wfe SWatfb, PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDNESDAY AND SATUBDAY MORNING. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1886. : NEGLECTED CHILDREN. If great cities are a.n essential feature of modern civilization, vice in externa is an unfortunate concomitant of great cities. And one of its signs is the number of young boys and girla who lead a sorb of gipsy life about the streets, earning an honest penny here and there in an accidental way, but preferring, as a rule, to get their living by begging, borrowing, or stealing. This is the case in all the large Con tinental cities of the old world, and the cities of the Sunny South are re producing the Bame blots on their civilization. In fact, there is a likeli hood of their doing so in an enhanced degree, fop the pleasant sunshine and the balmy atmospherp tempt the youthful mudlarks to loaf obp^t the streets, where they meet with no obstacles to the carrying out of their own sweet wills, provided they couopiy with the policeman's orders to " move | on." It m quite evident that lazy and careless urchins, whose Jjme is passed at the street -corners and about the . gutters, have no chance of learning a trade so as to e&rp; a living in a decent sort happens is that they either the unewptoyprf or drift gradually down iu? Ui 1 they become parb and parcel of tuC criminal classes. The resfc is soon told. They become outcasts of society, with the detective at their heels. Presently they find themselves immured within the murky enclosure of prison walls, and then their account with the outer world ceases. They have handed in tbeir checks, so to speak, and society, having clipped their wings, asks about them-no more. But everyone of the boys who pre Bently find themselves inside Her Majesty's gaol are a source of expense to .the State. They have to -be fed, clothed, and taken care of at the public cost. If, on the-other hand, it had been possible to,wean them at an early age from their, depraved and vicious habits, they would have become a soufce of profit to the community. It is evidently to the interest of society to endeavor to make some use of this raw material in the\shape of the waifs and Btrays who congregate in the by way and aloDg the lane. Reformatories have been of some value in this direc tion, and have gained converts to industry who would otherwise have bad to be reckoned amongst tbe block 'sheep. But reformatories have only teen a partial success) youngsters have never under any circumstances taken to the mode of life therein-partly on account of the gloom of huge barracks, partly on. account of the lurking sus piciousness connected with bolts and bars, and partly through the absence of any hints or suggestions of home comforts and home influence- If an opportunity to escape offered itself it was at once availed of. It comes, therefore, as a pleasure to us to learn that in one of the colonies at least an attempt, has been made to supersede the reformatory system by a better one. "We refer to New South Wales. In the eldest colony of .the group a new, original, and successful method of reclaiming the youthful population has been discovered. This ut what may be "termed the nautical school ship system. Youthful offenders are sent to the good ship Vernon, of which Captain Neitenstein is the enthusiastic master. The deep blue sea, with its daily hints of freedom and independence, the fresh open air, and the healthy surroundings act as a charm on the minds of the boys, wko are carefully trained and taught, and they are ail taade to .feel at home, although the discipline is of the very strictest description. Moral education is what is chiefly aimed at while the boys are on board the vessel; but they are only allowed to remain there for a year, when they are apprenticed out, chiefly amongst farmers, remaining under official inspection till the age of 18 years. The farmers are only too glad to get a boy from the Yernon, because they find that he is conscien tious, industrious, and obedient to the letter. Of course, the captain, dealing with so large a constituency, is bound to have some failures; but the majority of the lads who are brought under his judicious care become hard-working, Jaw- biding citizens, fie is constantly receiving letters from all parts of the civilized world from "old boys" ac knowledging bis kindness and praising his methods of discipline and educa tion, to which they owe their success in life. Captain JSeitensteln may be justly looked upon as a public bene factor. The keynote to his system is simply this, that the crimiual is not to to be regarded as such when he puts bis foot on the Vernon. The master endeavors at once to instil feelings of .' self-respect and honeBt pride into bis ! mind, and the youngster, who strives j to behave a little better for the sake of the good ship and of his companions, presently strikes out into a good and i useful life for his own sake. Thus Captain Neitenstein adds to both the j moral and the material welfare of the community. The moral of his exer tions is Bimply this-that bad dispo ! sitions can bo changed to good ones by timely care and attention. It bears out the old saw, " As the twig is bent the tree is inclined." WATERING THE STBEETS.-The Mayor (Mr. W. Thurston, J.P.) wrote a short time ago to the Hydraulic Engineer (Mr. R. L. Mestayer) asking that water might be allowed' for the watering of the streets of the town nt 6d. per 1,000 gallons. He has received a letter in reply intimating that the request will be granted from December 1. The price asked for water last year was Is. per 1,000 gallons, so that the reduction granted is one that the townspeople will fully appreciate. The Cor poration has to pay no assessment. A very Bmall frontage rate should pay for having Commercial-street or any other street that it may be desirable to keep free from dust well watered during the coming summer. RAILWAY SIDING IN GAMBIEK WEST.-A petition to the Commissioner of Railways is now being sigued in the District of Gambier West praying that yards for stock and a siding may be laid down on the line in Sec. 215, Hundred of Blanche, The site asked for is in Mr. H. Sassanowsky'a section, near the old Ledmore Hotel. It is pointed out that it will be inconvenient to drive stock intended for despatch by train into the town, and it is very generally agreed that the site chosen will be a good one for stock-yards as well as a central one for the training of general produce in Gambler West. THE HOSPITAL.-On November 1 there were 33 patients in the Hospital. The number admitted during November was 9; and 20 were discharged. Tne number remaining December 1 was 22. Sixty-four out patients were treated during last month. The dispenser acknow* ledgeB with thanks the receipt of a large basket of cherries, from Mrs Ruwe, of Glenburnie, forming a very acceptable present to thepatients. He also acknowledges with thanks the receipt of-a basket of flowers from the Baptist Sunday School for the patients. Rifle MATCH.-A match between the Mount Gambier and Horsham Rifle Clubs at 400, 500, and 600 yards, ten men aside, is to be fired next Wednesday. ACCIDENT. - Yesterday afternoon Mr. F. Rickard, head clerk at Mr. L. G. Ehret's estab lishment, had his left arm dislocated through being thrown down by a horse. The dislocation was reduced by Dr. MacDonald. The HAMILTON Spectator of Tuesday says " During one of the hot days last week when the sky above waa a vault o£ unstreaked cerulean blue, the residents of Argyle station were surprised to see a large white cloud rapidly rolling up from the westward. It was of peculiar formation, and their surprise was not lessened when they found it to consist of myriads, and myriads of butterflies almost purely white. A day or two afterwards a gentleman travelling through the bush saw many of these butterflies apparently returning to their original location, not in a cloud but by twos and threes. Several of a similar kind were seen in Hamilton on the same day." A few of the cloud also paid Mount Gambier a visit. IN the colony there are 79,-591 holdings of land between one acre and 40,000. In the South-East we have 1,520 holdings. The most numerous class of land- holders have holdings of from 100 up to 1,000. They total 11,713. TJje number of persons who hold estates from one acre up 39 3Fe set down at 4,715. In the South-East we Have ill rep gpntleinen who each own over 40,000; four more who own over 30,000; seven who own over 20,000; twenty four who own over 10,000; thirty-eight who own over 5,000; and 101 who own over 1,000. &gffp; hptidred and seventy-seven hold less tfoan oyep f.QQ $cres: and 515 have estates ranging from J. acr.e up to £($. The Teptulpa PfGGiNGS.-The following list of the distances from Adelaide to Teetujpu, and the railway and coach fspeg .charged, will be of interest to persona who contemplate visiting the diggings. From Adelaide to Petersburg the distance is 154 miles, and the fare is 16s. Id. ; from Petersburg, where trains li'a.ve to be changed, to Mannahill the distance is 80 miles," $n4 fciije £:r.e 13s. 4d., and from Mannahill to Teetulpa jthe .eoach-fifre, for a journey of 20 miles, is 5sl, or'a iota^ sum of Sfs. pd. for the whole trip. Trains 'leave Ade laide ai 7->0 a.m. and' reach Mannahill at siopT/ A --""Hfcii 0i superbly got up Bibles have been seized by the J~'Uurne. Customs officers on the ground that they infringe On the copy right law of England. They came from America, and contain witii the common version the revised version, which is the special pro perty of the Oxford press. According to the law these Bibles should be burned, but would it not be better to simply confiscate them and distribute them among the charitable institu tions '! Ouu Border Town correspondent writes on November 29 :-" Great surprise is expressed . here at the news that the Government rabbit parties in the South- East are being dispensed with. They are all to be in Border Town on December 1 for the purpose of being paid off. It is the general opinion here that the Govern ment have been almost throwing the money away, for although they have greatly reduced the pest in some parts, in others tne rabbits are thicker than ever, which can be proved by a visit to the Government reserves on Swede's Plat or Jeffrey's Swamp, or even on some of the ground that the parties cleared some time ago. No doubt the destroyers rendered good service at the time, but the rabbits are getting as bad as ever. It is thought that the Government should again pay for rabbit scalps at a reduced rate, also for wild dogs, but not for eaglehawks, wallabies, and kangaroos."-.Acfra'tiser. CRICKET.-An eleven of the Mount Gambier Cricket Club leave here this morning for Penola to try conclusions with the local club there. Messrs. W. Nicholls (capt.) and G. Alexander, who are returning from Adelaide, will meet the Mount team at Penola and take part in the watch, The other members of the Mount team are-T. 0. Ellis, A. G. I'hillips, V. J. 2?&via;, W, Boot, D. MacKenzie, Is. Mayne, J. Besley, and H. and Jno. Pick, THE December wool sales have opened rathef WSakj afad ft fall of from |d. to 2d. per lb. is reported. THE Narracoorte Plutnptoa Company has decided to wind up. The ground they selected for the Plumpton proved unsuitable, and the Coursing Club will fall back upon open cours ing for another term. Mft, GHOST has now a splendid show of double poppies in his garden at the Telegraph Station. They are -worth looking at-color, size, and development being good. THE Advertiser of Tuesday reports " The Surveyor-General (Mr. Goyder) returned to town on Saturday after an absence of nine days in the South-East, during which time he arranged for the survey of laud under the new Crown Lands Act, and for proceeding with the drainage works near Kingston. With reference to the first matter Mr. Goyder has provided for the eui-i'-ey of 250,000 acres of land in the reserved district in the vicinity of Kingston. The land is of a mixed character, *orne being very good and some rather poor, but it ha; been so arranged that the larger blocks will include ja part of the good with a portion of inferior country. In the remoter districts from Kingston the lands have necessarily been surveyed in much greater blocks, but the areas are to be proportionately smaller near Kings toil, go as to suit the requirements of the people in the neighborhood who are likely to want the land. There are now four surveyors on the ground subdividing it into blocks, and Mr. Goyder hopes, with the approval of the Commissioner, to be able to offer the land in Msr.ch next, so that the leases may date from 1st, April, ^.s to the drainage near Kingston Mf. Goyder informs us that operations hays been commenced, and the channel &tu; the Mavia CreeV has fesen enlarged sy a? to RfSorft a sufficient outlet for any quantity of water ever likely to Bow through it. The works are being rapidly extended inland. At present only 50 or GO men are employed, but it ib impossible to put on any more for a time, as even by the narrow cutting 7 feet wide and a little over a foot deep something like half a millions gallons of water are running through per day, compell ing the making of dams in order to keep the water back on the south side of the railway line, so as to enable the drain on the north side to be completed. "With favorable weather it is hoped to nave this done in a few weeks, when. an additional number of men may be put on. So far the drainage operations have been a success, and Mr. Goyder has no doubt that satisfactory results will be obtained when the land is offered for leasing, and that considering the character of the country a large population will be placedupon it. He proposes toleave town apain on Monday next to complete his inspec tion, which necessarily involves the whole of the lands in the Bouth-east of which the leases expire shortly. Mr. Goyder is also about to arrange for the erection of a dog and rabbit proof fence on the boundary between the 36th parallel of latitude and the north-eastern corner of the hundred of Binnum-that is, if the terms proposed are approved of by tho Commissioner. The season in the south-east has been an extremely favourable one, and the Surveyor-General never saw the grass land there looking better or the vegetation more luxuriant." WE make the following extract from the speech of Mr. Justice Windeyer, of Sydney, in passing sentence upon the nine prisoners con cerned in the Mount Rennie outrages "Language fails to express the abhorrence and the loathing of right-thinking men of the scene described by witness after witness in this case, as the poor defenceless, girl, friendless and alone, waB hunted down by a set of savages, who, springing upon her, outraged her until she lies a horrible thinpf before them; and then, when returning consciousness brings with it the terror of further outrage, she, in a frenzy, seeks the only opportunity of death as seems to present itself-a refuge from the horrors of her life. Everybody who has listened to the accounts given by witness after witness must come to the conclusion that this out rage has been committed, and now one .after another of the perpetrators coolly pro tests his innocence after a patient hearing of 84 witnesses and a trial almost unexampled. The jury has arrived at a just verdict. There is no doubt that perjury after perjury has been committed to try and swear you out of that place. Iam glad to find that we have a jury intelligent enough to act fearlessly and hon estly in a case like this, because it iB a terrible thing that a crime like this should go unpun ished. You cannot expect that those who are charged with the execution of the law will hesitate under all these circumstances in hand ing you over to that death which you most righteously deserve. Outrages like these are not committed on the children of the rich, who go about under the protection of servants and others, but it is the daughters of the people who are subjected to them. Whilst in the pursuit of their honest avocation they are compelled to go about exposed to such outrages as have been brought to light during this trial. Under all circumstances no pity can be extended to you. Pity will be reserved for the homes you have outraged, and the victim you have wronged. I warn you to waste no time with idle protesta tions ofmnocence. I would advise you to prepare to meet your Maker, and if you are capable of understanding, to remember that the time is short. The recommendation of mercy which the jury has made in your favor, it will be my duty to convey to the executive with whom our fate rests, and not with me j but I can old out no hope that this recommendation will be acted upon. After all we have seen of late years in this country the time has come when a terrible example muBt be made. Such conduct as this oan only be restrained by the fear of death, and X have now but one duty to discharge, to pass upon you the last dread sen tence oi the law," NEWS from the Teetulpa diggings continues promising. A good deal of gold is still being unearthed and the diggers are spreading out. The fjreat drawback to the development of the field is the want of water and the Government is being urged to help the diggers in this respect. The following letter signed by three old Victorian miners now at Teetulpa appears in the Advertiser:-" We have been here about three weeks and have been prospecting four miles to the west of Brady's Gully, We have sunk several shaftB from 4 to 12 feet deep, and can find fine and shotty gold-good sample, but it is impossible for us to say whether the locality is payable or not, unless the Govern ment immediately place for the convenience of diggers tanks of salt or brackish water with tubs for dishing purposes, each about half-a mile apart or thereabouts. We miners have not the slightest doubt that this is a good and extensive goldfield, but without this con venience it is no use expending our money in sinking. The little water that is to be had is confined to Brady's and Goslin's Gullies, and that is no UBe for prospectors." TRAINSTOPENOLA.-Messrs. Moore, Blanch, & Co. have resolved to run weekly trains for goods and passengers between Mount Gambier and Penola. The passenger fares are low, being 5s. one way, or 7B. 6d. return. The trains will, no doqbt, bp considered a boon by travellers and business people. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. - The municipal elections for 1887 were concluded on Wednes day, when the polls for the contested seats in the South-East and South-West Wards and for one auditor took place. The elections for the councillorships caused much interest, and being vigorously contested created a consider able amount of stir in the town. In the South East Ward Mr. G. Watson defeated Mr. W. H. Harrald, _who held the seat last term, by 20 votes, having scored 55 against his oppon ent's 3.7. Mr. T. Williams secured the vacant seat in the South-West Ward, having received 102 votes against Mr. H. Hi Barrett's (>7. Mr. Besley was elected to the vacant auditorsbip. There was a large attendance of ratepayers at the declaration of the poll, and Crs. MacDon ald, Watson, and Williams, Mr. Barrett, and the' Mayor thanked jilie 'electors,'as also did Mr. Besley. ' !^.t a mee'tipg of fhe ijew pouncil after tl)e declaration the" Mayor'was'voted an aUowance oF £7Q foy tjie year. liAi'risi' Sus/uAV Spfioofj.-^Vednesday was a glorious day for a picnic, and the Mount Gambier Baptist Sunday school were fortuuate in selecting it for that purpose. The scholars, with a large number of young friends, making up a total of nearly 100 children, assembled at trie church jii Heleu-street at 10 o'clock a.m., and with tlieir teachers were earned in con veyances to a pretty spot op Mr. AW Uinphefstonj sen's; farm at Yahl, where the pj.o-f.fp wfjs'held.' A}1 told-children, parents, ana ujfo.'fs-tfje jjjjtnbe}: was about 150. On the ground a variety CI j«v.eriilp pleasures were pursued, and early in the afternoon ibfS bjegest pleasure of the day-a capital treat was given to the young people. At 6 p.in. the pictfjeers left Yahl for the town, which was reached at a quarter to 7 o'clock. A good many of the children, tired with their day's outing, went to their homes on their return to town, but many of the older ones remained to witness an ente'rtainuippfc, which commenced in the church at 8 o'clock, and paii&ke; of a supper, which was held afterwards. 'Tie little tthurcjv was crowded at the entertainment, and many were unable to gep seats. The Rev. Mr. Harrington, who seemed very happy at the success of the day's proceedings, presided. Tfie church was decorated with greenery and mottoes. When the meeting bad beep opened in the usual way, the rev. chairman delivered a short address, in which he expressed his great pleasure at the success of the anniversary gvepts, apd after wards spoke on the importance of the Church receiving children into the warmth of its fellowship. Children were the hope of the Church for the future, and it was the Church's duty to look after them. He offered a few words of encouragement to the teachers and other workers, and exhorted them to per severe in the ford's work; feeling assured that God would bless tneii" labors. Mr. A. Greerlees having sung "Rock'd in the cradle of the deep," Mr. W. Good game, the Superintendent of the Sunday school, spoke as to its progress. During the year just closed, he said, their school had in creased in number from 50 to 03, with an averageattendancoof about 55. Andbesides the Sunday achool they had a Bible clans for young men and another for young women. They did not want to take children from other schools, but if there were any who went to no Sunday school that would like to join they would be happy to receive them. 1 hey were thankful to God for the measure of spiritual success he had given then in the past year. Following this adaress solos were contributed by Misses E. Pegler, Billing, K. Driscoll (a child with an excellent voice), and Schmidt and Mr. T. Jobling. Recitations were given by Master A. Billing, Misses E. Underwood and L. Greenlees, and a dialogue by Miss Goodgame and Master P. Underwood. The efforts of Misses Underwood and Green lees were especially meritorious. A vote of thanks to all who had assisted in the anniversary was passed, and then, at about 10 o'clock, the supper began. It was held in a marquee alongside the church. This was much too email for requirements, being only capable of containing about 50, when 150 were clamoring to get in. Howeyer, all were served in due course. The anniversary and cele bration was throughout a success. THE City of Adelaide Land and Investment I .Company is still iu deep waters. During the past yea? tie Directors, by squeezing the un nappy ohareholders, have rsdijced the liabilities by £75,000, but the year's results show expenses several* hundred pounds in excess of income. It was elicited during a meeting of the share holders that one of the directors, Mr. T. Graves, bad sold a property he bought for £7,000 to the Company for £12,000, and a good many hard things were said about this trans action. The name of Mr. Kewland,*M.P., was also brought up as making a good thing out of, the Company. A committee waa appointed to investigate the transactions and report^ Mean, time Messrs. Graves and Crozier retire from the Directory, and only one new appointment was made in lieu of the two, that "being con ferred upon Mr. J. H. Syoion, >1,3?," Thy Directors' fees were cut dowu from £500 to £lu0, and other expenses are to be pruned. RAINFALL.-Up to November 30 the rainfall for the year at Mount Gatnbier was 32.102 inches. Last month the fall (on nine days) amounted to 1.384 inches. In 1S85 only 28.24o inches of rain was recorded for the first eleven months, and 29.273 inches'for the whole * »8 ln November last year was 0.823 inch. THE Hon. J. B. Spence has made an assign men. JoS~Jrop£rfcy- Liabilities, £57,830 ; assets, £68,766. Estimated surplus, £10,930. Mr. Spence was voted his household furniture, lie has resigned his position in the Legislative Council, which will not be fitted till after the Jtiouse meets. WESLEY aj? FOREIGN MISSIONS. - It is an nounced to-day that the Rev. J, Bickford, foreign missions deputation to the South-East, will, on behalf of AVesleyan foreign missions, preach in the Mount Gambier Wesleyan Ohurch to- morrow, and on Monday deliver a lecture m the church on his trip to England and back a year or two ago. Bhigadiek-Geneual, OWEN, accompanied by Lieutenant Dp burgh, arrived at Beachport by steamer on Wednesday, and having enjoyed a 24 hours stay there, reached Millicent by tram on Thursday afternoon. On arrival he was met by the local volunteer company, under Captain Osmanj as a guard of honor. Afterwards he inspected the company, of whom 25 officers and men were present, and was satished with their progress in drill. The General and Lieut. De Burgh stay at Mayurra as the guests of Mr. G. Glen, S.M., till Mon day, when they will come on to Mount Gam bier. The same afternoon General Owen will inspect the Mount Gambier Compauy on Frew Park at 5 o'clock. The members of the com pany will assemble at half-past four o'clock. txcuRSiON TRAINS.-The Mayor is very enthusiastic about anything that he considers for the benefit of Mount Gambier and district. It has frequently been remarked that the Vic torian system of issuing excursion tickets on the railways covering a month is better than the South Australian one, and gives them a great advantage in the opinion-of holiday makers. It has also been' B&ted.here; that if the Government would arrangeJpr- excursion tickets by qoacii and rail H^tftveen Mount Gambier and Adelaide during the next Christ mas holidays the convenience will be largely availed of. The Mayor resolved to apply for the latter, and wrote to the General Traffic Manager (Mr. Alan G. Pendleton) about it. Mr. Pendleton, in a reply to the Mayor, writes that excursion trains will be put on between Mount Gambier and Adelaide during the Christmas and New Year holidays, and that return tickets will be issued from December 22 to January 3, inclusive, available for return up to and including January 22, Mr. Pendleton adds that he lias asked Mr. McKeand to agree to that arrangement as rpgards his coaches, and has no doubt he will comply. LOUAL COURT.-The following cases are down for hearing at the Mount Gambier Local Court on Monday;-Unsatisfied judgments S. T. Webb v. Mrs. M. Hennessy, £4 lis.; J. Jacob (Trustee in insolvent estate of W. S. Wilson) v. G. Carter, £6 9s. 3d.; Dr. C. C. MacDonald v. Mrs. M. Hennessy, £25 8s.: Mrs. C. Bohm v. T. Bragge, £1214s.; A. Mac Arthur v. Dentnan, £5 Os. Id.; R. Gooch v. A. Hamilton, £4 19s. Jld.; and A. MacKenzie v. W. B. Russell, £3 12s. 6d. New cases-T. Kerin v. M. Kain, £29 ; P. Hammer v, G. Rum below, £1 19s. 6d.; F. Hammer v. J, Jenkins, £2; Mrs. Catherine Smith v J. Eustace, £19 ; and A. C. Spehr v. R. Gooch, £29 Is. 8d. MR. ROBERT MACK. TULLY, points out that in our issue uf the 27th ult. a slight error occurred in his letter. The sentence referring to conditions should have read-" Winners were to weiyk in, and when the rider of Turk weighed he was two pounds short of 12 stone ; so he was disqualified." -r CHRIST CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL. - The children attending the Christ Church Sunday school had their annual picnic on Wednesday, and the outing to which they had been for some time eagerly looking forward, proved as delightful as they foudly hoped. The picnic was held in the Moorak paddock, west of Claraville, in the Usual favorite spot, where plenty of grass, the absence of dU8t, and ample shelter from the sun contributed much to the enjoyment of all. The children, with the teachers and a large- number of friends, pro ceeded to the paddock in the morning, and, after entering into a few games, had luncheon shortly after 12 o'clock. During the afternoon a variety of games were indulged in by the young folk, and between 4 and 5 p.m. they were trsated to a capital tea. There was by that time a large _ number of visitors present, who, with the children, made a total of about 300 who partook of tea. Most of the teachers, many of the other adult friends, and the Rev. Dr. Craig, exerted themselves well and suc cessfully to promote the enjoyment of the children, and make the proceedings brisk and pleasurable. The Great Clearing Sale of Twenty-six Cases and Packages of General Drapery, just received ex Del comyn direct from the manufacturers, io which will be included a large stock of General Merchandise, commences Tins DAY at J. ROWAN'S, Cummercial street, .Mount Gambier, and will terminate on XMAS EVE. Great attractions! Special reductions! See small handbills. Cash buyer of Wool, Skins, Butter. Eggs, and all kinds of District Produce. Full supply of WoolpackB just to hind ex Gleucurry from Calcutta at lowest current rates. KESHAL'h Watciibs arc sccond to none in the colonics for strength and durability ; superior to all in work manship and construction. 2222 " FiiOKENCK " KID GLOVES.-Ladies should wear the " FLORENCR " KID GLOVES ; perfect fit, aud hand sewn J a new shipment just arrived direct from the maker, which wc aro now offering at 5s. per pair. BARRETT & GAILLARD, Mount Gambier. Scut post free to any part.-[Ai>VT.] 2277 _ A NUMEROUS class in every community seok diver sion in Reading, Writing, anil Studying during the long winter evenings, and the foundation to perma nent disease is frequently laid by a use of improper glasses. As a safeguard against ocular complications, select your spectaclcs at J. M. Wkndt's, where a vast assortment of the newest Pausodanoptics, Adaman nis, and Brazil Pebbles have just been unpacked. 