WINSTO W E. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER XXIIL—{Concluded.) As she journeyed homeward, the magic of her lover's kiss still lingering on her lips, the world seemed fairer than ever it had done before. Even Ardreggan, gloomy and frownirg as it was, looked lovely in her eyes, and iu the pleLtitude of her joy Bhe could, I am sure, have kissed her hand to the kelpie himself, had that woithy been sitting on his " Etane !"' People said he came soon enough after this, and night by night he wailed aad ciied till the sheep huddled together in the fold, and the men and maids of the Ardreggan honsehold cowered round the "ingle," and lefused to go about the house alone. For Arthur Maliinger wrote to Sir George; wrote humbly, as oecame him, but still bravely, as became him too. lie told the story ot the unpremeditated avowal of his lore without extenuating and without falsifying, asking for nothing in the present, only praying for the boon cf hope in the future, should he win his way. The day on which this letter arrived at Ardreggan was a memorable one in the domestic annals. A petty nature is incapable of appreciating greatness in another. (Sir George flaistow, therefore, could not recognise the nobility that scorned deception, and conscious of an impulsive error, laid that error bare. He tore the tutor's letter to atoms when but half read, and then lady Jane and poor Miss Piieemie came in for the brunt of the storm. The air was dark with curses, and the women, white and trembling, clung together as terrified animals huddle up to each other in a tempest. All but May herself. She stood pale, silent, and tearless, listenlog to a string of bitter epithets hurled at her love. Each term of reproach aimed at the man she loved hit her like a lash, and she writhed beneath it; but she spoke no word, and lier silence so exasperated her father thac be raised his arm and struck her down where the stood. After a storm comes a calm. Days and weeks of silent misery followed this outbreak. Miss Pheemie's eyes and nose entered into a friendly rivalry as to which Bhould become the reddest. My lady, to quote the old housekeeper, a retainer of many years' standing, " gaed like a ghaistand the girl herself, tearless and dumb, would sit gazing out into the night through the diamond-paned casement of the old schoolroom, or crouch by the fire and watch its burning embers, as though, in their fantastic shapes, she could recall the brightness of those few sweet days when she had known a joy that had been too quickly overcast. All correspondence was of caurse forbidden with the presuming suitor; but by some agency, that was tor ever a mystery, the sorrowing girl received a few hurriedly penned lines from one of his relatives. He was ill—seriously tlL The strain of the last few weeks, coming upon a frame already weakened by over-study, had proved more than nature could bear. He had had to leave his situation, and take refuge with the only relatives be possessed. They were people in humble enough position in life, but rich in love for the boy who had taised himself above them all by his " knowledge," as they were pleased to term his self-earned education. " 1 can't bear to see the child so steadfast, Pheemie," said poor Lady Jane one eveniag to that faithful friend; "sorrow that has nae outward mark eats the heart out." It was a late autumn night, and the bare arms of the trees beat against the casements as though they shrunk from the blast and demanded admission, while the wind shrieked li&e; halt a dozen kelpies at least, and the burn, swollen by heavy rains, roared and tumbled with the sound of a distant sea. " Mother," Eaid May, gliding into the firelit room like a spirit, her great eyes blight with some intense feeling, her hands clasped upon her breast—*' molhtr, I am going to my room; the noise of the wind has made my head heavy ; father is out at the bailie's, EO he will not uiiss me. Kiss me, aad bless me too, that I iiiay sleep the better." Then the mother clasped her, and kissed her and blessed her, with tears, the girl kneeling by her knee, and holding her about the iicu&, d.ud ilits Ph.eeone stole away to the window, and wept qaietly to herself. When the morning came the nest was empty, tiw bird had down. A letter lay open oa the table—a letter that Sir Gtorge tore to atoms and then trampled on the bits—a letter that was photographed upon the mother's heart in one instant's eight! "I would not have gone to him, dearest mother, but he is ill, pernaps dying, and 1 am lus promised wife. Father mil never forgive me, ani I shall never one ba-.sk any more; but i stole your blessing last night to take with me!" That was all, Tiieii Sir George Pialstow did as we have already heard JPelham iVsttigrerf- de^crioe ; he shut up the family skeleton, and turned the key tjjjon it. He not only forbade his wife ever opening a letter from her child on pain of being instantly turned out of her home, bat foroade every mention of, or allusion to, suca a creature as their disobedient daughter. Henceforth and for ever Ardreggin was a childless house—childless by his will. Not even the smallestgirlish trinket had May taken with her; her room was left just as though she mighs be expected to return at any moment ; only the bed had been impressed by her slight torm, and her simplest dress and cloak were mi&sing.; By whose connivance she left the castle that gruesome night, when the lirtrees beat almost to the earth before the blast, and the rain drove pitilessly along instead of falling downward, no one ever knew. That part of the letter which contained the address from which she had received the news of her lover's danger was torn off; bat •even had it been found, there was no one to pursue the fugitive, for had she been brought back, Sir George would have spurned he with his foot, and cast her out pitilessly. In these days of terror, he held those two weak women in such bondage of fear that they stole about the vast rooms and crept up and down the wide stairs like frightened ghosts, and spoke under their breath. He would have turned Miss Pheemie away, but for fear that she should seek out the child, and perhaps help her and comfort her, if help and comfort were needed. He watched his wife, and the woman that was her faithful shadow, by nipht and day, locking their rooms at night, and, to the best of his power, preventing them from conversing together out of his presence. Miss Pheemie, lying awake and shivering in her bed, could hear him go from his own room, that opened into his wife's, and there pace up and down the floor, raving and cars ing in each fashion as now and again forced a low wail from the unhappy woman at whose head his words were hurled. Then he would lock the outer door, set the inner one open so as to command the slightest movement Lady Jane might make, and presently silence would reign. But Miss Pheemie knew—how well she knew?—that the mother was lying in the darkness, not weeping, for she dared not weep lest he should hear her, but openeyed, keeping an awful vigil of pain, and praying co the good God who watches over all for the child she had once carried bsaeath her heart and suckled at her breast. At length Sir George found keeping guard both monotonous and wearisome. He therefore announced to his slaves that in a fortsight's tine they must be prepared to start on a long Continental tour; that they would sojourn for a time in such cities or countries as it might fall in with his royal will and pleasure to abide in, and that Ardreggan would meanwhile be shut up, and left to me care of certain trusty servants. The rest of the household were to be dismissed. In one week from the day in which Sir George Plaistow made this determination known to his wife, her hair, until then fa r and abundant as in the days of her girlhood, turned to a lustreless grey, and two deep lines, lines graven by the hand of a cruel anguish, marred the beauty of her mouth. And so for three long years—years that seemed like a whole weary lifetime to Lidy Jane and her companion — these three wandered about in foreign lands. Now they rested in some Italian city; now sailed np the Nile; now spent a winter in the lovely •climate of Malta; now pushed far iatj Spain. Birt in all places, and everywhere alike, Lady Jane, Bearing a life-long hunger in her heart, saw no beauty ia earth or sky. Quiet, sub missive, a n d uncomplaining, she lived life day by day; but no one ever saw her Emile. You see, the breaking of a human heart is alCBg au5 troublesome process; though taere are few things more certain when it is once set well en train. Be sure, the two wo21 en, whenever a happy chance gave them half an hour togesner, s^oke with tendciest, fond regret of their lost \- darling ; be sure they recounted to each other many a little stcry of her baby days, each refreshing the memory of the other in this particular or that; be sure they wearied themselves with conjectures as to where she was and how she fared, and wondered if the love that she had given up all for was so " leal and true" that she " counted the world well lost," and, as Arthur Mailing's wife, ' was utterly content with that little world bounded by the walls of the home that was hers and his. it is often thus. We weary ourselves v..th conjectures about soxe a.-seut loved {•ue; what is he doing, we tbink, even now— this very moment, while we are dwelling on the thought of him ? Is it well with him Has he good friends about hioi, Bind true ? flaB he found some to fill our place, and to love bim as we loved ? And all the while our darling is in God's safe keeping, and the sorrows and the pains and the partings of earth can hurt him never more! 