A STRIKING GHOST STORY. —‘Lady’s Pictorial.’ Many years ago, Lord Gastlereagh, afterwards Marquis of Londonderry, went on a visit to Knebworth, the seat of Mr Bulwer father of the first Lord Lytton. Kuebworth could boast, even in those days, a haunted room, and this apartment . 'set aside for Lord Castlereagh, nt any unkind intern tion on the his host, however, as the ghost v. ‘ • supposed to visit this chasibei m made his ap pearance. Soi..- . ‘ were his visita tions that his ex. a not even sus pected by any Ot . . .■•ants then in M r Bui wer’s employ, uoi C'astlereagh arrived at Kneb worth late in the evening, retired early to rest, and went quickly to sleep, only noticing-before closing his eyes that a comfortable wood (ire had been lighted in the'quaint, old-fashioned fire-place, opposite to .which stood the foot of. his bed. Suddenly he awoke with the the- unpleasant consciousness that ho .was not alone in the room, and, looking up, he saw . to his great amazement that someone was sitting, by the hearth, resting bis head upon his hand. as he leant forwards in his chair, and apparently gazing intently into the fire. Greatly surprised at seeing a stranger in his room, Lord Castlereagh sat up in his bed, and was further astonished to see that .the figure was that of a young boy, with a pro fusion of long yellow hair, and clad from head to foot in yellow garments of a picturesque and medieval fashion. While Lord Castlereagh was still wondering how so strange a figure could possibly ; have gained access to his room, the Yellow Boy turned slowly round, look ing steadfastly for an instant, drew his hand rapidly across his throat, and vanished. Next day Lord Castlereagh related to his host his carious expe rience of the night before. Mr Bulwer appeared somewhat horrified at what he heard, but he endeavored to make light of the matter, carefully concealing from his visitor the popular superstition that the apparition of the Yellow Boy not only foretold a violent death to the man who saw him, bat also left no .doubt as to tlie manner of death which he should die. Strangely enough, a few years later, Lord Castlereagh committed suicide by cutting his own .throat, at his country residence in Kent, a fact which, taken in connection with the apparition of the Yellow Boy, was certainly a curious coincidence, if nothing more.- 