AN INLAND VOYAGE. LIFE OK A DARLING STEAMBOAT. (BY ODIl EPHCIAIi BKrOllTEU.) II. Do not imagine, compassionate reader, be cause yon lmve been hearing of Bailors who had never been to sea navigating without tho aid of mariners' compasses, Bleamcrs, frail as " cocic- boats," that a voyage down an Australian river is uuspiced by some sense of danger. From Bourke to VVilcaunia the stream runs at tho rale of between two and three miles an hour, the course of tlio channel iB a series of awkward twists and turns. In dry seasons the waterway is studded witli snags, and iu flood time the straggling trees stretch forth their long arms in an unwelcome embrace far over tho surface of tlio river. Fat and old and gluttonous, tell ing by splintered limbs of floods and whirl winds in tho past, exposing bare sunburnt patches 10ft. in length and the shape of church windows, where generations of blackfellows have cut tho bark for their canoes, and holding in the hollow of their trunks a world of leathered life — they were as capricious ns they were majestic, these stalwartaboriginals. Some times when in a fanciful mood they would poke n long, thin branch through your cabin window, nud gently tickle you as you lay iu your bunk. At other times, as though blending a dash of wickedness with their mirth, they would sweep the deck of its loose furniture, whisk oil" the towels which were hanging out to dry, knock the book out of your baud, tear your newspaper in halves, or snatch your chair from under yon. You might use appropriate language, half asleep make a grab nt the fly that was pro specting iu tho neighborhood of your nose aud find that it had legs as long as a camel's, stop "the steamer to bring back the 'towels, or read your paper as you had learned to do a great many things ou tho Darling — by halves ; there was no harm done, and it mattered very little. But what we did object to was the disposition of the boat to trade upon its claims to antiquity, and rush nt headlong speed like a iong-lost brother into tho iron grasp of these frolicsome guardians of the stream. It was tho kind of tiling one grows accustomed to only to dislike the more. We know when it was going to happen. The captain said " look-out," and handled the wheel just for all tho world as some affectionate mothers handlo disobedient children ; a man rushed to tho bowsprit and lifting it from its socket laid it flat upon deck ; another mnu sprang to the rudder chain which had a bad habit of breaking at inconvenient moments, the ladies screamed, and like ostriches poked their heads into dark corners for safety, the banks of tho river began to whirl round nnd instead of a long reach of water before and be hind, the stream suddenly multiplied into a hun dred, a thousaud, ten thousand streams, which flowed in all directions like the spokes of a cart wheel, from a point of which we were tlie revolving centre. Then there was a blushing of leaves and a crashing of branches, a thundering fnll of ponderous boughs on tho deck, a splintcriug of ship's furniture and a smashing of cabin windows. Fortunately tho most serious results wore only skin deep, but i or all that these wore times of some consterna tion. The naughtiest little girl I ever saw in my lite was on board, and she had a brother who was almost as naughty as herself. By general consent they wore voted to be really incorrigible children, nnd although everybody seemed to have taken them in hand by turns, it was not until the monotony of tho voyage was relieved by one of the in-, cidents to which I have just referred, that we discerned a gleam of promise in either of our protfigfa. The smash had been more appalling than usual ; a-ton of timber must havo fallen from a half dead tree; we were all socking shelter in our. cabins and expecting them to tumble about our ears with the next movement of the steamer ; everybody was wondering what would happen next; when tho painful quietness of suspense was broken by the footsteps of a child among' the diihris, |and a voice that we all knew piping out, " lViddio 1 IViddio 1 "Whore are you 1 Who's seed my 'icklo bruddcr ?" Some children may he pestered into good behaviour. It take3 a, crash like an earthquake and a ton of falling timbor to develop tho strong points iu others. Henceforth onr naughty little passenger Was, in onr eyes, a sort of heroine. They are all bachelors on the banks of the Darling. A more promising field for the im position of a tax upon unmarried men, it would be dillicult for any iGovernment to find. The reason is not for mo to fathom. Perhaps station holders aro disinclined to enticej" likely'.' women away from tlieir social lite of cities into those inhospitable wilds. Perhaps the seclusion of their dingy homes and tho loneliness of the bush breed habits of reserve and shyness. Perhaps a man whose nearest neighbor for yoars has been another bachelor 60 miles away, places too high a value upon the enjoyment of undisputed authority over his vast and often worthless domain. Wlion women do go there, it is generally as barmaids, and then the publicans who bring them out find it neces sary for their own security to enter into solemn contracts for a lengthened term of years, which would stem to imply that there is somebody on the station who lacks tho opportunity more than the inclination to marry. Wherever we called in the course of our voyage we were re ceived with cordial hospital ity, but I have an idea though it may be all fancy, that the gouty housekeepers looked with jealous eyes upon the young ladies who Bometimos participated in our visits. They were grim enongh — those fat old housekeepers, heaven knows— and as likely ns not they were still less inclined to share their supremacy than their masters were to share theirs. The climate is more trying than its latitude would indicate. It cracks tho ivory handles of knives, it strains the chords of pianos, it splits tho woodwork of buggies, and it is not, therefore, surprising that it should tell severely upon the physique of ladies who have been brought up in the milder atmosphere of our metropolitan cities. The wives of Government officials who cau afford, it spend the summer iu Melbourne or Adelaide, and those who have perforce to brave the scorching winds aud blinding uuststorms tell of a hard fight for health by the pallor of their cheeks. At tho same time it is only fair to state that on somo of the stations we met women who thoroughly enjoyed tho life, who could l ido a horse and handle a gun with any man, and whose children wore as strong and rosy as yon would be apt to find anywhere else in tho world. And it was ever tho simplest matter to prophesy tho presence of a feminine mind, a glance at the garden walks, un eye cast on tho doorstep, a peep into the hall, and no doubt could be left. There was as ranch solid comfort and gennino refinement in somo of those wilderness dwellings as could be reason ably expected at Darling Point. But, as I said before, it is quite the exception and not the rule for station holders on the hanks of tho Darling to indulge in so expensive a lnxury as a wife to superintend the Chinaman, preserve a number of glass tumblers proportionate to tho array of whisky bottles, or maintain an im partial record of the length of service performed by laco enrtains and white window blinds. We entertained rather sad recollections of tho presence of one lady in those desolate regions. With her husband and throe young children, Bhe had recently come to make a homo on a ten thousand aero selection. Three relatives had taken up laud in the same locality. Tho river was low when the husband " knocked . the cottage together." There was no immediate prospect of a rise,, and even if there had been there was nothing to indi cate the height to which tho flood had previously risen or would bo likely to rise again, and the spot chosen for the homestead, though slightly higher "than the surrounding ground, was too low to afford security against the encroaching waters. Foot by foot thoy crept up the banks ot the channel, slowly they rose upon the plain above, and at length, as though to cut off retreat, encircled the frail habitation. Tho wife, with two of her children, set out for safety by water to her brothers. Tho husband remained behind with the eldest boy, not knowing how soon they too wonld havo to abandon 'the homo. How long tho separation had lasted we did not in quire ; how many fears had presented them selves to tlie mind of the anxious wife possibly no one conld imagine. Bhe stood on the shore, holding a child by each hand, with a handle of bodding beside her and n pet goat tethered to a tree close by when, in obcdionce to a signal, our steamer drew alongside and wq. took them on board. It' was 20 miles or so to their forsaken dwelling, to which thoy wore now returning ; and if wo did anything to mako their short passage agreeable we were more than rewarded by tho scene of welcome that awaited their arrival. A more lonely and desolate spot was surely never de scribed in language or pictured on canvns. The homestead still occupied the only dry patch ol ground for miles around, and it was evident that the slightest " fresh" in tho river would immerse it nlso. Besides a log cabin, there wore two or tlireo other wretched structures, and soino of them were oven then partially under water. But tho hand of a tender and thoughtful woman, the presenco of a lady who had been educated amidst more in fluences than those at hand, was evinced by a hundred slender comforts, which challenged even tho dark desolation of flood and forest. A filter — tlie only filter wo had seen since leaving Sydney — stood outside the house, a meat safe hung from the walls, coarse wrap- poring had been neatly folded over rough boards and rows of pots and pans glistened brightly on convenient shelves. It was ouly a selector's home, and in a tew years more it might be a wilderness again, but it was tho homo of a bravo man and woman, who, coring little for tho isolation nnd the hardships nnd perhaps as , little for the possibilities of failnre, had lightly parted with elegance and comfort and troops of friends that tbey might subdue the iand nnd beat out a portion for their little ones. Under any circumstances, lite on those far western plains is robbed of half its benison ; bat for a delicate woman to turn her back on tho home of her father and to say .for ever farewell to tho pleasures — the follies if yon will — of a city life, and all for the sake of hot boys to bury herself in thedepths of the Aus tralian bush, is a sterner, truer and mora remorseless trial that those who have never wandered west can understand. Such women wonld be the pride of any country. They are tlio glory of ours. Silently bowing, we passed over the narrow gangway, and then, when the moorings were cast off aud we began once more to glide down the stream, with hearts as heavy as load, wo gave three husky cheers. It was too mnch for tho solitary woman. She could brave tho fearful heat, the shadowy futuro and tho appalling silence of the bnsb, hut sho could not withstand cheers that must have haunted tlie forest like the ghosts of bygone days, Ere the echoes had died away, through tear- dimmed eyes, we sow her tremblingly seek the shelter of her cottage. It was not hard to reason out- the hasty retirement. It did not call for a vivid imagination to follow her into a half -furnished room with an armchair or a couch in it, and, men though we were, men of the world, bent on .the applicatiQii of science to arid nature rather than sympathy to weep ing human nature, as the wind sighed in the boughs of the trees wo almost fancied that we heard someone sobbing on the shore. 