IN SCOTLAND. By "The Vagabond." TUE representatives of Australia who were honoured by being the recipients of invitations to Glasgow and Edinburgh took Sheffield en route. Mr. J. W. Pye Smith, the Mayor, the Master Cutler and the Cutlers' Company, the corporation, and the inhabitants of Sheffield made eveiy? pieparation, and vied with each other to do us honour. Yorkshire in this respect will for ever remain in our minds as synonymous with hospitality. Here, as at Leeds and Bradford, the chief inhabitants opened their doors, and welcomed us to their hearths and homes. In this pleasing inter course there has necessarily been an intechange of opinions. English gentlemen have found out that from the colonies there may come men of education and breeding. English ladies have found out that from Australia there may come ladies like unto themselves, with the same taste for tailor-made gowns, and the same passion for lawn tennis and afternoon tea. English matrons have dis covered that the daughters of the great Southern land,. if they have a little more freedom of speech and less .humbug, are in fact very like their own chickens. This hearty hospitality given to us in Yorkshire, and also in Devonshire, has made up for a great deal of the sti h ooa ý . Eu no.? uioo Loon so society. At Newcastle, too, it may also be noted that people receive us at their own homes. The pilgrims had to make another early rise, to start from' King's Cross at 7.40 a.m. by the Great Northern Railway. Sheffield was reached soon after 11. Here the colonists were welcomed by the Mayor and the Master Cutler; who were gorgeous in their insignia of office-the chief constable, the aldermen and town councillors, and above all, the beadle. The Sheffield beadle is the most gorgeous of his type that I have ever seen. As Artemus Ward would put it, he alone was worth twice the price of admission.- Whether he belongs to the parish, or the mayor, or the master cutler I know not, but we look npon this beadle as one of the most pleasing.personal adjuncts of the reception. From the station to the hotel we were literally mobbed by the Yorkshire crowd, anxious to see if we were black or not. They seemed all' to be very much disappointed that we were whiter than. themselves. At the Victoria hotel we were introduced to our hosts, and at noon had a good lunch before being started around the town to view the works and ,manufactories. Each visitor was provided with a handsome Russia leather badge, which bore the town arms and motto, and which we shall keep as mementoes of our visit. I think that the in spection of the Sheffield manufactories afforded more enjoyment than anything we have yet seen 'iithis 'line.' The working of steel'aii'd of plated ware is much more interesting in itself than looms and woollen factories. Every colonist was presented with a handsome knife as a souvenir of his visit. Many, however, preferred driving into the country, having seen enough of factories in other parts of Yorkshire. Some of us drove to the Neumery Colliery, and went down 600f?t, to say that they had been down in a coal mine. Mr. Howard Vincent accompanied them, and could tell a good many Australianis of his 2,000 and odd i feet experience in the 'miixes of Bendigo and Ballarat. At each of the establishments visited there was an interchange of compliments, a shaking of hands, and mutual. expressions of esteem. We returned to be taken home by our hosts, I and to be fed and feasted by them until it was time to get back. to the town for the I reception and conversazione at night. The Cutlers'-hall has as fine a suite of rooms as any in.the kingdom. They were all beautifully I decorated, the flags of all the colonies being prominent, but the pride of place was given to an original verse evolved for the occasion I by some Sheffield poet: "England nod her colonies, For ever may theybe.. The' distinct as the billows One as.the seal': I thinkl Jennings Carmichael and Brunton Stephens would scarsely. admit ..this to be poetry. But still, the intention was good, and as such we -rd 've it There was an. address of welcome, ?cknowledged"' by Sir Saul Samuel, the band played sweet music, there, was. talk and flirtation, which resolved itself at last into dancing, greatly to the joy of our young Australians. The masher of the. party cast his upas glances round,. and withered up the hearts of the Yorkshire maidens. He is such a destroying angel that we consider that the British Government will have to deport hint back to the South Seas befoie he depopulates the British Isles by breaking hearts. The dance went on to a late hour, for we were happy that we were not timed to depait until 1 o'clock next day. As a matter of fact, this visit to Sheffield was much too hurried. There was a great deal there which we missed, although some of us rose early next morning, and went to see the steel armour plate and ordinance works of Messrs. John Brown ahd Co., which are just ais good as any to be.found in the world, and the managing director of which, Mr. Stephen Burridge, was my appointed host. We also went to the works of:Messrs. Thomas Firth and 'Sons and "Vicklrs and Sons. But the ladies did not turn out much before the departure from Sheffield to York, from thence along the north-eastern route of Newcastle and Berwick to Edinburgh'. Now as we had been to Newcastle before, it seemed, in this respect, the arrangemtents were badly organised. Sheffield should have been included in the circle of previous visits to Yorkshire, which would have prevented us going over the same ground twice. Lunch was served on the cars, and we arrived at Edinburgh at 7.30, being over half an hour late. Here at the Waverley station, the Lord Provost and the corporation received us. When I say " us" I mean Sir Saul Samuel and Sir George Bowen, absentee Governor of Hong Kong, who is honouring us with his presence, why and wherefore we know not; and Australians, who have heard their ex-Governor speak so often, feel that they could exist without' hiii, Sir Saul Sanmuel, I believe, would.also. lperfeotly happy if Mr. Henniker Heaton were not here. 'I should be perfectly happy if Africa were not so well represented. Squashee is' here in obrce, male and female, after the manner of his kind. At Edinburgh I, stanmding among the crowd, am amused to hear a braw: lassie.say, " Why, they're no black I" I.disguised my individu ality as a colonist and, passing as an ordinary traveller, ask an intelligent bystander who all these people are. Says he, "They're a party of Canadians come to visit Edinburgh." I find that in Scotland generally the knowledge of places beyond the seas is very limited. Atter this encounter, the first mau with whom I hold communion in Edinburgh is a beggar -a decent-looking man, too-but he tells me a piteous tale of being hard up, and of a wife and family wanting bread. It inay or niay not be true, but you may be sure it touches .my Australian heart. Up to the present time it had been one of my fondly-cherished delusions that the Scotch race was supreme in matters of organisation. That idea has vanished for ever. In all our wanderings:to and fro.over Great Brithin, in no. place have the arrangement been so badly conceived and carried out as in Scotland. We are bidden to Edinburgh as .the guests of the Lord Provost and Corporation, and are supposed to be allotted to various hotels. Now there does not seeis tomany of us any very great exercise of hospitality in the corporation voting a sum of money out of the rates and taxes to entertain themselves and their friends as well as a body of colonists. No private individual puts' his hand in his pocket for one single sixpence to buy uts a dram. In this respectkthere is a great differ ence to our reception in Dublin. The Lord Mayor of Ireland's capital is a comparatively poor man, but he entertained us at a magnifi cent ball and 'banquet at the Mansion-house. Every member of the Dublin Town Council and recepltion Committee vied with each other in. looking after individual .comfort. They might be Home utlers, Nationalists Fenians even it hea r-a.?.--.r. .....- -onuse own soil they sustained the character of hospitality adid wairriiheiirtedness-for which the Celtic race is' rnowned. At Edinburgh we are billeted out i(t' various. hotels, are okrdred about hither aiid' thither like a party of wild Indians being :taken to Washington to see the sights. The head-quarters of the reception committee is at the Waterloo Hotel, and the insolence of the, offidlials and servants there is very annoying to some Australian ladies. I 'am lucky in that I am located at the Clarendon, which is a small place, but high-toned, where I am very civilly waited upon. This is where all the noblesse of Scotland hang out when they visit Auld Reekie, and I find the place full of lords and ladies and baronets, and other small fry of aristocracy. There'is no bedroom for me, but I sleep at night in a most gorgeous apartment, with the most magnificent sur roundings, for they put up a bed.for me in the. centre of the large drawing room. I like tosee pictures and statuary, and irticles de lire et de vituic; all rou!id me, and I feel some thing like a Rothschild'or a Westminster, or. a Mackay. I 'do not: think any Australian millionaire ever evolved2su'ch a'dormitory. I am lucky. But it is really a disgrace to Scotch organisation that ndany of our party for instance, Mr. Daly, of Melbourne, and his \- family-at midnight had not got rooms, and I did not know where they wotild ibst. . On our arrival we hl ehl asqtuare iealoin the • - : "; 2 :.' , ? o , ' ,?" " " girad "hall of tlie" Wath'rloo Hot'e;'liciiiily ' one of the most beautifully decorated dining saloons in the world. I know'of few places I to beat it. But, for myself, I can do with' t less frescoes and better attention when I am v feeding. Then drags were in readiness to e take us to the Exhibition, through which we I were to be personally conducted by the com mittee. Half a dozen of us were run into at reception room, Ihaving charge ofa St. Kilda h lady.whom we all greatly admire and respect, C and the chairman fixed us with his glittering f eye, and received us to what the Scotch call the International Exhibition. Major Walker of New South Wales, now had .a chance of saying a few words, and availed himself of it. 1 !'hen we marched through long lines of spec tators to view the Exhibition. We had a right hearty reception-the buildings at every part were thronged, bit the utmost order was kept, just space enough for couples to walk in. Cheer after cheer, and individual ex pressions of welcome, " God bless ye," " Will a ye no come back again," " Welcome to you," and others quietly raising their hats as we a pass. I never knew till now what a bore it t must be to be n prince, and have to respond a to the salutations of the populace by continu ally taking off one's hat. From what we see of the Edinburgh Exhibition, we are pre pared to speak for its being one of the very best in the world. I am not sure that it is 1: not more iriteresting than that at South it Kensington. As regards the art galleries, the doors of which have been locked, and iq which we have space enough to view the surround ings, I am ..certain that the collection of pictures here is as good as any we are likely to 'see in the whole world; and, financially, this undertaking will be much more success ful than that at South Kensington, which it 1 has run closely in the numnberof visitors, and t as it is worked by private committees, with out such a number of paid officials as there I is at the Colonial and .Indian Exhibition, the result, in the end, will be far more satisfactory. The portion of -the Exhibition representing r thie streets of Old Edinburgh, with the old I booths and signs, and "' chapman-billies," is in itself a show quite equal to anlything in South Kensington. Up in the morning early, we were all bidden to breakfast together at the Waterloo Hotel. I preferred to take mine quietly in the Claren- a don, and to pay= for it. Then we were drafted t off into mobs, to see the sights of the 'town. We had been joined by many of the colonists 's just come over from Ireland, the Sydney con tingent strongly represented. We are all t pleased to see DMr. Bennett again amongst us. d lam put into a drag with visitors from beyond b the seas whom I know not of, and; escorted o by Bailie Russell, we are taken to Holyrood a and through the old.town to the Castle. c' There is no doubt that Edinburgh is, I will 4 not say the most beautiful city of the world, but very near to it. Edinburgh and Oxford h are the only places which:I have not been B disappointed. .Prince's-street here is, I think, t] the grandest thoroughfare in the world. The I magnificent buildings on one side, the gardens b and the castle crowning the heights of' the ii old town, with the Calton-hill in the distance, ii capped by Nelson's monument, form alto- t gether a coup d'wil the like of which one will a not see elsewhere.. Prince's-itreet. possesses h monuments which especially attract those d who believe in paying respect to the great n victors of peace. It is -true that we have t here an equestrian statue of the Duke of Wellington, which some Australians admire I until I tell them that it is as nought beside t the great statue of George Washington in the Capitol grounds at Richmond. . But there f are greater than the conqueror of Waterloo f here. The Sir Walter Scott memorial is i known all over the world, but beside the tri- c bute to the wizard of the North we have statues to Black, Wilson, Allan Ramsay, t David Livingston, and Sii James Simpson, s the celebrated surgeon. In the latter one sees a strong resemblance to a gentleman still I living, and who' is noted in the medical pro- h fession. Intellect is honoured in another t magnificent thoroughfai-e;,George-street, in a t statue to Dr. Ch:almers. The Burns Monu- an ment is on the Regent-road. 'The effigy of the Ayrshire ploughman is seated under a cupola, a copy of Lysicrates' at Athens. As his mother said, her son asked for bread in his life, and in-his--death they gave him a stone. But that they honoured Burns so much as they also honoured the great ones of literature and science is counted unto the Scottish people for Righteousness. - No other nation in the world.has done itself so. much credit in this respect. I admire and love the Scottish race on this account, if" not on others. Our guide, Bailie Russell, is a gentleman of an iconoclastic turn of mind. He is, how ever, one, above all, who knows what not to show us. Holyrood is reported to be of great historical interest. There is no doubt that it is so, but in itself it is not so pie ruresque as Warwick Castle or Belvoir Castle, or many other mansions of England. There is a picture gallery which contains 100 yards of painting, portraits of the kings of Scotland all of which, as Bailie Russell tells us, were done by one iand. Lord Darnley's rooms and Queen Mary's apartments are very in teresting from their associations. The supper room in which Rizzio was surprised with the Queen is, in fact, only a small closet adjacent to the bedroom. When one sees the locale one begins torealise that Darnley had grounds for his suspicion of his wife's fidelity and only executed a sort of Jeddartjustice. The dark.stains pointed out on the stairs, which are said 'to be the blood of tile Queen's favourite, do not arouse much emotion in our .minds.. Her Majesty. Queen ,Victoria sometimes occupies apartments at Holyrood, but this is a new quarter of the palace, fitted with every modern convenience, and to which ordinary visitors are not admitted. We drivefrom the ancient palace up the Canon gate, a thoroughfareas different from Prince's street as it is possible to conceive. The houses, many stories high, are like those which are seen in parts of Europe, but not in England or Ireland. Thenumber of families living in one of these tenements is surprising. Evidences of the large population are to be seen in the washing hanging-but to dry from every window. Soiled sarks fluttering in the breeze are not exactly picturesque, but the attempt at cleanliness is commendable. We visited the University, the Museum of Science and Art, the old Parliament-house, and St. Giles' Cathedial, viewing the spot where John Knox preached and Jennie- Geddies threw' the imcutty stool at the preacher. Murray, Hamilton, and thegreat Marquis of Montrose were all buried in St. Giles's. In St. Giles's, too,there is a beautiful stained glass window, shbowing John Knox preachiug and the assassination of the Regent Murray. There aue modern' monuments, tablets in broinze, to the memory of the' Higlhlinders who fell in the'Soiidin. The-dozen or so who wer lkilliez dia ction,;or diea eofli?rwoufnds or :fever, are all perpetuated- privates as well-as officers.. This shows the spirit of the time:' "All lsouls" are. now honoured, as' well as" all saints and martyrs." Theprivate soldier is not lumiped together, as of old in a Roman triumph, with " the unknown dead." From the Cathedral we go to the Castle through the streets where the ghosts of history haunt us with the memories of Cavaliers and Covenanters, and bad kings and bold re formers. Edinburgh Castle was one of the strongest fortresses in the .world. From its battlements a view is obtained that is unsur passed anywhere in Great Britain. I must say that it is much more interesting than Holyrood. The chapel of Queen Margaret, the Saxon wife of Malcolm, who died 800 years ago; Mons Meg, the oldest piece of artillery in the world; the regalia room, where one sees ,the crown of Robert Bruce and the Royal-Jewels which 'the people of Scotland, as our guide tells us, would not allow to be taken out of the country when the Stuarts ascended the English throne; and Queen Mary's room, where James I., of England was born, are all highly interesting to the stranger. Our guide, a disabled soldier, who wears the Victoiia Cross, fur nishes us with a piece of information which is entirely new to me, and has not yet found its place in history. But a very short time ago they-were repairing the wall near Mary Stuart's roomu, and they came. upon a -small box used as a coffin, which coitained the bones of an infant wrapped ia! a shroud, on which were the Royal arms and the letter '"J." The general in command of the Castle ordered that the body should be -returned to its place and bricked up. An offence against the laws appears to have been thus committed, and I imagine that the nearest coroner should have been advised, and an inquest been held over the baby. Whose was it? How did it die! Why came it there I One of those mysteries which will never be solved till the graves give up their dead i There are more recent historical, souvenirs in Edinburgh Castle, the dungeons in which numbers of French prisoners were- confined 'during the great wars at the commencement of this century. French names are scratched on the stones, and the place is shown where some undermined the foundations and descended the steep rocks in anatteinpt to escape. The spot is also shown where the -other day a soldier of a Highland, regiment, confined in the guard-room, managed to make his way down the wall and through a narrow em brasure in the rampart, dropping down the cliflt and so to the Grass -market. He got away to America, and wrote and gave his colonel paiticulars as to how he escaped. When we look at this spot we recognise that under different conditions this man would have been the leader of a forlorn hope. Major - , who- accompanies us, regrets that such a fine fellow is lost to the service. But'Edinburgh Castle has yet mysteries to be solved. There are passages and cellars in it, bricked up and unused, in which interest ing discoveries might be made. At present the Seaforth Highlanders are in garrison here and the officers in their parti- coloured trews have a rather comic singer appearance, which detracts from their military bearing. A number of these soldiers are being drilled on the ramparts,and I notice that their physique generally is not -what it was in olden days. Besides Mons Meg, the Castle is now defended by some eighteen- pounders. But they dare not fire off a large charge of gunpowder, for fear the old place would tumble down. Be fore the days of gunpowder this castle was impregnable. ' Now it is of no account ex cent as a barracks. After lunch, the pilgrims are invited either to Hawthornden or Rosslyn Castle, or to in spect the Forth-bridge"vworks, or to pay a visit to the Earl and Countess of Rosebery, at Dalmeny Park, it having been announced that his Lordship and the Countess will be at home to us from 3 to 6. It is not by my-own will that I go to Dalmeny, but I.am not only bid den thither. by a Queensland lady (and I can never resist Queenslanders), but by two American ladies connected by marriage with Victoria, whose behests I am bound to obey. We cross the Water of Leith, which revives memories of the other Dunedin in Maoriland along to the Cramond Brig-as beautiful a villageas orie will find ii the world. A c iarm ing drive this, but disfigured by one blot the number of beggar children who. run after our vehicle, with their incessant cry " Drap a penny ! drap a penny !" I described Dub lin as being, to a great extent, made up of beggary -and bigotry. On -my word, I am inclined to think that Edinburgh is as bad. If it has produced great men, if nobleminded citizens like George -Heriot errpcted hospitals for the reception of the. poor, if the present general .hospital is one of the triumphs of the liberality- of the citizens, still, in the past, in the monuments of the martyrs one sees the odium theologicum reigned here as bitterly as in :any part of the world. There are evidences that it has not vanished, and the barefooted children in the streets, in fol lowing us along the- road crying out for cop pers,showthepoverty of thepeople. Whether the Englishmen and American tourist throw ing away money indiscriminately has caused the Scottish children, who should know better to become mendicants, just in the same way as the" have a dive.'buaina?, - roads are thronged with little beggars. Dal meny-park is. magnificently wooded. The house itself is an old one, with no particular claims to architectural beauty. It stands on a rise, overlooking the picturesque Firth of Forth. Close on the shore there is a newer house, with a stone balustrades in the Italian style. I imagine thatthis is principally occu pied. In thislatter place there is a good lib rary, in which the present head of the Prim roses cultivates his mind with the contempla tion of a statue of Carlyle. The little Prim roses greatly raise the admiration of the ladies of'our party. Really; they are the prettiest children we have seen in Great Britain. My Lord Roseberry, more than ever, in his facial expression, reminds us of what George Coppin was in his youth; and I cannot help thinking that, like the latelessee of the Theatre Royal, he possesses'many qualities Which go to make a consummate actor. From the park we drove to South Queen's Ferry, passing the old village of Dalmeny, where there is a beautiful old Norman church more than 700 years old. Here Ifind associa tions of Melbourne, for. in thi&\--parish of Dalnueny one sees the gravestonoies.of the an cestors for many generations of M:r. W. H. \- Glen, of Collinu: street.. Queen's Ferry was so called aftei Margaret; wife of Malcolm, who. always crossed the Forth here on her journey \- from Dumfermline Tower to Edinburgh. :But Queen's Ferry will:be known in the present day as the site of the great Forth-bridge, one in the world, about one and three-quarter miles long, .extending in' two spans from Fifeshire to Midlothian,the 'central support being on the little island rock of Inchgarvey. This will cost some millions before it is finished, and it affords employment to some thousands of workpeople. It will save many miles detour by Linlithgow and Falkirk in the journey to thie North.' 'All the railways both English and Scotch, which connect to gether in Edinburgh, have joined in paying the cost of this bridge. The visitor to Queen's Ferry should not leave, if .possible, without -seeing Hopetoun-house, the seat of the Earls of Hopetoun, one of the grandest places in the kingdom. From its elevated- grounds itover looks the Forth, and the whole stretch 'of country from Stirling with views of the High lands, Ben Lomond, and Ben Ledi: Not far from here, also, is Dundas Castle and Kirk listone. But if I commence enumerating the places of historic interest or those with pictur esque vantage-grounds on the Firth of Forth, I shall not have any time to chronicle the banquet tendered to us by the Lord Provost of Edinburgh' in the hall at the' Waterloo Hotel at night.' " We acknowledge fully the kind greeting which is shown to us by everyone in Edin burgh. Here they are accustomed to popular demonstrations. Her .majesty the Queen often visits _Scotia's capital.:. Its inhabitants are brought-up, as it-were, to look upon -vlai tois as shows.-- We are cheered heattil.;;an,_l I hope that the inhabitants derive some amuse rnent from inspecting us. It-would be very ungracious, indeed, to cavil at any of the acts of our entertainers. It would be very ungracious-to, as it were, look agift horse in the mouth. But as I have pointed out before, the Lord Provost;-: one of Gladstone's now bironets, and the Bailies, do not themselves spend one baubee in our entertainment. The everyday peoplein thestreet, indirectly through the city rates, are our hosts as much as the Provost and Crnmrantion 