FICTION. The Son of his Father. By Mrs. OLIPHANT, Author of ' The Chronicles of Cabmngfobd,' ' Oliver's Biude,' ' Madam,' &c.; [THE RIGHT op TRANSLATION IB RESERVED.} Chapter XX. — LOND'ON. He had eaten, for he was hungry, and ham and -bread and butter are not to be despised when nothing better is to be had. Even, which was curious to his state of mind, he had eaten largely, 'putting up before him tho railway book . which he had not read on his journey, and going on uncon sciously with his vigorous youthful appetite. This, the first act of liis solitude, was by no means so disagreeable, as be had proved. It increased his personal comfort, for he had eaten' scarcely anything all day, and- -the increase of his personal comfort annihilated everything- When hehad finished, he carriedonc of his candles: to a small table near the window, and-sat dbwn there and read on, finishing his book, which had interested him. When he had closed it and laid it on the table, the 'realisation of all the inconstancy which returned to his mind was not so heavy as the first time. His heart began to spring up again after being crushed under the foot of fate. It' began to throb and tingle with the thought that he w in London, on the border of everything that was most living and desirable. The little forms of interest of his story increased the effect by soothing away his personal fhisery. ? And now, as.he sat in the little silent room, something came to him -which he had been .conscious of all along, without knowing what it was, sound continuous, like the -far-off sound of the sea, or of the wind,, but subdued, ^as though the storm was -far off, a. sound which, 'now that he was fax from the claims upon his mind of his lowered bodily condition, became more and more apparent, filling the air with an uninterrupted murmur. What was it ? He sat up and Hfetened, and then with an excitement which made his heart jump he recog nised what it was . It was London J had no . not read in many a book of that great low volume, of , sound . which some people described as the sound of many waters, 'and some as the distant roar of a tempest. It was soft here in tho Jit tie hermitage amid the strange solitude and silence, but rolled and murmured continuous, never ending. He perceived, now that he had noticed it, .from the first moment, that all 'along he - had wondered when it would stop, vaguely disquieted by it without knowing what , it was ; and now he knew that it would never stop, that it was the breath of tho great multitude, tho hum of their ^endless going on and on. J ohn sat and listened to it till it 'went to his head, exciting him like wine. He could not rest. The contrast of this little prison-chamber in which he sat, and all that was implied in that low, continuous roar and hnm of men, stirred his imagination moic and more. He got up and opened the window, and looked out. Opposite to Mm was the great mass of building, dark 1 against the sky, which seemed to oppress and stifle the neighbourhood, +nVi'g away the air j but outside of that, away across the river, where the world was, the hum, the roar, thecontmuousroliof sound, came stronger and stronger. It called upon the young soul which stpodand throbbed and listened. He had the habitB of his youth and innocence strong upon him — a sort of unspoken sense of' duty that restrained -him and kept him from following his own im pulses. It was not till some time had elapsed that he began \ to think it possible to obey that call — to. go out and see what it .was tliat gave forth that mighty voice. Wtien the thought entered his mind it fllled all -his veins with .excite ment. Should he go ? Why shouldn't he go? The word had been ''A to.him to bind him to remain where he was. ] It. was not to waste day and night shut up in -a dreary little 'room that he had come to London. He looked round upon ,the Vilnnlr gray walls, and found their bondage intolerable. It was like a box in which he was shut up. His brain and his veins seemed to be swelling, bursting with 'life that must have an outlet somehow. No, certainly, ho could not j stay there. Ho must have air and room to breathe ; he must see for himself what was ? meant by London. But John, even- in his excitement, was prudent. He put away his watch — which was not the one Mr. Egerton had given him, but the old dear silver one, the one that had no value i at all and yet so great a value. He was aware that iu i London the natural thing was to rob a countryman, to take , his watch from him. He would not expose his treasure to such a risk; but when he had laid that away lie felt with confidence that there was nothing .else to lose. They might hustle or knock him down, if they could, but there was nothing else they could do to him. ? Nevertheless, it was with something of that warlike exhilaration with which a struggle iB foreseen at his age that J ohn buttoned his coat and took his hat. He felt that 'they' (though he had not the least notion who they might be) would not have an easy bargain of him. , He went out without even bang remarked. So' Where are you going ?' 'When will you come back?' to impede his liberty. That fact also went to his heart a little. Ho haft felt his loneliness very forlorn — now he felt it exciting, exhilarating. He set his hat finnly on his .head, and drew j a loug breach when he felt the fresh air of the night, so different from that of any parlour, encircle him with its coolness and vastness. That, -too, has an intoxication in it whicharaything that; is young acknowledges. Theair may be sober in thft nipixung* — it is like wine at night. Tiie darkness has a mystery, a magic in it — the. lights twinkling through it— the world made into something ideal, in which wonders- and miracles are. John stood still for a -moment at the door, realising that he was there, that he was un shackled — his own master — and then, drawn by the quiet voice that called and tailed him, he turned his face towards the distant blazing of the lights, and set out— to discover that new world. . To discover London ! how many do it everyday, with hearts beating high, with hopes immeasurable, which so often collapse and oome to nothing, or mean nothing; but this is not the time ifor moralising. John set out. His way began in the darkness of this little street, with its little houses, faced by the quiet, sombre shadow of the hospital, which shut out the air from it and the sky. He plunged into the darkness at first, making his way between rows -of iTiaignifiMiiit buildings, with a feeble light here and there flonhiTijr its faint, illumination, and then, with a great sweep of fresh air serving him, came out upon the bridge. The sky was full of the charms of spring, though there was no moon. The river flowed dark and silent below; faintly visible further up the stream in pale streaks of reflection comes, which would rise a dark' and ghostly shadow of something floating, a barge, a heavy blackness in tho middle of the faint light; but lamps blaring overhead, the glare of gas, and «nri there the chill, contradictory, artificial wave of the electric light 'swearing' horribly, as the French say, with all the yellow lamps around. The murmur of sound grew and grew as the hoy went on i it was with a rhythmic roar as of waves beating against, a shore, or the rush of a prodigious waterfall, a great moral Niagara, bigger than any physical falls, however gigantic. It was made up of the sounds of carriages of every descrip tion, -of voices, thehnm of the crowd constantly broken by some shrill interruption of a cry or shout, which gave emphasis to the grand, continual, unfailing current of sound. He hurried along, quickening his pace, led by it as if it had 'been a syren's Eong. On the other sideof the river a great, noble mass of walls and towers rose against the night. He guessed what it was, and his heart beat high. Then suddiaily he was over, he was in it, in the very-crowd itself, aaucng the thunder of the carriages, the perpetual ?movement, of the passengers, the very heart of London, he thought — even in awe, holding his breath — of thewarld. Was that Parliament? He got as near -as ho could andwatched the carriages, the heads appearing at the windows, men in whose bands was the fate of the world. John felt as if hehad some band in it all as he watrhed them dashing up to the doorway, sometimes cheered with a merry liro-of remark volleying abaatfrom the voices of the crosuL It. was all so unusual tkalhe could scarcely make out at first what the people said about him, and when he understood the words lie did not understand the aTtowons , not knowing who the members were or anything but that they were members, and. therefore surrounded with- a halo : of wonder and interest. Presently, one of the men stand ing near began to perceive his ignorance and curiosity, and: to offer explanations. But John was not so simple as that, , he stud to himself. He knew that the danger of London was to listen to people who expressed^ themselves benevo lently towards'you, and wanted to give you information. Ho withdrew accordingly from that spot, and by and by, feeling that there were still other worlds beyond, left this scene of overwhelming interest altogether, promising him self that he would look up all the prints in the shop windows, and so learn to identify the members himself. That dark shadow to his right hand was that of the Abbey. He hold his breath with awe, but he was in no mood for the silence and darkness. He followed the roar, and crush, of the crowd through a dark, hard, vacant street or two, until he emerged into another kind of blaze and din, into the tumult, and bustle, and noise, and commotion of the Strand. Here the shops, the lights, the wild confusion of traffic, the hoarse cries, the flare and glare, and riot, the wild medley of life, the wretched figures in squalid groups, the gentlemen passing with dress-coats under their over coats, the ragged and shouting vendors of the newspapers, the crowds rushing to the theatres, the other crowds that hung upon their steps and importuned them with unne cessary services, ended in turning altogether John's young and unaccustomed brain. He was hustled by the ceaseless stream of people rushing past him in b.oth ways, coming and going, and after awhile felt himself like a straw upon a river, carried along without knowing where ho was going, tossed into a corner, seized agaiu by the stream, Bwept away breathless, with a strange pleasure and wonder, and disgust and incomprehension. He was doing nothing but gazing, looking on wondering where they were all going, what they all meant, what need there was to hurry so, to shout so, and yet he felt as if he too was living as he never before had lived all his life. Strange delusion; an older man perhaps would have concluded that here was no real life at all, but only a fan tastic, half-conscious dream. Half the people steering along were doing it by no will of their own, but only be cause of the treadmill action of habit., which made them . fancy this wav of snendinar the evening the natural thine: . to do, and that to go somewhere, to do something, a6 they said — that is, to frequent noisy places in which the depth of dullness was touched, yet where rampant folly extracted a strained laugh — or to bustle out and in of swinging doors, and exchange jests at bars, and rub shoulders with crowds, coming and going — was life. It was life indeed to the poor hangers-on a wide of pence or sixpences, to the poor hawkers of miserable merchandises, to the servants of the crowd. To them it was fatigue, cold, disappointment, .weary waiting, miserable snatches at recompense, eager greed, and accumulation of gain ; hard, perhaps, to poor little children in squalid rooms, sometimes stout or whisky at the street corners — at all events, a mad yet horriblcex istencc, the only one of which they were conscious or capable. The more wretched in 6ucb scenes have the advantage of the two. The newspaper boy, the girl with her poor basket of faded flowers, the hundred other rascals of the crowd are real in their poor, work and competition. It is their masters, the lords of creation, who are the ghosts. John, driven hither and thither by the currents of passen gers, happily was as unaware as a woman of the darker and more horrible dangers of the streets. No squalid, .grim smile for him ; he hid. not understand that more possible depth, But the confusion and the noise, and the strange contrast of pleasure and wretchedness, the carriages passing, with pretty glimpses of white figures bound for the theatres, the groups of the ragged and miserable on the pavement, the whole resounding, conflicting, moving world, gave him a.sort of intoxication, so thotlic scarcely knew what he was ubout, or where he was. He had got in front of one of the theatres in the.midst of a crowd more noisy than usual, the pavement encumbered — poor and squalid' spectacle — with men shrieking their wares to sell, and pushing books of words, into the carriage windows, the confusion of cabs and carriages greater than ever, when John was suddenly roused out of all this phan tasmagoria to something real. As he stood gazing, his eyes suddenly fell up&n; a group at the. entrance of the theatre, a man with a tall, slimy hat, and coat buttoned up to his throat, with a woman somewhat fantastically but poorly dressed .on his arm. They were standing to see the poople get out of their carriages, with looks somewhat wist ful, as if half curious of the pleasure they were bent on. The man, who was tall, inspected the ladies with a smile half patronising, half satirical. But the wife looked pathe tically, wistfully, with an envy which was not bitter, nor bore any trace of unkindness. They were standing close together, rapt in that sight. At the woman's feet was a child, holiting last by her skirts. While the parents gazed, something caught the eye of the -little girl, a flower which somebody had dropped out of tho window of her carriage. The little thing made one springj while the absorbed attention of her parents was fixed upon the play goers, and secured the prize out of the mud of the Btreet, but not before the prancing horse of a hansom, drawn tiack suddenly on its haunches, was dashing its hool's. into tho air over her head. There was a universal shriek and com motion, in the midst of which the mother put down her hq^d instinctively but tranquilly to grasp the child. Then, finding it absent, she gave a wild cry, and turned round with arms wildly waving, facing the crowd. John took no time to think. He was the nearest, or thought himself so, and he was pushed forward by the shrieking crowd. He flung himself on the child, caught it, tossed it back to somo one— he could not tell whom— but lcll forward with the impetus. He felt a sharp touch on his head like a knife, and then no more, till he came to himself with the sensa tion of a crowd round him, and of cool applications applied to his head, which seemed to grow under the hands of someone who was leaning over him. ' It will be nothing, it will be nothing,' he heard some one say ; and then, ' A wonderful escape,' ' ' it might have killed him,' in differ ent tones. It seemed to John at first to have been but another scene in that bewildering phantasmagoria through which he had been walking. W hen he opened his eyes lie found that he was in an apothecary's shop, which was crowded with people, forms everywhere tilling up the window outside piled upon one another. Close to him stood actnan in the tall and very shiny hat. John caught in it the reflection of the great blue end red bottles in the window, and burst into a feeble laugh. ~ ' Gently, gently, you're all right, but there's nothing to laugh about,' some one said. ' Where am I,' said John, still fascinated by the reflec tion. 'My dear young gentleman, you have done a heroic action- Ye'vc behaved like a hero. Ye've saved me child,' Baid the man in the hat. ' Now stand bade. Let him have plenty of air. Try if ! you can stand,' said another voioe. John stood up, but felt faint and giddy.. It seemed ridiculous in a few minutes to change from the robust village youth who feared nothing, to a creature whose head seemed to swim independent of him, aud who could not steady himself . He caught at the arm of the tall man to support himself. ' That's right, that's right, me noble boy, ril take him home with me. The child is unhurt, me young hero. She's waiting out o' door with her mother, who's longing to embrace ye and bless yc. Come, if s but a step to my humble door.' John was not quite clear about this address, but he was glad of the tall man's arm on which he could lean, and allowed himself to be led awayina. dazed condition through the crowd, .followed by the woman and the child, who was still crying with fright and excitement. The mother happily neither embraced nor blessed him, but hewas so dazed that he scarcely knew what happened except ihat «he looked at .him anxiously, with troubled eyes. He was glad of tho support of the man who guided him very kindly fora little ' way through the crowded street, then suddenly turned down a quiet one. Here the waft of. a purer, colder air upon John's face brought him to himself, and. he wouldhave drawn his arm from that of his guide. ' I can go now,' he said, ' thnnV you. I'm myself, now ? ' *' What, let you go like tins — the saviour of my child's life — when ware close to our humble door? Never!' said his new friend. 'Maria, go first and light a candle — you've got the key ? ' And presently John found, himself, after stumbling u^- several .flights if stairs, ina roomhigh up, very shabbily, ^nri lyaiwlj famialiai^ where there was a glimmer .of tire, where he was not unwilling to sit down and rest, though hie senses had come back to him and he began to recover from the shock. While ho sat looking round him, vaguely wondering with bis still slightly clouded faculties where he was, and wondering if perhaps he might have fallen into some of the traps he had read of, the couple talked a little in wbispers behind him. Was it of him they were talking? Were they consulting together what to do with him? lie smiled at himself even while he half enter tained this thought. Then erne innocent word came*to his cars which made him laugh to himself. It was 'sausages.' John in his most suspicious mood, in the deepest alarms of the country lad, could not suppose that they meant to make sausages of him. The. sound' of his laugh startled both himself and the little group behind him. The wbman hurried away, and the man came forward with the grand air which Bat so strangely on his evident poverty. *' Ye laugh, me young friend,' he said, 'perhaps yo overheard our consultations how to receive ye, our young benefactor. It is not much at present that is in Montres sor's power, but what we have is at your service to the last sou. I am not an ungrateful, though ye see in me a fallen,' man. Did yc see the crowds at that theatre door ? Young sir, a few years ago it was to see Montressor those crowds ? and there were more, more ! than are ever drawn now— that those crowds flowed in to boxes, pit, and gallery, and not a scrap of paper, but all solid money throughout tho house.' . John but dimly understood, but yet had a glimmering of what was meant. 11 Are yon Montressor he said. * } Montressor lifted liiB hands, in one of which was still the shiny hat, to heaven — or rather to the low smoke-darkened ceiling which was a substitute. ' The downfall is indeed proved,' he said, 'me young friend, when you have to ask that question. The portrait was once in all the shop windows, but now ? ' The arms were raised again, and then Montressor put down his hat and drew a chair towards the waning fire, which he poked gently and with precaution. ' If she's to cook 'em when she conies in we must mind tho fire,' he said, falling into a more familiar tone, and raking together the embers with a more careful and experienced hand. ' Ye find me, young gentleman, in a small apart ment that is kitchcn and chamber and hall, as the song says. What does it matter to a lofty mind s'longs ye find honour and a warm heart of gratitude there ?' ' But, indeed, I think I must go,1' said John, with tho timidity of his age. ' I feel all right now. It was only just for a moment. I feel quite steady, and 1 think I must go.' ' Not before ye have tasted such hospitality as I have to give ye, me heroic boy. The saviour of me child must not go from me doors without a 6ign of me appreciation— with- out a bit of supper at. least. Maria ! arc ye couie at last? And here is our honoured guest that say6 he must go. Come, child, and bid ye're deliverer stay.' - ' Wait and take some supper,' said the woman with her pathetic look ; 'it will be a pleasure to us both. It's not late, and you needn't fear; you'll get no harm.' . ' Harm !' said her husband, ' from you, me loVc, or from Montressor? No, he will get no harm, whatever a brutal message of designing critics may say. Thank God, Maria, corrupting the young was never laid to your hus band's cliargc, mc dear. He shall see that conscious virtue is not ashamed of humble offices. 1 will prepare the table -while she makes ready our food. There iB nothing deroga tory in that, me young friend. Look at Mrs. Montressor if you would sec one that is superior to every fortune. She has had her cooks, her housemaids, her governess ; she had driven in her own carriages, and wore silks and satins. And now yc see her preparing to fry the sausages.'- Aad which is the first office — the last, sir — for she's always a lady— a perfect lady — whatever her occupation may be!' . John did not feel called upon to make answer to this. Ho sat in a half dream of wonderment, while all these domestic arrangements went on in this strange little interior, where all was so new and extraordinary to him. How had he got there? What sort of a place was it ? What kind of people were these ? The curious serio-comic character of the epi sode did not strike him as much as it would have done an older spectator, but the hissing Of the sausages on the fire, before which this unknown woman stood, her wistful eyca fixed upon the. frying pan, while her husband, with hiB lino language and fine sentiments, laid the cloth upon the table behind, were too strange, too peculiar, too ridiculous even', for ho was hungry again, and there was a sort of warm friendliness in .the air, that comforted his young, childish soul — too comfortable, not to affect the boy. He felt a sort of pleasurable disquietude and alarm and embarrassment. He ought to go, he felt, but he was shy and they were tired, and lie did not know how-to get himself away. Presently the child who was the occasion of it all, and had clung to her mother's skirts at the time, pulled a stool towards John's feet, and sittiug down by him began to pat his leg with soft little touchcs. 'iJia it nurt mucn,' sue saia, '.uiatbig horse's foot? I called mamma and it was you. What made you get hurt for a poor little girl like me : ' What made him. It was God, Edie, to save you to mother, and God bless him for it,' said the woman, turning round. _ ' It was a heroic action,' said Montressor, ' it was the act of a hero, me child. Your saviour will always be to us a noble youth. Me young benefactor, as yet we do not know your honoured name.' .?? --»?- *«»- John paused for a moment. He never could tell what curious impulse possessed him. Perhaps it was because ho was in a new world of his own discovery, with which no ono else had anything to do. He said with the blood rushing to his face — ' My name is John May.' When he heard his own voice his heart gave a great leap and throb, but whether it was the feeling of one who takes a false name, or of ono who for the .first time claims a true one, he coudd not toll! The act which was almost involuntary filled him with an excitement which ho could not explain. 'May!' cried Montressor— ' Maria ! what did I say, that there* was something in the countenance of this noble youth not unfamiliar. 1 knew a May once — 1 have notfor getten him. Me young friend, you are like that companion of my youth — yes, you are like nun: I felt it from the first. He was the kindest, the dearest — but misfortune fell upon him. Ah ! shall it be that the blood of our friend runs in your veinB?' »'&? ' Montressor,' said his wife hurriedly, ' this young gen tleman can have nothing to do with the May you once knew. It is not a thing to be talked about, that connection. You know what 1 mean. There is not the slightest likeness, not the least possibility— for goodness sake, keep you to your self, aud .think how impossible. The supper is ready,' sho added iii a lighter tone. ' Come, Mr. May, a little food will do you good, though it is neither rick-nor rare.' Chapter XXI.— SUSIE. John did not- leave his new friends till late, and when he did so he felt quite well, nay, more than well, in a state of elation and satisfaction with himself and all the world. The pain from his wound was quiet. It had not been bad at any time. The shock only was what had affected him. Now he remembered it no more, except that his hat, when he put it on, presseda little upon the place, which was only half hidden by his hair. Mrs. Montressor had assured him 'that it would not show ; but John did not care whether it showed or not, he was, indeed, rather proud of it, vety willing to tell how it came about, and the whole Btory of his adventure. Ho had supped with pleasure upon the sausages, and ho had shared with Montressor a steaming drink, hot and strong and sweet, which had made him cough at first, but which gradually had brought a glow of comfort over him. He had been a little afraid of it atfirst, nTid lind not taken much ; but he was- quite unaccustomed to anything of- the kind,, and it mountedto his head at once, filling 1''' with ceaseless elation, satisfaction, exhilaration. He felt pleased with himself -and everybody round Km. Montressorhe thought a capital fellow, and listened tohim with ndmimtuwij and Mrs. Montressor was awfully kind, and the little girl (whose life he had saved— at first he had not allowed them to say this, but now he acknowledged the fact with pleasure) was. a dear little girl. _He hadnever enjoyed himself more. He was delighted with the adora tion, and felt that this waB indeed life. He might have spent a whole century in Edgeley without meeting any thing of this kind, lie gotawayat last with difficulty, joo mimng to come back. That is, Montressor had tried keep him longer, and John, to teU the truth, had beenno stall indisposed to stay. It was the woman who had urgea his departure. She had -given a great many hints ; «ne naa -given John ? a warning look while her husband got ap fetch the butler to make more of that steaming odonferouB drink. She. had even whispered in Ms-ear to go ; tnw was time to go to bed, and half offended, yet half approving JShn had obeyed. 'But none the 'Ices' he thought her awfully VitwI, and Montressor a capital fellow. He could ? 'not leave them hisaddreBs, far the good-reason that he did not know it, though he felt sure that he could find his way back ; but he promised, with enthusiasm, to return, to keep up a friendship «o auspiciously begun, to hear more of . til Ann -nmnflwfiil stories about the theatre with whioh his ilew friend had delighted him. 'With what smiles arid ? ^shaking ofhands, and promises to come back, he 'got him self away; stumbling a little in the darkness as bo camo ..down the stairs, '-getting out into the night with that sensa tion of lightness and swimming in . the head, with that elation in his mind which was indescribable, which had ?come he could not tell how. The air from 'the' river blow ' in his face again as he came out; hut he knew^ that he could not there get on to 'the embankment, which would . have been pleasantest way. He paused a little to think it over, what would be his best route, and concluded that he must get back to the Strand and follow the road which had ''brought him here as well as he could, hoping 'to recognise 'Hie different places he had passed, and tho bridge by which ho had crossed the river. The Strand was as tumul tuou3 astcver; hut he paid riruch less Attention 'to it. He had ?passed that £rstian(l ordinary stage. The streets! He felt that he knew a little more about London life than was.con . in ihe streets. He no longer allowed himself to be -pushed hither and thither by the throng, but elbowed his way in the boldest manner like a person, he hoped, 'to the manner born, with that delightful-sensation of -manhood -and experience and -satisfaction -with himself, it was as if. he had wings: to .his head, like a classical personage. It seemed to soar and float, and carry him along. He could not hejp feeling that he had made a fine debut in life, and jumped over a great many preliminaries. He -was j already 'in the swing' he felt. To be sure his new friends were poor ; but' that was a mere chance, aiid they i ' might be rich again to-morrow. /Montressor was not only ?a capital fellow. He was, byhis.own showing, a man of genius ; and wbata thing to leap ina moment, onhisiirst : r step .in London, into the intimacy of such a man. Of course, -ho was a Bohemian; but everybody knew that.i 'Bohemians were tho most .amusing class; that all artists belonged, more or less, to it; that it was sausages and j porter one night with them, and thenert truffles and cham ' 'pngne. Notwithstanding the pleasurable -sensations with which John: set out on his walk, it was no small business to gefc , home. Nothing could be more confusing than the streets, ihe corners which he seemed to recognise, arid then 'felt ' that he had -mistaken the curious windings of the way, the impossibility of distinguishing one from auother. Ho seemed to himself to have been walking for hours, much vtumbled and knocked about, -but serenely indifferent in his ? '? chappy state tofanind, : whon he became -aware of the great ? mass'of -the Houses of Pariiamcnt rising againstthe^skyof .night, which jiow was full of -stars and soft-calmness* and the bridge leading away, from all the noise and crowding into finrlrtiPRg and quiet. He .scarcely paused this time to ' lode at the carriages coming and - going, but passed -it by with a pleasant consciousness tliatthere were other centres of existence almost as -important as that of Parliament. He knew nothing really about Parliament beyond what «verybodv knew, beyond ' what 'was in the papers every morning; but his head -wasbuzzing -with anecdotes 6f the great people sof the drama, the 'stars' whom Montressor. knew,' and -among whom1 he himself had figured and hoped ; -tofiguro -again. The names of' these distinguished persons rustled confusedly through the boy's brain. He almost felt \- that. he had been supping with them, hearing all their wit. -What a, fine thing to have come so .near that brilliant sphere on his very first night in town. And Montressor ..had promised him tickets for the first night on which he ahamd himself assunie . the leading .place to which he had been accustomed. ' ' A box, my dear young gentleman, .to which you can take the young ladies of your family,', that '*- high-minded individual had said, 'for you will «ever -see 'the name of ? Montressor in any playbill ''when 'the performance is not 'fit for 'a refined ( 'female's 'eyes.' John 'found 'this phrase delicious as it came hack to hisnrind— ' a refined female.' It was like 'Pride and Prejudice* ' he-6aid to himself. But at that moment he name-in sight -of the great hospital looming up against the: sky, . and its shadow fame upon him like— like what ? like tho shadow .of death he would have said in a ^graver mood, like a wet blanket he said in his levity. But even the levity sank when he perceived that ,tho lights were .veiy faint in the . great building, and . that along the row of . little houses opposite, so far.as he could see, there was but 4)ne point of light, and that a very feeble one. Then for the first time John began to think that this new and delight ful experience of his might havo a very different aspect * 'from another point of view. All was 'veiy still in the little street. If he had to knock -to rouse' the landlady, the echo would carry, ™ he thought, ever .so-far, would penetrate the '|-ig walls opposite and wake the sick people, and disturb Msomo other Blcepers. Hew should he explain himself? Tho first night, that-which made the experience so delight ful, made it also rather dreadful from the other Mdc, for ?how could he make it clear to her that it was the first time ?he had ever essayed the adventures of the streets ? His ; heart failed him as he drew near the house, and indeed he was not quitexlear about tho house, among so many others -exactly the same. \- His steps as he came along made anoiso upon the pave ment which frightened him. He thought confusedly of the ,Btep stumbling along the street in the Tillage when the f.public-house closed, And how the. old. people, if by chance , they were up so late, would shake thoirJieads. He seemed ,to himself ito stumble, tho little interval of dulled sound when those late passengers took the- softer path along the garden wall; 'then the sudden sense of sound when they arrived with a swerve and lurchupon.the bit of pavement. Good heavens ! Might people inside their houses hear his \--«teps and think the same ? For it seemed to him that he, loo, stumbled 'and swerved and swooped along the pave ment. This, 'however, was but a momentary chill, he said .vlohimself. What did it. matter? Hewas all right; there was nothing to be said against him ; and with an attempt tocall up the elation of mind which had nearly worn out, and a step which was jaunty in attempted-carelessness, went «n. The jauntiness, however, was a little marred by the . ?i necessity of examining the houses to see which was his own. They were -«o horribly like -each other1! John did not \- ::know how to ^nake himself see ' which - was the right one in 'the imperfect shining of the few lamps and : under the shadow of the hospital . ; He went past the lighted window, and thenreturnedagain. 'Someone, he thought, was look ing out at the edge of the blind j but then no one could be looking out forhiin. A door opened softly while he was trying to find some ' difference m the houses which he couldrecognise/and then ca voice -more -soft still-whispered, ' John— John Sondford ? Is it Jolm — He turned hack 'with a thrill of mingled alarm arid relief, 'aid-at the same time a quick dart of contradiction. 'I'm John — John May,' he replied', with asudden con sdasei impulse. ' Is this the house ?' *' Oh, come in. Oh, oomein. You don't know -me. Pm -Susie. Oh, John, John, where have you been ? I have 4wen waiting for you' for hours. Oh, John!3' She had polled him into me little parlour where one candle was framing, and looked -at him strangely, with a look of terror und distress. 'She threw 'her -Arms round his neck, then ^drew hack without kissing him, and cried -again -in a tone -of -reproach,' ' Oh, John 1 ' ' Whatis it!' he said. 'Are you Susie? What is it? J wentout for a walk. Idid net know-anyone was coming , to-night.' She stood iookingat him fixedly. She hadtaken off his hat, and the ^plastered -cat which 'Mrs. Montressor said -wouldnot Show showed, atos, -painfully, -upon Mb fore 'hcad, though half covered by the ruffled, hair, which by :half concealing made it appear greater than it ;was. He caught sight of himself at tho same time in the little glass 'over the mantelpiece. He was very pale, his hair -very 'TOuCh -ruffled by the wind, his shirt a little disordered^ the bathing of his wound, his coat improperly brushed by 'ttaMontressors, showing still some signs of a' fall, and in 'his eyes a sort of wildness which he himself saw, hat did not understand. ''What is the matter with you, ^Suae P— if it is' Susie. Why jdo/youlook at me so? 'what have I done? llo&t; my way, and I -am .'dreadfully tired,'' he -added, sitting -down,tsuddfinljr falling intodespondency asgreatand cause-' less as his-elationhad been before. 'WbereiweveyOTibeen? ''Y«u!ih«ve'ibeen in a— row, or something. Oh, John, John. I came ruBbing Bogtadpso glad to sec my brother. Oh, I've looked for you so long, 1 and -to find you like this, like this, at last:-' and rslie covered her eyes with her hands. I' Like what?' he said, feeling his lips stammer in spite of himself, hie voice thick. ' I dont know what you mean.' She uncovered her eyes and gave him nlook — such a look — of love and pity, and horror.and dismay. 'Oh, John,' .-she said, Oh, .John,' as if all- reproach and -nil tenderness, and everything that the heart could say of blame and for giveness a#d heavenly pity, were in ' that utterance of his name. . ' , _ He knew nftbing of that which put-warning arid misery into, her cry. ?? Na -ono had ever warned him , no one had en lightened him. The facts wore all absent, yet something, of the feeling in her suddenly stricken and aching conscious-, ness camo.into his. ' I don't know what you mean,' he Baid again. '' You think I've been in something wrong. It isn*t true. It's very, very strange to have to : defend myself '? tho first time I see — the veiy* -first night ? ' ' Yes,' she said, with an echo in her voico which made tiie words seem like the : very climax, of despair, 'the first night!' ' She has put you against me,' said*J6hn. ' She !— you mean ? Oh,' cried Susie, turning upon him in sudden indignation, ' you may think. you are taking his part calling .yourself by that name, putting yourself , against us; but he never, never did that. He knew all along, j and always acknowledged— always acknowledged ? It was John's turn now to question. 'He asked: 'Who do you '.mean by -he?' in a hurried, choked voice. T-hen Susie came suddenly to herself. ' We -have enough to think of without going to old, unhappy things,' she said. 'Oh, John, I've had such hopes of you. 'I've thought yon were to -make up for -everything. We've nover gone near you .to disturb yon in your life. Mother said it was better so— to leave yau with the old people, where, all was so good and quiet, and harm was not kno.wn— that was what she Baid. Oh, how often we've talked of you, John; and when she told me you -would not have her for your mother, she said there was nothing else' to be expected,' and that it did not matter so long ias you .oscaped the curse, so long as you were kept g-|od — so long. And now ! ' 'The curse,' said. John, awed, confused, overcome. Things began to come to his mind dimly, vaguely, turning to perhaps another point of view. ' And now I suppose this is the very first timie you have ' ever been free,' said Susie, in- a tone of despair, wringing - her hands. ' The first night in London — where you* came with your heart full of grief, and no evil thoughts — oh ? worse ! mother said so. But the very first time you go out, the first time you havo the chance, the first night— oh, it is cruel, cruel, the first night. Oh, John, John, John.' i ' What have I done P' 'There was no elation -about him now. His serenity of soul was^ono, and all the floating visions of pleasure and assurances that this was life. He half understood . what she must mean, because he felt what a difference .had taken place in him, £nd how* ridiculous his -thoughts iof ?half 'an-hour ago began to appear. ' You come in late,' she said, '' very late. You have a .cut in your forehead; you have mud on your coat and your knees. You've fallen somewhere, and been .hurt. You come in quite jaunty and gay, and then before 1 have said anything almost,' ytiu Bink down and -don't know what to say.' Almost!' he aaid,-with a scornful intonation— almost nothing meant everything that could be said or hinted, it seemed to J ohn. He had never known before what domes tic altercation or faultfinding was. It was the strangest novelty in his life. The old people, perhaps, wouid have been anxious too. They would have asked liim all about it —they would not hove liked him being so late. But how ' -different their indulgent waiting for the explanation from this sudden indictment, so full of implications which he -did not understand. -The Houses of Parliament, and the bustle of the Strand, and Montressor, with his stories, might be new, but this was more, still more strange to him. And yet she was-so unhappy that John could not resent it. He had gradually coine buck to himself, to the boy who had never been misjudged, of whom nobody had ever suggested harm. His good sense returned with his recollection. After all, he had done nothing to' be ashamed, of. He thought of the steaming hot. drink which hod made him wince and cough, .and then had made him feel so much at his case and -self -appreciative. If that was wrong, it was all that was wrong. He collected his faculties while he sat thus silent, looking at his sister, Us sister whom he had always thought of so tenderly, but to whom now it seemed he had brought such cruel .disappointment. How was it? it seemed to him so false and unreasonable that he could not understand how it could be maintained. And he was not angry; this #avc him an immense -advantage, he thought— not angry, but only astonished more than words could say. And then he told her. the whole story from the beginning to the end, with a tone of apology which surprised himself, but which did not convince her, he saw. And yet there was nothing to apologise for. Jt was a good thing, not a had, he had done. He bud saved a child, if perhaps Montressor had made too much of it ; -still, it was not a had action to throw one's self into the middle of the street, to pick out a little unknown child from under the horse's [hoof. He had no reason to be ashamed of it. He felt his breast swell a little with involuntary self- approval as he went on. No, there was nothing to be ashamed of. The cut on his forehead began to hurt him a little as ho talked of it. ' He had not taken time to think of it. But now when he did think of it at hurt, and he felt a little prick in the consciousness. And then there was the Montressors. Well ; he did not know anything about them to be sure, but they had been very grateful to him, and he had felt shaken, not very able to walk, confused in his head. ''You should have taken a hansom and come home,' -said. Susie. 'You might have known we should be anxious. 'If you had done that, All would have been well.' And she shook her head at the stoiy of the Montressors, listening with silence to all he said. John heard his voice grow apologetic, though he did not mean it. They were Vinfl people, ihey had been very good to him, why should he apologise for that? But yet his voicc took this tone. When he had done, there was a silence, a silence which was full of disapproval. Susie sat -with her head .on her hand. - slip mud nothing, she did not even look at him. The pain : of his first alarm was over, but her mind was not satisfied. After a while she rose, and going up to him. put an arm round him. 'Promise me, ahe; said, 'dear John. Oh, Johnny, Johnny, my little brother that I have always longed for. Piomise me it shall not happen again.' -' What shall not happen again F' he shook himself free of her, with an irritation .which was as new to him as all the rest. ' What do ..you mean? Promise never to pick Tip a. child .under the horse's feet; never to make acquaint -ancc with anyone that is kind; never to ? . What do you mean ?' ' ' Oh dear, dear bey,- what shall I say ? Don't you know what I mean ? John, it's-that we're frightened for, mother and I, it brings everything that's hMl with it. It is destruction, «»h it is nothing knight, I know ; ,it may be quite 'mownt to-night, But it's -never innocent, for it's die bringing of all harm. . John, it is that- that brougkt -all -mr trouble hpon vs, imd you -should he more careful than anyone, for you've^ot it in your veins/' -'What?' he cried, almost with violence in Ihe: crape ration ^fhisstml. But ehe made no reply. 'She gave him a look ihat was 'full of meaning if he could have read it, and stooping over him kissed iiim, on the forehead. 'Then with a sigh Left that painful subject, whatever it. might . be, and proceeded to occupy hersdlf with Ihe little details of his rooms bis comfort. ''You have never unpacked. your things,'' she said. ''Give me your 'bags and I will do what I can, though it is ' too' late to do much to-night. If you'had stayed in and unpacked your things, then we should have, luia sufch a pleasant evening together. 1 came over as soon as I could get away, and oh! how disappointed I was -to 'find you gone. But neycr mind. 'You aid not think of 'that, how should . you?. Perhaps you 'had forgotten 1 Susie ^ altogether, you were so nttle when .you went i *?WhywasI sent away? It would have 'been 'better, 'far' better -never- to 'havepaKedj' -Ettid'Jtihn,' and then'he added, '1 never forgot you, Susie. I think you haven't changed much. . I remember you all this time' You stood at the door and cried when I went away.' 'And many, many a -time after,' .she said, looking up with tears in her eyes. 'Oh, many a -time; I missed you so. Oh, Johnny, perhaps you were right. We should have known -oil the things to guard against, while grand father and grandmother ? ' ' No,' said John. ' I am wrong; it would not have been better. They were happier to have me. I am glad they had « child till their death to love them, not one like Emily, but me ? ' He stood up, -looking not like tho boy she thought him, hut like a young indignant angel with his head raised, and his nostril quivering. Susan took the woman's part. She began to wonder at and admire 'him, and- to feel herself in the wrung, as indeed she was. 