Social. Fashionable Wedding Costumes. — At the re cent marriage of Mr. H. C. .Bonser, M.P., and Miss Mabel Brand, in Streatham, near London, the bride, who was given away by her father, wore a dreES of white Duchesse satin, trimmed with point d'Alencon. Her jewels were diamonds. There were eight bridesmaids, who were attired in costumes of white silk, trimmed with crepe de chine. Each wore a pearl and diamond bracelet, the gift of the bride groom. Among the wedding presents was a diamond broach from the Conservative agents of Wimbledon. At the marriage of Captain Gordon to Miss Eose limes, in Sonfch Kensington, the bride was conducted to the altar by her father, and was attended by six bridesmaids. She wore a costume of white silk, the bodice being trimmed with Venetian point lace. The skirt was draped on the left Bide with white embroi dered china crepe and on the other side by clusters of natural orange blossoms and white roses. Her veil was tulle, surmounted by a wreath of orange blossoms, fastened by diamond stars. The brides maids wore dresses of white embroidered cashmere, trimmed with swansdown. Pabtt in- Sydney.— Dr. Harman Tarraat, M.P., and Mrs. Tarrant have issued invitations for a party on April 27, at the New Masonic Hall, Sydney. ' # A.O.F. — A meeting of the Court Old England of the Ancient Order of Foresters was held in Punch's Swan with Two Necks Hotel, on March 31, when the following officers were elected for the ensuing six months : — Chief Banger, Bro. T. Woods ; S.C.E., Bro. James Johnson ; Treasurer, Bro. Stephen Punch ; Secretary, Bro. J. E. West, and some minor officers. The auditors met in the Swan with Two Xecka Hotel, on Monday night, for the purpose of auditing the accounts. Sro. T. Woods presided. E..A.O.B. — A meeting of the Grand Lodsre of the English Banner, E.A.O.B., was held . in Edmunds' a City Wine Vaults, George- street, on Monday night. The Grand Primo, ' Sir' W. Peg-rum presided, and among those present were D. G. P. Dickson, ' Sir ' Joseph Eadley, ' Sir ' Stewart Hogsflesh, ' Sir ' John Thompson, Grand Secretary, Primo Stead, and a number of primos. It was decided to open new lodges in the Goulburn district. Some bueiness connected with the minor lodges was transacted. A Scubvy- steicken Ckew. — Thus the London Lancet : Four of the crew of the Medusa, owned by London shipowners, were admitted into the Seamen's Hospital suffering severely from scurvy. The ship had been about 150 days on her passage from Coco3 Island in the Bay of Bengal, and during the voyag-e every member of the ship's company had suffered more or less from scurvy, whilst one seaman had died and was buried at 6ea. It may be enggested that he did not die from scurvy, but as his lega presented the large discolorations characteris tic of the disease some two or three dayB before he died, and as shortness of breath -was his most prominent symptom, we may fairly assume that it was probably one of the usual pulmonary complica tions of severe scurvy that killed him. The crew lived on salt beef and salt pork of variable quality, and bread that toward the end of the voyage was bo mouldy and weevily as to be absolutely un eatable. For some six or seven weeks after sailing eight pounds of preserved meat were served up one© a week, and divided among twenty men — i.e., two fifths of a pound per man once a week. The lime juice ia said to have been excessively sour. It is quite exceptional for us to record in late years that four men have been admitted into one hospital with this disease from a British ship, and we hope that the Board of Trade will not stop at merely sending a medical inspector to inquire into the circumstances. There cannot be a doubt that great neglect or care lessness must have existed in provisioning the vessel for the homeward voyag-e, and it is most unjust to the crew that the question of responsibility should be quietly allowed to droD. Moemonism. — This was the subject of a lecture delivered in the New Masonic Hall on Monday even ing by Mr. C. E. Jones. High as anticipation may have been whetted by the fame of Mr. Jones as an orator, those who heard him must have found in his fluent and pungent style a considerable margin for satisfaction. With the ingenuity of an experienced lecturer Mr. Jones arrested the attention of his audi ence hy the judicious application of some amusing stories of the devices of Joe Smith, the founder of the Mormon creed. Like all who aspire to the pos session of divine inspiration, Joe sought to impress believers and sceptics in his power bo walking upon the water. The time arrived for the performance of the miracle. Joe was ready, but before beginning: the task he explained that it was not only necessary that he should have faith, but all present mast have faith in his power or he could not do it. A show of hands was taken, and believers and sceptics declared that they had faith. ' Than,' said Job, ' as you all have faith in my power, it is no use tempting Provi dence.' On another occasion Joe announced that the Holy -Ghost would descend on his head in the form of a dove. At the time for the display of divine recognition, Joe entered the pulpit and said, ' Tbe Holy Ghost will now descend,' ' but no dove was to be seen. The announcement was mads in louder tones a second and a third time. Still no dove came. All eyes were turned to a trap door in the roof to which Joe had been directing his gaze, when, instead of a dove, out came a darkey's head, and with it the announcement: — 'Massa, I guess that Holy Ghost ' buBineBB won't como off to- Say. The cat's eaten the pigeon.' These were strange things to take place before civilized people. But strange things did take place in those days, as instanced in the case of an American justice of . the peace, who, in performing the marriage service mid : 'Those whom God bath joined together let no man burst asunder. Suffer little children to come auto me. so heh- tout God.' ' Although it was so easy to get married* th«y must also remember that .4 divorce conld be obtained if one's -wife had cold feet. Mr. Jones went ou to speak of crimes perpetrated by Mormons is order that the predictions of Joe Smith and Brighato Tbnn£ might be fulfilled. He aaid teat, there never w»a a creed advanced which was Jmpported by each base devices as the Mormon religion. The history of MormoniBm had been a disgraceful and deplorable burlesque of religion. ' It degraded women to tbe level of heaats, made men the outcasts of civilisation, end was a libel on the sacred ccuae if jnaKea *nd truth. No Government -was worthy of the nwBwjrbieh toler ated within tie sphere of Ha power mtoh rfroeciMoi AOcialdeDravitTM Mormonim. - - 