BORDERLAND. Bv MISS JESSIE FOTHERGILL. Author of "Kithaxd Kin-," "PboratiOx," " The First Violix," &c.;, &c.; Chatter X. — The Process 'of Annealing. Soon after breakfast thoy separated as was their wont, Roger and the doctor came and went as usual, but the November afternoon had grown to darkness before Michael returned, looking palo and fugged from his long ndo and hard day's work. Taken ns a whole, tho patients in and around Bradstano were not a vciy prolitnblc set. For one rich old lady like Miss Strangfortli, said Dr. Rowntrce, liugcring ou ns a chronic invalid for years — always want ing attention, nnd always profoundly grateful for ull that her physician's cither did or failed to do for her, nnd paying her bills with a cheque by return of post — for ouc treasure like this there were a dozen farmers' wives and daughters, or sordid, unlovely poor iu Bridge-street, calling upon tho doctor with a frequency aud per sistency which they would never have dreamed of if they hud possessed either the means or the retention of paying him. Others there were, cottagers, laborers, living at immense distances over had roads, and oxpcctiug a great deal of attention in return for very small fees— any- thiug but a profitable clienthle — and somo of theso Michael had been visiting to-day, lie came in, picked up a uoto which lay on the hall tablo waitiug for him, which ho looked for ns if ho expected it — his dark faco lighted for a m -incut as ho took it, for tho liaud- wriling was that- of Magdalen Wynter — put his head iu at tho library door, remarking, " I'm wet through — change my things — down directly," nnd ran upstairs, shutting his bed room door after hiin. "Whuta spirit!" cried tho doctor enthusi astically. " What a spirit ho has I Ho'll get over it yet." " Better than his brother will, I think," said Roger, half to himself ; aud then, gazing into Published by special arrangements with the author All rights reserve tho fire, he wondered what Gilbert was doinrr and wished, as ho had caught himself wishing more thau ouce that day, that Michael could have seen his to answer that noto of Gil hcrt's differently. By-and-by tho gong sounded. Roger and the doctor went into tho dining room. Michael was still upstairs. The soup had been served nud he camo not. ' "Go to Mr. Langstroth's door aud sav every, thing will ho cold and wo are waiting for him," said Dr. Rowntrce to the serving maid who did ns she was told nnd presently returned' speedily followed by Michael. Roger gave a sharp glanco at him, and thought he carried his head very high— higher than usual. " Sorry to keep yon wailing," he said, with an affected, jaunty air, not iu tho least like his usual manner. "I quite forgot how time was going on. " Ho laughed as ho spoke, aud said he was ravenously hungry, but offended the doctor greatly by scarcely touching what was set before him. " What do you mean by saying you aro ravenous, and then not eating anything ?" he asked crossly. Michael laughed, a nervous, forced laimh, and replied— " Oh, 1 must have thonght I was hungrier than I really am. I can't eat anything now. These long rides take it out of a fellow in such away." "Did you have lunch at tho Brydge's ?" "Yes. Tliey have quite a lot of people staying there. That was ouo reason why 1 was so late. After lunch< went with Turn to the stables to see liis liew hunter. It is a beauty, too." J' Roger sat silent, mislikiug the unusual volubility of Michael's speech and excuses. Michael himself, iu the mean time, had gone off on a new tack, and was describing his adventures at n farmhouse ou tho moors, and tho exfraordiuary symptoms enumerated by tlie mistress ot it as requiring his advice. Dr. Rowntrce, pleased to see that Michael was what he called " plucking up a bit," did not no tice nuything forced or unnatural in his man ner. Roger s forebodings grew every moment darker, aud he was thankful when nt last they rose from tho table nnd went into tho library. Ou their way thither, however, he happened to touch Michael's sleeve with his baud, aud fouud that it was wet. " Why, -man 1" exclaimed he, "yon said you were wet through, nnd you have got on the identical togs that you came in with. What an ass you arc, Michael I" ho added gently. " Go up stairs and change, right away, or you won't get to Balder llall to-night." " I'm not going to Balder Hall — I think not," said Michael wearily, as he let Roger push him towards tho stairs, upwhicli he began slowly nud aimlessly to climb. "There's something wrong — something wrong — something wrong," kept ringing through Roger's miud. " Ami something more than I know of." Michacl'swooni was over the study. Roger, listening intently, hoard hint go into it, move about for a moment, aud then all was quiet. He sat with n hook iu his hand, and waited till his suspense grew almost to agony. At Inst he could be quiet no longer. lie went up stairs nnd knocked softly at Michael's door. lhere was no answer. \V lien he had tried onco or twice again, lie opened the door and went in. The caudle burned on the dressing-table. Michael was in a large old easy chair by the bodsidc, his head sunk on his breast, his eyes closed, and an open letter drooping from his right hand. " Still in those wet clothes," muttered Roger. " He'll kill himself." He went up to him, and touched him on tho shoulder. Michael awoke with a start, aud looked confusedly urouud him. " Roger ! " ho said. " I'm so sleepy. I don't know what's come over me." He seemed to seo the letter lie held, and went on, in an abseut way, " Wasn't it rather too bad of her not to wait till sho had seen mc ? So long — it's three years since I began to wait for her and work for her. Bat as soon as she heard the first whisper — well, I did write and tell her what I'd done, and said I would go up and see her to night, you know — yes, to-night. But sho never wuitcd. She flung mo off," and he threw out his arms. "Sho made haste to do it, She must have boon glad to do it ! There's something in her letter which says so. See 1 " He held it out to Roger. " What a lot of dis- ngreoablo things you've had to do for mo lately ! " lio wont on. " Good Lord ! how tired I am ! I never was so tired iu my life. I can't imagine the reason of it." Roger, deferring for a moment his intention of innkiug Michael go to bed, stopped to read the letter, which ran : — " My Dear Michael,— " I received your letter this morning, nnd I am sorry to 8ay I cannot approvo of what you liavo dono. Even before I got it I had beeu thinking for somo time about onr engagement, and wondering if it had ever been a wise one. During these throo days that you have not been here, 1 havo had ample time to consider the sub ject. Even if nothing further had happened, I should have written us I now do ; but I do not disguise from you that the manner in which you havo yourself cut off every prospect of advance ment strengthens my resolution. These things nro best done promptly. It saves paiu to all concerned. " As there is now evidently no prospect of our being married within any definite time, I wish our engagement to cease. I ccsirc this botli on your account aud my own. In addition to tho reasons already stated, I do not think it would bo for your happiness to continue it, aud I atn quite sure it would not ho for mine. I shall bo glad of a lino from you when con venient, to say that you consent to my proposal J and witli overy wish for your iiappiucss nui prosperity, " I remain, " Your sincere friend. "Magdalkx Winter. " There's a specimen of elegant composi tion I" exclaimed ' Michael suddenly sitting up right, aud laughing harshly. "It could not liavo been more proper if sho liad written it at school, and the head governess liad corrected it. What a blessed thing it is when people know their own minds, and can command plaiu English in which to make them known ! Only it's a pity that they should tako three years to learn what thoy do wont, or whom thoy don't waut." Ho gavo a disngrooablo little laugh at his own pleasantry, and then rose. " If you'll go dow-d. Roger, I will now change theso things, and join yon directly. But it's luckv I need not eo to Balder Hall, for I fed more and moro tired every Wo Take off your things, by all means," said Bogcr gravely ; "but you must not comedown. you must go to bed." ,1 To bed 1 exclaimed Michael contemptously. (i A man go to bed because he's had a long ride in the wet and cold, nnd finds rather a chilly letter to greet him on his return 1 X am not SBBut,n as lie spoke, strength seemed to forsake iiis limbs; ho could not stand any more, bat sat down again in the chair by the bed- £i<" Perhaps Asfcam is sitting with her now. i suppose they will bo married," lie said, be traying in his sudden weakness what his secret fear had evidently been. " Perhaps' she will keep him straight. He needs it, and she has a spirit, though I know Gilbert and my father never thought so ; and " Here he began to wander in his talk ; was shiveriug and shaking with cold one moment, burning hot the next. The thorough drenching which he had got after leaving the Brydges'and riding for miles in the teeth of the bitter wind and rain ; the excited condition of his brain over Gilbert's treachery ; the reception of Magdalen's letter, with its icy, unyielding e„oTsm, showing him that all these years her own advautago was what she had been tliiuk- jnir of, and that there was not a spark of love for him in her dull heart ; — these things broke through even his magnificent health and strength. Ho could not shake off the physical chill any more than he could the mental pros tration. ' An attack of a tedious, wearing low fever reduced liiin to pcrfcctvphysical weakness anil docility ; but far worse than the fever was the accompanying mental gloom, the result of the shock to the nervous system. The young man, shut up in his room, too weak in body to move and shake off his demon visitant, went through all the horrors of a completo nervous break down, aud made intimate acquaintance with all its attendant crow of ghastly shades — those pallid ghosts which assemble aud gibber and mouth at us when we have so imposed upon those hard worked servants, nerves and brain, as to havo rendered them for the time powerless to answer to our imperious demands. Exhausted, they sink down, and say to us, » We can no more," nnd then we aro nt the mercy of every slindow, every whisper, every vain imagining and thought of horror. Michael Langstrotli, with his superb Consti- tutiou and youth and temperance to back hiin, and with the devoted nursing of two such fricuds as Bogcr nnd tho doctor, was in the course of n few weeks restored to comparative strength. Gradually, the shado aud ghosts, the bats aud owls that haunt tho dark places of the human mind, retired before gathering physical strength. Things wero gone that could never he restored — hopes, joys, faiths, enthusiasms ; things which had onco seemed all important appeared now almost too insignificant for notice. Under Hogcr's eyes was tho process accom plished which in his blindness no had long ago wished for liis friend. Ho was made into a man ; going into tho valley of tho shadow a youth, for all his six-and-twenty years, his boue and his muscle aud his brain ; coming oat of it alive, sane, whole, if weak, but stripped of every supcrfious hope, confidence or youthfulness. It was November when he wont to his room that night ; it was tho very end of December when he carno out of it, a hollow-eyed spectre enough. Aud it was a month later still when Dr. Ilowntrco carried him down to Hastings one day, returning himself tho next, and leaving his adopted son there to recruit. So ended Michael Laugstroth's youth, as a talc that is told. Ciiaiter XI. — Onto's Lettru Bad. A November morning, five years later. The sky grey and brooding, tho trees still aud leaf less. Everything outsido betokened the drear season ot tho year, aud oven tho trimly kept lawns of Thorsgarth could not give brightness to this mood of nature aud tho time o' day. Within, m a small room which he generally used for breakfasting, Otho Askam stood on the hearthrug, with his burly back turned to wards a large fire. A letter was in his hand, to which he seemed to pay more attention than it was usually his habit to give to his corre spondence, for ho turned it about, and perused it often. What aro the changes which five years may have wrought in his traits, or how many of them have bccomo strengthened and accentuated during that time ? lie would seem, outwardly considered, to have gained something, both in breadth and solidity, without having in any way weakened or deteriorated. The Hues were as sturdy, as burly as before. The expression of his coun- tenanco was distinctly imperious, even more imperious than of yoro. As ho stood there, tho letter in one hand, the other impatiently smoothing the hair on bis upper lip — a dark lino only, whicli seemed to acccutuato tho sul- leancss of his face, without hiding or softening a singlo harsh trait or feature — as he stood there his countenance wus a dangerous looking one , the expression or atmosphere whicbyadiatcd from tho man was not that of siuccrity. Iu repose ho had tho old fierceness of expression — whatever mental or moral chnngo might havo taken place, that old look rciuaiucd ; nnd when he raised his dark eyes and lifted his head, there was the samo breathless, hunted, or hunting lojk about bim, as in tiio days of his Ycry young manhood there had been. He was alone, aud bad just finished break- last. At his feet sat a dignified Skyo terrier, somewhat advanced iu years, aud witli tlio.seif- couscious aspect of a dog which 1ms long been jnado much of by human beiug6, so that at lust it lias como to feel convinced that all their actions, words and movements have somo re ference to it aud its (loiugs. It gazed up iulo Otho's face anil watched his gestures, and wlieu be spoko to it, it seemed pleased. Animals, even if they have that keen discernment as to the virtue or vico of tho beings by whom thoy are surrounded, witli which somo persons credit them, can conceal thoir likes aud dislikes, for their own purposes, quito as cleverly as the men aud women lliey livo with — at least, sop-, rusticated and humanised dogs, liko this highly educated Pounser, cnu. Looking out of tho window, ona saw tho drear season of the year plainly written upon tho outward aspect of thiugs. November, sad « ovember, but tho November of the country, and not of tho town. Iu southern places, anil more favored spots, trees might still be covered with itery autnmn tints ; but licro every leaf had dropped, aud upon tho black and soddeu- 'ooking boughs uud twigs hnug a damp, clammy dew, and tho grass was lioar and groy with tho samo. Tho sky was leaden ; not n branch stirred. From hero one could see where , the ground sloped towards the river, hut one could not see the stream itself. The room was warm ; the house was quiet ; tho master was vexed— so much was plainly to be read ou his face. And so much was audible from his lips too, as lie ejaculated in a wrathful tone— too"B-t!y folly — and a beastly nuisance, And the cuusc of his vexation, the letter he I , ,m band. It is easy to read over his shoulder, nnd follow the lines, as lie peruses it a third tunc, with the result, apparently, of in creasing his fir-t exasperation. , _ _ "Brinswell, L Dear Onio, — 'It is a very long time since you wrote to me, — longer than usual. As for your ever comiug to see me, I have loug ago givcu up that expectation as a wild delu sion. Are you 'busy'? Country gentlemen usually are, from what I hear ; aud from what 1 ve seen I should say they work very, hard to make believe they have more to do than they know how to imifinrrn "I wonder if you -havo realised tliati was tweniy-two on my last birthday ? I don't sup pose yon have ever given a thought to the subject. At least, I missed your usual kind re membrance of inc, oil tho occasion." " What the dickens does she mean ? I've never been in the habit of sending her birthday presents 1" ' ' Well, it is of no use wasting words over things. I wisli to explain my situation and in tentions to you. Since Aunt Emily's death, six months ago, Uncle Hubert has beeu quite broken up,, anil be doesn't seem to get auv better. It is a fearful loss to bim. No one knew — of tiie world at large, I mean — bow much, they were bound tip in each other, nnd how fearfully he misses her. After trying everything in the way of staving at home and keeping quiet, the doctors have advised u loug voyage and a complete change. It has been decided to close Brinswell for a year at least, aud he and Paul will set out on their travels in a week or two. I think they will visit Australia first, as they seem to think the loug voyage will do him good, and they talk about India uud America before they return — medicine for a troubled rniud. Poor Uncle Hubert ! He agrees to all, aud says he knows be is morbid. It seems to be thought very morbid nowadays if you have a grief that's past the healing for six mouths, oven though it be your dearest iu the whole world that lias goue from you. " I am not going with Uuclo Robert and Paul. If it had been u shorter journey, I might have done so. I should have liked im mensely to go to America, for instance. But this is different. Paul, of course, goes with him, because it would be outrageous to thiuk of his goiug alone ; but the doctor, and Paul too, say he should not bo surrounded by too many of his own family, as the object is entire chaugc. They both think it better for me not to go ; and I shall do as they think fit. It 15 very sad every way. j'Very sad, it is — so sad that I feel myself a little heartless, because I can't help beiug rather glad that I shall leave here, and at last make acquaintance with my own home and my own brother. You do not know how often I have wished to do so. I am glad I shall see my birthplace and my north-country home ; very glad I shall see you. And will not you 6ay you will be glad to see me, dear Otho ? It is years since I have seen you, nnd it seems unnatural that it should be so. Will you come down nnd fetch me, or are yon too busy 1 I propose to leave here a week from to-day, Let me know about it. " Thero is one other thing that I feci I must mention to you, which makes me very glad to be leaving here. About six mouths ago, Mr. Mowbray — you know, he is the rector of the next parish ; the Hon. and Rev. Percy Mow bray — proposed to me. Poor Aunt Emily was very anxious for me to marry him, but it was a sheer, utter impossibility. Poor Auut E ! Mr. Mowbray is rich, I believe, and of very good family, but I have never liked him, and I could not think of it for a moment. It was very painful to me to find how annoyed sho was with me, even to the last. Aud of course Mr. Mowbray ceased to visit here, though I had to meet him sometimes. Altogether, it w ill be a great relief to me in every way, to got to Bradstane for u time. Now yon aro ac quainted with all my reasons for wishing to come to you, and with ray plans too, for tho present. Send me a lino soon, ami believe me, " Your affectionate sister. " Eleanor Askam." Otho flung the letter upon tho tablo with temper. 1 1 Why the d — 1 could not she marry tho fellow ?" ho muttered angrily, looking darkly at Pounser, who slightly moved his tail aud elevated his cars with a sigh, as if ho too wondered why — why she could not have married the fellow. % " What could she wish for more ? A girl in her position ought to take the first opportunity that offers — good, of course — of settling herself in life. And I'm .-urc old Aunt Emily knew what sho was about. No one keener on family and money iu tho world. If she wanted tho match so badly, I'll go bail it was a good oqe. Of course she must marry — girls like her always must marry — and of courso she cau't go and marry n nobody. What a fool she must bo I One would thiuk she was not nil there. Not that I should thiuk tho pursou and I should have hit it off very well as brothers-in- law." Ho gave a short little laugh. " A thundering mistake, that will," ho went on within himself. " Such wills havo no business to be made." This reflection refcrrod to a clauso iu bis father's will, providing that Otho's sister, so long as bo aud she both remained unmarried, was entitled to a homo at Thorsgarth whenever sho chose to inhabit it. Iu tho event of his marriuge, there remained for her tho Dower House, which indeed was hers for her life if she remained unmarried — au old stone house in the square, not far from the Red Gables. " I can't stop it, I suppose. It is a beastly nuisance, if over there was one. As for going to fetch her, 1 shall do no such thing. Go nearly three hundred iuiles to fetch back some one I don't want ? Not II... And what can I do with her when I get her here ? Good Lord 1 why must women bo so stupid ? Such soutimeutal nonseuso 1 Because I am hor brothor— bah 1 Thero's that whey-faced Paul Stunioy, her cousin, looking as if butter wouldn't melt in bis mouth — she's known him all her life, aud ho has been far more of a brothor to her tlian I havo." Otho felt vindictive, realising what a grievous thing it was that he should have to be anybody's brother. " Tho goings on in this house won't suit her at all," he reflected, getting, more aud more savage the lougor ho thought about it. "It lias been a bachelor's house all these years, mid it has to como to something if I'm to turn everything topsy-turvoy for a chit of a girl like that. Dogs and horses and men, and tobacco and wine and cards — what wili she do amidst it all ? And what shall I do with her ? " He stopped muttering trom sheer hlankness of mind ou tho subject, still fiercely stroking his upper lip, till after a a time a look of relief! though of very ill-tempered relief at the best, came over his face as he thought — " I suppose I must go aud tell Magdalen about it. She'll be able to suggest something. I'll go this morning, before I answer this con founded letter. Whew — w — w !" He blew out a kind of ill tempered sigh, and Pounser wagged his tail in Yisible aud exceed ing satisfaction. Then Otho picked up another letter — short and, it would seem, sweet, to him at least, for his countenance relaxed visibly. " That's well. It will be rather a relief fo have him here if she coines. He knows what is the right thing to do when there arc petticoats on the premises. I don't." Then lie rang the bell, ordered tho breakfast tilings to bo taken away, and said he wanted his hnr.sa at, eleven. 