VICTORIA RACING CLUB. WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Tho annual Winter Steeplechase Mooting of tho Victoria Racing Club was held at Fleming- ton, on Saturday, under circumstances which combined to bring about a most satisfactory result. The leading club, with characteristic liberality, has continued to givo valuable staken in connection with this meeting, notwithstanding its resulting in a loss ; and on Saturday tho six events contested wero subsidised to the extent of £1600 by the Club, although on the bal&nco; sheet for the previous season the corresponding meeting was responsible lor a deficit approaching £300. Tho programme presented most attractive features, five events-out of tho six on tho cord being jumping races, which are more popular with the general public than any other contests connected with the turf, and the attendance was sojgood that at last it may bo hoped that tho libe- ralspirifcovinccd by the V.R.C. has been rewarded by the Grand National Meeting ceasing to show a loss. After the haze, which hung about until tbe middle of the afternoon, had cleared tho weather was most enjoyable, the atmo sphere being crisp and bracing, and of just tho nature usually associated with the idea of what steeplechasing weather ought to be. His Excel lency the Governor, accompanied by Lady Loch and a numerous party of friends, drove four- in-hand to the course, arriving before tho first race was started, niid although the appearance of the grandstand enclosure way not so brilliant as at a Spring meeting, it wafe more attribut able to the darker ctilori of I ho winter cos tumes than to the absence of ladies, who, on the contrary, patronised tho meeting in greater numbers than usual. Tbe Flemington course U-okcd at its best in a thick coat of winter ver dure, and amongst the improvements recently made one, which will oe appreciated at crowded moldings, is ihe formation of a raised bank along the back of the lawn from tho end of the stand to tho carriage paddock, which will ac commodate a largo number of people. Excep tion, however, must be taken to the style iu which two wooden stands are being erected for tho hillitos, the edifices being paltry in the ex treme, and altogether unworthy of such an in stitution as the V.E.C, yignor Zelxnan's Australian Military Band added materir.liy to the day's enjoyment, which would have been complete but for the wretchedly imperfect way iu which the Railway department carried out its. work. No fault could bo found with tho moans provided for transit to the course, but tho arrangement for return wero disgrace ful, and, owing to the absence of trains, the rucecoure platform was thronged by masses of people, who were compelled to wait for an hour before they could get away. When the trains did nvrivH from Melbourne they wero des patched by Iuspeetor Boll with the least possible delay, but it was nearly an hour and u half alter tho last race before a majority of the poopie reached town. The Victoria Racing Club have adopted tho system ot using numbered saddle cloths, introduced "recently by Mr. N. R. IX Bond, and on Satur day thu innovation iouud universal favor with the general public, who, as the horses pawed in their preliminary canters, wero able to dis tinguish them without having to toil through the frequently puzzling colors. Tho Maiden Hurdle Race, which opened tbo programme, resolved itself into an intercolonial contest between tho Ballarat favorite Sir Launcolot and Mr. Ox&nham;'s speedy gelding Markay, who wan almost as well supported as bin rival and conqueror. A number of people seeing Scobio on Argantnone, the fa vorite's stable coiupauioii, preferred her chance to tbat of Sir Launceiot, but tho circumstance which resulted so fortunately for Carey was owing to Seubie's inability to ride the favorite's weight, and not to mislead tho public, as many ill informed persons suggested. Sir Launceiot won from ond to end with so much in hand that the stable must have regretted not sending him for tho more important uvont instead, but Carey took a most foolish liberty" in allowing Mackay to run up to his girths on the post, and had the Now South "Welshman not been hampered through striking the last hurdle, tho By Hitrat. jockey .might have paid dearly for Ida folly, Tno fortunate start made by backers was followed by the almost equally decisive victory oi Wicklifib in the Muideu Steeplechase, for which ho started an oven monev favorite, uud won easily at. the finish froui Andy, who had attended him throughout the journey. The. success of two favorites, and tho withdrawal of Huntsman haishmod Sheet Anchor in the betting for tho Grand National Hurdlo Ilaco until at last- 5 to 4 was' difficult to obtain, and as tho Melbourne Cup wiuner was reported to have taken kindly to the hurdles his victory was generally looked upon as littlo short of a certainty. Tho race, however, like that- of last year, showed clearly tbat jumpiug is not tbo mighty Tasmanian's forte, as lie struck heavily twice, and the indomitable pluck which alone enabled him to finish third was clearly shown by the bruised condition of his leg on returning to scale. After his second mistake ho came again b-.-tween the abattoirs and theshoda with a brilliant run, which ho was, however, unable to sustain. The victory of Ocean was tho signal for a burst of applause from the ring, who, to a man, won by tho unexpected victory of tuo rank outsider. The wiuner, who last April ran second in Iho Hamilton Cup, was bred by the Messrs. Chiruside, but his pedigroo is unknown. Ferghson, who steered Occun, was also tho successful pilot of The Agent last year, and, as Corrignn, who n Saturday won the Grand National Steeplechase ouGame, rode VVyinlet to victory last season, tho double has been won in two successive years by tho same two jockeys. The South Australian, Ruby, ran a great mare, beating everything but the winner, aud Ditto went well for 2 miles, but Dura tion, who looked wonderfully well, could only carry bia heavy_ burden into fifth place. Tho Grand National Steeplechase brought out exactly . a dozen competitors, Game, who was in superb condition, being a strong first favorite. Mr. M'Culloch, who can certainly ride Lady Ashton better than any professional who has ever crossed hor, adopt oil unusual tactics with tho erratic Panic mare, keeping her in tlio roar during part of tho first round, and us usual she rau down her fences badly, Tho pace was made from tho first by Native, who was joined by LadyAsbtozi before iho first round was completed, tbo maro coming right through from absolutely last, and there after occupying a prominent position to tho final turn for homo, whore she was in front of all Game, however, had all through the chase been lying linndy, and after entering tlio straight fairly smothered his field for pace, and won without turning a hair, his condition, like tbat of Ocean, being snporb. Problem upset a great pot ou Fusilier iu tho Soiling liurdlo Race, and was sold to Mr. Gordon for £165, all of which goes to tho clab. The racing was brought to u conclusion with the Mile Flat Race, for which Thu Ghost was greatly fancied by the Caulfield division, but getting vciy badly away he made such a desperato run for tho lead up to tho home turu that he died away iu tho straight, being unable to sustain the effort, Duke bf Athbl, contrary to his usual custom, got oft with tho lead, and his victory seemed beyond douot until M. O'Brien, on Gardenia, 6al down on Woilomai's half sister inside tho distance, nud, discarding tho whip, rodu her houie with his hands, fairly outriding Brown, and achieving a mor.t undeniable triumph of jockeyship. The following are de- tails of tho running : — Majdkx IIl-eiu.u iuce. a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. encli, 1 ft., with 200 added. Tor all horses which have never won an advertised hujdlo race rr ateepleclioic. Horse which have turcr started in a hurdle race al lowed 7 lb. The second horse to receive 25 sovs. and tiie third 10 sort out o' tho stake; Three-yoar-olds to (carry 0 At. 71b.; 4ycarolds. 10 $u 5 lb; 5 and ti year-olds, und aged. 10 at. 12 lb.; in.ire allowed 2 lb., geldings 5 !»». (provided that no horse carrv lets titan D sL, in accordance with rule 153). AIkjiu two mile-, V. lUUey'i b g Sir Launceiot, by Kiug Arthur— P rales, 4 yra.. 9 st. 7 lb. (claimed 7 JU allow ance).. .. .(Carey) 1 II. Oxnilinra'i b g Muckay (late Silver Iviuc), aged, 10 st. (claimed 7 lb. allowance) .. ..(Mnlone) 2 J. Crlppi s brh liobart. 6 vru. , 10 St. 51U. (claimed 7 lb allowance) .. .. .. .. (M'Lcod) 3 T, Kaghlcn's br m ArgonUtone, 0 yrs.f io «r. 10 U .. (Scobie) 0 W. Undcllffo us ch g Aristocrat, 5 yrs., 10 sr. 7 lb. ..... (M'lvor) 0 T. Coffey's br g Pyrrhus I., aged, 10 st. 7 lb. (Floyd) ,0 T. Coffey's ch Joey, 4 yrs,, 10 st (Cree) 0 G. Ghtsscork ns br g linrhnil, 3 yrs., 9 st. (claimed 7 lb. allowance) (M'Gowuu) 0 Betting : ft to 4 against Sir LmmccJoi, 5 to 2 Maekay, C to 1 Sarlmtl Punctually to lime Mr. Watson lot toe Hug fail to a good >iurt, Pyrrhus I. beiiu fastest on hjs feet, followed closely by Muckuy. At Uio first jump Muckay and Pyrrhus I. rose together, with Enrimil, Arjptuihono, Joey and Hobart following -in (hut Older, Aristocrat being last. Joey then put on a belter pccc. nnd was first romid the tarn, followed by Earfmtli Sir Launceiot, Pytrhus L, Hobart uud Mnciiay, und Aris tocrat lust. -Coming up tho straight KarJmiJshot to tho front and wns tho first to clear tho obstacles facing the stand, und Joey fell back, Pyrrhus 1. being second, followed by tho others, all well up. Along tho side side tlie order was Karlmii, Pyrrhus L, Joey, Sir Lumcelot, Hobart, Argnuthonc. Mackay and Aristocrat. A little further on Mackay began to increase lib pace and pr..v.d Arganthonc, but at the neat hurdle l»a struck heavily with hb hind feet. No change took piacu as tbe horses raced along thu back of the course, Mr. Glasscock's colors still showing prominently in front. As tbe abbatolr wero Bpjireaehcd the order was Eftrimll, Pyrrhus I. , Sir Laun ceiot, Hobart aud Jooy, with Aristocrat still Inst. At tills point Muckay again made an effort, and bettered ids position considerably. At tiie sheds Hobart was leading tho Held, uud Joey began to drop back beaten. Then Sir Launceiot, who had been watching bis opportunity, came through the horses aud assumed command. At the turn for home, the order was Sir Launceiot, Karimil and llobirt, the other together close behind. Mackay again made a brilliant straggle to catch the leader, and would probably have done so. but be again struck the last hurdle very heavily, nnd although be made a gallant effort Sir Laancelot led him by three-quarter of a length, Hobart three lengths awsy third, Earimll fourth, Arguuthnnc, tifth. Aristocrat sixth, Joey seventh, Pyrrhus I. last. Time, 3 mis. 55 sec. Maiden storri.ucuasri a sweepstakes of 5 sots each, 1 ft., with 2d0 added. For all horses wlilcb have never won a hurdle reo or steeplechase. Horses which have never started la a steepJochaao or hurdle raco allowed 10 IU (which must be claimed at timo id en try). The second horse to receive 25 sovs. and the third 10 sovs. out of the stake. Tbreo-yeor-olds to carry 10 st. ; a VTA. 10 at 10 lb. t.5 yra., list 9 lbc 6jrrs,aad aced. " 1 -0 ' 12 st : marcs allowed 3 lb., geldings 5 lb. Over such conrso mtd Jumps aa the stewards shall direct. Abo at two miles. G. Hockley's b g Wickliffo, aged, by Young Touch- stoue, oat or an Athclston mare, 10 st. 13 lb. (Crcc) 1 G. W. Whitehead's b g And v, 6 yra., 11 st 9 lb. (Allen) 2 W E» Power's g g War Dance, aged, 11 st. 9 lb. (Gardiner) 0 S. Milter's g g Sir Robert, aged, 11 st 9 lb. (Mnlone) 0 J. llarbottJe's b h Consternation, 4 vrs., 10 st. 10 lb. , (Hill) 0 T. M, PtfjTidgc's brg Trooper, 4 yn, 10 st, 5 lb. (Ilognn) 0 HctUng : Even money on Wickliffo.- At tlie signal togo,' Sir Robert got all thu belt uf the start, and Andy ucxt. Trooper being last. Tho six horses all clcarcdt the first jiunp, being led by Sir Robert, Then Wickliffo p.tsscd Andy and Sir Robert, and gotiu front, and Consternation ran into third place. Tho favorite, who was going strongly, led into the straight, followed by Consternation and Andy together, then War Dance, Sir Robert nnd Trooper. Tho first of tho treble jumps In front, of the stand was crossed inthefollowlngordor, Wickliffo and Consternation, War Dance, Sir Robert and Trooper. Passing tlie stand tho favorite was going splendidly, and Andy and Consternation together came next, three lengths in front of Sir Robert and War Dance, Trooper, apparently nut of tho race lost. The same order wns maintained at tho turn, and in negoti ating the next obstacle, but at the jump near tbo bridge War Dance fell. Along tho back of the course the nil blue colors of tho favorite showed well in front, Andy being well up, and Con-ik'rniition a length in front uf Sir Robert. At the etono wait Consternation fell. At the abeds WIcklJITe wus four or live lengths in tront of Audy, who was 100 yards ahead of Sir Robert. At tho tnrn Andy drew up on tlie leader, but nfter crossing the next obstacle, stumbled and uwiriy fell. Wickliffo came first Into the straight ou the outside, with Andy in close attendance, Sir Robcrr, who had come to grief, bo ng out of the race, Tiie pair raced homo together, but tho favorite had the: i ace well in hand, nnd finished first, three ) lengths ahead of Audy. Trooper ctuno in third, but being distanced, was nut placed. Time, 5 mhi. 1$ sec. Gkabd Natioxaj. llritbLE Race, a lmndlcap sweep- stakes of 10 tu.'s each, 4 ft.., with 4OO addod. The second hur.>e to receive £0 sovs. nud thu third 25 sovs. oat of the stoke. The winner of any handicap hurdle race or stcupicchascaftcr delaraildn of weights to carry 7 Iu. extra. About three miles. W, Moffa'.t's l»g Ocean, aged. (Pedi;;tee unknown) fist. 2 Jl>. (Ferguson) 1 G. i/Hrien's br m Ruby, aged, 10 st. 12 ib. (U'Krien) 2 il. LoughUn's It h Sheet Anchor, aged, 11 st. 10 lb. (Corrigan) 3 «L Cripps's bkh Duration, 5 yrs.. 12st. 71b. (MLuud) 0 W. RudeiJIIe ns br h Tantaliscr, «gcd, iOst. 61b. (ilalone) 0 fi. Miner's b g Koolyte, aged, 10 st. 4lb. .. (Watson) 0 W. Kudcliffu its ch h Distiller, 5 yrs., 10 at. 3 lb. (SPlvor) 0 II. Chlfncy's bkh Hilltop, 6 vrs», 10.it, 21b. (Kiug) 0 K. Mann's eh h Grattan, 6 yrs., 9 at. 10 lb. (Hnttv) 0 1\ T. Buy wood's b h Ditto, 5 yrs.. 0 sr. 2 lb. (William's) 0 J. H, Hill's bg Wild Dog (late thu Joker), aged. 9 sL (Murdoch) 0 Retting : 5 to 4 against Shcut Anchor. 6 to 1 Duration and Ruby, 7 to 1 Kooivt-u, 100 to 13 Hilltop. 12 to 1 Tan- taliiur, 2d to 1 Uecau. A good start was effected, tlie Mrdbaurnu Cup winner getting uway exceedingly well, followed by Ditto aud Native, Duration, in company with Tuutaiisor, being last, Grattan then took tlie lead, and passid unt of the. straight, fast followed by Ditto, Sl.net Anchor, Ocean nnd Hilltop, with Distiller last. Wiid Dog went up to the front- along thu river side, the field being behind him in tho following orticr: — Ocean, Ruby, Sheet Anchor, Kooiytu, and Distiller. Hilltop and Duration being last. At the bridge the same urdor wiw maintained.. At the back Ruby jas.scd Uccnn, and tool; teciriid place, Koolylo being fuurih, then Hilltop, SluvL Anchor, ' Ditto ond Toutaliaer, Distiller aud Duration- together hist Wild Dog, Ruby and Ocean won in the first division at tlie abbtiiors. At the hurdla past the ohedsu bystander was knocked down, but was not hint. At the turn the three lastnamed horses were still ht the van. with bhcut Anchor fourth. Ocean hero improved his position, und passed the carriage paddock ahead of Ktlby and closu up to Wild Dog, Tantallscr next, then Sheet Anchor and Duration, Risiiller last. Passing the stand the order was Wild Dog, Ocean, Ruby, Grattan, Sfu-'t Anchor, Hilltop. ICooIyrc. Tatitalisur, Duration, Ditto. Distiller. Jioolytc, iu turning out of the sUMieht, ran up fourth, and raced down by tho river side iu - close nuendnneo on Wild Dog, who had fullon back, Ocean leading. Short Anchor here fell hack a Utile., having ncc m.k tho liurdlo heavily. Attncback uf the iMiirftd, Wild Dag was again first, but not for long, as Ocean vaud thu .iheds first, followed by Uuhy, Wild Dug falling back beaten. Sheet Atiuhor huro canto with a grand rush nnd challenged the leaders. Roundiug into tho sfinSght, liuby on thu inside had 11 slight advantage over Oeoau. A magnificent race for home ensued, Cori ir.m, -on Sheet Anchor; riding u grand race, Hiu lavoritu making a gallant effort to overhaul Die leaders, bat, fnillug in an attempt to get the Inside running, did uot succeed, Gc.'uit winning by a length uud iv half from Ruby, who, beat »hee: Anchor by three lengths, Grultau fourth, Duration fifth, Koolytc sixth. Wild Dug seventh, Ditto eighth, Tautiillsvr ninth, Distiller tenth, aud iiiiltop, distanced, last. Time, 5 mUt. Gua.sVNu-ion'aj. Steeplechase, a handicap sweep- stakes i 15 sovs. each, 5 ft., with 500 added, 'ilie .ucniid horse toiceciro 50 sov. and tbu titled 25 sovs. out of tuu htnkc. The winner or nay handicap hurdlo race or steeplechase nfter declaration of weight to carry 7 lb. extra. Over such course and jumps ns the ateward.i shall direct. Ahoai three tnilov. M, LotighUu's b g Gnmu, by Panic— .lidith, nged, 11 10 1. '» (Corrigan) 1 E. Mania's b g Native, aged, 10 31. 8 ib (l'orgus'm) 2 W. Pearson's b m Lady Ashton, uged, 12 sr. 6 ll». (Mr. A. M'Culloch) 3 S. Mil'er's h g Stuillcy, 5 yrs., 12 st. (Watson) .. 0 E. Wuekes'd b g Hob Cooper, aged, 10 st. 11 l!u (Fined) 0 G, JI. Read's br g Reticent, 5 yrs.. 10 r. 7 Ul «» ..(Cliusion) 0 J. HurbottJe's r g Roulette, 5 yrs., 10 «L 3 lb. (M'Uowmi) 0 G. T. Law's b g Kanaka, aged, 0 St. 12 lit .. (Cree) 0 J. Lutta ns br m Spangle, aged, 9 nr. 10 - lli .. , .. (J. M'Cullucb) 0 J. Piiu's br g Brown Eagle, aged, 9 st. 9 lo. (J. Williams) 0 S. S. Rallies bk g CbarcorJ, 5 yra., 9 st. 7 lb. (carried 9 sr. 11 lb.) (Powell) 0 W. Morau's b g Nuisance, aged, 9 Bt. 7 lb. .. .. .. (A. Williams) 0 Betting : 3 to t against Game. 11 to 2 against Stud ley, 6 to 1 aguinrt Rctircnt, 13 to 2 against Lady Afihton. 10 to 1 against Nativo aud Sj.aiiglo, 12 to 1 against Rou lette, 15 to 1 . gainst ilrown Eagle and Charcoal. After a false start Sir. Watson sent tiie field away to un uxc.-Uent start, Mndley ou tho inside being first on his 1 cut, Native, Hob Cooper, llruwn Eagle and Kanaka showing out prominently, Lady Ashton bust. At tlie tirst jump Charcoal und Native rose together, then fol lowed Uiown Eagle, Game, Roulette, Kanaka, Hob Cooper, Lini\ Ashtou, Reticent. NuDatice with squnglca long way off lust. At the bridge Native und Charcoal were first, tho former having the bust of it, and Rou- luttu hud supplanted Game for third place, Brown Eagle b.-iug nwu. followed by Rctlcont, Holi Cooper, und Lady Ashton, ami then id a considerable interval came Nuis ance, Studby and Spang.c. At thu stone wail Charcoal rati up Into crcu terras with Native, and by the time lira Abattoirs were rescued Lady Ashton was thud, then came Game, Reticent, Urowu. Eagle, Boh Cooper aud Kanaka. Much thesamu order was maintained racing along by tho slud.H. At iho find of; tho double jumps Native nearly came to grief, and allowed Charcoal to gut tho premier position, but ho did uot keep it Jong aa hu foil at the next obs'.ucle. Native wa ngaln in iront, followed by Lady Ashton, who was jumping well, then Giuno, Bob Cooper, Roulette. Reticent, Brown Eagle, Kauaka, Studley, Nnisnnco and Spangle. Tito nlonuwall was cleared by Lady Ashton nnd Satire together, the Utter then taking the I (Lid again. At the turn out of thu .straight Bob Cooper was running third, the order of the others being uncnangcd. At the jump by thu river aide Bob Cooper fell. Passing the bridge Nntlre wis four clear lengths ahead of Lady Athlon, Game being third, thuu Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studley, Sjmnglu and Nuisance. At tho sheds the order was very Httio altered. Coming down to thu turn Native and Lady Ashton were frill uttiiu head of affair, thu puce being very fast; then came Gftii'u and Reticent together, Spanglu being out of the race, having conto down at the fence near the sheds. At the turn home Native was slid first, hut Lady Alti tun pushtud him ut the corner, and led into the straight, followed by Game. C.wrigaiiherc called on the favorite, who, responding galluutiy. came away with a grand rush, and after an exciting race halfway uu the straight c.:uie i:t an easy wiuner by »lx length, Native second a length in front of Lady Ashton, who tailed altogether to stay iu tnc last 50 yard. Reticen; was fourth, Kanaka fifth, Stwdley sixth; Hieti a long way off Brown Eagle se.rcnth, NuKunce eighth, RrmlctteniuUi, bpunglc, whu hud been remounted, last. Time, 6 mlu. 48 see. Sr.LMNd Ilnntd.K Rack, a sweepstakes of 3 sots. each, 1 fh, with 150 added. Weight; Three-year-old to carry 10 at, 5 lb. ; 4 yrs., 11 st. 1 lb.; 5 yra., 12 St.; 0 yra. and aged, 12 st. 5 ib.; uiorvs allowed 2 lb. , geldings 5 lb. Winucr to bo sold for £50 ; 7 lb. allowed for every £25 reduction in selling price (which must bo stated ut time uf entry). Una mile aud a half aud a distance. W. Liulu' b g Problem, by Ronnie — Carlisle, 5 yrs. 10 st. 9 lb. (r«7) (King) 1 T. Ccffey's eh g Joey, 4 yrs., 9 st. 10 ilk (A. Smith) 2 S. Nuthan's ch g Fusilier, aged, 11 st. (nil) (Floyd) b J. 11. JilU's b g Wild Dog (lute Tho Joker), aged, 11 st; (nit) (llu doeh) 0 A Davics'a elt g Lou!, 4 yrs., 9 st. 10 Ib. (nil) (Chaston) 0 Betting: Even money Fusliior, 3 to 1 against Wild Dog ond Problem. . Only five horses faced the starter for this race, and when tito flag foil tho favorite got all thu best of 1I10 start, \\\T;d Dog being itcxh Passing the stand Joey lml, with Fusilier next, followed by Wild Dog nnd Problem, with Louis last. Along tiie river siuc tho order was Fusilier, Wild Dog. Joey, Problem and Louis. Before tbo bridge wo reached Louis made a rush and got into third place, ami passing the bridge he wa at thu head of affairs; bat hDud- vnntagu was of very short duration, u ho t un off be fore -reaching tiie abbatoir. At tho ubbutolr thu favorite was first, and still kd at tiiu shed, followed by Problem, Joey nnd Wild Dog. Problem then wont up. and ut the turn was In front, Floyd having to brlug his whip Into requisition to urgo the favorite forward, but without avail. Problem led into tho straight, attended by Joey, J usiller next, then Wild Dog. After a good race borne Problem won by tare-' lengths from Jaoy, who was mi equsl di.iraucu ahead of 1 unliur, w.th Wild Dog fourth. Time, 3 mm. bj sen. Mr. P. K Gordon purchased Problem for £165, all of which goes to the club. Flat Rack, a handicap ol 5 sots, each, 1 ft., with 130 added. For 2-year-olds und upwards. Tito winner of any handicap fiat race, after declaration of weights, to carry 7 lb. extra. One mile. C. Wilson's h in Gardenia, Gyrs,, by King of the It ng— Kkur-do-lls, 7 st. 11 lb. .. .. (O'Btien) 1 1L Jcnuhigaa br h Dako of Athol, Gyra,7 st. 21b. (lirowu) 2 \\\\\ E. Dakhi'sch h Quintln Matscp, 6 yra, 8 at, 2 lb. (Power) 3 J. I. Snnui's b g Plausible, G yra, 8 fit. 81 n. (Food) O 8\. Hamilton's bb Meteor 5 yra, 8 st. 7 lb. (includ ing 7 lb. penalty) (Moore) 0 J. G. Rcid's ch g'Tho Uhoat, aged, 8 st. 5 lb. (Williams) 0 J. IS. Tully's br U AlbUllcmarch, 5 yra, 8 Bt. 3 lb. .. .. .. (RobcrUou) 0 R. Baldwin's b ra Medea, ti yrs., 8 st. (Including 7 lb. penally) (Pope) 0 T. Jones's br b Bohemian, 4 yra. 7 st. 12 lb. (llughes) O T. Coffey's br c Kitawn, 3 yra. 7 sL 101b. (A. Smith) 0 S. Nathan's ch in Straight Shot, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Williams) 0 M. Jacobs' b c Sunny Days, 3 yrs., 7 st. 8 lb. (Ucdfcm) 0 O. Barncti'sbrmLcsbifl, G yra, 7 st. 71b. (ilutchiu) 0 R. K. Molilond's b or br g Stafford, 6 yra, 7 sr. G lb. (Fides) 0 R. G. Talbot's bk c KoluU, 3 yra, 7 fit. 4 lb. (S. Williams) 0 M. LouchUn'fi b c Oaklelgh. 3 yra, 7 st 3 lb. (Fallou) 0 O. Darnell's b g Tho King's hoo, 5 yra, 6 sL 12 lb. (S. Smith) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c First Consul, 2 yrs. G ra 10 lb. (carried 7 st.) .. .. .. (Brace) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c MenotU, 2 yra, 6 st. 2 lb. (Harrison) 0 Betting: 5 to 1 against Tho Ghost, 6 to 1 each Middle- march and Lesbla, 7 to 2 Stafford, 100 to i4 Qulntin Mfltscp, 8 to 1 each Oaklelgh und Duke of Athol, 100 to 15 Straight Shot, 10 to 1 (at first 5 to 1) Bohemian, 10 to 1 Gardenia. Gardenia wu first to show to the front when Mr. Watson lowered the flag, The Ghost getting very badly away, and Kohai being left at the post. Many yards had sot been traversed before Duke of Athol, who, contrary to his ttsoal practice bad got a good position at the atari, ran to the front, with Lesbla next, then Medea and Gardenia, with Plausible last— out of the race. Aittaaairmics Urn Tasoanlaa Bona wa (till at Sie head of affairs ; then come Modes . and Meteor, with Gardenia next, and Stafford welt np. At the tnrn to the straight The Gbo.it came up very fast, and posnd several horse and noarbd tho leaders. Duke of Athol tod into tho straight, and looked every Inch a winner, whilo Tbe Ghost fullback beaten. At tho carriage paddock O'Brien, who had been riding a waiting race, extended Gardenia, and after an exciting race to tho post beat the Duke by a head, QnbiUn Mataep being three lengths off third, Lesbla fonrtb, Stafford fifth, Mode sixth. The Ghost seventh. First Consul eighth, Menottl Inst. Time 1 min. 42 j see. 