T h e W o u J *1^ y e l1 Tb* following lettef whicli we reorfwg yesterday ioam roar correspondent a t Mount LyeU,.W?ll be reed ■with interest .- r The tow nA ip ol Strahan is very prettily situated a t the head of Xiong Bay, coBunanding an extensive *vietr of the harbor. The principal buildings are M r Henry’s store, which ban a b-am- K ad running from a wharf into the More Vessels drawing 9ft esn come alongside. The proprietor is a most iourtoons and obliging gentleman, «ffording every information in his oowev There are two hotels, th a t Immed by Mr G sfcey being * > t a t situated, having reading and billiard- room, and affording good accommodation a t very reasonable prices. The other is kept by Mr Keplrn. M r Bennett has a boarding house, and ib also a boat- builder. He bus had long Boooaintance with Mscquane, having S^ r M 3 Stores ___ - f„ for . Mr rtnnld Gould when ' ^ r a ^ S ^ h a n b y t h e Govern- JffSS f o T L ^ c b ’B Creek you 1 have good walking for about 7 miles, «TMs is as far aa the road is formed, I in d reflects great credit on the con- acto rs for S e manner in which th e work is done. From thence for tbe next five or six miles, ghost of Cffiser. yon see life 1 mud from the top ot tout boots to your knees. Then a few miles good walking, the remaining dwtence—mud. This brings you io the King Eiver reef, distant from Strahao, 24 miles. Arrived a t the King River, reef we are vsry hospitably received by th e genial manager, M r Marsh, who 'makes us welcome to a good tea, th e evening passing very pleasantly and quickly in his company. We th en tu rn in, have a good nights rest, breakfast next morning, and refusing an invitation to look over the claim in consebuence of wishing to reach th e Linda as early as possible, we resume onr journey. . From Lynch’s Creek a track is being clewed to the Linda. This is pow within about two miles, tbe semb <mlr being cut, the course being along steep sailings will be useless until the road is formed, even for men carrying tucker, and the sooner this is finished Iaujbuiom the v..« sooner — will ■ Government ■have the bleBsings of the miners. For the way. men have fo «rrjr “ j One well-known mmer, ^oo™ | h ere and on the Pieman, whom I m e t with the perspiration pouring off him, said, “ Why, bless yon, we are all like eld coach horses, gone in the knees and fetlocks,” and I don t donbt rit. (HAbout a mile on the track from Lynch's yon leave the road for a track on the left hand leading to the vnlley of the Queen Eiver. Crossing Hie Queen twice yon commence to rise and have up hill till you reach the now celelebrated “ Iron Blow, be- longing to Messrs Crotty and party, j This ends ahard day s work, although I the distance is only abont seven miles, ^.Uy^a su ^ e ^ io ^ ^ ^ lu n d ^ h o l^ a n d | oots, over and under '°g s'itk 'sw b a d i «uougk on level ground, but * ben \t j comes to wind np with about llUOtt of a rifle, it is beyond a joke, espe- U oially when one has topitch his camp and make tea, the more so if 1-aimng Jiard a^d matenea are wet. ^ O ur luck is in finding a splendid camping ground. We pitch our tents, arm have a fine feeS provided by S l o . u kindend hospitable prospec- tor. ' This is the second time I have jwen indebted to his kindness when nocked. up. feathers rather hard; sticks having a pasty habit of finding email of back; sleep well for all th a t; breakfast, and hurrah for the Iron Blow ! W e find Messrs Crotty and Strong at their hnt, who give us a hearty welcome, and want us to have some­ thing to eat and drink some tea, bnt we refuse, being too anxious to see the claim. Proceeding with Messrs C. and S. from their but we at once come on their race, where they followed th ri’ail of gold up the hill, and which i now need as a tail-race. The olaim i situate on a spur iu a break between Mount Owen and Mount Ijyell. The Strike of the country is about 20deg W of N. This is the supposed lino of'reef—I Bay “ eupposed ” because np to the present time it is impossible to form any opinion of it. I t eimply looks like an immense quarry. I sun not going to give any description oi th e formation for the aim pie reason X should only make a fool of myself, as I never before aaw anything like it. RU Bo for DU aa m U8B one can judge there -- must , . be- several thoniands of ton* of stuff readw for crnfibiM, tbe return from cerned. Tbe -face is about 30It wide no walla, ao it ia impossible to arrive a t width, and as to depth, time alone can prove that. So far oa th e gold shows it does not m atter where you take a prospect yoii can g et a good one. Gold ifl also visible £3 the naked eye in nearly overy part »ou fook, from the finest speck to coarse gold—pieceB np to Idwt. have tieen obtained. It is certainly one pE the richest shows I bave^ over soen. This ie a t tm p a description u* I-can give, but don’t let anyone run away with tbe idea that all claimB her© are to turn out E l dorados. This is tbe claim, and tbe only one a t present as far aa I know, ana it is jnat as likely to ran in one direction as another, so Ian as proved a t present. ’ There are upwards of 60 claims applied for, or a t any rate pegged, some four or five deep—inch is the uncertainty «s to what the coarse may be. Two tilings here we are greatly in want'of, !n fact i t is quite necesaaty to have Them, namely, quicker communjowtift" with Launceston and Hobart. A t the present time a telegram sent from Launceston to Corinna catches the mail which leaves Corinna on ftiwflqy morning, arrives ai; E ™ ian ‘ on following Tuesday evemng, and is sent by special meataenBcy to Linda, where it will arrivtj on Thursday. In order to reply i Bperial must be seat from hmw Corijroa^whiehtakes four days. I f a reply Ifl Bentby the m ail man it will take one tveeklanger, Tho telegraph poles mid lines seem to he ingooi order from Trial Haxbor to Macquarie leaving <miym dietanoe m the oroi Jliee o f £0 mBfUs Would i t be to To ooiTespond • by mail, a letter weaving Launceston on Thursday (will be in Straban the following Tuesday ■"night. from Straban there is' no official mail, tind we are indebted to 1the kindness of Mr Gaffney, who is packing for the Messrs Honry, for onr letters ; also to M r Marsh, the manager of the King River reef, who takes charge of them on arrival. We then have to walk 34 miles—seven each way—on the chance of lettere arriving, throngh mud and slush. I believe the population hero is about 90, and I hear there are several fresh arrivals; this being the case, I think a post-office Bhould he established at once a t Lynch'* Creek, I believe I am right in saying the cost for conveyance would not exceed *50 per arnum. Some excitement was caused here yesterday morning by someone attempting to jum p a portion of the reclaims ________ on the » ground of not bairg a proper distance from gold, I bat I don't think, and I sincerely) hope, they have not a leg to stand on. I t is a great pity jtmipers be punished if they fail toestablish their claim, as nine times out ol ten they are wrong. I hear a splendid quartz specimen has i.» been obtained about half a mile from here. . , The steamer Wakefield has arrived; and I shall expect to see a rush tomonow. Linda, August 29.—Laun* cestrfn Examiner, 