A RUSH "PUB" From the Cowra Free Press we take the following interesting item, shewing what splendid accommodation travellers can find in the bush : — Alfred W. Collis was charged with a bench of the Licensing Act and pleaded guilty. The Bench decided to hear evidence. Sub-Inspector McCartie deposed that he visited the defendant's licensed premises, Royal Hotel, Belmore, near Canowindra, on January 5th ; upon inspecting the portion of the premises open to the public, four bedrooms and two sitting rooms, he found as follows: — The first bedroom contained a bedstead, beding, and small washhand stand ; it was very dirty, and filthy slops remained in it ; the second bedroom contained two iron stretchers and bedding, but no other furniture ; in to detached bedrooms he saw one old stretcher in each, the blankets in one were strewn about the floor, and the mattrass and blankets were in a confused heap in the other ; saw no other furniture there beyond and old broken water jug ; the walls of the latter rooms were open ; they were composed of weatherboards and papered inside, the boards had cracked and the paper in places had fallen off ; none of the rooms, in his opinion were fit for human habitation; the hour of his visit was 4 p.m. ; he found the stable in an unclean state, and without a particle of forage of any kind in it ; the bar was also in an untidy state, likewise the back premises ; asked defendant what liquor he had for the public and he produced about a pint of brandy in a square bottle and said that that was all he had ; several com- plaints in respect to the bad accommodation provided by the defendant had been made to witness ; on the day of inspection defendant appeared to be in a semi-idiotic state. Defendant stated that the walls of his hotel were composed of stone plastered on the inside, but the weatherboard structure had been erected to comply with the standard required by the Act and was of a mere temporary character. At the time of the sub-Inspector's visit he was out of liquors owing to the number of persons frequenting his house during the Christmas holidays, and his being physically incapable through illness and trouble to personally attend to his affairs. He had held a license for 17 years and this was the first charge that had been preferred against him. His wine and spirit merchant's invoices for the past three months amounted to £300, showing that he must have disposed of a great quantity of liquor It was not his intention to continue the license, hence he hoped the Bench would give him time to find a tenant. The Bench held that under the circumstances the only course open to them was to cancel the license. Lithgow. (Mercury.) LAND SALE. — At the Lithgow land office on Thursday the following conditional purchases were applied for, viz., R. W. Armour, 100a. parish of Kowmung, county of Westmoreland ; Daniel Ryan, 40a. parish of Lowther, county of Westmoreland ; and Nicholas Delaney, 80a. parish of Hartley, county of Cook. BLACKHEATH COAL COMPANY.—A meeting of the Blackheath Coal Company held in the office, Castlereagh-street, on Thursday after- noon. Mr. E. Webb, M.L.C. presided. The second half-yearly report was read and adopted; and Messrs. J. G. North, and S. W. Webb, retiring directors, and Mr. A. R. Troup, the retiring auditor, were re-elected. The report said that vigorous operations had been carried on in the company's mine during the past half-year, and that splendid coal had been struck, and tunnels opened on a seam 5f 6in. thick, also, that several shafts had been sunk and machinery erected, which fully completed the mining conditions. LITHGOW POTTERY. — We understand that the Lithgow Valley Company are about to open an establishment at Marrickville, near Sydney, for the sale of their pottery wares, both wholesale and retail. It is stated that hitherto the Company's operations have not been a financial success, the main cause of this being the great disadvantage at which they are placed in the matter of freight. The cost of carriage from the works to Sydney is far in excess of that of the shipment from England, and there is no counterbalancing influence in the way of duty. On the contrary, some of the material used in the manufacture are charged on passing the customs. As the excellence of the quality of the Lithgow pottery is beyond dispute, it is hoped that these disadvantages will eventually be overcome, and that the last new departure will be the means of giving an impetus to the industry. THE LITHGOW GHOST. — We hear that a ghost is now among the recognised institutions of this progressive town of Lithgow. We have not seen it, nor do we know anyone who has, though several allege that they have heard its sepulchral voice, which resembles the cry of a child, and the groan of a woman, the tone being particularly weird. The Salvation Army seems to be its especial care, as the unearthly visitor is said to be in the habit of making itself manifest at the barracks at the dead of night. The ghost is evidently of a very un- gallant disposition, as we are informed that the captain and lieutenant (young ladies be it remembered) have on several occasions been greatly disturbed by its depredations. Attempts have been made to fathom the mystery, but without avail. We will endeavour to make an appointment with his ghostship before next issue, and, if successful, will give a verbatim report of the interview. 