Our Penal Establishments. ST. HELENA. BY SKETCHER. THE London Spectator asserts boldly that "men who have lived in Australia are never sentimental about criminals." However this may have been at the time of "His Natural Life" and "Never Too Late to Mend," and however one might be led into the same opinion who has seen the way in which even suspects are treated in Brisbane, it only needs a passing glance at St. Helena to prove that the Spectator's dogma is at once a delusion and a snare. If thieves and vagabonds share the average pressman's yearning after a rest, they should be as satisfied with Queensland's penal establishment as Maiden-Tribute Stead was with Holloway Prison. He professed himself to be sorry when his sentence ended; the colonial rogue should likewise receive his liberty with regret. But the rogue always expects more than the honest man, and is not even satisfied when, as in Queens- land, he gets it. There are little inconveniences about prison life, certainly; one hears com- plaints of St. Helena just as one hears them of the station clocks and of the acoustic proper- ties of the Assembly chamber; but if the average lower-class Englishman was as well fed, as well clothed, as well housed, and as little worked as are its inhabitants the status quo might endure unassailed for all time. From a prisoner's standpoint it is a model prison ; the only difficulty is that such establishments are not usually supposed to be built to please their inmates. From the north-west, as the Otter runs into the well-built jetty, the physical features of the island loom up pleasantly. From the rise on which the prison stockade stands the ground slopes gently on the south and descends abruptly on the west; on both sides is the sea. From the corner thus formed the jetty is thrown out, and on its T-shaped landing a dozen convicts are grouped. They are stout hearty-looking men, dressed in blouse and trousers of coarse dirty white stuff, having "Penal Establishment, St. Helena," printed on the back in faded letters, and they loll against a pile of boxes and the crane with the greatest imaginable ease. Except for their dress they might well be mistaken for a gang of wharf labourers waiting for a job, and they converse quietly with one another all unrebuked. In front is a warder who acts as wharfinger and directs the unloading of the sheep that the Otter brings, while grouped behind are a half dozen officials, evidently off duty, and Captain Townley, superintendent, whose word is law on this most attractive isle. The tide is at the full, and the waves ripple gently against the jetty and far away to northward along the the sandy shore. There is not a cloud ; but the April heat is tempered by the grand breeze that comes sweeping in from the bound- less ocean; the air is fresh and sweet and pure, as it never can be in the crowded city where honest men toil from morn till night for their daily bread. Out beyond the shelter of the little cape the white caps fleck the blue waters; to landward there mingle, in har- monious confusion, the yellow of the sand, the emerald green of the grassy slope, and the darker hues of the wood-crowned hills beyond. Upon the ridge stands the prison stockade, no more like a prison than many a free-labourer factory, while the stables, sugar-mill, and sheep- cots seem to tell of contested husbandmen and industrious peace. And as the sheep scamper along the jetty, leaping high over little ob- stacles, and crowding to one side only of the tram-waggon that stands on the rails, which run right up to the stockade, it is hard to believe that those who drive them and shout at them, and jump into the shallow water after one unfortunate, are men who have lifted their hands against society, and are supposed to be working out their manu- mission under heavy and deserved punishment. And such sense of incongruity is not lessened when, the mainland reached, one sees the various occupations at which the convicts labour, and the careful provision made for their welfare and for their comfort. " You cannot keep a man's face to the grindstone for years," says Chief Warder Hamilton, himself the per- sonification of judiciously-mingled discipline and humanity. That is the key- note of St. Helena treatment, and proves conclusively that the Spectator was wrong. The prison proper is enclosed in a rectangular stockade, and is about the size of the average town block. Its eastern face is occupied by the sleeping wards and the hospital; it* western by the "yards" and the workshops. I» these yards (three in number, each about fifty yards square) St. Helena life actually begins, as by them are prisoners classified, and in them do the members of their respective gangs indiscriminately mingle. To yard B, the most northerly, all new-comers are assigned, and there for some time they remain, doing nothing, though strictly disciplined. They have no "indulgences," nothing but prison diet of the simplest sort; it goes without sayitgt that this form of the dole* Jar niente is ao» generally appreciated, and that the inroates of yardßanticipateeagerly their removal ko yards. A and C. The latter are respectively occupied by the outdoor and the workshop gangs, to. either of which the probationista are assigned according to the superintendent's opinion, of their adaptivenesß. The Inmates of the Affe rent yards are kept entirely apart, eatiag and sleeping separately, and having no means of communication except what they can accom> plish by stealth. Of course they do communi cate ; even Argus could not hope to prevent them. The sleeping wards are all laid out on the same pattern, and arc clean and well ventilated. The cells, of which there are some forty in each; ward, opening on each side of the main passage-way, are narrow and lofty, beinir about 4ft. in width, 7ft, in length, and 10ft. & height. They are ventilated by barred windows, one over the door and the other opening through the wall, an agreeable im pression being convfj-od by all the ironwork being painted, thus banishing the cold dreary look so inseparable from the average prison. In each of these cells only one prisoner is placed, and he sleeps on a canvas hammock that rolls up to the end wall in the daytime, and is lashed out at night to hooks placed near the door. A night-pan and water-billy are pro vided for each man. Other furniture there is none, all washing being done in the yards. Along the passage-way cocoanut matting is stretched, which is patrolled nightly by an unbooted warder, whose duties, however, appear to consist rather in listening to what is said than in attempting to enforce silence. The you-can't-keep-a-man's-face-to-the-grind stone theory pervades all the regulations of this summer-residence prison. But, however that may be, there is one feature of the sleeping wards that cannot be too strongly condemned, and which superintendent, warders, and prison experts unite in decrying. That is the " asso ciated" cells, in which, for lack of better accommodation, men are lodged together to the number of a dozen and more. These men are supposed to be privileged characters, and their cells, wire-fronted, are exposed to the patrolling warder's gaze; but, in spite of such considerations, tho effect of this herding may be imagined. Criminals may not be entirely bad, but the leaven of evil that is at once the cause and the result of a vicious life must work under such a hot-bed system. The herding in the yards must bo bad enough, but tho herding in the associated cells is incom parably worse. The day in St. Helena begins at 6 a.m. in summer and 6.30 in winter. At that hour the prisoners, previously roused by a bell, are marched to their respective yards, where they are allowed an hour to wash, smoke, gossip, and breakfast. Meals are taken in open-sided dining-rooms situated in each yard, and, sitting space being limited, are eaten in squads as the men are ready for them. At tho expiration of the hour work is commenced and continued till 12, when there is another intermission of an hour for dinner. Locking-up time comes at 6 in summer and at 5.30 in winter, the third hour's loafing-tira> for smoking, gossiping, and supper ushering it in. The work itself is by no mean laborious or difficult. Quarrying might be supposed to bo somewhat hard, but the eagerness with which such werk is received shows that the inducements accompanying it aro considerable. Tho »tone quarried is a curious sort, of conglomerate that is soft when first dug, but rapialy hardens when exposed to the air. It is worked first with a pick-axe, and afterwards squared down with blunt axes. About thirty men aro thus employed, tho quarries being situated immediately at the back of tho jetty. The stone is being ÜBed in tho erection of new store-rooms and offices within the stockade. Tho building that is now used for this purpose is inconveniently situated such a distance away. In the fields, intenb on raising sweet and English potatocp, maize, lucerne, sugar-cane, and other crops, are thirty-four men. All these fields are on the slope that lies between tho stockade and the jetty beach, and aro models of patient care taking. But the great industry is tailoring, which employs fifty-two men, who turn out much of the clothing used in the various Government services, including the Defence Force, but no longer tho police uniforms. They make, how ever, the large police riding cloaks; while the saddler's shop, employing sixteen men, makes the rougher kind of police saddles, with straps, leathern gun-bags, and other fittings ad libitum. The shoemakers who supply all the shoes required by tho various dependents upon Governmental care, are 17, the tinsmiths are 9, and the carpenters and painters 8. There are also thirteen masons and their labourers working on the new build ing, 15 draymen, 16 wardsmen and yardsmen— an enviable position—7 cooks, 9 washermen, and bookbinders, lamp-trimmers, wood-cutters, blacksmiths, baker, butcher, shepherd, gar dener, sailmaker, and milkman. In all there are 253 convict-settlers on the island, guarded by 33 warders; accommodation is provided for 280\. It has been said before that tho work provided is not laborious, and certainly the St. Helena ahoeraakers do not work with the same feverish energy that characterises Hunter and Oo.'s operatives, nor the tailors with the speed that is noticeable in the workshop of Finney, Isles, and Co. They work to put in time, and they do it; they make an easy thing of it, an they would bo very foolish not to if they can. The tailors range their shoes in a row at the end of the room before they start work; tailors and everybody else talk freely, but respond like clockwork to the cry of " Atten tion !" with which tho warders herald Captain Townley's round. The " billeted" men—those doing odd work—are especially envied, as they are not perpetually under the eye of a warder, to which surveillance the prison-bird has a most inveterate dislike. And it is only natural. In his cell, there is a warder outside ; in the yard, a warder watches him from a trel lised gallery; at meal times, in the workshop, in the fields, in the quarry, the tireless watch is always kept over him ; and if by some Monte Christo iDgrnuity he cut through his cell bars, picked tho ward-lock, scaled the inner pali sade, and forced his way to the outer wall, there are still two armed sentinels in watch-towers th*t command the broad open alley-way that runs between tho inner and outer walls, ready, day and night, to shoot down without mercy the convict who would escape. That is the rub; he cannot escape, and because he cannot he does not appreciate the plain but plentiful food, tho " indulgences," the easy work, and the health ful situation. The warders say that they live with nerves constantly stretched; one moment's relaxation of vigilance might permit an uncon trollable tnmite. It is nthor strange to hear that there is neither a resident physician nor a chaplain, and that tho Catholic priiMt is the only clergyman •jrho troubles his head about the residents of St. Helena. There wito two men in the hos pital last week, to which the Government doc tor pays wci-kly visits if required, not unless. One of the patients was an old man who, the chief warder wai of opinion, should be in Dunwich, nn^ who, it was expected, would he soon Bent there. Mr. Hamilton does the pre scribing on rmerprncy, and is proud of his record, which he d.fie* «>vi?n Dr. Scholes, of Wou£'iroo, to boat. This little hospital, thou-'h b:\ro nnd bsrrcd, is not unplrasant, op'-ninjr, "* it docs, into a little grassy plot that might be in tbo ba^k yurd of an Enoggera cottage. It is far ploasantor than the dark cells at the end of the building, which are tho only direct means of correction employed, but which, if darkness 1b a corrective, should be tolorably efficient. They are dark, sunk under ground, the light jealously excluded; dark and bare and cheerless ; repellent to the unsuper stitious; terrible, one would think, to those who believed in ghosts and in retribution, and who would see stealing upon them in the utter darkness the hideous shapes of unpunished crimes. It is not an agreeable impression that tho prison makes, at least not if one's sympathies are with the honest and the industrious, and if one has imbibed the good old doctrine that the criminal's life should be made a decidedly hard one. In a yard, a couple are working leisurely fixing a drain ; driving down the slopo in the superintendent's cart, one meets a gang of field-hands hastening gaily home to a good dinner; in the kitchen one sees meat and potatoes and bread ready dished — fine in quality and plentiful in quantity—in the yards at dinner-time the convicts gather, washing themselves and joking, or reading a book from the library, grouping round one who tells a story, perhaps of successful theft. They are not all old criminals. There are young men, in for the first crime, feeling that the punishment is not insupportable, having their last hold on morality torn away by the degraded tone of this objectionable herding. Young men go in with their whole hearts hating the sin that has brought thorn disgrace ; they may go out afterwards learned in the legends of tho lawless, and conversant with every trick that will aid them to evade honest labour. It must be said, however, that as far as the officials aro concerned everything ap pears faultless. Whichever way one turns everything is beautifully clean, and discipline is strictly enforced. It is like a well-trained public school, governed by a kindly disci plinarian. "I don't like the system," says Captam Townley; "but we have to do the best we can with it. I certainly think that a short term of severe punishment would do more good to a non-confirmed criminal than the ordinary long term does. But one thing must be recollected: you can't maintain severity for a lengthy period. If you do you drive a man into a corner and make a wild animal of him." And so the Otter heads away from St. Helena, speeding on till the stockade dwindles into a gray dot and till the wood-crowned hills sink into the foam-flecked sea. In the little cabin, where the officers dispense their hos pitality, thero is much talk of convict ways by hard-working trencher-men. " They're a lazy lot," says a bluff sailor, as ono who knows ; " they're fed too well and do too little work. Why, a gang of them came to clean the Otter one day and fairly slummed the job. When they wero going off one complained to me that it was the hardest day's work he had done for yeara. Ho looked like it, too, though a sailor may have to do the same every day in tho week." The sailor, not being an expert, evi dently didn't believe in not keeping a convict's face to tho grindstone. BRISBANE OA.OL. If St. Helena is a perfect exemplification of the you-can't-keep-a-man's-face-to-the-grind stone theory, the Brisbane Gaol is no less a materialisation of the how-not-to-do-it. St. Helena works a prisoner comfortably, and feeds him wholesomely; tho gaol feeds him very little, and, generally, does not work him at all. There is absolutely nothing worthy of notice to be seen at the latter institution, except the lofty three-tiered cell-building, surrounded by two or three yards, in one of which a hundred and more prisoners are herded ; accused and guilty, thief and vagrant, all being huddled in together. The cell-building stands at tho end of the interior quadrangle; to the left, on entering under a great arch, is the two-storied hospital, to the right is the kitchen and wash house. Two wings will be erected soon, flank ing the present cell-building, though separate from it; but occupation or punishment—except confinement and semi-starvation —there is none. " Make men hungry," said a great French revolutionist, "and I will establish a new order of things." Perhaps some vague idea of the truth that this assertion contains influenced the authorities in depending upon a slim diet to reform vagrants and correct the lawless. Thero are four diets in force under Government regu lations v three of them are enough to keep men alive, but very little more. No. 1 diet consists of 12oz. bread daily; No. 2 of 12oz. bread and 4oz. meat; No. 3of 12oz. bread and 6oz. meat; No. 4 of 12oz. bread and 12oz. meat. Each diet has, in addition, lib. of potatoes daily and lib. of hominy. The first diet is served for a month to all short-sentence prisoners; the second to the same men after a certain period, and to those committed for trial; the third is served after a fixed period of probation on the two previous diets to all those who remain in gaol long enough; while the fourth, the acme of the half-famished prisoner's hopes, is given to those sentenced to hard labour, and to those who can securo employment at the few jobs which can be made by the governor. Tho latter has no option in the matter; there are the Government regulations, he has only to carry them out. Besides No. 4 diet, however, those who get to work are entitled to certain " indulgences" such as tobacco and sugar. The cell-building itself is a lofty well-venti lated structure, containing sixty-two cells, ranged on each side, the higher tiers reached by light iron stairways and balconies. In the centre of the stone floor is a railed-in cellar like hole, down the stono stairs of which is the avenue to the dark cells; twenty-four hours in these is calculated to break down the stub bornest obstreperous one. As at St. Helena, each cell is beautifully clean, but owing to the crowded condition of the gaol—there are 125 inmates —as many as three are berthed together. The cells, except two large reception ones, are about 6ft. wide by 7ft. long by 10ft. high, and are entirely bare of any furniture except the invariable canvas ham mock. In three cells some boys, whom the care of Mr. Pinnock separates from older criminals, are confined, to their deep disgust. Most of the others are empty, their nightly inmates being turned out betimes every morn ing into the yard. And in the yard they are congregated; a bare gravelled yard, rectangular, sloping from tho corner where the gate from the quadrangle opens. It is some fifty yards square, more or less, and in it a hundred men are gathered. They sit on the ground under the cell-building that encloses one side, eating their dinners from tin dishes—eating with their fingers like wolves. They are crowded around soujc tables that stand under a shed in the centre or seated on the edge of the shed platform—men who are waiting trials, vagrants, drunks, and thieves, all associating together; no work for any of them, only one ceaseless timo for discussing and learning vice. They wear tho regulation convict uniform, except that being cold they have on dark sacque - shaped coats; and they all wear it—some of them will wear it for six months, will go half-famished all that time, and then he acquitted and de clared guiltless of crime. At the farthest corner of the yard are the closets and urinals. Latticed off from the shed before mentioned is a bathroom, provided with a shower-bath. From morning till night they live in the yard, doing nothing but basking in the sun and longing for a?< square." Their muscles soften, their constitutions may break down ; they must of necessity be worse on leaving than when they come in. In the washbouse are the Hopeful men, chained but cheerful; whatever their crimes have been, they have won the respect of the prison officers and of the governor himself. There are a few men working in the kitchen, a few employed in serving round rations; others work in the little garden plots scattered in odd corners, while others have been grubbing up stumps in the reserve outside and petering away at the entrance road; but there is nothing in particular to do. So what is Captain Jekyll to do about it ? . . He is a man with ideas, is Captain Jekyll; as heartily opposed to the how-not-to-do-it system as an official can be who has to work under it. As Captain Townley does, he be lieves in short sentences and severe ones ; and be has in his mind's eye the outline of a scheme that is well worth consideration. "The pre sent system is a mistake, of course," he says. " There are vagrants sent here for not working, and they aren't worked hore either. There are young men sent here, and they associate with hardened criminals. I believe in the separate system, and in a sufficient amount of sensible work. I don't like the shot-drill. It produces rupture and varicose veins, and it is dis couraging. A prisoner gets to hate work in which he can't see any result; and I hold that a prison should encourage a man to work, not disgust him with it. Then, when men are herded together, those who get on their feet again are always liable to be blackmailed by those whom thoy have met in gaol, not to speak of the degeneration that the association of criminals entails. I incline to the sepa rate system, such as they have in Bel gium, where each prisoner is separated from another, though he sees plenty of warders and honest visitors. He works there, too, and is allowed one-third of his earnings as a nest-egg, or to support those who are dependent upon him. Birching U the best thing for young boys, the separate system for men, but there must be employment or any correctional attempts must fail." "Don't I think it hard to treat accused persons as criminals ? Well, yes, it is in one way, but, on the other hand, if a man is here six months and is convicted, the Judge allows him that time, whereas if he was merely con fined this allowance would not be made." That is ono Bido of it, certainly, but hardly com forting to the innocent man which the accused is presumed to be. ( There is ono item of interest still, the scaffold from which Tim Tee dropped into eternity, handily located outside the condemned cell door, on tho second story. Its handiness is its only drawback; a scaffold isn't a pleasant thing to contemplate, but, as it is a necessary evil, the platform that starts from a level, is not misadorned with trouble some steps or with a dark pit into which the body drops, is to b« termed perfect. Such is the Brisbane scaffold. And beyond the scaffold, beyond the cell building, and beyond the yards, there is tho open pathway running inside the outer wall, that is a dead lane to those whom the Government boards. From two watchtowers rifle-armed sentries watch it always, and, though little is done with the prisoners, society is at least rid of them for a time, for there Is little chance of any escape. 