; iviAmrJijiiNpljK ANT,1 - OlIAPTEIt XI. (CONTINUED). Standing beside Ala.1. Uraut (or rathor Mr. Grant liad fnsllenod liiinsolf on to liim) was Iris favourite follow-travqllor, a young and impecunious nobleman, LordLovnntor— "a ponnilosslatl, with n long nediirreo ! "4-uut nobly nnxiouB to repair tho shatt&od; fovtunos of his houso by a thrifty Rand prudout mar- ringo. IJ . Ho was noitbop tall, nor exactly short, but ono thing was very plain, ho was sadly round iff tho shouldors, and lio stooped liko nn 'old man. Ho lind n. heavy faco, tliipk lips, prominont tooth, wliieli a foxyjeparso hairs, callod by courtesy his iiuoustnclio, ernolly rofusod-fcsiiado. i'His oyosoro pnlo bluo, his noso notj instruotivo in any waj' ; his hair rathor long, but then a lord may wear Ills hair as ho likes. His ago was nbojjit tbivty ; ho was drossod in n suit|;of rathor startling checks and a pinkl'sliirt, for his lord- Bhip's tnsto in dress was a woo bit loild. Ho bad not an oxtra allowance of brains, but nntuvo mado up for this deficiency by a largo supply of cautions shrewdnoss, nnd any quantity of solf- estcom. IIo wnsPpoor, but caroful, and': mode his moiioy go a long way. Ho got ngoodcjjoal "outof pooplo," as ho mentally |iln'asod it, on tho strongth of his bojng a bachelor poor, with' -groat (nssu'mod) lonjwmie, and ailefitM- lieai-tino88 of mfttipS:. Eor iustnncc, hi) lmd obtained from our friond, Mr. Robort Grant, n tempor ary loan (which feven Mr. Grant nc- cordod as ono wlioi is honoured by tho obligation) — sooiij'g in it a link to tho uppor cirelos, a jpady laddor for his nimble and ambitious foot, and liad thrown out moro jthnn ono hint- 011 tho subject of Mink-lino — bis daughter and jitMLu&a; — ji iuis pieuty gin iiuw tspuiiit- iug to Mr. Grant with visible trepida tion nnd boeomingly-hoightonod colour was tlio dftugliter nnd hoiross so -fro- quontly liintod at. IjordLovnntortook his pipo out of Iris mouth, prossod' -tlie .tobacco down into it onco moro, gravoly replncod it between Iris particularly ugly lips, and told hirosolf, with orn- plinsis, "that, by Georgo, lio might do woroo !" — nnd so lio might. Presently ho was formally intro duced to tlio young lady and to the young lndy's companion; nnd Mr. Grant, who was really metaphorically carried off his foot by Iris daughter's unexpected beauty, was iu a rampant stnto of satisfaction. Slio would "go dotvn sho would " tnlco" nnywlioro, ' nnd for a fow lofty momonts lio scorned n moro lord, and saw a wreath of , strowborry loaves resting on lior pretty r brown linir. '' Miss Penn was not slow to road Mi-. Grant's faco, and to interpret his pro- sent complacency. IIo found Made- lino prettier than lie oxpcctod, and ho was pleased, and sho lost no tiino in talring fortuno at tlio flood, aud whisporing a fow well-timed words . into liisenr about " doarost Madelino's romnrkablo boauty — favourite pupil — accomplished, popular girl," whilst Mndolino gravoly answored Lord Levanter's blunt quostions, and won- flovnd ifiufili at lifs "frftn-nufLnnftv mnn. nors, aud rudo porsistont staro. ' After a lit'tlo Madolino found lier- solf boing led up and prosontod to \- sovoral of tho passengers— to tlio captain, with n look aud tono that oven told hor, who had a vory luuiiblo opinion of liorsolf, that lior father was oxeeodiuglj' proud of hor. ' Oh ! if lio only would bo kind — bo good to lior — if her pretty faco thnt ho soomnd to valuo so much would but opon tlio door to Iris heart and ndmit her and Hugh ! ' But it would not. Don't think it, simple Madolino. It will only ndmit you and a poor of tho realm. After much fuss and buBt-ling tho millionaire and bis party disembarked. Never had Madolino boen so 6tarod at in nil lior, life, nnd sho was not merely looked at curiously as a pretty giri. \- - ,1 who had novor soon hor fathor sinco sho was a child — sho was doubtly in teresting as a great hoiross, and a SHiry markotablo young person. \ Sho was not sorry to mako lior escape, nnd wns conducted down tho gangway in a kind of triumphal procossion by lior oxcollont parent — hor arm on Iris, whilst Miss Ponn followed, loaning on Lord Lovantor (who was to bo Mr. Grant's guest at tho Pier Hotel). I havo no liositntion in stating that this was absolutely tho happiest moment of Miss Ponn's existence — if it was not of Madelino's. Arra-in-nrm with a lord! .What would pooplo say at homo wlion sho wont back ? Her hoart boat high with anticipation of tlio sensation sho would produco upon tho minds of her iminodinto eirclo. If only somo of them could soo lior? But tlioro is always nn " if ! " M11 riunnf Yrno voflinn nwhumnanrl aftor Iris long voyage, and remained 011 at Southampton for a fow days. : So did Lord Lovantor. Miss Ponn had reluctantly taken hor loavo nnd re turned to hor oxpootnnt mother, on- dowed with a valunblo present, ' for all hor kindnoss to Madolino,' quoth Mr. Grant, as he prosontod it with somo pomp — and which offoring sho ac cepted in tho spirit in which it was ;bestowoil, without so much as tho quivering of lior oyo-lash or the ghost of a blush. Mnddio had boon installod in bor plnco as mistress of hor fathor's es tablishment, and was trying to accus tom herself to hor now rolo. Every thing was doforrod to lior, tlio order- ing of dinner, of lnrod carriagos, of various itoms thnt mount groat outlay. She took up hor now position with a composure Hint astonished Miss Penn; sho stared at Iter amazedly as sho sat nt tlio lioad of the tablo in lior now black net, and comported liorsolf as' \- though she liad sat in a similar posi-. tion for yoars. \- In about a woolc's timo tlio Grants ' (still nccompaniod by Lord Lovantor). wont to London, and Mr. Grant, who was n brisk mnn of notion, soon got a suporb man shm in Bolgravo-squaro, with largo . suitos of drossing-rooms, twont.y bedrooms, hot and cold, water, speaking tubes, stabling' for twelvo liorsos, and, in short, to quoto tho nd- vortisomont, ' ' with ovorything dosir- ablo for n nobleman or gonflomnn's family.' It lind just boon vnoatod by a marquis, which mado' it still morci uosiramo to Air. wrant. do tar so good. 'Tho noxt thing to do was to got known to thom. 'Then, what a business was this furnishing — of courso regardless of cost. . Days - and days wore spoutsolecting and talking and 'discussing at: ono of tlio most fnsli- ionablo upholstorers in tbo town, nnd: tho result was vory satisfactory — xory magnificent, mul vory exponsivo. There was a dining- room hung with ancestors (not Mr. Grant's) and fur nished in old oak, nu auto- room in sky bluo, n drawiug-room iu roso and wlrito, and a boudoir in pale sea-goon. Of tlio delights of thoso nphrtmonts, of painting,, statuary, bronzos, the Japaneso and Chinese curios, tlio old china, and ivory work, tho mirrors, pianos, Persian carpots, it would tnlco a whole book to catalogue. As to Mado lino, accustomed ns wo know to four "Windsor clinirs, two tables, a shabby Kidderminster carpot and ono horse hair sofa with a lamo log, lior brain , was quito giddy, ns sho triod to roa- Iizo that alio was to bo mistress of thoso wondorful treasures, and tho head of such a palatini establishment! Carriagos and horses found . places in stables aud conch- liousos. A troop of servants populatod tho big houso. 'There was a majostio housokoopor, a Frouch man-cook, a French maid for Mndolino, three footmou in mulborry livory, and a butlor whom ono might havo almost mistaken for a bishop, and . whoso deportmont and dignity were of such a nronortion ai to ovor- awe timid natures, and of a vory high valuo in Mr. Grant's eyos. Madolino shrank from tho lady's- mind, but it was a necessity. She did not wish, tho quick, sharp French woman to spy out tlio nnkodness of tho land, as far as hor wardrobe was concornod, mid was nt many a shift to put off hor arrival until she had moro garments befitting hor father's purso. Hor father lind not boon pleased with her gowns. Thoy looked choap.' ' Is that all you have, Mnddio, that black tiring? ' lio asked bor, rntlier querulously, one evoniug, as thoy stood in tho drawiug-room, nwniting Lord Lovantor aud a friend. ' It's not tho correct thing, I'm sure.' ' Yes, papa, mid it is really nearly now,' slio said, inatono of deprecation ' It doos vory woll for tho presont. I must woar it out, you know.' ' Stuff mul nonsonso ! ' irritably ' I hate to hoar you talk. I ronlly somo times fancy wlion I liBton to you talk ing of tho prico of this and that and so on, nnd oconomy, that ono would think you had known whaf it was to bo poor! poor ns Job! whoroaou'vo novor known what it is to bo m vwant for a singlo thing over sineo you woro horn ! You havo as much idea of real povorty us your own prizo pug ! ' Hacl sho? Had sho not known what it was to froquont pawnshops, to onttlo witli actual want, to oxporiouco not merely tho ploasuro of hoalthy ap- potito, but tho actual painful pains of huugor ? Had slio not known what it was to bo poor ? ' I'll givo you n clioquo to-morrow,' said her fathor, ' and do go to somo .good dressmaker mid got yourself somo dccont clothes — satins and silks. Levanter's sister is going to call. Got lior to tako you to somo first-class plnco and got lialf-a-dozon gowns. I really mean it' and put this thing ' — flicking hor forty-six shillings' black not with a contemptuous forefingor aud thumb — ' bolrind tho fire. You aro not liko your motlior, girl. Sho mado tho monoy fly. I don't want you to ruin mo, but thoro's ronson in all things. What's tho good of having a pretty daughter if sho won't sot her self off?' .'Do you roally think mo pretty, uana ? ' she askod, o uito comnosedlv. 'Ay, of courso' I do. ohaU have you cutting out some cflWib.. pro fessionals noxt sonson, wlion yau have moro nssurnnco and know how to mako tlio most of yourself. Romomborthis,' speaking now witli moro gravity, and giving liis collar a sudden chuck, 'that — ' wlien you marry, I say,' noticing this blusli , 'you must go into the poor- age. Nothing olso would suit mo. Novor forget that. You know my views now. Tlioro can bo no mis understanding lntor on. Nevor send a cpmmqnor to ask for my consent.' ' But, papa,' sho ventured, boldly, now raising bor eyos to his, that sur veyed hor liko two little fiery brown bonds, 'suppose tbat I lovou a poor man, what then ? How would it bo \+ 1» nn 9 I ' Palia ! ' ho almost yollod. ' Poor man ! Lovo ! . Do you want to drive mo mad? Noyor tliiuk of it, novor montion it, if I am to koop my senses.' ' But,' sho ahsworod, resolutely, pressing lior fan very hard into tho hollow of her trembling hand, ' sup posing that I did ? Why should I not? You niarriod my mother for love, did you not ? ' -' No, I didn't.,' ho answored, im petuously. 1 1 likod lior. Sho was vory pretty, and of vory old family. Not that thoy evor did me any good,' lie addod, resontlully. ' I married for good, sonsiblo reasons ; and let mo toll you, Madolino— and one word will do as woll as ton— that if you over mako a low marriago, a lovq-matcli with a poor man, or throw yoiu'solf and your' beauty, and accomplishments, and — and all I have done for you and my hopes away, I solemnly declare . to you that I would not liesitato to turn you out into tho street— that tho moment your folly reached my oars I-swoar to you I would do it, and nevor own you again. You might dio in the work house, and I would not raiso a fingor to save you from a paupor's funoral.' He spoko very fast, his voieo shaking with pnssion, his fneo almost livod at tho idea of liis' sehomos being foilod. Ho was torribly in earnest. His vory look mado .Madolino quail, and sbo trembled and turned palo as aho thought of poor Hugh. 'It's not much I askod you to do for me, Maddio, aftor all I'vo done for you,' ho coritinnod, i in a softor voieo, 1 iiavo my nmDinon, uko oinor men, and my ambition is for you. Givo :iip all thoughts of your lovor, if you havo ono, aud bo an obodiont daughter. It's not so much to do for mo, after all.' Was it not ? Little hp know ! . ' Promise mo ono tiring, Madeline,' ho continued onco moro, breathing hard, and suddenly seizing her now ice-cold hand in liiB, which burnt like firo. ' What is that, pnpa ? ' sho askod, in. a whisper. 4) ' Thnt you will novor 'marry without my consent, and never listen to n commoner. Will you promiso ino this ? ' ' Yes, papa, I can,' she returned, looking him full in tho oyos with a countonance as whito as marble. ' On your honour, Madolino ? ' 'On my honour,' sho ochood in a curious, mechanical voice. 'Very well, thon,' inwardly both roliovod and delighted ; ' that's what I call a model daughter. .You shall havo your reward % s!ljfiy got you somo diamonds to-morrowtbat will open people's oyos. No trumpovy little half set, but a neoklot, stars, oarrings, and brooches. I saw a paruro at Store's to-day — old family dia-. monds. ' Hard up, soiling off. Ono goes up, another comos down, you soo, liko a see-saw. It's our turn now. You shall: liavd diamonds that .will mako pooplo wink tlioir , oyes, dia monds that will bo tlio talk of Lon- don. If folks say that they aro too handsome for nn Unmarriod girl, that's our affair. A coronet will mond that, and you havo a head that will carry one well. Your mother's blood shows. You shall pick and choose, too. Lovantor may tlrink ' ' Lord Lovantor nnd Sir Frodorick Gibson,' said a sonorous voice. And what Lovantor might think wns uover divulged to Madolino, Mr. Grant, with great prosonco of mind, springing hack mentally with one hound from family arrangements to social courtesios. Tho dinnor was porfoct. Tho floral decorations, daily supplied by a florist exquisite, attendance, winos, ovory thing that could he desired. The gentlemen talkod a good deal — talked of tho turf, tho prospects of tho moors, of tho latest failure in tho Oity, &c.;, and, perhaps, did not notico how vory little tho hostess spoke. Sho was ab sent in mind if present in tho body, but sbo smiled and looked pretty, and that was onough. Sho was, in hor mind's eyo, ,far beyond that silver contro- pioco, and pines, and jpaidon- hair forns, and exotic floworsi and powdered footmen, with tlioir " silver dishes and appetising entrees. 7F« know what sho saw. A cosy farm parlour, with a rod-tiled floor, a round tablo, spread with a clean, conrso covor, uecoratou oy a oiuo mug ful of mignonette and sweet poa, black- liandled knivos aud forks, willow- pattern plates, a young man oatinghis frugal dinner alone, and opposito to liim an empty chair — lior chair ! Sho saw in another room a curious old woodon crndlo, with a pointed lialf- roof, which hud roelrod many Holts in its day. Insido it lay a child that was not a Holt, a child of a different typo, a child with dark lashes, and a food- ing- bottlo in its vicinity. (Now, Mrs. Holt's progeny had novor boon brought up by hand). Her baby. ' Oh ! if papa woro only to know ! ' slio thought, aud tho idoa wont through hor lioart liko a kuifo, as sho ner vously lookod ovor at liim, wlioro ho Bat smiling and conversational and un suspicious. For awhile Madelino was left to hor ...... own thoughts,' and -wlion sho' "wont back to hor earliest married days, tho pleasant sitting-room on the. first floor at No. 2, tho bright fires, hew music, books, and flowers, aud cosy, little dinners (tho mutton chop poriod), when all lior world was'botraded by Hugh, was it not still tho case, sho asked her self? Alas! no. Tho bald-headed gentleman opposito had a bond on hor hnppinoss. He had to bo studied, obeyed, nnd deceived. And presently Madeline rose and took her way slowly upstairs to her lonoly stato apartmontth and sipped hor coffoo and thought of Hugh, and wondered what ho was' doing and when she dare tell him to write ; and thon hor thoughts wandered to the diamonds, and she stood up and lookod nt liorsolf iu tho glass, and laughed softly at her own reflection. Trinillv vnnnllonf ilinf aTirt WftQ nnlv nineteen, and had tho natural instinots of a girl of her ago. She smiled back nt her own reflection, and wlint do we hoar lior saying, in a low voice, with a rapid; stealthy glance round tho room ? It is this,—' Mrs. Glyu, I wonder how you would look in dia monds?' J ; -To be continued. J 