THE BANSHEE Green, in the wizard arms I Of tlio foam-bearded Atlantic, ' An isle of old enchantment, A melancholy islej Enchanted and dreaming lies ; And there, by the Shannon's flowing, In the moonlight, spectre-thin, The spectre, Erin, sits. An aged desolation, She site by old Shannon's flowing, A mother of many ohildren, Children exiled and dead ; In her home, with bent head, homeless, Clasping her knees, she sits, . . Keening, keening. And at her knees the fairy grass Trembles on dun and barrow ; Around the foot of her ancient crosses The ryegrass shakes and the foxglove swings ; In. haunted glens the meadow sweet ' ?*. ? Flings to the night- wind ? Her mystic mournful perfume ; Tho stid spearmint by holy wells - Breathes melancholy balm. Sometimes she lifts her head, With blue eyes tearless, And gazes athwart the reek of night Upon things long past, Upon things to come. And sometimes when the moon Brings tempest upon the deep, ? And roused Atlantic thunders from his caverns in the 'West, The wolf-hound at her feet Springs up with a mighty bay, And chords of mystery sound from the wild harp at her side, Strung from the heart of poets ; And she flies on tho wings of tempest ' ' T Around hor shuddering isle, 'With grey hair streaming, A meteor of evil omen, The spectre of hope forlorn, Keening, keening. She keens, and the strings of her wild harp shiver' On the gusts of night ; O'er the four waters she keens— over Moyle she keens, O'er the sea of Bfiledth, and the strait of Strongbow, And the ocean of Columbus. And the Manna hear, and the ghosts of her cloudy, hovering heroes, And the swan; TTianoula, wails o'er the waters of Inhisf ail, Chanting her songs of destiny, The rune of the weaving Pates ; . And the nations hear, in the void and quaking time of night Sad unto dawning, dirges, Solemn dirges, And snatches of bardic song ; And they dream of theweird of kings, And tyrannies moulting, sick In the dreadful wind of change. 'Wail no more, Lonely One! Mother of Exiles, wail no more ! Banshee of the world— no more I ' Thy sorrows are the world's, thou art no more alone — Thy wrongs, the world's. — J. TODHUNTER, in DUBLIN UNIVERSITY REVIEW. Theke is a good story told of the Governor. The story goes, that a week or two ago, while rusticating at his country box, at Moss Vale, he and Lady C. were driving to church, when the carriage had to be stopped to allow a small mob of cattle to pass. The cattle looked done up, and with his usual affability, Lord C. struck up a chat with the ' man in charge,' and learned that the man was at his wits' end what to do with the cattle. He could not sell them, they could not travel, so die they must. The upshot was that the Governor bought them at the man's own price, and having pointed out the white gate leading to his paddock, he drove on to church, where, no doubt, he did the responses of the Litany in a devout spirit. He saved the cattle, made the man in charge happy, and will in a few weeks have a nice lot of 'fats.' -That is making the best of both worlds. 