THE UNEQUAL YOKE. FitOJt the Enqmsji. illcstoxtsd Maairusr. Cnxrrnn III. September passed, tho hrst weeks of October came, and tho Capuletts still loitered on at their German Ear. Frank fonnd Hie largo Kensington house, in which his meals wore served to him in lonely splendor, excessively dnll. As tho junior man at the office, he had been obliged to take what holidays the convenience of his elders left him, and these were not at the mouths that a fashionable taste seloets. Iu the absence of the world he lived in, ho wns thrown upou his new resources, and his acquaintance with the people at Coustanlinc-villas, tvhicli would under ordinary circumstances havo languished nnd been dropped, increased with marvellous rapidity. The fino appearance of Jane, nnd his romantic introduction to her. formed the basis of tho attraction ; but it cannot be Eaid that anything displeased him in the Nonconformist household. There was a hearty vivacity, a slightly boisterous cordi ality, which struck a wholesome note iu the uatnre of u lad whose f at h or was au exqui site, his mother au invalid iu an odor of musk, and his sisters cold ' nnd stylish fino ladies. These Dissenters were full of fresh ness nnd high spirits ; they neither encour aged nor repelled his visits, but allowed him to glide into their life without doubt or inquiry. The dove had perhaps a little more of the serpent than he thought ; for the brothers, whom lie saw bnt littlo of at first, took his measure more carefully than he sup- posed. They were older men than he, and much older than tlieir sisters, who wero the daughters of a second wife. Tfle eldest, who left npou Frank's mind only tiio memory of n broad-shouldered fe'ilow of abont 28 in flannels and a tennis shirt, seen casually in tbe garden of Coustontiue-villas, bad taken pains to ascertain Frank's social situation and antecedents, and tolerated lus presence with authority. He hud positively formed no definite plan of any kind, or oven stated to himself any particular attachment to Jano Baxter wheu the last Snudny in October came. It was the last Sunday that be would spend before his people came buck, and ho vaguely por- ceivod that this pleasant little interlude of social evenings, nnd tennis parties, and after- . noon teas, wonld net survive tiio return of his worldly and exacting sisters, It was already 10 o'clock when ho formed the snddon resolution to go to tlio Baptist Chapel at Kil- buru instead of forming part of the sleepy congregation ut- Iris own family church. Ho walked briskly, and just contrived to reach Colvillc-road iu timo to be early. His first surprise wns tlic chapel itself, which he had vaguely supposed to ho a dismal con venticle, like a barn, and which proved to be ono of tho latest triumphs of Dissenters' Gothic ; and he was sfill more slarilcd with the interior, which reminded him of a Inrgoand well appointed concert hall. None but a Londoner born aud bred could havo been so totally ignorant as he of all tho fonns of modern Nonconformity, and Iris impressions wore taken from novels of tho last generation, lie was shown up to the further end of tho chapel by a courteous attcudant, who would not hear of his being less prominently placed, and lie saw that the eyes of tho younger part of the congregation detected hitu nt once as an unfamiliar figure. Ho was 6eated at right angles to tho main body of the worshippers, and closo under n. species of railed tribune which excited his wonderment. Over this there hung n sort of little gallery, in which ho expected to seo tho -minister appear. But tho latter pre sently entered the tribune, aud sat down iu an easy chair, whilo Frank, suddenly con gratulating himself on his commanding posi- tion, proceeded to rako tho congregation tor a familiar face. But he could uot find one, and Dr. Baxter himself was uot the minister of tlio day. At this poiut the anthem was given ont, and Frank rose with the congre gation to sing. The opening of the singing was u fresh phenomenon to his surprise, nud ho then first observed that tiio littlo gallery above tho tribauo was now filled with a choir, chiefly of girls, who directed the vocal service. But still ho coald see Jane nowhere, aud a feeiing of extreme lassitude nud disappointment eaino over him. The congregation sat down to read, and rose again to sing. He found himself suddenly overwhelmed by his isola tion in a crowd of persons, ail of tlicm entirely out of sympathy with him, and u servant girl who stood beside him petulantly incommoded him with her elbow, plainly be cause bis presence prevented her sweetheart, who stood in front, from shoring her hymn book with her in comfort. Frank looked round once more for Jano Baxter, with a sudden intolerable yearning for sympathy, for company, but siill in vain. The chant closed, uud the congregation sat down again. Ho opeued a book and pretended to follow what was read, but his heart beat hysterically, and ho felt almost a; it he should faint. A woman in front of him took iter handkerchief out of her pocket, and he was bathed in an enervating wave of pat chouli. He fouud himself in such a eond.tion , of nervous irrilabilily that if it had been pos siblo he would havo left the chapel with precipi tation. Suddenly the congregation rose to sing a short hymu, nnd lie rose with it. As the lost i line was being chanted be cast his eyes iu despair around tiie whole muss of crowded heads, aud last of all glanced np into tlio choir. There, in the further row, with her eyes fixed full npou him, ho saw Jane Baxter, who had evidently been watching him ; and when their glauces met, her wholo rosy countenance broke into a frank and maidenly sinile of greeting, full of pretty pleasure in tbe surprise. The congregation sank again, aud settled fur tho sermon, and slie was entirely concealed from him onca more. But the revulsion of feeling was violent. Tlio wholo ciiapcl, a moment ago so inimical to him, became genial and welcome. Tno preacher, whose bomb ff forehead and formal mouth had annoyed him with tlio likeness of a skull, scorned now to bo a highly intelligent and earnest man, whose discourse he should presently listen to. Not nt ouce, however, for Frank hail first of all to discourse to himself. His heart, his brain, his ringing pulsus went ont in gratitude to Jnuo for her smile, aud for the first timo he said to himself that this bright and wholesome girl wonld mako him a good wild. A hundred arguments supplied themselves from the stores of his inexperience to prove that it would be an ad mirable step to talio, to engago himself, ut once, without dolay, nnd to this particular girl. Tho heat of the chapel, his ugitntiou, the fading smell of tho putchoali, seemed to com bine to intoxicate biin, and to surcharge iris will with u kind of fever. Ho chafed at thu length of tho sermon, which delayed him in his project. Snddeulv, in ono of the upper galleries, a child which had boon carelessly allowed to play on ono of the forms, fell with a crash aud a heartrending yell of terror more thau pain. Frank felt his heart stop beating. Tho minister continued his discourse with scarcely it pause, hut Frank found his cotirago absolutely gone. He seemed to have no more desire, er hope, or will ; but his fancy began — as it wero in a new place, to build up passive scenes, in each of which Jatie2 moved besido him as bis wife. The benediction snapped thi3 chain' of tableaux, and brought him faco to face with reality. He glanced at the rising fignresof the choir, and saw Jane smile at him again, the same pure, frank, uncoqucttish smile of freo and easy maidenhood. Ho pushed out throngh the sombre crowd, accompanied by an odor of peppermint, and waited in the sweet fresh wind at the oater gate of the chapel. When she appeared at last among the emer gent . mass of dincilr dressed people, he. was bitterly disappointed to seo that Martha Townlcy was at her side, and annoyed at a risible nudging of tbe one aud crimsoning of the other, as though he had becu tho objoct of their conversation. In tho deuso throng, however, that but slowly expanded aad dispersed, Jane recovered ber decorum, if sho hud ever lost it, and greeted him with a noet gloved hand fraukly outstretched. Ho loitered to see whether Martha would say gooJ-bvc, and tho girls to seo whether he would not leave them, so that he had to ask whetiier he might walk with them part of their way. This by no means pleated Martha, who set her jaw like a vice, and showed the plainest intention of gnarding Jane as a dragon. Jane, walking between them with unconscious sweetness, tried iu vain to draw them into conversation, and wondered that two such eliatty individuals should havo become so strangely reserved. IVovideuce, however, suddenly intervened in the simps of n noisy family of cousins of Martha's, who swooped down upon them at the corner of the street, and insisted on taking Martha home v.itli them to dinner. It was now Frank's opportunity, and lie seized it by courteously assuring them thai lie would have the greatest pleasure in seeing Miss Baxter home. Jane expostulated against there being any need to see lior home nt all, she went everywhere by herself, she said ; but tho end of it was that Martha, still extremely suspicious nud unwilling, waa dragged away by her cousins, and tho field as far ns Constautiue Villas was left open to Frank Oupolelt. The conversation of the vonng couple was much hvokcu by the throng of returning church and ciiapel goers which glutted the streets, and constantly interrupted them. But this confusion, and the sense oi privacy wiiliin pub licity, encouraged tbcm to be at tlieir ease. "I have been wautiug to tliuuk yon," she said, "for being so very kind about thu Humane Society, but I wisli you wouldn't." "Of course tbey must givo vou a modal. All the fellows at the office say that it was the bravest thing they ever lieurd of. And Mr. Leyonerona, who is rather influential, yon know, has written a letter himself about it." " How very kind of him. Pcoplo make so much of any little thing one doos, and of course one learns to swim ou purpose to be use- fnl if one had tho chance. What n curious name, that is, Lion — ? " " Leyonerona. Yes, iris grandfather was a Swedish general, but he is quite English. Ho is such a nice fellow. 1 think you would liko him." To this no answer, but a fresh question. "How did you amuse yourself at the chapel to-day ? " " A mure myself ? Well, I supposo on# doesn't exactly go to a place of worship for amusement," "Oh! I didn't mean 'nmuso' in that sense," sho answered quickly, blushing again ; "but you know we think tluit people ought to be bright nnd happy nnd uli that, at all events converted peoplo should." " I thought the Dissenters were always moon ing and groaning. I wns quite surprised to find tho service so — so amusing." At this moment they wore lorn asunder by a pbnlaux of ladies coiniug from tho opposite direction, and when they met her face was eager with inquiry. " Were you really nover in a chapel be fore?" "No, I think not," ho said; "docs that seem very odd to yon ?" " Yes, for wo have been in a church. When wo were at Salter by last summer there was no chapel, and wo went to church four Sundnye running. Do yon worship with the Puscvites ?" sho asked. "Well, I don't think there are exactly any Pnsoyites now. We are. rather high." " Do your sisters do much evangelical work ?" she inquired again. " 1 hope you don't tbiuk it rude of me to ask you su many questions? Yon see wo kuow so much tnoro about you lliau about your people." Wheu she said this she bceutne conscious of want of tact, and bit her lip witli vexutiou. Fortunately sho had lo leavo Frank to steer round two elderly gentlemen and a child, and this restored her with a great sense of relief. When thoy met again she glanced very slivly at him, but took courage at seeing his face beam with gratification. "1 don't think I quite understand what you mean. I suppose dificrcut sects givo d ffercnt names to the samo tilings. But they are not interested in tiie poor, and iu meetings, and in tlioso sorts of thiugs, as you all are. It is something quite new to me, and it seeius to me that you nil live much more useful lives lliau thu people 1 liavc been accustomed to meet." After this there was a perilous crossing, over which he conducted her with needless care, sinco, as she said, no ono' look lior over tho streets when sho went to distribute tracts iu tlic slams. Then sho proceeded, iu answer to hisardeut and sympathetic inquiries, to dilate - very modestly on the work the did for tlio poor, which was nut very much iu itself, and which she inndu as littlo of us sho could. To him, however, it assumed heroic proportions, but Ilia admiration throughout was uot of the work, but of her, and he smiled with confident self-gratnlntion to think that lie wns coming to tako her away out of it all. And (hen sho repeated her qucsfion about Iris sisters, and he was glad to talk to her of his home, ot Iris sisters, and tlieir elegant ways, of his mother, and even of his fathor, who had been a very successful dramatist in his youth, the author of certain melodramas that still brought in a fortune. " Bat I suppose you think tho theatre very wicked," ho said, smiling down ou her from his warm brown eyes. "Well, we do hold it to ho inconsistent," sho replied, with the candor that was her charm. " Bat a great change bus como over the body of late ; and even mother tnkes an onco or twica to tbo German Rccds's entertain ment ovcry winter. " " Do you ever go to tho Grecian," he asked, ' hccauso they are playing one of papa's pieces there now ? " "Ob, no! you do not quite understand; None of us liavo ever been into it real theatre in our lives." "That does seem so funny, because even tbe Ritualists, who aro so particular, do not discourage tbo theatre when it is respectable." "Well, I know my brolkor Jack has never been, nnd lie says that it is very absurd of ns to think that wc may go to the German Reeds', which is exactly the some in every thing but name. But ho is quite au old Puri tan, und of course ho must be wrong, because tliey say distinctly tbero that it is only nil en tertainment." ' The difficulty is in knowing lvhnt an en tertainment is. Some peoplo might call your Sunday morning service at the chapel an en tertainment, and think it was nut solemn enough, might they not ?" "Tlut is just what some of the old school of Dissenters do suy. My grandfather thinks Mr. Baggs's references to Tennyson nud Strauss quite profane." " Do yon think you shall always remain among the 'Baptists?" ho asked, shaking his curls at her with great intensity oi expression, for the precious minutes wero slipping by, and his intcutioa was pluia before liiui. "Oh, yes, I suppose so," sho answered, and glanced np at him, intending to ask him w by he asked, bat meeting something strange iu his look, was tronbled.ond forbore to speak. Thoy were within sight now of ber honso, vngne in the misty whiteness some bundreA yards away. "Yon nre so good and honest," ho said; with impassioned rapidity of utterance; "it; seems to me as if I had never known any- , body who was really good, before, and I feel, Jhatlcoold. liva weh_a. difforeq Ufo jy Tfc.il tomebody like yon to help mo. Would you iet me t&ko; a class in your Sunday school and help yon with the poor? Of coursa I could not do much unless yon taught me first. But I could learn anything from you. Yon might ho my good angel if yon would. I have never seen anybody liko you in my life. Don't bo angry with mo for being so sudden. When ono is quito sure of a thing, there is no nse in putting, it off, is there? Tell me that you will." He pleaded in such loud tones that ho was startled at his own Sound in tho silence that followed. "Tell you what?" she said at last, in a tremulous and almost inaudible vcice, totally in contrast with her habitual coniidonce of speech. " That yon lovo mo h — that you will let mo love yon ! — that you will be my wife !" She said nothing at all, hut quickened her steps, and in a moment they were at tho gate of her father's honse. She fumbled for the latch and ho opened it for her. But, although sho did not speak, she glanced up to thank him, and smiled a watery smile at him through blinding tears. And then ho found bimsolf alono ontside, a prey to tho most distracting sentiments of hope and fear. Chapter IV. \- About fen days after this walk from tho chapel, the reunited family of tho Capulotts Wero in their house at Kensington at dusk. On a sofa in tho larger of two sittingrooms, Which opened into one another, tho elder Mr. Gapnlett was stretched in a deep sleep, with a ghostly cambric handkerchief thrown across his face. In an arm chair, drawn up closo to the fire, which throw red reflections on the Crystals of her spectacles, Lady Friscilla sal wrapped in a lamb's wool shawl in a brown study. In the further room, by tho light of two was candles that throw hut small illumination around them, Miss Edith Capulctt sat between her piano and her harp, reading music from tho former and translating it on tho latter. Tho only other occupant of tha rooms was her younger sister Adelaide, who marched softly up and down tho outer room in the darkness. To these tho footman entered with a silvery clatter of tea-things, and was preparing to light the lamp, when Adcluido dismissed him. Sho went to tho window aud gazed out for five minutes at the yollow and dismal shadows that filled tho garden, tho black creepers swinging in tho wind, tho dripping skeletons of the trees, the squalor ol tho family cat. She then drew down tho blinds, and Edith's twinkling stars at a distance wero the only vestiges of light remaining, except the glow of the coal Adelaido still fidgcttod about, as if it wcio impossible for her to bo still, and at last walked into tho further room. " Will it he long boloro you have finished ? Tea is ready." Edith started. " I had no idea you were there, Adelaide. I must really excuse myself for this improper (proceeding. The fact is my own chimney smokes, and as mother rathor likes to hear mo practice, and as papa docs not count, I brought the harp down hero ; I had no idea '.rou wero indoors. Just lot me try this passngo over once more, dear, if you don't mind ? We have a rehearsal this evening, and I have not evui looked at it." Who went throngh tho passage, extinguished her candles, and joined tho rest. Adelaido mane np the fire. Mr. Capulott still breathed with a heavy regularity. Edith settled herself in an armchair, and leaned over the back of it, her sleeves still rolled up so as to show the plump whito arms on which she balancotl her dolicato face. Adelaide gave her mother aud sister thoir tea and then throw her self on tho sofa closo to them both, and the three women conversed in a whisper. " Aro you feeling pretty well, mother, this evening? Can you hear n shock, a kind of moral torpedo baltory ?" said Adelaide in a rather agitated voice. "Yes, I think so, if yon won't make mo guess what it is. Nothing unnerves mo so much as a conundrum." " I guess at once," said Edith ; "Frank has gone and married a ballot girl wbilo we havo been away ? " "No, it is not so bad as that, although it is rather bad. I will pat you out of your misery at once. Frank has eugaged bimsolf to be married." " I know it," said Edith, with her eyes cast up in imprecation. "I felt tlmt something of the kind was sure to happen." " But you are joking, aro you not, my child ?" 6aid Lady Priscillu. "No, X speak tho words of hitter earnest. And you need not ask 1110 how I know, for I will tell you at once — ho told me. He took me asido about an hour ago and privately indulged me with this public coufideuco. At this moment ho is in bis bedroom, suffused with blushos nt tho thought that 1 am divulging it to you," " Why did ho not toll us at once ?" "Because be was afraid to do so. Because all men ore cowards, aud Frank particularly 80." " 1 won't havo my darling hoy run down liko that. It is not pretty of you, Adelaide, after ho has confided in you." "Oh! I don't mean to bo unkind, mother, bnt I am thoroughly voxed and disap pointed. What is tho gotfd of our training that boy and making a gentleman of him if ho goes and marries a Dissontcr. "A Disscntor?" whispered Lady Friscilla, rrith an expression of agony. " Yon had bettor toll us the whole story, Adelaide, without sparing us any of tho dis graceful details," said Edith from tho hollow of her waxen hands. "Well, it appears that less than two months ago — I snpposo during our first or second week at Kisseugon — Frank saved a young girl from drowning in tho Faddingtou Anal — " " What an extraordinary thing that ho should nover have montioncd it in his letters," laid the mother. " And took her homo to hor people, who, of course, made much of him, and got him to come and ask after her. Evidently tlioy laid a trap for him, and caught him easily, though Frank will not hear of this. Ho suys that fhey are very good pcoplo, and I daresay they are respectable in their walk of lifo. Of conrso they want to marry their daughter." "But I don't understand," said Edith 5 "what was her attraction ?" "Oh, her appearance, no doubt; Frank says she is excessively beautiful, so wo may take it for granted that sho is fresh and pretty." " 1 must writo at once to the bishop about it," said Lady Friscilla. "Do you think that Frank is at all deeply involved yet ?" "He says he is betrothed to her, aud that neither gods nor men shall ever divide them. He seems very enthusiastic. Do proposed to her after going to their conventicle last Sunday week, after tho morniug service." "Just when wo wero enjoying a perfumo of skulls in tho church of St. Ursula," ex claimed Edith. " Only rcfloct, that if we had not gone to Krenznach tho woek beforo that we should have beou home iu time to stop this in&alliance; " She does not appear to havo accepted him then and there, aa I should havo expected her to do. Sho left him in wretched doubt and despair, he says. His expressions aro too poetical now to inspiro respect. But he 6oems to have been pursuing her since, and sho ac cepted him a week ago to-day— on tho morning of the day that we came hack." "It seems rather an absurd thing to ask, hut do yon happen to know whether she has money ?" asked Lady Friscilla. " It makes no difference in my decision. I shall in any case refuse to sanction the affair in any way," "From what Frank says I should imagine not a penny. They live in a very quiet way. i-He cava they work a great deal am/>nt» the J poor, and that his young lady visits the slums as assiduously as if she were a chanty com- missioucr, which is, of course, extremely praiseworthy of her, as she can hardly know that it is now the fashionable thing to do. But evidently they are quite poor." " What distresses mc most is that Frank, who has been brought up so carefully to respect tho establishment, and with the principles that I have always inculcated about sectarianism, should havo thought, even for a moment, of forming an attachment to a Dissenter. The bishop will be terribly grieved," sighed tho mother. "I suppose papa will have to bo told?" said Adelaido. " At what moment of the day do you think wo should havo tho best chance of arresting his volatile attention ?" asked Edith. " I should think that this was as good an op portunity as nny other. I know very well that ho will not do anything in the matter and that is why I must writo to-night to the bishop. But still I think your pupa ought to know. So I will now just go np to Frank's room and have a little chat with him, and when your papa wakes up you may try to interest him in it. Fcrbaps if you could introduce the matter in an impersonal way, as a tale or scandalous anecdote rel erring to some other family, you might win his attcntiou." As she said this with scarcely the shadow of a smile on her thin lips, Lady Friscilla Capulett rose, aud drawing tiro shawl closer around her throat, swept noise lessly out of the room, looking in the flicker ing twilight like the tail and disiiuguishcd ghost of some old fnmily portrait, aud hiding, with tho self command which was part anil parcel of her nature, tho auger that roso within her ambitious spirit like n blinding cloud of smoke. Frank inhabited a little suite of two rooms luxuriously aud even coqueltishly furnished. His mother had insisted on investing him, at his 21st birthday, with a sort of freedom of tho house. A lalcbkey, in au enve lope upon his plate at breakfast, bad been her gift to him that morning, and she aud his sisters installed him with pomp in the two upper room3, opening one into tho other, which had lain unfurnished since tho exile of tho eldest sou. The littio bedroom was a sort of ilowuy nest, hv fur too delicate for a young lad, with its grey hangings, pale yellow jasmine wall paper, and obonised furniture. Tho mother hail deliberately arranged all this, full of a vaguo jealousy of tho wife who should eventually cajole her boy from her, determining, at all events, that no negloct of petting or of maternal dignity should aid the "not impossible she," in her work of separation. The sitting 1 00m was larger, with a bright outlook towards the west, over a cluster of gardens. It contained a sofa drawn close to the fire, a long chair, a piauo and a couple of bookcases iu wild disorder. Tiro ladies of tho house outdid tho occupier himself in tho persistence with which they respected the bachelor air of the room ; and they even mado a jest of it — accusing ono another of pushing tho tobacco jnr into needless pro minence, and of arranging the beauties of the day in more fascinating groups around tho mirror. Tho mother would seem to havo boon at tacked by a sudden spasm of her habitual neuralgia. How else, at all events, can wo ex plain that betwoeu her dignified exit from the sittingroom nnd her gracious entry iuto her son's presence, sho passed a brief interlude by flinging herself on tho sofa in her own bodroom, and there spasmodically sobbing with dry eyes? The struggle, whatever it. was, whether pain or rage, had entirely passed away when hor son sprang forward from his armchair with u wel- como too impulsive to bo quito natural, and over whelmed her with nffectionate protestations. Sho consented to make hersolf comfortable ou tho sofa, unit sho commenced the attack, as careful strategists do, with misleading manoeu vres which seemed lo have nothing to do with Iho purpose of tho campaign. At last sho said, almost with an cxcoss of innocence — " Yon hnvo been amusing yourself, Adelaide tells us, witli 11 littio flirtation while wo have been away. 1 wonder you did not writo to toll us about the adventure you hud. You cau have uo idea how dull we were nt Kisscngcn." "ICissoiigen could not have beou tnoro dull than Kensington was." " Ah, 1 dare say. That is why 1 deprecate this custom of absolutely drainiug London at a certain moment of everybody that ouo cau kuow. Of course, you poor child, thore was not a single houso you could go to." "I suppose," said Frank, with a dosporato effort at ease of manner, " that Adelaido has told you about my new friends ?" "Yes. She seemed evon to ho inclined to exaggerate the amount of the friendship. I was just saying to her that it was impossible that you, with yonr principles, could associate with any comfort with a set of persons belong ing to one of tho denominations. Of course, 1 know very well that a tnnn must hnvo acquaintances in a wider circle than his sisters move in. I am sure I am always reminding myself of tho stupid fault parents make in not recognising that thoir childron aro grown up. Iu the choico of your associates I should never think of in terfering, becatiso I should leave you with coniidonce to your own principles. But I do think that, with your generous naturo aud want of knowledge of the world — llto vulgar part of it 1 mean — you nrc very likely to he taken in, just because you imagine everybody to bo as good as yourself." " 1 havo a great deal of insight into char acter, I can assure you, mother. If you think I am going to bo persuaded to joiu tho Buptists because I — just bece.uso sho — for any reason — you arc quite mistaken. But one may pluck tho applo that hangs from the thorny tree, don't you kuow?" " It will bo sure to turn out a crab, my child. Now quito seriously, toll me the exact truth about this scrapo you havo got iulo. Of course, wo can perfectly under stand that a sort of romnnco has attended yonr littio advonturo, and that you havo been indis creet. I dou't evon say that these good pcoplo have been actually designing. I hope thut they will prove to us by tho way that thoy bc- liavo that they havo no such conscious notions. Of course it Is a very groat thing to them to bo visited by a yonng man in your position. Now, just bo caudid with mo, and toll mo whut wc cau do to help you out of it. " " You must not think," said Frank, "that I can allow you to help mo out of it. I do not want to be helped out. Sho is a lovoly girl, quito a lady in every way. I am sure you will take to her at onco if only yon sec hor, aud she is so good and pious 'that it roally makes one quito religious to talk to her. And sho plays tennis 6pleiididly, aud swims and all that ; and she sings beautifully. If you will only get over the idea of lier being a Baptist, it will be all righi." " You know how 1 have always looked for ward to your being married by tho Bishop to Wisbeach. Now that would bo impossible." ' We rught to bo very glad to savo him tho trouble." " Really, Frank, you must not jest about serous things. You kuow perfectly well that it novcr is a trouble to a lVilloughby to serve another Willoughbv. In a certain sense tho bishop is the head of our family. As long as your cousin is under age, I shall always look to tho bishop as our chief. Aud you know, as well as I do, that he would most deeply disap prove of the atop you propose to take. Besides, i supjiose that this young person is not well off. On what do you propose to marry ? You must kuow perfectly well that wc have no superfluous means. When your papa married me, what ever proverbs may say, I raised him to im position. Tho duughter of an Irish carl was something, though 1 brought hiui nothing bat a little plato and a lap .dog. 1 was useful to him in bis profession, and 1 must say that ho has never reproached mc. But wc did export you to reverse the order of affairs. There is a great deal of sense in that thing about the Quaker, 'Go where money is.' Wa have done our very best to bring you whero money was, and now you tuko advau- fago of our absence to go where there is neither money nor rank, nor even the estab lishment. I hope Frank, that yon are not really serious ? " " I am, indeed ; I consider myself absolutely engaged to Miss Juue Baxter. " " Yon auuoy me, Frank," said Lady Fris cilla. " You arc so unpractical aud posi tive. I am not absolutely saying that I shall refuse my consent. 1 may" tell yon that if your brother made a similar match, I 6lrould absolutely refuse it; but then Augustus will bo tho head of the family and you will not. I recognise that you are in a certain degree independent. But I should grievo extrenielv if anything came of this attachment of yours, and it scorns to me impossible that in so wrv short a timo auythiug serious should have como of it. So without any prejudice to the vouug lady, I bog you to consider in your own mind whether you liave not made a mistake. We will talk it over again some other day, and now 1 mast positively kiss you, and burry down to dress for dinner." ' (lo he continued J 