Echos from England. 1 . . (BY HIITTMB JOHN.)?.' THE MANCHESTER CUP. \ IJONDON, June ¿b.-Apart rrora the Jyianonoster Cup the raoing in Cottonopolis on .Friday was tame in tho oxtrome ; hut tho one big ovont was sufficient to attract an unusually largo attendance. Ever , Binco the weights tor tho Cup appeared, Mr. Peok's . , gallant little chestnut, Tho Bard, has toon looked upon as a real good thing for it, and his position was in no degree shaken when tho weights' were raised. : Asoot, howevor, revealed a formidable rival in the Tupgill trained throo-yoars-old Riversdale, who made a hard fight of it with Button Pa) k and the Morgiana , colt, tho dead hoatora in the Prince of Wales Stakes, ; and it was said'that but for being interfered,with he ! would have won. Anyhow, this performance at ? onoo lifted him into , tho ? front rank in tho : hotting, and up (to the . / fall of tho, ' flag . ho and Tho, Bard disputed premiership; now, ono and then the other appearing at tho head of the : quotations. That backers wore corroot in fixing on < to thobo two animals was provod by tho result of the race. It was the general opinion that Tho Bard looked bettor than ho did in- tho Derby, and it could; be fceon tbat Riversdale had also improved since ; ABoot. All fear as to whether,, ho was, a i'¡'boy's ? horse" was ! dn- aipatod.when it was seen how geno-. ; ronsly, ho moved in the preliminary cantor, «nd with littlo Glover mounted it appearod that ho would ber ¡ able to carry out his inntructions to the lotter, viz.,, ! to go to,tho front and keep there.- ' Although he ran a bit wido at ono part of the'.race, the lad was able to' sot him right again. Considering tho value of the prize OÎ00O aova and,a sweep of ^S.oach^a fiold of ten-must bo reckoned a very poor. ono,¡and afforded but littlo - oncouragoment to tho givers of big sums', especially when wo, frequently Hud twenty horses competing for a paltry JÎ100 Soiling Plato. ¡. -IHR StroCESSlTUL'JOCKET. .-.-.V.-,.: ? ! Thero was Borne*racing m tho Alexandra Park on Saturday, when Wood had a succession of winning mounts. It is really wonderful bow many races ho wins ovor this course, and " Back Charley Wood" is tho gonoral tip for every event in which ho rides! . DBOPrED DEAD. V : Tho Stookbridgo meeting, - of .whioh the "popu lar jockey, Tom Cannon, is dork of the courae, followed its.'neighbor, . and tho faot of tho Prinoo of Wales havini? promised: to bo pi-osont, in . duoed a very fashionable attendance , Moreover, H.R.H.'s colors were sported in the .Stockbridge Cup on Counterpane (who it may bo recollected carried tho Royal purple jaoket to, victory in Sandown a short time ago). But so far from boing successful, tho Prince had tho misfortuno.to, lose tho filly, who died in the courae , of the' ,? race. . JuBt boforo roaohing tho - winning post' , (she' was 'running last) , sho faltered' and T.; Loates''1 tried to pull.' her up,';but the _ 'contretemps was" 'so Budden that tho jockey had not'timo to, jump, off the filly's baok-ho simply dropped off as-she fell. Just previous to falling Counterpane gave a. heigh- and : died without a, struggle. A poBt-mortdm examina tion disolosed'the faot that tho animal had.suffered from heart diaoaso.' . , . . . . ;¡ ...... !- AKOHEB TO THE. RESCUE, . '-'....JV,1' Odds-layors had a severo blow in tho; Hustbourne Stakes, when they, wagered G to 1 on Mr. Abington's Jack olüLautorn," for;- whom, on paper, ; tho' raoe seemed a certainty ; but "you novor can tell till tho numbers aro up,'.' and Marnia, after a sharp túsalo, defeated-tho favorite. , : Bird of Froedonrhad odds of 5 to 4 laid on.him for Her.Majesty's Piato.'^This time Aroher brought the plungers homo all right,'as he so often does when they, are in aore;straits, .They nearly carno tu grief, however, in ¡tho last race; for Tom Cannon - was within an aoo of upsetting Alarm's applecart with Mezzotint, : by : whom he was only beaten by ¡a short nook, i , . ? ;\ !;!0RICKET. I D'was. quite in keeping with the.ahominahlo luok whioh has followed ¡tho Australian team, so far, that owing to want of timo they were..robbed of »well? deserved victory over the ! Gentlemen of-England on! the Kennington Oval oh Saturday ; for when stumps were'drawn,' a littlo before! 7f o'olook, they wanted only 89.ruim'to vf inj which would have boen knocked off in a littlo óvor an. hour.u When my last-notes were'dispatched' the Gentlemen had finishéd Jtheir first; innings;; fdr "the colossal i total of 471 runs! Nothing daunted by, the'formidable task before thorn, "our boyB,";;with true Australian pluckisot to work manfully, and- by splendid batting "they actually topped tho hugo soore of the Englishmen by 17 runs. Sam Jones played a-really masterly innings of 151; Hô was cheered to* the eoho all round the ground whon he retired,1 caught by Turner! at'oover point. His innings, in point of merit, waB hardly equal to that of the great W. G. Grace (who, it wilt bo re oolleoted, made 148) j nevertheless it ' was well and soundly played. His soore comprised seventeen 4's, eight S's, Bevonteen 2's, and twonty-five singles. Graoo mado . seventeen . 4's, aix 8's, eleven two's and forty . singles. Jarvis made 71 in dashing Btylo when he was . glvon * out I.b.wi, a decision whioh did not acorn to ploaá'é him bis much as it did the bo wier, Patterson.' Giff en !and M'llwraith were tho only two who did not make double figures. Garrett's 49 not out wore well got, while Evan's tf^wVM:'-'ílso the roBnlt of good orioket ; 'Hhef catoh which got rid of him waa a very fine one. Both i Bonnor and Giffen were so lame that they had :| men to run for them. Going in a socond time tho Gentleman could do nothing with Garrett's bowling, i Tom" managed td find out a nice little Bpot, and'- he . kept bumping them up in Buoh stylo that the innings closed for 105. Roller and F, M. Laaas wore abBeht ;, BO only nine men batted. Thia loft our follows only 1 88 rans to the bad j but unfortunately there waa no; time for thom to begin a sooond innings, and the gamo 'j ended in a drawyory much in their favor; The. Gen« tlemen- batted'against''some oí tho best bowling I » have ' Seen- for. a1 long time,'* and- therefore their J performance in - making;^^ 471 Tuns-was "a very; fine one,'"even allowing for >tho easiness of .the wicket! The' bowling, of the Gentlemen'/on1 the contrary, was weak in'tho'extremoi' 'They .had not one first-class bowler in tho oloven, unless Roller can bo termed onei Ho bowled fairly Well,; but the rest of tho Btúff might have been play od by grarnniar-sohool boys. So,'after all; the big soore:made by the Australians did'nöt re present'any thing like the batting ability displayed»by their opponents'. Not that »I would wi.«h to dotraot frömthe merits' of their;-performance, for *488;ruhB wafctsome.gettirig against any kind bf í bowling. ' All I deBire tq say-is-'that considering the quality of -the bowliugonJeither side; thepérformanceofthé English-' men was tho better of the two. .ti ,: ; , j ' The match against'a st'rbngteam of* tho Players'of England in Nottingham also resulted in a draw. Tho Play ers. had;theUuok ftOiWiri the toss, and going in oh a very good wicket they ran up tho fine total bf ¿834 .? runsi 'Upto a.certainpoint our men had dooidedly tho \ bettor of .the gamejibut oh Barlow and Flowers getting ; together'.tho ;bowling:was!completely collared, land j thesetwó batsmen »krioqkcd up;no loss than 172 runs f between them before Ftowors was wellistumped,for a; | very fine 93. Sherwin, tho laat man in, thon joined tho j Lancashire bowler, and runs continued; to como ! freely1J until ; the clatter waa caught by íírumblé off j Palmer, ho. Shaving ; made 113. Ho waB decidedly lucky, for when he hud-made 58 he got.ithe benolit of au appeal for a catch at tho wicket, whioh looked amazingly like a wrong décision; and- he was misaod by Jones a few runs later., It is really j remarkable how.many oaay catches have boen nursed by our mon during the present tour. . The Australians went in Ito' batandmado 205 runs, consequently ¡theyíííbad to follow on. In thoir second attempt they made a better show, for they kept at tho wickets aU tholast day,:of the matoh.I and - when ; stumps woro ' drawn - ithey had I scored . 236 for six, wickets, ; or., 107- runB to the good with four wickotS; to fall {.-<8d ¡that . it can J be if airly said ;,that,.th'o ?drawi was ;;hötjmuoh against them.UwGifl?eu. was >; tho ; . hero' ...of - this.! match (on. the > Australian ; ;.- side) Ú :as >,he "made n72 * in tho firat innings, and 78 in the~seoond..<"l'HÍB»;play I waal.a- marvel{ofpatience, and ¡to' hihi ÍB due tho j credit of having saved the game. ;«-The match" against j Miodlesox .i bogan Î 3 yesterday . the weathor; i'was splendid. ; ; SpofforthHwhb is vroooveringJ rapidly); Bonnor (lame),' arid: M:Iiwraith;?wero sleftS^outi of the i i teaoi, , ¡and Rowley. Pope, . who:" ;;has been; ; {fielding M a . good ^eal - lately as substi tute for y cripples, !: was ; included-, inr tho .eleven. ;¡ Scott ..was again »unlucky ¡in spinning tho coin, so that thec>Englishmon:had;the advantage 'of the:¡first innings, whioh they utilisedtoAthe tnne:of ^59!runs. Batting, however, is the strong r point of Middlesex. Messrs. Walbor,Soott; andVornónhit freely and well, ahd 'S¿illmanVá'professional;'mttde^tho good soore Tot' 87;^f br whioh. ho was ? much 'applauded ¡, but hoi was* exceedingly lucky.;j 'Ho was first , oautrht off a " nb' ball then ike: was miBsed 'byi Bruoo frome an' oasy chance at; raid wicket, and again> by tho samó fields man later on. Evana bowlod remarkably well, aa thé following ahalysisiwitt^howi- 3ö öVerS;.18'maiäöns, SGrruns^ÖiWioketBi'riTalringlihtotcohsi^ \ splendid'wiokotj'îthis performauné'iaîa'îvory fine oho.1 j His fielding;-tbo¿ was . the-thorne'of >gerneral;';ádmira ! tion; and >was 'one of . the! foatur.es>of théí-iúningB; I This ÍBreally ;tho'firat timo ?>'. Tod'*-has had-a ohanoo of Bhqwingjwhat he. is mau^of/aBtbeygenorally'bowl him for half ¡;a dozen :b'vors 'atíd'! thou, take him: off. It'ivas a luoky thing for Middiosex that they-won? tho toss; for onr' the good wicket', and against the ïwëak bowling; of the county, it is' vory^prbbable that going in first our men would'havb kopt-up; their wickets for twodaysjiif not fdr the three allowed for tho'i match. Going' in an- .hour ' before time last :mght;r; Scott ¡and Jones' knocked up 96 runs 'betwobn them.f 'This morning they continued- their innings, ' and were' not BOparated' tmtii .'they- had- plaoud 155 on thé board.- ' Jones' was then caught by jWébbV'ih-ithè long field. ! off íá r splendid 'drivé; -which,' ' had- ho been' batting' > at ?.the * 'other v cadi- wouldhavo; iseirt! tho?v Jballo into'-VHh©^ ^pavilion. He^mado , -¿76. by ? really ^'nrst-blass » cribkbt, ' without '' having given a,ghost of a' ohanoe. - Giffen then joined Scott,' who'had boon playing in his1 bestistylb; and withrtlie; sooremt 210 the .láttort'oomplétéd i'his^dóntnry^ suah'.applauu'o aB'a!v"cryVünappreoiativö"or0wd(ot>uld bostow.;i Sobtt'at 272 was giveüv out'l hw "to Roberta abnphaving made' a magnificont scoro'j!bf 123' without' a' faulti; 5» Mis play wa»'splendid; and' he' treated all; the- bowling-alike";'i hia cutting váñdr driving' -'beitig' alike admirable;""i'';Jarvi8, who followed, only maaô'6^ when he was well oaught at cover point? high up {with1 ónehán'dhy'Stoddart; Í 28rf Or'three wiékëts. - JBrube,. the' next i manj waa beautifully oatight* at'point' by' vVàlkejçi-for B runs-295 for four wickets. ' The next' man: in;wás Trumblé; who playodlike an old woman,* and-wiisi deservedly oaught and bowled quite olose to'j tho bat by Burton for 3-803 for five ? wiokets. This j looks very like English "rot j'' it ia co'rtainly not l Australian form. Still more liku it when'Giffen was caught by Stndd off Burton, having made 77-six j wiokets for 300. Still worse, Blaokham oaught and " .bowled Burton for 0. Tho last four wioKots had ; only made 22 rune, and the bowling was wretched in j tho extreme. Moro rot; Evansoutl b w to Robertson [for 3 runs-308 for 8 wiokets. Intonso, oxoitoment ; Sand British ohooring. Garrott and Palmer are now jtogether. The latter. is tho next victim caught. iWebbo bowled Burton 8-9 for 827. Popo is the last ¡man, and runs began to come fast again whonGarrett iwaB loaught by SoOtt in tho long-off'off Burton for ' 29. AU ont 354, 05 to' the good-it ought to have ' been 19S.! Pope, not out, ll. Tho littlo man shaped splendidly and played the móát borroot -and tatylish criokot of any of tho sid«. A: sad event happened y os torday at Lords after ¡ lunohèon.'/ .'Captain'Hydo, who is well-known in Australia/ foil forward; from his Beat, and on being picked up was found to be dead. This gentleman waB well-known'in Australia when in tho P. andO. OO.'B aervioo as-" Jolly Hyde" and "Handsome Hyde;" and, if I mistake not, ho waB one of the gioneors of the steam servioo to Australia, via tho apo, when in oommand of tho E.S.S. Co.'s Jason, ' ; ' ROW1ÎTG. There is vory little doing in tho aquatio world just now. Matterson and Perkins are both away for a Bhort spoil, previously to going into training again. Beach and Petor Kemp aro having all the upper part of tho river, from Barnos to Iuloworth, to thom Boives, and tlioy aro fast getting into shapo. So far, tho champion has failnd to pleaso tho cognoscenti, but I boho vo that William ia foxing" a bit, and that be possesses a good deal moro stylo than ho ia pleased to display ' in public. Ho ÍB not BO finishod a porformor as sorno soullwa I havo soon on the Thames, hut there is no mistaking the grip ht gets of tho water, and when ho puts tho power on tho boat mast move. 1 havo not quite mado up my mind about Komp. Ha may bo a good man ; but there is something wanting about him whioh I can hardly deeonbe. The opinions of those'who have seen him row vary BO much that 1 cannot maleo out what his form is. Mat terson VOWB ho eau beat him easily, and somo Syd« ney people toll me tho same thing. Ho appears to be a good atrontr soulier, very resoluto, an<i evi dently a stayer ; while, as I said laBt week, tho fact of Tom Giblin having decided upon putting a " dollar" on him against Porkies would show that "tho stable" ia confident. Kemp has also a job on hand with Buboar for ¿8100 a side on July 24, the Saturday aftur his match with Perkins. I take a great interest in this event, as I havo a good opinion of Babear, who is fast coming back into form. Ho tells mo that in a trial before bis match with Nel Bon it was "hoads and tails" between him and Per kins. "Ho fully expected to ba tho "unknown" of Mr. IUD es against Kemp, and is very much disgusted ak being thrown over (as ho thinks) in favor of tbe Eotherhithe man. However, Mr. Innes con sive a long start to moat people in aquatic astuteness, and I expect that Perkins is really the better man of the two. I hope that adato may be fixed for tho sweepstakes whioh will suit Boaoh^ who vows that ho will not row late^thanvAagosji. However, in fixing tho time for a race on tho' Thames, a good many things mUBt be,takan,intq consideration ; ßueh as thostate of thá Jtide,' and the"avoidance of clashing with racine events. ,v The,'latteria a .very. important point, aa it afi'obts''.tto^'bp^m^ney'' to a groat extent. In qoa vejraation'-with MnVlnncB a .few days ago, he told mo that the^firat Monday iu; Sopteinber would clear all, thpsb point8,;and I dare say tho champion would not; object?tdi row, ¡proyided.the.raoe .took plaoo not later . than . the first , week in "September, np to whioh time, we may reasonably,' oxp'oot tine weather, moro par tîoula'rly\à3rwè hayo had a late -summer. As Beaob, will be. the great "draw,'-' Í have no doubt that every thing in reason will be done ,to suit his convenience.; '..?'H."?''.Vt.'vf'iv y V » ' ., 'ii .i': ¡j;L-^sc(l . 