SELECr POETRY. THE BLUB HEEON. . Where water grass grows evergreen, On damp, cool flats by gentle stream*, Still aa a ghost and aad of mien. With half-dosed eyes the berou dreams. Above him, in the sycamore. The flicker beats a dull tattoo ; Qoli'diisf" 6t blooms' And, from the thorn it loves ao well, The oriole flings out its strong . . Sharp by, frtbo^pt b thp crndble OF its flaine-cucled soul of song. The heron noda. "Hie charming runes : Of NatnreV music thrill Ins dreams ; The joys of msay Hays and Junes Wash past him like cool snmurer streams^ What tranquil life, what joyful rest. To feel the touch of flagrant grass, And doae like him, while tenderest A DEAKTE or FIXE NOVELS.—The literary world must observe that of late the supply of novels of any intellectual worth is very limited. Since " Daniel Deronda," nothing has appeared to create a ripple on the surface of the stream of fiction. Good creations are rare; so nothing has been introduced into the . market since Wolfe's Bchnappa that can compare with the unrivalled elixir. Always ask for Wolfe's Schnapps. An American editor was lately appealed Co by m fair IW w|wllillwit apas (M delicate matter :—"I am advised,? she wrote, "to 4»ia»!tise oa tbe piano three boors a day, but where would you recommend me to do it ?" " In the woods, my dear young lady." was his cynical rejoinder, "in tbe dark, deep, dismal, distant, dangerous woods." He was losing his hair. "What you want," said the barber, as he ran his fingers through the few remaining hairs on the head of a customer, " what you want is a bottle of m.v hair restorer." "What I want," replied the customer," is a divorce." Tbe barber said no more. HOLLOWAT'K -PUIS. — Prevision. — As autumn treads ou winter, slender, delicate, and pale-faced youths become listless, languid, and debilitated, unless an alterative, combined with aoine tonic, be administered to quicken their enfeebled oijgans. This precise requirement is supplied in these noted Pills, which can and wilt accomplish all that is wanted, provided the printed in structions surrounding tliem meet with scrupulous attention- Holloway's Pills are especially adapted to supply uie medical wants of youth, because ms medicine acts gently, though sorely, as a purifier, regulator, alterative, tonic, and mild aperient. A very few doses of these Pills will convince any discouraged invalid that his core lies in bis own hands, and a little perseverance only is demanded for its completion. WORKING MEN'.—Before ynn T>egin vnur heavy spring work after« winter of relaxation your system needs cleansing anil strengthening prevent an nttne-k of bilious or rpriog for c-r or sickness that will unfit you fur a MSWOU'S work. Yon will save time, sicknrss and expense if you will use one bottle «f American Co.'s Hop Bitters in your funily this month. t)i>nt wait. Read As ALABABTKB Bos.—Voting girls finding their complexion growing sallow, and their skin becoming rough or freckly, reeort to perfumed ointments for a restoration of their blooiu. All such should use American Co.'s Hop Bitters, which will restore bloom to cheeks, whiteness and beauty to their complexion. Hinting rich blood, good health, and happy smiles. Bead " HEATING'S POWDER" destroys BOGS, FLEAS, MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating Beetles tbe success of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application. See tbe article you purchase is " HEATING'S," as imitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in Tins. 6d., 1b., and 2a. 6d. each, by all chemists. : • ; "FOB THK BLOOD IS TBE LIFE."— CLIBKE'S WORLD-FAKED BLOOD MIXTOBE is warranted to cleanse tbe blood from all imparities from whatever cause arising. For scrofula, scurvy, skin and blood diseases, aid spies of all kinds, ?ts effects ant marrelloos. Thousands of testimonial*. Sold in bottles, 2* 9d and lis each by Chemists and Patent Medicine Ven 'on everywhere. Sole Proprietors, THK 'LIN- COLN ADD MIDLAND COCSTIBS DBOO CO, England. OSE Box or CLARKE'S B 41 Pius is warranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutions!), gravel, and. pains in tbe back. Guaranteed Free from Mercury. Sold in boxes, 4s fid each, by all Chemists and Intent Medicine Vendors; Bole Proprietor*, TBE LINCOLN AXD MIDLAND GOPH- TIES DRUG CO , Lincoln, England. Wholesaled ell tlie Wholesale Houses:' . TOWLE'S PEHSTBOTAL AXD STEEL PILL FOB FEMALES quickly oorrect all irregnlaritiea. and relieve thediStressingSymptoms so prevalent with the sex. boxes Is lid and Ss 9d, of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T. Towle, Chemist, Nottinc' England. Wholesale of all the Who! Houses. Beware of Imitations. Dream-wavea across my sleep would pass. •—Maurice G. Thompson. 