THE BELT 'FBAUDS. BICHABD BELTS STRANGE CAREER. [From our London Correspondent.! __ ? **»fcnvMarchI9.1S86. If tbe extraordinary story of -the career of the young sculptor Richard Belt, who was Jaet -week sentenced to a year!s imprisonment lor fraud, could be narrated by the praetnsediand of some well-known smter of fiction {say James Fayn or Mrs. Oliphaut), it would form a romance as enthralling and successful as -was ^Ltrof /Mirailafefl btr Mr. 'Mnriia. T!ha nm* «f poor parents, Belt might have lived and died unknown^-or-sct best become a moral deeorator t ? —but for tbeJrindnesaof a wealthy benefactor, -who, believing riie saw_ unusual premise in tbe boy, found Jam the ways and means to study art under famous sculptors. As a youth Belt unquestionably achieved considerable success, but he -? was - never popular with his brother students. They declared he lacked the true artistic anstanct — moreover, 'that ha had . a -Vulgar mind. To the rich and influential his .manners were so suave and impresses^ to merit ?the designation 'slimy ;' whereas to poor or unsuccessful comrades he was contemptuously familiar. Outside the profession, however, Belt made plenty of friends — indeed, he - assiduously cultivated all who could possibly be of any use to him. Generally speaking people at first disliked the young man, but he could almost always conquer such initial im pressions when he chose, and over easy-going folks obtained a surprising hold. In a very few years Belt became the pet of Bel gravian drawing-rooms and a famous and busy sculptor. Lawes had been a fellow- student of Belt, and for a time bis friend, but (according to his own account) he found the man out to be a 'cad,' and they quarrelled. After that Lawes publicly called Belt a charlatan and a low-minded beast. The artist fraternity from thence eeemed to make a dead set at young Belt ; no wielder of brush, pencil, or chisel having a good- word for him. Then came the great libel case Belt was forced to bring in order to clear himself of Lawes 's accusation, that he fraudulently palmed off the work of Mr. Ter Heyden and others as his own. Despite the expert evidence of Sir Frederick Leighton and other famous artists who pronounced - against him to a man, the young sculptor pulled through this case trium phantly ; a capital bust which he modelled in clay under the eyes of the court effectively evidencing that he at least possessed some pro fessional ability. Tfle truth of course waB Lawes went too far. Had he confined himself to the mere statement that Belt was an indifferent artist whose 'ghosts 'did more of his work than was legitimate no action could have been brought. When Belt left the law courts in 1S82 with bis artistic character and professional reputation completely reestab lished,. and a verdict carrying £5,000 damages in his pocket, it was naturally prophesied that a long and successful career lay before him. On the other hand Lawes and his solicitor, Mr. Geo. Lewis, solemnly vowed Belt's very suc cess should be his ruin. And so it proved. From court to court they carried the case until the verdict was finally confirmed ; then Lawes went into bankruptcy. Sir John Lawes (father of the defendant in Belt v. Lawes) is a Croesus, and backed up his son throughout till this point, when it was arranged between them the latter should go into the bankruptcy court. Young Xaawes then pleaded he was penniless, quite depen dent on bis father for everything. Thus Belt was baulked of his rights and reduced to beg gary. The papers pronounced it a scurvy business, and so 1 stiU think it was. Sir John Lawes and his son plead that any tactics were justifiable acting against such a scoundrel, and some people may now feel inclined to agree with them. I cannot. Poverty is a terrible incentive to over-sharpness, especially with such a man as Belt, who possesses a pood deal of natural cunning and natural duplicity. But for 'Belt v. Lawes' plung ing bun in hopeless money difficulties we should probably never have heard of this Abdy business. I attach hereto Mr, Lucy's somewhat prejudiced account of the case, pub lished in the Daily News. It is in many respects not altogether just to Richard Belt. I believe, indeed, any other man would have been ac quitted. The entire case hangs on the almost unsupported evidence of Sir William Abdy. It was Sir Charles Russell's masterly pro secution and Mr. Justice Stephens's sum ming-up which secured the conviction. The judge thought both the Belt frauds, and practically told the jury so. He was, indeed, as much against the sculptor as Mr. Justice Huddlestone ? in the libel case was for him. Belt, both himself and through his counsel, indicated that his un pleasant position was mainly due to the malignity of Mr. Geo. Lewis, Lawes's soli citor, and a personal enemy besides. No doubt this is true. Abdy most certainly had no intention of proceeding against Belt (who he frankly admitted had taken a lot of friendly trouble on his behalf) criminally till Lewis and Lawes suggested it. Mr. Lucy sums up the case thus: — Mr. Richard Belt has long been known aB a sculptor, and in an exciting trial some years ago succeeded in vindicating his artistic cha racter against charges which involved in sinuations of fraud. It is not clear.whether the case just concluded against him was connected with the former, but it starts with his making the acquaintance of Sir William Abdy in 1882 or 1883, and in the latter year obtaining from this new friend a loan of £2,000 on his personal security. There are suspicious circumstances connected with this loan. It was urged for the defence that it was «i gift for valuable services rendered ; but the services seem to have been the granting of imaginary protection against invented dangers. Belt seems to have told Sir William Abdy that there were plots against him, and that stories were being circulated against Lady Abdy'-e character. Anonymous letters were received, and the employment of a detective was spoken of. It was for supposed assistance in investigating and meeting these schemes that the £2,000 was advanced. No proof of the truth of these representations was given, and they were probably entirely baseless. They had succeeded, however, in showing that Sir William Abdy was squeezable, not to say gullible. Belt seems to have resolved to follow up a lucrative game; and it was upon these subsequent proceedings that the charge of fraud was based. The idea, of buying diamonds seems to have been pre sented to the minds of Sir William and Lady Abdy, and Belt was ready with a suggestion. His brother dealt in jewels, and they knew of a large quantity of valuable diamonds which a Mrs. Morphy, a late mistress of the Sultan, was willing to sell at a very low price. Lady Abdy -was naturally anxious to atsquire these remarkable jewels, and her husband was willing to pay for them, so that the services of the sculptor friend were accepted and the bargain secured for only £3,000. A short time after this a riviere of diamonds was purchased in the same way, for which £1,965 was paid. By this time Sir William's ready money was exhausted, but not the in genuity of his friend. There were more of the diamonds, and Sir William was assured that it would be easy to get money advanced upon them. Belt had a friend, a medical man at Kensington, who would willingly make the loan at 6 per cent. An agreement was drawn up by which Belt advanced £4,500 at that rate of interest, the jewel lery to remain in his hands till it was redeemed.* There was a mystery about this agreement, which the judge regarded as a mere fictitious document, equivalent to a promise to pay ' 6 per cent, on the purchase money for the diamonds till (he payment for them was made. The prosecutor's view of the transac- . tion, and the obvious one, though it reflected on his own common sense, was that the medical man had rescued the jewelsfrom the clutches of some person who was charging a usurious rate, and that he insisted on 6 per cent, for his trouble. In the summer of 1884 a further purchase was made. Belt told Sir William Abdy of a valuable black diamond which was to be sold very cheap for £600, and. the bargain was secured. So the game went ou. Sir William Abdy pa'd in cash £8,000 for jewellery, every article of which was palmed off upon him by some plausible repre sentation. He had made bargains with Belt for purchases to the total amount of between £14,000 and £15,000. Quarrels arose about the nse of the jewels, which were sup posed to be in the custody of a bank, and Lady Abdy's suspicions bang excited, the diamonds .were placed in her hands. She was disap pointed in them,'aDd insisted they had been changed. She consulted a jeweller,, who at once indicated their true value. Sir William Abdy then brought an action against Richard Belt for false representation, asto the value of the jewels, and fortherecoyeryof the original loauof £2,000. The action was practically undefended. Richard Belt put in a statement that he, being a sculptor, did not understand jewellery ; and that these diamonds had been offered to him on the isame representations he had in good faith repeated to Sir Wm. Abdy, in the belief that they were true. Judgment was then, by \- consent, entered for Sir William Abdy, with costs. Here the matter might have ended if Belt had been able to pay back his ill gotten profit. But he could only pay £100, and then went into bankruptcy. In the Bank ruptcy Court it was found that the jewellery had allbeen bought from silversmiths and pawn brokers, at prices far below those which Mr. Belt had represented. The 'black diamond worth £600,' had been bought as a Cape dia mond for £470, and the total sum paid for the jewels wasabout£4,000;thoughSirWilliamAbiy had been charged £8,471. Had the whole of the agreements to purchase been carried out he would have paid £14,200 for jewellery which had cost Belt about £6,000. It is difficult to apportion the feelings of contempt which the story of this series of clumsy frauds excites. It might be open to . discussion whether the greater folly should be charged to the criminal or to sis victim. People with an average share of common sense find it impossible to understand how men with money at their disposal and some experience or tue world can De induced to believe sucn representations. It is even more difficult to comprehend the self-delusion which could have induced Richard Belt to believe he could explain his fraudulent schemes away to the satisfaction of a jndge and jury. If knave3 did not thuBover-wacn themselves things would go much worse with the fools who are their natural prey, 