SI* ftlnry’s C athedral. A SO LEM N CEREM O N Y . A solemn ceremony was held yesterday. n St. M aty's Cathedral, when a young lady renounced the world,its vanities, and its pleasures, and was received into the Presentation Order of N uns, or whs clothed with the white veil,” in the presence of a large and devout congregation. In addition to the ordinary worshippers there were Major Sullivan, Mr R. J. Beedon, Dr. and Mrs E. L. Crowther, Major O’Boyle, Mr and Mrs Cecil Allport, Mr Dooley, Mr Duffy, C.E., Mr Bailey, Mr Finlay, Captain Robinson, etc. The high altar was beautifully decorated with flowers, while the sanctuaries of the Sacred H eart and the Blessed Virgin were moBt tastefully arranged with floral tribute- in honor of the occasion. More than spec al interest ras centred in the proceedings as the oung lady, who took the veil received je r education in the Prese tation Convent, and when she returned to her parent's house i >Brisbane, and mixed in iomety, her sole wish was to return to ..he convent aud the preceptors from whom she had receivod her training. ‘ be fair devotee is Maria O’Donovao, who appeared to great advantage in a few of the roll ious dramaB which the young lady boarders of the convent were wont to give from time to tim e in the Presentation schoolroom, and ber father is librarian to the Queensland Parliament, and her career has been m arked with aptness of (study and ueneral devoninesa beyond the cares and trouble a of the outside world. At 11 o'clock sharp the great door on the left of the transept of the cathedral opened, and the first pro* cession commenced beaded by th e crossbearcr&ttd; tw obbys throwing incense to the Most High. Among the procession were a number of boys in cassocks and white surplies. Rev. T. M. O'Cailaghar* Rev. J . S. M cKeraan, Rev. Dean Beechinor* and Bov. Dr. M urphy, Bishop of H obart, who was arrayed in full pontificals, mitre, gilded crosier and other insignia of bis exalted effioe. N o sooner had tbe clergy passed through the portion of the church allotted to them and taken their places within the saucluary itiau another door opened, aud a grand possession slowly entered (he church, and procerded to the chancel- The prooeraion was headed b tbe crossbearer (Miss Kathleen O’Donovan, a 9ter of the novice), who was beautifully attired in white, and was followed by three pretty little dots—Mies Oruusel, M orriss, and O'Donovau, namod " th e angels." Closely following was the youog lady boarders of the Convent, all sombrely attired in black, w ith rich white veils covcriag their heads and shoulders. Then came the professed nuns of the Prerentation Convent, walking slowly in couples, followed b, the Lady Sujwriorese and the M other Assistant, between whom walked the noviceelect (Miss O'Donovau). attired in a bridal costume of while satin, with heavy trimmings of old Limerick lace. As tbe solemn procession wended its way to the sanctuary the hymn ” O Gloriiosa Virgiuium ” was sang by the choir, and the religious ceremony of incensing the candle and sprinkling it with holy water were ]>roceeded with, while the novice was knet-ling humbly in front of the aliar. Tho Bishop, who acted as cc'cbraut. advanced and pre* seated the cnodlc lighted to the noviceclcct, who received it knceliog, and remained io that prsitien, while the following praver was offered u p :— " Receive dearly beloved daughter, this corporal light as an emblem of tbe inward lh lit to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error that, illuminated by the light of divine wisdom, with the favor of the Holy Ghost thou mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the spouse of the ebureb, who livetli and lelgncth with God-the Father, in the unity of the H oly Ghost, wor.d without end." Tbe usual sefmoa omitted from the oiremooial, owing to the length of tihte whioh the Bolemn formalities h°d occupied, uud the noviceelect was then eouducted by the Superiores«, and tho M other Assi- tant towards the Bishop, who occupitd big throne in front of the Hi>.h Altar. Thp Right Rev. Co obi ant asked the kncplmg novice:—“ My child, what do you d<‘uiHt>d?" I he answer, in tom'B of KWct-tn-sv aud purity, which were dist>nci1y and char y beard throughout tbe va»t asseiub’age, was “ The mercy of God, the Holy H ab it of Religion, tbe charity of tlu O rder, aud the society of the motliera an'i sistcre." After a prase caiuc tile 6jleuin qu scion, 4 Is it with your own fr< • will and consent you demand ihc ilu lj H abit of Religion." W ith humbleness and due deliberation came the apswpr “ Yes, my Lord." Turning to tbe Lady Superioress the Bishop asked, “ R ererend M other have you enquired into the other points neccs.-ary to he known for those wbo enter into Religion, aud are you fully satisfied ihctcoD," and with humble bow the R tv. M other auswered, 41 Yes, my Lord," aud ratisfied with the replies the Celebrant in solemn tones put the question, “ My child hare you q firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your hie, and do yon thiuk you have sufficient strength to hear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus C onst for the love and fear of Goj alone P" W ith upward look end calm, steady voice the reply was, “ irelyiog on the mercy « £ God, and on the prayers of tho mothers and sitters I hope to be able to do so." The Bishop then rose from his seat and said, 44 W hat God has commenced in you may H e perfect," and “ M ay tbe Iiord banish from you the old man with his works," which was followed by a solemn 44 A m e n in the course of which the novice elect retired, accompanied by the superioress and tlio M ptber Assistant to cast off tho bridal and worldly garments to don the humble and plain robes of tfle order. Tbe chanters immediately intoaed the psalm, “ In exifco, Israel," w hich was sung most effectively by tlie choir. This was followed by the blessing of the habit aud prayer. Tbe Bishop sprinkled tho veil with holy w ater,after which the Religious sat down and continued the psalm until the novice returned, accompanied by the Lady Superioress and the Assistant Mother, clothed in the guimp and veil, but w itho ut a cincture, aud uad in her hand a wax caudle lighted. As soon as the novice was perceived from the choir the chanters commenced the following antiphon, which was continned until she reached the front of the sanctuary, 44 W ho is she who comclh up from the deserts, flowing with delights, leaning upon hor beloved? Thou art all fair, m y beloved, tnoek and beautiful. Come, my spouse from Ltbanus, come from Lihanus, come, thon shall be cruwnod." Tbe novice now knelt boforo the Bishop who made the sign of tbe cross over her, and over tho remainder of tho religious dress with wliioh she was to bo cloLhed, and after prayer tbe Lady Superioress raised the novitiate, tlie assistant presented tbe cincture who put it ou the uovice, which was followed by th e blessed veil. Tbe asastant next gave ber tbo wax candle, and tbo celebrant having sprinkled her with h ly water, s a id :—4 To him that ovurcomclb," says our Blessed Lord, 441 will give you a name." Ho continued :—*■Tho name which he gives you, my dearchildiBhould animate you to resist with perseverance and to overcome Satan. Henceforth you, Miss M aria D'Donovan, shall bo called Sisior M ary Francis Xavior. JJp the bumble hundmuid and willing child of t -e Augu«t V'iign, whore r a ne you have ibo honor to tear." The UoViCe, stuudiug, said:—" T h e empire of the world and all the grandeur of this earth < I have despised for lore of our liord Jesus Christ, whom I have scon, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth/’ The novice then sang th e 4‘ Quem Vidi ” with thechoir; and at the hymn " Vcni Creator" the prostrated herself. The Bishop then said prayer, the novice being still pros* trate. after which the Mother Assistant directed her to rise, and conducted hor to the Lady Superioress, to whom sho knelt, and who raised and cordially em* hr*iced her. She then embraced each of the other Religions, making an inclination before and after, commencing with the elders on the right aide, and then on the left. She finished by saluting the Mother Assistant, who brought her back to the Bishop, wherd sho again koolt holding the candle. Daring the ceremony, the chanters intoned the Psalm, 41 Eece quam bonum," which was continued by the choir. After the last vereiele the chanters in. toned the “Dens Misereatar," which was continued by the choir, while the Religiou8 departed processionally as they entered, and the imposing and interest* ing cexemony was at ao end. Great credit is due to the choir who, under the able leadership of Mr McCann, rendered the beautiful music of the ceremony end of Farmer's Mass in B flat with so much taste, that a t a slight refection, after the roceediogs terminated, Father O'Cal- Eighsn thanked the members on behalf of the nuns, and said that if it had not been for their efforts, the ceremony would have been robbed of its most glorious effect and lustre. The visitors, through the kindness of Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, were supplied with manuals, by which they could easily follow the order of the proceedings, and thereby considerably enhanced the interest of the ceremony. In the afternoon Mis Excellency the Governor, who takes a great interest in the order, visited the convent. In the evening, vespers were chanted by the Very Bev. Dean of Launceston, and a sermon appropriate to the occasion, was preached by the Her. Father MclLernan of Longford. 