' NEW YEAR'S DAT. A larga number of amusements aro hoing provided for pleasure-seekers to- morrow. TattorsaU's Annual ltace Meeting will commence at Randwick. Tho first evont is tho Hurdle Kneo, which will take place at 1 o'olock, and fivo other races will follow. Tho'baud of the Now South Wales Artillery will perform on tho lawn, and for tho first timo on this «ourso the numbers of competing horses will ho displayed on their saddlo cloths. The sports in connection with tito Highland Socioty will take place on the Association Ground, Mooro Park. Tho prograuuno ls a most attractive one, and is suro to be carried out successfully. It includes amongst other events, flat races, walking matches, obstacle mc ¿a, wrestling, bioyoling, opon to all comers and amateurs, dancing, piping, bayonet oxeroisos, pole-vaulting, high jumping, and tossing tho cabar. Tramy will run to tho gates, and every necessary provision has boon made for tho requirements of visitors inside. Tho intercolonial wnrehonso cricketing match between Victoria and Kow South Wales will commence at noon on the Agricultural Society's Ground, Moore Park. Tho running in connec- tion with the Parramatta handicap will bo coutmoncod, and a prngrammo of sports will bo carried out at Penrith, to which trains will nm at excursion rates. It is nina .nnouncod that cheap trains will run to Goulburn, over the Blue mountains to Bowonfels, and to tito various stations on the Illawarra and Waratah, lines. Tho Manly Aquarium, which has provod a groat attraction ever oiuco its inauguration, will bo open -from 10 o'olock in tho morning until tho santo hour at night, and steamers, which aro tho finest in tho harbour, will run down nt various intervals. Tboso vito desiro an ocean trip, and to seo sconory which is ono of the pic- turesque glorios of tho colony, may bo gratified by taking tickets by tho Sydnoy, which leaves Lime-street Wharf at 10 o'clock, or by tho Hawkesbury, both of whioh aro an- nounced to proceed to tho Hawkosbury Uiver. It should bo understood, howerar, that tho first named steamer will only gp as far as tho now railway bridge, and that tho Haw- kesbury will go as far us Sackvillo Keach. Saudriugham. which is situated in tito oentre ox- very charming scenory, will no doubt bo largely patronised, visitors may proceed by train to Kogarah, and thence hy coach, or they may take passagos by the stewnor Kembla, whioh will loa ve Circular Quay 'at 1*0 o'clock for Botany Bay, and tho landing plnco at Sandringham, Mr. Toliemacha's pleajure grounds will be opou 'to them, lind they univ ramblo over tho beach or indulge in fishing. -ît the pavilion, Botany, there will bo dancing and rustic spoi ia, and an entertainment by tho Alhambra minstrels. Picnics will bo hold nt Chowdor Bay; Correy's Gardens, Parramatta Kivor; Cremorne, Clontarf, Tonnysou, Poarl Bay, and Forn Bay. Tho theatrical nttractiono will consist of "My Sweet- heart " nt tho Opera Houso, tho coinio opera "Falka" at tho Criterion Tbcotro, the pantomime " Dick Whittington" at tho Royal Staudard Theatre, a varioty entertainment at thc Alhambra Music Hall, tho pantomimo "Sleeping Beauty" at tho Thoatro Royal, and "Tho Woman of tho People"'at tho Gaiety Theatre. Tho Fedoral Minstiols will also givo a holiday bill at tho Academy of Music, and Mr. D'Arcy Road's ghost entertainment will take place at tho Masonic Hall. At tho Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, a military concert will be given undor tho auspices of the Scottish Rides. The programmoin connec- tion with this is well varied and highly attractive, and tho best available talent has boan engaged to carry it into effect. _ 