Flotsam. An old but gay Lothario, noticing a pretty girl alone in a railway carriage, opened tlie dour and smiliugly asked, u Are these seats engaged, miss ?' ' No, sir, but I am, and lie is going to get in at the next station,' she answered. ' Oh — all — indeed — thaulcs — beg pardon and, looking veiy foolish, lie hurriedly entered a smoking carriage. It you wish to communicate with tho finny tribes of the sea, first drop them a line. A magazine is speoul&tiug; as to u the kind of clothes ghosts wear.' \\\ e always supposed tbey wore spirit wrappers. A swimming school in Frankfortonthe Main announces in English, 'Swimming instructions given by a teacher of both sexes.' 'Su you prefer my medicines to those of l)r. PilsburyV'' Mi's. Mulligan: 'Ooli, indadc, doethor dear, ye're a dale better than tlrother I ould humbug !' | ' What did your father leave you when he I died, Pat':' ' Faith, he left me an orphan?' I 'You never saw my bands as dirty as that?' j said a petulant mother to her little girl. 1 j ?' Xo, but your mother did,' was the reply, j Information comes from St. Louis that the ! servants girls are jouiing the Knights of 'Labor. \Vc think the joining is done by a priest. — Boston Traveller. An original way of answering two questions ?-it a time : ' Here, Biddy, my darling, what's the time of night and where's the pertaty pud ding?'1 ' It's eight, sir.' Some inquisitive person sent Sarah Bern dardt a set of printed questions to fill out. Among them was, 'What's your favorite animal f' She answered, 'Man.' Wiiv is a baby like new flannel? Because t shrinks from washing. A Chicago preacher in an attack upon the weed says that intelligent and discriminating cannibals, no matter how intense their hunger, will never touch the flesh of a mau who chews or smokes tobacco. This is an important fact that missionaries going to the other side of the world to Christianise barbarians should re member. , A clergyman's wife, calling on Mrs. Glad stone at Hawarden, remarked, in speaking of the elections, that these were troublous times. ' But,' ejaculated she, piously, ' there is One al-ove that will guide us.' u Yes,' said Mrs. Gladstone, ' he will 6cc ub through it ; and, if you will take a seat I daresay lie will be i downstairs in a few minutes.' i 'Ah, John !' she said, just before marriage, ' 1 fear I'm not worthy of you. You arc such a good man.' 'Never mind, Martha, I'll ch&ugc; all that after the wedding * Kalzac says the whisper of a. beautiful woman can be heard further than the loudest call of duty. But the man who is creeping ! upstairs with his boots off at two o'clock a.m., and hears the whisper of his wife as she leans over the banister in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. His chief thought is how much he would like to change his boots for a pair of wings. A would he wit once said, speaking of the fair sex : i ' Ah, it's woman's mission to make fools of men.' 'And how vexed we are,' said a bright-eyed lady present, 'to find that nature has so often forestalled us.' .Suppose a man marries his first wife's step sister's aunt, what relation is he to her ? Do you give it up ? He's her husband. Ik there is any one thing which the average busybody can do satisfactorily it is to tell a parent how to govern the other's child. 'What is a lake?' asked a teacher. A bright little Irish boy raised his hand. ' Well, Mickey, what is it?' 'Shure, it's a hole in the kettle, mum.' Perhaps he thought she meant a leak. One of Sir Boyle Roche's invitations to an Irish nobleman was amusingly equivocal. 'I hope, my lord, if you ever come within a mile of my house that you'll stay there all night.' Is tho case of a man who died from having had all iiis teeth knocked out with a hatchet, a jury returned a verdict of ' Death from ux i-dental causes.' Why are a pair of trousers too big every way like two French towns ? Because they are too long and too loose (Toulon and Toulouse). 'I say, Mick, what sort of potatoes are those you are planting?' 'Raw ones, to be sure— your honor wouldn't be thinking I would plant boiled ones.' An some lady visitors were going through' a penitentiary under the escort of a superinten dent, they came to a room in which tlirce women were sewing. 'Dear me,' one of tlie visitors whispered, 'what xicious-looking creatures! Pray what are they here for?' ' Because they have 110 other home ; this is our sitting-room, and they arc my wifeand two daughters,'1 blandly answered the superinten dent. ' Yes,' said the Colonel, ' I was on a jury in California once. It was a murder trial. I didn't want the fellow bung, and so stuck out against the other eleven for nine days locked up in the jury room, when they gave in, and we brought in a verdict of 4 not guilty.' And then I was the maddest man in the State.' ' Why, what were you mad about, colonel ?' ''Cause tho mob had hung the prisoner the firfit day we were locked up !' 'Ckokce,' said a girl to her beau the other night, ' here's a piece in the paper headed 'Kismet.' What does 'Kismet' mean?' 'The word should be pronounced with the 't' silent, Nettie,' replied George. ' Why, that would be * kiss me,' ' said Nettie. ' With the greatest pleasure,' replied George. And he did. ' Cdsto.m House official (holdingup two black I bottles) — '? I thought you said you had wearing J apparel only in this trunk. Whatare these? ' Lady — 'Sol did. Those arc my husband's] nightcaps.' 