. ^gf^J^SJUTi Melbourne Gossip. By Marmiok. Some time ago, when the unemployed in 'Sydney were making some noisy demonstrations, our local protectionists referred to the fact as an evidence, of the evil results of free trade in your colony. Now that we have some hundreds of men clamouring for employment at the Government expense, I do not hear a word said as to the possible connection of a' dearth of work with a protective tariff. Nor do I suppose that the former has much to do in either city with the fiscal policy of Hie colony in which it occurs. In the winter season there is alwavs a considerable influx of men from the country districts, — of men who spend the summer months on 'the wallaby track,' and come into Melbourne when the cold weather sets in. As they cannot cadge a living, they are reluctantly obliged to do something to procure themselves the means of subsistence; and if, by a little agitation, they can induce a pliable Minister of Public Works to provide them with occupation at ' the Government stroke,' they don't mind accepting it. Then, again, there is always a certain contingent composed of men who are ostensibly looking for work and secretly praying they may never find it. A man of this stamp was offered steady employment on piece work at current wages in a cabinetmaker's shop, and refused it, demanding a fixed wage of 10s. a day ; another was engaged as a planter's assistant, and stealthily sneaked away ; and a third declined to go into the country, where he was offered 25s. a week and his board. At the same time there are, undoubtedly, some genuine cases of distress ; but these are chiefly among emigrants from Adelaide. There has been a net gain to the population of this city of no less than 7000 persons from South Australia. At first all the new comers readily found employment ; but, as this is the slack season of the year, and building operations are by no means so active as they were, owing to the partial subsidence of the speculative mania, recent arrivals have found no openings for them. They are wanted in the country, however. The railway authorities are issuing free passes for the bona-fide unemployed who are proceeding to fulfil certified engagements. One of the recipients of these documents, on being called upon to produce it at the railway station, accidentally pulled four one-pound notes out of his pocket at the same time, a fact which seemed to indicate that he was scarcely entitled to receive charitable assistance. There are, no doubt, as I have said, many cases of genuine destitution, but, in a still greater number of instances, the outcry pro ceeds from persons who, while they were in steady employment at good wages, spent every shilling they earned, and made no provision whatever for that slack period of the year which always comes round. The threatened lockout in the iron trade is not assuming the large proportions it promised to do at first, as it will be confined, for the present, at any rate, to the ironworkers' assistants. But it may be met by strikes on the part of persons engaged in other branches of the trade. I learn from a source upon which I can rely that, for some time past, the opera tives have been putting by money, in anticipation of a crisis of this kind, and in order, to use their own words, to. place themselves in a better position to *' fight capital.' I do not think Socialism finds many ad herents in this colony, but there can benodoubtthatthe class feeling is very strong, and that in the minds of the majority of the wage-earners an impression unfortu nately prevails that capital is their natural enemy and must be conquered. We are apt to pride ourselves upon our superior intelligence, but there is no disguis ing the fact that our operatives are deplorably ignorant of the elementary principles of economic science. Of this we have two striking proofs in the popular as sumption that capital and labour are not allies but antagonists, and in the infatuated adhesion to the heresy of protection, with its necessary concomitants, monopoly, privilege, injustice, and artificial scarcity, which is exhibited by the great mass of those who live by manual labour in Victoria. \- Melbourne is to have another arcade ; this time at the west end of the city. -The three already in existence run through from Bourke-street East to Little Collins-street; but the new one will resemble the letter L in plan, and will occupy a. vacant plot of ground on the east and north sides of the English, Scottish, Australian, and Chartered Bank, and will be entered from Collins-street West, while the exit will be in Queen-street. As it is not more than 35 feet wide, there will be shops on one side only. As much as £1250 per foot has been paid for the principal frontage, the other one having been thrown in. We have had a little mild excitement and a rose water newspaper controversy upon what is generally regarked as an agreeable innovation in the choral ser vices of the pro-cathedral of St. Paul. A number of young ladies, who look additionally attractive in their surplices and stoles, now take part in these services thus attired, and appear to have been alto gether too much for one member of the congregation, who unbosomed himself to the Argus. He complained that the fair vocalists in their ecclesiastical habiliments distracted his attention, and allured his eyes from his prayer-book, much the same as Miss Shepherd absorbed the thoughts of David Copperfieldin Canterbury Cathedral; and thereupon a dozen pens were plunged into ink, and went careering along the paper In defence of the fair choristers'! their avowedly elderly champions, being the most arduous and the most chivalrous. There has been the usual editorial summing up ; and the verdict has been given for the surpliced de fendants, some of whom were admitted to be 'divine creatures,' even by the plaintiff. From all I hear the innovation is generally approved of. There is an instance on record of the performance of an entire opera having been encored, and double encores of popular numbers are by no means unfre quent on the lyric stage ; but it is not often that a compliment of this kind is paid to an address from the pulpit. Such, however, has been the case with a dis course on 'The Church and Stage,' which was first delivered in the Unitarian Church, in this city, by Mr. Wybert Reeve, the well-known dramatic author and actor, a fortnight ago, and which has had to be twice repeated for the gratification of numbers of persons who could not find standing room in the building on the occasion of its having been originally read. The fact that the Melbourne Hospital is little better than a death-trap has been brought into painful prominence during the bast few days by the inquest held upon the bodies of three patients who have died in it from blood-poisoninsr, and by the entreaties of persons suddenly disabled by accident not to be carried there, as it is regarded as equivalent to a sentence of death. Condemned by a coroner's jury, bythecoronerTiimself, by medical experts, and by public opinion, the present building is evidently doomed. Its site, covering an entire block, but- . rounded by four streets, in the heart of the city, is of enormous value, and its sale would supply the neces sary funds for the construction of as fine a hospital as could be required. In this connection I may mention that in conversation the other day with an ex-Minister of the Crown in this colony, who had just returned from Sydney, he stated that the Alfred Hospital in your city struck him as approaching per fection in its general plan, arrangements, and manage ment more nearly than any institution of the kind he had ever visited. He was especially emphatic in his praise of the precautions adopted for the prevention of septicaemia. Li theatrical matters there is not much to report. 'Hoodman Blind' was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night with pronounced success. At the Opera-house Miss Emelie Melville and Mr. Armes Beaumont are singing with only the] ghosts of their former voices ; and at the Bijou the Majeronis are not doing so good a business as they deserve to do. Signor Agrati has gone to England for a variety troupe, and he and Signor Tessero have rented St. George's Hall for the Christmas season, before which time the com pany is expected to arrive. The trustees of the National Gallery have received from their agent in London a small picture by Ary Scheffer, representing the temptation of Christ by Satan, which is so well known by the photograph of it taken from the line engraving by Gustav Schaiier, of Berlin, that it is unnecessary to describe it. Another and a somewhat larger work, entitled ' The Mitherless Bairn,' by T. Faed, R.A., for which £1000 has been paid, is shortly expected to arrive. I believe a commission of £2000 is about to be given to Mr. Alma Tadema for a gallery picture, the choice of its subject being left to himself. Some time ago a bequest of £1000 was made to the gallery by the late Dr. Gilber, to be expended in procuring an original oil painting which should illustrate some incident in connection with the visit of Captain Cook to Australia. As the trustees are about to found a travelling scholarship, tenable for three years, they intend, I understand, to let this sum lie at interest for that period ; by the expiration of which time, it is hoped, our School of Art will have produced some one qualified to produce a really fine work of art, deserving of this premium, and to whom £1000 would constitute an acceptable ' send-off' in life. Apropos of art, I learn that the Marchese Nerli, a clever -painter of genre subjects and conversation pic tures, is about to leave Melbourne for Sydney, with the object of settling in the latter city. That gentle man belongs to one of the oldest families in Florence ; and visitors to that city will remember thechapelof the Nerli, in the church of Santo Spirito.audthe beautiful picture by Filippino Lippi, presented to it by Tanai de' Nerli, in which both himself and his wife and daughter are introduced. Tanai was a famous diplo. niatist in his day, and took a prominent part in the proceedings against Savonarola. His lineal descend ant devotes himself to the more peaceful and less ob. trusive pursuit of the fine arts, and I hope Ms success in that respect will enable him to add a further illus tration to the old and honoured name he bears. It is said there is a black sheep in every family, and this seems to be especially the case among the. affluent classes. Not unfrequently it is the eldest son who goes wrong. Either he is ' wild,' or addicted to drink, or has made an ill-assorted marriage, or cannot be trusted with money, or is mentally disqualified to assume the responsibilities which the inheritance of property will entail upon him, or is in some other way a source of grief, trouble, and anxiety to bos parents. At least 20 instances of this kind have come to my knowledge during the last 10 years. The latest illustrates the danger a young man may run of getting out of the frying-pan into the tire. The son of some wealthy people in this colony had fallen in love with aballeUgirl at the Opera-house. I presume she was attractive and she was certainly respectable. Her father had occupied a good position, had met with misfortunes, aud his daughter was called upon to earn her own livelihood, which she does without any impeachment of her reputation. She had consented to marry her admirer, and on this reaching the ears of his family successful effort! were made to get the engagement broken off. His consent to do so was purchased by the gift of a station in a distant part of the country; and his family congratulated themselves upon having pre vented what they looked upon as a mesalliance. But they had not sufficiently considered the susceptibility of the young squatter to female blandishments. On one of his visits to Melbourne he was captivated by the barmaid of a public-house in a quarter of the city which bears a Bomewhat equivocal character ; and a short wooing was followed by a hasty wedding. The young man's family now seem to think that it would have been much better if they had allowed him to follow the bent of bis own inclinations in the first instance. Elliott, the portrait painter, used to say, half waggishly, of his brother artist, tho late Jerome Thompson, whenever the latter was criticised in his hearing, ' Oh, Jerome is all right; he paints for the people.' Mr. Thompsan very seldom sent bis works to the public exhibitions, but not long ago he had accumulated about 50,000 dollars from, their sale. 