XBT ÁÍíPÍBBR SHOT IN TUB ; *' Vea, íhough tno liva A thousand yea« ?f^^a»t%^wt^ii>Wi«tó »ssràïn it» ' hwy. lt Î* well fot any man to fíate more than one atrmg to )üi bo« } and some people have many. B-atepayer« will he asked directly to elect jhree of their fellow townsmen to tho impartant and honourable position ot Alder men of the Borough ; mid it is hoped that; they will use their privilege wisely, enuryi- i genusly «rid independently-be MS "hold us linns and wise as serpents." When we see tidd'i-winking and dodgery going on oil round, it behoves lionrst men to temper their conduct with a lillie of the sergent's cunning, in order to hold their own against the com mon enemy. There have been Aldermen and Aldermen-and will lie again. If noe party ; lias had its day-has failed, to do »hat rate payers expected of it end is now on its last legs, dying out of existence like thu snuff nf a candi«-another party muy walk in pre- 1 cisoly the same Hack and end its existence just as ignominously. Two well-known, and well-tried, men re tire next momh ; Alderman GO-PER alter a long and faithful service of lineen years, mid Alderman MOSES after a short and somewhat merry life of three ; while Alderman Mom . r.isv has finished Up the remaining year of Mr. W. F. CRoWLev's term in « rattier un eventful manner-for the past year bus liBBn singularly "stale, flut and unprofitable,'' The two first named Councillors, we be lieve, have no intention of soliciting the vates of the ratepayers, while tlie third, being com paritively speaking, still an untried man, »ill have, probably, another shot, and, no doubt will bc successful ; while for the gaps left by the retirement of the two older Aldermen, there ¡ire fllhers already in the field. Ol' thes?, there are, il Rumour is to be believed, four, viz : Mr. D. ROBERTSON-» former member of the Council, Mr. A. TUCKEUMAX and Mr. It. W. Dr/fvsTA>f for North Ward, Mr. W. H. DBAN for Centra] Ward, and the other-about wliom there can he no mistake-for is he n't already on tho " Indepedetit" track (which we may conclude, has something to do with cither pedling or pedestrianism) ? Anyway, since the person we refer to has been, what is termed in vulgar parlance, " padding the hoof" round'South Ward and leaving his " 'K'rrect Kcard" at every ratepayer's house, ne may safely look upon him ns a candidate, if nothing else. This is a fair copy of the card, handed tous by a ratepayer residing in South Ward: ' Borough of Windsor Municipal Election Your vote and interest Are respectfully solicited for Geo. L. A. Dairies Th» ludepelent Candidats!! ' and, as will be seen, it explains itself-after a fashion-though we admit a certain amount of obtuseness as to its. exact menning. There ate various ways of putting things ; a man may be sincere, or he may be the reverse; he may be evasive or anything, in fact, but straight-forward ; so, nlso, a ninn may be in dependent or he may be tho veriest toady and crawler in existence. Anyhow, we will take th'iB card for what it is worth, and without ac cusing the person whose name it bears with being independent-and mind you, he dues not say he is, although dozens, nay, hun dreds, of ordinarily cute people will lead it as such-we will discuss his merits as a citi zen and bis claims to Aldermanic honours. ! In the first place, Mr. G. L. A. DAVIES, hear in mind, is not a blacksmith-hut a printer-that is to say, a recently published almanac bearing his name, says so-and here we trust our readers will excuse us if we go i off once more at a parenthical tangent in order ! to enlighten our many enquiring triends what thc man who '' is not a blacksmith" means ha llie assertion. To most peoiily it is like an liastern parable, or a Runic inscription which is simply a method evasive and double breasted people (front all round and no buck) j have of making themselves obscurely under stood; in short, it is the trick resorted to by all skunks who have not the manhood to say what they mean-and who take everybody els ; tn be as cowardly as they, i.e., always on the pimp to catch weasels asleep. !" Now we have made metaphor, parables, Chaldean chuactcrs and other hieroglyphics our lite studv, and t>hall proceed to unravel the mystery-not on our own account, but for the information of thoso who want to ' knoiv. Well then ; when this paper first opened tho eyes of the people of Windsor, its first proprietors were two brothers of tho name of STKNCER-one of whom was by trade a Primer's Blacksmith-and a very good trade too, seeing that it is a most important I culling in England, arid this same man is now ' in charge of the whole ni thc machinery of one the-perhaps Ihe-largest printing offices in the County of Cumberland. The vile aniniiie who thought to have his *' little joke," by f terring to blacksmith's «ork, made a sad mess of it, as he invariably does-for his jokes aro not quite so pointed as his own conk, rather moro pungent than a pound ol rancid butter, and about as understandable as a Chimpan zee who is taking his first lessons in Choc taw or Cymric. This religious minded and truth telling person struck a note on this an vil once before, in respect to posters issued from the office of this paper-long alter the " blacksmith" had ceased to have connection with il ; the object heilig then, as now, tu persuade people into the belief that tho wölk done at the Chronicle office uns done by n blacksmith ami not by a printer, and there lore badly or clumsily dune. We ask our friends to excuse us for bein j egotistical for once ,- wo are not often so-we leave such weaknesses to others who hivenoth uig-absolutely nothing -to rccuniiitnd them but their own trumpet ; a bellows and a trumpet is their stock in trade, aod whether as printers or Aldermen, it is all that is ever seen or heard - win I and sonn I we see the bellows and we hear the sound. A-. »6 were ii'mtit to say : though urdin.tr.ly tnudtst, ur cha ,enge this trumpeting individual, who is not competent lo be n blacksmith, to produce nn.'/lhing h om hs i ffiee, linn a ii.t .iiIii li tn : ;,e .i soaper, ¡rom a business card tja bru ! .iri);:'.twn;rt 'Jolt yhr.l) con j pare favourably i h W' rk ol any kin I h.suci! from this offiee '\ li ive o i i Tt'.:.r ocisions, is.-ued sbnil.ii I rna len to tnis. b':t limy hive rem liin-il ? a.. ii:--..en .I ; an '? yt ibis scrubber .-till goe; i ?? J, criag .lie ut the town and distric , ia : i il...rallie - .iv (.Olli!' ¡its clu'i he got al), : t:.'if we ..re this, :!:..?' and the ct\er; of mai. j Urs affecting our VJ:!-;, til.- price w : take eui worU'^,^^ =f'arfr.ty oí otUér "^n^-;.i^ítí^«;tíí»^»«i¿| if-ouiaie^hafrpn to..Mp^ß -pf-^-flnB?-.f-WelÖ ^Iges /'noviiçôtt.ern 'iHv-\ífft*e^Ííaf^: iowied thia JndîVidattl oot,.tïw« pW:»t:iann)*; ber, lo iiM^jit:4wdmw.«wnDeetion with our business ; and die only «fleet it has hud upon bim ls to nuke him curl his nose upa trifle higher, scowl still more satanically «hen he meeta us in the street, hut never a word nf reply-which a tuan of spirit would do to sup port the charge, or a man al truth and honour Mould do to acknowledge an error. ,. This is tho sort of imlivideal who is now perambulatingthe town ns the " tiidej>cd»nt" candidate for South Wurd, whoso card bears the impress of neither printer's, nor black smith's work, but of a stone-breaker's. The ratepayers know this candidate; he is not new to them-for about two years in the Giuncil he did . nothing - or allowed thing« to be done that should not have been done ; and though, ut thc lime of his election we thought, not knowing the man as well us ive do now, that bia election to the Council w ould have a good effect ; that he'd bring a certain amount of jute'licence to bear upon malters which many ot his fellow Aid ermeii could not ; Wc found out our mistake, and so did everybody else, for never since Windsor became incurpnrated, has a more useless alderman sat in Council than he who nów ask», as an "indepedem candidate," the ratepayers of Soulb Ward for their vote and interest. There has been much talk about cliques omi putties. Wc believe in none; hut if it so happen that the whole of the Aldermen béions to one particular parly, we shall no: complain, so lonp as they do what is ripht and just to individual ratepayers and work gen erally for the advancement and improvement of the Borough. BM we do say, and that em phatically, that the individual ive have here pretty extensively referred to, is not the man to do either; and after what occurred during, and subsequent to, his last term of office, we do not think it nt all likely that many ol' the ratepayers will bc gulled into voting for him-if they do we shall be even more sttrptised than many nf his friends were »dien he was relumed before by a majority of three only. [Since the above was written, it is said that the " indepedent" candidate, finding that bo has not the ghost of a chance in South Ward aoaiitst Alderman Mortley, intends having a shot for North Ward ; for which *' he is bound to go in." But-ah, those " buts" ! 1 there's many a slip 'tween cup and lio.' Anyway, this jiew phase ol the campaign docs not m any way alter the facts as stated above, in regard to South Ward.-ED. //.<?.] 