THE 'COLONEL', MISGIVINGS. Colonel Francis Chester stood in moody silence b)efore the fire which lit up the old hall a,t Chester Royal.. " He Was about thirty five years of age, tall, and strong of limb, with straight, good features, 'and flashing, black eyes. He ought to have been a happy man, This old hall.and fine estate were all his. own, his lineage was good, and asst.redly of all the Chesters who. had ruled the Chester Rcuyal, Francis was the proudest .and most as counted one oe-.the o imos' emc'ie iii t1? service ;' his regiment,, the Scarlet ..ancers was one of the best managed 'in the army; his officers loved him; and his s.uperiors held him up as a pattern to be safely followed. His men would go-and many of them, had gone-through fire and water for him. It was told of him during the Mutiny that terrible .,ear when so many. of ,our nearest and dearest perished in the far East \- thatione, of his soldiers had been heard to say, " Cornet Chester never tells us to ' go on ;". he always cries '.Come on !" Now that he commands- his regiment, his men have the msin ie:ith iii' hini still. And-,yet Francis Chester did not look happy. He was dressed for dinner,. and rapidly the hands of the dock near: the hour of seven that New Year's Eve. Fratik thicught of the old year with feelings which' joy and pain were' strangely mingled. To the one that was coming:he looked forward with a shudder of dread. As he stood twisting his long moustache, with strong, brown fingers, the 'clic-clac" of high heels on the faq?ucterie floor of the gallery' which ran rounid three sides of the hall, ru'sed him- frod' his revei'ie. He glanced upwards; his -face flushed, then grew as suddenly pale; his eyes brightened then sank to the fire again, their flashing brilliancy i d'iirnmed by hot,' regretfultears. The unkniowv mgii1g cause of! thisa emotion came down the' Lstairs and stood beside him-a wee" fragile girl. of seventeen; 'dressed in violet velvet, with swausdown trimmings, a costume which set -off her fair, regular profile and long flaxen curls to perfection. Her name was Kelly Drummond and she- was Colonel Chester's ward. Her' father and he had been 'comrides and inseparable -friefds, thbtiogh 1Major~ Drummond was-ten years Fractk Chester's seiiior.': Nelly lived-'with Mrs Grahame, Frank's sister, who was at present' Scing:the honors of his house. Mr Grahame was ii barrister:" f great renown, and llrad coime with his ?whore family on a. visit to his brother-in-law. Nelly came to Colonel Ohester's side, and'put' out her warm hands to the warm blaze. ;; "'."How old it is" CSloriel' Chester ?' she said shyly. '" yVeiry ! he answered. Have'you 'leeri takhidg 'care 'of 'obrs4lf, irid keeping out of draft's, imy deair I alhiost' feaed the danip church for you ! They had been re-arrang in' the decoratiotis for a festival. " raid not stay very long. Mrs Grahame saw me shiver,"and sent ine home.' At least I went to tiw. tatio? .or her." -. " Did Derrick Valentine go with you ?' .H" e spoke with art effort. ' He thought her shyj codntraint? i?~s coli dislike, a.ud made his tone as fatherly as possible. " Yes." SAnd did, you, enjoy the walk ?' ".' It -was. very cold," she answered L evasively,lt4e hot blood Iloodingher fair face i and throat. srank's -hearts-was i nthrobbing :.agony SThe great veins stood out like thick cord;s huit tim e E'hobrcved himself to ira~fig : rsitid'"I t' i1St lkvie' itrk.:f t r 1 And now, child, am I to wish ydi''a~'ery SlhappiIuess " .' A footfall above warned them of VIntruders I: hy and Nelly. escaped into the deserted morn- o g igs-from theavhunting Frank with a dull painmeet athim on his: heart, that told him the wobarracks wfas steni cming his precious crs For Valour" on rhis anie-. Poor Frank dbesid not eat much dinner thah; so evelying in the dicou lighe, with a babelly on his fi Derrick Valentine close beside him, Hle thought they dchild ! No, nelook very happy ; anmore.d tAhat hado pre been engaged to Nelly he wouldar- I nt hae been r'sed and uncoFrancis hester mustab lve ase Dlonerickthe lifei ertainly was. Engaged t Whenely Ah the very thought setable, olonel tpr blood leaping and thrilling through his veins, oihesteIyse to openbring the doobare truth back to him in c4 all its hideousglance at himat. NellYour head arumhes nd" she asked, inquiringly. ' .* m A lit-tlnever be answeything more, to hrying thao nmile If he had spoken truly, he would have told re her that it was msubre heartacnd he than head- sli a~che that ailed him.. In. a very short t.ime the gentleman joined J the thladies pain thfe drawseeing he-room. Frank, how everll, ient would soon behis ovewn room before doing ihe w sdeam of heragain assed he eyhad so often done of sdin .the gpitery, he caught, a glimpse of a velvet t skirt, while the unmistakable sound of a sob fellta upongby his ear. He pflushed asider. the wr e; oudy bridal veil ; wandering in golden- - hontanous which s, throuded th Alpe recess, aplend urs, vi Nelly in deepest distress,.- , " My child," he said, sitting down-on the : broad stwindow seat bcities id ta her, " whyamaze- t nt at gay Parisian life, andve berilliat so ver-y Y happy a" "wife, no, Chtero!" she sobbed.arraging balls and Y".No 7" oried he. " Not happy: itn Dbr-t Srick Valentin'A love 1 He loves :on- verp' much, "Nelly T'" p" rties; turning out the whispeardrobes of his i ap "stress iAnd doques not that make rial ppystumes; filling She shook heoldr ouse with life and - light; taking her place a*, Itady of the regimient; returning withy himve you engaged yovemberselfn- ty him-i" asked uFrank ing field, comingastonishment.et him on hisreturn from the barracks ;- fastLen. ing his precious cross ;,For Valour" on -hs- tun"iked sitting beside him -in the church ; , flying in.'g the dise twilight, with aher. baby on his bosomn-his child! No, never any more.:: Ah, Now pretty she was: What tendy her pretty- I blonde head drooped lower and ower agaimI apothi r's, and Francis .hestr must live out alone -the life given him. --. -Wheno- the ladies left the table, Colonel " S" Someon.e we-do not know" 6f," 'said' flay: t sister. " . .:?- ' ::.r hes" Noterese to open the door. Nel"ly ast a " piteous glance aot hitelm. you !" head aches I" i she asked, inquiringly. SA little," he answered, stryingely dullsri. fan e had spoken truly, hester would have toldmng. Iher that it wapossibl more heartache than sere where youarhe that ed Oh, Nelly, Nelly, Ihim. Inwold rath ver you diedme than Such shoulined be.,l InRecall your. decision, and let me send IDer-' the ladies in the drawing-room. Frank, how- ffec evertion wient up tfor him."s own room before doing so. As lie passed' the grey bays window in -eNelly' had risen as he spoke. "Colonel Ctheester," sr he caught rglimpse of a velvet "skirt, while the unmistakable sound of a sob ,fell- upon his ear. lie pushed aside the cur- I; tas white, her large eyes wildrecess, and dark wih Nelpal, "you a re ruel to me-ss cruel, cre r "Mycu! AliI so great a dr, g upon you thet "M hl, i ad itn onnte'l~road window seat beside. her, " why-' thiese I tears I You ghve e to sha man I do not cai neso ver, Vhappy 1" 1 love?"hnn seo d . S ere she left off abruptly; andppy turnin er ', rick Valentine's love I He loves you ive~'y': uh, -Nelly I" Y - "I know 1" she whispered. 1 "And does not that niake yo Happy?' fledaway down the corrider took her oea. wn !r " Then why have you engauged yourself' to t him-" asked rank in astonishment. -Liked someone else better," said he, 'had alikiii. 'igthe sevaitence for her. -down the L Ngallery dids only. answer;at only her prettyof in letense, happiness. " "What courage she has," tthought he. "-H~ow she blazed up; and how, Slikonde headpoor Drummonooped she lookedr; and ohowLr agains hnicely shoue let the ca out of the bag, der -little - iL" And then Frank wandered away T " Someone; we-do not know "of,"'ine said y ~t sister. :.,: . - 2 into the old dreamland, which, mlay twoi nhours back he had renounced for-ever. a C When Nell descended into -the drawing-. room Colonel Chester was talking to his Ssis tr: by e piano. She came gently in, hand atsoa down on a low fauteuil, near the y conservatory door She sat. looy lg .down the long rooth , fanningherselfd witc h a huge. i, fan, whose scented movement lifted the fair n curls, and. fluttered the soft swaendown >strimmings of her dress. But all her little d tirs and graces could not -ide from Mrs e yrahame's quick observation te fact that shewas as pale as death, and drembling from nihead to foot. o .p "Wuhat is the matter, Nelly r shel asked, Scoming amr:ogs the room . p y . " Nothing." ."But you look as if you were going te lefaint, and you half e been crying. s- Nelly flushed crimson. " Iamn all right, aunty" (she sometimes called Chester's head a fright upstairs. r lease don'th taape aWhy notice." And Mrs i oraoame, fullyobelieving is the legends and traditions of the old house, went of her way Squitegsur" thaA Nelly had seen a ghost. eA itt-few momld te aftla r, a man servant ,li came t, Neltyd.e d i - L oo Colonel Cheater wishes you to go to him "[ir.the library, Miss Drummond," "Ie said. " " Say Ib am very sorry I canmnt come," i csheeasworod,y deoisioely, at the mline time R? beakoning a y?ounganan to.her side ... to L Wheng rankngreturned lf the room, he i 'fand Nellywocscpied wio h a decided flirta tr imtmiong toh? he ? rastillas palle as delth.t ie gicsield so ul dooknat him, for oshmw thM SGahsiae' quika-he oner he waton thefathdmt ry Presently she was alsded to.ebsig;nd rose f a oncr?, too trhe s room. r -eful ho. she was suffering. Someone asked for " Mar guerite," she began it. She knew Frunk was standing beside her. She could see his strong brown hand, with its heavy sgn[.et w ring resting on the piano. She: sang 4he si so?ig splendidly. At the words- le "' Oh, Marguerite, I think I:-ktoL, - g I feel he loves me too; . ; cc Butif, alas! it be not s,, . : , I prithee tell me true" ? her voice shook ever so little, anggradually gi she wound up to-the last, .with pa,lthrilie gi prolonged note. .a A burst of applause. followed, a. d then.- t: came a hush, for Nellie was lying in Colonel iCet Chester's arms in a dead faint,. : - -d The next morning Neily. rose whilt.theA a rest of the household was. at chur.ch. When g. she was dressed she went down rto te library i to fetch the seconid voluime of 'aa `novel she u was reading. When she:opened-the door, she i. srta Colonel Chester sitting.' at the table; ..h writing. She tried to dra' back, but heba -lsl secn her, aind called out, " Nelly, I w;wit k you." Then she came in, lookint rathe'e '? fiant, an) very much frightened, Frank rose aind took her h.an. ' "Are you better this nmorniAg ' "4 Yes, thank you." i W bhy did you not come to mtr?t'it hlt, when I sent for you I" . . s No ,answer. "r", ' "Did you-know whait';, tie.o ' ' 9you + I.?- t o in tie. ni+? ~ of 'sia " e`r " . Then why did yu no see me . ;: Because I thought you yere going=to j scold i-e, she answtred, looki p her eyes d fulfof tears .o, " k," '. . ' .- s , I"'sI:old oii;'t y. `pre~i~'itfirtmured ¾ Franuk, tenderly. " : i, nrd ''lfanhe wi ieni I soida -" "" " " ', know, a ' I no"to be tat 1;. If you talk Li bthat, "I shall bgnln' to: y. I"hit 1 Fr-i.,.what a. pretty name 'Reiti Blinche is l. You should hear my name forou: . : ? ' ht is it ? "I t tell you,then you willkndw .'} 1 E' Of course- I shall. . Come tell nme," " aIiiporitive mood," lauihed Nelly. . 1SRJill.w make it coiditional r' suggested ,Fr "l'. :'"-You tell me you.r name for .me, and r will tell you one I hlave for yod ' "which is .ten thousand times tl0dlaeliest ou earth."' " ' ?o Brave," said Nelly,; -curiosity getting b the better!of h er Now for yours "qMy wife." Whe.. Colonel Chester eict Miss. Drum-' . mond ,descendeo from the iHeaien hich is one degree' ligher than the siMxt, ho tried to a giv hetr e? little good advice. e t D.e"rick goes to morrow;" ' ."' Por dear !i" "'Now don't you think he would' be the. .letter match bf the twvol " e is ten years I younger than I qm, alihiast~s rich, ery mu?ch S'haondsoer, and- -- " SI am. not going to: flatter you, F Frank however much you may; desire ?r " dbservei lit, but I should like you- tod utderstancd 1 now, and' for ever that I doi't like ' raw o material.'" » : Colonel and Mrs 'Chester are quite a marriage their hippiness was 'conmp!eted by the arrival of a son and heir. -Nelly says he is the loveliest baby that: ever was'broilghit y into this sublunary sphere, and tha? ?"e is iti the very image of his father. Would you belipve that Colonel Ohester is conceitied enduglh to.take the compliment to hi.similf 9 "~~ ~~~~ 3 ; ' • - " , ,7 .. . - 