The Weird Bird of the South Atlantic. As. the craft bowls along in the South Atlantic a new world seems to open on the. voyager. The constellation of the Southern , Cross has scarcely become familiar to him" before he begins to see animal, or rather bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this kind that can ever impress iteelf on the mind of man is the albatross. Some morning the lounger will reach the deck and, casting his eye in the wake of the ship to judge her speed,will seea speck just above the horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantio bird, and the old sailor, conning the helm, will grffly suggest the fact that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself. as well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain soch as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, withoot motion of the body, the bird will, by long, easy-golng tacks, swoop np from astern until it gets within easy watching distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then "lay to" at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough stook of the stranger that has in. vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past the ship to port or star board, as the case may be, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then once more take up its post as rear guard to the procession. Nothing can be more ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thus aesoing or being passed. No stroke of the wing onccurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of the almost oninteligible cleaving of ths air, is the half turn of the bird's head toward the ship, made as i to see what manner of beast this was that had come to bother it. Though sailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the sacredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the curse Cole ridge associates with its killing. SHxESPErs. remarks that" the good men do is oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rule in Shakespeare's time, but the rule nowadays is to print it in the news. papers and carve it in big letters on the grave. stone.--Puck. Mlsasnes (to applicant)--Yre. I want a nice French maid. The last one I had Ionly kept a short time, because she couldn't understand English. French Maid-Ye'llhaveno thrubble of that kind wid me, mum. Oi not only under sthand English, but I spake it, too.-Nnlo York Sun. MosT women value a clear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said. to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the purity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witching Catherine of Russia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim tales are told about the preparation of the mysterions baths Ninon L'Encloo is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keep. ing beautiftl foraver, to frequently apply the end of a raw potato to the face and neck by gentle rubbing. After rcbbing, the face and neck should be washed, and aentle friction is to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the washstand. One great advantage the potato seems to possess over many other sakin beautifiers seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and over again, since it is only necessary to remove a little of the outer surface and to pare off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A soon story is told of a prominent member. of society who has a habit of tying a hnotrs in her pocket handkerchief when she wishes to flix anything in her mind which must 'be at tended to. She was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her abstraction dropped her handkerchief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into anonher part of the house As the latter rose from her chair she stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in one corner. "What have I forgotten to-day ?" she asked andily. "That you have a hbae band," replied the hostess. The story was repeated, and the lady, who is a well-known member of the diplomatic cirele, always kIrpp her handkerchief free froem knots now. Is is a decided distinction, says the Lonena World, to be an honorary freeman of the city of London. Thereare not a dozen living individnals who can boast of the privilege, first conferred upon the great Earl of Chatham and last upon the philanthropic Earl of Shaftsbury. Among them are Lords Napier o1 Magdala, Woleeley, and Alcester, IMonsieur de Leseeps, Sir Henry Bessemer, the Marquis of Salisbury, the Premier, and the baroness Burdett-Coutts. There is not one -purely literary man on the roll. The nearest r-proach is Lord Broogham. Carp Culture in Prance.--The carp canl tro in the highlands of Central France is a form of industry which merits a good deal more attention and imitation than it has hitherto obtained. On that high platean there are ponds of allsizes, and many of them large enough to be dignified by the more grandiloquent name of lakes, but to the country-pcople they ar one and all "etangs" and nothing more. These ponds are one of the chief sources of wealth to the country, which is mostly but poor soil for caltivation as a great part of it has only recently been reclaimed from moorland and heather. These ponds are well stocked with carp, and once every three years a great fishing takes place. All the able bodied men of the country side are engaged for a certain day in October to meet at one of the ponds, that on the highest level being taken first. The sluices of the pond are opened three days previously, and the water allowed to run gradually off, lcav ing the bed of deep mud which seems to be one of the absolute necessaries of carp exis. Stence-.When there isonly a very thinrillo' water left trickling down the centre of t?ie erstwhile pond, the fishing begins. On. all sides the helpless carp lie floondering, pr?mt ing, gasping on the broad expanse of and ; in very many places the fish are two or three deep on top of one another. The nnm'oer of carp in these ponds is something quite . extra ordinary ; and they do not seem to a. ffer in dividually from their great numbers, for the fish arem remarkably fine and heavy. The men wade through the mud, catching Vsa carp by the gills, and flinging them on the bank. There they are weighed by men. who havc come with eartfrom the nenrest town to buoy the fish, ,and after being carefully weighed the carp are packed am engst straw in the carts as tightly as po sible. When the carts are full they return to the tooie and the carp are then placed ir large tanks. A carp takes, a good deal of. killing, and, though being tightly packed in straw for a whole day and jolted down ?aill for perhaps four hoaurs, may strike -him as a novel ex perience, it does not do, him the least harm, and as soon us hen s :released from defence vile and placed in t?he tanks he very qoietly resumes the even twnor of his way, patiently waiting, probably till the, following Lent, when, as ear-,vra "'s blre, carpe rc srffloef, a?rr sou iefal Ofoo and in very many other Stil! more savor y and relisbable disguises, ?h helps the fait.ful Ctholic through his forty A. sno'd is that manor woman who is always pr etending to something better--es peinally richer or more fashionable-thani theya ;. a.. SAlnthough onlthe smallsum of onehun reaendfifty don pablised.ar i s gra n ted by the oritish Nssociation to defay the coft of eob the westerving. Themigr tory movements of biapparendstly lfrght-hom Ameriand ight-s the ird ork isnknwn i up in Great Britains cond reland with eymaych zeal, and the sixth report on the sbject haspain. recently been published. The most note worthy facight recorded i the pssweeks. e of anWord immense ock of rooks in their Infancy.-atter part wof ovember, over the south of Ireland, from therwest. Theircoursal concepths, tpprently have from merica, though the bird is nfany anown iearly this country It is conjectaredt tithat they may have come from the northern part of Spain. The flight lasted three weeks. Words in their Infancy.-- i tever words wetake which now express the moplat abstract and spiritual concepts, they have, of passed throgh. their infancy and ea, to rl nd bone and little else. What was the Inally original meaningof to consider? - It meant star-gazin. InLatinit is frequently usGreed together with contemplate, to contemplate, and that is derived from temp lum, a space marked out in the heavens for the observation of auguries. The Latin ,reontari, to in terrogate, to examine, comes from ontu, thefor areekd, etoo, a pole used for puocanting andor feeling the bottom of a river (Donut. ad Ter. pec. I, ii, 2). To govern was originally ern ar, to steer, formedan from the Greek mnbeprae, to steer, ands Cthis from evapo gurernum, the helm, the redder possibly es called because it was a slightly krutw, to bend, from which kvbo, bent for ward, etc. (See Schmidt, " Vocalismns," p. 162). When we hear of an eploded error we ear pto thinkgof an explosion, as if theex ploded error was like an exploded bomb, burst and harmles. same seplode ant origin ally toslap the bands tll weighactor took offy. his mask or left the stage, as Cicero says,"E scene noe sode tibilis sed edam convicio szplodebautur." We see nothing strange when we spak of weighing ouwasr arguments or pondering the'etymology of a word. Why should we wonder at the French using enser, i, ,ensare, to weigh, in the sense of think ing 7 We speak of well-weighed statements, and sta the same sens the Romans said eand , exact form eigere, to drivery out the tongue to t a balance, to weigh carefully. Suexpch a careful weighing was called egiu. the French easr, the Eglish Eniay., which is always spposed to be a carefuland exact Dr.gem to ischer, a German geographer ndstaty istician, estimates that forty thou-dre sand elephants must be killed every year to supply the total quantity at ivory annually exported from Afri?a. a French author, finding his reputime tiwan being impeded by the compostility of the critics; resolved to adopt a little strata gem to assist himn gaining f poetry and money nspite of this He dressed himself in workman's attire, and repireds this to distant province, hereas he toowas lod ingat a arrer's shop, where praise did a little work every day at the forge and anvil. But the greater part of his time was secretly devoted to the composition of thre e volumes of poetry and Whesayn a which he published as the works of a ouher mind heeyman bould mitry. The trick ancceeded--s havingll France was in amaserved e menth ; the poems of this "chid of nature," this "untutored genius," this "inspiroed on of Vulcan," as he was now called, were immediately praibysed by all gas. the lcritics, nd were puchased by every-llow, and yThe harmless deceit anlled woolly, wilpocket of the seeds ret.emble small black When a woman is giving her husband a bit of her m ind he shouldtryand imagine what it veould belike if he clown a ormon, boisterouwas havinly and csuh bits served p to capThe land ughin plant groarin China, andi .is eo called because its seeds produce gas condiThe flowers areof an hour. Whenow, athe seed pods are soft and eoolly, while the seeds resemt le small, black beans, and only tw0o.or threee gbw m" aa od The nawaktives-- has nese-dar and ulvere them, and the poderrisky if taken pn small doses, kewis the aobret person cehave like a circus clown or a madman, for he will dance, sing, and laugh most boisterouslndwn, and cu the most fantastig capers, and be in an uproariously riadiu lous condition for about an hour. When the surfacitement ceases the .hasted ex hiitallrof these anics offalls the rainbowleep, and when over the lake has not thgood slightest remembrance of his frisky doing it nor a wonderful fish is becoming nuthe nerous In Gore th Lake, Californiab It as the power to fillitself with air untill it be comes very much like abanflew. Ofeveni to atomngs, abont sund.own, they maybe seen playing on the surface of the water. They rfltect all the colours of the rainbow, and when sporting over the lake are a good eight. a hunter, several off foweeks ago, saw crane swallow oThe of these fish when in it nor mal condition, but before the crane got more than fifty feet up above the lake the fish had taken in enough air to ex plode the crane, which, at tho sound of a reportlike that of ahis owun,f power, alltor sitams, and the fissh came lightly donw on the water, no worse off for a n horl r ide in the air. The fish is a great curios~ity, never o ?aoin bentound other wathey rs. Iop believe thre rst test of a tuly phgreat man is his humility. I do not mean by humaility douht of his own power, or hesita ctubn of speakin of his opinions, bet a right understan.in of what he can do and say, and th e rest of the world's sayings and dor fi llow greatur men no sta only know their bo isinof but suanlly know that .they know i t, and are not only right in their main opinio astha but usuallmay come in our are right inthem only they welfaredo not think ranch of th smselves on that accoue deont. . Dr ak Complexions for -,hotos--Colored pep lhe argmo isu ciesfully photographed, s a rile, than white people achievemen says an ex ert ened potoWilliam Carp, the mein mulatto ain the i etefinest photograph in ahe world. ei hticomplexions are hardest to .ly ke. i t i in poshysible to photoph a dicopy and, as it tr,ks like a pebble or afish-scale. In taking: Situraphy, of animals the insty atooghn process: i bis knwlatsdgre the was prbesiters.bly entitled. Benevolence i notng Ea thingsto b6me ofcikenpe. Ity chance,d and put by at once to make way Sevyears of his ry ployment wich savors of self intirest. It is the largest part of our business, ofbeginning with or home duties, and Londonnd ing itself to the utmost verge of m ering humanity. A vase feeling of kindness to ward our fellow creatures is no state of mind to rest in. It is not enough for us to be able to say nothing of huMissan nterst is alien 'to I us, and that we give our acquiescence, or, in N o; in thepromottig t welfare of others, womieaL gizes trcture fcharacter and acherts of the rtrocture of snakes. • 't 