Local and Gonral News. • ' . . Y .. . --2. . . .. A man named Reece Hammonde got his hand badly crushed in the Mintmi pit yes. terday. Dr. Ody was in immediate atten dance, and hopes are entertained that the limb will be eavod. A quantity of slorea are being served out from the Nuewcastle lockup for the different sububan police ststions. These includ ammunition, pots, pans, brushes, and othe necessary articles. In tlh shop windows of Messes. R.. C. Knaggs and Co. are to be seen at present, some beautiful anoe really artistic photoa graphs, prepared after a process whieb gives them an "opal" appeanranc. Yesterday was the warmest day yet: eaperienced it Newcastle, the thermometer registering 12Odegrees in the sun at ncon,. and 98 degrees in the shade. Lassitude. was the pevail'ig feeling among:t busy citi:c'ns. We learn that Messra. Welter Lance and Co. are making the new cricket coat for' the Newcastle Cricket Club.. The colours chosen are a pretty blue and red stripe, and our club should Icok very smart in their new uniforri.. An adjourned meeting of representatives, from temperance societies in Newcastle and' district will take place at Mr. Pike's room,. Bolton-street, this evening, to arrange fur. ther details in connection with 1he festivli to be held on Prince of Wales' Birthday. A "swimmist" writes to expross his approval of the improvements effected at the Bogey HI2e. The loose stonea'have been thrown out, and a comparatively smooth surface, with cement here and ther:', is now provided, so that people bath-" iug ca walk on the bottom of the bath with comfort. About 4 o'clock yesterday a smart'storni' occurred, and raisn fell for a few minutes. The rain was accompanied by some wind,• and the boat of a man named Hughes, whlue near to the Stockton side of the water, got capsized. ,escue, however, came in good time, and Hughes did not' appear worse for the immersion. The rew supply of books, ordered someo time hack from England by the committee of the Newcastle School of Arts, has now arrived, andI Mr. i. Iloas, the secretary, is busily engaged numbering and cataloguing the books. The asesortment contains the works of the best modern authors, and the lot when catalogued will form a consgider. able addition to the. already very full library. James Roderick, of Raymond Terrace, has been missing since the 18th instant, and fears are entertained that he has met his death by drowning. He -was last seen on the day mentioned on board the steamer Plane, which was lying at the wharf at Raymond Terrace, and is said to have been in a state of intoxication. The missing man is known to have had a large sum of money upon him. No foul play, however, is ex pected. The river is being dragged in hopes of finding his body. In our advertising columns will be found a letter written by Mrs. Elizabeth Herzog, of Greta, tendering her thanks to the directors of the City Mutual Life Assurance Society, Limited, 48 Castlereagh street, Sydney, for the prompt payment of £50 for which her deceased husband was insured. The policy was only taken out on 26th April, on a weekly payment of 1s 1d. This instance is an eloquent plea in favour of life assurance. Mr. Outtrim lately complained in the Victorian Legislative Assembly that a telegraph officer in the country had charged double rates for messages' in Welsh. He did not say that this was.done to provide for extra wear and tear, but left hen. members to decide in their own minds. MIr. Derham replied that there should be no "hitch" in telegraphing in "Wlsh, and that so long as they were legibly written, messages might be sent in any tongue, known or unknown. The Chu'rch of England; Sunday School festival on Thursday was the "Picnic of the season," inasmuch as tt was attended by fully 1500 pers.nc, and it passed off pleasantly, without any c.otretemps to mar the festivilies of the day. Towards the afternoon the scene of festivity presented a pleasant coup d'ceil, the elite of the district having arrived by the afternoen trains. The principal avenue wore. a, gay and animated appearance, fully 200 welldressed members of the tender anrd sterner sexes promenading to the inseiriting strains of Hardy's brass band. There were bright and happy girls in their teens to whom life seems made up of lovers and sweetmeats; there were elderly maiden ladies whose ryes twinkled with joy at the sounds of revelry and happiness around them; there were superior youug men from the city offico and counter with' walkingstick in hand and scented eigr.r an mouth; there were doddering old gentlemen ,with smiling and happy laces .at the. fun they were having. There were also the middle.aged of both sexes trying to grow old gracefully, while here and thera were groups of children in happy raptures, enjoying to their hearts' conrent the amusements pro vided for their delecttion. It seemed that only one face was wanted to make the scene complete, andi it was that of the worthy pastor of Christ Church, the Rev. Canon Selwyn. It. would have delighted his heart to have been present, but, as we mentioned in yesterday's iSEusu, he was engaed in a more earnes:-souled duty, attending the General Synod in Sydney. However, his geod lady was in attendance, and with a spirit of kindly fellowship she.. was unremitting in her efforts to make the., gathering a most successful one. Her endeavours to render everyone happy were.. ably seconded by Mr. Thomas Clack, who, after 22 years laborious Sunday School work, hs retired from the onerous position of superintendbnt of the school. This gentleman was the life and soul of the.. picn:c, performing the maajr part ok-the heavy drudgery connected with such:, a stupendous under taking. The Rev. J. Longbottom, the Rev. C. A. S. Minton Senhouseo. Mr. Jesse Ireland, and others did good.pFrvice towards making the astival the most pleasant of its. kind held in News. castle. Considering that these annual reunions.ace looked forward to with much, pleasure, wre fervently wish that;the next; may be equally as happy and successful as the one dtscribed in aour yesterday's issue. Paparhangings in great variety. New: designs,.at Tyler and Jones', Shclden's City. West End Buildings.. 67:13 O fancy Hary Stegga is gcing to open, a bohe pala.e in his No. 4, City Emporium. Blane-street. Is ha ? How nice. 6Q.5:l Messrs. J. Creer and Son :eld yesterday: a very successfuol furniture sale at .Crring ton House, Bolton-s.treet. The baanie ofi the furniture will be solt to-day without. reserve,and the opportunity shoull not teo. lost sight of by peseona intrding tO fa .nish. Thanks.--For the oary liberal patronage since commencing busineiss (about eight,. years amob\W. Wina and Co. wish to tbank: their ouonerous customers. They haveP always sought to conduct their bueiness irE a straightforwvard ard civil manner, and by' buying in the best merkea place before the. Spubliaa gool article at a fair price. They 'would again remind the publio generally that on nccmunt of Mr, W. Winn's visit to England they have imported very largely. land on the best terms. During the past. (few weeks the followino shipments heve. rome to hand:-Ex Australasian. 26 eases Carleton, 11; Sutlej, 8; Iberia, 10 ;Mir'as Spore, 16; Thames, 4; Port Pirie, 26; .Gulf of Venice, ~1.; Oceanien, 1; Orienti b, Total 99 cases. (609(, E'if *' it;h;try dcsd ing the confidence Sof the country.?" will form the subject for Sdiscnshion at the HIall of Science to-morrow morning. M·r. D. Wallwork will open the debate. Last night the usual meeting of the Irish .National League was convened to be hold at the Rouse Hotel, but was postponed to an early date, when some important business is ) to be transacted; Mr. J. Glass, storekeeper, of Bulli, in timates in the local press that he has ,.received. a further supply of roofing iron awhich. he will place, free of cost, at the .disposal of any miner wishing to prov de himself with a temporary abode durieg the coatinuance of the strI?ne. SWe learn by telegraph from Tamworth tlhat the Tamworth Phmoix Flour Milling -and Produce Co- operative Company has been su:cessfully fliatd. At a meetmg of t- he 'hibarehnlders held yesterday the follow ingl gentlemen were elected directors: .Messra. E. G. Lewi, WV. 8. Dowel, Thomas Pullman, W. A. Chaffy, and Thomasns Quick. On reference to our advertising columns, it will be seen that the office of the New. catle and County Mutual Bu:lding, Land, a·nd Inve.tmeot Company, in Scott-sbreet, will be open to.night from 7 to 8.30 when ·the manager, Mr. Fl. Berkeley, will be in ·atendance to afford information to intendin g hareholdere, receive calls, or transact any other business in connection with the com. pany. Messrs. Edwards and Tghewill sell at -11 o'clock to-day the household furniture of Mr. Gr.fin, tob cconist, of Stockton. The furniture is fi~rst.classa, and will be sold without reserve, as Mrr. Griflin is leaving .the district. Th-y will also sell, at 4 o'clock to- day, a nice building allotm' nt in Carlton Place. Wickham, and as long \- terms of credit will be given this lot should be within reach of every working man. Messrs. A. M. Frewin and G. Robson have been nominated for the extraordinary vacancy in the WVlckham Council caused by the retirnment of Alderman F. R. Neild, and Miessrs. J. Ritchie and W S. Collins for the vacancy caused by the death of the late Alderman J. H. Hubbard. The names of the above gentlemen, with their nomi nators, will be publicly reas out at the Council Chambers, Wickham, at noon to-day, and any candidate desirous of withdrawing mast give notice in writing before then. The announcement of the time and place at which a poll will be taken will thereafter be made. \- A public entertainment, cons:s-ing of a promenade concert, with vocal and instru mental music and recitatimne, was given recently in the Goelone Exhibition-hall to the memb-rs of the Geelong Football Club, who, by their efforts, secured for the club the position of cbhampionseip during the past season. There were over 600 persons present, a.d a most enjoyable evening was spent. During the evening the malo presented the various players aith trophies chosen by themselves in recognition cf their signal victories m the footbal ield. The aggregate value of the trophies was about £200 It wdll be remembe ed that our issue of Thursdlay, 21st instant, contained a special telegram from Tamworth, stating that 208 miles from Newcastle the previous day a special train from Tnterfield to Newcastle ran into a fettlers' trolly, smashing the same and injuring Mr. Harrup, sub-inspec tor of permanent ways, who was brought on by the train. The carriage containing Messrs Budson, Charlton, and party was much damaged. Thie train was delayed some ]5 minutes. Some difficulty was en countered in extrica.ing the wheels of the trolly from the engine. l'he accilent hap pened on the Newcastle side of the M'Donald RIiver. The permanent way men showed great presence of mind in jumping from the trolly; Last evening we learned with regret of Mr. Harrup's death from the injuries he then received. Great improvements have taken place on the Newcastle Cricket Ground since the commencemenst of the new season, and a sum of ov-r £200 has been expended on effecting these. A players' pavilion has been built, fitted up with lockers and sea's, with a lean-to attached, in which are four 'shover baths, lavatori·es, and other con Svehiences. The old pavilion has been painted, the lawn' has been enlar,:ed, a picket fence has been constructed, two large scoring boards have been placed in position, several .sleds have been added, and the ground is no\w the finest out of the metro polis. The committee and the energetic secretary, ~ir. M. H. 3hristoe, are to 'e congratulated upon achieving this very ,'desirable and satisfactory result. A melancholy coincidence occurred yeuter. day. .. In thIe afternoen we received f.om the publishers, BMessrs. Turner and Henderson, of Sydney, a neatly printed volume, entitled "'Beyond': and Other Poems"-By John Le eday Brereton, bl.D. . We had handed the work to one of our staff ,. to review, when, a few hours later, we learned by telegram from Sydney of the author's death. As writer ?f the " Goal of Time," he is known to the reading public and we trust that the large section of the community interested in. the daily accessions to Australian literature, will coincide with our opinion that, in the presence of death, it is well to defer to another season a notice which, in all fairness, could not be wmnnowed of much adverse criticism. Suffice itto add :that the lines, be they crude or be they .polished, are thoroughly characteristic, and' are now invested with the sad interesbi which, like some weird halo, encircles the vanished hand *hich has dropped the pen 'for ever. ' ' :'"A ratheer remarkab'e incident occurred 'yesterday. One bf the gentlemen can Svassip' for the Newcastle branch of a well known firm, who ma?te a special feature of selling swing-machines on 'time-payment, was in'a four-wheeled buggy containing o ne o. the machines. Near the corner o Auckland and Blane streets the horse ':'"jibbed, and the driver belaboured him vigorously with the whip. Peasnemly the 'horse changed his mood, and going from one extreme to another, he galloped full 'tear. The whip was again applied, and like Midshipman Easy the poor animal must have thought that whether he d?id 'little or did too much he was caurtmartialled and puniehed. In due course the party arrived opposite Scott's Hotel. Whether the house wonted a -wee tot of rum and cloves and wes wrath at being forced to adopt teetotal ?principles, our corresponde-nt dois not pro ' fees to know; but at this juncture the off iwheel of the vehicle ran into a deep rut, and the 'machmne was hoisted in mid-air, 'lanuding with 'i terrible boom on the road way. On again to Hamilton, where the pace began to tell. Looking back, the driver noticed for the first time 'hat the machnen was missing, and the trap was accordingly driven slowly back, the horse 'blinking .wearily beneath the hot sun, which registered over 120 degrees, and the ' driver keeping a sharp look-out for the s.alvage from the wreck. It was quite safe, frewo Id being plentiful in the neighbour hood. House and Coach Paintera', and Plasters' Materials at Tyler and Jones', Shcdden's 'City West End Buildings. 6718 The Primitive Methodist Sunday School Picnic will take' place at Tomao on .'November 9th. Thbere will be splendid accommodation for all pleasure~seekess on 'boaird the s., Prince Alfred. Return tickets "'will cost s15 6d, children half.price. Re I fr shment stalls will be on the ground, and S?hot water will be prov'ded for families who w ish-to ook the!r.own.viuluale.-ADvT. , Tlhe fast and favourite s.s. Newcastle will leave Newcastle for Sydney at 11 o'clock to.night. To night the usual meeting of the Blue Ribbon movement will be held in the Protestant lHall, Newcastle. The annual general meeting of the New castle Rowing Club was to have taken place last night, but lapsed for want of a quorum. To.morrow ovening Mr. D. Wallwork, will give a reading from Colonel Ingersoll's lecture, "What Ghosts have done," in the IHall of Science. Viscount Deerhurst, who arrived in Iel. bourne by the mail steamer Tasmania, from London, is the eldest son of the Earl of Coventry, and has come out to Victoria to occupy the position of aide-dc-camp to the Governor of that co'ony. We arre requested to draw attention to the advertisements in to~day's issue notify ing the commencement of the Rifle Club matches, and to warn intending competi tors to give in their names to thehon. secre tary in time for the handic'ap. Mr. Frank Gadner, superintendent of the Newcastle City Fire Brigade, who proceede l home some months back as one of the coin missioners of the Indo-Co'onial Exhibition, is a passenger by the P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S. Tasmania, and is to arrive here to-morrow morning. A novel and interesting match takes place to.day between five representatives of the Newcastle Battery. V.A., five of the Newcastle Company, V.I., and five of the Uralla Volunteer Reserve Corp?. After the match dinner w1ll be served at Mrs. Cane's Coffee Palace Hotel. It is whispered in political circles, wires our Sydney correspondent, that several members of the Northern district, Including perhaps the elected champions of Newcastle and Northumberland, are being urged by their electorates to deliver addresses on the past session. Already rumours are afioa of brisk competition for securing eligible hotel balconies, with good acoustic pro p rties. As will be seen from the advertisement Mr. H. G. Picton, lecturer of tte Christien Evidunce Society, will deliver one of two farewell leeures on MIonday night, in the Presbyterian Church, Hunter.s:rret; esub. j ?ct, "Geology and the rible " The chair will be taken by the Rev. W. Bain. On Thursday night Mr. Picton will lecture in the Primitive Methodist Church, the title of his lecture being "Alleged Gospel Dis crepancies," the Rev. C. Whyte, MI.A., to preside. Yesterday afternoon about 4 o'olock, at which time the sudlden squall came on, a waterman named Hughes, who was sailing up she harbour in a boat, was unfostunate enough to haye his craft capsized. When opposite btockton a sudden gust of wind caught the sail and the boat went over. The occupant managed to climb on the kneel, where he remained until rescued by another boat, none the worse fo: his sudden immer 'oa. The favourite steamer Ethel will leave the market wharf at half.past 8 to-morrow morning for Morpeth, calling at Stockton, Bullock Island, and Raymond Terrace. The .esthetic taste of the excursionists will be able to revel in the beauties of the Valley of the Hunter, and a substantial dinner will be ready on arrival at MIorpeth. Thus Captain Alex. Walker shows his knowledge of human nature. He recognises the fact that a man cannot dine on scenery, and that a grilled chop or an undercut of sirloin is a welcome wind-up to a voyage. In reply to three correspondents we believe we are justified in repeating that the arrangement to run the a s. Newcastle and Namoi for the afternoon trips is at pre sent by way of experiment, and subject to revision, should the verdset of the travel ling public prove in favourof the old time tab:e. We may add that there is every probability of a large portion of the Queensland mails for Syd ey being carried presently via the Tenterfield-Neweastle railway, the esrtvitg in time being- con side able. A case under thetld i Ctasdl1 of tht Municipulities' Act was coslriignced at the Raymond Terrace Police Court las?t Friday, and terminated on Tuesday. The pafties w~ere Alderman Adam, an alderman of Raydiohd Terrace Municipal Council, v. J. Hartj Mayor. The information laid by Alderman Adam charged the Mayor with being in directly interested in a contract held by one Burgess for the supply of timber to the council. The defendant declined to plead, and called no evidence. Several witnesses were examined for the prosecution, and the Bench dismissed the ohasge as not proved. The plaintiff's solicitor asked the Bench to state a case for the Supreme Court. We think we only endorse the opinions of the members of St. Paul's Church of Eng land, Stockton, when we state that the efforts which have beenput forrhby the Rev, C. A. S. Minton-Senhouse during his three months' probationary residence have been highly appreciated, and that there seems to Be a general impression that the interests of the church would be materially enhanced by his settling permanently amongst her members. The church at Stockton is at present in its infancy, but an energetio clergyman can do much tIwards rendering her progress commeneurate with the rapid strides which the neighbourhood is mak ing. Mr. J. C Bonorius will sell at Jesmond at 'mten to- day one very desirable building site, running from William-street to Mit. chell-stree: in that. very healthy and pictur esque locality. The lot has a frontage of 66 feet by 330 feet, and it adjoins the well known property of Mr. David Lewis. The terms will be very easy. At sleington, at 3 o'cloak, he will sell one splendid allo' ment, having a frontage to Itedmnanstreet of 30 feet with a depth of 96 feet, upon which is erected a comfortable two storied weatherboard house, containing five large and lofty rooms, with a large shop, and an excellent supply of pure water As this desirable property is close to the junction of the new line to Sydney, and about two minutes' walk from the Hamilton Railway Station, intending purchasers may rese assured that it will very. shortly increase greatly in value, The GCreat Northern Wool Dumping and Shipping Company intend to hold their first sale of the season at their stores, near the Sandhlls,' this afternoon. Tlwelvehun dred bales of wool, bags of wool; sheepskins, tallow, and hides. The wools include large quantities of greasy, scoured, and washed, and bear the well, known marks J. Hall (Q.), B. H: V.A., Tregantle, B. Meruima; D. (in diamond) Avondale; G. D. W. B., Laura; G. Hicks; Glenalvon; McD and Co, Muogie Bundie; A. McIntosh, Mlorese, and others. The sale will be conducted by the firm's auctioneer, M?r. J. N. Brunker. and it is safe to predict that the attend. ance will be large and the prices realised satisfactory. After Mr; Hrunker has dis posed of Ihe lot entrusted to him, 500 bales will be sold by Mr. Geddes, of the firm of Geddes and C,., Sydney. Mr. Geddes has been in Newcastle for some dayspast, mak. ing final arrangements for the sale. This sale will offer a splendid opportunity for shippers, as during the next three weeks the firm intend despatching three file steamships for the London January sales, and the rates from Newcastle being the same as those from Sydney, the advantngn is apparent. The facilties for shipment, ald the certainty of rapid transit, will also enhance the benefits derivable by purchase madeat these sales. Mr. W. B. Sharp, the manager of the company, has had a copious catalogue printed, whioh will prove of considerable use to intending pur. chasers. The foliowing rwill represent the Now castle Compeny in the triangular rifle match to-day, at the range, Shepherd's Hill:-Sergt. Mulvey, b. Sergt. Sage, Corpl. Baskerville, Lanco Corpl. W3,adale, and Lance Corpl. Snipe. In a recent issue we stated that in view of the rejection by the House of Assembly of the item of £112,000 for improvements to Newcastle harbour, an interview was in contemplation between members of the Newcastle Chamber of Commerce--s a depuanaien appointed by that body-and the Ron. James Fletcher. Yesterday was the date proposed, and the object, we presume, was to see if some steps could be taken in order to have the public apprehension allayed. The m eting did not, however, take place, the precident receiving a tele gram yesterdayfrom the Minister for Miner, stat;nu his inability to be present in New castle to- day to meet the deputation; and adding that a letter on the subject of the projected meeting weald reach the hands of the secretary to the Chamber of Com merce Shortly before 9 o'clock last night it was reported that the Honeysuckle bells had rung 6rit an alarm of fire, and the City Brigade followed suit with their be'l, the members immediately turning out with their eng;ne and proceeding towards the western end of the town; but no fire was discovered, and the brigade, arriving at the conclusion that it was another false alarm, turned homeward. It appears that the IIoneysuckle brll did not give the alarm. 'The Hose and Reel Brigade and Salvage Corp-, unde: the charge of their captains, were out with great exped;tion, but they, too, had to return without their services being called into r&qubition.; A large crowd of people were soon on the alert, but ro one knew the situation of the supposed conflagration. Would it not be a great benefit if the two brigades were c~nnected by telephone, so that when rumours reached one station to the effect that t'hl other had sounded the tocsin, they could have instant communical:ion for auhentica ig state ments which hove so frequently been found to be untrue and engender alarm among the'inhabitants? A farm labourer named Piggott, recently employed near Sevenoak, in Kent, has just come into a fortune of £70,000 by the death of a relative. fvwo men, named John Armstrong, and Dan McAlanan, employed as retort men by the Broxburn Oil Company, Broxburn, Lin lithgowshire, lately engaged in a stand-up fight in a field adjoining tthe company's works, when, after forty-five mihutes fighting it is alleged, McAlanan struck Armstrong a blow under the chin, breaking the wind pipe and felling him to the ground. Arm strong expired immediately afterwards. His aesailant disappeared, and has not yet been traced by the police. Before delivering an address at Failsworth, Lancashire, one Sunday evening, Mlr. Brad. laugh, M.P., was the chief actor in the naming of a child. Hesaid it gave him much pleasure in performing this ceremony, and it was not done in mockery or in imitation of the ceremonies of any other body. There was a rule that children's names should be made known and registered, and there was an advantage in naming a child publicly. He then kissed and named the child, express. ing the hope that when she grew up to womanhood she would not be ashamed of them, and they be proud of her. Two men, named Neil M'Lean and Neil M'Millao, fishermen, were recentlysent thirty days to prison for stealing porter out of a cask at the quay, Cas.lgeltwn, ScQ.litld, The prisoneti admitted the charge, and on being asked if they had anything to say for themselves, M'Lean, who had been before the court recently for asimilar offence, coolly asked the magistraite if he would not take steps to prevent people laying temptation in the way of folks like him by putting casks on the quay with whisky and porter. It was too bad that at was allowed, and it was not easy for people like him to resist the temptation. (Great laughter.)-The Bailie remarked that M'Lean had the matter in his own hands. Let him avpid the casks for th. future, thd Iorivegiami lietdorolbgdcai institute of Christiania has adopted an ingenious plan for disseminating its weather reports among the farmers, fishermen, &c.; Thus, on the brake of every train departing from the capital to any part of the country after 3 p.m., a signal is exhibit'd indicating the weathe- to be expected for the ensuing 24 hours. These signals are very simple, con sisting of rtd and white triangles, Equares, and balls, euch of which, or several com bined, have their meaning; a white ball, for instance, "fine weather," &e.;" These signals will also be displayed from the masts of several coasting steamers. .Paris medical journals report that Eudosio Helouin, a woman of 47 years of age, who has been for many years a patient at the Salpatriere, suffering from paralysis and bysteria, has been nowv lying for several days in a cataleptic sleep. She seems to be in a condition of almost total insensibility, and shows no sign of pain even when needles are olunged pretty deeply into any part of the body. Fluid nourishment is administered to her, wine, milk, soup, eggs, &c.; The patient is excessively stout. Some years ago she weighed 140 kilograms (22 atone), but subsequently lost about 30 kilos. (4 stone 10 lb.), after which she fell into a long and deep sleep. It is unnec?ssary to say .that she is most carefully watched by the medical men connected with the Salpetriere. 