SAMJAL IVWWS. Tub Committee of the Benevolent In stitution, begs to acknowledge with thanks the following subscriptions re ceived from 11th August to 1st Septem ber :— Collected by Mesdames Goldsmith and Papi — Brennan & Geraghty, £1 ; Mesdames Braun, Harvey, Smyth, aud White Bros. 10s. 6d. each : Mrs. Medcalfe, Rev. Gray, and E. & W. ICruger, 10s. each ; Mrs. Weickhurst, 2s. 6d ; a Friend, 2a. 6d. : Mrs. Brand, 2s. G. E , 3s. Col lected by Mrs. Warry— j. Marsden, 10s. Gd ; Mrs. Laing, 10s. ; James Wilson, 10s. Collected by Mrs. Oweu — Mesdames A. Ii. Wilson, J. E. Brown, aud Mel ville, £1 Is. each ; Mrs, P. Ramsay aud Miss Melville, 10s. each ; Mrs. O'Malley, 10s. 0 d. : Mrs. Bream, 5s. ; J. Christeuseu, and two friends, 2s. Gd. each. Collected from the Rev. Copas' congregation, £4 3s. Collected by Mrs. Southerden — Mrs. Stupart, 10s. 6d. ; Mrs. Southerden, 10s. Gd ; also useful clothiug from Mesdames A. H. Wilson, W. WilliamB, S. S. Bar uett and W. Keith. Error in last re nort — Mrs. C. Hansen, 5s. ; Rlckhard's entertainment, £6 Is. 3d. The raiufall iu the colony for the month of July, 1886, is published iu the last Gazelle. At Bauana the total was 3'32 inches ; Boonara, 2-8G ; Bundaberg, 3-81 ; Caniboon, 3-91 ; Gayn dah, 3'31 ; Gladstone, 3-64 ; Gympie, 3-16 ; Hawkwood, 4-00 ; Inskip Poiut, 10-30 ; Kilkivan, 2-10 ; Maryborough (Yengarie), 4-63 ; Mount Perry, 3*83 ; Nanango, 3-75 ; Taroom, 3'87 ; Woody Island, 3 3G inches. Geraltou furnished the greatest rainfall with 15*64 inches. At. Cumberland there was the greatest fall in 24 hours, with 4'24 inches, aud at Gooudi aud Mackay there were the greatest number of rainy days, being 16 at each place. The rainfall at Gigoomgau for the mouth of August was 3-11 inches, made up as follows : -Ou the 5th, 0-57 points ; 11th, 0-51 ; 15th, 0-96 ; 21st, O SO ; 28th, 0-14 ; aud 31st, 013 points. We have received iuformation on the very best authority that the Q.S. Com pany's steamer Corea has been told off to take about 300 returns to all the groups of the S.S. Islands, calliug in at auy ports on the coast where sufficient inducement offers. Employers of Polynesian labor are to be advised that they may make their own arrangements with the Q.S.S. Company. We believe that the price is £5 per head. This is probably a specula tive move ou the part of the company, aud should prove successful as the re cruiting trade can thus be carrie I on with much more despatch aud less chance of danger than by sailiug vessels. The tri p of the Corea may be the means of opening up a profitable commercial inter course with the islands. Tub electiou for a member for Subdi vision No. 1, Burrum Divisional Board, rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr. P. Biddies, took place ou Wednesday before Mr. N. E. N. Tooth, Returning Officer. Noraiuatiou papers had been received nominating Mr. Charles Powers solicitor, aud Mr. Christian Lortenseu Hansen, farmer, Pialba. Mr. Henseu's nomination paper was informal, as all the ratepayers signing it with one excep tion had failed to pay their rates. Mr. Tooth therefore declared Mr.Powersduly elected. Mr. Dethlevesen, on behalf of Mr. Hansen, protested iu most vigorous terms agaiust the ruling of the Return ing Officer. The Government Diamond Drill, now at. work for the Isis Investment Company at Isistown, is down 140ft., the last S2!t. being close grained sandstones, with stra tified marks and dark- colored shales. The first seam is not expected by the Isis Company to be cut under 300ft. The drill is working splendidly, the manager, Mr. Kopke, has had much experience in boring for coal in Victoriaand elsewhere. The bore is to go down at least 500 aiid per haps650feet. Another boreofsimilardepth line hoon nrru frur Tlio Toic f\\\m. pauy have also arranged for a series of 150ft. hand bores ou another portion of their property close to Isistown. An agent for the Sydney firm of Messrs. John Wilson aud Co. has in formed us that the cablegram published by us yesterday stating that the accept ances of the firm had been returued with liabilities at £81,000, is incorrect. We note that the Courier also publishes a flat denial of the purport of this telegram. The annual Volunteer Ball will be held at the Town Hall this evening. Au unusual number of tickets have been sold, and as the affair is one of the most popular terpsichordeau events of the year its success aud thorough eujoyment to the participators is assured. That wicked paper, the Pall Mall Gazelle, speakiug of Sir Samuel Wilson, says :— Hugheudeu has brought good for tune to its new owner. Sir Samuel Wilson has at last attained the object of his ambition, and writes M.P. after his name. Born in 1832, at Ballychoughan, couuty Antrim, one of the six sons of his father, Sir Samuel (he was plain Samuel aud poor Samuel iu those days) emigrated like other Irishmen have done from Erin's Isle. His Celtic acuteuess enabled him in time to becoaio a leading member of the great Australian squattocracy, gentle- men to whom a few thousand acres are neither here nor there. They bought when laud was worth a mere song or a stick of tobacco. To- day they reap the fruits of their sagacity. So Mr. Wilson prospered, and two Victorians were kind to him, and he arose Sir Samuel,, much to his delight. Some day his wealth may floatj hiui into a happy feud where trou bles ? cease and election's are no more. Well-known iu Australia11, he found him self an' obscurity iu London, and, afler casting about for a time procured a great personal advertisement by buying the retreat of Burke aud Beaconsfield, which resulted in ' pars ' of Which Baruum might, have beeu proud. By this means he hoisted himself before the public, but he is still dangling. Portsmouth has now given him what he would call, iu his happy colonial phraseology, a ' leg up.' lie plays the host ou an extensive scale, and endeavours to feed himself into vogue. But if Dizzy's ghost ever walks the long corridors of the Hughen deu Manor House he might whisper to Sir Samuel that ' manners inaketh men ' as well as. gold. Iu time, Sir Samuel will develop into a tolerable party hack. He is as gregarious as his own sheep.' 