The Advertiser "Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy Country's, Thy God's, and Truth's." ================================== FRIDAY, APRIL 9th, 1886. ================================== IN our advertising columns a notice appears convening a public meeting for the purpose of effecting an alteration of the recent iniquitous changes in the railway time-table. As the matter is one of urgent importance to everyone residing between Seymour and Benalla, we look forward to such a gathering as will give weight to the arguments in favor of a reversion to the old system. What the reason was which actuated the Commissioners we are at a loss to know, but it certainly was not a desire to convenience this district. As it at present stands residents of Sandhurst and other places at great distances are enabled to arrive in town before us, who are within a stone's throw of the metropolis. The North-Eastern is admittedly the best paying country line, and for that reason should receive special consideration ; but what do we find ? Our interests are utterly dis- regarded, and the few conveniences we did enjoy are to be taken from us. Mr Speight surely could never have been aware of the injury he was inflicting upon this district when the new time- table was issued. But, however that may be, the injury has been done, and it now rests with us to say whether we will submit to be quietly snuffed out in the interests of other centres of popu- lation. Euroa is up in arms, and we hope to see Violet Town, Longwood, and Avenel following its example. With united action, and a just cause. our petition will come to the authorities with unanswerable force, and will be followed by the speedy redress of our grievances. =============== A meeting of the commitee of the Euroa Agricultural Society was held on Tuesday afternoon, at Sutherland's Euroa Hotel, present—Messrs. McKenna (in the chair), Sutherland, Walsh, Slee, and Ogilby. Mr F. Ogilby was appointed acting- secretary, the time for which Mr Simpson, last year's secre- tary, was elected having expired, and it was decided to raise the salary to £40 per annum, and invite applications for the office. The chairman gave notice of motion for the rescinding of the rules of the society, with a view to to their amendment. The season for tree-planting having come round once more, we understand there is a disposition on the part of some of the business people in Euroa, to agitate for extensive planting this year. Many of them are agreeable to contribute something to- wards the expense, if the Council can see its way to assist the work. The result of the recent examination for officers in the E. company Mounted Rifles has resulted very satisfactorily. Mr Edgar Slee has been appointed as Major. command- ing the E. Company, his position being a high and honorable one in military circles, and one well deserved, Mr Slee having had 24 years' experience in soldiering. Messrs W. B. Pleasents, R. J. Howell, (Euroa) and T. J. Daly (Yea). are appointed Lieutenants. Sergcants—Messrs C. H. Howell. F. Ogilby, and Fredk. Howell. Corporal—Mr W. Casement. A preliminary tmeeting was held at Sutherland's Hotel, Euroa, on Tuesday evening last to discuss the necessary steps to secure an alteration of the present absurd railway time-table. It was decided to request the President of the Shire to convene a public meeting to deal with the matter. An announcement in reference thereto appears in our advertising columns. Complaints have been made to us by subscribers at Tamleugh of the " The Violet Herald" not reaching them. We have been to some trouble making enquiries into the matter, and have traced several of the missing copies up to their safe delivery into the Tamleugh bag. What becomes of them afterwards is a mystery, which shall be cleared up in the event of a continuance of the complaints alluded to. A fair damsel appeared before Jas. Birkett, Esq., J.P., at the Euroa Police Court on Saturday morning, and was ordered to pay 5s for being " elevated " on licensed premises the previous evening, and another 5s to defray the cost of a journey via coach to Her Majesty's Arms. On a further charge of disobedience as a hired servant a fine of £1 was inflicted. The prelimintury meeting of the Euroa Football Club was held at the Euroa Hotel on Monday evening, Mr Maurie Garrett in the chair, and 23 members present. The Secretary stated that 40 members had been enrolled up to date. The following officers were elected :—Patron, W. H. Haley, Esq. ; President, G. Sutherland, Esq ; Secretary and Treasurer, James Simpson ; Committee, Messrs S. Simpson, T. Jobling, J. Main, S. Anderson, A. Weir, A. Wheeler, J. Ferguson. It was decided that the subscrip- tion for the season be 2s 6d, payable in advance, also that the colors be royal blue and white jerseys and hose, dark blue knickers. A meeting of the club will be held every alternate Tuesday evening, 8 p.m., at the Euroa Hotel. A vote of thanks to Mr Sutherland for the use of the room and to the chairman, concluded the meeting. Some youth, either by accident or design poked his head through the window of Mr W. Allen's private house in Railway street Euroa, on Wednesday evening, about half- past ten, smashing the.glass with a terrific noise. The inmates, who had retired to rest, were aroused, and were rewarded for their examination by finding a hat sticking in the broken pane, its wearer having evi- dently been in too great a hurry to withdraw it. Mr Allen still has the article, and is desirous of interviewing the owner. Perhaps some local Bosco Blithers will see his way to "call about a hat." Among other regulations just issued for the guidance of the Mounted Rifles, is one as to the mode of correspondence with head quarters. All communications must be made through the officer commanding the various corps, who will forward same to head quarters, with any remarks he may think it necessary to attach. One of the porters at the Longwood rail- way station, through some error in manipu- lating the points, threw the engine and several trucks of the evening goods train off the line on Tuesday. The engine was damaged, and traffic considerably delayed. The express was an hour behind, and had to pass through the goods shed, while the train from Melbourne which reaches Euroa at 10:30 p.m., did not arrive till about one o'clock. A fatigue party, consisting of the sergeant and 6 men from the E. company Mounted Rifles, is to start for Queenscliff on Wednes- day morning, in Easter week, the rest of the Company to leave next day. It is estimated that about 50 men will go into camp from the North-Eastern troop. The Rev. A. Isaac lectures in the Method- ist Church, Violet Town, on Monday next, in aid of the organ fund. The following local horses have been entered for the Mansfield races, which come off on the 14th and 15th April :—Mansfield Handicap—Mr Tomkins' Ding Darling and Cymro, Mr Williams' Geraldine, Mr Cain's Try Me, Mr Moran's Hemlock, and Mr Little's Wisdom. Farmers' Purse. — Mr Tomkin's Cymro, Mr Williams' Geraldine, Mr Cain's Try Me, Mr Moran's Hemlock, Mr Little's Wisdom. Hurdle Race—First day. Mr Hogg's Monsieur and Inverell, Mr. Cain's Try Me. Hurdle Race.—Second day.—Mr Hogg's Monsieur and Inverell, Mr Cain's Try Me. The name of Mrs W. Duncan was inadver- tently omitted from our list of the ladies who waited on the tables at the anniversary of the Karramomus Presbyterian Church. A meeting of the school teachers of the district has been convened by circular, to be held in the Euroa State school to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, to discuss the desir- ability of forming a branch of the Teachers' Union. Mr W. P. Dawson is the convener. The Rev. Wesley Johns preaches his inaugural sermon in the Euroa Wesleyan Church next Sunday morning. Mr J. Wright has been appointed to the charge of State school No 2274, Strathbogie, and will commence duty when relieved of his present position. The date upon which he will commence school duties is not yet known to the correspondent of the Board of Advice. At the ordinary meeting of the Euroa Branch A.N.A., No. 48, on Monday evening last, Mr T. Ford (President) presiding, it was determined to actively support the Board of Directors' protest to the Home Govern- ment re the New Hebrides. Mr Geo. Gor- don moved the following resolution :— That this meeting indignantly protests against the cession by Great Britain to France of the New Hebrides, such action being inimical to the best interests of Australasia." Mr W. Neelands seconded the motion in a patriotic speech, in which he was warmly supported by Mr Stribling. On the motion of the secretary, it was determined to call a public meeting in the Temperance Hall, under the auspices of the A.N.A., and a committee, consisting of the president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer, was appointed to arrange there- for. Mr W. Neelands was appointed vice- president, and Mr W. Dawson secretary in the place of Mr N. Israel, whose business precluded his attention to the secretarial duties. One new member was elected, and four nominated, viz., Messrs J. Hartley, James Barrett, Jno. Wade, and T. Purchase. After the business had been disposed of, a debate—"Are civilised nations justified in annexing inhabited islands ?" was taken part in by members and visitors, of whom a large number were present, the question being decided in the affirmative by an over- whelming majority. We have received the first copy of a new Journal, " The Australian Christian World," which, as its name implies, is a weekly re- ligious paper that shall keep us in touch with the Christian life of all Australia." It contains 16 pages of well-printed and thoughtful matter, and is, even to the "secular" reader, a good twopennyworth. The editor promises, "with Divine help, British pluck, good business management, the federal sentiment, and the practical sympathies" of his readers, to give the journal a successful run. We commend the " World" to all interested in the pro- gress of humanity at large. The Rev. S. C. Kent, of Albert Park, Melbourne, will occupy the pulpit of St. Paul's Church, Euroa, on Sunday morning and evening, preaching anniversary sermons. Jackson's beautiful choral service will be rendered by a special choir. On the follow- ing Wednesday what promises to be a most successful tea and meeting will be held in the Public hall, Euroa. On several occa- sions lately the Temperance Hall has been found too limited to accommodate the number of visitors, and in view of this fact the church committee have determined to try the experiment of filling the larger building. Great exertions are being made by the ladies who have undertaken to provide tables, and the result, we doubt not, will be equal to all expectations. The public meeting afterwards will be addressed by quite a galaxy of oratorical talent. The usual monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Violet Town Mechanics' Institute was held last week, at Mr McShane's Kialla Hotel. There were pre- sent—Messrs Crocker (in the chair), S. Denton, A. McKenzie, P. Keane, J. McShane and the secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con- firmed. A plan was submitted for a porch and finishing to front of new building, which met with the approval of the meeting, but the price exceeded what the committee felt justified in incurring, seeing it would have to come down when the reading rooms were being erected. The balance-sheet for con- cert held on March 18th was laid before the meeting, which showed a credit of £15 5s 6d to be placed to the funds of the Institute. It was unanimously agreed that the best thanks of the committee be tendered to those ladies and gentlemen who helped to make the recent concert such a success. The secretary was instructed to get subscription lists out for collecting money for the Insti- tute. This brought the general meeting to a close, after which a special meeting took place for the purpose of again considering the forfeiture of Mr Hanlan's deposit money. After a great deal of discussion it was unanimously agreed that Mr Hanlan be given back £6, £8 to be retained for trouble and expense that the committee have been put to through his not taking up the contract at the price he tendered for. We ulllerstandil tihatt . r Gilsonalln purpose . delivering a special adldress to yolllng peopl Son Sunday eveulling lnext, at Udllerwvood'li Hall, Violet Town. Correspondent :—Mr O'Leary was twice defeated for Moira (including last election.) Mr Park, [evangelist] of the Church of Christ, preaches in the Temperance Hall Euroa, to-night and Sunday, at 7 p.m. The Strathbogie West Wesleyan Church celebrates its anniversary on Sunday next, when special sermons will be preached by Rev. Wesley Johns. A tea and public meeting will be held on the Tuesday follow- ing. A concert in aid of the Castle Creek State school prize fund is to take place at an early date. The annual picnic in connection with St. Paul's Sunday school, Euroa, will be held on Thurslday next, on the banks of the Seven Creeks. Dr. Tuthill, Government Vaccinator, will attend at Violet Town every Wednesday, during April, and may be consulted between the hours of 12 and 1, at Mr Barker's, chemist. Messrs Slee, Ogilby and Co., sell by public auction, at the Violet Town stock sale to- morrow (Saturday), the properties of Mr W. T. W. Sambell, the late Mr M. Capper, and Mr H. Linard, particulars of which are given elsewhere. On Monday, 12th inst., the same firm offer the properties of Mrs M. Block and John Sanderson. Messrs Goyder and Hay advertise a special sale of house property and building allotments in Euroa, to take place at an early date. A buggy rug is in the possession of the Euroa police. The article was found on the Balmattum road, and the owner may obtain possession on application to Senior-Constable Orr. We direct attention to the special advertisment of Mr W. Williams, in which he notifies the opening of his Euroa business. Mr Williams' enterprise will, no doubt, meet a full measure of success. The Rev. Wesley Johns preaches his inaugural sermon in the Wesleyan Church, Euroa, on Sunday morning next, and con- ducts week-day service on the Friday following. A meeting is to be held at Balmattum on Saturday evening in reference to the proposed new hall, Messrs Hall and Graham, M.'s L.A., have been banqueted by their admirers at Shep- parton. Our Balmattum letter is held over. Mr Deakin is now in communication with three different firms with reference to the introduction into the colony of improved boring appliances. The borers now in use generally fail at a depth of from 400 to 500 feet. With a drill like the " Club churn" it is easy to reach a depth of 1,000 to 1,500 feet. In the Mount Wycheproof and Nhill districts good water has already been proved at considerable depths, and Mr Deakin has a been asked to sanction a series of systematic borings in the Wimmera. He will consent to the proposal as soon as he ascertains the best kind of drill for the purpose. The Premier on Tuesday cabled the Agent General that he had received from Mr Thurston, the acting-Governor of Fiji, an elaborate report giving his reasons for pro- testing against the French annexation of the New Hebrides. This protest was considered by Mr Gillies of so much importance, not only intrinsically, but from the admitted authority of Mr Thurston on questions relating to the New Hebrides, that he forwarded a digest of the report by cable to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. In this he says Mr Thurston writes as the representative of one of the federated colonies invited by the Secretary of State to consider the annexation proposals. Mr Thurston, expresses grave apprehensions as to the proposed annexation by France. Rapa would not compensate for the New Hebrides. The proposal to cease transpor- tation is rather a disadvantage than other- wise. New Caledonia is already full of convicts, and those now shut up there would be dispersed through the islands, making many nests of criminals instead of one. Speculators in New Caledonia have, or profess to have, bought land in the New Hebrides, and they would occupy it with assigned or free convict servants. In an economical view Fiji would be injured by the competition of convict labour with British free labour. The neutral status of the New Hebrides should be firmly main- tained. The question of sovereignty might be conveniently left. The commerce of the Pacific must fall to Australia, which will probably dominate in other respects. Mr Thurston deprecates any change that would diminish the influence of Great lBritain in the Pacific. The assurances of France of an intention to cease transportation are doubt less bona fide, but in course of time would prove irksome to French susceptibilities and inconsistent with national honour. As to the proposed guarantee of the rights of mis- sionaries, experience in the Loyalty Islands destroys in value. There is no probability of different treatment in the New Hebrides. The christian and civilising work there is altogether British. The natives have no desire for annexation by France, and Mr Thurston considers that the settlement of the New Hebrides from New Caledonia would result in misery to the natives, and ultimately to their rapid extinction. For some timne past (says the Standard) an old woodcarter has amused numerous people by his description of a ghost that he has seen on the Mansfield-road near the Royal Farm. He always alleges that it is the spirit of a murdered man compelled to wander until his bones have been given a Christian burial. The story has been put down to "spirits" of this world, of which the " ghost seer" is a boon companion. Now the story is being revived again, as on Friday last three young men were coming home from fishing, when, as they allege, they were startled at seeing a shadowy form in front of then. It was spoken to but evidently not understanding the human language, remained silent. One of the party struck at it with his fishing rod, but was startled at seeing the rod pass through it. The whole party waited to see no more, but made speedy tracks into the town. On Saturday night at the " hour when grave- yards yawn," a party of a dozen drove out to the scene fully determined to lay the ghost with the aid of a shot gun or two, but saw nothing out of the common. " Anything."—When Isaiah Thomas, the printer of Massachusetts, was printing his almanac for the year 1780, one of his boys asked him what he should put opposite July 13.: Mr Thomas, being engaged, replied, " Anything !" The boy returned to his office and set "Rain, hail, and snow." The country was all amazement when the day arrived, for it actually rained, hailed, and snowed violently. From this time " Thomas Almanac" was in great demand. Mr Holt, the absconding bank manager, was on Monday morning brought before the Brisbane police magistrate and a bench crowded with justices. Bankers, merchants, and others were also in court. Plain-clothes Constable Wyre deposed to the arrest, under the direction of Detective Nethercote. Holt confined himself to showing that he had given up everything voluntarily, and, when arrested, was on his way to Sydney by the Leura. He was clean shaved, used spectacles, and appeared remarkably like a Catholic priest, in which guise he had travelled though various parts of Queens- laund during the last three -weeks. It is understood that the guise of a priest attracted the suspicion of the Maryborough police, who wired to Brisbane. Holt applied for an immediate remand to Sydney. The police magistrate was unable to grant this until the arrival of the warrant from Sydney. Prisoner was remanded till Satur- day, when he will probably be sent to Sydney. Sir Patrick Jennings delivered his budget statement in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly on Tuesday evening. The Treassurer stated that the actual deficit at the end for 1885 was £1,309,471, or £40,000 more than Mr Burns had esti- mated it to be, and over £300,000 more than was mentioned in the financial state- ment delivered on behalf of the Dibbs Government. The retrenchment pro- posed by the new Ministry is to be effected by decreasing the expenditure for 1886 from £9,113,881, as estimated by Mr Burns, to £8,571,853, showing a saving of £542,028 on the year's expenditure, or compared with the expenditure of 1885, namely, £9,237,013, a retrenchment of £665,160. The estimated revenue for 1886 was stated at £8,339,500, thus leav- ing an estimated deficiency of £183,858, which is to be provided for by increased specific and ad valorem customs duties, which are expected to raise £308,000 ; increased stamp and probate duties, from which £65,000 is expected to be received ; land tax of 0½d in the £, equalling £10,000 ; and an income tax, with an ex- emption of up to £300, netting about £250,000. 