HABITS OF THB CUCKOO. However -svall known may be this summer visitant of England, there are itiil few paints in its strange lif e-hiatory that have been well worked oat. liven an ornithologist will hesitate to say whether it is the male or female bird which ntters the familiar cry, or will be able to say when the young bird moults. In Mr. Henry Seebohm's important and jnst-pnblised " History of British Birds " we find that the strongest doubts are thrown on the statements that the young cuckooo, soon after it is batched, ejects the young or eggs of its foster-parents from the nests. " One feels inclined," we read, " to class these narratives with the equally well authenticated stories of ghosts and apparitions," and this, too, though these narratives are from the pens of such accurate observers as Montagu, Jenner, and others. It is therefore not without interest that we find, from a series of observations made with every precaution as to their accuracy by Mr. John Hancock (Nat. Sift. Trant., Northumberlaad, -Durham, and Newcastle-on-Tyne, vol. viii,' 1886), that the observations of the' older writers were exact. The nest of a hedge accenter, built in a con venient spot for observation, was found, on January 17,1881, to contain four eggs of the accentor and one cu-koo's egg- On the 27th the cnckoo's egg and two eggs of the accentor were hatched. On the 28th the " murder " began with an attempt on the part of the cuckoo to put out of the nest one of the un hatched eggs. At 10.30 a.m. on the same day the egg was successfully thrown out. Getting more perfectwithpractice, about half an hour later one of the young accentors was ejected; strange to say, its mother was present, and looked on quite calmly, but the desperate efforta of the young murderer seemed for the time to exhaust it, so that it was not until 1 p.m. that it re turned to the work and poshed out the seoond egg, and then tried to put out the remaining accentor. This at 3 80 was done, and the enckoo remained sole occupant. Ho wonder Mr. Hancock writes: "The cuckoo's proceed ing, sa I saw it, is, in my opinion, the most wonderful and unaccountable piece of business that I ever witnessed in bird life." . Some of our readers may like to leam that one of the unfortunate yoong accentors was placed in a whitethroat's nest, where there were four young ones abont its own age, and that it was properly attended to by its foster-parents, whereas the yonng cnckoo was, after a week's short existence, found dead, apparently of sun stroke, at the bottom of its nest. The wife of a horsebreaker, at Beverley, recently saddled him with four healthy giris. She is now the proud mother of 12 bairns. "We hope papa will always have a bit to put in their months. But wonder, meanwhile, how he can curb bis temper. An Fxtbaobdinaby Eqo.—"H. W. C." writes from the Limes, "Walthamstow, March 12:—" I think some of your scientific readers may be interested to know of an extraordinary egg laid by one of my pullets. It was of an enormous size, measuring 91 inches round its length, and weighed 6 ounces. It was cooked, and on opening was found to contain a yolk and white, as well as another egg of ordinary size, with yolk, white, and shell all perfect." To be a gentleman does not depend upon the tailor or the toilet; gcod clothes are not good habits. A gentleman is gentle, is modest, is courteous, iB generous, is slow to take offence, as being one that never gives it, is slow to sur mise evil, as being one that never thinks it, goes armed only in consciousness of right; be subjects his appetites, refines his taste, sub dnes his feelings, and deems every other man better than himself. Mss. Siddons had many compliments paid to her talents, and some of an unusual bind. The bar of England, as well as that of Sootlsnd, presented her with a testimonial. But Bhe was probably most pleased with the flattering homage paid to her by the Commissioners of "Woods and Forests, who directed that the plan of Regent's Park should be altered, so that tho view from her window in Baker street shonld not be interfered with. Fob some time past the Prince of Wales has been snlfering from such alarming attaaks of dyspepsia that his physioians ordered him to live mostly on the lean part of mntton ohops and stale breed. He was told on no account to take hardbake, jumbles, and jam tarts just before his meals, and was strictly forbidden to indulge iu saveloys, pease-pudding, whelks, new buns, raw chestnut-*, and baked potato skins at any period of the dap. By careful attention to his instructions, H.R.H. is now oonvalesoent. A small Scotch boy was summoned to give o via or. co against his father, who had been making a disturb lie. sal the street the evening before. The bai are d to him, " Come, now, my wee man, you tbe too young to take the oath; but speak truth and let us hear all you know about this affair." " Weol, sir, dso you ken George IT. Brig?" "Fine that, laddie " " Weel, you gang alang it, and, when you turn the corner, you gang up the High street." '"Deed dae jou, laddie. You're a clever ane." " Weel, you gang on till you co ne to a pump." "Yes, yes; I ken it fine."" " Weel, you ean gang and pump it, for you'll nq pump me!" 