The Origin of the Vanderbilt Wealth. (VANITY PAIR.) Among the many notices of the deceased railway king, W. H. Vanderbilt, I have not seen any reference to the real origin of the family wealth. Mr. Vanderbilt's father was, as everybody Knows, Cornelius, the so-called Commodore. Now, the commodore was the son of a hard-working man, who ran a 8 mall ferryboat across the_ Hudson river. When Cornelius's father died, the business was continued by the widow, who took on Corne lius as 14 deck hand" to work the boat and look after the dimeB. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing ; so that, having soon accumulated enough to buy or hire a email boat of his own, he started an opposition ferry to his mother's. The old lady bought him off, and then Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established ferry routes, being ' bought off" by each in encceesion with much profit to himself. He continued this game until he had accumulated enough money to buy a big eteamer, which he then started in oppo sition to a Boston com pany. Bought off there he attacked another line and so on nntil he had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then he sold out of steamers and 44 went for" railways. It iB with reference to this trait in the commodore's character-— his mania for opposition, and his liking for being bought off— that the story is told of him and other two millionaires on the shady banks of Styx. Astor, A. T. Stewart, and the commodore a>l died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudging through the gloom to Styx, found some one sitting on the bank. As he got nearer, " Snakes," said he, 44 if that aiu t Astor ! Why, Astor, what on airfch are you sittiu4 there for? 44 Oh" replied Astor, 44 that old cuss, Charon, there, he wantB to charge me five dollars to put me acroBB. I offered him three, but he wouldn't trade, and I'm darned if I'll give him more f" 44 Well," said Stewart, 44 let's hail the old cuss and offer him five dollars for the two- joint venture." So they hailed Charon, who demanded five dollars a head. This made Astor furious, and Stewart despondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. 44 I have it," he cried ; 44 when I left up there, old Vanderbilt was just nigh croakin. I tell you what we'll do ; we'll just wait till he comes along. He'll start an opposition boat, and we'll get over for a dollar a head!" (Left Bitting.) 