? ON Saturday we shall have a day's racing at Williamstowu, and as the local club is slowly but surely proving that "Excelsior" is its motto, a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon should be spent at the " fishing village." BUT not within coo-ey of last Saturday at Flemington. Then, indeed, wore Mr. H. Byron Moore's words borne out to the very letter—"The grandest steeplechase meeting ever held in the Southern Hemisphere." And all the more enjoyable because the heavy fog that threatened at one time to obscure proceedings lifted in the nick of time, and enabled the assembled thousands (there must have been fully fifteen of tliem) to witness contests that were worth making a pilgrimage to view. EIGHT saddled up for the opening event, the Maiden Hurdle Race, about two miles, and as the Ballarat division drew Sheet Anchor from the contest, and pinned their faith and their dollars to Sir Launcelot, his price quickly shortened to G to 4. Mackay found consistent support at 3 to 1; but with the exception of Hobart and Scobie's mount, Arganthone, the rest of the field were scarcely mentioned. Malone played a waiting game on Mackay, the full brother to Duration anc! Dizzy—Earimill by name, and a most promising threeyear- old—carving out the pace for a mile-aiid-a-quarter, when the field closed on him, the favourite being quickly at the head of affairs, and, albeit the rider of Mackay made a determined effort, a blunder over the last hurdle proved fatal to his prospects, and he suffered defeat by tliree-quarters-of-a-lengtli in 3 uiins. 55 sees., Hobart being third, three lengths away. Six aspirants for honours over the big sticks ranged up before the starter in the Maiden Steeplechase, also about two miles; and the fame of Mr. G. Buckley's bay gelding Wickliffe, by Young Touchstone out of an Atlios mare, had so impressed the general public that he started a level money favourite; the Western District horse, Andy, being considered liis most dangerous opponent. Andy was certainly next best; but dangerous he never really was, for that brilliant cross-country horseman, Cree, rode Wickliffe with such consummate skill and judgment that he left Andy as if the latter was standing still after negotiating the last fence, and won easily by three lengths, the time record being 5min. lj-sec., and the nearest horse of the remaining qnartett being Trooper, fully a couple of furlongs away, and consequently unplaced. AMONGST the eleven contestants for the Grand National Hurdle Race, about three miles, was Sheet Anchor, the winner of the Melbourne Cup of 1885; and as punters remembered the hot pot (C to 4) he started for the same event last year they planked down their pieces BO gaily that he actually started a still hotter favourite, 5 to 4 being the best offer when the flag fell. The Adelaide mare, Ruby, had a host of admirers after her easy win in the Spring, when she covered the distance in 5min 33sec.; but the " talent" would much have preferred her chance had the race been run a week earlier, as her gallop with Brown Eagle for a few furlongs on Friday morning was far from reassuring. Coupled with this she had a stone and a pound more to carry, and weight always tells its invariable tale in a long, stoutlycontested race. Thus it was that Duration's friends were "dubersome about his ability to carry 12st. 71b. to the point; but the Messrs. Cripps > had brought a him to the post in such excellent fettle that lie ran lluby a dead heat for second favouritesliip at 6 to 1. Hilltop was considered a real good thing by "those who ought to know, you know;" but he broke down during the race and finished absolutely last. Few, indeed, gave Mr. W. Moffatt's bay gelding Ocean, by Lady Kirke, a second thought; but there were those who had seen him scarver round the sand track in 2mins. 31sees. and finish up a mile and a half in 2mins. 4Gsecs. in tbe gloaming on Wednesday evening, and they nibbled away quietly at the 25's and 20's to one that were so easily obtainable, and thought they were doing real good biz. And so they were, for after Wild Dog had set them all a dance for a couple of miles, Ocean joined issue with him, and O'Brien also making his effort —a little too early as the sequel proved—the race resolved itself into a match between the pair, and 9st. 131b. as represented by Andy Ferguson proving too much for Ruby's lOst. 121b., a good set-to resulted in no easy victory for Ocean by a little over a length, Sheet Anchor being third, Grattan fourth, and Duration (who ran a wonderful race right through, and was judiciously eased when pursuit of the leaders was hopeless, fifth. Time, 5mins. 35secs. TWELVE came out for the Grand National Steeplechase, about three miles, and after such a slice of luck in the previous race fielders were vociferous in their shoutB of 3 to 1 against Game, the elect of the Ballarat division. Still nothing supplanted him in public estimation, albeit Studley at 5 to 1 and Reticent and Lady Ashton at 6 to 1 each, received hearty support. No person is such a firm believer in luck as your horsey man; and therefore Native was entrusted with a good bit of money at 12 to 1, not so much for the intrinsic merit of the horse as from the fact that Ferguson was to steer him. And right worthily did he acquit himself; but to no purpose, as Game came when wanted in the straight, and romped home an easy winner by half a dozen lengths, Native being a length iu advance of Lady Ashton, who—contrary to the usual tactics—was ridden a waiting race by Mr. A. M'Culloch, and despite her steadier of 12st. 51b. landed first into the straight for the final run home. Time, Cmin. '"Bee. THE Selling Hurdle Race, of a mile and a half nd a distance, only attracted a field of five, and of these am Floyd's mount, Fusilier, started first favourite at 5 o 4, Problem and Wild Dog coming next at 2 to 1. The avourite was done with as they turned into the straight, nd Problem ran home four lengths in advance of Joey, ho was a similar distance ahead of Fusilier. Time,3mins. NINETEEN horses started for the Flat Race, of one mile ; and the following quotations show pretty plainly how the various cats jumped towards the close of the pencilling operations:^ to 1 The Ghost, C to 1 Middlemarch (Alec. Robertson up) and Lesbia, 7 to 1 Straight Shot, Stafford, and Quintin Matsep, 8 to 1 Oakleigh, 10 to 1 Duke of Athol and Bohemian (the latter at one time touched 5 to 1, gobbled up eagerly till they got ughesed toit), and 15 to 1 Gardenia. When the flag fell the striggled-out appearance of the field was likely to create an impression that there were not many of them on the job, and Duke of Athol being " one of tbe few" be ver soon showed the others a clean pair of beels. 1 ast year's winner, The Ghost, The great national game of cricket* is making rapid strides in Australia, and a team of Australians can bold their own against the world. Good cricket cannot be played without irood materials. These are supplied by-Boyle and Scott, 41 ! Bourke-street east, who have had made specially to order, and selected by Mr. Boyle, of the Australian eleven, some really splendid bats, the best ever sent to Australia. Cricketers can select from over 3000, the Largest Stock in the Colonics. Large assortment of lawn T«mnig Materials, and every requisite for outdoor sport. came very fast on the outside as they swept into the straight, but he couldn't foot it with the leader, who seemed to have the race at his mercy until his rider fell into a " Brown study," wliich " the crouching panther" on Gardenia perceiving, ho made a most determined effort, and ere the jockey on Duke of Athol was aware of his danger, M. O'Brien was upsides with him, and by a splendid stroke of generalship, scored a victory by a short head, Quintiu Matscp third, three lengths away. Time, lrnin. 42Jsecs. The course was rather hard on Saturday, and consequently fast times were recorded. In the majority of instances much faster than last year, as the following tabulated statement will show:—188.5 — Maiden Hurdle Race, won by Hippogriff in 4inin. 3sec. ; Maiden Steeplechase, Reticent, Smin. a^secs.; G. N. Hurdle Race, The Agent (list. 01b.), Cmin. Ojsec.; G. N. Steeplechase, Wymlet, (lOst. 41b.), 7min. 19}secs.; Selling Hurdle Race, Student, 3min. 17<secs.; Flat ftaee, The Ghost, lmin. 48jsecs. 1880—Maiden Hurdle Race, won bv Sir Launcelot m 3min. 55 sees.; Maiden Steeplechase, Wickliffe, 5uiin. li sec.; G. N. Hurdle llace, Ocean (9st. 31b.), 5 min. 35Jse G. N. Steeplechase, Game (list. 101b.), Cmin. 48seo=., Selling Hurdle Race, Problem, 3min. Gisecs.; Flat Race. Gardenia (7st. 111b.), linin. 42Jsecs. LAST year Ferguson rode the winner of the G. N. Hurdle Race and Corrigau the winner of the G. N. Steeplechase. History repeated itself this year. Moreover, Cree, who won the Selling Hurdle Race on Student iu 1885, was successful with Wickliffe in the Maiden Steeplechase this year. Moral.—Back men—not horses. WICKI.IVFE'S performance in the Maiden Steeplechase stamps him as a downright top-sawyer at the game; and when Robert Scvior has him thoroughly seasoned I am positive that Mr. Buckley's horse will prove himself equal to Denmark in his best day. EVERYBODY, who is anybody kuows the celebrated drapery firm of Buckley and Nunu, who were located in Elizabeth-street when I first saw Melbourne in February 1852; but everybody doesn't know—and therefore must be made aware—that the veteran sportsman who is interested in Wickliffe is the senior member of that firm. QUINTIN MATSKP, with Sst. 21b., ran third, three lengths away, for the Flat Race; but if he had been thirteen lengths away- it is doubtful whether he wuuld not have still been third, so dexterously do the beaten livision throw dust in the eyes of the handicapper. Perliaps, after all, it is only another phase of what a fneud of mine used to designate " the eccentricity of oenius." Captain Armstrong—no, not the captain, his brother, Mi-. J, O. Armstrong, is crodited with having displayed it on occasions to ail extraordinary degree. RESULTS of Saturday's football matches :—Carlton, 5 goals 19 behinds; Essendou, 3 goals 7 beliinds played on the M.C.C. Ground. South Melbourne, C goals 15 beliinds; University, 2 goals 8 behinds; played on the University Ground. Hotham, 0 goals Gbeliinds; Fitzroy, 2 goals 10 behinds; played at Hotham. Williamstowu, 4 goals 17 behinds; Footscray, 3 goals 2 behinds; played at Williamstown. St. Kilda, 4goals8beliinds; Richmond 2 goals 10 behinds; played at St. Kilda. Port Melbourne, 4 goals 11 beliinds; South Ballarat, 2 goals 9 behinds; played at Port Melbourne. T. GURNEY has a mammoth entry for his Fourtli Sheffield Handicap, to be run at the Flemington grounds on tbe 31st July and 2nd and 3rd August, no less than 180 liavingbcen nominatedforthateveut. AHurdleliaceon the same programme has received 40 responses. A TELEGRAM from Ballarat which appeared in last Monday's Ar/jiis informed us that the success of the Ballarat horses gave the liveliest satisfaction in tliatcity. The following clipping from an English paper will not, I should imagine, give the Melbourne Cricket Club the " liveliest satisfaction " as to the financial prospects of the Australian Eleven tour:—" In the matter of finances tbe outlook can hardly be very charming for the Melbourne Club. Lord Sheffield gave them a nice sum for their first match, but the halt-share of the ' gate' at Nottingham would only be about £85, as the takings from all sources at Trent Bridge amounted to but £210. In previous years the receipts have been close on £1000. At Kensington Oval 20,170 people at a shilling each passed through the turnstiles. With fine weather double the number would have been present, and the colonists' share £1000 instead of a little over £500. The Surrey club, as they manage to get in nine instances out of ten, had the best of the bargain, for the stands and special enclosure accommodation must have increased their share by close on £300. At the match on Monday and Tuesday the Marylebone club was abandoned, and tbe game against Oxford at present progressing does not look like yielding an unmanageable surplus, the Australians have got very badly off then-' marks.' " AN English professional cricketer, who once visited the colonies as a gentleman player, was recently sentenced to a month's imprisonment for pilfering money nd valuables out of the clothes hung up in the dressingoom of his county cricket clubs. He pleaded very hard o be let off scatheleBB, promising the magistrates that f they were to discharge him he would at once emigrate o Australia! GREAT Csesar's ghost! Have we fallen as low as that? If tbe British magistrates ever come to seriously onsider appeals of that sort, in Heaven's name, let them end us out some of their good old High Toby and swell obs men, none of their fimiikin cly fakers. OLYMPUS. THE wheelmen of Sydney have recently been having the pleasure of witnessing the wonderful performances of an American trick rider, who rejoices in the name of Maltby. He gave his initial performance at tbe Sir Joseph Banks' Pavilion,' Botany, on the 10th of this month • before about five- hundred spectators, and his exhibition of trick riding is described by the local newspapers to be the cleverest that has ever been witnessed m Sydney. He appears to be a perfect master of the bicycle, for after riding without handles and working the pedals with one foot, lying horizontally on the saddle, he placed the bicycle upright upon two chairs and then climb into the saddle, and then from the saddle to the ground. After this he took the machine to pieces and performed upon only the large wheel. He was assisted by Sir. Rollinson, who-contributed as his share to the afternoon's enjoymenta laughable perfo m- ance of " a beginner on a bike." The two riders intend giving several more exhibitions in Sydney, when they will, no doubt, jiroceed to Melbourne, when we will bo able to judge if their feats excel those of our own trick rider, H, H O'Donnell. THE annual social of the Ballarat B. and T. Club will be held in the City Hall this evening, and a large attendance is expected, as the tickets for admission have been rapidly disposed of. The annual general meeting of the club will be held on the 2nd proximo, when the elections of office-bearers for the ensuing twelve months will be proceeded with. A BONE to pick with the police. While they are engaged iu running iu an unoffending actor, a doctor is garrotted in one of our public reserves. Would it not be a good idea if the foorce let the poor player alone, and took to looking after tbe " hugly" customers who are prowling about at night ? WE presume that that exalted grocer, if degraded politician, Sir Jerry, has, at some time or other, heard of such a person as William Shakespeare ; although we seriously doubt if he ever possessed a copy of the bard's works, much less read them. We may therefore be excused for directing our treacherous friend's attention to the following immortal lines from " Henry the Sixth," as being especially appropriate to his altered condition:— " When first this order was ordain'd, my lords, Knights of the Garter were of noble birth; Valiant, * and * virtuous, * * full of * haughty * courage. * He then that is not furnish'd in this sort Doth but usurp the sacred name of knight, Profaning this most honorable order." 