Table Tal^. Tm: Foreign Consuls la Sydney appear to havo a titer Wen of International courtesy,' than their Mol araobrethren, Tho Sydney Consuls- gave last week, y.ii lev,ih annual dinner to which Lorcl (Harrington the principal State functionaries wero Invitod. lis Is m it should bo, Tho Consuls by reason of their «iiion are invited to nil tho State dlnners'at Govorn-. sat House; to all tho Mayoral dinners j to all tho ills and parties; and in fact all the year round thoy '.tilted and outortalnocl for nothing. It would only ewmm,m politeness to give a roturn dinner onoo a art) the Governor and Mayor. Tho OonsvtlaT body iMelbourne, nre doing scant justice to tho powers h? represent by noglooting. to oultivnte reciprocal, ta Unmans hnvo hit upon a now and ingenious tW of advertising their manufactures. A vessel ulscnfitted up with a oomploto assortment of Ger i products by a German commercial-geographical dety ami a llerliu bank, and hns boon sont on a voy> "Mud the world. It servos as a floating, industrial -itifion, and is likely to bo of material benefit. In Ending the trade of Germany, This vessel will call •bitralian ports, pi Emperor of Austria's proposed visit to Munich 11 rau-eilquite a flutter of excitement amongst the % ot Vienna, who seo all kinds of possibilities in " htwe owing to tho fact that Prinoo Leopold of i'1® in son-in-law ot Franois Joseph. Should the Taolltwuria abdicate, they say, as surely ho must, i Ornate heir 13 his uncle,' Prince Leopold, who, at PM age, will naturally waive his' .claim in favour Prince Louis. But Prince Louis, tho gossips |Mi inr too atcopod in- olerloalism to be ever A in Havana, and he will consequently in his ^Mcatc in favour of his brother, "Prinoe' Leopold. ft * * I the judges and magistrates would treat larri [ ®lir the manner of His Honor'Judge Qalnlan, °l0i^C9'' Huioanccs of Melbourne would L*tlaU lta tenor?. Leniency. with the young tUuie'3 W'iQ streota and, suburbs,,a pex> fctt«::°de00ntwa^^ill'01'a is entirely.misdirected ; n C!Vn only he added to. long imprison solitary conflnoment it would have a good oil'oofc upon that portion of tho rising gonorntion ; which finds a vont for its natural oxubornnoo, first in 'insulting ancl then by natural evolution in robbing tho oltl/.ons, # * * Theiie is a rumor in Sydnoy that Admiral Tryon jwlll return to England in Ootobor next, ■ * • * * Tub Hon. Townsond MnoDormott, Barf istor-nt-Law, thas commenced an notion for alleged libol against Mr. (John GK Edwards, proprietor of tho -UmuVigo Indv 2>on(limt. Mr. MaoDerraott claims £500 damages. * . . * # i As tho Unitod States (lag is now allowed to bo oar •riod on an American- owned vessel though not built in that oountry, some of the larger British shipping cora pn7iios who wish to remodol their floots aro in hopes of effaoting remunerative sales of their extra boats, * * The famous vase which was purohased the other day at tho Morgan salo in How York for £8,000 is now do olnrod . to be a " delusion , and n snare," It was sup posed to have boon bought in China out of the collec tion of Prince Iwang Yoy, but it was assorted that it was really purchased at a shop in Pokin for £40, and, 'shaving been transported to America, that it was sold to the late Mrs. Morgan for £2,400, . Tub insolvency of Mr. Samuel Taylor Douglas, builder, of Caulfield, is no surprise to anyone who is acquainted with the causes of the present depression in Adolaide, Over-speculation in real estate is the prin cipal cause, Look at the figures in this Leviathan 'schedule :—Debts, £203,811 12s. 7d,; assets, £287,711 lis, 9d, j thus showing a surplus, on paper, of £88,88!) 19s. 2d, But will there be any real substantial surplus for Mr. Douglas when the trustee commences to realise and places the properties under the hard and unmerci ful hammer of the auctionoer? This overspeculation in brioks and mortar and " Estates " is to be regrottod just as much as overspeculation in mining. I know a ■man somewhere in Australia who is worth at least £500,000, and yet he has continually writs served on him for amounts sometimes under £100. Ho always manages to raise the money at the last moment, when the sheriff "is' about to " exeoute." But why should people who, if they stopped buying land and realised of their, own accord, would be wealthy, place them selves r in'such straights ?, The misfortune which has befallen Mr. Douglas should be a Warning to thoso | who are insatiable in their hunger, for land. Xi'ou vilonoss of tnato, spitofulnoas of inuondo, and 'utter doflnnoo of nil tho onnona of roputnblo journalism, tho roforanco in Saturday's Herald to tho disinterment of tho remains of tho Into Sir Peter Sorntohloy is quite n unique specimen of newspaper literature, I have soon tho sourrilous nttnoks on tho private ohnmotors of tho Eoynl Pamily in tho low prints of London, tho incendiary vnporings of tho Pen inn press, and tho bloodthirsty manifestoes of annrohioal journalists, but I do not think that any of those insphed me with suoh ■feelings of unqualified disgust as tho article referred jto. The wholo prooious story is based on a falsehood ;to bogln with, It was porfoctly understood at tho ;time that tho vault in tho St, Kilda comotory would only be a temporary rosting plaoo for the corpse of the ;High Commissioner of Now Guinea, and that it would be removed to England on the first oonveniont oppor tunity, That the removal of the coffin from the vault ■to tho vessel should bo conducted with secrecy will strike anyone—with tho exooption of the Herald con tributor—ns in strict aooordanco with the dictates of prudence and fine feeling j and there ia something ghastly and ghost-like in the desiro to give publicity to the matter at all, Lady Sorntohloy has gone home to her friends, and sho wished to bury her husband with his anoostoTS. That this should be made the occasion of a sensational " crosshead" in tho Herald displays alike the paucity of resource and obliqueness of moral vision possossed by its conductors. " Jacques," in the June number of the Speculum a journal of the Melbourne medical students, is very severe on ? the assistant-nurse from the Argus office, Ho writes :—" What good has this assistant nurse from the Argus office done ? What has she told the gentle public that the gentle public didn't know and wanted ■to know ? And is it possible that an assistant nurse who remained '18 hours within our walls has become •an authority on hospital management thereby? No :one denied that the Melbourne Hospital was imperfect jin various details; everybody concerned had agreed Ithat an entire reconstruction was necessary to perfec tion. Whence then the raisim Autre of the assistant nurse? The assistant nurse was very rude to our own medioal superintendent, and very nearly called him an Ananias. And why ? Because our own medical super intendent is not a perfect and unimpeachable house keeper 1 Poor man, wo pity him now with an intelli gent lay committee to worry him, a ladies' committee in prospect, and sixteen medical men to treat with... proper etiquette ; what must bur compassion be when we add such assistant nurses to the list?•" .. , Thiq " News and Notes " In tho Juno number of the Sjmmlnvi■ contains a variety of social Items of general interest, writ ton In the usual oplgrammutlo stylo of tlio Htudonts !—" Fred 111 I'd la now a Oh, M,—'Tup Hoott arrived with his team,—Oleo, Hoi'no married—ltioky dog I—Harry Salmon is looum at Sanclridgo,—George Howard on the wing insuranolng,—Alox,' Joako re oovorod from rhoumatlo fovor,—Jim, Pardy assistant to: Lauhooston Hospital,—lloSa ia In private at "VVarraok naboul, doing well,—Jim AtnosfJ haa gono into praotlool at Tuhgamah,—-Peter Lynoh'ia"'on tho aaono of formor; laiourti,—Souto Shields, who loft'in charge of the Olty of Agra, has arrivod.—News from Ja'olc Marrilloos, Ho axpoats to "do i,t',"in/:'Soptombor,~J. 0, Morton, ona of tho first'of our"xnodidal ' sbudonts, diod lately at Footseray.—-Jnok Sutherland, baolc with tho triple, was in charge of the Oldmborazo passongors at tho Quaran tine Station,—George Konb has arrived in London, Wo ' wonder will tho ydung ladles of'lflngland miss his fair moustache as much as do those of Victoria,—Joo Pardy is a happy pa, Wo understand ho has booomo' l quite mathomatioal, calculating the onorgy oxpondod by an iufant in its nooturnal soroams,—W. K. Hughes, who is now at St, Bartholomew's, was runner-up, out of over 100 oandldatos, for the prize for bost dissections dono at the summer sosslon oxams.—Joo Miller has passed bls bxam, for Houtonant} lio took a vory credit able plaoo, being first on his batoh 5 thoro sooms to bo n screw looao somowhoro that our model militia oorps la to.bo diabandod,—-Yot one moro exodus to roaord j Jim Showman and Oooloy havo gono to " fair Clale donla," ota,, wo slnoeroly hope that Oalodonla's pro fessors will bo loss " storn and wild " than thoso of tho Sunny South. Thoy left by tho Ligurla,—Jimmy Booth, Sam Greville, and I-Iolmos havo gone for tho triple by tho Ouzao. Poor Sam and Holmes I wo boliove that Jimmy has yot some othor euro for sea-sickness, and ho will probably persuado tho " othor two " to tx'y it, His last antidote, pot bromide, whs simply laughed at by tho briny old oconn, and as far as wo can judge, tho doses with whioh Jimmy had physicked himself had no sodntivo action on the sharks on tho coast of Queensland." ' I AM glad to soe that the Spvoitlvm Is now boing properly nursed, and I have groat hopes that the Ana, strong, and healthy baby, whioh it is^ at present, will grow to a vigorous manhood. The life of a journal is similar to1 that of a human being. Give it proper and regular food, keep it clean, and don't neglect it, and its growth will bo natural and healthy. Many fine child dies through the ignorance of tho mother, and many a paper dies through the incapacity of the editor; Sybney Sooiety is just now agitated over a broaah of promise ease, set clown; for hearing this month, in whloh the plaintiff,* a fair Hebrew maiden, asks £5,000 damages. The case it is expaatod will bo one of the most amusing overheard in Australia. I am afraid that the Sydney gossips will bo robbed of their pleasure by the case-being settled out of Oourt. Those ".very amusing cases V generally are kept out of oourt. ; A,petition signed by upwards of five hundred of the.inhabitants of Oxford, including many of thq most influential members of the University, has been pre sented to the bishop of the diocese. The petition prays that, in the interests of , the sanctity, of marriage, Church and State, will co-operate to expedite a system whereby women may be enabled to call in as medical attendants duly qualified female doctors. • While reading the other day that delightful book, " The Confessions of an English: Opium Eater," I came across a paragraph relating to inoculation, in which De Quincey mentions that a French surgeon had inocu lated himself with cancer, an English one with plague, and a third with hydrophobia, i The " Confessions" were written in 1821, and-it is interesting to know that Mons. Pasteur had,; in ,a sense, a predooossor in his special treatment of. that fearful malady, sixty-live years ag*o A Hiij'i'itiOHiiiN'.i'A'i'T vil mooting of artists was hold Inst woolc at tho Buxton Aft Gallery, Bwanston-stroot, to consider tho advisability of holding annually an Jflx hlbltlon of Paintings by Australian Artists, Tho fob lowing woro amongsC, tho artists roprosontod i—Mr. Addison, Mr, Gi 11. Aaliton, Mr,forolvnl Ball, Signer! Oatanl, Mr, «I, W, CJurtls, Mr. MoGubbnn, Mr, Glbba,' ■Slgnor Habros, Mr, Kahlor, fiUgnoi' Lorolro, Mr, Mather,1 Slgnor Norll,1 Mr, Pattorson, .Mr, llolands, Mr. T,; iBoborta and'Mr. Tumor,., At tho mooting tho Hollowing ' rosolutlons.woro unanimously oarrlod i—That an' oxhl-!' bltlon bo hold annually, in a aontral part of tho city, to bo oallod tho "Winter Exhibition of Australian Artists," That tho 28th day of August noxt bo. tho last day for rooolvlng exhibits for tho llfst qvoht, to bo hold In Soptombor next. That tho Hon, Soorotary bo Instruotod to invito tho oo-oporatlon of sovoral non professional gontloraonammod, to aot upon tho soloot lag oommlttoo, Tho various olausos in tho prospectus prosontod by Mr, Buxton woro tlion agrood to, Tho fooling of tho mooting was strongly oxprossod In favor of requiring a highor standard of work than Is usually tho ansa, to onsuro ndmlttanaa to this exhibition, Many matters of dotall for tho suoooss of tho oxhibl« tlon was dlsoussod and mutually agrood to boforo tho mooting adjourned, A yhiiy interesting story is boing tolcl amongst ship ping men in London just now. lb appears that a sail ing ship, tho Mormorus, started from Molbourno on November 80, last yoav. It had a very long voyago, in tho course of which it exohhngod signals with a forolgn vossel, Tho lattor appoars.to liavo miaundorstood tho signals of tho Mormorus, and to have misread ono of them as " Captain washed overboard," It procoodod on its way, and, on touohing.tho noarost port, informod Lloyd's agont of tho conversation it had had with tho Mormorus, Lloyd's agont telegraphed tho news to Lon don, and tho owners of .tho Mormorus woro at ono o communicated with. Thoy immediately informed tho , captain's wife of what thoy wore told had befallen hot* husband, and sho naturally : wont into mourning. Meantime the Mormorus was proaaoding steadily,: though slowly, on hor way, and in duo time sightod England. In passing'/Lizard Point the oaptain managed to signal his arrival and state that all-was right on board, This was immediately talographed to London, and tho owners at oneo informed tho captain's wife that her husband had nob boon drowned as was fearod. She barely had time to doff her widow's woods land remove all traces of mourning from the house when her husband wallcod in, having boon 112 days " out" on his voyage. . Tiib now word ugod to describe a vory fashionable man in Paris is, "II est trcis " douil," instoad of " II ost trus psohutt " or " tods " bdcarro, " tho allusion being to tho mourning worn for the Oomte do Ohnmbord by everybody—Jews, Turks, Bonapartists, and Americans —'for fear they should, bo considered as not belonging to tho upper oirolos. The recent' action of tho Prosidont's sister, in going to the theatre in Washington in "company with a lady friend, and without a male osoort, which shocked some of the prudes at tho Amerioan'capital, has led to several inquiries as to the custom in Philadelphia. It is said that there are few gentlemen-in Philadelphia who would not allow their wives* and daughters to attend theatres without an escort. Many ladies, in purchas ing tickets at the box office, ask for good scats, as they are coming alone. ■ A properly managed theatre is just as well managed as a church; Gentlemanly ushers'are .on hand to seat the ladies, and the guests aro sure of protection from the time of entering the building until the close of the performance. A lady is a lady whore ever she goes, and she is recognised as such by gentle men, so it does hot make any difference whethor she has an escort or not/ ; A Gt-HEAT writer has said that everything oomoth to him who waits, but it seems to me that a good many things come 'to people who do nothing particular to deserve them. There is our friend Mr, John Gardiner, for instance. I should like to know what he has.done to entitle him to be drawing iBGOO a year from tho Treasury—one half as member for Oarlton, and the other as tho Ijlborul Whip, Ills most pui'tlul fibl unit hardly will Mr, Clardltior oSthor able <>v ehj and hqw ho managed to Hoouro utid retain h|M J position with Its snug emoluments Ih oho of these 1 bloma which la noli lllcoly to bo solved upon tliisij oE the grave. Tins Hon. Mombor Cou Carlton Is sill young man, and l£ llio Uiuk that has hitherto nttem , him only holdH out ho may llvo to bo tlio I'romluv o| but.lhoro ls.Buoh ft tiling ns currying conjecture Eur, /Vvv.-v < * # .41 ;[v thoro is ono public man In Melbourne Hint | pi mora than nnothor lb Is IkoCoHSor hoarsen. Ait|lui as ft louder writer'tho hroEossor ravels in a wcaltll invootlvo only surpassed by liia into older, Mr, Wimlf as a prlvato Individual ho is tho most oomtoous q InoiEouslvo o£ men, At pvosont lio is placed !„: disagreeable position oi! a celebrated oharaulurl mythology, who was aallocl upon to choose botwl Pleasure and ' Duty. Smiling l'lonsum on thud hand, in tho duloot tonos oil tho lady-teachers si him to onjoy tho luxury ot being generous nt 1 publlo oxponso, whilo storn-Enood Duty on thu oil points with* rigid flngorto tho already far too lul expenditure oE tho iSduoatlon Department, in w! n betting man I think 1 would buck I'lensttre to \ in'the long run, Tho lady tonohors arc so Imprttun in urging what' thoy consider to bo their tld| claims,' that tho odcls arc in favor of the i'Jfa aoouar or inter following tho course of procedure1 down.by tho unjust jttdgo in tho scriptural nurmiiyj The hlatovy of tlio oolobrntod Wolfe-SehmJ which I disentomb from tho dry records of along Supreme Court judgment, dollvorcd hi the Wolfe v. Alsop, is vory iutorostlng, The pUdutilfJ •Burko Wolfe, is tlio son and tho successor, uiulu| father's will, in tho business of n manufacturer! importer of gin of Udolpho Wolfe, Tho defendi : David G eorge Evans Alaop, is tho resident and nmj jing partner of tho firm of llligh and llnrhottlej agents in Victoria and other Australian colonic! David Hutohlnson Burko, uncle of tlio [dalntiifj executor of Udolpho Wolfo, who, alleged in the J 1818, caused to bo manufactured for him, at Sehleg in Holland, a certain description of gin of a peel preparation and flavour, and not therefore nv.ml turcd } and that he thou and subsequently, tiiitll| date of his death, In Septombor, l.S(il), imported • gin to Now York, whoro ho resided, for sale at| I place and olsewhoro, and that ho then invented , applied to his gin tho distinctive name Wolfe's! matio Schiedam Schnapps, which name, atutalsd name schnapps had never, prior to Us use by Ida .Wolfo, boon applied to nny jjln or liquor or eordij Any description 5 and that Udolpho Wolfe tlie exclusive namo of " Wolfe's Aromatic .Sehii Schnapps " for upwards of 20 yours, until his After the death of Udolpho Wolfe, the business« first carried on by the plaintiff and David Ilutchii Burke, the exeoutor, and subsequently it was couth .down to the yoar 1877 by an incoipornted coin] .called " The Udolpho Company," which include plaintiff and Burke as members, On July I, U partnership was formed between the plaintiff Burko, This partnership lasted until July I, after whioh time the plaintiff has carried on thoj noss alona, The defendant having' continued sohnnpps under the original name, and in sj bottles, Mr, Joel Burko sought to restrain the defei from so doing, and was successful. ♦ * * a Tiib extrome parsimony—not to put too tine n| on it, as Snngsby would say—of the Duke of, burgh is nn over prosont thorn in the sides ofj . good people who uphold, through good and evil 1 the dignity of the English Orown and all its lings, , The latest story of the Prince's too imienj iof eoonomy is that ho has only heon preventet letting his London House by his Boyal Mother f intimating to him that suoh an uudigniiied »tej)| be followed by his losing that eligible residcnci gather. If the loaso of tlreso Boyal premises h«| been placed on tho market, what a chance thcrtj have been for Sir Samuel Wilson 01 Mi, T Heaton surrounding thomsolvos with a halo of ie| glory. i/uiv toV Wl"lt ot' lntol'of,Ll"K nfu ^.elding rumours "I,hat tho Jnoutnbontbf "'nri'itlii f;iyli)"»'lbio ollul'o!l> liavl,|K lila suspicions 'liT nflf'1 t0 t,h0 aan<jaUanH 'tnkc,} v'l}' ovovy "mil' ww«i Humo lttombors of his family to put two lS"(l'rfwiimrkoil half crowns into tlio oollootlng platos. Lire to rohito two- of tlio nl'oroaaicl coins woro said ^mIuIh# when tlio takings \vofo sorittltilaacl al'fcbi* iorflcC'" ^ o- p ♦ ; : Lookiso ftt tlio prosonb position of ,two of tho I'dncwof Hiilto/iborg, it is a curious otroumstanoo that, ilielr Mother's brother, Maiuiao Hauoko, avivs ono oi1 ti\o iiu'ctowto conspirators in Jihiropo, Ho was iiwim i« revolutionary olrolos as Bosak, and lie passed to whole II to In plotting against,tho Qovornmouts of liiwln, Austria, and 1'russia. Hauoko was killocl wliilo filling under Garibaldi in tlio Hranao-Gcrmuu War, )!«, (! hoiiok W, VANOMiuuir/i1, tho youngosb son of Ho Into William H. Vandorbllt, Is a thorough book mm. Ho dcrlvos his liking for lltoraburo from the /iffllly of lils mother, who was tho daugh tor of a olorgy jiiii In llrooklyn, It Is his ambition to havo tho jratot niul best prlvato library in Amorloa. Ho is' k; nil odds, tho richest young man iu Amorloa, His fortune amounts to 010,000,000 nil told, and la inoroas-; r by natural process at tlio rata of 01100,000 a yoar^ t'b regarded as very probable that ho will bo hoard „laj a°inagnzlno or nowspapor ownor, and possibly flitor, He will at nnyroto bo a writer for ono or both.; The tiling in which ho is most interested is tlio daily newspaper, It has a fasolnatlon for him. A few yoars wi he sought tlio pormisslon of his father to engage as a reporter on ono of tho Now York dailies, lb was not granted, Young Yandorbilt writes well. Ho is kiight witlml, and his bont for nowspapor work is more in ihe direction of editorial writing. Still ho proposed t> take up reporting, and serve his apprenticeship at Ike hard but Instructive part of journalism. But William It. Vnndorbllt did not allow, his son to ongago in newspaper work, Ho gratillod ovory wish of young Vanderbilt, who was almost invariably his aompanion to Europe, and a fnvourlto son, and tho boy was duti li! enough to obey his father and glvo up bis fondest ambition. William II. Yandorbilt was overwhelmed, with opportunities to buy newspapers to represent him Mil his interests. Ho declined thom all. Ho said that t; his ownership a paper would loao its potency. Its rapport oE his enterprises would do thorn moi'o harm lb their condemntion by indopondont papers. His i utterance expressed the reason why ho did not want | b son George to engage in journalism so long as ho i a ruling spirit in groat public corporations. Ho | bi no other objections, and now tho young man is : fee to engage in newspaper or magnr.ino writing, or btheconduct of cither. Tut; propriety and good taste of doing away with Akicviatwl mimes among worn on is fast growing into I iwut in America, and tlia good old fashion of giving j feisil name is regarded as tho correct and dignified | % Mullio and Mattlo and Tillia and Mnggio aro i 'pin Mary, Mnvtlia, Matilda, and Margaret—stately I"®*, nil of thorn, and full of significance,, whereas ^^diminutives avo silly and meaningless. * " . / -v Stsou HuituACJA, tlio now Spanish Minister, at I "wVinjion, was educated at the Jesuit Gollogo, in; IWtown, Ho was subsequently a secretary of l^uftom Spain, ns his father, it is said, was also; I Pearlier data. Sonor Murungn is fond of iA-tnorlcat 1 !ut'iiglad to return. Ho speaks English like a nativo States, ami also in addition to his lown, speaks oh, Italian, ilussiau, and German languages. Ho 11» wUWct. His wife, who died several years ago, I a 5 '>llaai!Uh and was a widow with two children I ^lt®wiicil Sonor Muruaga. - Her daughter, who 11," j'a,,ler when he ;was sont as minister'; married Scnor 3 turbo, one of the richest* |ll«nv;X'l:U' Ho is worth, it is said, tlirca millions. I», wife avu now living in great style in Paris, no went there ho took nineteen horses with;him s °wn country. . i Tina " Nolu-l.louk" man of the Nuw York 'JYlbunu gossips thus i •' Tho amount ol money spout In hotels Iti Now.York must; bo enormous, I was chatting with n woll-postod hotol wan lasb night, who was tolling wo about tho prlaos paid by soma ol! tlio guosts, < Tho Holl'man Houso,1 said ho, < lias a guest who pays ono liundrad and ilftaon dollars a woolt lor his rooms, or ovor slxtoon dollars , a day—Admiral Maxso, ol tlio Hngllsh navy, His sorvloo and mauls aro oxtra, and musb bring his bills woll up to two hundrod dollars a woolc lor lilmsoll nlona, John "VV, Maokay pays ono hundrod dollars a waok lor rooms at tho Hoffman. Whan Jamas MoHanry, tho London railroad man, was ovor lioro, on'Now York, Potmsylvanlan and Ohio busl noss, ho paid lllty dollars a day lor a sulto ol rooms with prlvato sorvloo and tablo at tho Victoria hotol, It was tho sama sulta ol rooms that President Olovoland oooupiod whon ho hold his famous 'Victoria Hotol oon foronoo, to gob aaqualntod with tho prominent Demo crats ol tho country, Tho bills ol Mr. W, M, Doan, at tho Filth Avontto Hotol, aro about eighty dollars por day. Ho is a Oalllornlan, and has a family, and sovoral sorvants, Ho has boon tharo all wlntor, Tha AVlndsor froquontly has guosts who roqulro sorvloos amounting to fifty or sixty dollars a day. Mmo. bar rios, tho widow ol tho Central Amorioan warrior, was one ol tho hoaviost- paylng guosts a Now York hotol has ovor known, Sho stopped at tho Lnngham, whoro hor numorous family and largo roblnuo of sorvants brought hor dally oxponsos up to at least two hundrod dollars.'" In a. poorly furnishod room of Djtroit, Mlahigan, in tho upper story of an olcl brick building, corner of Abbott and Sixth streets, lives an old man named Peter Kavanah, his wlfo and daughter—tho latter a orlpplo. They aro, or rather wore, vory poor, Kavanagh wont to America from Ireland in 1824, subsequently bringing ovor his family. Ho had a slstor whose beauty attracted tho attention of a wealthy lady, who engaged lior as a travelling oomxmnlon, and took hor on an oxtondod tour through the old countries. Tho brother never hoard from his sistor ngain till last month, when word was received that his sister had died in Sydney, How South Wales, and loft him solo hoir to an estate valued at ovor ;G250,000. Tho old man could hardly speak when ho reoolvod tho news, and says ho can only account for his sister's wealth on tho suppo sition that some rich man fell in love with hor, and married hor, loavlng her a rich widow. " God knows," said tho old man, " that it did not oomo to mo any too soon, as I am in pretty straitened circumstances. I am too old to reap much bonefit by it ; but those after mo, especially hor"—pointing to the crippled daughter— " can use it to good advantago." Though tho champion chiromancer of Paris died about a month since, it must not bo supposed that ohiromancy died with him, There havo boon many pairs of shouldors ready to rooeive his fallen mantlo, and the broadest of them, in a chiromantio senso, would seem to be those of a certain M. Evo do Bio, who, by way of a novelty, unites tho profession of an astrologer ! with that of a chiromancer, and runs the two profes sions, with great profit to himself, at No. 70, Kuo des Martyrs, M. Eve do Bio is the fashion in Paris just now, and, as a oonsequonce, ho is doing a roaring busi ness, Not only is he consulted by fair clients of all kinds, but it sooms that his customers includo 'many woll-known financiers, politicians, and men about town. Thoro are some boursiers, it is said, who never think of going in for any big oonp without first submitting their plans to M. do Bio. Politicians consult him, too, as to ,tho best and luckiest days for making speeches at the Corps Xiogislatif, and the answers ho gives ai'e pro fessedly founded on the details of the cpierists1 horos copes, tempered by theprosont chiromantio significance of their palms. ♦ * * Common as duels are in Prance, they add little, as every one knows, to the mortality of tho country, Prom statistics just published it appears that S'17 duols have boon fought sinco 1870, and that only in one out, of every eighty sevon of those encounters was there n tragic result to register. The chances of a combatant ; getting off with his life in an ordinary French duel are ; therefore as 86 to 1—a fact which goes a long way to explain the readiness with which challenges are given mid tnkon up, Tho comparative Inuoouousnoss of tlioso combats Is largely duo to tho prompt Intervention of tlio modloal moil on tho Hold us;noon as ono oil tho parties 1ms boon touched, M, Aurollon Soholl doyotos an amusing ohnmlrjno to tho lato Dr, Thovonot, whoso notorious roudluoss to magnify tho morost sword-prtok Into a dungavous wouncl brought his sorvloos Into groat raquosb on suoli oooaslons,^'^iof pxoollont surgoon adopted tho precaution 'of ^bringing a "phial of blood with him whan ho wasv'askod to nttond a oombataut Into tho Hold | and ha aoutrlvedt' by a doxtorous uso of Its contents, to give suolra ghastly appoaranoo to tlio slightestsoratoh that sppie appardtj.bl^sahgulnnry duels at wliloh ho assisted did nob^eosta solitary drop of blood to otthor of tho partlos, A u'Htntma to tho fair sox , which ought to ,bo moro gonorally acknowledged was tho statomont of ono of tho " Oregon's " orow at tho rooont Inquiry that when mon wore hurrying to got Into tho boats, on tlio oatl of " Women first," ono woman stoppod forth from tho orowd and said sho was In no hurry. Hor oonduob mado tho stornor sox ashamed of thomsolvos and pro bably avortod a panio, As a rule, those aro tho klud of notions which aro sorvod up to us In a nautical drama, and oynlos aro apt to snoor at thorn i but haro was a oaso which actually took plaoo on a sinking ship which Is sworn to iu a British court by a seaman who approclatodtho good effoat of lb at tho tlmo, All honor to this lady whoever she bo. Not one of tho fair sex was saved from tho wreck of tho " Ly-ao-moon 1" This Heroism of Love has boon manlfostod In nil sorts of ways since Loandor took his nightly plunge in tho 1-Iollospont In order to pay his devotions to Hero, and thoro are doubtless plonty of instanoos In tho world's history on a par with tho oxplolts of that mis guided youth who furnished food for fish at last. The heroism to which I wish to allude Is of a different kind, though In its way it Involves a wonderful amount of endurance and devotion to tho lovod object of one's affoations, As ho travols through tho Public Gardens, well wrapped up from'the frosty and foggy nir, gotting along at tho rate of about flvo miles an hour in order to koop his blood in circulation, tho wayfarer must observe with amazement that many of tho sonts are occupied by couples, who brave tho cold damp atmos phoro in order to onjoy an hour or two of each others oompany undisturbed by anything save the occasional steady footfall of tho policeman on his beat. * * # I have roaolvod the following lettor from a well known journalist aiient Mr. George Darroll's announce ment in a Tasmaninn paper that he was about to pro duce, in that island, his adaptation of "His Natural Life," the sole right to which, ho alleges, ho purchased from tho late Marcus Olarko " ton years ago " :—" Dear Boswell,—No one who has had tho pleasure or honor of knowing Mr. George Darrcli from the clays he began his career as a shop boy in New Zealand to the time ho took the Australian world by " storm" with his ex cruciating dramas of sound and fury signifying nothing, or even sinco then, could accuse him of hiding his light, or what goes for thai;, under a bushel, and the last feat of his in the matter of cool assurance is the statement made that ho purohasecl from tho late Marcus Olarko the sole right to dramatise 11 His Natural Life." If tho ghost of poor Marcus could visit tho scene it would verily bo rooted to the spot in sheer astonishment at this latest development of Darrollian assurance. It is needless to refer to the noble nature which prompts a man, especially one calling himself the late author's friend, to take the broad out of the mouth of that author's family, seeing that his repre sentative on this earth has sold her—beoauso his—right to Mr. George Loitoli, who was not only the first to produce tho play, but tho only one of those (viz., Dumpier and Darroli) who have hitherto imitated him, now that he has sucooeded in dramatising the work, that has honorably entered into fair terms of remunera tion with the widow of the writer, whoso brains are being used by selfish individuals for their own enrich ment at the sacrifice of Mrs, Olarko and her helpless family. It is to be hoped that the theatre-going public will remember the fact that Mr. Loitch's adaptation is the only one in : Svhioh this lady and-her children are personally interested," Boswuiiii. 