TIIUE AND OF FATE, BY AMER V. YARNELL. Intolerant scepticism and intolerant belief are two extremes of the same thing. There is a fanaticism in unbelief not less absolute than the fanaticism which established the Inquisition or lighted the fires of Smithfield. La Harpe, the celebrated materialist, is said to have fought a duel with a friend who had asserted the existence of his own conscience. Such a sceptical fanatic was I at the date of the events I am about to relate. I was pres ident of a society for the prevention of super- stition. I verily believed in nothing beyond the ken of my five senses. I was a furious enemy of dreams, omens, presentiments, ghosts, and spirits. It was not likely, there fore, to have been misled by superstitious credulity or perverse imagination in regard to the circumstances. I was living in bachelor lodgings in a quiet street in the upper part of the city. I went little into society and had few friends. I spent most of my evenings, consequently, in the seclusion of my room, with no com pany but my books. One autumn evening I reached home at a late hour, but feeling no desire to sleep, I lighted my lamp and sat down by the table for the purpose of finishing a volume which I had been reading. It was a dissertation on a favourite subject of mine, namely, the physical cause of dreams and apparitions, the author tracing all spectral appearance to illusions brought about by disordered nervous functions. I was deeply interested, and read on steadily until after midnight. Suddenly and without warning my light flickered and went out, For a moment the room was in intense darkness. I had drawn thq curtains before the windows, and the fi6r in the grate had died down long before. Just as I was on the point of impatiently rising to re-light my lamp, I was nailed to my chair by a strange phenomenon. Against the opposite wall of my room a faintglow of light began to appear. In shape it was like the circular patch which is thrown by a camera upon a screen. ft continued to in crease in brilliancy until the whole room was in a glare of lighft equal to noonday. It e.as as if a circular window had bee:i cut in the wall .L::;~.img t uii power of the sun. For an instant surprise held me dumb and motionless ; then I arose, and going to the wall placed my hand upon the patch of light. I observed that my hand east no shadow, and that, thlerefore, the light could not come from behind me. Puzzled, but by no means alarmed, I went back to its conclusion. For a moment the light remained clear and steady; then a slight mist seemed to overspread it. Out of this mist, by slow degrees, a picture was involved. There wns a wide, deep river, crossed by a railroad bridge, in the foreground. I could see here and there a vessel drifting idly with the tide, for it appeared to be a still, day. In the dis tance the hills looked blue and hazy. There were white clouds in the sky, and at a dis tance the smoke from the town on the river bank rose lazily into the air. I could note and memorise every detail the colour of the wooden trestle of the rail road bridge; the shaIa and numlber of the signal boards; the peculiar arrangement of the telegraph wires-in fact, I could have sworn that I sat before the open window looking upon material landscape of real sky, earth and water. I noted too, particularly, a weak spot near the centre of the bridge. The bed of the road seemed to have warped, and several sleepers were decayed and loosened. I even said, unconsciously : "There will be a terrible accident at that point some day.' While I was gazing at the apparition with sensations impossible to describe, I observed the smoke of an approaching train. It rushed quickly around a curve and upon the bridge with unabated speed. I was conscious of a feeling of intense interest in it. I felt very much like a person witnessing a drama with high wrought emotions, breath lessly watching the action which is drawing towards- the tragic dinouemnent. On came the train, I counted the cars; there were sixteen-four of a yellowish color and the remainder of a deep red, I saw upon their sides the words, ' Northern New York S& Canada R.R.' I saw that the engine's number was twelve, and that the engineer, leaning out of the window towards me, had a large red face and heavy black beard. As the train came upon the bridge there seemed to be a sfdden jar and stoppage. The engine, leaped into the air like a frightened horse and rolled off the bridge, followed by six of the cars. There was an intense move ment of alarm and horror, a shower of fire and cloud of steam which, for a moment, hid everything from sight. A mcmeint afterwards my attention was irresistibly drawn to two figures struggling in the water. One was a girl, very young and beautiful, attired in a grey travelling suit. She had lost her bonnet, and her long, fair hair was floating upon the water. The other appearance was that of a man, whose appearance gave me a shock of strange surprise. I seemed to recognise him, though his face was turned away. At first he seemed to be making preparations to strike out vigorously towards the shore. Then he seemed to catch sight of the young struggling girl, for he turned, and swimming toward bar, supported her on one arm, while with the other he kept both of them afloat. . At this moment I caught sight of his face. I started up and uttered a shout of absolute terror. It was my own face white and stern with excitement and resolution, that I saw before me. As if my voice had broken the spell, the light, landscape, wrecked train, and strug ling.swimmers disappeared like a flash of lightning. I rubbed my eyes and looked{ around. The light was burning as brightly as before. The book I had been reading had slipped from my hand to the floor. I per ceived then that I had been merely dream i~ig a vivid dream. To say that I was not startled would be untrue. 1 was very much moved, but it was neither superstitious fear nor slightest faith. Here, I thought, was a grand opportunity to puit my favorite theory into practice. I had dreamed a dream of such distinctnessand de tail that it might readily be supposed to be nothing of the sort, I was perfectly con vinced. I would write down circamstances, and when the event had proved them wholly false, use the whole as a knock-down argu ment against all faith in any frerarning whatsoever. On further investigation I confess that I was somewhat perplexed I found that there was such a railroad as the Northern New York and Canada; that the cars were of the color seen in my dream.- I found further more, on caonersing with a person who had travelled over t1he very identical route, that the read crossed the Black River on a tres tle bridge, and that, viewed up the river, the landscape would appear about as I had seen it. I was by no means convinced, hobawever. I might have heard of the railroad in ques tion and forgotten the fact. The colour of the cars was such as is common to railroads. The Ilndscape may have borne a general re semblance to the Black River ; moreover, my description of the one seen in my dream could at most have given a few salient points such as hills, water, a distant town, and a bridge, common to a hundred dittfferent regions in the country. Moreover, I could imagine no reason why I should travel over the route. My parents live in northern New. York, but in, visiting them my course world be at least one hun dred miles east of the Black River. The winter passed by with no renewal of my strange dream, and the occurrence of no circumstance bearing upon it, and the whole matter had passed out of my memory. One morning 1 had received a telegram from home to the effect that my father had been taken dangerously ill, and that his physcian despared of his life. Sceptic as I was, I was no infidel in the matter of my family affection. I made my preparationis in haste, and took the night train for my father's house. On arriving at Utica, I learned that a freshet had washed out the track of the regular line, and tht I should be compelled to take a branch road a score of miles farther west. My dream now occurred to me, .I was travelling near the region that I dreamed of. One accident had forced me nearer to itthan I had reason to anticipate; but I wras not foolish enough to suppose that any set of cir cumstances would bring about the fulfilment of my vision. During the night the train halted at a large town on the line, anu the p:ssen?ers were informed that another transfer wotld be necessary. The rains which had destroyed the track of the regular line, had also thrown down a bridge on the branch. As I alighted in the dark and made my way to the train in waiting, I admit I was startled to read upon the cars the words I had seen in my dream, " Northern New York & Canada R!. R" I counted the cars they were sixteen in number-four yellow and twelve red, My philosophy was shaken. It seemed as if an irresistible hand were forcing me to the fulfilment of my dream. But I was still stubborn in my unbelief, I resolved to investigate the matter still further. and satisfy myself that I had simply met with a series of coincidences. Freshets might occur on railroads without the special intervention of destiny. Cars might be of a certain colour and number without proving dreams to be true. At the earliest peep of morn I went through every car on the train, earnestly scanning the passengers.faces. I was. looking for the young lady in the grey travelling suit. I was highly elated to discover that no such person was on board. Here was one point in my favor. But very shortly this point was opposed by two others of a startling kind. During a halt in the forenoon I alighted and went forward to the engine. There, on the brass plate on its side, was the number twelve ; and, as the engineer leaned from the window, I was stunned to recognise the man in the drean--the red face and the black beard. I went back to my seat in a maze of won derment and dread. My incredulity was oozing out at my fingers' ends. Just as the train was about to start a carriage drove furiously up to the station, and a late passenger was assisted aboard one of the front cars as the wheels began to move. It was a woman, whose face I could not see, for she wore a veil, but her dress was of dark grey colour, and her figure that of a young girl. By this time I was thoroughly unnerved. I dared not go forward and catch a glimpse of the girl's face. I feared to see the face of my dream. I threw myself into the corner of my seat, and fell into a moody reverie. But, meanwhile, I gathered from the conver sation of two passengers in the seat before me that we were to cross the Black River soon on a trestle bridge. Presently the landscape on either side began to look strangely familiar. I caught glimpses of hills in the distance that seemed not new to me. A moment later as the train passed through a cutting and came in sight of the river I started up in terror. I beheld the landscape of my dream. The wide, deep current, the hazy hills, the trestle bridge, the pale blue sky with its motionless clouds, the drooping sails of the vessels, and the cdis tant town with its dun vapour'-rising into the air-I had seen them all before. I was prepared for the full reali-ation of my dream. The last thread of 'my unbelief was broken. I sprang out upon the plat form as the train ran upon the trestle, and waited breathlessly for the crash that I knew was coming,. In an instant I remembered the conclusion of my dream. The train ran on smoothly until it reached the centre of the bridge; then there was a hideous jar-an explosion-a chaos of shouts, shrieks, and crashes, and I found myself in the water swimming for life. I turned about, and there, within a dozen feet of me, floated the figure in grey, with her long hair spread out upon the water, and her beautiful eyes turned towards me in ter rifed appeal. My dream had not told me whether I was to escape or die in the at tempt to rescue the girl But I never thought of that. I swam towards her, and, passing my arm about her, struck out toward Sthe shore. It was a long and desperate struggle. The river was wide, and the current swift. I could make but little progress with my inert burden. I struggledon, growing weaker and weaker with every stroke. Presently I saw a boat pulling toward us. I uttered a shout, and was answered, In another moment my companion was drawn into the vessel, and, utterly overcome by my terrible effo.rts, I sank back into the water insensible. When I awoke to consciousness I was lying in bed, and someone was bending over me. It was a woman, and she was weeping; I could feel her tears falling upon my forehead as she brushed back my damp hair. Presently the mist cleared away from my sight, and I recognised the young girl whom I had seen in my dream. She uttered a cry of joy when she saw that my eyes were open. She seized my hand, and pressed it convulsively. 'Thank heaven !' she said, 'you will live.' ' Yes,' said I, with a feeble smile; 'since it is of importance to you.' 'I should never be happy again,' she sobbed, •if you were to die after what you have. done for me.' But still very ill, yet anxious to. reach my father, I resolved to get on at once. Finding me determined to proceed, my young friend insisted upon accompanying rie the short dis tance I had to go. It is needless to relate the details of the remainder of my journey; how, when I arrived, I found my father in a fair way to recovery, or how, in the natural course of events, I fell in love with my beau tiful nurse. WVhen I returned to the city with my young wife, my friends discovered that I had left my old scepticism in the depths of thle Black River. I dissolved my colmec t;ion with the ' Anti- Superstition Society,' Irot without considerable jeering, which I could afford to take. I am now convinced that there are things in this world that oar raw logic will not account for. My clearest proof is the dear wife whose life I was led to save for myself by the irresistible hand of fate. Tie past session of the German Landtag is a memorable one. It has seen the adop tion of important measures for protecting the German population in provinces having a strong Polish element. The ecclesiastical legislation of the session promises to bring to a close the protracted struggle between Church and the State Various measures have also been passed which also will tend to the economical development of Prussia, such as the two canal bills. What is more pathetic than to see the simple faith with which a bald-headed man will buy an infallible hair restorative from a bald-headed barber. 