Flotsam and Jetsam . Remarkable Visitants. THE writer was sitting a few weeks ago in the office of the Hotel Martin, Lancaster, Ohio, conversing with an old resident of that city on various topics relating to the past history of tne place, when be inquired : "D>d >ou ever hear the story of Jacob Huiututr^er, the I aunted coffin maker?" "N-v« r. I:* it out of the ordinaly ?" "V « It i- tt cunoui B'ory, and I hesitate about :ei>)iiK it fur fear people will think I am trying ■«• hu-'ibug th.vi with a ghi;at story." "' I'l' a e ( >t .1 an Hie gospeL" •• \n I \\*\t ituva.iy remarked, it is a strange sWy, 'irci Lad me . tfcct of making me believe in «up»ri<»tu>-*l in^mfestatious —you will, no doubt, call it sup roiuon. I was a well grown **>> whe.u th«- things occurred which I am übi.U' to relate, and they made such a vivid impr<Msioit on my mind that, they are as frewh m my recollection a» they were over a half centur\ t»!O. "Jacob HuiuljArn.r was of Ponnsylvama Dutch stock ami cume here from Lancaster, P^nnHyivania, thn v quarters of a century ago. When I first knew him ihiti city was a village with less than a ih< u-and population. He was a cabinet -mak r, aud niaUt- the rough and substantial turniture in vngUA among tbe pioneer* whose «on* have since been congress* men, ,{overnorM, senators, cabinet ministers, ani ireuerals. . "H w<ti frugal and industrious, and left some property behind him. In addition to making furniture h< made, when occasion demanded it, coffin* for the people of all this region. There were no hearsis and splendid undertaking esTablifhm' nts in those days. The. dead wt re placed iv plain home-made coffias and carried to the little graveyards in farm waggons, or by haud when the distance was not too Ki^at, except in rare instances, when there wai a little more bbow aud ostentation, and an old fashioned carriage was used in place of ' he modern hearse. " People would come from a distance to Hurabarger'a shop witb the dimensions of a coffiu, and wait until it was finished, and then take it home in a waggon or on horseback, as the cane might be. 41 One night, or rather one morning, an hour or two before daylight, Humbarger arose, and leaving his wife in bed proceeded to his shop, and, lighting a tallow candle, set to work. When Mrs Humbarger awoke at the usual hour she was t>urprined to hear Jacob hammer ing away in his shop, «nd, supposing that he had some job that must be finished early in the day, set about preparing breakfast, and when the meal was ready »he called her husband. 44* Vail, Chacob, vy for you go to york so gwick tbe day ?' inquired Frau Humbarger. "' Vy, Ka'herine, did you not hear dot man who comes of der coffiu by 3 o'clock V "' Nein, nein, Chacob, you make foolish of me.' '"I not make foolish, Katherine; dot man come of 3 o'clock on der door an' say I must has dot coffin of 10 o'clock, and he gif me the measure on dot york bench, und I go of york und haf him now half m»te.' "Katberine was incredulous and Jacob was firm iv bis asseverations. Certain it was that he had the coffin well underway, and by 10 o'clock it was flushed, and Jacob was waiting for his customer while he smoked a pipe. " Between 10 and 11 o'clock a gentleman appeared at the shop door, and Humbarger greeted him with: " 'You vas a leetle lade, my frent. "•Not very late, considering ibV. I have ridden from near Somerset since half-past 7.' 41' Vy for did you go back home after yon vake me up ?' 4141 didn't. I have just got to town.' " * But you come of mine door last nide und called me oud of mine bed to make dis coffin.' 444 Ob, no, my friend, but it looks as though it would suit my purpose. Let me measure it. " The stranger measured it, and it was just the size of a coffin he bad been sent to procure, and he asked Humbarger if he could have it to take back immediately. •• • Dot was your coffin, anyway, since you order him uod leaf der measure,' promptly re sponded Mr. Humbarger " The price of the coffin was agreed upon, it was paid for, and the farmer took it away in fjis waggon. Jacob related the circumstance to his wife, who said mischievously : 41 * I told you. Chacob, dot no one yoke you tip of der nide. You have been haunted.' 41 Humbarger, however, insisted that he had been called out of his bouse during the night, »nd that he had readily recognised the man who subsequently got the coffin and pretended that he had not ordered it .... "Of course the story soon circulated through out the village, and the gossips added to it. A month later Humbarner had another nocturnal vnsit, and a child's coffin was ordered, to be tl.tinhed in the afternoon. Ltter in the day a fairer living a few miles west of the town, called on H<».ub.*rg.!r to secure his services, one <rf his children having died. "'Oh jes; I know dot. You come of der aide uod told me, and mark de siie on dis york "The farmer protested otherwise, but, as Che coffin was of the exact measurement desired, he took it home. Then Mr. Hum barger began to have an indefinable fear that he was haunted. 44 Th« thing was of regular recurrence, and almost every one who came to Humbarger for a eortiii found it all re*dy made to order. The villa^s be K au to fear the comn maker, and «» c coffin-maker avoided the villager* as much « bXile The »°™«" »nd chllllr«°. and not wf'h?Satan, and i,* .u4W a great deal in his of his i-eiK^V^n 1"^ m convtwd on Mm snbj.et-^ «JJ«K *e«J wusmv father he said that the 1 »rde™ *"f delivered in «h<\- nijjht. by persons «™om a* immediately r. c gn.«td when tb»y can..,** ™r coffins, and ■hi n wh.re t »•« y *ere ordered ."»» found the exact duiirnsiotiH in chalk marks on his work bench the n* xt mnrt.inff Hi* wife nttlo-«tr ciiufft-d him on the subject of his ghost I, order". "One morning he said to his wife that a coffin hud be< n «>rd< red during the night, but tha' the man had concealed his face, Bnd he feared thai h wntld uot recognise him. He iproc< fried, ho*ev« r, to aii.ke the coffin iv ac .coro"unc« wuh the meaMiruiieut on his work beuch aud at last finished it to his satisfac •• I was on pleasant terms with Uncle Jake, «s we called him, and happened to be in the •bop just *» he was finishing it. 11 • Dot man vas somepody who will be buried mit dis coffin,' he remarked. ' I not see who he vas dat order him, but 1 know it vas for some big man or somepody, so I make him of der finest wild cherry aud line him of silk und «aciu. Vy, my poy, I would not be ashamed to be buned of that coffiu mineself ' " A sudlen pallor overspread Humbargers face, he stretched out his bands, and fell dead across the coffin he had just finished. " He was buried in it, and tbe story of Jacob Humbarger wan more than a nine-days' wonder here in Lancaster fifty-four years ago." Tne writer was fain to acknowledge that the story of Jacob Humbarger largely dis counted the general run of ghost stones. — PhilacUlphia Nttos. 