Before the Curtain To-Nichta1 Is tho last oL' tlio Groat Pink Pearl at tho Bijou, Tho muungoraonb liuvo wisely rofielvad nob to vrun it till ovory one h(is learned tho jokas oil! by heart, and so make its revival (lab and unprofitable,'; To-morrow ovouing, tho ootnody drama, Tim tha Irishman, will bo produced, Phil Day plays tho humourous Hibernian, and Mr, Alloyno, Miss Wado, Mr, N. Douglas, and tho rest of blio prosonb company mako up tho oast, Tho play is said to bo a very good one, ' To spring from tha intorlor of a caunon through tho air, a ,distance of . sotno f>0 foot, and grasp the hands of a man swing ing by his foot from .a trnpce.o, is indeed an astonishing feat, When tho original 53n'/,ol started this novolty in London somo yoars ago, ho was oontonb to just turn a somersault and fall into a not, Still lids was considered so daring a feat, that arowds wont to soo it, and tho illus trated papers, gavo drawings of thosoono, Bearing this in memory, tiiero is little doubt that neither tho Japanoso Exhibi tion or tho Victoria llall will bo largo onough on Saturday to accommodate the arowds that will (look to soo tho astonish ing font of a Za'/el or Aoola hurlod from a aaunou into tho hands of an abhloto hang ing in mid air, On Saturday availing, Maritana will bo revived with Miss Oolbourno Babor, Armos Boaumout, Hard, and Miss Panny Liddiard as Lasarlllo. Next week, Madame Angot will bo placed on tho boards with tho charming and popular Miss Ivanova as Olairobto. Mil. Ti'JMiiaiiAMts's Hatnlot has boon the theatrical event of the week, and indeed it was a vory acceptable interlude in the very long course of sensational drama that has boon provided to suit tho supposed taste of tho public. There is tho usual divergence of opinion as to whether* Mr. Titlicradgo's conception of the Danish Prince is a good one, but all are agreed that in tho acting of it ho practises faithfully those admirable pre cepts which Shakespeare hn#embodied in Hamlet's address to tho players. What appears to bo tho main objection to Mr. Tltheradgo's creation—his render ing of .the ohnrnctor is sufficiently ori ginal to rank as a creation—Is that it is too modernised. Hamlet is Tithoradge not Titberadge Ilamlet. No ono can seriously disputo that Shakespearo, when waiting his play on the old tragedy by' the Nuremberg shoemakor, intendocl to give " local coloring " or express senti ments other than those of his own country and time. But to avguo from this that the chief actors in tho play are simply types of cortaln characters, and may therefore bo modernised at pleasure; so long as tho local coloring of costume and phraseology is maintained, is applying too literally the line, " Wrote not for an . ago, but for all time." , .. . A NOBtEMAM, and much more so a prince of tho -Kith century, oven though he had been a student at Wittenberg, would never behave with the easy fami liarity of royal personages who go to college and enter the army or navy ,in this democratic age. Yet Mr. Tither adge's Hamlet waiks about and shakos hands warmly with all sorts and condi tions oE men with that absencc.of dignity or discrimination whichis customary with the average English gentleman who, for the uonco, calls himself a liberal. Again, not even the; most advanced scientists of Shakespeare's day doubted the personality of the powers oE good and evil, and the possibility of apparitions. Yet Mr. Titber adge - iuipersonatos a man, doubting whether ho has seen a 'ghost,.or "bit of undigested potato," as Scrooge said of old M'orloy. Shakespeare's Ham let believed he "saw a' spirit, but was uncertain whether it was a snare oE the evil one or an in strument of ..■■divine justice. ; 'This desire for vengeance, but uncertainty as to Iris uncle's guilt, is. the keynote to Hatn ' let's character, until the revelation of tho play.scene makes his vengeance justice. The filial devotion for his mother makes him hesitate to openly denounce the 'murderer of liis father. This subsequent motive principle was well expressed by .. Ifo iiIho uppcifU'fl bo (uko J' rmlilloiml o.\'|ilfWiii(lon oil Hand (it's Jiicm to Opliolla ruimolv, that ho ,ei(a!to lout lioiwll! to fclio Inbrlguos ' «tidier, and wiih hoi tig tiaod ns n ,lvl,vl.lHiinolo to hire him from pur 1« hi* mi('inni)0' This oorbulnly up. ' t |,o ilio simplest find liosb oxplntin lio'nol lilf fioiitltifh ^ . j|i« Maocum Kntciiit nolod vory tlwtelVi hut liof Ophol In go oh no fu rbhor III,m llio'lottor of tho pnrb, jln, S'rriiMNd Wm'Tii gave a bailor rtpmciilatlon of I'olonlus tliim is usual jnmiiflt nntoi's of tills really iinpoiinnt, rtometor. Mr, J. II. Trclnnc'l also was art I rniMMliyK«od Khiff Oliuidlus, rind Men. teetado/i, ns Qnoon Clarbruda, plnvad fcr jiirt of ronbbor well, hub laakad rt lillliof rwgnl dignity, It'lTii two such ncitors ns Mossrs, \V, (Imii siiil ffiii'iy Taylor for tho grnvo jifldfH, ovory ono ox poo tod n par- 1 fel fopresontiitlnu of Sluikospovlnn low I(iimeily,mul tlioy woro not disappointed Jlolhliiucmild linvo bean bettor. Mr. W7 III, toko, «s tho ghost, spoke his'lines «li. 'flic other ports In tiro piny woro iHinsfly sustained, but wnnb of spnoo jKcliidos miy speolul to a,nouns or 0011x13 smiymo was mimlkit Sutunhynt tho Opora Houso, Is Ivmeile Melvlllo, who appaarod for lit lint time ns flnrmnlno, found groat Im with tho nudlonco. and certainly ' toed the honvty nppl,ui*c hha received, I Km Fanny Llddlard uuidu a capital ,h, Wlottc.aoting with exhilarating .yiva sty and singing with finished graoo. list Kthcl Havcourt also made a moat optlvftting Chrlstopho. Mr. Kolly wna alWheforo the curtain for hla powerful tijnj of the part of tho mlaor, amply wnpensatltu; for any Uttlo vocal clo jiiencv, Mr. Armos Beaumont was in re! voice, and was well appreciated, ten. Fordo and Dean created plenty it laughter by tholr amusing buaineaa j clthe orchestra) under Mr. "VV, H, Har as, proved efficient under trying oir mlances, for on Saturday, owing to tho uVtlity of Signor Verdi to play the part il the Marquis Oornoville, M. Loredan cfatook It. Ho did wonders on so: iut a notice, but much of his part had ate omitted, yot the oroheatra -made iae omissions smoothly. lis Victoria Hall has been packed all iMyh the week. The first part of tho tatainmont, with its picturesque nnu al details, has lost none of its novelty, teeral fresh songs have been intr'o Mr, Edwin Rogers, the new unctervocalist axicl dancer, is a deolded and the Woodward 'Brothers' ac hats are always interesting to ■ ■ Frank Clnrk by himself 'is a RiW entertainment, and in the new fwhe is preeminently funny, as anv - f-wo has seen him in Navvies on tie I3® I,me would expect, Emarvellous aerial flight performed »a, "the human rocket," is an ad rOUttmotlou at tho Japnneso Vil ■■ ice feat is really marvellous. 