THE Detective's Dream — « By Waif Wondar. (W. W.) , It is years since I dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas comes and goes that I do not many times recall it. Perhaps it and the events which followed made a deeper im- pression on my memory because I was at the time barely recovering from the most serious illness I ever had in my life, and was un- hinged both in body and mind. The doctors had insisted on change of air and scene, and I had got leave from my superiors but where was I to go? The bustle and noise of a summer seaside would have driven me wild and I had not a single friend in the country that I could take the liberty of offering a visit to. Ona of ths unexpected coineidencea wa sr often moot within life# and. whioh- good folk uwfond of calling providential, solved- the difficulty for me. I met in the street. Albert Pombsrton, n young University student I bad. accidentally been ahls to hap ton not.ovorre- speotablo most bo had got into in ono of : our Tosa Blame, and bis good-looking fare beamed with ploaeare as be recognlsed.mc. ... " Good' heavens, bow bod y on look, Sin clair," ho cried, " I only heard by 'tbo merest 'aooident tbo other day -that, yon had beon seriously ill. : ! Was jaot gotcg to hnnt yon op— upon honor I was, to ask . yon to accom pany ma homo for tbo holidays." ' ... . y . " Homo with yon 1" lucid "vrhy. I un a Scrfeot stranger to yonrpeoplo. I eonld'at avo the oheekto quarter myself on.them on- invited, and what a obanes there is of them Inviting a detective to Wcrriracnal" " How prondyoa ere pbnt'yon're wrong, for I have an invitation tor yon In my pocket. I wrote acktagfravo to ,tako yon op with .me, telling them, yon may bo snre, that Iwas greatly-indebted to. yon, Sfaolafr, though I daren't enter into particnlars, and there— yon can read the paragraph if yon. like." . "lira Pemberton Is very kind, and I am very grateful," I eald as I returned the letter " bnt yon are going to havo a wedding in the family, and I am suits unlit for any fasti- ties." " Ton need not oven share them onless yon . wish, Evelyn's wedding is to bo tbo qnietset yon can imagine, bnt yon need not oven sea lbs ceremony nnless yon cbooeo, I - havo nettled it all m my own mind, old fellow, yon shall havo my room; it is a regular bachelor's den with an entrance of Ita own — yon can ecmo and go without a soul being tha wiser. How yon won't say no?". I didn't say no, I went with my yonng friend to bis ' home- at . Werrimona, and than I dreamed my dream. . Werriqaona woe and is ono of the loveliest pots the ana of Victoria ahinos , on.. It is a nost of verdnro among tha bills that slops in aroaadit leaving broad openfagahcre and there that tho eye niay wander to tha bine moun- tain paaks in tho fat diasanco, or rest on tho shimmering windings of Werrimona Crack. If tbo whole country had been eearohed for a peaceful snot in which ono might rest and en joy, witb|d thankfolSreart the beauties of God's given earth, nono fiurer could bo found than fair Werrimona. Mrs Pcmberton had been long a widow, and ' was a swcct-faocd, motherly woman, who set' mostmy.eare in a. fow friendly .words; to Evolyn Pcmberton, her only daughter and the eood-to-bo bride,- 1 must devote a fow mors words. . . - - I never nnderstaod tho girl - fcqra the- first, though sad after events taught me an explana tion of mush that fca&puzzled; me. - She was : very bcauUfol, no ono could look in. her laoo and not acknowledge that, aha was twenty one, tall, and slenderly .built, bnt of radmlrablo womanly proportlouBiand ahahadtho morti perfect, though slightly peculiar, tasto in dress; HoYhaix and oyes seemed of almost the same hues— brown with gleams of goldin them: The former was abundant, soft and wavy; tho latter large, v hoavyMlddod,-; and ' fringed 'With, deep lasncs thatmadoa noticeable featnra in her faoo. ; Hor modth was, I . think, the sweetest I 'ever sawi'bnd in her rare smiles the rich-tips aflcrded.a glimpse ol tooth regular, and. whito as rows of pearls. ' ' - ' Pes, EvClyn was beautiful in Spite of the: almost total absonco 0! color fa hor,faoe« ; Her complexion was - of a dalioate creamy has, and only in. rare moments, of excitement nhpala- rooo ttatappcarqdfor nh.instant in hor soft, cheeks;' 'Xbe.voty first time Evelyn Pombsr-:. ton's eyes rested op mine in a deep, nndnl- moat -solomn -gase,"! folt, a ;, etrango- thrill through -my wholo.boing— a thrill-that ; had something' of a shudder in it, -though the warm Bummep- snnzwas beaming' down -on my bare: head as! bowed before hor. . . : It was not antil after I had neon bar that' I folt interest enough, 'to. quostlon .Albert as-to whom she was about to marry; Hshad hcen initiating mo Into' tha comforts ondpaonliari-. ties of his den, Which ho had, as hopromisod, roslgnod to mo, /and a littla fatignod with . tho journoy, I posted myself taja ohair near, the window to enjoy ; tbo wild: view: of ;hill ;aud dais it afforded whils wo indnlgcd in n smoke. ".Well ?" he aekod," what do yon think; of tho mator sndEvclyn V" \- '.V I think yon ore , a happy follow, to havo suoh a moihor.'M replied, .."and that; yon: ought to try and load a lifa worthy qi hor.'': : , " Don't hit ao hBid- old-follow. If! ..hoeaid with a becoming flush rising , to his brown chock,' 'I'll try hard for tho future.'.'/ : " My dear. Pombsrton;! aeauro you l only \- spoko in iganoralitorma— 1 hadno intentiorfof recurring—' " ' '."No," ho- interrupted,,' I. am. euro iyou hadn't, but a bad.'ocnsclsnco you know. . Eat yob haven't told mo whatjyou think: of my elstor yot." 1 1 " Sho:is very/beautiful— very, may I ask who it is she is going: to marry. 'Albert ?" ': - "I should think you may ; why you'll most him at dinner to-night— that ia if yon don't prefer -dining hero— I : promised you perfect liberty' you know/' \- 1 ') Thanks, but I muct not be. too exacting or salfisb. . I must make tbo aoquaintanoe of Misa -Pembertan's ihtondsd at all ovante, ' I havo gathered that ha is a neighbour . "Yea, his statiou is only, .two miles away, and ho is ono of tho niooBt young fellows in tha world. . If there is any fanlt to bo found with him it ia hia youth; ho is tho snmo'ago nn Evolyn— but that 'yon know, will mend.' She Is a faoky girl to hook each a husband, as Kmgsley— Oharloy ln nmiablo and wealthy." 1 "And is dovotod of coarse?" : v " Ob, of oonrso, that goes without snyinghut 1 don't mind;tsllmg you, Sindluir, that ho's fal easier BUtioficd than I should ho in bispl&co.;" . "Ao how?" " Bocaucc Evelyn ia so cold — if Iwas going to bo married to a girl I'd expect her to seam happy ot oil ovonts." . " And don't yon think your rioter is happy?" " She cayB oho is, But, oh heavens, Sinclair what'c tho. uuo of , trymg to understand women ?" added tho nineteen year old cynic, don't eapposo thoy'rq over 0! tho eame: mind two montha together." : .' v "I hopo you hg7o no roaoon to inolbdoMfrs Pembcrton in that sweeping, nocasation',". I said. . "Ihavo then," wao tho;short nnDwor, and tbo yonng follow bant his brows /gloomily end polled hnrd ot bic cigar ore ho epoko again, . " I know that you're a onto card to talk to; Sinolnir, I can trnot you to hold your tongue if I say to .yon vihat I wouldn't to another, Yon oca tho mater and Evelyn look apon mo ana boy, and I'm out of tho running in family consultations, hat I snoko up about Hcd Cor. v/yn before things had gono toa far, and I got -.snubbed far it.": , . "Ned Oorwyn? " ... " Oh, yoq don't ltnow hitn, . bo's another neighbour, a sohool-mato ' of mine, and. of Evriyn'o too, for that mattsri though ho la y i.'3ta bTiIuq Knia tltbti b? tic. ' . WtU; if e/ci n girl was spooney on a , fellow Evelyn was on , bim.nndby Jovo it wob mutual, ho worshipped tho ground she walked on/' ' "Is ho dead ?" I- askod, thinking I had fonud a solution ot tho mystouoas sadness in Evolyn Pombsrtsnlsoyos, .. .' " Dead? not ho I tno poorfollow's taken it liko n ; sheep, and Is tho . mator's right hand. man.' Yon will.soo him at dinner;to-nlghtf too.'.' . - . " Am I to understand that your sister; was. engaged to this Mr, Oorwyn; and that- it. wan; broken off in favour of Mr. Eingsloy ? " - " That's bow I' tako it, bnt as a matter, of, faot l know nothing , positively. I tell you ; J am only the boy. . in. this ' establishment, -and am-not trnetcd witb the family secrets. _ I, know that I UBed to ohaff Hod nbont boing , my brother, and ho liked. it/and ell, .at onoeft was as mnob ns my life was worth to venture ahint at suoh a thing, ' ' I felt rather ourions tn boo thoso young, men who wcro to moat on fnindly terms under, such poonliar oironmstonoso. Tho low. sun. was shining in -the drawing-room wmdow at W errimona when Mrs. Pcmberton introdnoed to them,' and. my tint idca.'in connection with either was that ! was -disappointed ' in Ktngsloy as a husband for tho queenly Evolyn. . Ho was simply a fair haired and empty-headed . hoy, fall ol chatter and vanity, good tempered, , donbtlbss, and proud: of his bsaaUful'/ianofei but no mors salted, as guido, gnardlan, and oompanion to suoh a. woman than a school-, boy of twslvo. - > " Edwnrd Corwyn wns a totally .different, stamp of man. -T daresay ha wasitwenty. seven. "Ho was: tall -and strongly huilt, yet gentlemanly— nay,, distinguished , lookiDg...I havo.eoen suoh a man in a cavalry regiment,, with a sword in his hand, and tbo sir of- oca. bom to do great deeds. What, oonld bo the Secret inflnoneo that forced' Evelyn Pembcr- ton to discard such a man - for -a. common-., pliun hoy auoh'.aa Charlie Kiogsloy? ; - , / And yot when I had engaged in converse-., tion with him, and been some time in his com- pany, I began to think that tho gravo gentle ness of Edward Oorwyn might hido a terrible will and ficroo passions. . Not that ho revealed this in words, hot I ones or twice saw a flash in, his: 0 yes, as they torhed towards Miss Pcmberton, that haunted me- . . In his imms- -dlats attentions to hor ha was only tho smiling and attentive old sdhool.fcllow, and hs treated Eingsloy- an a man would a favoured brother, lightly and half mookingly : U was only when ho momsntarilly forgot ws.role that I saw tha dark grey eyes flash with an ominous fir#; I watahsd Evelyn closely, but saw nothing to gnldo mo as to her footings in tho.digulilod silm ol her beautiful faco.- . Bho accepted tha attentions 'of her intended in a queenly , way thqt teemed natural to her. Her grand eyes wan tornod on him, on Oorwyn; or on mysalf with the sams quiet emUo, Sha wns -liko. a brautifal picoa of mechanism pound up- to play a certain part, in which it was impossible sha should fail. . Onas or twiea I saw the mother's oya glanos. anxiously towards her, and ones I- saw that Evelyn's ayes met those of hor mother, and an swered tho anxiety in tbsm with a emtio, , It wash tamo evening altogether, in. spite ot tbo yonng people's mnals, .and I was: glad when I got hack, to Albert's room, and was. ones more scaled by the open window look ing out at the, moonlight tying in patches on the mountains, and silvering, the nearest foliage with gleams among tho shades, . I was contracting tho solemn quiet of this night eceno at Werrimona with the glaring gas and noisy streets ot Melbourne at that hour, when tha floor opened and my yonng friend Albert : entered.'.-/ : I guessed yon woald.net b.s riccpy_ Sin olnir," hs Baid'as ho dropped into a chair op- noaito me, "this-la an early hour for fol lows nssd to town lite. -: I won't hs in tho way, - oh?" . ' " " Hot at all,". I replied /' On tho contrary, I am glad of your companionship. This — and I pointed to tho gloomy ohadowsi amoug the silent bills is depressing to ma— It is liko a land of ghosts." / " Ayoj'after town it fr qnict./Bat, Slnolrir,' Pvo gat newS for you— oflr wadding is to oome. ofl sootter than.wsaxpooted/V v.': '-."Booner?" v < "Yos, you know it was sottlodforthe 39tfa,< bnt itseems thataharliohas'barinQes.presS; ing.in Bydney.'and hes' ooaxed ths mater, to, let. ths marriego . |ako place on Chrietmas - "And your sister haa'oonaented 1 " ' : /.'"It :. seems so. .'/I,', didn't; know it .until to-night, bat it ifecmn everything has beenpnt forward. ' By. Jove'its a good job I bronght my war-paint op with.mo after. ail 1 " "Yon am.to'.be.boatmen; of conreo?!'/ .'/ "Yes, and Mies Emerson iB to be brides maid. It's not Oharlia's fanlt that it's. -to . ba suoh a qniet . flffair— he, .- poor,- follow; would willingly hava.epont no .end .oE .monijy .on it, - bnt its . ono : of . Evelyn's fads ; that sho'a to be morricd liko — Ilka a maohino girl; .by Jovel " ' - I hoard a good deal ahont the arrangements. before Albert left, me, and! Bat there thinking, over them and enjoying the quist long . alter tho household. had retired.. 1 Ths- rustling: of tho lonely btauohea on ths darkening htil-oida .had a wmrdattraatiOn for' my . nnaoanatomed. ears-r-tha voioelcsa oir.broathing on my fooo seemed to bring now lifo. into -my veins, yet withal oven my hardenod pool felt, ae l had told Albert, a eolemndeproseion that was half: fear in ths lonolynight eaene among tho Wer rimona HiIIb. . , Ihad rioen. and was about toalose the, win dow, whon I saw a woman's form'-' gliding among tha bnsbes a little diatanos from ths- back of the house whore my room was, and I naturally Blood still to. wateh; I had no light,', for I had pot pat ' tho lamp on my first en trance, ao es to enjoy the fall boauty of the calm moonlight;.' -Theiwomah did not go far,, , sho stopped under a tree, a littlo way up the eida of.thb htil, and wob quickly joined by a: , mad.,: Tho- .latter : was tall, that was all I \- oould he oortain of, though . my . oyes were koon f rom yeara of : dotootiye 'duty; but - the ' woman I had a nearer view of before aha disap-: psored. ' ' -Tho intsrviow was a Short ono, and. the' female hootonod book towards tho bouso; Onoe she turned to look .baolt and satisfy, horssll hunk uw uuuijiituiuu uuu (juuu— ib Yfun an. nun turned again and movod that bor face and. figure orooood a ray of moonlight and I saw them both; : .It was a short;, aotlvo girl ol :twonty-thrae.or lour,' apparently, ana ol tho maids, and disgusted with myeell : lot watoh- inga aorvant's intorviow with inomo: ruotio lovor, I oiosod .tho window and wont tobed. / I.slopt well and waa oat in the garden be; fore qny of tho family had mads thoir nppoar- nnca. Shortly alter, howovor; I was Joined in my stroll by: Mrs. Pemberton; wh6 in hor , tasteful morning , dreea ol pals' blna 'looked young enough and happy onongh 1 0 have bcon tho proopootivo bride hercolf;' 0ho was. evi dently in u happy mood, mid coon tho conver sation drifted to the onbjoot that was doubtless nearest to hor heart that aummor morning. "Yon havo heard of our olrnngc of plan, dear Mr. Sinolnir, has sooa as I cm to loco my Evolyn?". / . . " Yes;Mrfl. Pcmberton, Albeit told mo last night. Fortunately it won't ba for long. I understand thatMr.Kingoloy'a placo is only a eouplo ofmiloaaway."' / . . "Yca indocd, it -is most fortunate for- me; . Andto be: tho mistress ol .snob a housa as Kicgoland is a position that 1 any. mother might be proud to ncs hor child fill.'' / / '( Miss Pombortou would adorn tho highest pocitloa, my dcarmcdam." ;. /: . " Thank you, and Ido not think I need fear your words are intended an flattery. Evelyn: 19 a hsantifal woman and a devoted dangh- tcr." . The- poor mother's voipo hrcks as oho uttered tho lest low words; but eho recovcrod hwcolf and went on; :/1 / . \- "I do not mind saying to you, who are such a valued friend ol my Eoy's, that Evolyn'o choice h&B; relieved my mind of u groat weight. Thorowaa a timo whon I leaved that oarly essoclatienn might havo biassed her off cotlonn la a less favorable direoiloxf, and it ifll a groat jblielfo cfoUmf (i hail nut pfoviid to ba so. A widow left with hut nponr provision for her 'children has a great responsibility -to contend with ; -bnt, 'thank-heaven; my troublon-- are - nearly, over, Eingoloy is not only a wealthy yonng man, but thesoal of gocorosity " -Hor troublos ncarly'ovsr I many and - mauy- a timeafter did those. words ol:tbo...unhappy, mother reonr to my .memory., - , . . / i It was tho twenty sosondof Docsmbsr, only one day intervened .between :us and Evelyn: Pumborton's wedding, morn., - At,: breakfast that: morning there was- only ths' quartette, Mrs.. Pemberton; /Evelyn, Albert and ; myself; bnt both yonng Eingsloy and Oorwympntin an early appearance, -and, plans /.were- formed to yi 'mentp tbo -yonng follow had offootyd in bohor.. olhls bride.;: loxaascd myself from boingof; tha party on thojaOora of my recent 1 illness, atadwhonl. had seen, thorn offl strolled up- tbo hill. at the hack: C'he same /which ; faced tha 'window of my.rbom.) and thro wieg my self .on the warm grasa nndera troo, proparcd to onjoy .a daloofar'monto which, a hard-worked . D. most of all mon approolato. ./ I was wondering if Evelyn Psmberton had bccn'Infinonoed by- bar ' mother to . discord Edward. jOorwyn' for, that flh alio w-patcd lad Kiqgsley, . when 'I happened - to use, : shining: amongst tho grasojnssr tho.elbt)W-.on whioh I was lsaningi-'a stud Bot in onyx. My, ayes, are,, as I eaid bofore, professionally.; aBarp, and., I ; rcaogniBed it at ones osons. ol o sst:wom by Oorwyn on the previous avennig;,- All at onoo it flashed :, upon mo that I-.wos under the very - treo where I: had /witnossod tho moonlight meeting,: and that Gorwyn'a must hdvo bccn the tall main figure that had formed ono at the nppointmont. ' ' : . Who could havo been his companion, and for. what purpose had. a midniBht Intervio; taken placo ? It for a momont.I'.donhted tho, honor of . Misa Pcmberton and bolicvcd it pos sible that , sha had .accorded a clandestine meatingto her diacarded lovor, I romsmbored . in tha noxt'that ths woman I had scon return to. tbe house vras short ol figure and vulgar of laoo and oonld not possibly have beon her. I wob going: to .pnt tbo stud in my pocket deter mined, to .say nothing aboot it, hat -lot my disaovery ooncsrning it bs thorosalt olohanae, when I saw. tho very girl .who had had tho: midnighiappointmontooming from tha houso in tho direction of ths hill, An idea that Oorwyn might have managed oil opportunity to inform the girl of bis loss madomo drop tho Bind in tho grass again and rise bom tho spot before sha saw ma. . I did not go far— I only dropped: on tho grass behind a shady olnstaz ol young sbs-ooks and watched tho girl. : There vras no doubt of it— sha. was search ing for something, and at last found what she ought, and went back to her housework with alight step and, as thoj fancied, unobserved. My - knowledge now 0! ths foot that Oorwyn was capable of alow intrigue with tha servant of ths woman ha had onoa loved damned him at anon inmy estimation. , Tho ; man that oonld do so was a low vUlain.no matter horf noblo or gentlemanly . tho appearancs with which ha deceived, a shallow, world; when soma hours oitor hs, cat opposite. to. ms at dinner, with tho unbroken set of Onyx studs on his person, it wonld not have .been prudent for ma to havo expressed aloud my sentiments in connection feitn him. . Tbo following day— the twenty- third— I had almost entirely to myself. - Tha prospoctivo bridegroom had been forbidden to pot in on appsaranoo again at Werrimona until . ths marriage esremony had . been . performed. Evelyn horselt was,, of course, invisible, and Mrs. Pemberton toll of business in preparing for the wedding breakfast and supervising hospitalities. I rambled ahont tho hiUs most oCtnc day, vritn Albert's gtm in my possession, though I was not guilty ofmuoli bloodshed in consequence ol oirrying it, audi chared n soramblo/dinner: with Pemberton .and his mothofaaovoning feU. . \- Mrs. Pombsrton .wao in high spirits, end so naturally was my friend Albert. --. ' , - ./ / . , .-. \- "I'mJ dead, tiredl"/ the latter oried .. and I'U havo to turn In early if I'm to fooo ths tor- : riblo ooramony- to-morrow morning in my boot biband tuokorl"; /: ' .: -r j v . " WeH all havo to turn in, osyou oall it, oarly. ; -. there fo. plonty to be dono in tho morning, andwa mnstba np:botimss.t' v. : :" I wonder, whatEvelyn moans to allow, mo: for this lot ?:, By .Jova she has fine times ot itr hiding away in. herown.iroom.- while .wo'-ara / . alavmg to: .death I . Whatever: is ' oho .doing;, mater 7".>- ' ' ' : . " My: dear,, a yonng lady. ;on the evo of -her, marrlago has many things to do. .. Bho has to': pack for. her/trip - to Sydney, and. to arrange her .wardrobe generally. . -And yon -know Evolyn has no, maid, bnt; Milly : Werner , has been .helping her aU- day/t . . Milly Worner.?- waa that the yonng damn that met Oorwyn at. midnight an.tho hill7.il so, a pretty trcaohor- ons moid had . Evelyn . Pemberton'; or, after, -alii v;as it a foithf al oonfldont ? i. - ..;. . : I felt vory nnlike sleep ' that night, and. knowing, .the result of - tnmbling and tossing lobonton a oloeploaa bad for hours waa likely. to.be, I determined/not to go to bod . at all. nntil l- had worn mysolt ont Bitting. ap; ; : . It .was about eleven o'olook. when I'oame to this. - oonolnoion, and all the house was. in the most' perfest stillness. .: :sl had taken a hook in whioh I waa Interested- into ths drawing room: oarly in the day, and the idea that I ahonld liko to finish it. took posseasion of mo. j Believing that oyory eon! -.intho honao hadretirej.'l took up- my lamp, .and. making aalittlonoiao aalooald,1 Bought, the drawing-room. - , Tho. door was ajar, and tho>ropm in "dark-, ness; aavonoar tho.windows; through whioha- flood of moonlight wan; falling, n I had: taken 1 .poaaeaaionof my bopkand waa retreating, be fore! noticed a female figure etandmg in a window-recaaa. with ono of tho drooping laca ' ourtaina oaoght and held- book , in her .band.-: At tbo first glance, I knowiit wasEvelyn; thore waa no mistaking that graoof ul yat ; majoatlo form. , , , , ' < Sha must havo hoard, my. movements evpn na, iuu tuvuiDUt vuani wu|>ua lUiUISU IAu. fooo towards ma qniokly, with a frlghtoned air;. Never oan lforget that boautlfol fooo with the. whlteneaB. -of . death : on it, : and almost . tho ' shadows of death, beneath tho heavy oyes. .'flirt ma try' and dosoribe hor . aa.X aaw-'her. than, before the terriblo alter ovents mads ;&' horror .of fhememory, fflfe wore a half-fitting wrapper of : whito oaehmere. wlth; a heavy eilkon oord'and'tassols, tied round hor slender, waist andin loops at hor left side; Her goldon. brown hair waa gathered bOok in wavy and, glotsy-massps, and fastened with alargeroomb, behind, beneath which loops and long, tresses, -foil down oareloiely on her .Bhouldara.:"'Hor: small alondor foot; no it peeped from under, tho .oaahmoro skirt, showed a whito ailkeu .atooking and aboa,of blaok. satin ; pnd that waa. oil— there was not a bit of laco at bar foir ncok or wrlata, oru ring of gold on tho pcrtcct- flngore. " I bog/your pardon, Misa'Pombcrton," I 'oprtomacd, " I am afraid I havo startled yon; Indeed I chould not havo ventured from my room if I lmd not believed ovory oonl in tbo honr.o abed, I oamo for this book." , "Do-not apologico," aho ropliod gontly,. "I havo no buninosa lioro indecd, and mamma would be vorv angry if oho know; but I wanted n— a last look." . "'Oh no,- MfeS Pemberton ; ; though yon loavo homo to- morrow it Is only for ao abort a timo tbat yoa will not misa it ou of your life atWernmona," ; ' . I do : : no t know"— aho raturaod as '.aho. ohoolr hor hand oadly, " I fool, a .presentiment that when I leava. my mothor'a homo it. v/iu bo novor to return to it again." . , ; / ." Yon are nervoua, mydoarMissPcmborlop, ond UnaottlodjWhon tbo aun chines.on.yonr wadding morning you will forget nil , tbin "Or presolon." '' "Ihopoao." . , , ' . Somehow I folt liliG lingering, though I T'ha qulto aware that goad taoto would have noat- ' oatcd . my immcaiato retirement ; bat 1 "/n soma oxoqea whllo tboco grand oyc» lingoraa on'rna with a mid solomnlty tlmt etirrod mo to tho cool. Impulsively I ndvanci d townrdo hor and nut eomo of . my fcctingn mto \- " Miia Poiaborton, do not ha 1 6ak yon to trwit mo a liftis.! feel in It thcrt! was something troubling you greatly— ia there anything in tho whole world , l oan do for yon?" ; "There ia no ona without froub!o,.not avon. a young girl liko ma," sho anaworod. steadily, " Sut.my tronble, il I have ono, is ouo of .toy. , .own moklog. ond no ono oan help me. Thank yon all tho same, dear Mr, Sinclair, soma day, perhaps " v " " Soma day ?" I repeated oa she paused./ : . " I hardly know .-what/I -was going to ox; 'preea. Ever since I looked flrstinto yoqr faoo 1 havo folt Ba" if .there -waa soma strange, -solemn tio between as, as if one day my We, my honor or my good name would lie in your: hbndS A qaeer fooling, is it not? bnt f was olway . :.a' :atrnng8i:dreamy girl; end nover: tbonRht IwonldHon long livor-" '/ ' t".God:forbid -/that , there /should , ho any ; fonodntion ;for adoh foam l't l.'oried earnestly ; "hat if ever yon place atrast in my bsnds:!' .will redeeiqit foithf plly- or dio 1" - - , Thank yon trnly.' And now let it- bo- farewell— I shall not havo a momont to speak to you again." . - Sha put her hand' in mino - as -I , murmured a'God blesa and make yon happy." and eho .left there while she repeated "ths f.'FareweU,!' that rang.in my ears for many-re long .day after ; . and :so I wciit.haok' to my.ohamber leaving/her,; still, by stho. window; -with the /moonlight' streaming fln berpaloi foca .-and- white-robed figure. - - , , , , - ,:My book was of tab all : 0! - no yaluo.on that: night— the laet. -that should .fajl- On.' paaaoful,' .Werrimona irith a shadotb of content.' It was for on in tho small-hours cro'Inndresaed, and' then-it was to Us and wonder at tbo sorrow of the beautiful daughter of the honao', tho brido : of to-morrow. < , 1 . ; - 1 slept: heavily at lost; to-hs aroueod by. eomdino trying tbe handle of, my, dooras it re gain entrance Without knooking; - .Boeing that tha sun.wan ohinmg- brightly, -Ibonndod -from: my bed, threw on sotnS garmentsand nnlooked tho door— ths first gtanoo 6f Mrs; Pamberton'e white,1: frightened foos -wos cnongh to : show: ms tbaf something had happened, . ... ,"0h, for tho lore of God, 'come and help me, Mr. Slnolair r.'. ehe whieporad trotablingly,- "Evelyn has gono : oh teU me, toU ma what I em to do I" 1 . "Gonqlvhatdoyonmcan?" - . "Jhot mo in.X don't want to lot anyono know— yet. I went to hex room early, 'so as to got Evolyn op.and ready intlmo, and! found that her bod bad never been slept to ( I have searched in -ths honao and gardcnl-avary- where 1 bat I cannot And her ; oh God ! whit ahaUIdo?" . " Has eho taken anything with hnr 7 made any preparations for a jonmoy I moon?" . - . . " Hot that I can sea— her wraps at all ovonts are in h«r wardrobe.":, ,/ . . : -. Iiit us go to the room, and bo as-calm as you oan my. dear tody— if Miss Psmfaoxton to tort wo will find her, bo aasnred." - , Tho poor woman led mo almost blindly to the ohitmbes of the lost bride, team of terror and agony rolling over her blanched ' checks. It woaa now axporienea to me. and a pitiful ono, this cntrsnoo to a girl's chamber where rtl preparations hod been mads for her happy . . There were two beds to tho apartment, and Goth were hang in pure white lacs looped with pals bloc silk. On tho snowy conntor- pano of ona of these ths bridal gormsnts were spread daintily— a trailing robs ot white eUk. almost covered with rich Jeoo, the bridal wreath; tho bridal veil. All. tho littlo ncces- sorioa to' a perfect iollet toy in : order, tho silken boss, ths whits satin boots, tha: long whito gloves, tho golden and Jewelled bouquet-. bolder that had -brffea' n gift from tho bride groom. Tho ghostiy attlrn hod, tinder- ths: oireumstanoes, a weird look— it was as . it a dosd brido had slipped bom her wedding gar- monta and left them to lie there In her form. .1 saw tbo mothor's hands clasped to pitital woo as she glanced at them, while I mads my ' own observations on tbo state ot things;. - . . It, was ss poor . Mrs. Pcmberton -had said, not an article of -outdoor. Attire waa.misstog' from Evelyn's wardrobo, and. tho -bed .was -smooth andundietUrbed from tho hands .-of- tho ohambermaid. Prom what I. saw, I oamo to tho.oonolasion that Eyelyn.had not visited her kpom. after .: my. meeting ; Vfitk hor. thp . provione night— Iwas almostoortainof this,, seeing that her httls watoh hang on its.: stand \- apon her. dainty, toilet, and that, it had stqpped 'at: twelve o'olook— if the girl /had. returned alter that hour eho wonld; have wdnnd it.: : .;/ Isaid' nothing ofthameo'ting Ihadhad in ths. drawing-room,. bntf asked: the- mother. jf, eho had nny rcaobn to suppose that Miss Pember- ton did not intend to fulfil hor ongogomont to Mr. Eingsloy? " Qb no,l" eho orlod IM on the contrary, she gavomo hor saorodword-tost. -night erelloft her Heio that she would not bill" /'/"Was asaared promlso noccesary then ?M aakedoharply," has it. been necessary 'tore- mind yonr danghtor of a.yow. on tho aye of an nnwolcomo alliance ? . - Mrs; :. Pombsrton; you know l em o.dotsotivo, if you wish ma to help yon to this matter it. is noosssary for yon: .to put entire oonfidonoe in me — to tell mo tho whole truth1," , , / "There :to nothing: to-,. ten 1": she -almost shrioked my child 1 : my child I'1. : 1 , v .=. ,/ I began to feol angry.with the womau; who it nesmod to mo must caavcoDroed hor dnnght \- tor: into a- wealthy ongagomont -Holt . leas, toolined: to: spaio -hor, and:relatod.itwhat had, .passod botwasn Evelyn and jnysell.., > ,' " Thsro was soma wsight-on bsrboart,1.',,! saidi''"and some terriblo presentiment oppros-. ding ber-csn youoxptoin.it Mrs. Poaaborton?!'. . 'Hol" she cried wildly,"! can' explain nothing,. only, that my child: has left. me .for l ovcr l toy Evelyn 1 my Evelyn 1!' Hor ehrloko had aroused tho household, and; Alfaertlwas ia tho room with the servant MiUy /Werner;:! glanocd into thogirl's igee sharply, nUdsawtlmt oho . quailed Undor'my. oyo; .! -drew her-, soldo .while Albert hoard, tho, sad -:trath from hfo'/dlotrao ted motherland ques tioned her. 1 < , /"Wore youqwste thatMissPomborton, had left tbe houso?" \- : "Mo'-sir! ' how shonld l kudw ofionoh o thing? I am not -oven .Mtss Pemberlon's -maia?" ' , . Yoahnve notunsworedmy quoetion— did yon knqiw thai Miss .-Pomborton : had loft the - houso, or had' any - intention of Icaying it last' night?" , - «Ho'|". she onswored .'brasenly ',',1, -know nothing ahout it 1" . ' : Ii'mlght ,'find: a' way ,, tq ; rafreeh' your memory;','! said sharply. Havs youV boon carrying any: messages /between Mr.r.Oorrtyn . andyour young mistress Iotaly ?" : " Ho, Ihavn't" oho orlod on her faoo burned crimson. - , " Your communications.! frith that gentle man wore entirely anyour own - account then ? '1 Sbfl grow palo oa suddenly as aho hadfiuohod;' bnt ankwercd. after" 0 moment's hesitation, Yc-3; entirely oa. my own aoaonnt:,!' / ; . " Tako euro— I may mnkoyoa provo that befors you are many hours olaor.": : I heard homo ejaculation liko " impldonco 1" as I'tqinod end took Albort from tbo room leaving tho hyctsriool mother In tho hands oi Ihocorvauto. Touothor the anxious young follow 'and I , psarobed everywhere in hopo. ol .dlsoovoHnit' any traces of his sister. . There vrea no uta in trying to hido from tho honoehold what had happoncd in .tho faoo : of Mrs; Pemberlon's- . outories, and svory. Sorvnnt save Milly Werrior v/as holping .to. a eoaroh . tUat provod to ba vein. /--When ! sayf, how neelossft wad, it wan nearly niuo o'olook. " Wo may deoido that there will bo no weddtog:.to-da7. -I'm afraid Albort "I ddld- while wo partook. of a hasty meal; " "It wilt , bo hotter for you to ride over f orKlonolov.cnd cond messengers , to nil tho '-tavitod1 noc'-h ,thatthov,-cadingispoctponod--vourii!othor'o sudden illneao will bo a onllloiont dxduuo " ."Binolflit" ho re tornod, looking atmo'with a groat eononenw ia hia yosng face, " thi" matter will bo lbs ruin of poor Evnlvh_T! you think it possible; that ohs has run bwm with Oorwyn?" " ' " I don't think itat aU likely, sinoosho had none apparently >n her wrapper and alienors but I nm going over to pbk liiin the ann-apd,' UW." M "on "You I" -l 1 "I' mysolf— you.seom.to havS., forgotten .-. v; -that lam a dGtsativo, Ecmbeiton, r'who oonld mora fittingly inquire lbto/BUbKB, business?" - r " Ob, heavens, > that you - should speak so 1 . what nwlnl .thing do yon suepcot that r.you should reonr toyenr profession now,?",- . - : " Bo a-mon Pemborton. , Eemember how mnohfoon yonr shoulders at this moment, " / . - atooo ydu are .tho xepresohtativp of a-helplsts , mother. G'o, and doasIsaiS-I-willoes you ' on my rotnru," - > I wonj to the stables, and after having sad;- ' .- died ahorse for myself; rodo.on my errand to ' tho hondo of Edward Oorwyn; ////: i ; \- T know where to go; for thc ohlmndydof his- / , formbonso were visibla from.Bomn ofrtho-win;-.- '< s. dows at Werritnoas,: and had ieon-poinisd on t w ' > to mo.y. I rodcrapidly, andeoon rosched thO ;- /' snug-looking !. homestead .amongst tho tress V -' that was oalled-.Oofwy ndats.' : It- looked ;. like ! : ' thohQUBs of a fhiivipg, mcu,.bat had sroand c ' Itnons of tho-.ofog4ncleB-of,wsalth; '!twaSja,J':''. plain, shingled verandah I rodo ap to; and- she v/;:.- '/ dOor, /without .knookcr .or /bell; tood. .wida -r, open to the morning sun. \ ; , ,, r 'Unasked fondly with my whip1, and!so"on a ; - ' - / oontioitabls-ldnking dame, who looked liko an i ' > ' ' npper sorvant msdo her appoaranoo. Ja reply - ' to my.wlshfo ceoihor msstor; shq told mflfiiohl;. /: , was. dressing for Misa Pemboiton's weddtog;;-/' : . : bnt. On: my. epufltog amasssga . that'my bnai-' /-/ ' neas was urgent, -I. woe ahbwninto on1 nnpre- - ' ' ! -tending parlor, ' wharo' In -a1 foW/momentel'H t' : .yfaa joineds by; Edward: , Oorwyn;:/- Ho -was. : moot perfeoUy.drcBEod, . with tho exception ol( - V ' -' - ; tboglos3y,frorik eoat ho, carnedin his hond, /.-- / and no man .oonld deny that a'fiuer looking // . follori jt would be hard to' produco-in any ' land. - - r . / :. ".Mr. Sinclair I" ho cried in earpriBc, ag ho - ! extended -his.- hand, " yon, are :- not the Ices r- welcome, that I was far from expoeting yon;/ - I pray you to. oxouao my toeomplote toiuit— ' tho wedding yon know; but, had it not been/ for a lost atnd , I beliove Z Bhoald havc becn : " half rtay to Werrimona by this." , , ,,,1 . .'Aloat etrfdl -! Ipoked at tbe broad, glossy,,./,- /' immaoalafo shirt, rand saw Indeed that 'there wss.ons stud missing, -and from tho camo onyx - sat tool tj 1 < >i. -i,p,i I , . . . I did not tako tha hand whioh ha doubtless '. fancied I dld sot ses, and hs wonton uml- ' Hugly; /' , " I'm not nohonough to have a second set, ' Qtoelalr, and I'm very anlacky with this 0ns.1l / Only yesterday! roaovored ono of the studs ' / I had lOBt tho proviousday.nnd now it togono again— comethlng to tho. matter wiih 'ths ' ' oateh. Well; bfrs.' Eingsloy, : that in to be, Will not obsorvoitSBbBonse." - .. "No," I repeated "aha will not obaorroita1 abseneo." . Bomathlngto my tono perhaps,' or to my"1 eyas that vraro steadily fixod upon ihim. oefrnod - to affect him— hogrowpatoiflowirto thovsry ' (' lips muter his military looking moostaobo. "You look strange, Mr. Sinclair," ho said, '' "to dnythtog wrong?".— ' ; ... I camo to aakjyou that qncstiair, Mr. Cor- ' sra.; Miss Pombsrton has disappeared from Werrimona, and no tracaoj hcrcan fca dfr. s ccvsicd- (ton ycu toll mo where sho i, / ' " I ? do yon moon to insult me sir? What - should JTlmow of Miss -Pcmbsrton's disap- -pcaraneoT't' "lundoratand that ot ono time you wv II havo been tho most likely of oil pcrsous to know of Miss Pembarion'smovcmonts." Aye, at one" timo I hs said with bitter cm phaais, "tho timo whon Evelyn BsmborCon was " my betrothed wifo, and hadnot boon tempted :> ' by awoak mother, and anothor maa'o gold I '1 Bnt that timo has paced, sir, and,' thank God'"' ihavo forgotten it J" ' / Hs did not- look na if ho' had forgotten it; standing there with his hands olsnohed and his : eyes biasing— ho did not look as il hs -would' over forest it should his term of lifo axtcnd n' : hundred ydara I _ " I don't know who'hflshsah-iind enough' to tell you of -my folly. 1 V hs went onf V but ! / . hs has not told it .woll, or yon wonld'. bottor"1 - have judged tho man yon ooma to aak for tid-' v . : inga ot Mtos Pomborton.-,: Edward Horwyn -tor not 'tho weak minded, fool to bo Onoo'dis-', ,/ carded and lurad bock tohio allegtonao? by a/- -\i Boft look; : If thoro was not enothot woniatf / ' 1 - to tho wholo. world and -EvelynFomhsiton'.- " > knelttometomBkohermywifolwonldspnrn < her as I do that hound 1 " < ' - It wis ImpOssibla to'doubt 'the nkri's'fcel.' ": : 1 togs os he stood thofs; his darlrhandBomafaOB1> tv- :> idfotortodwithtemblBpaesIon.ABhospnrnedl . trith hto'foot the dog that had oomafftoto /thsM:! ': room: with a morning wsldomo for-hts tnaotoi -/, /' \- talis faithful oyes, the passion of a fisnd' wad" ,J> . - clenohodin Gcdqvyn's lumds'and 'flashing/red ' : to his awful gaso. " / ' ' 1 'v - / i ' i turned towatds jths-'door, -bub' ha 'plaodd - -himself before .mo- and spoke -in' a'lhsimtog!""/ - tone. ' - . Stop, if you please. 1 1 may surtly oxpeot ' to bs toldly what right you:take uponiyouri ';/' - self ths right to esmoh'for MissEvmyn-'Pamt' ' hcrton ?. Arc you, then, without .myt being": 0 aware of it, soma .oloao opnndotion of thd j! famUjr ? Snrdly yon will fsvonr md with a1 '.littlo- information on the, to - mo; at present:/: ' iJ dubious point?" ' .' i "My namo to Mark- Sinclair," Isaid, as1 ' I looked him steadily to the faoo; " ahd' ' ; . I sm Senior Dotcotivo in tho 'Metropolitan//- , Pores of Dsteotivos/. -Ia thorb any other' totib f" :': formation yon would liko mo to snpply you1, with ? " ' ; Hik faqo grow palo. ns I-ananored' himV'hiit' 1 /, / ' . ho laaghed mookingly and bowed." - ' ; I was not aware that I -had a visitor of ' -BQCh lniDOrt&nflA..;:'-! Aw ymtiV' Wf Ad soon-as l oan ohsnne my dress' I will .tida :'/' : ' over to WerrimOna'.and ooo if I can bo of any - oervioo to Mra. Pomborton." , , , ' ' - c . \- /As'folly. convinced that Oorwyn kneweomW-'1'' t"' thing of. the girl'o.disappoaranoo as :that"; I ' > brtothed; I -rstornod to Werrimonk.: ' t wad' at''-'-' '/ ' a loos. what to do,- no theroiwns -not a/mugio;'" ' ' trata , within many miloo, and !- oonld prove- ;I nothing against. Oorwyn that Wonld exodse'1 > my arresting him without- a warrdnt; 'SOW '!'i ''! thing I could however do— I oonld' fry- to1" ' frighten Milly Wornor jnte a 'confession of', oomplioltystooel hod myeoll oSofi liorin'con- ' 1 ! , QQlt&tioQ;/wtthtbo nian'onopeofeeds v ./- ' Ono may imaging 'the stats of tho'liouad. " ' 1 bifid on my return, Mrs. Pemberton Bhd " ', broken down utterly, ODd a medical man had bem sont for. Young Eingsloy, had arrived, ' nnd Was roaming about tho hones to a loirf- ; ' less, limp way, looking, I supppso, for, his lost' ' brjda to oornors that hsd been iBjaroked, a dopon times boforo. Tho men who had bean' . - , despatched .to rnoke enquiries :in tho hciah-. ' Dourhood had roturnod withiyonng Psmberl ton, and no' disaovery had bcon nitulo. , s - My first Inquiry was for tho girl Wornor— . ' ' 1 sho won in hor own room. 1 walked straight; to it when it had boon pointed oat:, to raq— ,'s i it .WBB o ijttie Qttio jjbamboi:— and knoolajji ' > Bflprpjy at tho door, Tboro waa? aomo ohnt-v .t ; BiWSido, -and than tbo .;irl .oponod -tUo r S?:0, ' bos baok, wonfiiniimdloohod : ' thoaoorbohind'mo. - - - ' - attomptod a tittle sbrioktog, ' but olio had hot time to indiilgo in muoli oro : v m7 hsndouffa olasgqd onihor wristn. ' 14 : :y . , .Dl "hat en effect tho touch, of, tbot U'nil of cold otcsl has. 01; a coward, clip , wao ins.antly.oilont, thonsh with hor whito- mrp ttcotlb'0Im'n'1 r'8«hty over her cot , ;l jMp./.-wtttyoo tsll mo what you:- Pombor;/ :/ " 1,71,0 1,10 y'u i t no.daring about it my: door f !/,' . Ehsply.a , dotcotivo ; in- pursuit of my , / wn't toll mo, oh ? It isn't yon- can't then?" ' " ,'It i» I oan't 1-. I, know nothing about it! SS «,Can f. t,eU ya "Bot I don't know ? Tcka oqthoso things ! tako thsm off I cay, . or I'll : ' if a Q0 alarm tho- hones? "v. . : I Scrooph awoy, my bcauty—l'vo a gag.' / ,'00tmo eqmowhoio. Oh'l you vioro psok- "Sfttp whou I intorrupted.yon, eh? youwere ;si«i going to mnko a bolt of It wcro you? . / I was going, to .loavo— yes, Iv told Mrs; . ) : "iphlv/ns, nnd.q-hy ohouldp't. I if ! l- - " "Bcsanspdon't lika my.dpsr. How,nrq ; , : I r, i ; ' yougoingto tqU-me. wherp Misa Pemberton '/ :. ,ic . ' ; -. . ' ' : ; | «' I don't know I.I deolaro to God I' don't) know 1 " 1 " ® r ; "Hot whore'shd'is.ribw, poihape/ batyon 1 can tell a good bit thai will ; hoip no to flnd. 1 . hor. ' What had Oorwyn. to ooy to -you thnt : -: night you met him on.tbo hill; and what .did M ho givo when yoa retdmsd bim tHe 'etud he m . ' , had lost? Opmo nbw. it will bq;bettor.for:ybii H : to makd;a'.olebn' brebbt , of It,?;,".-1 \y S I won'tl see that how i yba inay kill mo . ) and I won't ! SinooyoaUnow-Bomaob/goand j . .oak Mr/Corwyitllimeolf—ybu'UkUow nothing ® : from mbl."V: /.!? YbrywelliVdutil"you! ohanoo' yohr- mind i ' yoti havd not bomb to your scoees byi'tb-'mor/ M ,' row mqrning;Ptt'oart ,yori- in' tb. iVe'trlmona | lock-up.":: .'- , m ' WhUe l had beeu speaking I had beeh ex-; Wi ' ! aminiog tho little window— it was imposeibloi B itoeabapbifcom it/iiltbok thb:kby:ontrbf;-tho; p ' door and sho modo a raeb to try and esoape'ds ffl ; I opened it. .//'///w/'//-:!/-,-:/;'; % . "I,ot inb Jiearorieiiiit'bfwbipyand/i'li.BBg SH . ybn,"-l said aelpushbdher baok. "Xyib>ing % you som'oprispnra tioM. towards evening,, ohu' H yoD have to say.? t 1 , ' > M ' ' night she wqe. sitting onihoi-hed with a 'shl- ' '& lenrdetflrmihpii'hibk'. od; hefdark'.fase/'ahd B wpnldnbtevbn'teply.tomo whrni-Iaddresecd 1 hsr.".'. , '.'.l"-.:,'':'- H . .<)..YoMayetbeen:wdI;bribedimy:Iady;''.,I' B tbouBht;," butthoeightrof thopohcemon )IH H ' givo- yon in ohorgeto tb-mbrrow wili mbybo I loo'B&yo;'nr tonguo"." " - : p I was wearied oht,'bbdy and-mind, ana was. <$£ asloep'oltabet aa ebonbe. I wos'in bed; 'and)'l'. 9 muet hava dreamed almbst, as boon, as I-'plet.; M It eeottiodtbmothatl eaw.Evolyhagain.jial Wi saw ber'ola ths jubvioha night, in her imping 9 whits dross; bnt the.habr: amiong: whieh. tbs' M mo'bnbeamarhad'lbi!Stod;-<waa;;hmjgingi' down almont'tbh'drwohrt, tangledanddiahevellod. Ws ' Inthe'great eyoe.toq, there Scamed an awtol £ISn,''0s4v|; aUU.UItf; TfUinl lillUOa BcelHCu , S stratohed:.bntootrpatingly; towards me I . I strbggled'mylf as if tram a,' night- 81 mare, and fbr' a second of time after I.opbned, m my oyeal Beemedtoacethoehadbwy oatlinn S of a form betwoen me and) the. window; '.I sat ffl up in bed to' satisfy -'.myself that tberbwao, ij nothing but epaoe, where I had imagined that' U ehape. : -' i " . ':. >- m "I Bhall havo a telapso if my brain does not m get a rest,' ' I thougbt, ab I resolutely turned U my fooe 'to the wall and shot' my eyes. : Just Si . then I heard the blook in tho hall etrlko |1| twelve-lit was' Christmas, morning, almbst', U the earns hourin whioh'laet night Bvelyn hed m said to meher laat"Farowoll?' ii'. .' p In a few moments I slept again, and again H I dreamed, but this tibae my burbam had soma new features/end was peouliuly vivid. I e'sw m Evelyn gazing at mo reproachfully; and I. re'- H called my promiee ae tboogbeho hod then ro- M poated it with her shadowy lipo. " Hevoryon place a'trastin'ms I will redeem It faithfully 1 or dio ; " that was my promiss— had eha come SB toolahnlt?.. - : /, , . : ms In my dream l gazedbt the niiety formand f|J met the owfuland glassy - eyes. : Bho ecomcd g| to etsnd near a window as eha had dons . lost S|| night in the drawing-room, but' this window H was smaller, had . broken panes' and - tangled Si oliago waving losg epraya ontrids it. : Inude. ga too, the woodwork looked old and broken ana Sa out of tho perpendiauhuf,- and tho floor upon H which aha scorned to stand was broken "and K| dieoolorod. :. . M'jin-.':..-... This timo when" I awoke in a shudder I bounded frbm my bed and. dressed myself— I Wsi could no more nave lain . still, alter that re- WM peatod. dream, 'than il l had sean Evelyn in the flesh and she bad colled mo toavengohor. #|j That sho bad met. with fool play I was .con-. vinoed/and I went ; oof tly to Ailert'e : room IS and owoke him— itwas'not bard to. do;:ho' rlarted up fearing Bomo fresh trouble awaiting him. ( ' "Albert !" I aeked,."ia there1 anywbero in: 3 this neighbbrbood an bid, uninhabited hodee,'. ill with ibrokon' windows ; and wild- biocping KH . plants dwaii4jt.CHtoiuiA! iluiii;?!? J-'r-.-/ ' Wm " Y®11! '. Oolonoi/Hu'esby'oV blil - hbuso," 'he enawered/'.'wby do you'aek !" ', ' - ; B| "Howfatislyfrbmihiaf?:/;/1-.. Ij/;'/://' WM V Get np: and dma yoursolf my friend/ yon 1 BH and I.|hhak.tbili/::ficlitq7.vitt6in.'.tlia! ffisjk heac,?|mid'ashq.was dre'ssing'I toldlthepobr: sSfl Oorwyn bad 'done.'" ' |i| " Xou must- b4'iiAvei.:io''ina$'rtiM\Aibti;- . «| W,'';I,Baid,-;? ifwbhldkill'yoiwmbtb;br:to tell . Wn her the tru th'il it' is'as ,bbd ia'I fear.') /: |9| Wa'.hWvifiWted'dufiiaMa -Iwttn -wraiaiw'. mia end motehbe, mid.ebsily mada bnr.;wey. inio" It'll the (oat deoajdng timber houee. I wont straight- toward theiroim that'liad thb' broken painea—:; ' v tha whifofaoed trembling youth following' ma' > oloEoly.' , Aeinglo looknt thowindow ehowod. tno ths conntetpart of '.what'I had seon in piy " Walk dream; only thati thmfb ' was'; not even/: the y. 'BH "aaapw qlfnet' Etralyn.to/remindima'of, my- ffiS P111"1313' sHomicg a handle', in /my hand; I Ipv'ia looked round tha robm;, and tiion.;low ion tho, Ka 0heh;fi66r'ior Vtnibes ofifae't or.mMkB .'/tb; ' . ?hara hot hnfonndedZ/il dieobvorbd them;, on/ the1, very. )spot lWherfl/;BySy,h.ihad. ; gga ttomed to'.'stbnd Coriyyn'B'-fortho lieoond time, ' m , ' tudivae lying,/and thero;wero' spota of clood whoro it-Iay I ; V ., , , Withont n Single h'opb'nbw.wb siiarldied the / ffijj hooaa vifinly;.' antUvI'. dieebvorcd 'eomo' loose' ip hoards in the ' floorihg: of A'smallj book J'opitrl/1 -: few mnt in-'-'.whlbh'heirbdf hadrgivbn'wSy-nhd Sp P"«atIyfeUeniri-,thoboards,werolilted,and IfajSi tnoro lay .'the form bfEvbIyh'Pbmberton;'with W 0® folds otihex stained ;rbba oovering her \- r'adfooe'l'V, When thefirethnrst of the.pobr) w JJhhaA'lfiiiaafiaa. %onfowX;iiliat>%0:"l>ffo3;: S 'ho fair. farm,'>oaxried itintb,tho,beet of /the rooms/and: laid .it decently', on a; :tabla."that f : 4 happened tp- lie'/there, .TYb .bbnld/db'hq' niorq. . gfcgj Dntil wo/pr'o'ouihd::meahsVohdaeBlatbnqe.'.Wb. fre returhing/ih awful- eilohao/ leaving the \- R ja'tim bf favongb Mbnb'ifi' the/icnina'd lhouse. , innd M.rhon thalqud 'neighing of /bhorao1, V - SB S -i ,f" . wna itt' htrbnge noighl'lmlf equaali Bb %' !' the animal waa ih pain/ancl Wo turhqd our fog soraos in the dire'otlon of the eoutad. .We found , .'/it; a cayhorsb entangled by tho. bridle in' some. O UAOftUU. aUUUlU .UtidlUU iUUIA UUttA - ; i <a AUmM« 1 KM "8'doim'te';#qa.Vrbl4inrid:.tlltf.!iJibrBo1- !i re h, teak advantago - of his.liberiy . ib'-aaoor ; jarongh, tho -brnoh - homeward. ; nor did wo' "otjhlqtqibllowhhh/iorhtoriastiawaslyhjg : teafsaiUBt.the login a orh&bd;/ heap; evidently broathing his last. > ' " , 1 s aoo, and Ab I'did eo hb;opened his eyesVfixod «' " foaoaohmy.-fsco and knswaW ' - e it iif "F rev6ngo.'yon ses, oa'd all is , waul ho murmured, -M eSo/iriU play ho man ., 'aiaaagqinpiQjjg ha. was' dead— almost with a amilo on hie mnrdcroua lipdt . . : \- ' -hhootory of my dream ic told— lot the faith-' i jjarfaldWei- aordropbutbfitlikothoworth- | i.!®a thingaho vrno/.; -I suppose I must, do her ' i Jlfaifatico to beliovo that when she persuaded , i'alyu to grant Oorwyn, that last mooting, , ijf never dreamed of murder. "Wo'had nn- 'rSnnatqly ao.hold pn lier/oo sha.wont froo ) m0j, ?' mY eight for over, , 1 - .'- /:/ -/" try "iend Albert is master. of-Worrimona " i rW' aui I"18 B family: of fair obUdron grow- i s up aro'und himv Tho' eldest ,hphao named t fcvelyn;»;in irioinory "bl his lost slater, and \- Tf'lweal fancy itnogirl ho'sio-.look in hor 1 'at dieamyiioyco, of tlio murdered brido. Mfoy: Kingaley dld. -not, break hio-.boart, iL 1 griovodlong for Evclyh'a torriblo ' L"f' n<"o there or a' hnppy . childrou alao at- . ( 'fgolond that-bear hianamo, ' . .-, ; I , ja- Fetuboiton is dead. -It sho folt roraorso. .tSi'SwxnaWfogher.'daiightor to/ldcbqiyo tho | L, ,088 loved, iihd nooopt one shoi oould not ..L. .for the sako; of his wealth, sho novor. aaid . carried the Doofat of hot cin with her 