A CHRISTMAS GHOST. Do you really care for me one atom I asked, bitterly, looking down into the calm face before me. The long, dark" lashes lifted themselves with languid grace, and the beautiful eyes looked up into mine. " At. times, periodically, spasmodically." " The spasm is not upon you at present," and the sarcasm of my tone hid its feeling. " It rarely is when you make yourself disagreeable, which is the case now." " And is there to be 110 end to my patience. ?" " 1 have as yet failed to become very familiar with the beginning ; you display it in such microscopic proportion.' 1 moved towards the door; I could bear no more just then. " Good-liye; may hesome time before we meet." A startled expression flitted over her face for just one moment, and was gone. " An revoir ?" she said, with a careless wave of her fan. " When your bad temper is over, and a tiling of the past, 1 suppose. I shall have the extreme felicity of seeing you again. Suppose you spend Christmas Eve with 1 ine?" It was the end of August, aud I was in the habit of seeing her daily. " Dead or alive 1 will he with you !" I answered, and left the room. Why should she, my darling—for she was my darling in spite of it all— torment me so 1 What demon was .it that possessed her ? Or why should I, with my hot, jealous disposition, care so madly for a woman who was not content to relinquish all the world for my sake 1 She repulsed my caresses when the mood was 011 her, broke engagements with me, flirted with other men, and yet had promised to marry inc.. 1 loved and hated her, as it were, in the samp moment. 1 would break loose from lier, leave her for a timt, and see if absence would' not work better lor me than 1 could for myself, or if, perchance, it would cure me of my infatuation. Without allowing myself to reflect, I engaged passage for abroad, and made hasty preparations to he gone some months; I would not see her again ; I would not tvll her 1 was going. I set my teeth at the very thought of what it would cost me, and it required all the strength of which I was master to carry out the determination, hut 1 did it. I placed my business affairs in the hands of a friend, and one thing only remains—to have iny mil drawn up. "I give^aud jiequeath to Elizabeth Barnwell, my. a^iancedwife""] (ah, Bessie! Bessie !) , V all -niy property, real and personal," «tc., with : the enumeration thereof ^following. 'Perhaps, thought I, a little bitterly, if she ;were ever to come into possession of what had' once been; mine, she might have one tender thought to giye; to him whnse.only thought hadjieen : of .-her. The'wreck of .the >Sco'J«a is;aii' old story now, but-a story written in .jtears and lamentations" to -those whose, dear ones were never heard of again—of frightful memories 16; the Jew survivors.., "We were tossing in mid-ocean in i -gale of], wind and rainlsuch as I had never seen or ilri3am<id <if on land, when the; vess-3 sprang a leak: " Man tiie lifeboats!" Was the captain's order, ringing X)ut .even in the liiidst of the noisejpf dements. •' It -wies a gaHant ""crew; ^'Swiftly, with wouderfiil juetbod and discipline, tis, {Snfiad was obeyed. "3)11 one was found'un seaworthy, oind the icrowd of terrified passengere niore^h-ari|filled the others. 5 One's 'fihiiice ior life jirooM -he slim indeed ! Was it in the body or the'spirit I«hould spe^d'Ahc Christmas Eve I had promised 'with my cruel darling? i ' ' ....1 helped a few frightened, .women into the. boat, tlie 11 turned Uj\liink of self-pt-cMrvation.N 1 Isioutid a life preserver, ifastraied it bnjand lashed myself to a loose «par, .-which I though t would float. Then came a heavy,blow on my head—3 knew riot frbm-:'wiicnce—a sensation .of pain and numbness, and the world of sea and sky was. blotted out. : S;kaem no iiiore^ f"-;', jj . Moments.-.of partial -c6nsoio|isues6, followed hy'l^sesinto niy fo'rnieif state, are tlte dim rwiolle^0ns"5(tha±^liauiit me) of this period. Nor have I ever been sure^of Re time that .passed ere I in good "measure recovered: ! I opened my eyes on a strange scene. 1 wafe lying on a-bundle of straw, covered with a sheepskin ; above my head werij the rafters of a/jlow loghouse, and in the corner of the'room, on a broad, fla!t stone, smouldcred4he ashesy>f Ijwa^hloni-, Aiut in a few moments b fair-haired, hlUc-oyed girl,, in an 'unfamiliarcpstuiiyijentered'. ^.She utteretl an exclamation wlifen she epcountered my-look, and hastily ran to the dooV and called. I112 moment a woman and two men entered, and stood around me, plft^surff. evidently;, palta'teg. 05; -their faces,aud tiilkingvolubly in an unltnow|i tongue. Presentlyi the woman brought ine coffee in a wooden bowl. The sally beverage seemed to revive me, and jl drank it with avidity. Intheir humble way, none conld lie-kinder --thaii these poor people on whose hospitality I bffid; tbus:b?en <^t; ;^eak aB .I;wafl froii time for; me tp. .realise where 1 was, nor of cotiree, have ji ever learned the full details of those past weeks and <%*•. •- I! Suffice it tosay.that , at last been picked upl)y a^orwejg^an -fiahinc-; boafc, and TOy namie nd• nationali^ ynknowii (I ^ch anced to tave no papenl 1 ubout" pie, even could ioo^ of the crew); mei j^ifeL^^'^ana,'" "to the best of tbejr' ability,uuiied ine back to lifc. ' Sewn in the lining of my vest, I had a considerable number of bank-notes, which, incredible ns it may seem, and watersoaked through they had been, were yet available. All that was 011 my person was honestly relumed to me, and this enabled me, though in small measure, to repay the kindness of my hosts ere 1 parted from them. Returning memory and strength brought back to rue nil the past iu which Bessie was concerned, and I was. seized with a wild desire to see her once more, and fulfil , my promise of spending Christmas Eve with her. Already the winter was upon me, and little short o£ a miracle could - enable me to accomplish it. But fortune favoured. 1 landed Ulie day" before Christmas. The' ,'gay crowds were thronging the streets, the Christmas bells sounding in the air, as, sadly changed in appearance, and almost, overcome with a whirl of feeling, I stood that Christmas Eve upon tlio familiar steps, and the door yielded to. the key which all these months had lain in iny pocket, I drew slightly aside the portierewhich hung before the parlour-door,, and, myself unseen, gazed into, the room. - " But, my dear young lady, 'this is surely very unwise, to say the least"' (it was the vo'iceof the liiwyer in whbse hands I had.left iny will), " to refuse a, nice little property like that for a chimera !. Ail lovers have tlieirquarrels,, no doubt, but " I will not touch a penny of it,'" low but steadily sounded my darling's, voice. I could not see her.; " He promised to spend this ChristmasEve with me," she added, dreamily,, with something like a sob. The lawyer took a tnrn up and down, the room ere he,replied : " Far be it from me to deprive you of hope, but months have elapsed since the loss of the el on which he sailed, and: 110 wordi has come from him. It is not credible that he has survived. This property lies ut your command, and it was his. particular request that, if he did not return (we must all providte iii such, cases for our possible demise), the papers should on this special eveningbe placed in your hands." A movement, and Bessie stood in, the centre oE the room before me, pale and sad, but more beautiful then over.. How my thirsty soul, drank in, herloveliness! " He said that, living or dead;, he would be with ine to-night. If he is. dead, J drove him to it,.and 1 will gotohi 111!" I could wait no longer ;• forgetful of" consequences, I sprang , in the room.. With a wild cry, she threw up herarrns and fell into mine, extended to. receive her; We had kept our tryst. " Rough on Eats."-—Cleats out rats,. micc» roaches, fliea, ants, bed-bugp, beetles^ insects,' skunks, jack rabbits, simrrows,. gophers. At chemists and druggists... 4 1 Bochc 5?AtBA. }, T-Quick, complete euroall' annoying Kidney,. Bladder/ and;' ipirinary Diseases. At cbemistsaiid druggists. Fclton, Grim wade & Co^ Agents. Melbourne. Wells* Haib Balsam. —If gray, restores. to original' colour. An elogauf dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil uor grease. A Tonic Kestorative. Stops hair coming out;: strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp.. Skin* r Men.JVells' Hjealtti Eenewer" yestoTfis health ana.,v*igOT,' .cures!': Cyapftpaii, XmMfi&ce;,?iSexhsl • ^Ai chemists ana druggists. . Felfcoa, Grimwade & Co.,, Agents, Melbourne. « Rough On CoMJS?~Afik for Welle* " Bongb on Corns." Quick relief,.complete,, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At«; chemists : ajttd dniggists. r . , . ... " Rough Ok Pilks."—Why suffer' Tiles ?: Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed. Ask for M Rough on Piles." Sure curer {or itching, protruding,bleeding,, or any form of Files "Rough On Itch-"—"Rough on- Itch cures skin humours, eruptions, ring worm, tetter,, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains,, itch, ivy poison,, baiber'g itch. 4 1 Rough Ok Catarrh?' corrects offensive odours at once. Complete cure- of 'worst, chronio cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat,' foul breathi The sensible suggestion has been madethat all revolvers, -should "have a number' marked on them hear the'maker's name, and that the pumbers and names of purchasers, should' be entered in books whenever a weapon is sold. This precaution.^would have , the effect 6£i>lacing an obstacle in the wayof revolvers beiug so freely used, as they areat prescnt^i'-for. criminal purposes... It is: owiug to the" want of some procauUoh of the-, kind that a revolver, when picked up sear the sceue of a tragedy, forms no clue- to. ther discovery of the snurderer., 