POETRY, MORAY AND HIS THIRTY. March. 1313. Lone u the fair old City stands, the glory of the North; Long as " Kfng Arthur's Seat" o'erlooks the flashing of the Forth: . Long as o'er lovely Edinbro', qneens high her castled hold, Of Moray and his Thirty shall the gallant tale be told. St. Andrew's Cross was gleaming from many a taken wall. As Highland isle and Lowland glen rose to the Brace's call; Bat from Stirling and from Edinbro', in firm de fiance still. The English Hon flaunted tree, and told her Sove reign's will. Cold in his noble abbey, lay he whose son had set In clonds of stormy presage, the great Plantagenet; 'Mid favourites and fooleries, the weakly sapling lost All that the mighty oak had won—won at snch bitter cost. But still King Edward's standard from the Castle floated gay, And still the rock impregnable held Brace's best at bay, To loyal threat and loyal strength, laughed frank defiance down, Where Moray's baffled legions camped about the subject town. A soldier sought the warrior Earl, whora ready ear and wit Canght every rumour as it flew, and took the heart from it: "I have scaled the rock full oft," be said, "in boyish fears despite; Who is there, that for Brace's sake, will try my path to night 7' " Oh, ay, the road is perilous, craves wary grasp and tread, And once a sentinel look down, by Mary, we were sped) Bnt the moon is at her birth I wot, the clonds heap in the west. To dare and die—to dare and win—for Scotland, which were best!" "Bight art thou," flery Moray said, and to his soldiers spoke, And, is they heard, an eager cry from every squad, ton broke; Bull many a stalwart trooper felt croased hope was "--"to 1" hard to bear, As Bandolph chose his Thirty, from the host of beroeB there. The moon hung dim and haloed above the tossing Firth, The wind swept with a muffled moan across the frost-bound earth; And from the driving wrack of clouds ths light idfar. gleamed faint and As, in black robes, the Thirty met round Moray's silver star. High up in Edinbro' Castle, secure the English slept; Their dreary rounds the sentinels in careful order And creeping, straggling upwards, nerves, sinews, allastrain, Clomb Bandolph and his Thirty, their glorious prize to gain. " Below there, oh! I Bee you," a soldier cried in jest; I trow the throbbing pulses froze in every warrior Tet, nor stir nor cry betokened their deadly peril, when The loosened crag came bounding down, 'mid Moray and his men. Then rose the cry of wild surprise, of desperate darkling fight, As, like ghosts 1 the bold invaders sprung upon that guarded height; ef war " * 1 ' "—*— «—= Brief was the fuxiouB struggle, as, startled from their rest, Unarmed, amazed, the English met each fierce, un bidden guest. And when the lingering morning broke upon the Castle Bock, The ruddy Lion ramped no more, the Scottish breeze to mock; And when King Bobert to his feast bid the captains of his host, " To Moray and bis Thirty," he pledged the crown ing toast. j —All the Tear Round* 