( S P O R T I N G * The following items are taken from the " SportingTfotesf in last week's Observer:— The weights for tie Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup duly came to hand on Monday, and backers can now set themselves to work*to solve the popular Newmarket mystery, though, as the Caulfield meeting on February 13.must throw a deal of light on the matter, betting will be dull until that iB over. _ The top weight, Malua, is the first stumbling-block to be got over. Mr. Barnard has let him off with 9 st. 12 lb., which is only 3 lb. more than he carried when he won the Melbourne Cup, and 6 lb. less than he was awarded in the Newmarket last year. Fit and well it is easy to see thai Malua is very likely to beat everything down to 8 st. With 9 st. 7 lb. in the saddle he simply cantered in tor the Oakleign Handicap (5§ furlongs) two years ago, and since then with 9 st. 1 lb. in the saddle he ran Newstead to a head over 6 furlongs, which the winner covered in 1 nun. 14 sec. Nearly every one who saw that struggle up the straight will agree with me that Newstead was lucky to win, and taking time as a test— and it should be a pretty reliable line over a straight six furlongs—Malua on that form should be able with 9 st. 12 lb. to equal his 1 min, 15J sec. record in 1884, and if he does that he will win. Since the son of St. Albans was beaten by Commotion in the Essendon Stakes last March he has been somewhat mysterious. Foulsham, who trained the horse for. all his races, has not got him now, and it is understood that Mr. Inglis is training him himself. Whether he is well or ill no one outside the stable knows, and backers will act wisely in leaving Malua alone until they can get definite information as to his condition. Grace Darling may not be quick enough in getting on her lees to carry 9 st. 3 lb. near the front, and Middlemarsh ought to be stopped by 9 st.; but Mozart is a brilliant horse, and if fresh and well on the day he may prove troublesome. Coronet is a horse weight will not trouble, but I am doubtful about his standing the necessary preparation. Lower down Honeydew, 8 et. 9 lb., strikes the eye as a horse that must possess a great chance if he can be brought to the post in his early spring form. The Ghost ought to run . well with 8 st. 7 lb. He just beat Sir Garnet for fourth place last year when carrying 7st. 131b. Coronet has to allow Mr. Reid's horse 19 lb. for this beating, but The Ghost only gets 2 lb. from Middlemarsh, who certainly gave him a more decisive beating than this poundage represents. William Tell and The Israelite at 8 st. 6 lb. have got their share of weight without being harBhly used, but Uralla seems well taken care of at 8 st. 5 lb., or 5 lb. less than Le Grand earned into second place when Malua won. Bis-Bis, every one Eays, has never been the mare she is now, and I daresay the best of Tothill's lot will be bad to beat, but 8 st. 4 lb seems quite as much as Bis-Bis is entitled to. Solo must not be despised at 8 St. 2 lb., and both Winchester and Claptrap read well at 7 st. 11 lb. Lowet down the absolute pick of the handicap is Sir Garnet, 7 st. 6 lb., but Mr. Mayo will have a difficulty in getting him well. Last year the brother to The Assyrian was just beaten by The Ghost for fourth place. He now receives for that beating 23 lb. from Tbe Ghost, 85 lb. from Middlemarch, and 43 lb. from Coronet. This is peculiar handicapping with a vengeance. Squireen (7 st. 4 lb.), Marie Louise (7st. 3 lb.), and Xantippe (7 sc. 3 lb.) are a dangerous trio. All sorts of stories regarding the wonderful ability of Xantippe are flying about, and if she can beat Claptrap and Merrime at the weights Mr. Whittingham may go very near landing another Newmarket. At 7 st. 2 lb. Juanna has a very taking appearance. In the spring she was all to. pieces, but she may be herself again on the 27th of next month, and if so her chance will be a very good one. Copra (7 st. 2 lb.) is one of the speediest mares we have seen, but Bhe seems to he too delicate to stand training. Evie is another brilliant filly that has got off well. As a two-year-old, when in Mr. Fennelly's stable, she was wonderfully smart, but James Wilson, jun., has not got a race out of her so far, Burrilda (7 st 1 lb.), Umbra (6 st. 13 lb.), All Gold (6 st. 12 lb.), Astrea (6 st. 12 lb.), and Leporello (6 st. 10 lb.), have all done pretty smart things in their time, but I have more fancy for that great fine mare Girofla, who is fairly thrown into the race at 6 st. 9 lb. Whether this filly will be served up for this race as the representative of the powerful party who follow the fortunes of Coffey remains to be seen, but if she be a genuine candidate on the day there is nothing in the race I would rather trust. Last year when not backed for a copper she ran second to Juanna for the Hopeful Stakes, but whereas Mr. Grant's mare has stood still since, as far as appearances go, Girofla has grown into a great raking mare that m&y; be found capable of doing big things in the handicap line of business. Ulalume is a smart filly, and Corday's form in Sydney on Tuesday shows that she is in something like the form she showed as a two-year old—Delamia is another smart filly of whom I hear good accounts, and Perchance, St. Odille, and Islander are a trio from which danger may come. Taken right through, the handicap appears a good one, though South Australian owners have nothing to thank Mr. Barnard for. Tarpeia is very badly used, and so is Childe Harold, while The Israelite, Bis Bis, Gratitude, and St. John are all well taken care of. The Australian Cup will not come in for much attention until the Newmarket Handicap is over, and even then the public will not be disposed to meddle with the long race unless Nordenfeldt is scratched, as Mr. White's colt is sure to be a great public fancy if the stable elect to run bitn instead of keeping him fresh for the Champion. For my own part I should deem it almost certain that the Derby winner will be an absentee for the Australian Cup, unless the opposition to him for the champion race dwindles considerably. Malua if in form would probably be made favourite for this race with 9 st. 9 lb. to carry, but he must be left out of any calculations made at the present time, and if Sardius is ready by March 41 should count him' capable of taking care of everything down to Nordenfeldt. Mr. Barnard has reduced Off Colour to 8 st. 4 lb. which should give the little brown a chance if he has not gone to the bad altogether. Matchlock looks fairly well at 7 st. 9 lb., and so do Sandal and Stornaway. The latter is very likely to be a strong order on the day, as Lang is very partial to Australian Cups, and there can be no doubt about Stornaway being fail form when at his best. Ben Bolt is another that strikes the eye, especially after Tempe's last victory, but I don't know that he is a horse likely to stay in good company. The Jewel, Affluence, and Metal may be heard ol in connection with the race before the day, but the Newmarket Handicap may bring to light some good horse about whom we at present know nothing. The Anniversary Meeting in Sydney last Tuesday was very successful in every way. Lord CaringtOD, who .promises to do great things for sport in New South Wales, was present," and he also attended at the cricket match and regatta. 3?he Queensland crack Drummer was made a 6 to 4 chance for the Hurdle-Raoe, and wa3 winning easily when be fell at the last hurdle, and let up Symbal, a rank outsider. Mr. Fennelly then commenced another very successful day by landing the Flying Handicap with his two-year-old Brigantine, and the Warwick Farm stable just pulled through with General Gordon in the January Stakes. The field for the Anniversary Handicap was hardly worthy of the .prize, as Tempe, Minerva, Battalions, and Cerise-and-Blue were the only good Animals which started, and they cannot be deemed anything like first-class. Backers fastened upon Minerva, Kathleen, and Tempe as the best in the race, and their judgment was verified, as tbe three mares filled ine places, and the allcoDquering Mr. White scored his third big handicap with Tempe, Hales rode the mare this time, and he kept her much nearer her horses than did Ellis when he lost the Carington Stakes on the daughter of Somnus. Ellington did not win tbe Selling Race as easily as usual, but Balmoral soored comfortably in the Ladies' Prize, and Adelaideane will notice with pleasure that Mr. Harry Acraman piloted the old horse. The Chairman of the A.J.C. (the Hon. J. White) is strongly opposed to the early racing of two-year-olds, and as the most successful racing man in the colonies hisopinion is likely to receive more attention than that of any other authority who never express himself on the subject. These are Mr. White's views on the question:—" The turf had deteriorated owing to the early racing of young horses. No early two-year-olds had been successful three-year- olds, and he could instance King's Own, Phcebe, 0sri2, Cairo, Honeydew, and many others. Many of these horses actually ran before they were two years old. The suppression of the early racing of two-yearolds was in the hands 01 the Committee, and he (Mr. White) merely thought out some suggestions. He would be glad to see two-yearold racing done away with before November 1, by which time the young horses would be better fitted for the early work. Grand Flaneur did not start until January, in which month Chester also made his first appearance. Navigator made his bow to the public on November 1; but Martini- Henry did not start as a two-year-cld. This question was an important one, and should demand their earnest consideration." The Sydney sportsmen have-not had any good old horses cf the Chester and Dagworth class for several years, and doubtless they regret this circumstance, but I doubt if the A.J.C. Committee will go the length of cutting the .Richmond Stakes out of the spring programme in accordance with Mr. White's views. C. Quin, the well-known jockey, who has been identified with the dt. Leonard's steble so long, is the latest sporting identity who has left South Australia. Quin has gone to try his fortune in New Zealand, and I have no doubt he will get on there, as there is no steadier lad in the colonies, and he is a fine horseman. Mr. MacDonald leaves for Melbourne on Tuesday next with Belmont, The Israelite, Trojan, and The Levite. When he arrives at Flemingtonhe will also take charge of Childe Harold and Bishop. Mr. Crozier goes over to-dav (Saturday), and will remain until after the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. Mr. W. A. Filgate leaves about the 9 th with Tarpeia, and I suppose Mr. Gordon will sail about the same time with Sandal. " Hermit," in the Sydney Sportsman, says: —"The arrival of Sir Modred in America caused quite a flutter of excitement amongst the sportsmen there, and not only did the grandson of Traducer and Idalia create a favourable impression, but he was pronounced on all sides to be the grandest specimen of a thoroughbred ever seen in the States. The horse was landed in capital condition, and the Breeder and Sportsman pays a high tribute to the judgment of Mr. Loire for selecting snch a magnificent animal. His owner, Mr. Biggin, is immensely pleased with his purchase, and as the feeling of rivalry between the breeders of the Eastern and Western Statesruns very high, it is quite probable that ere long the fame of Sir Modred will send other purchasers in want of a high-class sire in the direction of Australia." At the recent summer meeting of the Auckland Racing Club £35,000 passed through the totalizator. The winner of the Auckland Cup, Nelson, paid a dividend of £50 17s. for each £2 invested, which is not bad, but the amount drawn by Mr. Smith, the only supporter of D.O.D. in the Goodwood Handicap of 1881, is still the " boss" thing in totalizator dividends. Two South Australian-bred horses were successful at Elsternwick on Saturday. Breeze, by the Englishman out of Catspaw, and therefore fall brother to Telephone, winning one of the handicaps, while Union Jack, by Ace of Trumps, landed the Steeplechase. I have to acknowledge the receipt of Oxenham's " Turf Register," for January. The annual meeting of the Trotting Club is to be held on the first of next month. I believe the club talk of coming out with a attractive programme for a meeting to be held in the autumn. A race meeting will be held at Balaklava on Saturday, February 20. The principal race will be the Balaklava Handicap, of 20 sovs. One mile and a half. The totalizator paid some good dividends on the third day of the Launceston Meeting. In the Tasmanian Racing Club Handicap (iranville paid £15 16s., and in the last race the; Vision dividend was £3 8s. In the_ first race a mistake was made •which gave rise tc. a good deal of dissatisfaction. The Argus report says:— In the totalizator there was a total of £358, but after the race only £258 appeared, and there was a strong demonstration against the conductor, who stated that an error was made through the man whosetthemachinecommencing his work too soon. He pointed out that the club representative who was looking after the totalizator had take the total as £358, and under the circumstances he would have had to pay that sum. The Stewards considered the explanation satisfactory; but the public did not seem half-satisfied." Bob Cooper was an even-money chance for the Steeplechase, and he had no difficulty in winning Rafter Kanaka fell. As n6ual, the Whyte Yarcowie Meeting will take place on March the 17th. The weights for Orroroo were made public last week. Jerry Sneak heads the list in the Hurdle Race, with 10 st. 10 lb., but Mr. Constable's old grey is very slow, and if Peru (10 st. 3 lb.) and B.C. (9 st. 8 lb.) go straight, one of the two ought to win, unless Tom Power can beat them with the selected of his pair. Sandal comes in for 9 st. 12 lb. in the Handicap, and this is not a pound too much for her, but Mr. Gordon will probably keep her for Melbourne. Exile would be dangerous at 9 st. if he was the Exile of two years ago, but recent running points to Joskin (8 st. 5 lb.) as being in better form, and I think this Countiyman colt very likely to be returned the winner. The first Hurdle Race will give a good line for the Corinthian race, and I know nothing about the trotters. Acceptances and general entries are due on February L The full programme for the Carrieton Meeting to be held on the 4th of next month, appears this week. B.C. is the only withdraw from the Hurdle Race, and if he jumps kindly Peru may land this race for the Messrs. Robertson. Sandal has retired from the Handicap, leaving Exile at the top of the tree; but I must give my vote to Joskin, and tru&t; Exile and Czarina to get places. Bythe-bye the bandicappers at Orroroo and Carrieton differ very much^ as to the abilities of Snip and Little Boz. The Members' Handicap should go to Exile while Czarina and Neptune may follow Mr. Cleary's little horse home. T. Jones and J. King, the trainers, got into trouble at Elsternwick on Saturday. They abused Mr. Warne, the owner of The Ace, and the Stewards evidently thought the case a serious one, as the Caulfield worthies were ordered to pay £20 and £30 respectively. This should teach them to keep their tongues quiet in future. Mr. Jordan, who attended the Morambo sale, returned to Adelaide on Wednesday. Mr. Hutchison stopped the sale when about 400 horses bad been quitted, and I believe he has retained all the best brood mares and all the stud horses except Morambo, who was bought for 500 guineas by Mr. Jordan. I believe the horses sold were a very good lot, taken all round. I understand the Committee of the Trotting Club have made up their mind to remove the sentence of disqualification from Tom Power, who got into trouble over the Janet and Norma affair. Many people think that Power was rather unlucky over this business, but under the circumstances the Committee felt bound to take some action. The punishment meted out to Power will doubtless make him careful to keep clear of trotting plots for the future. Power is now located in G. H. Read's former premises at Carrington-street, where he has several useful jumping nags in hand. Mr. McClory has forwarded me a copy of the report and balance-sheet of the S.A. Trotting Club for the year ending February 1,1886. The total receipts for the year have been £992 19s., and the club has a credit balance of £1$819s. This is a very satisfactory state of affairs, and I am glad to see by the report that the committee intend to widen the scope of the club's operations this year. There sfcould be a very good day's racing at Jamestown on April 7. Tbe programme consists of seven events, the added money amounting to £160, which is a very respectable sum for a country meeting. The Jamestown Handicap, of 60 sovs., is the principal prize, and there is a Hurdle Race of 30 sovs. It is a pity the committee introduced that condition insisting upon a qualification fee of £1 Is. being sent with nominations. As a rule owners pay quite enongh in travelling expenses and entries without being called upon to make an extra subscription towards the fundB. The hitherto unlucky Claptrap won the Geelong Gold Cup in handsome style on Thursday. No one will begrudge Mr. Whittingham the run of luck which is attending his colours this season, as there is no better sportsman in Australia, and his disappointments with PrometheuB, Larpent, Claptrap, Merrimu, &e.;, in the last few years would have sickened'many racing men. The field at Geelong-on Thursday was not a strong one bv any means. Mr. J. D. Robertson's colt F.F., by Napoleon, out of Ellen IL, won two handicaps. Hitherto this colt has run badly, and it is singular that the form which many knew him to possess should be exhibited in public directly the Newmarket weights were declared. With F.F., Solo, and one or two others, the Kingston stable holds a strong hand for the short handicaps of the autumn. Mr. Bradshaw landed the Hurdle Race with Sinking Fund, who just succeeded in checking Insolvent's march of victory, and of course Maddelina landed the rich Produce Stake for Mr. Long. The English Tattensalls have decided that the Pattern bete follow the Stakes. Pattern won five or six hunters' races as a five-year old, and then it was discovered that he was six years old. Of course the horse was disqualified for all the races which he won, and as the iule relating to bets says that the horse mnst be of the right age before the bets can be separated from the stakes, Tactersall's held that the backers of Pattern for the races won by bim must refund. This is precisely the decision our committee gave some years ago in the St. Barb and Orator case. 