OUR SiTORY TELLER THE, MYSTERY OF THE M4AB$1H - Gerald Stewart. had.been a rising young, painter; his pictureshad been hung, and people who knew him, spoke of him as a eomingman.-.:;. ,. He .had~,, outh,; good "loot good birth, suficient. money tolive upon without 'wbrk ing andwas a rising man in his profession. ret.e all,at once, in the 'middle of Ithe season, he. pecked a k.'ape~t, left a:few P.P.C. cards, and iuitted town, aoboidy knew hhy or r whereiforen , . . People raised their eyebrows, and.looked as if they could speak if they chose ; but'io tedy did-for the very good reason'that no body.knew anything on.which to founde vei asuppositiosi. - . -ver since th. Geald y had been 'deadto the,,t-wrld, wandering about, the country with hisknapsack and.his coldr,. tayieng a few days here and a,wreek there, as faney permpted him., ui p ror Of course his, friand talked eabouthim at bottom of it; others suggested an .eatngle4 ment.with a married lady, ivhose platonic, love-was becoming a little too warm ;buht.iei the end a general verdict of eccentricity was arrived at. t By-the-bye, tlbis isn o tersythe case. If a man does anything that his friends cannot nderstand,; wears anything that they, do not. or allows himself in any way to slip out of the groove of conventionality, he is im medlately.voted ec.ntric.; - - - , ,. VWe remember a most excellent fellow wht received this character be?_ase'hi:wohld in. sist upon carrying a thici bamboo cane. that was of some anseitance to hiuiI - wlking; :instadl of the absurd switehes which hap pened to be infashionat that'thme. i .Towards nightfall .tMr Emmsa returined hime ;he had been to Woalwich' on boii ness.; and after lie had his tea he joined Stewart in the' publicparior. " , A little later on, two men belonging to barge came.in, and entered into the conver By, degreii Gerald succeeade in 'bringin it round to the Marsh House, and then came everybody's experoence of the m3 story., E mn's necoufnt was substantially the same so his wife's ; and the lounger hargee's was only hearsay, what others had seen.- , The elder hagee was oovery silie tfor'sme time,.puffing big clouds of smoke fromi hin pipeand listening to what the others had' to say. .. At length he put down his long clay, and observed. with a solemnity that could not but carry- force with it, tlIt's all' very well, mates, to talk about what other people see'd and what they say'they'e sied, but this is 'true mark you, I've see'd it myself " S'What did you see, Mvr:Martin!' eagerly inquired Emms. , , . . -TWhy, it was in this way.'replied'the old man, "One night, about six months ago, I was hound up the river, but the tide torned and I ha' to bring up just off the House. 'I turned in and hdai sleep, and about two o'clock in the iorning I was awake and- up on decl a-waiting. for the, tide to turn. All at once I heard a shie. ' It ieren't an ordinary'shriek, mind you. but one of those that seems to go right through you. "Ih ooked orer towards the bank, and there throush the fog and nist, I could just make out the figger of a woman dressed all in white. , h e / oWhile I wds loohin'. sormthing like a ana,but awfully big, about ten t feet high, rose just behind her, laid.hold of her bh the hair of her head- and then they both disap peared, withl another shriek, that was on -dreadful piercing that it made my blood, urdle, and, old as I am, brought the tears into my eyesr. 'That's what Ii rio my;self,' concluded the old mann; and,if need be, aouldi wear to l it on the boo!?.' . - - - Tierrna s-o feoiSsod milaii eaiitlcde which was broken by Gerald, who said, "What sort of a person is this Mr Wyatt, who is in charge I Ishepleasant? WVold he allow me to look over the House? 'PleasantY repeated Emm, with agrim nmil.- About as pleasant as a steel trap. He kceps two bulldogs. and directly any stranger comes near the place-which, as you msea queue, ain't often--hle''lets 'em loose. and thenits a case of look out for squalls.' I remember once going oup to the House to ask for a drink of, water,'- observed the younger baigeman, 'and he pot his head out of the wivnder; and showed me a: gun, a-iayin' if I didn't clear out in two minute he'd fire at me. And an it was, he let the dogs loose and one of. them nearly made his teeth meet in my calfl' - S'I can remember Wyatt,' 'remarked-old 3IMartin, 'when he -asn't such a had,sort; but that cas before ha and his mlssis"-wa took on at the House. No doubt that sort of thing must tell on a man, you .know. I shouldn't like to sleep in the same house nas ghost myself.' a " HBe' a bad lot, Mr Martin--tlhat'e what ie is said Ememee, emphatically. 'And look at that son of his, .lie's jost such another. Why, he.can't open?is' month without cursing or swearing at something or other.!'; - . ' What's he doing now-the son V inquired Martin. - ? don't know l ih'away'up. i? London,. answeced Emma. 'But he coines down every week or so, and comes in herewith his irs and his graces, calling for brandy and then spitting it out as if it waspoison. Oh, he's a chip of the old. block'l and, "like his father, he ain't noa good'" : S oon after this the two bargees had to go aboarid.their craft, and Gerald .retired-to bed ; butthe mystery of the Marsh House had obtained such" a hold upon his imagina tion, that it was many hbour before he "could got to sleep..- . And when the mantle of the, drowsy god .adi fallen upoei'eim, his dreams. were of the ione subject. . SHetras continually ceering foe the clue to the euitery, Ihtin',vai?.a He perceived the woman dressed in .iheite but just as bhe was hbout tdo eiieie'if,' il? melted into thin air. He obtained an hntry tlo-the heouse, and cas'about'to search it 'when suddenly'his feet were glued to the floor. .He was onable to d?e?en and the old man "t yatt wras ap deS eryg cdncei?iablet'drm of nightmare did. he suffer that night ; and when he. awoke in the morning he was unrefreshed, hut full of a mighty detoinination to"peotrate the uiystery.'and si the ' libost,' if thern wan oneto booseen'- '- ..' I After 1breakfast4,'Gerald Stewart lirhted' Lte pipe ad started:off towesiudthe fiarsb IlHouse,, - - .Itwas a laeg, rod-bridk buildiig,; 'nearly eo?are in uhapo. and four s'toreys high.; it was utrrouanded by'a gr'assgrown garden. ensell by. paling fence from the marush On bae sidewi-at a small stiable, eocihouseb Thewindouws iere eronsd "evith; beg banrse and,' witd the exception of three on' thee ge-ued-floor, the. houtters c·eret eosel al overrthehouse plating the honse of eystery ; th'en,' lifting the latch, heuentred and walked elowly up tothefront door. \- Thereivas" neither ell." nro i n'rknker ?ith irhich t no.nmmon anyone, and Gerald wiar forced' tcorapviti his knuetleslr . H ?,e- ilti npsead' n way. a? the;nbe auning'impatiat, hbe iaOrmenced Licking at the maccite oak. which, liken pnrion ole? w-s taddedwithid, iran This roused orebholy inside, a wn ndou: opened, andsa toce .ccaimed, ?" Who" aee yoercnd what due-von want" - " aIsmastrangre- replied Geralod, back eng away freni the deer in ieder to bteaini a look at the" pcrao nli.a orad:':i~drensn hie, uRsoll wast to yproa ou c fofiimhutc' cl~oeo tird rcik a.~ tear irearwt un~dngpiy sTrken eyes, over which the brow was wrinkled with' what seemed to be a chronic "'The owner of:the iopreposessiong head should hare been :pr ed.` of enormous strength, for his huge'shosilders seemed to fll p -the' whole breadth.of the window throngh'which ed was looking . 'I're got no time to talk to strangers,, _aid.the man, surlily.. -'If you've comei.on blusliness, ohtwith it ;if not, you better get •way wnas you'can.' r . "::' , , o y b osiness is to ask your,permission to make two or three sketches of your strange old house : andiif '.-.. :-'-?f,' interrupted the man=--' no ! There' your answer, and now be off. ,; :. .' But"really- 'began Gerald, slightly indignant. . ::t,.: S'"illyou go when Itell you .: ;: .'Look- here, Ir Wyatt- for:I suppose ?t'sa: your name,' exelasmed .Geralde y?ou're a surly old. bear; and ifydou don't know how to treat a gentleman whenyon see one, you ought to be taught., ,: :l , : Before, Gerald hadafinhsbed,the .window was closed with a bang, and old V.Wyatt dis appeared. (T0 enntooiucd. 