NOTES ON VERSES. Ver. 1. Nicodemus belonged to the Council called the Sanhedrim. Two other references are made to this Jewish ruler. One in vii. 50, when he defends Christ against the unjust views of the Jews ; the other xix. 39, where we find him taking part with those who would have embalmed the body of Christ. Ver. 2. At first he was a timid but sincere inquirer, convinced of Christ'a mission, but not fully understanding His doctrine. It seems no empty compliment when he calls ChriBt " Rabbi. Not many of this man's rank sought Christ's personal teaching "Not many mighty, not many noble are called" (1 Cor. i. 26-31). Nicodemus had been favourably influenced by our Saviour's miracles. Ver. 2. Christ was not influenced by his com pliment, but used this private interview to impart deep spiritual instruction. " Rabbi"—my Master. Nicodemus owned Christ as such. Ver. 3. This case illustrates the truth of the divine birth named in i. 12, 13. John the Baptist preached that Christ was th© grt?at Baptis&r; in the Holy Ghost (Matt. iii. 9-12). Christ's "Verily, verily" (Amen, amen) strongly affirms the great importance of the doctrine of the new birth. " Bom again," or from above, as the Greek and the margin have it. Christ taught that a man can neither " see " the kingdom (ver 3), nor enter into it ("ver 5), without this birth. The deep need of this spiritual change is the more evident because Nicodemus was not a low, impure man, but a religious man according to his light. Similar cases— Saul of TarsUB (Phil, iii 5-7), and Cornelius, the devout centurion (Acts x. 2-6 ; 34 43) Ver. 4. " Sow can a man be bom again v:hen he is old?" Some think that Nicodemus imagined that X/hrist meant to teach the doctrine of transmigration of souls, an idea prevalent amongst heathen, Gentiles, Jews (see John ix. 2). Others think the allusiou to be to the change from Gentilism to Judaism, the Proselytes in such cases being spoken of as being born again. Ver. 6. " That which is born of the flesh," &c.; The literal and ceremonial sense of the words " born again " are both barred by the assertion that " like will beget its like," so that flesh will never rise higher than flesh, while spirit cannot sink lower than itself. As a master in Israel (ver. 10), Nicodemua ought to have been better able to have grasped the idea of the new birth. Ver. 8. " The wind bloiceth " The mode of the Spirit's cparations is, like the wind, beyond our comprehension; but its effects and results are obvious and demonstrable. Wind cannot conceal itself, nor can the new life remain an unknown force in the man Christ showed (vers. 11-14) that the great spiritual change in man could only be described by earthly things (or images), which ought to have been helpful, especially to a Jew, and a Jewish teacher. Purely abstract spiritual or heavenly language would be beyond human comprehension (ver. 12) ; but there was one to whom these things were fully known, and Nicodemus must acknowledge this in his newly-discovered Rabbi, Christ (vers. 13, 14). Christ had come down from heaven, and was even then, as it were, "in heaven." Mark how strong an incidental declaration of Christ's divinity is contained in this statement, viz., the Omnipresence of His nature, and none but God can exist in more than one place at once ; but He fills heaven and earth. Ver. 14. " As Moses lifted up the serpent," <£c He came down from heaven that He might be lifted up for man on the Cross, as the serpent was lifted up for the bitten Israelites. The comparison, or type, in this case was not between the serpent and Chriat, or the serpent and sin, but in the Divinely, appointed lifting up. And the type was grandly suggestive of the supernatural and mysterious in the Antitype. No Israelite could understand the mode of action in His caee, so no man could understand the secret of the new birth, or of the efficacy of the Atonement. Yet both had a solution which ought to have been satisfactory, viz., the Word of God ; His command and His promise. There is nothing in the most profound mystery to hinder faith if we accept the testimony of God. (Note the bearing of these illustrations on the invster)' of iho doctrine of Christ. Show that thore scarcely. a path in nature which is not involved iu> mystery, though believed and acted upon. The ciy of mystery against Christianity is only the declaration of personal disaffection towards the Divine operator._f POINTS GATHERED UP. 1\. Rome persons have Social or official obstacles to their coming franklv to Chrfst. -Apply to the case of young men and wom<j>a\in situations and amongst worldly companions. i „ 2\. Christ will- not despise secret ana private seekers if they be sincere. r 3\. The most sincere inquirers have, much to leam. Caution the young seekers against fletting.thl*. 4\. The Saviour was most serious and spiritual His dealing with all inquirers. See this case and that of the woman of Samaria. Let this fact be a lesson and admonition to all soul-winners. 5\. No forms or rites, however Scriptural, can regenerate the soul, much less human ceremonies. Even the Old Testament prefigures this fact (Ezek. xxxvi. 26, 27 ; Psa. li. 12). 6\. The Holy Spirit is the true agent in thiB great change (vers. 5-8). John's baptism was prominently before the Jewish mind at the time (see Matt. iii. 6-17) Therefore, Jesus insists on the Spirit's work as of chief importance (ver. 5). ThiB iB the birth from above. See the same doctrine, Titus iii. 5 ; Gal. vi. 15 ; Eph. iv. 23 ; 1 Peter iii. 23 ; John i. 12, 13. 7\. This birth may be sudden—see case of Paul; or gradual, as in the case of Mary, who from early life had enjoyed a religious training. 8 Seriously insist on the necessity for this change for all. 9\. This new birth is a beginning of eternal life, and will be followed by spiritual growth unto that life. Its signs are : new views of sin ; new views of self; new views of Christ; new and conscious rela tions to God as children and heirs. 