MARTIN REVERIE'S . DIAMOND. Au. lllunTA llESEUVED.J A NOVEL BV" ADELINE SERGEANT. Author of 11 Jacohi'.s Wifk," Ac. CHAPTfiit LI.— What Cioelv Said. "Bo you know, daddy, J.'vc something to tell you." " Have you, Will ? Out with it then." " I wonder whether you'll be angry," said "Will, reflectively. (Hies Kinglako laughed. " I don't feel as if I could ho antrrv with anvbddv to-dav." he said. For the wcarv while of his imprisonment had come to its natural end. Carnforth's story had exonerated him ; the prison doors had opened — lie was free once more. And this was the iirst day of his return home, aud he was devoting himself to AY ill, whom lie had not seen since the day of his arrest. As for Will, it seemed as if he never could be tired of gazing ut his father with admiring, loving eye, of 'holding his hand, und being cradled iu Kinglake's strong arms. No oue was admitted to their con ference. They sat iu the library, and rejoiced in each other's presence, auu were oblivious of the outer world. AVill, at least, was oblivious; his father, perhaps, not so much so. (riles was somewhat changed from his old self. There were more lines upon liis brow, more grey haiis mingling with the brown of his hair and beard than heforo that dreary sojourn of his in Newgate, lie bad lost flesh, and looked like a man who had undergone a considerable trial of nerve and spirit. His friends wanted hnu to go abroad and take a long holiday, but lie had returned them somewhat doubtful aud discouraging nuswers. u I have a lot of time to make up," he said, with a shake of his bend. "One has plenty of spare time in Newgate, but one doesn't feel inclined to sit down aud write a book there. Better if one did. But I'm all behiud and must wake up for -Master Will's sake." . With Will in his arms, however, lie looked like himself aguiu. And as they sat thus, Will had mentioned, with some show of reluctance aud reserve, that he hud a thing to say uut.o his father. " Go on then," said Giles. " Daddy, you're cpdie sure you love me?" " QuiteV' " " Better than anybody in the world ?" " Well — yen." "That's all right," said AVill, in a reassured tone. " Then you won't mind what Fin going to tell you. Father, ALiss Cicely Lorraine came to see me when you wove away." " A'ery kind of her, Will." "I don't think that it was kind at all," said Will sturdily. "Kb? AYhy not, old boy ?" " Because it'was all her fault," said AVill, with a sudden catch in his voice ; "because if you hadn't beeu going to see her, you never would have been accused of killiug anybody, aud — "Will." The boy stopped short at tho sound of his father's voice; it was quiet, culm, gentle as usual, but it was also grave and cold. He caught his breath again, aud listened. " Will, never let me hear you say any such thing again. It is foolish ; it is unmanly ; it is uugeutlcmnn-like. Aliss Lorraiue to blame, in deed ! AVhy, my dear little lad, you linwt be dreaming." His gravity died away. He laughed a little as be concluded, aud kissed the boy's forehead. "You're nn absurd little monkey," he said. " But I told her so," saul Will, in a whtsper. " Told her so ? Told her that it was her fault V" " Yes, father." There wiU a little sileuce. AVill dared not look at his father's face. The pause seemed like an eternity to him. "Oh," said Giles, presently. Then in a dry tone : " I snppo.se you apologised afterwards." "No, I didn't." Will answered, si ill below his breath. " Aud I don't want to, either." He rather expected to iind himself put down out of bis father's arms upon tho sofa after that response ; perhaps he would ltavo beeu under other circumstances, but Giles could not be angry with him just then. "So you've left that part of the business for me to do, have you V" he said, somewhat grimly, after another pause. " You, father V" " Of course. If you wou't apologise for rudeness to a lady, I must." And Giles stretched out his hand for a sheet of writing paper. It was only a feint on his part, for he could not have written without putting WiU away from his lcncc, and he made no at tempt to do this. But Will was of course deceived. " Oh, daddy," he cried, "I'll do it. I'll tell her I'm very sorry." "Aud I ltope you arc very sorry," said Giles, trying to mauagc a little severity of tone. i Yes— T. think. so," AVill was evidently hot very sure. " But—daddy— wasu'c . it roally true?" " Certainly not. No more than it was your own fault;, AVill. AVho begged me to go down to Ladywcll and present Miss Lorraine with that rosary ? Thu matter came in the natural course of events : nobody was 1 to blame ' fur it. Gome, iny boy, don't cry." l'or WiU had suddenly burst into tears, and was clinging to his father's neck as if he could never bear to let him go. Kinglake felt remorseful for tho words which lie himself had spoken without very much thought ; and did not leave off: potting and soolbiug the boy till lie was calm again. By und by, however, he 'led AVill on to talk a little more about Aliss Lorraine. "Was ALiss Lorraiue very much vexed with you?" he asked. " No, I don't think so," said AVill. " She cried. But we got to be very good friends, although I didn't apologise, father. 1 asked her to come again." " L shouldn't think she did — if you had been so impertinent." "Oh, but she did. She liked coming. She liked talking about you, daddy." Giles kept silence. "She said," continued AVill, clinging lovingly to liis father's neck, " linn, she thought you were the best man in all tlie world. Anu so you are." " Far from it, Will." " Yes you are. And she thinks eo too. But I could not help telling her what I thought." " I'ui very sorry you did that, Will," said Giles, gravely ; although he little guessed the length to which AVill had gone in the com munication of his views to Cicely. " It was no business of yours, you Uuqw. ALiss Lorruiuu is a friend of mine." " Ye.?, so she said," murmured Will. " And T. told her vou said she was a sweet and gracious ladv." . _ : . " A'ou're a sad chatterbox," said his father. "I shall have to make humble apologies to Miss Lorraine, I see, for your indiscretions." And then he changed the subject, but he did not easily forget what AVill had said. He had had a good deal to think of during tlie last few days ; a succession of events of the greatest, interest to him had naturally occupied much of his attention. Ilis owh releittfo had of course boon one of them; there had also been Lady Kleanor's disappearance from .Liulywoli, and Clifford Arargrave\s death, caused by bis murderous attempt to drown his enemy, Philip Lorraine. Then he had learnt that Lady Kleauor was ill at llcuslcy's Hotel, and that Airs. Lc Breton was nursing her; and that PhiKp, if not actually in attendance, was at auyrate always at the same place. In this case iie conld not wonder that he had heard nothing very lately from Lndywell ; lie had not seen l'hilip since the day when lie had beeu obliged to attend in order to give certain evidence to the authorities, and even Air. Anthony Lorraine seemed to have forgotten him. Of course Cicely could not write. He did not want to hear from her, lie told himself uneasily ; it would bo better for him to hear uo more of any of the Lorraines or of Lady well ; he would go abroad with AVill, and make himself happy in some out-of-the-way part of Kurope, where no body would interfere with the quiet life thai lie loved. The south of France, Italy, Cairo ; places such as t hese would suit AVill and Him self. He was decidedly out of tunc.; it change would do him all the good iu the world. He gave his orders to ITauuali ; he imbued AVill with a wild desire to travel iu foreigu lands ; lie began to pack up his books and paper. And then the thought took possession of him that he'eouhl uot leave his nativo country without saying farewell to Ladywcll. AVas it to Lady well, or to one of its inhabitants ? He did not say a word to AViU about his ex pedition. But one afternoon — by some freak of fancy he eliose the very train by which ho had lust gone down to Ladywcll — he set off: for the place with winch so many of his life's joys aud sorrows wci'e connected, in order to seo it us lie said to himself ouco , again— for the last time. JJe would never come again. Jie reached the station — he did uot shirk tho familiar road, nor. the well-known wood which would henceforth be kuown us tlie sceno of Lo Breton's murder hy Joel Bray. As he vouched the gate he noticed that a change was . ..already taking place. Some of; the trees were felled — there were piles of branches on tho grouud ; iu the distaucc the ringing stroke? of an fixe could be hoard, " It looks as if she meant to have it cut down," Raid Giles to himself. Poor Brale AVootl ! J. often searched it for birds' nests und wild orchids iu the spring. It will give pleas uro to nobody now, J. suppose. There is a1 trail of 'blond over Tho springing grasses, nnd tho 'birds havo all been seared from their nests in tlie abler trees. Better, perhaps, that it should perish from tho face of tho earth. It is strange how reluctant I feel at this moment to go down that path myself. One would think that I dreatle.l to meot poor La Breton's ghost at tho ond of it. 1. must conquer this 1" ' He pushed open the gate resolutely and walked down tho pnt h with a gru've and stead fast face. He recognised tho placo where ho iiiinsqlf had struck Lu Breton To the earth for some insult inj? sentence about Cicely ; he know from description tho very spot where Joel Bray sprang upon his enemy, .where Clifford Vur- gmve hud wutchcd ihe iray ami afterward had robbed the dying mnti, where Cnrnforth had hidden herself aud spied upon them all. He 'paused when he came near tho' gate iulo the park, nhd looked back. Tho sceno was full of vague, undeveloped beauty. AVinter was going ; The first flush. of early spring had began to color the branches ; the sunlight played amongst the delicate interlacing honghs, between which the faint blue of the sky showed itself without a cloud. It was one of those mild and cheerful Uuvs that come to us when we are expecting nothing but the rigor of cold east wind and frost and snow, the sunshine of which seems more kindly aud more beautiful tban the glow of a July noon, because we have expected it less and scarcely hoped for it at all. Giles was so much absorbed in thought that lie did not hoar the sound of a footstep behind him, the rustic of a woman's dress. Ho did not move for some time, and it was with a heavy sigh that lie at last turned round and laid his hand upon the gate. And then he found himself face to face with Cicely Lor raine. " Cicely !" he said in his surprise. Then he remembered himRclf. and flushed with embar rassment nnd vexation. He had- never called her by her Christian name before. " 1. beg your pardon," lie said, lifting his hat ceremoniously. But she held out her hand lo him with a look that told him he had no need to ask pardon ; she had not been oil'ouded by his breach of good manners ; her face was full of a joy that piade it beautiful to behold. " Need I say that I uin glad to sec you ?" she said, us she gave hiin her hand. He pressed it gratefully, but his eyes fell. Ho felt himself guilty and miserable in her presence— knowing what he meant to do, and being resolved to do it. "Come away from here," she said, "ami walk with me through the park." " A"ou are having some of the trees cut down, I see." " 1 am haviug tho whole wood cut down. In n few weeks there will not be a trace of it left. I will not have a single laudmark by which one can know whore— where that terrible thing took place." (to iik continued.) The following iiowa appeared iu uuly a |»orHou of yesterday's issue.) 