SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. The past fortnight in Parliament has been marked by steady work and an entire absence of any incident approach- ing sensationalism. Both Houses have devoted themselves to dutj -the Legis lit»e Council with the Irrigation Bill awl the Assembly with tho Estimates-and members have come to realise that in a few weeks the ond will bo at hand, when thej are to hav o reBt for tho summoi The Legislativ, o Council has Riven closo consideration to tho Irrigation Bill, and not only has it been read a second time, but all the clauses, eicoptmg thoso of first olass importance, h ive been igieed to This was an unexpected itsult, and is held to promise well foi piogiosB next week, when the House sits again Foi the most part tho criticism of the bill «as friendly, duo no doubt to tho fact that members who vvoio expected to bo antagonistic found, on oxamming it, that tlie clauses wore nioioiy foi machmory purposos, and did not authori80 tho constiuction of any works When this was nuido clear woik became easy The most impôt taut amendments to be proposed will bo to. secuie for tho Council equal powoi with the Assembly in the authorisation of schemes and to soften the rigoui of tho clauses dealing I with riparian lights One or two divisions i taken aheady on smaller pointa lia ve been largoly m fa\ our of the Goveinmont, but it is very likely that the voting will bo against them if thoy lesist the other amendments referred to Neaily the whole fortnight m tho Legislativo Assembly has been dovoted to the law estimates, w Inch m previous years havo boen invariably passed in a night lins time tioublo aioso m consequence of attacks on tho Land Titles otlice, which is under tho Attoinoj Genoial, and niombois found subject for much talk m ?what was declared to bo tho disorganised condition of that blanch When the debating on general grounds had ceased, the House was plunged into a peisonal issuo by an amendment by Mi Hall to roduco tho salary of the commissionei of titles from £1,800 to £1,D00 a year Tho chance was soixed by a number of membeis, who tlimk that popular favour is won by attompts to reduce laige salaries, and at ono time it cei tamly appealed as if tho i eduction would be carried Tho Govom nient urgod that ii gross broach of faith would bo committed with the commis sionoi (Mr ï)o Verdon) if his Balaiy w oro touched, becauso only a few mouths ngo ho was induced to givo up his piactico at the bar to acet.pt the position at tho piesont rate, and thoy weie just able to defeat the motion by 32 votes to 20 Another subject debated at length was as to whether oi not County Couit judges should bo compelled to live in thou dish lets At pieseut their Honoius hud it inoio convoment to resido m Mci bonnie, both for pitvate and pio fessioiml îeasons, but Ballaiat and Sandhurst aie aggrieved 'ilioy raisod a demand that the judges should bo requned to chango their homes, and the country party took it up and made such a demolish ation of strength that Colonel Smith thought it safe to move that the salants shonld only bo paid on condition that they should live m their districts Mr Gillies to a laigo extent sympathises with the moyoniont, but thinks that a hard and fast iule should not bo insisted upon \ccoidingly, ho suggested an addi tton to the amendment to the olloet that Hie judges should only bo compolled to hvo m their districts if public mtoiests sodomanded As thoGovoinmentwould in each caso havo to decido whethoi oi not publio interests îequired a chango, no harm would bo dono by the amendment as amended Colonel Smith accepted tho addition, being tfiud that if the Government op posed tho original pioposition it would bo defeated iho compiomiso satislied a laigo number of niombeia, but go\oial otheis expressed ontuo disappio\al of an) mtoiforenco whatever being attempted in tho duection of compolhn_ tho judges to lue m any particulardistucfe Colonol Smiths amondmont, with the addition bj Mi Gillies, was agreed to by 37 votes tolJ APPOINTMBN V OI A LIEUILNANi GOVI RNOlt. It w as announced on October 25 that His 3 xcellency the Governor bad received a tele Mam from the Secretary of State lor (lie Colonies, intimating that Her Majesty the Queen lind been pleased to appoint Sir W ii ham Foster Stawell late Chief Justice to the new diunty of Lieutenant Governor of Victoria Iho tollovving correspondence on the subject has been published - Government house, Melbourne 21th October, 1880 My Dear Chief Tustice, I am sure you will be glad to leam that tho Queen has been graciously pleased to approve of Sir William Stawell a appointment OB Lieutenant Governor of Victoria in recogni tion ot his lon¿ and great services in the colons, for, as you have informed me no one knows better than you do how (.rent those services have been, not onl} ot late yearfl, but during the early period of the history of this country 1 need scarcely add, as }ou are already acquainted with the fact that tina departure from the rule which his hitherto prevailed that the Chief Justice should be firat m the dormant commission, is bused solely on the ground o£ Sir \\\ illiam Stawell s exceptional claims to consideration Relieve me, my dear Chief Justice, yours very truly (Signed ) JlFVnv 15 Locu io His Honour the Chief Justice Bnghton October 24,1880 My Dear Sir Henry Loch - I acknowlede.0 with thanks the receipt of lourl xcellency a letter ol this date I lenrn from it with livelj satisfaction, that Her Majesty bit's been pleased, in view of his lon¿ and distinguished services to ap point Sir \\\ illiam Stuvvell to be Lieutenant Uovtrnorot Victoria It will afford me ¡.ratification in the event of your seeing fit to direct that your letter to mo should be made public, that my reply should accompany it Believe me, mj dear Sir Henry Loch, yours very truly, (Signed) GEO HiGiNuomAH His rxcellency Sir Henry B Loch, It C 13 ¡SOCIAL AND GLMHIAL His Excellent Lord Carrington and Lady Carrington, accompanied by Captain T W 1Vallin(,ton private secretary Loid Bertie, aide de camp Captain Sliernffe, and I leu tenant O G Williums arrived from New South Wales last 1 hursday afternoon Hie pirty leftSjdney on Wednesday afternoon mid reached Albury the same evening re >nntnin¿ there for the iiic,ht A special train, indeed at His 1 \celleney B disposal by the > let irinu litiilwai deiurtment conveyed the visitors from W odonyi to Melbourne, which v/ns readied nt 2 o clock Her Majesty g iron armour plated screw steamship JNelson the llnc,shin of Admiral Oeorc,e lr}on C li arrived in Hobsons Buy on Ihursdaj eicnuii, trom S}dne} Hie helson is un annual visitor to tins port, and us usual she comes round horn bilney to be dod ed and cleaned On 1 ndny afternoon last His Tvcellcnc} mid I ad} I nell entertained 2 000 guests nt a Milden pai t} in the (.rounds of Government ilouse Hie weather was delightful)} line in a tent on the lawn Lal} loch held a reception lord Carlington (Governor ot £evi r-Unth Wales) *5ii Wm Robinson (Governor of South Australia) Sir <jcoic.e Mrnlinn (Governor ot Jusinauia) lad} Lanniston Admual lr}on an I man} other oHtinj,mslied visitors from the adjoiiiuit, coi nuts berne, present His 1 \cellcnc} the. Governor visited Shep parton on October 27 in connexion with the Gi nid Ivational Show windi is being held . his }ear in that town At the ruilwnj station the viceregal pirty weie welcomed »5 a 1 irt,e gathering of the lesidents oi the district and, alter being driven tinou,h the tnii «ere talen to the show vards His J tce'llciic}, in replying to the toast of his neilin said that it was Ins desire to visit evtiy portion of the colonies, and see as mum ot the a¡,ncultural shows as hepossibl} e ni I ' A joint message from the Governors of the Australian colonioa haa been forwarded to the Secretary of. State for the Colonies, Mr Stanhope, requesting information as to the Btens proposed to be taken bj the Admiralty with a \ lew to strengthen the detonce of the naval stations in these colonies m the event of an outbreak of hostilities involving ] ng land in warfare The Governments of Aus traba and tile Admir tits ure agreed as to the necessity of augmenting the permanent na\nl forces in Australian waters, but there is a difference ot opinion as to the apportionment of the cost and even on that being satisinc tortly adjusted, a considerable time ptobitblj IS months or two sears must elapse, betöre the new »sr vessels which it is advisable to obtain could be constructed equipped, and sent out lor service In the me intime, m Mew of the threatening aspect of affairs on the continent, it is dee uctl urgently desirable to strengthen the naval squadron on tin Aus traban station for tile protection of merchant shipping in colonial waters and the joint communication irom their J xcellcncics the C-overnors was re 'arded as the most likely means ot bruising the matter to a prompt and sntisfnctors issue I lie Government lias recen ed an intimation by telegram that the Admiralty authorities will eonsent to an extension of the period of Captain Thomas s appointment under the A lctortnn Oov eminent tor a further term of three jears under the new régulations the time to count towards seniority in the British navy, on condition that the Government would change the title of Captain 1 homas to thittot "Captain of the Cerbeius and m command ot the \ ictotian naval forces At a meeting of the Victorian commission for the Colonial and Indian Lxlnbition hela ou 1 ridas last, a replj to the Btricturcs of Mr Andrew Kowan with respect to the wine arrangements of the Lxhibition waa read from Mr .lûmes ihomson the secretary for the commission in London Ile stated that the commissioners had protested against the monopoly given to Messrs bpiers and Pond After several interviews with Sir P Cunliffe Owen, it was arranged that a bar for the whole of the Australian colonies should be constructed, mid placed under the manage ment of Messrs. bpiers and Pond who weto to charge no more than 25 per cent for all expenses ~Thc commissioners were not allowed to put an experienced at tendant behind the bars but so far os thej could exeicise control they did so Ihej circulated information with respect to the wines anti dul their utmost to puah them Messrs liurgojne and Co were not allowed to interfere but as they hal taken a great interest m colonial wines, thej were afforded facilities for sampling, and dealing with the Muterons direct Hie privileges ot exhibitors or their agents were not in any was abused, and Mr Thomson an tiupated that considerable advantages will accrue to the colon) from the Lulubition Aceompanymg this letter was a statement showing thatthe quantity ot Victorian wines sold v, as larger than that ot the wines of ans other colony I he meeting regarded these communications as sutisfuetorj, and passed a \ote of thanks to Messrs Bosiato and 1 houison for their services About two jenrs ae,o Mr M'Intyre, M L A , visited London with the object of floating a company to purchase the Parkins Beef mine at Maldon, but lie did not succeed Home capitalists, at that time, were not inclined to invest in Australian mining ventures, but since Mr M Intj re s return the mine lins more than justified the expectations formed of it 'lhere are other leases m the district the Paglehawk Alliance, the Union, and North liedme-which are held to promise as well as did the Parkins Reef when Mr. M'Intyre attempted the operation referred to, and it has been proposed that he should re-visit London and place them before in- vestors there. Die arrangements have not yet reached n dehinte sta¡,e, but it is likely that the project will be carried out, m view of the sueceas recentlj achieved bv gentlemen who have lloated companies in Lnglaud lor other mines m Australia '1 he collections in the metropolis on líos nital Saturday and Sunday (October 2t and 24) this year show a tailing off as compared Hith 1835 Hie total has not set been made up but BO far as Hospital Sunday is con cerned the returns are about ¿900 below those of the preceding j ear This result, however, is to be attributed chielly to the weather, which was verv bad on the Sunday So far as the returns to hand sho«, the total nmount received from the denominations is ¿5 110, as against 10,425 last sear lurniug to details, it is found that the largest contribution amongst the denominations was the Church of Lnijond, from wliieh £1 314 »as received The Presbyterians oame next with £1 23J, tho Human Catholics following with 1002 the \\\ eales ans with £658 and the Congreg mon ahsts v, tth £ 104 J be largest amount col lected in one place ot worship was t l18 from the Presbyterian Church, iooralc Hieltet Chntlea Strong, e\ nnstot of Scots Church is now tho head ot ino "Australian Church, which this year contributed ¿-.273 to the fund, being second on the list Hie next largest item this sear was ¿101 from St lrancis's (li C ) Church 'Hie total collections for the two dajs in 188» amounted to £J,G5i and, including that year, the sums distributed during the last 13 years (excluding 188(i) waa £76,684 Last sear the amount collected on Hospital Saturday was 12 0J-> Councillor Cain lins been elected Mas or or Melbourne m succession to Alderman J C Stewart, who declined to serve for a second term of olhcc. John Hobcrtson Barr, n notary, who is charged with conspiracy to detrutid lind forgery in Scotland, was brought up on re maud at the City Court neilin on Í hursday last Detective M'Phe-son, from Scotland, stated that the prisoner «as the man mentioned in the original warrant which he produced He had known liarr for many sears Hie ac cused wa» remanded for 15 dajs pending the issue of the warrant for his extradition Herr C Keimers, an accomplished v lolon cellist, gave n lecture, entitled " My Musical Life, litith, and Aspirations, ' in the upper hall of the Melbourne Athentium on A\ ed nesdny evening the 20th October His llixcellencj the Governor and Lady Loch were present Mr I Summers was chairman The lecture was followed by a abort concert in winch Mi8B Martin, Mr J li /erbini, and Herr Kenners took part 'Hie Melbourne Liedertafel eondueted by Mr Julius Siede, ga\ e their 183rd subscription concert in the J own hall on Mondas evening the 25th October Antonin Dvorak s cantata, ' Hie Spectre a Undo -presented to the society b} Mr Tohn Law-was performed for the first time in Melbourne iheordinars rattle choir of the society was assisted bs some 160 ladies, who volunteered the treble and alto pirts Hie principal Bingera were Madame Boemn, Mr Kobert Ken nedy and Mr r if Moiton Hie work bud been carefully rehearsed, and the magnificent composition was received with tmbojnded admiration by nn audience which thronged the hall ni c\ery part Numerous requests having been made that tho work bhould be repeated, it was aj,ain performed in the lovvn hall on the following baturdii} night Hie uudienee on tlnsocea sion was not so numerous as before but the performance was perfect at all points, mid reflected great honour on the society that pro dttced it Mr S Needham commenced [a series ot Madrigal Concerts on Saturday instit, the 30th October, m the Melbourne Athenn-um Tharo was only a mode rate attendance Selections or madrigals, dating from the middle of the ICtli century were performed by a number ot ladies and gentlemen, under the guidance of Mr Needham, in most artistic und ndmuable style bolo selections weie contributed by Mrs Pulmer Mr A. J Pillie« Miss Sura Lewis, Herr Kudolf Himmer, Miss Vera Goad, and Herr C Honners The quality of the whole entertain nient was very good Hie Metropolitan Liedertafel, conducted by Mr Julius Her/, ¡»ave a concert on the 1st November, in the Town hall, in the presence of His Excellencs the Governor and Lady Loch, Lord and Lady Carrington, bir W J ltobinson. Sir George C biraban, Admiral 1rs on, and other dis tinguished visitors, and an audience which filled the lown hall in every part The society gave the music of the first act ot "Lohengrin followed afterwards by a con ici a Clone. Hie event was a great success " Human Nuture has been produced with considerable success nt the Hi entre jtojal the spectacular effects being well arranged and very striking 'lurnedUp continues to amuse crowded audiences at the Opera house "1 wo loo Many , at the liljou, lias been replaced bj Sir Chus Youni, s powerful drama entitled "Jim the Penman Miss Minnie Palmer has arrived m Melbourne, under engagement to Messrs Mojerotu and ?\\\ îlson. and will commence a season at the llijou Theatre on baturdnj evenm¿ next AGltlCULIUR] Up to the middle of last week, the weather continued changeable, heavy storms occur ring in localities long distances asunder and in Boine parts Hailstorms were experienced 'Hie damage to craps from this latter cause has been trivial, and the favourable change of weather that lins since taken place has effected a deeided improvement m vegetation of eterj description In many parts ot the not th eastern central northern, and north western districts the crop prospects nre Incalí) regarded as unuauallj good It must not be loreotten that the crops have in some ot those pvrts been I ept L,omg bs frequent shouets und that a spell ot dry hot weather would be likels to prevent the realiaati m of present expectations Hie unreliable elia meter of the season has been shown m the occurrence of late frosts by which the vine sarda near Ñaj,ambie- v part of the Goul burn district-have lost most of their crop foi this season On previous occasions a late and small crop has been obtained irom a second growth, proceeding from dormant buds, and such will probably be the case in this instance Th.« -ains were rather too heavy m tbejpotato districts around Warr nambool and at Hornsey but the weather having »ince cleared np, the crops will probably be ot average quality, if not some thing more 1 he reports from New South Wales up to theSjth ult. spol e general!} ot fine weather varying in temperature, but not so hot as to cudan"er the pasturn_e A day later tele grams reported heavy rams and unsettled weather ot much the same character as that experienced in \ letona. Clinngeable weather is reported under date 30th ult., the weather is altogether much warmer and more steadily summer like In Queensland, and also in South Australia, the season coutinues favour able THE LABOUR MARKET The labour market at the present time is fairly brisk In the building trade the de mund for men is not so great as it baa been, and in consequence bricklayers wages have been reduced from 11s to IDs. per day The great development of the new suburbs has pretty well overtaken the increase in popula tion tor the present and there is some Blackening oft in the amount of specu lative building, which for some time past has been sullicient to employ not only the ordinary supply of Victorian workmen, but many troni Adelaide as well Some disagreement bas arisen be tween the Stevedores Association and M barf Labourers Union and the captain of the City of Agra, owing to the sailors of the veasel having been emplo}ed to unload some of the cargo ol the vessel 'Hie stevedores and the labourers have decided not to assist in unloading or loading the vessel The cichrruakers employed at Mesara Jacobs Hart and Co s manufactory have gone out on strike to obtain 3d extra ner 100 for Sumatra work The workmen, although aatiBhed with their rate of pay, have made the demand in question at the request of the Cigarmakers Society Hie various trade societies are being addressed by some of the leaders of the lrndcs hall Council upon the necessity of organisation among the working classes especially, in view of the probability of a large influx of labour from Germany and other countries by means of steamers sub sidised bv the state Hie constitution of the proposed board of conciliation adopted by the Trades ball Council ia now being considered by the societies represented by the council RACING The Derby day at riemington was this year favoured by most agreeable weather, nnd tile attendance was probably the largest yet seen on the opening day oi the V R.C Spring Meeting Racing opened as usual with the Melbourne Stakes, for which Isonomy after Ins victories at Caulfield and Moonee Valley, was a strong favourite Sheet Anchor and Crossfire were the other two in a field of 10 carrying most money At the finish Boolka with Isonomy drew away from the others and although the former was locked on the rails lie finished gamely and made a dead beat with the South Australian horse 'Hie owners decided to run off and this time Isonomy won rather easily by about four lengths 'lhere were 12 aturters tor the Hotham Handicap, Mr Whites horse Hex ham, who lind been heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup, being a strong iavountc Mr J Whittingbam's Claptrap who was heavily backed by the stable, came clean aw ay from his field, and won in the easiest style, Hexham being second, and Lancer third I or the Maribyrnong Plate, the great two year old raco of the year, there were l8 starters Mr White a filly Lava by Chester from Etna, was favourite the odds against her bein.; 4 to 1 Perhaps and Miatletoe being next in demand Hortense, who carried a pen ilty of 141b for winning the Great lonl Stakes at Caulfield, ac,am pioved her eenume merit by beatnu Hunting to« er and Bedouin for places T he fact that the ince was run m three seconda slower time than last yeal favoured the winner, but the performance was not the less a moat genuine one 'Hie winner is by Gang 1 orward from the imported mare Joséphine lor the Derby there weie seven starters 'Indent after Ins fine performances in Syd ney remained a strong favourite, the odds on lura at the start being ß to 2 His stable compamon, Volcano made the pace BO hot that at the end of the first mile both Maddelina and 1 irat Consul-the former considered to be Indents moat dangerous opponent-wero beaten Volcano was run almost to a standstill in the next quarter of a mile and staggered against the rails Chesham, who maintained second Clace from the starr, was then going so rilliantly that the chance of Indent catch ing lum in the last quarter ot a mile seemed hopeless, more especially oa the favourite waa responding most Bluircishly to Hales s earlier calls upon lum When luirly roused, however, he showed both his pace and game neus , and as CheBbam died away at the finish on account of lus great exertions, Indent caught and beat lum by about two lengths, the third horse, Agíaos, being 20 lengths aw ay 1 lie winner v\ as bred by Mr De Mestrc, und ia by Robinson Crusoe from Cocoanut. By his victory the first win in a (.rout ninny doubles wita secured, and since the Randwick meeting the public would hear of nothing else for the Derby, so that Ina victory, tollow mg upon that of l'en Holt, waa «omething of a blow to the betting ring Tor the drat time in the history of the VilLC Derby, the vvinnei was decorated with the blue ribbon, and led along the lawn Tor the Selling Race Hie Ghost waa made a very strong Iavountc the odds being on him, and the stable were sanguine of au eusy victory Huron, how ev er, spoiled the good thing by winning in first class style, f he Ghost being second and Stationl third Huron a value waa materially increased by the victor}, and his owner had to pay ¿2TO to keep him J he day's racing closed willi tile Coburg Stakes, for which 1*1 horses started J he Nun was a stiong lavounte but in trying to get through the field curly in the race, she was diauppointed, and never nfterwards made any show 'Hie nice was won bv another outsider, in Du} star, who beat St John by a bead,Hogmanay getting third pluce. INTERCOLONIAL NLW SOU 1U WALES The first session of the twelfth Parliament of New South Wales closed on October 25, when the members of both Houses were re leased from attendance to their parbamen tary duties until December 7 The Governor s speech was read in the presence of a v ery lnr),e assemblage of ladies and gentlemen One of the first subjects referred to by the Governor was the great depression which has prevailed throughout the colony for some years, and he ottered his hearty congratula tiona upon the improved prospecta owing to the recent heavy rams and the increased price of wool He stated that the Govern ment intended re introducing early next ses sion the taxation measure's winch lind recentlv been rejected, and they proposed also to deal in a comprehensive way with reform oi the civil service He mentioned that the teports of the Collieries Commission would he made the basis of legislation for regulating and providing additional safeguards in the vv ork ing of mines The arrangements entered into in connexion with the mail services were brielly noticed, and Bia Excellency then in formed members that negotiations were now pending with the Imperial Government which, it was hoped would result m the establishment ot an effective system of naval detouce for Australasia to the cost ot which the colonies would contribute Hie quinquennial session of the General Synod ot the Dioceses of Australia and las mama waa commenced on October 2b, there being a full attendance of both clerical and lay representatives The Primate delivered a long inauguriil address, the first portion of winch was devoted to a review of the events of the past live years, and the progresa of the churches during the period stated 1 he clergy hud increased from 5J7 to W3 which indicated a considerable exten sion of church work and n rapid growth of new parishes The Primate laid on tile table a letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury, oftering to at once make the necessary statu tory declaration and deliver the necessary pipers to enable colonial bishops who may be visiting 1 ngland to ofiicmte and preach there lins olVei was made with the view ot rendering the present formalities which require colonial bishops not ordnmed in Lug land to obtain special permission to preach m 1 noland us little lrl some as possible By a majority ot lito 21 the synod carried a motion atlirming the desirability of assigning the title ot archbishop to the Primate of Aua tralia and laamanio. Hie new chapter house in connexion with St Andrew s Cathedral, which waa erected na a memorial ol the late Bishop Barker, was dedicated by the Primate and opened by the Governor on October 25 Mr Henchman the engineer in charge of a road party c» > oute from Mount Victoria to the Jenolan Cav es, waa loat m the rangea for four daya, and was found, after a earelul Bearch, by rebel particB in a very exhauated condi tion I he country is feartully rou(,h and in hospitable, and the weather was very incle ment with a heavy fall of anovv Mr Hench mun who only had on a light duatcoat was entirely without loot!, and he sufiered ter ribly 1 he 72nd annual meeting ot the Bank of New South \\\ ules waa held on 1 riday last Hie net profits for the half year were re ported to amount to £17,307 A dividend at the into ot 15 per cent, absorbing ¿75,000, was tleelnn d 1 here has been some rioting at Lismore amongst the Orun"emen and the Roman Catholics consequent on the attempted de livery of a lecture by an " escaped nun On Tnday the steamer Golden Gate arrived in Sydney from New Britain, bringing tvjie captain and crew of the German three masted schooner Peter, which was wrecked on Bus sell s Heef in the Solomon Group on August 27 The Peter was bound from Hamburg to German New Guinea with a general cargo Both vessel and cargo «ere insured m Ham burg T he placing of a crucifixion the new reredoB of St Andrew's Anglican Cathedral has caused considerable discussion in Sydney church circles QLTEVSLAND The Brisbane Workmen s Club rooms were opened ton October 22 by the Acting Governor. About 300 persona were present, including I SirT MTlwratth Mr J T Walker, manager of the Rosal Bank of Queensland, has resigned his posi- tion, owing to tue necessity of his personulls supervising the estates of his late uncle, Mr Thoa .Walker ot Concord At i raeetmzot the directors of the bank on trida), Mr 1 dwnrd Griffith, chief inspector of branches of the Australian Joint Mock Bank, New South Wales, was appointed to euccced him A meeting of the Ssdney branch of the North Queensland Separation league was held on October 20 to meet Mr T W llmett, the president ot the Separation Council at iovvnsville Mr. M ilruett said that he had received private advices fiom which he in ferred that separation would very shortly be granted to North Queensland Since the petition had been forwarded to London, sup plementary sheets had been largels Bigned, and the total number of signatures would now probably reach 12,000 Hie census returns showed the population of til« pro posed new colons tobo 01,000 ot whom about 20 000 would be male adulta. Deducting, however, the Chinese mid kanakas, tho number would be reduced to 14 000 The Day Dawn Block Compatis, Charters Towers, changed hauds linall) on October 20 from the original shareholders to the English cotnpans A dividend is adv ertised b) the liouidatora of £ll)3s per share, which goea to the old eompaii) SOUTH TtJSI RALI A In the Legislative Council on October 20 the Water Conservation Bill passed ita third reading The newly discovered goldfield at Teetulpa is the most exciting topic in the colony nt present The special correspondent of the ¡south Australian Iter/utei reporta on October 20 na follows -" A number of men have left the Teetulpa diggingä but the held is still thickly populated, the tents numbering from 400 to 500, und the men upwards of 1 800 Work has gone on more steadily and es stem nticalls to das than before, and there aro not so mrtny gangs of loafers hauling about In addition to the results from the washings, rough gold is still lound in small nuggets In different claims I have seen quantities of Odvvt, lOdwt, and 15dwt were obtained Good prospects ure being obtained tram clainiB Ismg on the west bank of the creek, and not in the watercourse The shareholders m the lown nndCountrj Bank have confirmed the special resolutions agreeing to the amalgamation v> ith the Com mercial Bank of Australia, and have carried a resolution to wind up the bank Messrs Glyde, 'loms, Krichauff, and Hamilton, the present directors, have been appointed liqui datora W'i STERN AUS 1'RALIA General îegret is felt nt the resignation of Mr A P Hensman, the Attorney General An address requesting lum to lemain was presented to him nt the largest and most en- thusiastic meeting e\ er held in Western Aua tralia. T he démonstration of turning the first sod of the Great Southern Uailwas, to oonnect Albany with Beverley, was performed on October 20 by His Lxcellency Sir 1 N Broome, at the invitation ot Messrs C and H Millar, the railway contractors Asimilar ceremony was performed at Ueverlej, the aod beiug turned by Lady Broome THE IUMBERLBYGOLDIIELDS. The following telegram has been received by the Colonial Secretary of Western Aus traba, from Mr Hare, Government resident at W'sndham, dated October H, and de spatched «til Port Darwin -"Tweed, tin old Queensland digger, brings news that a 40o/ nugget has been found nt the Kimberley goldfields He reports that the diggera are getting more golil than is geueiully supposed , £500 worth of gold was brought in lust baturdas He sass the truck from Wyndham is 100 miles shorter, and a hundred times better, than the Derb) route Tweed also brings intormation that gold has been struck on the Panton River Diggeis are continually coming in and loading up tor the wet season Prospecting parties have gone up the Ord, l'orrest and King Rivera in boats. A lode, supposed to be of cinnabar, 300ft wide, has been discovered. Later reports are vei) encouraging A party of men have found gold six and nine miles from Wyndham, but not as yee in pajnble quail titles Tho country is being well prospected Mr Carr Bosd has brought in llcwt ot mag ntficent quart/, in which gold is plainly visible. 'Ihe reef is about 220 miles tram Wsndhnm Boyd is pioceeding south bj the Perth TASMANIA Sir G. Strahan, the retiring Governor, held a levée on October 25 at Government house at which about 000 pcisons attended, including a. large number of children, the Governor hiu mg expressed a desire that they should attend Next das the Governor held a farewell lei.ee, in the town hall, which was fairly well attended. Addresses by the City Council and two other bodies were presented to His Excellency. The Acting Chief Justice, Mr Giblin, was sworn in on Friday morning as administrator oi the Government A slight shock of earthquake occurred at Launceston at about halt past 10 o clock on October 25. The Government of Tasmania has for- warded to Mr Gillies the) plans of the pro posed new lighthouse at Lddystone Point, on the '1 asmiinian coast, for the approval of the Government of Victoria. Victoria will con tribute one half of the cost ot the structure a lighthouse at Eddystone Point being regarded its urgently required tor the benulit not only of Tasmanian shipping, but also ot inter colonial vessels The total cost is estimated at £8,000 The Government lins brought in a bill to reduce the light dues to a maximum ot £2~i, and to abolish compulsorj pilotage -lue former proposal is opposed by the Marine Board 'Hie salmon commissioners' report speaks favourably as to the probable success of the last experiment in placing the salmo salai in the vvnteis of the colony 1 me joung fishes, which were turned out last sear, have been caught in the Mersey A bill to abolish compulsory vaccination waa rejected by the Assembly on Trida) A motion has been curried m the Legisla tive Council to theeftect that the Government be instructed to enter into reciprocity treaties willi Queensland, New bouth Wales, and South Australia During the discussion a suggestion was made chut the colonies should unite to boj cott Victoria, as she was utterly selfish in her polies T he steamer Done arrived on October 22 from London, with a vers large number ot passengers bhe lett Plymouth on September 10 The tin discovery previously mentioned as hav mg been made 3") miles west ot Mount Bischoff promises to be ot considerable value NEW ZEALAND The Government intend asking for power to negotiate directly with America m refer- ence to the wool duties question and reci- procal concessions The Premier and Treasurer have for- warded a memorandum to the Governor on the question of the naval defence of the colonies Sir ltobert Stout does not think that the colonies should be expected to aid in the general defence of the empire, unless there is a contribution for this purpose from all British possessions If the colonies me to contribute to Imperial defence, the) ou"ht tohuve n voice in the expenditure and also in saving w hen the empire is to j,o to war He does not think the time ripe for ans dif- ferent bond of union than now exists Sir Julius Vogel endorses bir Robert Stout's views Consequent on the "refusal of Sir luhus Voc,el to submit the cable question to arbi ttation, the I astern Extension Telegraph Compnns hns raised the turill tor lntercolo nuil telegrams passing over the New Zealand cable to 10a. per 10 words from November 1, m order that the company may be recouped the loss of the subsidy At Rotorua, on 1 ndns night last, volcanic fires were visible in the direction ol Koto mahaiiu. An immense glow would suddenls appear lor a few seconds, and then die out This lasted for over halt an hour Severe earthquake shocks have been experienced at Tuupo '1 homas Hall has been sentenced to penal servitude for life for attempting to murder his wne at Christchurch, bs asstematic pot soiling Mr Justice Johnston, in sentencing Hall, stud he hud achieved the distinction of being the vilest criminal ever tried in the New Zealand law courts T he prisoner was cool and self possessed throughout the trial It is stated that Sir John Hall boa been in the colony for aome time, but that m conse- quence of the criminal prosecution of bia I nephew, Thomas Hall, hia return has been kept ii »ecret. 1 brough railway communication between W ellington and New Ply mouth has been com pleted MASSiCRl 5 I\ THE SOUTn SI VS The missionary schooner 1 llangowan arrived nt Cooktown last Saturday night bringing the following liewa - Mr Hios Mullens has reported to the Special Commissioner for New Guinea that he was at Renard Island in the schooner Alice Mead and that the nntives there told bim ol the murder of Captain Crail, and all the crew, of the 1 etch 1 mil} of Cooktown Captain'Craig was pearl sheiling of! lohan net Island near Gordon \ illume. Beside s Ciptam Craig there were working with lum Walter Holhncsworth nu assistant name 1 Hiomp3on a Greek a Malay cook and luur Malay hands He alao bad in his employ ment seven natives of Johannet Island On the 14th september n !ar"e boat belnnginc, to the 1 nilly went out to the shilling "round leaving the Malay cook on board. Hiree ol the lohannet natives pretending to be aick stayed on board also Hie boat anchored in the sheiling ground m about 11 fiithoma Criur, and lliompaon were in the act of raising the diver when the natives capsized them overboard cutting the divers life line while Hoae the Greek, wus clubbed at the pump with a piece of firewood Ihe tour Malu} a immediately jumped avei board and tried to swim to a neighbour ing reef Craig and Ihompson also struck for tlie reef Hie Johannet natives, in a ln-ge boit weighed anchor and went on board the Emily Ihcy loosened tho dingy and taking a Winchester nile overtook the six men who were still swimming, and shot them nil in the water In the meantime the cook had been killed by the three natives on bo ird the 1 truly Returning to the Emily, the natives plundered her of everything they wanted, spread the sails about, poured keioscne over them, and then set the vessel on fire 1 be ketch was burnt, and sunk in 10 fathoms of water NEW CALEDONIA AND THE NEW HLBRID1 S 'Ihe steam transport Calédonien, with 300 convicta and a number of relief officials arrived at Noumea on the 2nd September The arrival of fresh convicts waa anxiously looked for to rev ive business m the island, which is very dull Rain is badly wanted At the îsew Hebrides mattera are reported to be fcomg on smoothly Some good roads are being mndo at the ports occupitd by the I rench Subatantial buildings are being erected and every thing points to a prolonged occupation of the islands by the 1 rench troops Ihe health of the troops continues good SAMOA The Union Steam Ship Companys mail steamer Mararoa, on her last trip from San francisco, brought as a passenger from Samoa a former New Zealand reaident Mr G 1 Slier» ood, who had not long betöre pro ceedetl to Samoa in connexion with some land claims. Mr Sherwood states that while in Samoa he was arrested at the instance of Mr Orcenb mm the American consul by a part*/ of man of war a men from the American vessel Mohican He was taken on board that vessel and detained for two davs, and waa then placed on board the mail steamer No charge was made against him, and when he waa liberated profuse regret waa ex pressed Ile has complained of Ina arrest to the British Government and intends proceeding to London to prosecute a claim tor damages against the United States Go vcrnment Ihe liewa from Samoa by the Mararoa shows that Germany ia making strenuous efforts to get the upper hand in all matters much to the annoyance ol British residents It is reported that the municipal magistrate at Apia Mr Mab m formerly of Vuckland has been compelled to make room tor a German magistrate Mr Lubbccl 1 he first of the new German line of steamers instead ot delivering her mulls tu the municipal postmaster handed them to the in mager ot the German firm Hie latter required thut ull letters should be stamped with Uerman stamps und pass through their hands. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL lite Ai um Office Monday I vening IheltMSS Carthage with the outward Australian mails left the buy on the 22nd ult for London Hu gold and specie shipped were of the value of ±47 JOS The R.M S S les mama with 1 ngliah mails to 17th Sep tember, arrived on the 25th ult Hie lutter portion of the lnsmania a passage was marked by unusually adverse weather, und after leaving Adelaide she had to put into Nepean Buyuntilthewcatherclearedup lheR M S S Orient of the Orient line, cleared out on the dOtir int. for London with mails, priesen gera and cargo She takes specie of the v due of ¿20 000 from tina port and un amount of £10 000 more from Adelaide Hie R M S S Cu/co, of the Orient line from London, with maila to Septembers! arrived on the Jlst ult. Hie 1 rench mail steamship Salarie of the Compagine dea Messageries Maritimes arrived in the bay from Marseilles on the dist ult Ibe balarie has accomplished another of those rapid pas siloes for which she is noted Hie German mill steamship Hohenstauten, of the Nord deutscher Lloyd arrived on the 31st ult. Irom Bremen with mails passengers, and air.o On this, her first trip in the Aus traban trade, bhe has brought out a lillee number of passengers Of the 4T> who em burled 10 were saloon, and IIJ in the steeiu"c Dunn,, the past fortnight business baa been quiet and few transactions of any consc quence have tianapired -trade ia on u very satisfactory tootla), and no insolvencies of importance have occurred Hie position ot the money niniket is clearly indicated ni the banking returns foi the lost quarter, which have just been published Hie deposits show u Bliebt mercase, but lhere is a decrease ni the advances Hie latter occurring as it has at this ounaon ot the year, when farmers and squatters look tor assistance showa"what a strum his been on trade generally, and aa no dilhciiltiea of any importance have occurred it has proved the soundness of the Imniiciut position of tra lera c,enciallv Rut the ti-htucss ot the money market and the lu li rates charged, have had the effect ot curtiulint, operations mid re stncting business It is anticipated, how ever, that rates may be easier before lou,.', aa the wool ia now eomin" torward lreely and hire,e shipments are being made, while the cropa promise well A (,reat den! however, dependa on the course ot the Luellan mirket and till ratea there are easier little change can tal e place here Hmers generally ure operating very sparingly, and will only purchase small pinela tor their actual wants 1 his ia due to some ex tent to the position of the money market, but niso to the 1 let that owing to the heavy stocks in Sydney toods ait benn, offered lreely on tina murket ni many instances tit under cost 1 or bulk ales there is a moder ate inquiry, but stocks are very licjit and no sales ot any importance have been reported Prices are vciy linn bottled ulea and stouts ure moville oil freclv nt agents prices lor jute e,ooda a tood demand continues Corn sicks have been moat in request and pncis arc firmer I or trade patéela on the spot os ia readily obtained \\\ e ure also advised of about 1 7J0 b iles having changed bauds in several lota at up to tina figure Stocl a on the spot are moderate and unless the crop is exceptionally bountiful, only n small quantity will have to be imported to meet requirements Woolpacks have also been in lair request, and severn! parcela on the spot have ona IL ed hands at up to 3s 3d , in bond 1 or parcels to arrive considerably less la quoteu Brun buga have been noticid to a moderate extent io arrive, at from 3s 5d to d3 lid Candles are not eo firm, and some Schiedam w ere sold on Tuesday, at auction at Gad Coflee is firm at the advance lately ohtuuied, stocks being very light I or fish a fair demand continues Salmon has been ni fan request and sales are making steadily at (Is Od lor Birdines a tooti inquiry ia reported Holdera ot good tish how ever, are firm, und are asking an advance on late rates. lor halves, Ss Jd, duty paul, is now quoted while up to 4s Id has been obtained for quarteis Line, is moving oil ateadily at up to Bil Other descriptions have had moderate attention at late rates In the bread stulls market, little of importante bus transpired Tor Hour there is very little inquiry, and transactions are clneily confined to small parcels for actual wants I lie exports continue on a verv fmr scale but ure principally in fulfilment of ordeta taken som» tine BLO the demand at present bun" of a very limited character Prices ran_e from £10 lja to £11 for ordinary country Hour vlule for roller up to £12 10s 13 quoted W heat haa not had much attention Stocka are bein" gradually re luced but there is apparently sufficient to meet till rejuireinenta tor consumption nnd evport lina provea that 7/ii siiiificiiasiatt estimates of the crop are approximately corre-t while it the Government statistics are taken vu have already exported about 10 000 tona moro than we can apart Dell verna irom the countrv have also been more liberal and bein, pressed on the market have depressed values Buyers do not seem disposed to purchase at over 5a. but holders uak 1 rom 5s Id to os 2d Hie prospects of the growing crops also are good and this lact no doubt, baa caused farmers to Bend forward their wheat more freely Teed ing grains have not had much attention, tho trade operating very apanngly A good de mond continues for fruita Currants have been most m request, and several parcels, I I covering about 450 cases of new fruits have been sold for export at 3.}d and 5jd , duty ptd tor consumí non Trade sales of Lleme and Sultana ruisms are also reported at late rates Hops have not had much attention an 1 onl) trade s iles are makme nt from 8d tolOd accor ling to simule Malt is in fair request 1 or colonial made up to GB. IS obtuinel while for I nglish up to 10s Id is quoted In metals nothing of any consequence has transpired Irndesalesof galvanised iron ana fencine, wire are making at lite rates but no large lines are changing hands Other descriptions have had moderate attention nt late rates 1 or oils there has not been much inquiry and few sties ore nukinc, Kerosene has been most in request but onlj trade parcels h ive chintrel hands Oilmen s stores have been in "oo 1 demand and sales of the dif ferent de criptions are making freely at full pr ces. Rice has not had much attention while quot mons are unchanged 1 or salt ilso there h is not been much inquiry and only tra le snles are making V fur demand his been experienced for sugars but the prices oftered have n t been up to holders limits and except in one or tvo instances truisactious have been of a limited character Advices Ir m Queens!>nd state that crushing is now being resumed though imports up to the present have not shown ans material de dine. Ulviees received yeaterla> irom Mau ntms state that only t vo vessels have cleared for the colon) with about 1100 tons and there were no vessels loading One vessel had cleared for Adelaide und one vas loa 1 mg for Hobart 1 rices for 8U"ars suitable for this morl et had advanced from 10s to lus. but the demand for India was not quite so brisk lhere l8 theretore a vers moderate quantity of sugar on the water and stiould supplies from Queens land show ans decline some improvement in the market might be looked tor Hie marl et however is not stroll,, being severely tried bj the largo public olleruifcs lair quantities of Queensland have been cleared off at from £14 for rations up to £23 10a. for fine dry whites About 280 ton» ol Mauritius whites and l->0 tona of China refined have also been disposed of during the post fortnight at full prices leas have not lind much attention the trade purchasing sparmgls At auction on luesduythe bid dine, showed a firmer market and the greater portion of the teas offered were disposed of at full prices Altogether aDout 1 W0 half chests were quitted at from 8d tola At the same time 124 packages of Indian were dis Eosed ot at up to >id Privately fair parcels ave changed hands nt current rites At the timber eales on Tuesdas very little was sold prices showing no change lo day lloonnt, Bold tit about late rites but prices tor kauri showed an improvement In Oregon a considerable advance was obtained the entire ouantity oftered being cleared off at from £ > 10s to £0 6s Cedar logs sold at about late rates In tobaccoes little has been doing the deman 1 being confined to small p irccls for ordinär) trade require ments I or wines a fair demand is reported and sales of the dtfterent descriptions are making at current ratea Spirits have not had much attention though a lair quantity of brandy and whisky has been cleared off in small parcels at agents prices. Bank Rates.-lhere has been no change in these since I vst mail Hie rates are as foi low -Discount on three montliB billB 7è percent per annum beyond that currency 8£ per cent per annum Interest on over drawn accounts 10 per cent per annum. Interest on deposits stands at 4 5 and G per cent for sums lo Iged for three six and 12 months respectively 1 xchange.-Hie banks are now charging the following rates for DO da) s Bu,ht bills on London vi/ -Busing 5s j.er cent dis count and sellme, 12s. Gd per cent pre minni Hie latest dates received areas follow - Trotn 1 ondon September 24 îvevv \ork September24 Calcutta Septetnber28 Mauri tius October 14 Hong Kong September 2b L oochow, September 21 Manila beptem berJ Batavta September 4 IHMtS AND PUBUO COMPAMES The halt yearly meetingof the shareholders of the Colonial Lank of Australasia was held on October 21 In the absence of the governor (Sir \v I Clarke) the deputy governor (Mr Win Smith) presided anti there wus a lurc,e attendance Ihe directors report of the nfiairs of the banl as on the 10th September last stated that the net profits after deduct HIL, exjenses of management repairs to premise-! stationer) rents rebate on bills current Le and allowance for bad and doubtful debts amounted to including the balance from last sear £4G22o 11s 5d this (lesa tax paid on bank notes tor holfsear £1038 2s bd 1 left for np propri ition £41587 8s lid which the directors propose to apportion as follows VIA -Div iden l at the rate of 12 per cent per annum £21375 reserve fund £10 000 balance carried to profit and loss (new ne count) £10 212 8s lid Hie balance sheet showe 1 the balance to the reserve fund to be £1G2 500 Hie chairman move! the adoption of the report and balance sheet, which was agreed to Ihe new premises of the Citv of Melbourne bank at the corner of Collins and Khziibetli stieets were formally opened on October 2b in connexion with the half j early meeting ot the shareholders Hie chun man of the boar 1 of directors (Mr 1 boa 1 oader) in movin" the ndoption of the report which recommended a dividend of 10 per cent and a bonus ot 1 per cent tor the half year mid was unanimously agreed to stated that the directors anticipated that they would do n 1 irc.el) increased business at the new banl Hie affairs of the company had he said prospered exceedingly and a branch lind been estibhshed in london Alter the meeting the shareholders on the invitation ot the directors made an inspection of the building An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders ot the Australasian lrcehold liankitiL, Corporation was held on October 20, when on the motion of Dr Kearn seconded b) Mr Strin"er the following resolution pussed at the preceding meeting was con hrmel vii - Hie directors may and are hereby authorised to increase the cnpitil of tue comp my from £o00 000 to £1000 000 by the issue of 100 OOO additional shares tit £5 each Ihe ninth half yearly meetings of the Teloral Bank und the lederal Building bociety were held on Thursday last Hie re port ot the directors of tho bank showed an mi unt to the credit of the profit and loss account of £22 OuS w Inch sum the directora recommended to be appropriated as follows -Dividend nt the rate of 8 per cent per annum £10 000 to be carried for ward £0 OIW lu moving the adoption of the report the chairman (Mr John Whittmg h im) s) ol e in enthusiastic terms of the pro i,ress and state of the b ink 1 ho report was »dopte 1 W ith regard to the building society the amount to the credit of profit and loss was £o8)2 which was transferred to the ere lit ot the 1 ederal Bank 1 he society has £ttl".jb out on niortt,af.e all the securities consistinn ot city and suburban freeholds Hie half ¡early meeting of the lreehold Investment and B inking Company of Aus tr ilia was held on October 21 at the offices 20 Collins street west Mr lohn Moodie occu pied the chair ahd about "0 shareholders were picsent On the motion of Mr J C Tyler the half searly report and balance sheet were taken as read Hie chairman in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet s iid that n jtwithst induit the 1 let that the paid up capital ot tho company was largely increase 1 six months ago thev were able on this occasion to recommend the payment of the same dm lend as hitherto vi7 8 per cent in addition to which a sum of £2 000 had been c irried to each of the two reserve funds makin;, them each £30 000 or a tot ti ot £00 000-equ ii to a reserve of £1 per share (Applvuse.) One vers satisfictory fetture m the balance sheet wits the tact that the deposits amounted to over £133 000 though the company was only m its fourth sear HUB showed that public confidence in the liiBUtn tion was thoroughly established Hie motton was seconded bs Mr P Langwill and carried unammousls Mr M H Davies M L A the retiring director was re elected unop posed Hie halt yearly meeting of shareholders m the Land Credit Bank of Austrulusii wts held on Siturday last at the bank pre mises Collins street 1 he eli urm m of directors (Mr C R. M irtin) presided Ihe -0th half searls statt-mint ot accounts showe I that the amount t the credit of the profit and loss account was £° 007 "s. 101 J he directors recommended the appropria tion ot £1842 3s 01 to the p j men ot a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent ÍM0 to be tr uibterred to the reserv e lun 1 and £3 1 Us 11 to be carriel forward to the credit of next li ill je tr Hie deposits which now stool it over £110 000 showed a Bubstauti ii mere ise during tho li ilf year Hie re] rt an 1 bill ice sheet were a Ionted Vu curaor lmary mcetii g of the Austral ail in Cirring nnl Shining Corni liny 11 n el w s held on Oct her 27 it the oil ces of the tump mj 1 3 Collins street west toconlirm résolutif ns passed on thedOtli ult Mr Win M Culloch M L.C cliairmanof directors occupie I the chair au I there was a full atten I ince of sfiaiehol lera. 1 he new articles oi issociut on weie confirmed One of the pr ne pal Iter itions w 13 th it instead of one vote 1 eini, lio ved for every 10 shares no member should in any case have over 20 votes and antther that instead of there bcinc, live directors two receiving remunera tío 1 at the rate of £1 OJ0 a year and three at £ 00 there shoul 1 be only three directors ot wl om the ch urman should receive £150 per annum and the others £7o each Hie chair minaniiouncedthattheretiringdtrectorswere emnowere 1 to elect one of the new directors le Td appointed lim (Mr M Culloch) Ihe shareholders would now be required to eLeÎS "V; otner two directors On the motion o£ Mr W tn Cain Messrs John Holtom and H It. Reid were elected directors The final meet ne nf the south Suburban Gas Company was held on October 26 at the office of the company, Flinders- lane. Mr. Wai. Bayles, the liquidator, presented his account, which showed that £15,000 had been received in accordance with agreement from the Metropolitan Gas Company, the fixed deposita amounted to £24,150, the accrued interest to £199 10s., the transfer lees to £514a., and the amount realised for fittings, furniture, kc, to £115. The expenditure, including a balance brought forward of £1,845 7s. Od., amounted to £2,332 14s., leaving for distri- bution to the shareholders on the 300,000 at 2a. 5 71-100d. per share, or £37,137. Mr. Bayles stated that be waa appointed on August 26, There were 06 persona who had not applied for their money, and this was a c»uae of delay and expense. The nuiount he now held waa £1.111. An extraordinary general meeting of share- holders of the Australian Mercantile Union Insurance Company Limited waa held on October 20 at the Exchange. Mr. A. Currie, chairman of directors, presided. The object of the meeting waa to confirm a special resolution passed on the 11th October, alter- ing the articles ot association so aa to authorise the company to grant insurances against losa or damage of every description insurable by marine policies to ships and veBsels, and to gooda, merchandiae, and cargoes on board ships or vessels, or loss of freight, or for any other insurable interest whatsoever. The resolution was confirmed. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of Permowan, Wright, and Co. was held nt 132 Collins-atreet on Friday afternoon. Mr. A. M. Greenfield presided, and there was a large attendance of shareholders. The chairman, in moving that a divi- dend of la. per shure, or at the rate of 10 per cent per annum, be declared on the capital of the compuny, congratulated tho sharelioldera on the prosperity of the com- puny during the, past half-year. Dr. Hudson seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The following are the ¡teñera! prices current : ALK (bulk) _ a. d. £ i. d. Bass'«.S 0 0 _ - Carlisle Compauy .. .. 7 10 0 " Nominal Jl'Bnan's .7 10 0 .. - Aitken'« .7 0 0.. - Cooper and M'Leod .. 6 10 0 .. - W ni. Younger and Co. ..000.. - I ALI: (bottled) Foster una Son'« Buglr brand ., Porter's Bulldog brand. .. Head Bros.'« Dog Head .. 011 0 0 10 U D 10 U 0 10 6 Stone and Sons Altken's .0 0 8 Bass, bottled by Burke .. 0 10 S M'Evvan's .0 10 0 Anelo- llavarlan .. .. 0 10 0 Bass'« Wheel Brand.. .. 0 10 0 Altchcsou's .. _ ..086 Blood'* .0 9 6 Hall's Boar's Head .. ..086 Win. Younger and Co. ..090 T. P. Grill!.0 8 0 Cooper and ll'Leod'a .. 0 8 S St. Louis Lager Beer .. 0 11 0 Kalsordo.0 9 8 Tennent* Ale, quarts 10s.; pints 6s. Dil. STODT (Bulk) Quilines*'.7 10 0 Win. Younger and Co. ..700 STOUT (Bottled) Edmond's Plj brand .. 0 10 S Porter's Bulldog .. .. 0 10 e Oulnnes9's,bottTcd by Burke 0 10 S Head Bros.'Bulldog .. 0 10 S Guinness'«, bottled by li. 11\. Foster .. .. - 0 10 0 Hall's Boar's Head (stone) 0 9 9 Guinness'«, bottled by Stone and Son«.0 10 0 Blood Woolf» .. ..098 Guinness'«, bottled by Woolie, Blood, and Co... 0 10 0 Guinness'« Wheel brand .. 0 10 3 O'Brien'« Dagger brand ..096 Uulnnoss's, bottled by E, Johnson and Co. .. .. 0 10 3 Tennent« .0 8 0 I BAGS, BAum.va (In bond) Bran bags.0 3 7} Gunny do. (free) .. ..013 Cornsaclis.0 4 0 Madagascar pockets .. 0 2 7 Woolpack», njlb. (In bond) 0 3 0 Po. 1031b. .0 2 0 Da Victorian .. ..023 | CAXOLRS Nova Stearine Schiedam .0 0 Po Koubals, Odenkoven, and Co.0 0 Branoon .0 0 Orient Poraflne .. ..0 0 Gouda'a .0 0 Apollo (colonial) .. ..0 0 I |lDo., Comet do. .. ..0 0 Kitchen'» I'etrolineo, do. .. OO Po. Star brand, do.0 0 Po. Carriairc.0 0 Po. Bedroom.0 0 Po. Lamp .. .. "00 3KM EST Gosling's .. .. - 012 Knight, Bevan'« .. .. O 12 White's .0 12 WlllTINCi.3 5 | I'LAsrim Alnerican .0 13 | ClIIUdCALS Cauatlu sod», 70 per cent... 13 0 0 "bj Nominal Nominal Nominal Silicato soda.10 Tartaria aold.0 Cream of tartar .. ..0 1' lowers of sulphur .. .. 14 Prepared opium .. ..1 I Cllicoltv In tin«.0 In other packages .. ..0 I Corren (in bond) Ceylon Plantation No. 1 .. 0 0 4} Java Other kinds, up to .. ..0 0 1 CO.M/KCTlONKllV Victoria assorted .. ..0 0 Candied peel.0 0 Jujubes, unto .0 1 | ConnAar: Best Manilla hemp, Vie torlan-madc, up to ..67 0 Do. do., Jin. to Jin.75 0 Do. do. ffat rorjcs,accordlng to sizo .72 0 New Zealand llax rope« .. 2 3 Do. do., cordage fiUes .. 2 10 Hay lashings.2 0 Se.unlng tvviuo .. ..0 1 Shop twine .. _ ..001 FISH Haddocks.0 0 Herrings, Kippered, lib. tin« .. .. _ ..010 Do., lied, in barrels ..17 Do. do., in kit« .. .. 0 14 Do., lib.fresh .. ..0 5 Lint-(new).0 0 Cod (American) .. ..0 0 Lobsters, lib. tins .. ..0 9 Oysters, lib. tins .. ..0 0 Salmon, llb.tlns (American) 0 0 Do. salt .0 0 Sardine« (halves) .. ..0 7 Do. (quarters) .. .. 0 4 i Fioun ASH GnAix Flour, Victorian .. .. 10 16 ( Bran.-..01: Pollard .Oil Oatmoal, Victorian.. ..17 0 i Pearl barley.17 0 I Wheat, primo .. ..050 Oats Kew- Zealand, In bond ..02! Milling, Victorian, free.. 0 S I Victorian feed .. .. 0 2 II Cape sorts.0 2 1 Barley Malting .0 3 ( Cape, feeding .. " 0 2 It Malro 90 day Victorian .. ..Otc Sydney .0 4 < FRUITS .Currants . Figs, elctno, in lib. boxes , Dates (new), boxea .. Jordan almonds Balsiua Musoatel«, layers, primo -lemo .. ' '..0 Frenoh prunes (bottles) ..010 Miliuna .0 0 Ci Dried apples.0 0 5 GUM'OWDBll Curtis and Harvey'« 0 0 Ç! .. 0 0 51 0 0 10 Hall's Blasting Kain s do. . 0 0 0 0 (JJ Sharp's do.0 Hore Kent(lS85), duty paid ..017 Tasmanian (ISSti),In nond.. 0 0 9 Victorian (lsjfi) .. "003 Do. (ISSU) .. ..007 Bavarian (1SS5) .. "010 MALT- . Kngllsh (now) .. ..ona Victorian .0 5 9 MUTAIS Galvanised iron, best brands .16 0 0 Pig iron .3 7 0 Bar and rod iron .. "800 Sheet Iron, Nos. 8 to IS "BOO Hoop iron .9 10 0 Feneine wire, aooording to brand and number .. 8 10 0 Pig lead .15 10 0 Lead shot.29 0 0 Sheet lead.21 0 " Whitelead.2S 10 Muntz metal.0 , 17 10 0 3 10 0 8 10 0 11 10 0 , 10 0 0 9 15 0 01 .. - 10 por cent off Hit 0 19 0 Kucbank«' nalia .. .. .-,... French do.0 15 American do. .. .. 0 13 Collins and Sharp's heavy axes.2 18 0 .. - Ames's «llovéis .. .. 2 10 0 .. -, Days' D.U. shovels, 34ln. to .join.2 0 0.. - Other makers'do., do. .. llO'O .. - Holloware.271 to S5 p. o. off list Zino.21 0 0 ,.. - Tinulatcs, IX coko .. .. 0 22 0 " 0 21 0 Do., ICcoko.0 1« 0 .. 0 17 0 Do., ICoharcoal .. " 0 22 6 .. - . OlIA Llniccd, boiled In bulk (D.P.) .0 2 9.. - Do., in drums .. "032.. - Ollie, In bulk (D.P.) ..040.. - . Do,, in drum« .. .. 0 4 8 .. 0 6 0 Colza, In drums (duty paid) 0 4 0.. - Do. (in bulk).. ....087.- - Turpentine do., do.. .. 0 2 10 .. - . Chinese, In tins (in bond).. 0 2 6.. Ca«tor, in oases (In bond).. 0 2 » .. o 3 o Palm (tree).27 ¡J 0 " 23 0 0 Coil ifrucl . .. 0 3 5 .. 0 J 7 Whalo.32 10 0 .. - KtKOBKNE (In bond)- 0 0 10 - cm»"*.. :: :: :.' ° ¡>i<> - - .' Diamond" .. .. .? J } «J .. ~ "LUrhtof thoAge,"150deg. 0 18.. - Crystal, I50dog Anchor, 160deg. test OlLUKN'a STOKBS Black currant Jellies lied Cross lib. Jam» Cairns'a marmalade. Keillor*« . Salad oil, C. and B. quarts Do., do. pints Do., do. half-pint« .. Do., Morton'« pinto " Do., do. halt do, .. .. 0 li .. O 1 l| 0 14 0 .. - 0 6'«-. - aü £ o, d. tv* ' Castor oik plata .. .. 0 7 9 - - Do., half do..0 J « - .^ , Sauces, according to brand« 0 6 « .. O IO . Holbrook'» Worcester «auce 0 7 0 _ O 7 o Do. pint pickles .. .. 0 9 0-09» Solas milk.0 6 » - - scandinavian do.. Parla «old medal brand- -059« Capers.0 7 0 _ 0 7 . Bryant and May's vestas .. 0 * 8 _ 0 . .* Palmcr-sdo..0'4 «1 - - It Bell's do.0 4 8- - Bell and Black's do. ..044} - - cor lb. Colman'« mustard, 71b. tins 0 0 8} - - per dot. Do. do., lib. tins .. _ 0 10 1 - - Do. do.. Jib. tins .. -060- - Do. DSP, Jib. tin« .. .. O D 1} _ - Do. do., lib. ti. - 0 18 11 - - Keen's DSF, lib. tin« .. 0 l8 3 .. - Do. do., »lb. tins _ .. 0 9 S .. - Do. do., Jib. tins .. "064- - Do. Durham. 71b. tin» .. 0 0 BJ _ - Victorian prepared tnustftrtl, in boxes .. .. - 010 6 _ - p«r Io. Do. da, 41b. tin» .. ..OIS- - Do. do., 71b. tins .. .. 0 1 S « - Victorian cocoa, acoordiiifr quality .0 0 9-01» Taylor's cocoa .. ..013.. - Fry'soocoa..013« - Fry's double soluble choco lato.0 J 2 -, - . Victorian chocolate.. ..011-011 Robinson's patent irroat« .. 0 0 9 - - Column's white and blue starch .0 0 6 - - Orlando Jones's do. Hermann's rice starch Harvey and Neville's do. .. Lewis and Whitty'a whit« audbluodo.OOM- - Do. squaro bluo .. ..000.. - Colman's thumb bluo .. 0 0 11} .. - Keen's Oxford bluo.. ..000...- ., Sairo and tapioca .. .. 0 0 1] .. 0 0 !} Macaroni and vermicelli ..008- - Black popper.. .. "008.. Whitouo. .. .. .'. 0 1 01 .. Oil Gelatlno .0 4 3 .. 0 12 O Vinegar, bottled .. .. 0 6 9 .. 0 7 8 Holbrook'« pure malt vine* mr .. .0 7 0 " - Da bulk .0 1 9 - 0 ill SOAP Kitchen's "Anchor," p. ton 28 0 0 - - Do. best palo.. .. "KOO- - Do. "Globo" .. .. 14 0 0 .. - Do. "Household" .. .. 13 0 0 " - QlIICKSIlVRR- _ ' In bottles " - "024-0 2_li Rio«- * ... New Fatna (In bond) "12 0 0 "12 10 0 Japan dressed (duty paid).. IS 10 0 - 19 0 0 Patna, old (duty paid) .. 20 0 0 .. - BoedhlKajah (duty paid).. - .. - SAIT LiverpoolcoarBO .. .. 8 6 0 .. 3 7 6 Da, lino .4 0 0-460, London stoved .. .. 4 7 0 .. 4 10 0 Jar .0 B 6 - - Book (duty free) .. .. 2 10 0 - 2 IS 0 SOOAII (duty paid) Crushed loaf, Dutoh t.. 20 10 0 - - White, uno to finest .. 23 0 0 - 23 10 0 Do., medium.22 10 0 .. 23 0 O China whites, Uno to finest 22 10 0 .. 23 0 0 American granulated .. 20 0 0 .. - Brewing crystals, fino to finest .23 0 0 - 80 0 0 Yellows, One to finest .. 20 0 0 - 22 6 0 Brown.IB 0 0 .. l8 0 0 Kations .14 0 0 .. 10 0 0 Victorian. Sugar Company's (duty paid) .. >. No.1 " .. .. - 2B 0 0 - - Na 2.21 0 0 .. -, No. 3.19 0 0 .. - TKAS (in bond) Foochow : Low common leafy ., 0 0 7 .. 0 0 7» Common to ordinary - 0 0 7} .. 0 0 8} Ordinary to medium .. 0 0 8} .. 0 0 91 Medium to fine .. .. 0 0 10 .. 0 Olli lino to finest .. .. 0 1 0 .. 0 1 3 Choleo .0 1 4 .. 0 111 Kalsow, buds, com. .. 0 0 7 .. 0 0 8 Do., fine.0 0 10 .. 0 1 2L S. O. Pekoe, com. .. 0 0 9 .. 0 0 10 Do., (Ino.0 1 0 .. 0 1 8} Do., Canton mako - 0 0 7 .. 0 0 ti Indian : Broken loaf .. .. 0 0 9 .. 0 010 Moe Souchong.. .. 0 0 11 - 0 1 01 Pekoo .0 I 0} .. 0 1 4 Orange pekoe .. ..014 - 018 TIMBER American Lumber Clear pine, according to alzo and quality .. ..14 10 0 .. 12 0 0 W.P.T. and O. celling .. 9 10 0 .. 8 2 0 Shelving- .10 6 0 .. 8 S 0 Baltic and Scotch Flooring Red, Ox 1¡, T. ando. .. 0 8 0 .. 8 9 0 Do., Ox j!, do.0 7 0.. - Do., Ox j, da .. ..080.. - Do., fix J, do beaded ..ODO.. - Do., Ox I, do., do. .. ..043,. - Wcatliorboards .. .. 0 B 0 .. - White, Ox li, T. ando. "086.. - \- " ', do. .. .. 0 0 9 .. 0 0 « i.Oxl.t >.,0x|,c Da, 0x8, do. 0 4 0 .. 0 4 9 Do., lix J, do., do. 0 4 3 .. 0 4 1 Do., 0 X I, do,, do. 0 S 0 - - Weatherboards .. .. 0 0 0 .. - Baltlo Ited Deals 0x4,0x8. 00 01.. 6d. 3-10 11x3. 0 0 (j ., O 0 8J 8x3,7x3,7x21.. .. 0 0 4}.. 4d. 13-16 Oregon Timber .. .. B 10 0 .. 0 B 0 Spruce deals and battens .. 0 0 21 .. - Blackwood logs, according to size and quality - 0 10 0 .. 0 IB 0 Kauri loira. 0 10 0 - 0 10 8 Sawn hardwood .. .. 0 7 9 .. 0 8 3 TOHACCOKS Colonlal.madc : Common to best.. ..014 - 032 lthclngold cigar« (D.&)" 7 0 0 .. 710 0 Imported : Common quality flatwork 0 1 01 .. 0 1 3 Twists : Haven . 0 14.. - fit. Andrews .. ..0 1 31 .. - Black Hank .. .. 0 1 31 .. 0 1 4 Arotnatlcs : Victory . 0 110 .. 0 2 0 Dark Navies : Twobcas ,. .. ..014.. - Tennent'«.0 12.. - Queen of the Seas ..014.. - Black Hawk .. .. 0 1 2 .. 0 1 4 Cigars : Manila cheroots .. .. 200 .. 2 10 0 Nuovo Havanna .. .. 2 B 0 .. 2 IS 0 Genuine Havanas .. 13 0 0 .. 30 0 0 Ormond'« (Swiss).. .. 113 0 .. 110 0 Taverney, do.1 I) 0 .. 1 11 0 German cigars .. .. 1 10 0 .. 3 0 0 Wiirra (Uulk) l'ort Very superior .. ..OTOO "100 0 0 Good ole!.40 0 0 .. 60 0 0 Good .30 0 0 .. 40 0 0 limit's .25 10 0 "03 0 0 Spanish Bed .. .. l8 0 0 .. 20 0 0 Miguel do Souza Oucdcs, 1 to 5 Diamond.. .. 28 0 0 .. C2 0 0 Ilutchesou's .. .. 27 0 0 .. 60 0 0 Sherry Superior.SO 0 0 ..110 0 0 Medium and good .. 32 0 0 .. 40 0 0 Common.l8 0 0 .. 20 0 0 Dull, Gordon, and Co... 34 0 0 -140 0 « Brians Brandy, bulk llennossy'9, 1878 .. .. 0 17 0 ,. - Martoll's, palo, 1878.. .. 0 IB 0 .. 0 l8 0 Otard's, 1876.0 IB 0 .. - Da, 1878 .0 11 0 .. - Barrlasson's.0 8 » .. 012 8 Marett'» .ODO.. - Denis Mounlo'a " "000.. - Wluo Distillers'Co.0 7 0 .. 0 8 0 Champagne Vlno.v ords' "070.. - Jules Uobln's, 1STS.. "080.. - Do., dark .0 8 0.. - Do., 1808 VIntago I.. " 0 1» 0 .-. - Tricochú .0 7 0.. - Biscuit Dubouclie et Cie'a.. 0 7 0.. - La Grand Marque " ..070.. - Pliict CasUlloi.0 0 0.. -, Boisson Freres' " ..000.. - Meukon's .0 7 0.. - O. and T. Baeot's .. "080.. - Vlncgrowcrs'.0 8 0.. - Luolen Bellol's .. " 0 0 0 .. 0 7 .) Associated Vinoyards' "070.. - Associated Vineyards', old 0 8 0.. - Albort's .0 7 0 " - Lcvccqucs.0 0 0.. - Prunter'B .0 0 0.. - Ulchanl and Mullcr's .. 0 B 9 .. - Gaspard'» .0 B 3 .. - Clouzeau .0 7 0 - - Brandy, case- , Hennessy'«caso .. .. 1 14 0 .. - Do., threostar .. "270.. - Martoll's, ono star .. " 1 14 0 .. - Do., tlircostar .. "200.. - Otard's .. .. - 1 11 0 .. - Donls Jlouulo's .. "1110.. - Mcukow'a.18 0.. - - Marett'.1 10 0 .. - Lucien Bcllot's .. " 0 17 0 .. - Lucien Foucauld .. ..100.. - Do., three star .. _ .. 2 0 O .. - Illchard and Muller'« .. 0 10 0 .. - La Orondo Marque .. .. 1 B 0 .. - Other brands.. - .. 012 6 .. 1 4 . Bum Lemon Hart.0 3 0.. -. ll.W.P. .0 8 11 .. - Demorara Old .. ..080.. - Lamb'« .0 2»}- - Suecnslanil .0 2 3.. - cueva- / JDKZ.0 13 0 .. 0 14 1 ?Blankenliclm and Nolen'a , " " Koy.0 18 0 .. 0 10 f Vandenberg nell .. .. 0 12 9 .. 01» 0 Mecua's Key Brand.. .. 0 13 0 .. - Whiskies Thorn and Cameron's (now) 0 3 7} .. - Do. (old) .0 4 0 .. - John Boss's.' J ¡I" Ballachulish.0 7 J .. - Glenvarloch.S Í 2 " Z Dunville'«.J * * .. _ Wm. Jamieson'« .. " .. 0 B o .. - Kltkor. Greer, and Ca's Loch Dhu case " .? ? « S " Do., Imp. quarts .. »jj!" _ Shamrock.Sin" _ Vint Do, 0 17 0 10 0 _'.. Do., Brian Bom, case .. 017 0 .. - Encore, bulk.0 0 0.. - Do., case .0 18 0.. - Standard, In bulk " "070.. Do,Incase .. .. .. 0 18 0 .. - Planet brand, old vattcd ..090.. - Ford's Castlo Blend, new .. 0 7 0.. -, , Do. do., old.0 9 0.. - _ Walker's bulk " .. 0 8 0 .. 0 8 . Do. case .0 18 6 .. - Usher's Old Olenlivot ..070.. - Do., Special Kesorvo .. 0 10 0. .. - Innes and Grieves'«.. "070.. - Do. OldUomVar .. .. 012 0 .. - Dunvlllo'soase .. .. 018 0 .. - Royal Blend.0 19 8 .. - Lorne.0 l8 8 .. - bt. Mungo, bulk .. ..080.. - Do., case .0 19 0 .. - ThlstloBlend.0 19 0 .. - Mlteboll's .12 0 .. -, , Bull.1 l8 8 .. ,-. Cork Distillery .. "040.. - ' 81r Ilobert Burnett's Old Tom 0 11 0 .. - ' Wolfo's Schnapps .. "110.. - ' SALES OF PROPERTY; H Messrs. W. H. Looker and Son«, of Melbourno tad Oakloljjh, report having «old «to following propertle« : -Ï8 acre« at State Forest, parish of Narr« Warroo, at «34 per «ore; 20 «or«, do. do., »t *9 per aero; 0} ocres, parish of Prahran at East Vfalvorn, at a satis factory figuro , C1 acres at Cla} ton a road, In tho parish of Mulgrai o, at £65 per acre, 5} actes at Clay- ton's road, parish ot Mulgravo at £65 per acre , tiouso and land at fcnio Estate Malvern £750 Messrs G 1) Langridge and Son auctioneers re port having «old durinir the labt month tho following properties b} publie auotion and prlv ato contract - Alphington-Falrlleld No 7, land £62 10s l-alrllcl 1 Projier land £198 rairllcld ti o 8, land £09 Ascot valo - Hotham street land £2B Laullield-Allot mont, £00 Email allom out £S0 Carlton-Canning street, land £200 clifton hill - Heidelberg road, land, £100 bpensley street land £250 Noono stroet, land £116 lu« Collingwood-Hood street, land £SS8 5s. Wclllnetou street bouse and land, £716 Kuprrt-strcct house and land £040 Russell street house and land £280 hmcral 1 street homo and land, £125 I ltzroy North- Salisbury 1-state £3 851 4s. 3 I Falco icr Etrctt, land £"¿2 15s au allotment, £2 '7 10s , Napier street land £297 Ken- sington-Ormond street land £_r0, Cbllctt-street, land £48 Hotham-Lan,o block of land £010, Richmond-Hoss street cottages and land £090 bprnnti ale-Allotments £4 514 Hw 3d «Willama town North-Melbourne road, land, £693. Grand total £15,841 15s 6d. Mr Vi lilian) lev ora Jun , reports the following rcocnt Bales of freohold propcrt} in city ond suburbs -Two houses corner Murchison square, Carlton land 201 x 77 to rlght-of wa}, £165 I elbara street, Carlton Brick cottage, Hvo room» land 26 x 75 to right-ot way, £660 Little Quoenslwrr} street Carlton Thrco-rooined W Ii oottato £150 OH Queensbcrry street, Hotham-W 11 cottage four rooms land 23 x 78 £345. North Carlton Church stroet-Two bru k cotta"ea four rooina each, 82 x 75 to right-of way, £640 Drummond street, Carlton-ishop and tllrco room« W li , 10 x 70 £400 Fitzroy, Newry streot Brick cottage, four rooms and bath l61 x 82, £410 Land, L}i,on street North Carlton, 105 x 165 to right of way, £17 los, »or foot, hijrhcat prtco yet obtained, £2 SS7 10s Lonsdalo stroot Faßt-Two brick cottages, land 25 x 66 to right of wa} £43 per foot £1,075 llathdown street, North Carlton-ljvnd 161ft 1321t. 7in to a right- of wa}, £12 tis per foot, £202 2s Od L}gon street, North Carlton-Briok cottage, two rooina bath, land 151 x 77 to right-of wa}, £200 L} [ron streot, North Carlton-Land adjoining tho above, l61 x 77 to right of way, £112 7«. Od. Land corner ol L} gan and Church htreets, North Carlton, 151 x 77 to right of w 1}, £8 per foot, £124 Princes hill-Land, Itiehardson street 72ft, Sin x 165ft. to right-of nay, £9 per loot, £653 Is Princes hill, Itiehardson street- Two briok cottages, threo rooms and bath, land SO x 04 to a pitchod right-of way, £490 Land and house. Aroyle place off Lygon street. Carlton, 17 x 80, £¿40 North Carlton, Diokcns streot-VV B cottago four rooms land l61 x 72 to right-of way, £215 North Fitzroy, liowc-strcet -Land, l8 x 95 to right-of way, £7 6«. por foot, £180 10s. Total solos, £9,879 15s Mr. F. L. Flint report« having sold tho following properties by auotlon and private contraot during tbo month of October -Hawthorn-Burwood road! two story btlok shop and dwelling, standing on land l8 x 122, £r5'6, Hill stroet, brick oottage, on land 25 x 1-6, £550 Grove road, land 60 1148, at £5 10s per foot £275. Caulbcrwoll-Burke road land S5 x 200 at £3 5s. per foot, £276 5s ltingwood-Count7 of Mornington, 62a. Or 25p at £80 per acre, £1864 13s. Od Hawthorn -Riversdale road cottago and land GO x 132, £415 Cauiborvvoll-Fermanagh road, land 97x189, at £4 por fodt, £388 Wandin Toad allotments, 63 x 01, 1 rospect-lilll h xtenBlon.kstato, £173 8s. Also tho subdivision of the following estates-Darebin Glen hatato (In conjunction vv ith Messrs M alstah and Son and M Kay and ii Donald), for £3 589 13s lid., tho Wellington Reservo, Kew, for £3,363 6s Id, the Makin lilli Estate, Box hill, tho Heights of Kow for £2.156 15« ToUl amount of sales £15 000 7s 2d Messrs. John buchan and Co report tho following recent sales of freehold properties -Collingwood 1 ere street W B cottago hvo rooms, and land 85 x 90, £387 10s Charles street two do, each four rooms, and land 46 x 72, £525, St, Pnllllp « street, llvo do do., standing on land 170ft frontago to fat Phillip's street by a depth of 70ft, £1 350 , opposlto btudlev park, 13 roomed briok and Btone dwelling, and fand about 172 x 1SU, £2,UJ0 Canter bury -Sutherland street, land 66 x 105 £107 6s Carlton-1 ark street east land 83 X 170, £105 Footsemv-Railway plaoû W B. cottage, land 32ft x U2lt, £177 , 1 ole street, W B cottago, four rooms, land 23ft X 04ft, £212 10s. VV alter street W B cottage four rooms, land 3.1lt x 70ft, £2118 , Pilgrim street, two tour roomed cottages, land GOft x 70ft., £540, two blooks of land township of Maidstone, £5,100, By an street three roomed cottago, land 33ft x 80ft, £100 Richmond-Uiver street, tuoWB cottages, each four rooms, and land 80ft Oin x 115ft, £016, Parkgrovo, two WB oottaies, each «vu room», land 66ft x I)lit, £827 10s Port Mel bourne-Alfred streot, land C6ft x 182ft, £346 10s South Yarra-Airlie street land 84ft x 00ft,£1441Us St Kilda- « cstbury street, brick villa and land 61ft Gin frontago by a dopth of 115ft along Inkorman street, £925 Fitzroy-King William street, threo tno storied houses and land 5S x 11X1, £1,160 South "I arra-Punt road brick houso land 40 x 100, £1,000 'yarraville- Murray stroet land 60 x 140 through to Goulburn street £165 lo»oil street two IV B (»Ita«es land 66 x 77, £515 Alice street land 70 x 98, £78 10s ¡ Ovens street. Vi 1!. cottage, land 33 x 65, ¿130 Total amount of sales £17,244 53. ltEVIEW OF THE SIOCK AND SHAKE MARKUP. Only a very moderato buslnoss In gold mining com- panies during tho past fortnight and prices generally have ruled Iowor Silver mining companios nlso dul till towards close, when Broken hills and Bound bills had valid Improvement The principal chanc.eshavo been as follows -I und nnd Albion ConBola, after im proving 5s per share rcocded 13s., and recovering again aloso about 8s over opening price Bango wannah, Albany have been in request, and realised considerable advanco, and other companies in tho district aro attracting, tho notice of dealers Chalka and other Majorca companios very littlo dealt in, and all close lower Cumberland Block, Etho r!de,e, Queensland, sold at improved prlcos, and filares scarce in tho market Hepburn Estate had a very heav} further fall but havo recoverod a portion towards closo Iho most important depreciation has been in I otig Tunnel vv hlch foil £21 per share, and aro still obtainable within £2 of lowest price Long Tunnel Kxtoudod close at £1 roduetion Madame Berry an 1 other Kingston companies dull of sale, and quotations lower The Midas group, Creswick, also oloso at lower prices Now Bcohivo Maldon, reoedod, but havo had unproved demand tho past two da} s and hav c recov ereel tho fall Star of tbo Past havo had an active business at v cry fluctuating prices rising up to 9a over opening vnine but notwithstanding an excellent v icld havo sinon receded 6s from top priée New Toombon Walhalla and Unit}, Inglowood, have both risou considerably on roportof good stone being outlined Vlclorv Chiucrs lowors, have had lui) roved demand und rison la. per share. Sandhurst eompanies continue being littlo dealt In, and prices eeiierally have ruled lower Broken hill Proprietary Stiver hav o had sov era) lluctuations during tno fort- night, but towanls tno close havo had very strong support nnd oloso at an ndvauco of about £8 per share (allowing for ilividund). 1 ho yield for tho fort nlfcht la 81,12Uo_ bill or from 1,152 tons ore and the mino »ports are very favourable Hound hill bilver were much dopressed and receded to 60s. per shire, but have since reeoverod cou idorabl} and closoabout 00* Most other sill er companies continuo very dull, and prices quito nominal Tin companies neglected, and North Brothers Homo closo at further hoavy ro duotlon without bringing out buyers lhere has been a quiet uiarkot for bank »hsres nnd othor investment stocks, with very littlo chango in quotations in most casca. Ibero hag, however, been a »lfejit advanco in valuo of Commercial, Land Credit, and V ictoria banks and of Metropolitan Gas, and a fall in Tramway and Oinnl bus insuranco shrros continuo v cry littlo dealt in Brow cr} companies supported at full prices Trustees, Executors and Agoncy quitted rather lowor Very littlo spccuiativo business has been done either in bank Bhares or In those of othor publio companies the condition of tho mono} market being unfavour anio to operations for a rise. Iho reports and balance sheets of the banks and other institutions which closo their half year on the 80th September havo non bceu issuod, and aro genorally satisfactory Tho following are the buying and selling quotations and prlcos of sales effected - Debentures -\ ictorian Govornmout four por cents, (stock), buyer £99 10a., seller £100 Hotham six per cents, buyer £103, do flvocents., buyer £101 10s. Banka-Australian Freohold Banking Corporation (£2 los shares) sold at 02s. Ballarat, buy er £7 15s City of Melbourne, bu} cr 84s., «ollor 85s , aalea 87a cumdlv,85s Od ox dlv. Colonial, buyer £10 Ot, seller £10 10s. Commercial, buyer£7 15a,. »ollor £7 16s. Od , sales £7 14s Gd to £7 16s Federal, buyer 62s , seller 63*., sales 64s to 65s. cum dlv, 6>a. to 62s Gd ex dlv Land Credit, buyer 30s 6d , seller 31s , sales 80s to 81s Land Mortgage buvor 20s., seller 26s. Od , sales 26- to 26s Gd Mercantile, buyer 40s , seller 41s., sales 40a. to 41s National, Molbourne register, buver £9 3«., seller £9 5a , sales £0 5s to £9 4s , do (new iasuo), buyer £8 16s 0J , seller £8 17B. Od , sales £8 17s National Queens land, buyor £3 7s., seller £8 12«. New South Vi ales, buyer £52 10s., do (new Issue), buver £50 10s , salos £6110s (cuni dlv ) New Zealand, buyor £19 12s. Od , seller £20, sales £19 16« Royal Bank of Queens land, buyer 09a., seller 71s, sales 70s, 3d Union, buyer £59 10s seller £60 6B, sales £60 Vio toria, buyer £31 6s , seller £34 16s , sales £34 to £24 10s. Gas.-Brighton, buyer 27a, seller 28s, sales 28s Geelong, seller £8. iootscray, seller 41«. Metro politan, buyer £12 8s., seller £12 10s, sales £12 Us. to £12 8s Williamstown seller41s Insurance -Australian Allianoo, buyor 80s Colo- nial Mutual Fire, buyer 8s 7iL, seller 4a. National Fire, buyer 12s, seller 12s Gd Southern, seller 25s United Australian buy cr la 6d , Bcller la Gd , salea la Gd Victoria, seller 30s. Browenos, ¿to.-Brewing and Malting, Melbourno, buyer 73a., seller 75s., sales 74a. Cascado, Hobart, buyer 14s. Castlemaine Molbourne bu) cr 80s. 3d , seller 31s., sales 30s Gd Perkins a, Queensland (new), bil} cr Ms Od., seller 21s 2d, Bales 21s. 4d to 21s. Tankard Malting buy er 10s , »ollor 10A 3d West End, Melbourne, bu}or 23s., seller 29s , Bales 28a. Gd. Trustées and Executors' Companios.-Perpétuel Executors and Trustees buyer 22s. 8tl . sellor ¿Ja Gd., sales 22s Gd to 22s. Now Zealand Trustees »oller 19s. 6d Irustccs I xccutors and Agency, bu} er 55s., seller 60s , sales 55s Union Trustees, seller 19a. Miscellaneous.-Coffee Taverns bu}or 20a 6d , seller 27s Gd Colonial Investment and Agency (£1 paid) buyer 20s, seller 21s sales 20s. Donil quin .nd Moama Railway, seller 90s Dalgety and U>, buyer £5 6s., seller £5 Sa salea £5 8s. Equitable Cooperativo, soller 9s Iroehold Invostmeut and Banking, bu}er 62s Gd federal Coffee 1 alaco, seller Ile U] J Kitchen and bons and Apollo Co , seller ras., siles 5Ss t-ancJanilB roundry Co seller 20s Metropolitan Permanent Building, sellor £0 17s. Gd Melbourne *-tora(,o, seller 80s. Mercan | tile, Finante and Guirantcc Co, buyer 30s, seller 82s., sales 31s Modern Permanent Building Society, buver _j 17- Od .seller £6 2s Gd Mont do Pieté, «eller Sa Cd Mutual Store buyor 60s Gd , seller 61s,aalcB 60s. (k1 to 51s. Newcastlo Coal, buyer £17 6s., seller £17 15s sale» £17 15s Northcote SSX, ,oU,r ls' 6J »»IM IM to 18s. 2d Promlor w, ."** llu^cr " J« a" 'cr £5 Sa R Golds .Síí iíoi""1 k baJ" -1" »tiler 21» Od sales aellerlOiTi11 .s<in«ttliig Investment bu}or Hs, 37' Sd _. |ï -. """'.'" s 9 0d- Mloi buyer 25s. IM" 3Í, %ÍQloñ!l ColIco T*<-o, Wallsend tovl buveïS -?," ' "lc\ 26B- M to £41 5s wÄrtr^i0! ,tr £i2 ",l08 i41 10a and Co, seller 4s ^.t,^",7.'- ,Wm U C,llloch Coal, buy or _? seller £7 V 3d "> 4s- w«""»»» fallvor and Hu Mine« -lirnt.» 11" L seller £44 5s «le« _!ib lita Î2 li.1l,_b,u»cr «« »O» . £33 10s. cum dlv £J7 ¿" rjí f?8»! Í ,ï £37 ^ 12s 6.1 ex dlv Broken hlfl s3u,h ¿ÍiU0í to £« (x1, seller 7s. Broken hill JinXn'C^T'cvf «oller 3s Id Dav Dream, buyer 3s 3d LiiL« ' sales 4a. 3d to 2s to Is' North UrotlicralioiV sellor 6s. North Broken hill buver Js. ¿d *,íi * 4« , sales 3s. (k1 to 3s to 3s Od Round hill' bm. r 90s., seller 0's, salea 60s to 60s to 102a ' Od to 90s. Gold Minea -Ballarat. Castlemaine Stawell &o; - Auatralasian and inicjenawk uilea 10a. 9d lo lit Band and Albion Consola buyer 7ÜS., Boiler 76« salos 70s Gd to 70s to 03s to 74s Berry Consols buyor £5 17a, »oller £0 6a Ben-} No l, buyer 50«.,Boiler 62s., aales f2s to 51» Black Jaek, bil) cr 30s., si lier 34s, sale» 28s ed to 20a ou Chalk's boyer 40i seller 4Ss sales 49s to 4Cs Chalks So, 1 buyer lw seller Ids sales 18s. 01 to 17s Cornish Daylesford seller 10s. Cumberland Block buyer 11s Gd »oller 16s. sales 10s to 11s. Od Gutiuine.ar buj er Cs , seller Ote HI, sales 6s. to ti» "Jd Uuk llmor, bujor »s Od seller 16s, tales 17s to 10». Duke Consols, bujer rs seller 6s Od , sales b3 to 's IM Leerton bujor 30s , «cllcr 32s , sale» 13» Ue| hum Estate buyer £6 1CK, seller £6 IJS , »aloa Í.Ü 11s Od to _ to xi 1-s. Hep burn lilncttuli, hu) er 9s. Al, seller Us ed, sales 11s. 31 to Je 01 Jeong Meng buyer A.5 6«., seller i.5 lui. sales "10s to £5 lus. Long Tunnel, buyer ¿B4 6s, seller £66 6a, »ales £74 to i.13 to £10 LongTunnul Extended, buver L8 ia seller £8 7s , sales £1) 8s. to " 4s Od Madame Borry, buver £14 10» , boiler £16 sales eins» to £14 IDs. Midas buyer 60s., seller COS, sales 07s. Ud tools Midas Consols, bil) cr b3 31, seller Bj. Du eales 10s Od to 8» Cd Midas King bujer 2s., sellers 3s., sales 3s Od tola. Od to 3s 3d Morgans Ircchofd, .buyer Is. 2d, scllor 1» Od , saliu Is Od h spier ouyer&O;* Oil, seller 82s., sales 83*. to 81s haw Beehive buver 31s., seller 81», sales 36s 01 to J2t hew Longfellow, buyer Cs. Gd , seller 7». 3d , eales 8» Od toluj Jd too» Od I*ew North Clunes buyer£11 10s, relier £12 ICH, siles £12 to £12 l63 New Toombon, bujer 0s Od, seller 7» Od sales 4s lOd. to 7s. to Os Od Queons Birthday, Dunolly, buyer 26s , seller 2 a., sale» 20«. to .0s 3d bouth Gorman buy er 10s. 81 , sutler Iii, sales 10*. 3d to 10s. lOJd Shaw» Beef, buy oro». Od seller 10s. Od, sales 10s to 11» Jd to lu». bUr of tin Kast buyer 44s, seller 46s., sales .illa 01 to 43» Od to 4" Ud to 40s Od to Mi. to 44s Toonl bon, buyor 90s , seller 1)7» Od , sale» loo» to 0£s Unity, Inglewood, buyer 7« 3d , seller 7s Od sales 2s. 9d to 7a 3d Victory, Lhartors Toners bujer 11s. 3d, seller 12a Od , sales 10» to 12s. Od VV est Loii|¡h lill, sales 11s Od to 12s. Od baniltiurst.-Collmaun and Taechi, buyer 6s-, »cllcr 6s 3d , baie» 8». lOjd to 6s. Od to 6s Id Crav cn, buyer 23 Id , seller 2s. 3d , sales 2s. 6d to 2s 3d Lil von s Tribute buyer _ 2d seller 2s. Od sales 2a. 3d., 2s. 2d 1 urrka Extended, buyer 7s. (k1 seller Be Oil, sales 8s Oil to 8s. 3 I Garibaldi, seller 12» , sales 12» 6d to 11» Od Groat Extended Hustler a Tribute, buy or 7s. 3d , seller Ss 3d , sale» Sa. Od to 7» Od John sons buy er 10s seller lbs Lazarus, buyer 17». Od , seller 18s 8d , sales 18s 3d to 18s. Ivew Chum Kail way, buyer 14s, seller 14s. Od New Viotoria Catherine buyer 8s. 3d , seller 10» Sd , sales 11» to lu». 3d Pearl buyer 26s., seller 26s 61, »ales 20s 6d to27s. to 2.1s Itoso of Denmark, buyer 10s. Od , seller 17». 3d badowa, sales 7s to us Od Shenan doab Bales 12s 9d to 11& 3d United Devonshire, buver lu» seller Us salo» 10s. Od to 10s 3d Vic- toria l^uuitz bujer 40» , seller 46s S10C1C AM) faUAlO LIST. Nov L Prioes. è 1 e 270100 312900 042881 lOuOOO 176000 200000 167000 162000 72DU00 601X100 600000 1310660 V lot Gov 6 per cents , duo 1839 VIot Gov 6 per cone» , due 1894 . V lot Gov 4 fier cent atook Melbourne Corporation Gpercont. Mulbouruc Corporation 6 por cent. Metropolitan Gas B por cent M and II li U Hallway 0 per cont M mid H B U Hallway 6 per cent bouth VV ales o per ecnt,duo 1002 Zealand 4 per cent. Queensland 4 per cent .us and six \ er cent_ It? PUBLIC Cour AMES .xg 13509' l¿ ÜJu fOüÜO JiOOO 40Ü-50 bOOOOO 800000 lOOOOOO 600000 1751)00 1000000 1500000 lUWOOü lOOOOOJ 720000 60000 : 35000 llSJli ¿oso : JU2U co;¿lu; 50000 coooo 40000 4493G 15213 200000 40000 luv KA Australian Dopt ) fciltge Bank j" Bil Baili Limit Do t new isauo Colonial of Austral Commercial oí Aus tralla (Limited) National of Austral asia 2îew Sou til Waloa J Viotonu (Mel ret; ) X Do (London reg ) Land AIurtgnL,ö i»ew Zealand Union Austral osla London Chartered ol A ut t ml ia Englibh, ¡áuottlsh. & Aus Chartered Cit\ of Melbourne Kderal of Au&tra; ia UASeOMlAMEtí DaUnrat Hendido Castlemaine Day lesf ord ( Li in i ted) Geelong iietro]K)]itAii IVSUKANCR. Australian Allianco National 1 Ere Insur south urn lnmimnco \ iLtoria 1 Ifo A, Gen Victoria lnsunuiui (Umltcd) MIBCtXhANFOUS. 'Gipps Lntt boam X l,lLUol(lsbrou),i)iiiCo lil ruste us I2\eeutors, and A(,onc> .J Co operative leo Co I Atibt. ¿toitgaL,o and Agency 3 Cae tie m no Brewery Melbourne Brewing and Malting Melbournolramwaj and Omnibus Mutual fa toro Terry a West-end Brew ery Equiuble Co opera live booie ty IU1LWA.8 Deniliquin A Moama n 10 SB 1658 B2 10i 150s. ISIS 68 SI J liajs. 26s. 61 80s. 01s. JSi. * Including- bonus LIVE STOCK REPORT. Thorû hate been passed through the market-yards at Flemington during tlio last fortnight about 3,500 fat cattle, 240 fat calves, 40 SOO fat sheep, and 12,500 /at lamba *at Cattle-Tiiosupp]} was made up of drafts from Victoria, »New boUth Wales, and Queens land, with a small consignment from New Zealand There was a full attendance of buyers, but In conso quenco of the lar?o number yarded late advanced rates were not maintained, the fall in value during the fortnight boin., from ¿Os. to 35t per head-heavy weights which ure not suitable for this season of the year Buff, ring the greatest reduction, fresh medium wcl^htsbelng in most favour with the trade Primo Eons of buitookB sold at from ¿.14 to £16 10A., single coots to X10 itood do from ¿11 to £13 , middling do , from £9 to £10 inferior, from £010s Prime pens cous from £10 to £12 10s t»ood do , from £8 to A.0 , middling and inferior, from £6 Fat Calves,-A largo proportion of the supply »as of middling and inferior quality Ide demand was brisk, and prices were slightly higher than last quoted Best sold at from 80s to 100s , good, from 60s to 70s., middling from 35s to 45s., inferior, from 20s., J-ac Sheep -Ihls market was I an. el j supplied On tho 10th iiiBt there was a firm demand for best do Bcrlpttons, which sold readily at prices fully equal to, thoso ruling the previous week, while other Borts, although not so saleable, showed no material altera Mon lu value, but last market day sales wera dull throughout- particularly for bheop in tho wool Prices for best shorn wethers uero about Gd per head oasier whllo middling and inferior qualities sold at figures Is per head under tho previous week's quotations Sheep In the wool woro difficult to ault at a greater reduction than abovu quoted Bent crossbred wethers (shorn) medium weights realised from 12s. to 13s , good do, from 10s (k1 to 11s Gd , middling and Inferior, from 7s Gd , best merino wethers (shorn) from 10s tolls good do, from 8s Gd to OB. Gd , middling and Inferior do , from Os tat Lambs -The demand was firm through out for good and primo qualities, which met a brisk Bale last week, ana on the whole Improvod rates wore wore realised Best sold from 10s to Ils Gd good, from 8s. to 9s , middling, from Gs to 7B., iuforlor, from 4 s Gd STOCKS IN BOND. The follow In? were the stocks in bond at Molboumo on Ootobor 23 -Urandy-4,067»; hhds 17 820 cases. Uum-1,7011 hhds, 1,0113 cases Geneva-14 hhds, 14 864 four nailon cases, 1,002 two trallon cases \\\ hlsky-J 760} hhds, 80,04 J cases Gin (sweetened), 2iU hhds, 2 663 cases. Cordials-1,008 cases bplrils oHUne-220 casks. Oth»r S>plrlts-07J hhds, 8,134 cases, tt Ino-1,7301 hhds, 18,420 cases, liecr-228 hhds, 86,126 casos and oasks. Tohacoo (manufactured) -2 half ticrcos, 27 quarter tlerucs, 484 throe quarter boxes and boxes, 6 605 oases lobacco (uninanu factured)-482 tiotoes, hhds, and casks, 430 cases, 840 bales, 020 boxes Candles-OS chests and oases, 4,036 boxes Cigars-1 247 casos herosono-72,014 casos Cocoa and Chooolato-1,100 packages ColToe 2 073 baits, 1 tierce, 47 cankB, 48 cases 104 barrels Branbags-614 bales Cornsacks-8,031 balea Wool packs-228 balos Chlcorv-1,772 packages Opium 130 packages Oats-10 013 bats Hops-DOS paokaKce «leo-22,227 bags, 71 tons Salt-42 400 bags Vlneitar-1000 casks, 1,787 cases. Toa-2,760 chests 168,678 half chests, 110 226 boxes Sugar, Mauritius-11 837 batts, 005 pockets , Réunion-2,100 bat», 1,783 mats ; other ports-16 404 baikets, 13,338 bags, 841 mats, reDnery-08 tons, 2,760 cases casks ¡SHIPPING FOR TUE FORTNIGHT. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AHD OtKAiUNCE« SINCE OUR LIST SUMUART [A, American , Au , Austrian , B , British , I! A British American , Belg , Belgian , Bo , Bolivian , Br , Brazilian , Cn., Chilian , Ü , Dutch , Da , Danish , F , French , O , German , I, Italian , N , .norwegian, P, Portuguese, 1'r, Peruvian, R., Russian, S , Swedish , bp , Spanish , sh , ship, bq , barquo , bg , brig , soil, schooner, s.a., steamer J Oct. ARRIVED 21 Woosune, Bos., 1,781, J D Q Arthur, Hong Kong, &c; -Lorimer, Home, and Co 21» Johann Kepler, O bq, 720, B von Oppcn, Draminen -O RUnlcko 22\. Atalanta, O bq , 1,017, 0. Sohado, Sundswall - Master 23 Miltiades B sh , 1,452, Harry Ayllng, London - Dalgotv and Co 23 lx>ch M03 1) sh , 1 224, John M'Lcan, Glasgow. John Sanderson and Co 23 ¡Sordstjornen, N »li, 1,213, O F Relncrtsen Saguenay, Gulf of hi. Lawrence-Dalgety and Co 23\. Lilla, G bg , 1,070, II. Ipland, Sundswall -John Sharp and bons. 25 Tasmania, H. M .» S, 4,488, Chas O Perrins, Lon- don, Se.-et \v Isiicrs 15 Pniorald, it bq , 708, O Petersen, Sodarliam - Master 25 Linda H ober, li sch , 114, J Bushell, Souraba) a. -Catherwood and Wolsbj 20\. Taupo, B SB, 737, t\ Fielding, FIJI -David Mills SO Kornmo, N bq, COS, A Kurtso, Skutskar - Mastor < bo. _... [urlc> 17\. Alexander Dllthlo, B bq , 1,150, A >V. Craigon, Slllidm all -O llUmi ke x3 Wallacetown, a sh , 1 020, John Wortley, Liver pool -Gibbs, Bright, and eo 23\. Gerd llojc, G bq , 673, II Hamer, Sundswall -Mastor 29 Maccallum More I) sh , LOOS, A. Smith, 1 rcdorliikstad -Jos lient} and Co 20 Hoval Allred, B bq, l,ls8, D Jamos, Now York -H S Chipman 20 Renown, G bq , 1 271, II Kosencau, Drammcn -OllibB Bright, and Co 20 Isorthcrn, B s le, 2,221, W Richardson, Houg Kong, to -Grlco Sumner, and Co ,Z\° *. s.s, 4,260, L. Boulard, Jlarsollles, So. in .T?»'««'* a"4 <-o ii. '"MT'°". O s s, 8,008, Frederick Kossljr, "remen, fco.-Ustoruioycr, Dowe«, and Co 8L Cuzco R.M S S , 8 840 W E White, landon, via Plymouth, i.e.- Gibbs, Bright, and Co OeT CLRARro OUT 20 balrnnls, n sh, 1070, W Phillp, London - Dalgety and Co 20 Hohenzollern, O s.a., 1,000 A Meier, Bremen via Adela! le.-Ostorme)cr, Dowe«, and Co. 20 Hainan), B sh , 1,232, Ii. G Milne, Quatre-Jno 111) th and Co 21 Carthnso K.MSS 25 8 Geo N llootor, Lon don via Colombo -Geo Withers 25 Monsune Il s.s 1 109 J D li Arthur, Hong Kong via b3 dney -Lorimer, Rome, and Co. 25 Monarch ii bq 823, Axel LmcrdAhl, Sourabayo. -S do Beor and Co 20\. Amazon, b bq 418, E Kordback, Guam -Hogg, Hoi bison and Co 26 Holurlch Bauer Q bq , 671, \V P A Frotwurst, Batavia-^Newell and Co 23\. Gull of \ enlco, B as , 1 004 D Swan, London, via Belfast and lortland - Dale,ct) and Oo 29 Dunloe B bq , 074 D Davies, Batavia.-D C Archer and Co 29 Llndus, B s s 1 OSO T Vi Bull London, via Adelaide - Uuddart, Parkor, and Co 29 Orient II If b a. 5 380 J K. Ridler, London, 4c -Gibbs, Bright and Co 31 Avenger 1) a, 1 Joo, J C Forguson, Loudon - J IL White and Co. 31 Taupo, B s s., 408 tons, F Fielding, for Suva, via Newcastle.-D Mills SHIPS CLEARED OUT WITH COLONIAL PRODUCE. Oor 20. Salamis, for London -13 pkgs furnlturo, 62 c« sauee 2 bis skins, 4 078 bli wool Hohenzollern, for Bremen via Adolalde-0 cs appartus, 6 pkgs uiorchaudiso, 63 bgs pyrites, 690 be.« ore Oer 21 Carthago, tor London via King Goorge's Sound and Colombo -3,000 bis wool 647 bl« loathor, 406 bis skins, 008 ingts tin, 6 os boeswax, 11 ok« roans. 828 cs potatooi, 77 pkgs oilmen a stores 12 hhd 7 qr cks wiuo, l8 pkgs merchandise and ufTeots, 1 bx bar silver (1,48632.), and l8 bxs spedo (valuo £45 805) Oor 26 Woosung, for Hong Kong, via Sjdnoy- 68 bl« wool Monaroh, for Sourabava.-06 oa biscuit«, 640 tns coal Oor 2a Gulf of Ventoo, for London -8,847 bl« wool OeT 29 Orient, for London -164 igts tin, 30 kgs butter, 2 OÜ8 carcases froren mutton, 2 023 bis wool 7 bia kangaroo skins 64 bis loather, 1 qr ok 2 cs wines, 43 ¡ikes merchandise and effeots, and 6 bxs sovereigns value ¿21 000), and original cargo from b)dnoy for London Undue, for London, v la Adolaldo.-110 bia wool Oer 30 Avenger, for London -400 tns phosphates, 800 sks copra, 94 cs limejuloe, 68 bis loather, 887 pps tallow, 6 137 bis wool, 23 lils basils, 209 bgs bark, 100 ospresorved moats, 40 bis skins, 19 pkgs sundries. Taupo for buva.-54 pke,s groceries, 12 cs drugs, l8 cs draperv and apparel, 6 cs tobacco and olga». 10 cs cordials 150 bgs Hour, 0 pkgs Iron 669 pkgs bis cuita 3 tiiks lime, 102 bgs potatoes and onions, 12 pkgs whisky, 10 pkgs bran 1} los« atches, 5 cs fruit, 26 pke,s vinegar, 83 pkgs merchandise PASSENGERS BY AND SINCE THE DE PA1UU11E OF THE LASP MAIL OeT 21. Carthage, for London, &0\. Saloon' lor Madras -Rev f J bmith For Colombo - Mr W hinton For Calcutta-Mr lind Mrs SI Klnlav lor Bomba}-Mrs Raddln Mr M Tighe For Suux -Miss Wright For Gibraltar-Mr and Mrs Taj lor. Miss Montague lor London-General lalrtlough and Mrs lalrtlough, Misses Presland, F Holmes, A B. Newman, Mrs Williams and three children, Mrs lteld's nurse and four children, Messrs It Crossman, J Thompson, Gaudier, Vi Gaunt, A. Tarby OeT 20 Orient, for London, via Adelaide, Suez, and Naples Saloon Mrs Worthington, Master Worthington, Miss Ora}, Mr Patterson, li A. Long, Mr and Mrs. bcharrer, two children ami nurse, Mr«. Henry Reed, Misses Reed (two), Dr II Grattan Guinness, F G Coburn Mrs, and Miss Clara VA nlstab, J White, Mr and Mis 1 Ihornton and four children, Mr Mel vin, aud 38 second and 79 third class. PASSENGERS BOOKED AT MELBOURNE PER MASSILIA. Nov. 4. For london-blr Qcorgo Straohan and Ben ant, Miss Pelly, Mr Malcolm, Rev A O Johnson, Mr KvanB Mr and Mrs Benson and maid, Misios Jen ninga (threo), Mr A. Hodderl), Mr D T Davlm«, Mr D 1 Ballam), Mr J A. M Ktinzlo Mr and Mrs Lau renee, Mr B Parkes, Miss A E Prior For Bombay-Mr J M Ivos, Mr and Mr« J A Jonos, Mr E Turrall, Mr and Mrs J Somerville For Calcutta-Mr and Mrs John bherldan, Mr and Mrs. Kirby, Mr and Mrs. Hagan, Mr Dunbar, Mr Morgan, Mr Ucllv, Mr Mitchell lor Colombo-Mrs. Edel stone _.. ._ 