floveltet ° E LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. CHAPTER XXXYII.—(Continued. , By BERTHA M. CLAY, AUTHOR OF " HIS ONE MISTAKE."^' THEOVN ON THE WOULD," - " A STRUGGLE FOE A EtNG," ... " A BITTEB ATONEMENT," ETC. Isabel appeared at breakfast, eo did Lord .Castlemaine. They , 6poke Tittle. lladqlph shrugged his shoulders when he found his wifewould not be atbreakfaet. Lord Oastlemaine did finally say to Isabel: " Ybu say you dislike Colonel Lennox. Why do you tolerate him, as you did last night, by . treating him a3' you do other men ?" : " Yoa forget," said Isabel Hyde, gently, "that I am not a leader in society. I have no one^ip support any stand I may make. My aunt thinks':! owe her a heavy debt of gratitude foe maintaining me here for two reasons, and- the only way I can pay that debt is by aiding her in every way-which she ' -requires to-make her home agreeable-and her entertainments a success. I cannot take an independent course. I~ wish I could. ^theii, too, Imaynot know about. Colonel Lsnnox all the evil that* you know of tiiift. for there may be many things that thinking suddenly that possibly " his wife might be as innocent of these scandals as \- Miss Hyde was. - * " At the same time," added Isabel, hastily, yqn have baen my kind, faithful friend. I respectyouropinionabbve all things, and if yon teli me that you think Ishorild ignore ColonelLencox.I should cer tainly endeavour jfco" do so ihevery way in my power.',' ^TheSettars were brought in. Lord Castlemaine took up his, and as he asked leave to open it he -wished, that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable,a temper as Mies Hyde. " > J ".Miss Hyde," ha ;said, presently, " I am called toNeath on business of much importance ; I most catch tbe next train. - Explain my absence to Gertrude j say I will xeturn to morrow. • He hastened/rom the breakfast-room, and toon left the house. :Isabel wrote a little card toLidy Oastlemaine, laid it with her letters, and'pave them to Fanby to take to her mistress. la a short time Fanny cams to say that Lidy Cistiemaine 4esired to see Miss Hyde. Isabel found her still in bed, her letters scattered about the counterpane. «'«So Budolph has rushed off to Neath?" "Yes. Are you_going to wear the willow in that behalf?" "No! But truly, Isabel, he is so dictatorial, so unreasonable, tbat I do not know What to say or do. I feel as if I lived on the side of a volcano, or in wretched earthquake lands.; Now here, my-ihother has written. She is not so well. She cannot leave Bath, and she has her business to do, and has sentfor Mr Grimheld, our solicitor; but then the business cannot, be done unless «he seei. me, and she desires me to come down, this after- noon, for three days. Now, if I go right ofi, whoknows but Budolph will go into another fury over-that?'; " Of course he could not. , He would not be Jealous of your mother. Nothing can be more roper than to go to her; you can take J'anny. f here is no question about it. Ypdr mother needs you. She may bs more ill than Bhe ®ays. I should be anxious, were I in., your . place." . . " And you think that I should go ?',' " Certainly. There will be a train at four o'elock,from Common street: I coent several months at Bath, with Aunt Cresson." "Will you coma wife" me, Isabel? You would not wish to stay here without me, and yoa might as well go to Bath as to your JLunt." .' 1 \- " Certainly I will go, if you desire it." * 5 ;Well, then, ring for FanDy. I will have her pack my things, and I Will write a note to . Uudolph, inclosing my mother's letter. We go at foui^.. I almost think I will enjoy.it; it will be a change, and Budolph will have time to oome to hie senses." . The letter to her husband was of the cu rtest. 'Gertrude was yet deeply angered at' what she considered the inexcusable attack of. the pre viouse vening. To cut short her pleasure, \- her pretty social-triumph with each furious, cruel words! . While <x*rlrude wrote her letters, breakfasted, and had seme talk with her housekeeper, Isabel went quietly, to the neareBt telegraph olSoe and sent this dispatch to Colbnel Lariho?: "G. and I go to Bath,'to Lady Craven, for three days. We take the 4 P.M. train." An hour after Colonel Lennox received this hetook the traip to Charing Cross station for Ipswich—a journey of which be took especial pains to-inform his friends. At four the next the next morning he reached Bath, by a train from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a roundabout tour, which the colonel took with •vast delight. An evening with her mother, recounting all social news, and all the,events of the season, restored Gertrude's spirits. Lady Craven's illness were evidently, most'of them, fancied,, and she was looking fresher than ever. By autumn the little fiction of ill-health would all be done away with. In the morning she insisted that Gertrude and Isabel must go out fox a walk, and to drink the waters. Mr. Grimheld was not to oome for business talk until one o'clock lunch. Lady Craven was on terms of great friendliness with her lawyer, whom she had known since her second IBarrtegs, and who bad' been her husband'? warmest friend. Gertrude h^d been accustomed to regard the lawyer almost as one o! her family, and it had been pleasing to her that he was also in charge of the affairs of the Castlemaine estates, and highly regarded by her husband. - - • - . • Scarcely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they were joined by Colenel Lsnnox, who met them, orying joyously: " This is an unexpected pleasure." " It certainly is unexpected," said Gertrude, as she gave him her hand. " I am on a sudden summons from my mother. As I said before, you meet us as ifyou were inspired by a tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit. Which is it?" , " If we were either, tbe genius should have my deepest gratitude, 6aid Colonel L?nnox, with a glance at Isabel, unseen by Gertrude. " And, pray, when did you come?" asked Isabel, calmly. " Day before yesterday. I heard that an old friend, a major of my regiment, wag here sick. There is a strong fraternal feeling among officers, you know, and I came here directly I left Lady Craven's tableaux. Very charmicgi were they not? I recall them ;with joy. I never saw anything so beautiful. We had poetry, painting, and scnlptureall together—a true soul-feast. I shall recall it in; distant wilds and jungles or deserts, many a time, doubtless. The flower show here is just opening, and is said to havesome very remarkable orchids., Will you visit it ?" They lingered among the flowers until twelve, and Colonel Lsnnox escorted them to Lady Craven's door. Bath Isabel and Gertrude refrained from mentioning whom they had met. -Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had, in fact, known for some time'that a disreputable old~major of his acquaintance jwas trying,-with Bath water, to restore a system. destroyed by brandy, but he had no idea of visiting him until he found that he could make h»m a good excuse-for his appearance in Bath. "And how have you spent the morning?" asked the major. , " ^ " Most charmingly. I met Miss Isabel Hyde, a brunette, who drove ^pndon society quite wild two seasons since, and yet reigns 'in maiden meditation, faficy, free.' Aid, h c also, Lady Gertrude, who crowned her first season by marrying the Earl of Castlemaine." „ > "I know,""said the major, eagerly; "a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys the income from tbe estate, but the entire property of her lather will revert to the daughter. Ah I Castlemaine was in rare luck always. He had all that , fortune could give him in his own behalf, and gets what the French call an enormous dot with his wife He'll have it alL" '' Not if he happens to die before his motherin-law," said Lsnnox. "Not much likelihood; a young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." •"Or if he should happen to—get divorced," said Lsnnox,"before his mother-in-law died.- In that case the lady would inherit in her. ; own behalf." " Divorced 1" cried the major, with a roar of laughter. " Yon don't seem to know that that was a love match, and that Lady Castlemaine, as Miss Craven and as Lady CaEtlemaice, is a true model of propriety. The Snow Qaeen—the White Base, they say." "No doubt—no doubt; but modem society iseoqaeerly constituted, and eoeial life ha3_ now so many .fantastic ways, one never knows what may happen.*' " T7.jmftf ia.Ug whpijgnch men as you are let loose on society, Lennox, said cue major, sneeringly, . . "lam not numbered.among the Castlemaine 6£t," said the colonel, coldly,^hanging the conversation. Lord Castlemaine returned home. to find his^ wife and Isabel absent; and the cold note of ..Gertrude, containing the letter cf her mother, explained the absence, but did not coxnfort his heart. ' Going to dine at his club, he heard"Colonel Lennox mentioned, with thG hews that he had gone to Ipswich) and* also, tbat his regiment might at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castlemaine felt tempted to foment wars and discords abroad, so that by the withdrawel of a dangerous element he might have peace at borne. Gertrude returned at th.e time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly wide; the coldness between the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it,' in the highest spirits. There were no more looks of tender lova, eager confidences," true,, heartfelt compliment; each heart was wounded; each one felt the other the most to blame, and neither proud heart would bend to blame itself. In another montb they would go to Neath for a rest, after tbe excitement of the season. To that Lord Castlemaine secretly looked forward. He would have his wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgiveness might follow. He did not wish even Isabel invited to acaompany them. Lady Gordpn gave a garden party. Her garden- parties were considered the very crowningtestivitiesof the season—the lovely grounds b?c*ine a true arcadia. . Isabel was charming in pink and puffed tuUe- but what was Isabel in comparison with the beautiful Lady Castlemaine", in a drees of the faintest sbade-of bias, trimmed with white watexj-lily buds in her g Men hair, water-lilies half-open about her snowy shoulders that outgleamed the flowers, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from her dainty waist, along the shimmering folds to her feet. Lord Castlemaine's heart grew very tender to so much beauty.. They bad been together; then friends had called saoh one away. Suddenly Lord Oastlemaine met the; two friends whom he had overheard talking in the clubhouse, and the' sight, of them always reminded him of the culpable carelessness- of husbands. . . • .He turned to find his wife. He went here and^there. Finally he saw her.- Evergreens foiled a circle around a fountain. In that seclusion and coolness, he heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with theplaBh of waters. She sat on the marble basin of the fountain, and was idly floating is the water & lily she held in her own white hand. She was looking up and. chatting with some one, who bent over her with evident admiration to every line of his face. - That man was Colonel Lsnnox. CHAPTER XXXVHL A CRISIS OF FATE. When Lord Costlemaine saw the pair by thejouot^in, he was wild with jsaloua rage. That any man should dare look on his wife with such adoring admiration! The fact was,, that Gertrude had become - accustomed to Colonel Lennox's adoring, passionate gaze, and merely considered it " his way of looking," withdut considering what it meant. His first impulse was to spring forward, seize his wife's hand, and lead her away— away from the garden-party, away from London, away from England I But Lord Castlemaine belonged to a class which, however hot may be its passion, is schooled in self-control ; repression, decorum, these were his earliest lessons. He checked himself a moment to take his breath—to become master of himself. In that moment the Duke of Portsea, with Lady Gordon on his arm, stepped from the circle of evergreens and stood before the countess and the colonel. Lord Oastlemaine was not near enough to hear what was said; but there are actions that have a clear voice. After the interchange of a few sentences, Lady Gordon laid her hand on the colonel's arm, and they moved out of sight, while tbe Poke of Porteea gave his arm to Gertrude, and they directed their steps towards the conservatory. Lord Castlemaine understood it all. The conduct of-his wife was giving rise to comment and suspicion; Lady Gordon had intervened to save the imprudent Gertrude from her own folly.; the fatherly old duke was quietly defending Lady Caetlemaine from a dangerous man. * Bidolph's heart burned hotly. His wife in this terrible position I But he must control himself; they were near him. The eyes o£ husband and wife met. His flamed indignation ; hers shot defiance. Possibly the good duke saw these signals of warfare, and eo threw himself into the breach. \- " Ah, Castlemaine 1" he cried, " your wife has honored me by going with me to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron; it took the prize at -the show in Bussell Square last week; therefore, it is the finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and we go to pay our homagelo it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner; age is now graced by beauty. Will you come with us, or are you satisfied with the company Bhe is in?" Lord Castlemaine bowed low. " My wife could not be in better company than'she is in now." Gertrude understood him. He had seen her with Lennox. The . hand on the duke's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that she were alone, that she might burst into angry tears. She was, then,'watched, spied, condemned 1 There would follow further scenes of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. Sae preferred psace, but a peace in which she might have her own way. Bother than yield to injustice, to indignities, to arbitrary rules, she would quarrel v to the bitter end. Probably a beautiful rhododendron was never looked on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lord Castlemaine withdrew from the frequented walks; he could not bear to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave himself up to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed eoboeing condemnations of the folly of Gertrude. What ope was there for one headstrong against ounsel, lenient to vice, careless of her own dignity? He did not know that only the first of these charges held good against Gertrude. Lady Gordon came and placed herself at his side; die laid her hand bn his arm. " You look sad, my friend?" Lord Castlemaine knew that she had something to say, and if this subjeot must be opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a wom^n of good jaiguiani, MiSn with any other. " I am sad," he said. " I am bitterly disappointed, mnch perplexed." "The task of guiding a beautiful wife, so young as yours, through the quicksandsfof modern society is not an easy one," sail Lady Gordon. "You mast remember that what makes it so hard is the very thing we most admire. Innocence, incapable of wrong*; doing, ignorant even of what wrong ia; simplicity and frankness tbat conceal nothing— these make Gertrude's danger." " To think that rr-y wife could be in danger 1" "Not in danger of any wrong-doing, balieva me, bat of criticism and slanderous tongues. - You should warn -her against Colonel Lennox. He ia payiog hfer very pointed attention, and she does not know it." " I have warned her in the strictest manner, oyerand oyer." ^ .. ^ - that modern society admits freely whose slightest '/attentions are dangerous to our innocent young matrons and maidens. Ail sach evil-doera should be banished; but they are not,-and no one of use' is brave enough to begin a just By stem of black-balling," . * . - " Then, as such. men cannot be banished, the only things that remains is to take the unfortunate women that they venture to admire out of their way." " I think that is the best plan. By the next season he will no doubt be gone, and she will have gained experience." " I have thought of going at once to Neath." " I should do so. I have passed these idlehints unheeded, as nothings; though I did think -it a, little reckle33 of Gertrude to ask a man like Lsnnox to a garden luncheon. I have heard, too, that he has said he should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped thaif; Lady 'Castlemaine would honor him by presiding. But when I heard that he followed her to Bath, it really seeined to me to be going too far." " To Bath I" faltered Lord Castlemaine, his heart growing cold. " A friend of mine wrote that he saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney hardens with Colonel Lennox. I thought as the news had so come to me, it might equally have reached others, and lest, idle tongues should begin to talk, whim I found he had wandered ofi alone with her, £ went and took him away." " I thank you." Bat the tone of these words made Lady Gordon trenkble. " I beg your pardon, my friend," she said, " remember that in such a case great gentlenesses needed as great firmness. I asture you, your wife is as pure and simple as a child. You must bs tender. I should have had my son ruined, if to great .firmness, I had not known how to add patience and tenderness." , "All do not possess those gracious qualities," said Lord Castlemaine. " They must cultivate them. They are indispensable. You must seek them, my friend. You Will repent all harshness. Ba gentle. B^msmber, also, ' that every good and perfect gift is from above, and Cometh down from the Father of light.' " Pressing Lord Castlemaine's hand, Lady Gordon moved ofi among her guests. Lord and Lady Castlemaine were the first to take leave. "I do not wish to go," said Gertrude, pettishly. " I am enjoying myself. Isabel is not ready. Send the carriage back for us." ' " Isabel can bs left ..under the chaperonsge of her auat. I desire that you will accompany me at once." Not a word was spoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Castlemaine said: "Gertrude, will you kindly come to the library ? I wish to speak with you." I cannot. I am tired. I must go and change my dress." "That can wait. I insist upon you -coming,"to hear what I have to say." With a haughty step Gtertrude entered the library, and threw herself into a chair. " Well ?'' she said, eharply. "Gertrude, you have not 1 regarded my wishes about Colonel Lennox." " I treat- Colonel Lsnnox ju3t as I treat others. He is nothing to me." " I do not wish him treated as others. He is unworthy of it." " I cannot make myself absurd by variations of conduct, as if I thought awj/ acquaintance was of any consequence." " You could regard my wishes if you would. By neglecting them you are making yourself the subject cf suspicion and of .the moBt unpleasant remarks. The Duke of Portsea and Lady Gordon were to- day obliged to make evident effort to save my wife frpm scandals and me from disgrace 1" Gertrude flashed crimson. " What do you mean ?" she cried. " I can lake care of myself! Who dares speak harshly of me ?'? " Very many envious tongues, and you are ifiording them cause. You are no more japable of taking oare of yourself than a child ust bat of tbe nursery. I thought you were —you are not. You have deceived me. met Colonel Lennox at Bath." " I know I did 1" cried Gertrude, u just as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; he went before I did. Isabel and I met him by chance at the gardens, and he walked to my mother's door with us." (She refrained from mentioning other meetings at Bath; why add fuel to the flame ?) " How dare you say I deceived you? Do you not know that I scorn a lie and all deceit ? I tell you it was mere accident, that meeting." "Since you say so I believe it, on your part, but net on hi?. It was no accident his being invited here to lunch." " I did n«t mean to do that," said Gertrude. " It was an accident in away. But why should I not invite him ? He is a man that I like. Osher people like him, aad invite him ; why should your jealous ill-temper put a constraint on my most innocent acts? " "I am appalled at you, I blush for you! " cried Lord Castlemaine. " Colonel Lennox is a man of bad character and bad life; will -you not believe what I say to you, again and again ? " " I believe that yon believe, but I do not believe it is so. Prejudice has blinded you. I see other people receiving and approving him; I see the queen honoring him; I hear him exprees the noblest sentiments; I know that he is a hero; I; " "Enough 1" cried Lord Castlemaine, in furiaied. "I would not have believed that you could think or say such things. We go to Neath to-morrow morning. I will save my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at once? " No, I will not 1" cried Gertrude. " I will not be dragged ofi like a criminal; I will not be shut up like a maniac. I have engagements to the close of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, and we cannot close our doors to her. You will make me the talk of society." " You are fast making yourself that," said Lord Castlemaine, angrily. " If you will not give the order to your-maid, I'must; for we shall leave in the ten 1 o'clock train to- morrow. As for Miss Hyde, she can go to .her aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon.' Lady Gordon, at least, will understand why we^o." " If my mother were here I. would go to her, and free you of responsibility for me," cried Gertrude. " Husbands cannot be freed from responsibility in such a.way," said Lord Castlemaine. f I should not allow you to stay in London. It is my duty to remove you from scenes of temptation and danger, in which you evidently do not know how to guide yourself. Will you give your order to Fanny ? " "Decidedly I will not." Lord Castlemaine rang the bsll for the butler. " Robert, you will send a page with a telegram to Neath, saying that we leave for there ia the ten train to-morrow, and will remain there for the rest of the summer. You will arrange with the housekeeper for closing this house fo£ the season at once. Order my man to pack all my things immediately fGr leaving; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for immediate departure, and have all ready for the morning train,-if she has to work all night. We will have no delays." The butler bowed. He was too discreet to look at his lady; but .she-was standing in apparent indifference, looking out into the garden. When the butler had gone sheturned tnieave the room. " Is there anything "else you wish, Crsrtrude ? " said Lord Castlemaine, in an unfortunate attempt) to carry out Lady Gordon's programme cf gentleness. " I wish nothing," said Gertrude, with passion, " except that I had never seen you. You have.disappointed me. You are not as I thought yoa. You are my enfemy. Ycu are cruel and delight in making me wretched. I wish I had retained my freedom..- You take pleasure in "Showing me that I am no better than your slave. At least a slave can exercise the right of hating the chain 1 " She Ufi the room with these words. She was swept away in a frenzy ci passion. In all her life she had been petted and indulged, and if her mother bad desired her to pursue any especial sparse,-it had been craftily arranged so as to seem dictated by herself. Here was the first instance of reproach, of correction, of condemnation that she had ever known. And she had b:en attacked in a point where she felt herself so innocent, so above all challenge.- Had she not always rebuffed the compliments of the colonel ? Had ha ever been asked to her home exempt to that one tea, and to that fatal lunsh, when Isabel really had invited him ? Had she not alwsy? loved and admired her husband, and had she ever in the slightest thought of her heart given him oause for jealousy ? And now she was to be made the puppet of his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper 1 She hurried to her boudoir and locked herself in, without stopping to take ofi her feBtal splendors, where the water lilies were already drooping and fading over the eheeii of the Bilk. CHAPTEB XXXIX. NO HOME WHEBE HEART IS NOT. Night brings counsel. When first Gertrude went to her room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futile schemes. She would send a telegram to her mother and make her come quickly and open her own louse in Portman Square, and take her daughter home. But. she knew that Lady Craven would not do that. Lady Craven abhorred scandals, of all things. She wouM not be a party to her daughter breaking up her ;m&med; life and home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a countess, and she would consider it a very small thing to sacrifice an acquaintance, and a little self-will, for the sake of the coronet and the splendid position of the Castlemaines. Then Gertrude wished she might run away and lose herself to every one whom she had known. She had read of people who lived quietly in little, unknown lodgings; and went and came as they chose, who had no one to molest them, and lived in humble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn : " I swear 'tis better to be lowly born, And raEge with humble lovers in content, Than to be perked up in a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow." For more than two hours Gertrude pursued in all its mazes this dream of disappearance and a lowly life. Poverty she bad never known,"even far off, and it had no terrors for her. It was a vision and a plan that afterward proved utterly disastrous to her. Fanny was busy in the adjoining rooms, making ready for the departure. Gertrude finally composed her appearance, and called the girl to aid her in changing her dress. She would give rise to no surmises and impertinent discussions among servants, and if she finally concluded on any plan, she must be calm and strong to carry it out. At-dinner-iime she went down, cold and stately, but her husband had left word that F he should dine at his club. Isabel came runing in, all alert. " Gertrude 1 why did you leave so early ? Were you ill ? " No—quite the contrary—Rudolph wished it." "Whata pity. It was such a delightful party. I made quite a conquest of an old Indian nabob—he had been married to a begum with no end of treasures, and she died and he possessed all. If 1 felt quite sure he would follow so laudable an example, I would possibly take his name for a little while, to have his rupees for a long while. But, Gertrude, why are yoa eo pale and doll? Yon are ill; and I seem to hear the 'stir of preparation in the house—the breaking up of a camp. What does it mean ? ' ' It means," 6aid Gertrude, with repressed passion, " that L 3rd Oastlemaine sees fit to break up here, without warning, and order the household down to Neath to-morrow morning. I em very scrry for you, Isabel. It is most disgraieiul cf us to incommode you in this vray. You do not wish to go home nntil the dope cf I he season. You will not want to go to L\dy Cresson." " My dearest I I am dieiurbed, not on my account but yourp. I can go to Miss AUerton she has asked me repeatedly, and I am to be her first fcriicsaiaid you know, bs I waByoure. Is is unlucky for a girl to be first brides maid often ; she i3 never bride." ' So mut-h the better for heijl" cried Gertrude with emotion. " My dearest 1" said Isabel, taking her hand, and csressing it % " I am eo grieved for you. I understand this. It is Castlemaine pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. But tbe method is medtsval. I had no idea this Lord Castlemaine would follow the example of his ancestors." " What ezample.do you mean ?"' "Why, do you not know? Are you so little read in the traditions of your ancient family." "It is not my family. I believe I "hate antiquity and pedigrc-e." 4 1 So do I, always except in tbe directions cf old lace and hereditary jewels. But the instances are these.. Charles II. looked approvingly at a Lady Castlemaine—not that she ever saw the look—but tbe lord and master promptly carried her off to Neath, and there garrisoned himself -with her in safety, till the perisd of their joint lives. Another Lady Castlamaine, of a musical taste, admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of tbe opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ or pess bly a music-box, and she also was swept off to Neath, and she never came back. For her no more opera, or theatre, or ball, or gsrden party, cr high tea, or tableaux 1 Poor ecul, she might better have died and done with it ? Why did she not t&ke; a dose of poison, or an «aspic,' like Cleopatra." "If eiLher of them had any sense, when they were tired of captivity, they might have run awayacd hidden themselves." " There were no railroads in those days, nor steam vessels to the Continent, or to the other side of the world. My dear Gertrude, if you mean to resort to such desperate measures, lay by you a noble store of pinmoney and jewels, for in this age even a " heroine.cannot live without cash," Dinner was served. " In the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs; their perfume filled all the room. ' " White lilacs so late in the season 1" cried Isabel, and-running to the table, she bent over, drew the centre-piece'to her, and buried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass. " Flowers I flowere 1" ehe whispered, " you are my witnesses. Am I not keeping my vow ? A little longer, and all will be done 1" Shortly after dinner Gertrude excused herself to Isabel and went to her room. A little later Lord Castlemaine came- in, and finding Isabel in the drawing-room, Explained as well as he could the sudden departure. "Pray don't speak of it. I think you are very wise. You are doing jaat right. I will go to Mies AUerton. I have sent her a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, eo safe, so sweet, so noble 1 Nothing to do but be good and happy. Ah, If I had aa home like Neath, I think I should ask no titling oeuer than 2frto 10 itve iaem an tna timer doing good to my tenantry; making the country better and happier, and upbu lduig the glory of an illaatrioashistoric name. ;> Night brought counsel. Gsrtrudesawplainly that her own dignity required that she should go quietly to Naatb. If she made any escapades, it must be when driven to greater extremes. As for Lord CasHernainejT his heart had gro^n apathetic with excess of bis musing. He did not know that he was misjudging his young wife. The lovely fabric of his hope and affection seemed to have fallen in . ruins about him. The future washopeless—the present was pa'*D. * Lord and Lidy Castlemaine breakfasted alone in utter silence. ' In silence they entered the carriage to go tp the station —in fcilence they made the journey to Neath, in the reserved, first- class oar. It was only about a year sicca, full of joy and lope, Gertrude had gone to her new home after her bridal tour. Then time was all to short for the overflowing words of affection between the married lovers. Now all was gloom and silence. Gertrude fixed her gaza upon the landseape—it wa3 beautiful Kent, with its low, green hill?, its cathedrals, its villages, its thatched cottages. Lord Castlemaine read the London Tim's. Intensely truthful and honourable, Gertrude was wounded in her tenderest sensibities by the suspicions and accusations of her husband. One of her traits was obs'tinacy, and in this she shut herself up. She would never yield; Rudolph must eomelo see that he had wsonged her, and must make the humblest apologise. She did not know that she could forgive him even then. On his part, Lord Castlemaine, beholding her anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colorfel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. He- could not have made a greater mistake. All the joy of a return to his ancestral home,, which be deeply loved, was taken from Lord Castlemaine. Gertrude regarded Neath as a prison, and hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this illfated pair. Very often Gertrude did not come tp breakTast. If she did, she met her husband with a cold nod, andr the two read their letters and their newspapers as they sipped their tea and ate their eggs and toast. After breakfast Lord Castlemaine busied himself with the cares of a great estate; be wrote, and saw his steward in the library; he took long rides to examine different farms, ox visited cottages that were in need of repairs, ox school houses which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests,had baen discussed with Gertrude. She had gone with him on horseback to the fflrmfl; she had enchanted all the tenants with h6r courtesy; she had- called &t; the school-houses; and fascinated the old bachelor rector in the rectory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful hand. v The two met eb dinner, but neither askedthe other how the day had been spent; there were no animated discussions. Gertrude did not teli Budolph of the young mother whom she bad found weeping over her dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had comforted; nor did Budolph aak Gertrude for a wedding trousseau for the gamekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Bsdmoss. After dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alone in his library, or smoked his cigar as he paced the terrace. Lady Castlemaine walked alone, in the gardens, cr sat with some idle knitting in her hands, or sat down to her piano, which she pointedly left, if her husband appeared. Suah a life as this ia killing, especially if it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring of youth. Lord Castlemaine had the relief of occupation, for he was a landlord who realized his duties toward his dependents. Gertrude had two sources of relief, one was long walks, and hoars of wandering in the wide and beautiful grounds of Neath Abbey. There she found not only Irim gardens, shaven lawns, parks delicately Cleared of all undergrowth, but wild streams, ieep, lonely dells, thick woods, winding walks among the firs, where for hoars sbi would hear no step save her own. She became accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go for hours unaccompanied, to wander ia the abbey parks. The year before she had been deeply , interested in the tenantry, especially the poorer class. Her unboanded generosity found scope among these, who looked np to her as a visible Providence. - The large sum which she received as " pin-money" from her husband, and that other large sum, which Lady Craven relieved her mind by regularly remitting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to her knowledge. - The_ housekeeper,'mindful of her lady's diepodtioD, as soon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all eases of need—this one sick, that old-dame gone blind, the mother whose children needed to~ be fitted out for fchooi, the baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheelchair, the young girl that should learn a trade. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of these pleals; and in them ehe found soma relief for her Borrows. In her hours of lonely musing as she rest Iessly wandered alone, she tried to form some plan for her future. This life would become unendurable; she would go mad. After a while she would insist on going to her mother at Eastdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. Jloanwhile, not knowing what might happen, Bhe recalled Isabel's advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a locked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it to sea how much She had, but the veiy fact of thi3 saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. She felt sure that Budolph, if he had ever loved her, had now changed love to hate, and she never considered that disappearance would crush lier mother's happiness. She supposed that soeiety would console her mother for anything. ^She did hot yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, his soul fuU of bitter pain over his lost love and blighted home, he saw a young carpenter of the village searing his own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months before the earl, who had given him a.splendid set of tools as a bridal gift. Now this young workman was going home with eager face and long, swinging strides,; and now, from his door came out the young wife, joy ia her pretty face, a little infant in "a gown of, sprinkled pink" lying oh her arm, and went to meet : her husband, whom ehe greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kinged, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident pride and astonishment at its beauty and brightness; then taking his wife'B hand, they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy; voices ooming clearly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through his soul. When he lifted his head: again he. was passing the window of. a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrude, in; her white dress of Indir mull, and her clusters of roses, and on her lap lay the cottager's babe in its white christening robe. How lovely was Gsttrade ; what sweetness in her face, bent above the little babe. The picture pursued herhusband' and filled his dreams through all the night. - CHAPTEB XL. A TENDER. PtiNT. you not try and be a little happier here ? You aave lost aU your gay spirits. I think you ire a little pale, and you are listless and sad Cm'ycu not cast away all that is unpleasant in the past, and be happy ?" " No, I cannot 1" said Gertrude, sharply. " And why not, Gertrude ?" ^ " BacauEe I have nothing to he happy about." ."It seems to me, on the contrary, tbat you are one whom all can envy; health, youth, oea^ty, fo.rtune, position, home——" " Prison, you mean," interrupted Gar trade. : t You oan fasten birds up in a cage, but you sannot make them "sing there.',' " I am sorry if my home—if Neath Abbey,' is a prison to ycu." "I hate Neath Abbe/1" cried Gertrude hotly. ; • * .. " Can I takja you anywhere Where you will be happier. Will you goto Switzerland? Or shall I tak3 you to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. You may like the scenery there." , ^ " I,do not wish to be talan anywhere. It is the taking that I object, to. You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and as a married woman. I suppose legally I am the latter." " Gertrude, you surprise me 1 Why-do you cherish these feelings toward me." ' "Because you. have given me the bitterest ^ occasion. You took, me away from Londcn against my will, and as if I were a criminal I Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes 1 Sconrton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary of answering questions about Lady Oastlemaine. You have disgraced me, and deiib;r ately ruined my life. You could not havt been more cruel. You said once, that yoD could be cruel to one you fondly loved. 1 must take the cruelty then as a proof thai once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, and I would rather havelesslove and less hate.' " Believe me, Gertrude, I have loved you,} do love you with all my heart—with the whol' strength of my nature." -" And you prove it by maki&g; me miserable—causelessly miserable 1 I with hone of such love." The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to ber room to. avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Castlemaine told himself that thie was the wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any interference. Bj degrees the excitement^ and passion rif hei having London would be a thing of the past 2nd they would be reconciled. He had hoped that there being alone would Iraw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence.' It seemed to put them farther asunder. A third petty would. make it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. . As for Gertrude, the short, conversation ir. which she ha& so illy met her husbandV pac : fic advances aroused to fresh heat all ber anger. As she had said, she nourished an ia cense hate of Niath. Shs hated-: the family -elics, the armorial bearing?, all'that bespokt the antiquity of the line. She told herself thai it was pride of pedigree that made Budolph •so exacting; he felt tbat he could dominate •let because " his family was better than hers." Se had said so. Waat an insult 1 Of all shing; she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits; she hated those dark, proud , jelf confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, " Castlemaine against the world 1" 1 It is just the story of the old French sieur put into Englieh i " cried Gertrude to berEelf. " There is the pope-, and there is the king, but I am a Castlemaine 1" But of all things she hated the portraits of the Ladies Castlemaine—those mild, delicatefeatured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some of the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. Miny of them for sole accomplishnents playing on the spinet, and working on the tambour-frame ; but they had aU known how to obey, and it was this feminine meekness and weakness that had ruined the earls of Castlemaine. " Well, at last there should be a Lady Castlenaine who would hold her own and fight to ;he death. \- " I wish," she cried to them 1 1 that you would all come alive frames just one minute, to wlia^l^r^ I think you, and le&^ou know) that higher spirit than you. It'-wj^V^-^^L.,. ^something even to; disgrace the nat^ dl/ B.qpi> a weak- minded line of countes^,th^|^n^ of you able to claim your own: soul : fdryomg': «wn.i" , - Gertrude's state of excitement was >8qphf that she did not Bee the abaurdity ol this^ut^ burst to the family portraits. -She '•wia'^M. ^ singularly excited nervous "state whieh ib^?:?; did not realize and the true caiise J of wWc 1 '' she did not guess. \ ..;.''...}' \- Unfortunately, the only r^pn ^tb^V iMwL Castlemaine could assign tihaed anger and obatinaoy was ^be Hpge^ regret for Colonel tensely jealouB.dieposition, fendl^c^a'i. people say that Colonel singularly fasdhatiog^^ffl^fSo^J^ able to «z^nse't>ver raiBiiithe m^jwikm^p^i influence,- The idea that Colonel Lennox jia dared to follow his wife to Bath l^vehi^i^i^l he accepted Gertrude's nothing to do with it, it showed '-^arlyS^^lg the colonel wasmffielmi^.lnmai^!^^^^ all her movements, a^d that WJ&ft; fident of a good reception'jat hW hands- Gertrude , was his wife ; he ^lov^ ' her'^eU.^ footing, if she would lay asude; her -pique ;ati$i treat him as in happy days; of heedlessness, the folly of perience. He must close up the breach them at all hazard. ' • . . . " Gertrude was sitting- in one of tbia long,-, open windows .of the Neath drawiag-oroom,i :^ looking upon -the terrace, her; hands in-hi&y;^ lap, her head leaned back against the orimsPit' It chair- cushion.Lord Castlemaineeame#pbs£-' bind her and laid in her lap two hea^biin^ei^ of white'roses. : - j -"•'••'.' " See, Gertrude,, y6ur own flowers J shall grow famous for ohr xose^ sdoa.^^pnD-l son thinks he can prodoce-a new very crown of white roses. We will t^if • White Castfemaine.*" " Why,'you have no flowers on ypor dregs*; as you usually-have 1" f-' "; " Flowers are for the happy.'V " But I wish you to "Yes, in your way; but ha^inessis-hbt:; made to order." •' - "' •"...... "At least you can wear soma fluwere 1 See, I Will;arrange^you a olusterfdr yourJ>elt?*f He began breaking ^gS an combining tha ? flowers, and then bent to pat the: fall claster ? in its place. Gertrude ?ufferedhim to but only as one who - cpndjne?. W&en; iur: H ha4. finished, sbe said .J ^ ; • "I dont love flowers as oace I did; tho ,odor is too hefflvy. it overpowers me," «.cd 1 _ shepushed the remaining bldssom&fnwi; ^er 4ap. % >.. • - - 1 ' v ^ r M Gertrude,", said Lord^Mfleijaainferjgndring thiB. Suppose we have jsome%ne *wifoiLf* sH to the abbey. I am awlty .tiboht the 1 gipai deal, and you eeete ; k>t|p jeSreMeoi!^ horseback, riding as ^ou^n^d^^ you.ssf* lonely: why not invite ^omefrii&3s. " It is^your home/' faid'G&firu;&e; -"invite whom you choose".-w " \- « But I want the company W: you «aidLord ( I was very, happy we \ here alone ; but how I BsjeSJ ^oneto'alhiise.yoq."- " Understand," said <3&itr;£9£ " that found much'fault with myffcholc^oi anees, and oMers aiEr lo^libT-li^^^itilqd meet.-..® I dhance iihat" Jtra wer6 v hot"' fcliouM guaafe— " You have r nev»" lOTnd : r : courtesy^ or .^l^ilalUp^g upon a guest, ^-ou j£n$w v tion are at'their disp^iiiioh,^ . " When. we itgree," feajd? " is, I may^go tdypUjahp m|t me to ask euch a one^?'; sriijhr a frimd 'May ^yB^k^lto S Clearly, then, I mateiio frilnp^i ihvitatfoh&'pQ ; " Gertrude, : why : -will yioi,. me? YonknowI?3^er,^itflnjw j interferedjd social life; And that ^asVwfier was imperativdy a jmu<£ better podtjcnvto' jiK were. Colonel Lenncx wgs " Yes, a wretched parl^itie,". do, some fifty known.&a;'bestorS^ j line behind bifii. Howeverv'i-?g6e^i discuss (Dolonel Lennox with iyou. jealousy, in London^ yon haye-xaade^ mark lor envious tongues. Wc-shoaliM agree on that question; why r «»Bntmn Among all my faults, I have one sst&ttJ; hate all csngoriousness and^ n&chan;£g" speaking of those who are apt at haod'^ fend theinselves.". She rose, and stepped oui; oni.be-balcony! The moon had risen and' flobd^l&e; j gardens with silver light. ^ Johnson, the head gaMen^, p^amg a- broad \/alk. : ".7 ' • '"-v-W^Tr^^ . " Johnson 1" cried Lady C&etlemame;/^ypu^ told me that the true time to seetbr^ Yucca was by_moonlight ; you may it|omei" , ' -v-'- She ran downthe flightj5f steps snd|oiaed!^ the gardener, who, reepeclfally^steppmg ? few paces behind her, indicated the way to ^ the new flower, whfoh w& that'Summer Ju6 chief pride. ^ ^ Sick at heart and restless in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went down the" .tmace snS^followedai a "distance. His wife made him _ unspeakably. miserable, yet. he; could not ~ endure-to have her out of hia sight^ The fact was. Gertrude had loved Budolph Castlemaine with all her heart, a& her firet love ; but hers was untutored, untried girl's" heart, and though Budolph had nevcr 4oved^ before, he was older, and pf more settled and experienced emotions, andhislolref or his wife^ was far more intense and deeply rooted thana> hers for him. .' Lady Castlemaine and her Gardner turned - to a narrow path, and came to' the American ^ Yucca. It grew alone, in a small cirdeedg^ with a close-cut border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flame-flecked green rcse tbs yu£ca in a "basket 'five feet in diameter cf wide green leave5"heot back one above the other, nntid their sharpy points, touched the earth from which 4hey ^ grew. Oat of this natural basket that the"^ shaft-of the plant to a height of .eight feet,» and this shaft for fully five feet:. 1 a fines of snow-white bloom—great bells,, as if baxx^^l of alabaster, the lower fiower-stcms-jbeiog. the longest and most heavily laden, : whole was a pyramid of pearl-wliite teaui^r.S flooded by the white light of the moon. * i " Saw you ever the like, my. lady ?" «ned5 the ecstatic Johnson. " I did net wish you to; see it until every flower-bell was open, and^. here~it stands alone under the moon, llke'sSfco! great white ghost, or a beautiful epirit^-a white angel of flowers in the^midst of .fee. garden." . ". : "You are poetic, Johnson," Said Castlemaine. y Eb, my lady ? Well, it is just a sight'to-; stir a man's soul. And, my lady, stanOhig !. 1 baok here as I am, I cannot tell you much your ladyship is like the flower.^ your.white gown, my lady, and with yoffi^fv height, standing there so still, you are just like the yucca, my lady." - ; y; " Thanks for the compliment, Johnson,'^ said Lady Castlemaine. "I wonder if, years to come, when the yucca blooms. I shall ^ come herp to see it, and you will ,etTl think' me like the flower." ' ^ H 7 " May the Lord send you many years come into the garden, my lady. _ Bet for this ~ yucca—at least, here in England—whenitbaS given one such perfect bloom as thie, it never blooms again."? :: (To be Continued) 