Life of a Notorious Criminal. TOLD BY HIMSELF. STBANGE DISCLOSURES. For near upon 'a quarter of a century the name of Joe Bragg has been the ghost of terror which has haunted -fche Sydney police. Entering the ranks of the criminal residuum when quite a child, he stuck to his calling ' with death-gasping1 tenacity until his last conviction. In his youth Joe was a prominent member — if not the ringleader— of a gang of plunder ing desperados known as 'The Forty Thieves,' against whose midnight, ay, and daylight, incursions no place,' no matter how securely barred and bolted, wats proof. J6e led a life which would. have killed any dozen ordinary, men, bnt he isan extraordinary man, arid has had a constitution of iron and nerves of steel. He was always ready for any ' job.' The more dangerous and daring the undertaking the better he liked it. - He was confronted with many difficulties, but he was equal to any emergency, and if escape meant 'flashing' his credentials of attack before the police, he did not refrain from that. Many have been the '* coppermen,' as Joe. still delights to call the police, who have carried the scars of conflict inflicted by their dreaded enemy. But Joe has changed. He'is now clothed and in his right mind, and has said ? ' avaunt ' to all his fancies for Other people's property, and he - has stifled the j relish with . -which he used io gloat over the idea' of exterminating an enemy, or Een-Jing daylight into a policeman's skull. Jce is now the standard-bearer of»tbe Blue Eibbon Army. He is the beacon of hope to which stragglers are pointed. He is the one ' glorious example.' Joe has long bad an ambition to become an author. That he wjll figure well on the thorny path of literature is a thing open to very great douot for more than one cogent reason. That he may. make his mark as'a temperance lecturer there is far more hope. Joe has just the style of tale to tell which always holds a teetotal audience' spellbound^ and, what is more, Joe oan tell his tale in a styie which carries the sympathy of his audience with him, as instanced in his essay as a lecturer on Saturday, 17th inst., when telling how he had offended against prison discipline,, and then threatened to present a warder with his brains, his hearers were bo convinced of the justice of Joe's can&e;, and the sincerity with which he issued his threat,- that they applauded him to the echo. Joe's initial performance as a public lecturer took place on Saturday evening, 17th April, in the Tem perance Hall. Joe has a very fluent tongue, and although he spoke for nearly two hcurs without note or prompt ing, it was VGry apparent that he had carefully pre pared himself for the task. He endeavored to speak grammatically, bui despite all he did, Joe and Morell, Mb bosom companion in solitary cell, could not set horses together. Joe's tongue Wbald keep kicking over the traces. When he dropped the effort to be pefiantic, and let. 'Joe Bragg' have play, he . gave promise of developing ta. be an effective speaker. Joe's story was a remarkable one. ? It revealed many bidden mysteries of criminal life-, and if; also contained Sashes of information which ought to engage the attention of the wise men of the sunny south. As the story was decidedly novel, and not without considerable interest to many, and will be of more than paseinginterest to the majority of readers, especially to 'thoEe anxiens to effect a change in the habits of the 'criminal classes, Joe shall tell his own story. Joe, on -presenting himself on the platform, was received with considerable applause, a reception which he acknowledged with a very significant, if not very graceful, bow. Then, as with trained forensic tact, he cleared his ' pipes,'- and began : — ' Mr. Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen, — No con siderations of self jrespect will restrain me in the con fession I have to mate. In fact I never knew or understood what tho feeling of self-respect is. The only thing which will restrain me is that there are ladies present, and on that account I can't tell you all. THE.EE ilOKTEB.-rOE A LOAF. When I was a little boy, between 12 and 13 years old, I wandered about the streets of Sydney for two days without having anything to eat. At last, im pelled by hunger I stole a loaf of bread. For that I was sent to Darliagliurst Gaol for three months. There I became associated with a gang of thieves and the most hardened criminals, from whom I received instructions in thieving. I came out of gaol a far worse boy than when.1 entered. I came out with. the full determination of joining that gang of thieves. PAGAN GTYTNG -THE BOY A START. ? I was met at the gates by. one of their number and I ' immediately began operations by going ' till sneaking.' I stole several tills the first day. ' The person who met me at the gaol gates k6pt watch while I did the dirty work. In the course of a month I had committed many rob beries. I did not stick entirely to till sneaking*. I gradually became initiated in all sorts of robberies. But at the end of the first month's operations I was re-arrested and sent to gaol for stealing a cashbox containing- 14s. During this second period of im prisonment Igreceived farther instruction in the art of thieving. ? « STARTING ON HIS OWN ACCOUNT. My next offence was for assault and robbery in Kent-street. I was charged with having robbed a drunken man, and also with having, assaulted him. Upon this charge I and two confederates were com mitted for trial'. It was when in gaoi, awaiting my trial, that I made the acquaintance of Frank Gardner. When I entered the gaol I had a sovereign which I had managed to sneak in withme. This I gave to Frank on the understanding that he was to supply me with tea and sugar if I got convicted, and that if I got acquitted I was to have the money baok by tellme Mr. Driver at the gate that the money had been left there for me. Well, I was brought op for trial. Judge Windeyer was then a young barrister. He looked into the dock at us, and told Mr. Dalley that we seemed to be three intelligent-looking lads, and he would take up our defence gratis. He did. Mr. Dalley helped him, and, notwithstand ing that the evidence was exceedingly clear against us, they obtained our acquittal; (Laughter.) Bnt still I went on thieving ; I bad got a thorough liking for it. No inducement could lead me to give up my friends, dishonest as they were. I had either toetick to them or to wander about the streets, with no one to take me by the hand and lead me, or even to recog nise me.- I determined to etiok to my friends and to go on thieving. ? ; - ' ; FIEBT EffPEESSION — 'ailiTOOXS.' , I must confess, my dear friends, that the {first time I entered the gaol, when I putmy hands in ay pocket and looked round, little and ignorant though I was, I thought to myself, they are all fools — I mean sot the criminals but the legislators are fools for doing as they do and miking criminals * of the young by the bundled every year. I have held that opinion ever 'since. Nothing tas ever given me the slightest reason to alter my opinion. From that time I continued with my friends, ?. an3 1 was being continually re-arrested and Bent to gaoL I learned to pick pockets. -I -went io the race course to pick ladies/ pockets, and became an expert. I got a large number of . parses ; but there was so little in them that I thought it better to *' hook it,' and to turn my hand to something wore lucrative. I went in for burglary. ... ? PICKING POCKETS BAD BUSINESS — ?BTTBOIiABT ?'-.?'?? BBTTBB, ' ' ? , ,* I broke into a number of bouses & the suburbs. ' I -was very successful because I always* kept a good look-out. Although! waa an ignorant boy I was intelligent, and I made oie of my intelligence. I ?visited houses all rotmd the suburbs, but at last X got '^pinched.' (Laughter). IwaBffoingiorpbEally'B ffocel, at the corner of Gaatlareaghand iQogdfcreeta, The light previously we got into a grpper's Bhop in Oastlereagfirstreet, There mm aoi much money j ad we tooksix bbxee of cigars. . These I piled on to my mate's aim. Am it mm daylight : when we same out -we bad to be Terr oarefnL I told my mate to take the beoteaand follow me. lied the way to see that the course warn dew; I looked down all tbo -streets to see -whether there were any deieotiveii or a'dUos knookinff abont. W*w»lked«16nff «b ^*bod_5ttfiip: 3U, *ndl,f dug oninfojnt, ooold jjir» my inaietfhB *' - ?-?- ', -:;.-;V.4-raa:»«®ro5i.j)p»B-wfc- ?' ?:;'?£?.;??'??„:??:????'? W^ bwlfetft* fifffleUw oo^erdf ^adcaklKJastle reagb, stfoets whe^.J Baw ft ^eopparman' jpaij zoiuiS |ibJB ?obrner,- i gave say -^nate the **ofi1flfc' There was a passage close by ; he whipped the cigars in there, and then came back, and we went across Hyde Park. The policeman followed ns. He came up to me and* Bald '-didn't I see you coming along Castlereagh-street?'.' 'I said lam going for abathe,' and he took it, the flat, although if he had gone into Uastlereagh-street he could have collared the cigarB but he did not, the Sammy. (Laughter.) We made out ixt go toward the- Domain, but instead of going there we went back and dropped the oigars into a publican's cellar, a friend of ours. That night my mate had .the toothache. (Laughter.) He could not sleep, so he said'We willgoanddoKeJly'shotel.' I said 'All right.' We went to the corner of Castlereagh and King-streets.' Everytiung went all right. We bad the place prepared to go in. We looked about to see whether any one was ' piping' us. off. We thought we were safe, but unfortunately for us, some one was- 'piping' us from the balcony of Holder's public-house, just against the theatre. Well, this man when he saw. what we -were after sneaked down and gave information to a couple of policemen. We saw the 'eoppermen' coming, but we never suspected they were coming for us. They arrested us. For that I received two years, and was sent to Berrima GaoL GETTING IT COLD. I had only been there a short time when I got twenty-eight days' cells for striking a warder with a ?billet of wood. While I was doing the twenty-eight days I insulted the doctor. For that I got another seven days on bread and water. . While I -was doing the seven days I smashSd up all the utensils I could lay hands on. For that I got another twenty-eight days. That made nine weeks, on. bread and. water, but that did not re form me. A short time afterward I and a mate were sentenced to 28 days in the 'moral.' That was on the 'silent system,' bnt they could not shut cur mouths. We talked away in spite of all they did; so after a few days they gagged us. The man who gagged me tried to push my teeth down my throat, but he did not suc ceed. We were put into the 'moral' for insubordination. I was shut up in a little cell 3ft by 6ft one way and 7ft by 6ft the other. There I was for six months, with only one hoxur'e exercise a-day, and kept for the whole time on half-rations. A THIE8T FOB KNOWLEDGE. My dear friends, at that time I was grossly ignorant. When I had the seventy- seven days on bread and water I was between „ 16 and 17 years old. I then had the meanB of learning to read, bnt I did not avail myself of the opportunity, because I was under the SiUy impression that I was intellectually incapable of becoming an educated man. During the five and a half months I was in the ' moral ' I knew nothing of the world and I knew nothing of man. I became partially insane. I bad various halluci nations which caused me great misery. \ was also afflicted with scurvy. My gams became rotten, my teeth fell out, and my hair fell off by the handful. I became so weak that I walked .with a stoop; 'I could not 'straighten my back. I was in a sad con dition. At the end of fifteen and a half months they sent me to Darlinghurst Gaol. My mate had been sent away five days previously to Parramatta. DANCED INTO SOLITARY CONFINEMENT. I had only baen at Darling-hurst two days when a warder interfered with me. I was dancing. He said, 'I'll get you a platform to dance on.' I said to him, ' Willyon-.' He said, ' Fll soon stop that.' I said, ' If yon dare to put a hand on me I'll knock^ your ? brairJBout!' (Applause.) I picked up a mallet and fiung it at him with all my might. He ran into the wing and told one of the ' bosses.' Four of the warders came out and asked me to go into the wing. They asked me very quietly and civilly, bnt when I got into the wing they came «p behind, and ' choked ' me, until I was insensible. Several of them dragged me np the passage io my cell. For that offence I received one month's, solitary confinement on bread and water. At tho termination of that sentence I had only three weeks of my twp years to serve. 'During the two years' I bad been wenty months in cells, and fed on half rations or on bread and water. I had become exceedingly weak, and my cheeks had sunk in, ? : = TOO' GOOD FOS TH3 POSITION. They' put me into what is called No. 1 yard. When there Frank Gardiner invited me into his mess. Frank was the head matmaker, and was allowed indulgences -such as Bteaks and pumpkins, and other luxuries. Frank Gardiner was a noble-hearted fellow. He was too good to be in gaol. H& generously forced me to eat his own rations that I might recover my health, and lie ate 'mine. Frank Gardiner lent ma a book? ''The Lives of Thieves and Murderers.' He afterwards said, 'Joe, lam sorry I lent you that book, it may do a fellow like you barm, but if you read it carefully you will see' that they all came to prief.'fc* The time came for me to be liberated. While in Berrima Gaol I had read a number of books ; not the nice moral books you are lead to believe that prisoners read. They were all bad books ; so, when I came out -of gaol, I was determined togogarrotang systematically. ; KBW ISmS. OF BUSINESS. My plan was to get two or three mates to keep a Bharp lookout (to keep their lamps well trimmed), while I got bold of some-' boofeington,' led him into a ijsssaf e, and garroted ? him. ? I went to work accordingly. Hrery 'boozington' I could nail I lumbered into a back street, and soon had him settled. I always used to keep one of my mates posted at the corner of Market- street and another at the corner of Sing-street. They had to give me warning of the approach of any one, so that I could easily make off after I bad done the trick. I carried *-iig on* for nearly a fortnight ; but at last I got *' copped' on suspicion of robbing a drunken man in Hyde Park. The night before . I was ' pinched ' I noticed that the police all along Kent and Sussex streets were doubled. ' I 'tumbled' at once. They were all standing in the dark corners of the streets.' I was 'one' for them. If I wanted to lumber boozingtons I must do it in another direc tion. You can easily ' best ' the police if you keep your lamps well trimmed. Well, they took me and a mate on suspicion of robbing a man of £1, although it was only just before that I bad lifted a lushington of £8. . THE INNOCENT CONVICTED. By-and-by three other chaps were brought to the station- on a charge of having robbed this man. They had been seen standing about the Hyde Park and the Domain. When I was confined in Berrima Gaol, where I had planned these robberies and the garrot ing, I bad arranged a plan by which I could easily esoape whenever I should again be arrested and charged at the courthouse. I could see how. it was. to be done as easily as 'snuff.' The nest; morning when I was awaiting my trial, I took off my boots and coat, and asked my mate to keep bis lamps trimmed. When X saw the opportunity I sprang over the dock. IT o one was about, and I was -soon making iny way Into George-etreet. Unfortunately for me, who should I meet but the very man I bad* V lum bered.7' * He raised the alarm, and-I was soon taken Back. I and my mate were acquitted, and the three innocent persons convicted. (Laughter.) (to be cobtxnited.) 