S.A. BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The meetings of the South Australian Baptist Association were continued on Tues- day, when a conference of ministers was held in the Tynte street Baptist Church. In the evening the Rev. W. Dennis, the chairman for the coming year, delivered the annual address in the lecture-hall of theTynte street Baptist Church, the chairman (Mr. C. H. Goode) presiding over a large audience. The rev. gentleman selected as his theme "The strength of the church." He said that whilst it was desirable in order to be sure of the basis of his discussion to know with some degree of certainty what the church is, he need not occupy much time in defining and fixing such basis. However widely men differed as to the qualifications for membership, he believed that all agreed in this—that the church consisted of those who were the "called of God" (for that was a funda- mental part of the Scriptural idea), and those thus "called" should be godly in life, because they were Christ's body. The distinctive peculiarity of the church consisted in its being an entire and thorough deviation from anything that was of human nature. It did not derive its origin from man, nor could it be sustained by unaided unchanged humanity. It was not only not of man, but fallen human nature was hostile to its spirit and claims and opposed to it in act. The church being a special creation of the Divine Father, and having for its object the restoration of the divine image in man, and thus qualifying man for communion with God who in a spirit, it was obvious that it must in its essence be spiritual and not carnal. As those who constituted the body of Christ had a new and different nature they must exist and perform their various functions with forces different from the old nature. A new and higher state implied and even de- manded a new and more perfect organisation, and necessitated fresh forms of power superior to the old state. Man is not regenerated for earthly purposes but for spiritual. He had been showing that the church had a mighty inherent power, inherent because the church is of divine origin, and was created to effect spiritual work, and to that was added that most needful strength which was required to put the power into action. But that left room for the enquiry, whence was this strength de- rived, and now was it conveyed to the church? Whilst he had sought to show that the primary force in the church was innate, that was to say born with it and properly pertained to it, this need not prevent or forbid research into its source. This was the peculiar power that characterised the Divine Being. And as in the first creation He made man in His own image, it was not to be wondered or doubted if in the new and more wonderful creation He had endowed him with some of His own powers. This power was derived from God, and was conveyed to man in the new birth. The energising form of power was given from above by the Holy Spirit. They were told—"Now there are diversities of gifts. but the same spirit. And there are diversities of working, but it is the same God which worketh all in all." Alford made the comment on the verses quoted—"The varieties of operations are nnt to be limited to miracu- lous effects, but understood commensurately with the gifts of whose working they are the results. Thus we have God the Father, the first source and operator of all spiritual in- fluence in all: God the Son, the ordainer in His church of all ministries by which this in- fluence may be legitimately brought out for edification; God the Holy Ghost, dwelling and working in the church, and effectuating in each man such measure of His gifts as he sees fit." This then, unlike the first, cannot be re- garded as inherent or part of the new nature, but of something added to it. It seemed to him that this must be the case, or else there was apparently reason for supposing "God's workmanship" was so incomplete as to be an in- efficient agent, and the church failed when it did fail became it was not properly prepared for its work. But since the force to utilise the innate power was a "gift" which was conferred upon certain conditions being complied with, or withheld if these conditions were not con- formed to, it was easy to account for the limited, weak, defective labors of the church. The power which energises, which sets in motion the great latent strength, was not given to the cold, prayerlers, or worldly. If we "grieve the Spirit"' we cut the connection between us and the stream of Divine forces, which were administered by the "Spirit dividing to every man severally as he will" Nothing less powerful than this real spiritual life would hold together many of the small country congregations. Those who lived in the country see one thing after another started, and go off with a flourish and with grand promise of success. Much eclat is given to some of these affairs by the elite of local society in the world and in the churches con- deacending to give the support of their names and presence occasionally. Yet as a rule each one of these shared the sad fate of its predecessor; after a fitful and struggling existence each perished. But while these mushroom things departed most of the Christian communities held their own through evil and good report: with a hand to hand tight against a score of difficulties, and in spite of a chronic state of narrow means still they lived. What was it that held these together when almost everything else fell to the ground? What but that gracious power which God had given to his loved ones. There was a matter for considera- tion arising out of this which demanded a moment's thought. They accepted the maxim "Union is strength" as being a statement of a great sptritual truth, and undoubtedly if kept within a proper limitation it was a truth of no small significance. If they recognised first the union of the mem- bers of the "body of Christ with the head," the union of the "branches with the true vine," then there would be a union of the various members or branches that was living and powerful. And the fellowship of believers in love was certainly a ground of strength. But if they accepted the idea in an unspiritual sense and were contented to gain apparent strength by the mere weight of numberisthey made a sad mistake, A church should not be held in honor on account of its mere numerical force. Nor indeed should additions to the roll be granted as a clear indi- cation of spiritual power. It was possible to be quite the reverse of this. Growth in num- bers might be the result of a lowering of the spiritual teaching and status of the church, and a consensus of feeling on the part of the members to make the thing go, to employ any and every means available to win converts—a determination to popularise religion. The intense craving for growth tended to forced and even carnal methods for increasing numbers. Large numbers and regular additions might and sometimes did clearly testify to the deep spiritual life and power of the church. And where this is found there also would be seen piety that was truly of the old Puritan type. There was no room for mistaking the source and course of pros- perity ;it was ''power from on high." Whilst he gladly said this as the result of happy ex- perience in the past and observation in the present, still he repeated it as a word of warning. In church life numbers were not necessarily and logically proofs of spiritual power. The thin red line at the battle of Inkerman was mightier than the vast numbers of the foe, for it stood and hurled back the heavy Russian battalions. And if they had first the power to stand they would be able to go on to victory that might win more applause, but which perhaps required more courage and energy. Now whether they were set in high places, in centres of population, or occupied the more retired sphere of life in the country, it behoved them all to be well assured that they were duly equipped for the warrfare and work. If the church was thus endowed the most natural conclusion was that such power was given for certain well-defined purposes, and the forces at its command were sufficient for all the work to be done. Into the hands of the church was committed the important work of "carrying out the plan of salvation"—a most solemn responsibility. How often did churches and individuals forget this. And they might infer from what they saw that their vast re- sources of power were lost sight of. It was no little honor to be a "son of God," but with that honor came solemn responsibilities. And precisely so was it with the church. If divinely imparted powers were not used, there came a time when there was a "a name to live" only. If this condition obtained for any lengthened pericd spiritual death was the result. The church need not go to the world for help, for the carnal forces which gave pro- mise ot success were secretly but powerfully used by the arch enemy against the very one* that employ them. For there might be much outward activity, concerts, entertainments, dramatic readings, and carnal frolics, but spiritual death might follow. If they wished for prosperity, let them gain it by modes that were pure, by works of light, by the strength of God in Christ, by the Holy Spirit, and then their successes, if less apparent, would en- dure for ever. What was required, he be- lieved, to secure true and permanent success was for the church to realise the nature and extent of its inherent strength; to endeavor to rightly know that by prayer that power could be wrought upon by the energising might of the Spirit of God, and then, and only then, would it be able to use the power to its fullest extent. (Applause.) The treasurer of the building and jubilee funds (Mr. A. S. Neill) presented his annual financial statement. The building fund balance sheet showed — Capital previously acknow ledged, £1,994 Is. 3d.; interest, &c; , brought the total up to £2,037 8s. 4d. The amount lent to churches was £1,908 1s , leaving £129 7s 4d. in the bank. The jubilee fund showed —To balance brought forward and loans re- paid, £112 0s.9d; subscriptions from various churches, £926 8s.: interest, £20; making a total received of £1,058 18s. 11d. The expendi ture was £797 7s. 1d., leaving a balance in the bank of £261 11b.10Od. The treasurer of the association (Mr. W. Giibert, M.P.) said that the receipts during teh past year totalled £494 14s. 10d. Grants to churches to the extent of £623 03. 6d. had been made; supplies to churches cost £51, an students £86 19s,; making a total expen- diture of £760 19s. A sum of £100 had been borrowed, and of this amount £200 had been repaid. The bank overdraft was £205 1s. 9d., and there was thus a deficiency of £403 1s. 9d. He attributed the deficiency to the depression, and the special efforts that had been made on behalf of the jubilee and missionary funds. At the same time he pointed out that the grants to the churches had been very huge, and in future they should only give when they knew where the money was coming from. The expenditure would have to be reduced, as they would only have some £500 to be distributed in grants to churches, supplying students.and paying general expenses. If the last named were kept within £50, and the supply of students cost £150, £300 would be available for grants to churcbes. This was the only means of making the accounts balance. The deficit could be cleared off gradually at the rate of about £100 per annum, and in order to do this a special fund could be raised. The meeting then adjourned till to-day. 