A NUI3ANC15. (7o the Editor of the Advertiser). Sir,—LioriK 3ijo, when tlie bicyclists' organ was first pub!ishad, hero was in an early issue a para graph which characterized cyclists, who rnda on footpaths, as "cads," and put tham under the ban as such, or my memory i8 at f.iult. Tliere are a good many of those footpath-riding cyclists in this city, and as I've had my wife nearly scaied to death on two occasions bv riders on these ghost like machines coming noiselessly behind her, and passing like a flash of light, I object. Lai 6 night at 5.30 two ayclista came up Mitchell street, and they parted at Parker's blacksmith shop, one g'.'ing up the road oyer the railway hri.lgn, t.hn other turned at once on to the west path in Garsed-street, and ho roilo all along the path to Or Quicli's, where ho turned off into the roail, ran \si> it a bit, and turned on to the other path. And I notico the same tiling in nuny other streets, especially Barnard-street. Now, as thij it! against the law, and is dangerous to pedeat.iaff,) I bog to draw, through your columns, the attention of the captains and secretaries of t!i«J local clubs to at least this particular case. I enclose my name and address, should any of the secretaries want to verify my statement,—I am, etc.. „ , , GAKSED-STRKET. 2nd September. Illness oi' a Lkahing VignskOX.—1The many friends of Mr Hubert da Castaila will le:irn wiili tlio truest regret (nays tho Arptu) thit he id eutfe::ng from a grave illness, which m the utmost uneasiness to his family, anil we c.\n unlj' hope that a vigorous constitution will enablo hiin to rally uuder the critical circumstances in which ha . U pl.ic.'d If the good wishes of all who know him c -.uL'l effect his recovery it would be speedy ?,nd oompliite. The Cause of Scarlet Fever.—A remark able discovery—or, at all events, a m&si; valuable and suggestive hint [Jointing towards a new dis covery—is chronicled by the medical officer of the Local Government Board in a recently-is sued report (says the Scotsman). If tiic investi gators are upon the light track, we have a totally aou and unexpected source indicated for one of the most deadly of juvenile maladies— the scarlet fever. The discovery is oae, tco, which furnishes some reason for tho belief thai it will lead to the extinction, or, at least, the great restriction of tho dissase. It has long been known that scarlet fzver often follows the milk supply. But there was nothing in this to suggest that the milk itself was in any direct way chargeable with the production of the fever. If any one in the most remote degree concerned in tending the cow3 or distributing the milk had suffered from the fever, or had been in contact with those who had suffered from it. the milk would, of course, form a most efficient vehicle for diffusing the disease. This apparently ex plained the facts aucftciently. It appears, how ever, that the railk is more directly concerned than was supposed. The facts upon which this conclusion is based are these :—Numerous cast? of scarlet fever iu London were last December traced to a common source oi milk supply. The dairy proved to have been admirably 'managed, and it was shown that, no individuals vOiicerned in it had been directly or indirectly connected with any case of scarlet fever. TUi» aroused a suspicion that the cause was intimately connected with the nulk itself. A series of investigations were carried cr., the result of which was to show that certain cows had been suffering from an oniptivfl disease of the udder. Researches made by Dr. Klein show that this disease was easily tiansmitted from cow to cow, and that when calves wero inoculated with it they suffered from the same, disease. But when the matter obtained from the sore udders was cultivated in decoctions, animals inoculated with it suflercL. from a much altered and aggravated disease, not distinguishable, iu fact, from scarlet fever. It need hardly be said that the matter will not rest where it is. Further experiments will be carried on, and those who ar° prosecuting them believe they have got to the fon'u ti o'iyo of this devastating disease, and that the discovery of the cause will be nearly tantamount to a dis covery of the remedy. t"i"ctfd tr.<! published £17 KLi.(JI£AY A-t-i} -CO proprietory ' t3 8Sq'i sSlc"! ''' 