EXPECTED ON THE TRAIN. If you are standing around a railroad depot about the time some train is expected in you needn't look twice to identify the man who is down there to welcome his wife. She has been away three weeks, but the time seems like three months to him. He was never so glad in his life as at the thought that she ia rolling towards him as fast as steam can travel. There was such a man at the foot of Brush street Saturday. He expected his wife on the Michigan Southern train. lie rushed up and down to see if the train was on time. Then he rushed out and engaged a hack. Then he promenaded up and down and wiped his brow, and he was still at it when a man who had been across the road to wet his whistle with old rum came slouching back and inquired : ' Expecting someone, ek ?' 'Yes, sir.' ' Wife, probably F' ' Yes.' ' Bin away long ?' ' Over two weeks.' ' Coming on this train ?' ' Yea.' ' Wall, I dunno,' continued the man as he rubbed his back against the ticket window shelf. ' I wouldn't be too en thusiastic about it. Wimen are mighty onsartin. I've had two of 'em run away from me. Is your wife any hand to make acquaintances while travelling ?' ' No, sir !' ' Couldn't be induced to elope ?' ' Sir ! Do you intend to insult me ?' ' Gosh ! no. I wouldn't insult nobody nor nothing. Could your wife be carried away by good looks and lots of money ?' ' If you wasn't en old man I'd thump you for your impudence! exclaimed the husband, as he grew red all over. ' You would ! Weli, I won't talk to you. If your wife comes in on the train, all right. If she doesn't you needn't blame me.' He went into the sitting-room, and pre sently the train came in. The husband dodged about as if he was walking on glass, and the passengers came out one by one until the coaches were empty. There was no wife. It was 10 minutes before the husband could give up, and when he did and started out doors the old man lounged out and eaid : ' I told him ! I've lost two wimen just that way, and I knew what I was talking about !'— JD. F. Press. Prudery is coquetry gone to seed. Young man to chemist : 'Can you give me anything to remove superfluous hair ?' Ghemi6t, thoughtfully scratching his baid head : ' Hem ! Why don't you get mar ried ?' Little Aigy: Say, Jimmy, you come around to my house some time an' I'll show you my pa's diploma what he got in college. Jimmy : Humph ! That ain't nothing. Wait till you see my pa's divorce papers. Adolphus : ' What is that noise, darling?' Darling : ' Oh, it's only papa ! Ever since he read in the papers that it was thought breach of promise of marriage will be abolished, he always goes about cracking his horsewhip.' Adolphus: 'Oh.' Pauses reflectively. ' Well, would it be troubling you to — er — name the day ?' *' Yes, stranger,' eaid a traveller from Texas, ' I'm going down east on an im portant errand. Don't mind tell in' you that I'm goin' to be married. You can imagine how good-natured and jolly I feel.' ' Yes ; but don't you feel a little anxiety, a little trepidation about taking such an im portant step in life?' ' Nurra a bit, stranger.' ' Have you ever been married before ?' ' No ; but I've been in one fight with Injune, two scrimmages with cowboys, an' went through four cyclones. I'm no chicken.' ** Mrs. De Silva is eo poetical I' observed Mrs. Brown to her husband. ' She calls her new dresses ' dreams.' ' ' A very good name for them,' responded Mr. Brown, for her husband always speaks of the bills as ' nightmares.' ' A boy, while amusing himself, fell into the water, and as he could not swim, would have been drowned had not a bystander jumped in and rescued him. * On reaching dry land he expressed his gratitude to his deliverer, adding, ' I'm glad ye got me out. What a licking I wud hae got frae my mither if I had been drooned.' Mistress : ' Bridget, who is that who comes tojsee you every evening ?' Bridget : ' The gin'lemin is me lover, mum ; and sure he will be after elipinp wid me some of these foine days.' Mistress : ' Yes, I noticed he was rather inclined that way. I had him arrested yesterday for trying to nlnna with a set of silver snoons.' Evelyn, at boarding-school : ' Well, girls, why don't you congratulate me? Haven't you heard that I'm engaged to Harry Saunders ?' Jeanette : ' What I Harry Saunders ? Why, the fortune-teller told you that you'd marry a man with dark hair, and Harry's is very light.' Evelyn : ' My dear, I didn't say I was married to him — only engaged.' Nothing contracts the mind, nothing en genders trifles, tales, backbiting, slander, and falsities, so much as being shut up in a room, opposite each other, and reduced to no other occupation than the necessity of continual chattering. Why is matrimony like a besieged city ? — Because many who are in it wish to be out, and many who are out wish to be in. Amateur Theatricals. — The ghost in Hamlet was played by an elderly short sighted and absent-minded gentleman. All went well while he was passing up and down the stage; but on turning his face full on the audience, the latter observed to their intense delight that the ghost wore a double eyeglass. How much pleassnter this world would be to live in were it as easy to go to bed at night as it is to remain there in the morning, and as easy to get up in the morning as it is to talk of getting up when you go to bed ! When a man is hanging by his toes from the corner of a high building, and expects momentarily to drop, nothing so thoroughly satisfies him as a sudden discovery that he U safely at home in bed. A piece of evidence in a Quebec breach - of- promise case was a cuff with an offer of marriage written on it. One night while the defendant was holding the plaintiff's hand and whispering fervid words, he popped the question in manuscript on the smooth linen at her wrist. She was sens ible or shrewd enough to keep that article out of the wash, and now it is of practical value. ' This is my last birthday,' said a hand some girl to her adorer on the 29th of August. ' What do you mean ?' he ex claimed, clutching at hia heart. ' You are not going to die, are you ?'' ' Well, I should hope not. I'm twenty-one to-day, and a woman never haa a birthday after that, you know.' 