" MM 'IH MWWWWfrUl 1 H/ — MINT PARKED.' BVll. L. FABJBON (Author of 1 Bo. 119 Great Porter Square.' The Saond Nugget/ At the Sign of the Silver . R???.' ' Blade o Grass/.4 The House of White Shadow?,' Joshua Marvel,' ' Ad Island Peer!/ eto). Chapteb XXV. — Only a Kite. It was a most orael revenge. I cannot think of any <aot more deliberately vindictive. Aunt Parker's last words to me before she left the room, were, I never forfeit my word. When ! promised yoa a cage with a bird in it, there was no stipulation that it should be a live bird. Yoa will find me very faithful in all my dealings. A good example for you to copy. There is your bird. Make themoBt Of it.1 Is was a wicked, unnecessary murder. The poor little thing , was but just killed, and I felt as if I myself were partly guilty. I shed many tears over it, and kissed the tiny body whieh, living, would have given me so much joy. I even took it to bed with me in the foolish hops that a miracle would occur, and that warmth would bring it to life again. Faithful in all her dealings. She hat boasted of it. Bat to be false to the spirit of a promise is not to be faithful. She carried out her threat of keeping me prisoner for a month— of this she broke neither the letter nor the spirit. Nor did ahe speak Otis word to me the whole of that time. She thought it a punishment. She was mistaken. She had filled me so thoroughly with aversion of her that I was happy in her absence, and her siienoe brought peace to my heart. There are Qiroamstaaoes — which happen, I hope, only to the few — when one iB forced to feed upon the inner life. In rare cases this proves a blessing Foroes are awakened and brought to light of which beneficial nse may be made all through life,, in youth and old age alike— foroes whioh otherwise must hava remained hidden, wasting their sweetness, as it were. To some extent this was the case with me. The punishments inflicted upon me by Aunt Parker fortified my soul and strengthened my moral nature. My window was a source of joy. Summer was approaohing. Aunt Parker could no< prevent that, nor could she stop the singing of the birds. I drew gladness from the gladneES of nature. The sea, the clouds, the air — I taught myself to be thankful for these. And my books, my mute and price less treasures, what exquisite pleasure I derived from them ! They were real— the characters lived and became my friends. I read and re- read, and never tired of them I ffll in love — I worshipped. I travelled in fancy over sea and land, through boundless prairies and gorgeous foresls ; I sat in wigwams with the Indians ; I knelt by the . Side of the bed in which Eva lay dying, anc> saw angels hovering over her. Bat, best of all, though Unole Tom and Eva held and enthralled me (I remember I used to think what a frightfal specimen of a slave -driver Aunt Parker wonld have made— best of all, most enchanting (to me) of all the story books that ever were written, was ' Nicholas Nickleby.' To this hour it occupies the first plaoe, and nothing can destroy my beliet that the magician who wrote it was not acquainted With every man and woman whose portraits /he drew in its onchanted pages. As X compared Aunt Parker to a slave-driver in Uncle Tom's Gabin,' so I found a likeness m Mr. Bathgate to Balph Niokleby, and something of a likeness in Mad Maxwell to poor Smike. I saw Mad Maxwell often from my window. Sometimes ha looked up timidly and wist fully, and then I would smile upon him ; at other timeB he was most careful in avoiding my eye, and by that sign I knew that Aunt Parker was near, I have spoken of a little bit of garden he tended in whioh only vegetables were allowed to grow, and it wap towards the end of the month of my imprisonment that I noticed something whioh brought a sense of sweetness to my heart. Mad Maxwell was cultivating a few simple flowers, and I knew that he was Cultivating them for me. < Heaven knows where he had got the roots and seeds, but there they were, And in ooorse of time -they became bright with colour. I am running ahead a few weeks in Bpsaking of this, but long before the bloom appeared I was aware of the labour of love in whioh he was engaged, and I tried to make him understand, by signs, how muoh I appreciated it. Aout Parker, not suspecting that they ware grown for me, did not uproot them, as she would inevitably have done had she had a glim mering of the truth ; and thas was she de feated by a silent conspiracy of afifcotion between me and Mad Maxwell. Outside the grounds, as I sat by the window, the most familiar figore was that of the batcher boy who bad attraoted my at tention when Aunt Parker was away. He made his appearance two or three times a week, always on horseback, and always with a backet containing joints of meat hanging onhiaarm. Having done him an injustice In believing him to he conspiring against me I thought it due to him cow not to avoid him by retreating from the window when be came in sight — though how he Gould know that in the first plaoe I had been unjust to him and now wished to atone for it would certainly not have been very olear to me had I taken the trouble to discuss it, however ; I simply gat at the window, and wondered what on earth he meant by looking up at ms so per. tinaciooeiy and waving a white handkerchief wildly in the air On two occasions he wore the handkerchief in his cap, so arranging it that as he galloped quiokly past the house it floated behind him like a flag. I came to She conclusion that he was a very undesirable boy for any butcher to employ, sod thought, if I had an establishment; of my own end dealt with his master, that it would be decidedly neqespary th request that another boy eboaM Jfo«Ci»t home with the meat. There was a sameness about his movements whioh rather palled upon me, and it waB therefore en agreeable diversion when I saw him one day make his appearance without his horse and basket of meat. He was wither playing truant or was out for a boli. yutivof, -/ ay, for hanging upon his arm was a kite. A email matter to mention, hut, as it turned out, at great importance to me. Chapter XXVT.— Alonzo, my Faithful Knight, Does me Good Service. He was a big boy for a kite, for I should have judged htm to be not less than sixteen years of age. His height, indeed, would have proclaimed him older ; he was lank and lean, but his faee had po signs of heard or moustache oh it, and there was that kind of uncertainty about his legs whioh is an attribute of youthfulness. To say that hs carried the kite as a lad would carry a toy would not be quite correct ; he wore it rather, sin the manner of a shield, throwing it valiantly before his body, after the fashion of a knight of the good old times (in pictures) equipped dor mortal combat. His motious, perhaps, lacked dignity and repose, but ho was conspicuously in earnest. Upon his first coming into view his left side was towards me, and his kite, being on his xight arm, was partially hidden from my sight ; bat themomenfc he beheld me at the window he wheeled round, and held his paper shield aloft. Fainted upon it in blood red' colour was a name ; the letters were bold and distinct, and they spelt ' Alonzo.' My astonishment was great, anfi I could soaroely believe my eyes ; but there was no room for doubt. This, then, was my hero, my mysterious being, my St. George who had vowed fealty to me, and who had pledged bis knightly honour to serve me faithfully — this long, lank batcher boy, whoso trousers were two short tor his legs. The ridiculous side of the diseovery made such an impression upon me that I burst out laughing. Seeing me laugh, his faoe broadene i also, but very soon grew, sombre, as became one of his Belf- invested dignity. He placed his hand upon his heart — throwing his kite aside to afford me a fall view of his waistcoat— and bowed almost to the ground. This made me laugh he more, and I was compelled hy prudence to retreat from the window, fearing that either my merriment, whioh I could scarcely oheok, or his open movements, would draw Aant Parker's attention upon us. When I returned to the window, after an absence of a few minutes, I observed that be had fixed a tail to the kite and was prepar ing to fly it, His face expressed satisfaction at tny reappearance, and by signs, which I was glad to see very cautiously made, he succeeded in conveying to my understanding some kind of idea that the flying of his kite was not exactly a pastime, but was done with serions intention. This notion, slight at first, grew stronger in the light of his manifest earnestness ; be spoke and pointed to the kite. What he said could not, of course, from that distance reach me, bat hie actions had a meaning in them whioh I could scarcely misunderstand, and when, taking something out of his pocket, which looked like a letter (though the envelope was astonishingly large), he flaunted it in the air, and proceeded deliberately to fasten it to the j kite by means of pins, I knew that he was j about to endeavour to oornmunicate with me. £ would have dissuaded him if I could, there was such danger in the attempt ; indeed I did shake my head at him very emphatically, bat he woald not be denied. Ha simply smiled radiantly and confidently, and pro ceeded with his tssk. The wind was blowing in the direction of my /window, and at a favourable moment he let the kite fly. So skilfully did he manage it that it was soon within reach of my hand, andwithadesperate disregard of oonsequenoes I stretched out of the window and seized it. hi less time than it takes me to write the words I detached' the letter, soaroely taking time to unpin it, so eager and excited had I grown. The moment it was in my hands I Alonzo expressed his satisfaction by going I through- a solemn and stately form of danoe, I which he probably intended to represent a J minuet j anything in the shape of a double I shuffle or other popular steps whioh an I ordinary boy would have executed being | evidently beneath him. I My anxiety now was to ascertain whether I oar movements had attraoted Aunt Parker's I attention. Had thpy d me so she would have lost no time in making us aware of it. | Fortune favoured as ; Aunt Parker did not make her appearance. It was an instance of Alonzo's thoughtfalness that he did not I immediately pull in his kite ; he was, doubt- I less, providing for the future, when he might j have occasion again to employ his novel j serial post- office. He flew it along the road! for some ten minutes or so, and finally drew j it in, and nsing it onoe more as a shield, I departed triumphant. I I held the envelops in my hand, little dreaming of the delight in store for me. It was a large letter, and rather thick, and had j it not been for the strong wind that was 1 flowing it might have weighed down the site. The back and front of the envelope I were completely covered- with writing, -to the following effect : Fair One of the Fortress, — What malig nant star has torn the from Alonzo? For weeks I have languished at the portal, calling upon thee. Only the wild birds and the mournful echoes have answered me. Is it to be ever thus ? Back not this bosom with deeper angui-h. Smile again upon me, and let me hear thy loved voice. Then will the gates of heaven be open, and bliss once ruore be mine. Remember, I am thine till i! he icy finger of death beckons me. Bid me do or die. At thy bidding I will pluck the Btars from the firmament. Bat I will brook no rivaU Mark me well — in spite of his fine clothes, one of us must fall. For me, 1 Paradise or the tomb. Meanwhile, if a letter is to be posted, ever at his post will be bund The Hapless and Faithful Alonzo.' To reed this without smiling was impossible, j and I remember thinking (what; I think to this day of everything emanating from Alonzo's pen) that he mast have gathered ii out of a number of story books a few words from this and a tew teom that, till it j had assumed its present shape. But still j there was in this epistle more than the usual | air of mystery. What did Alonzo mean by bis reference to a rival, and not brooking him?,. And then the words, f in spite of his I fine olothea.' Whose fine clothes ? That j Alonzo should choose Paradise or the tomb j wasqaiteJUrturaL J could not help admiring ! his ind oetrj .lor ihia kjfld of piecework most ! have franpiei m raat deal of time, and it : | was with a positive conviotlon that much j mora nf this nonsense awaited me that I opened the envelope. But ah 1 what a I delight was there 1 I held in my, hand a j letter from my own dear nurse, whioh had f in this extraordinary manner been conveyed to me. Faitbful'Alonzo, indeed. Gould the most gallant knight have more deftly carried a delicate and difficult task to a sucoeBBful end?: I declare that if /he had been by my side-I should have kissed him. Bat grateful as I was I oould cot waste time in thinking of him ; Nurse- EUiot's letter was too important to be longer neglected. What a number of sheets it contained 1 And how close and small was the writing ! I kissed it before I read it, and kissed it again and again in the oonrse of perusal. Chapter XXYIL— Nurse Elliott's Letter and the News it Contained. My Dear Child and Mistress, — After waiting a great many months, and wearing myself almost to a shadow with fretting aboht you, there oame the other morning the greatest joy I ever bad in my life, the letter from you written in that dreadful plaoe called Restoration Hail. We were sitting at breakfast, Rube and me, and bad just finished when the postman oame in with his rat-tat. We get up early in the Borough, and stop up late, but that donu't matter when you're making a living and a bit over, as Bube says. While Buba is sweeping the shop and putting things to rights thdre, I am getting breakfast, which is ready for him the minute he comes in. He keeps a man, you know, dear, who sleeps out, and who don't show his face till half past eight ; but Bube don't mi3d doing his own work, whioh is the only way, Rube says, of making sure it is done right. \- It I wander a bit, my dearhild, you mustn't mind; I want to tell yoff so much, and my head is so fall, that I daresay it will all come out mixed up like. Bat so long as you get this letter it won't matter much how it is written and how mixed up it is, because you know it is full of lova for you, as my heart is, and always will be. And Rube's, too, my dear. ' j '"S.ehere, Deb," he of!:en says to me (not ia the exact words, dear, but just a? good)— "see here, Deb, your young lafcy's J my young lady " (he 53,7s it with the greatest j respect, my dear mistress) ' your youpg I lady's my young lady, and you've only got to 1 say to me, ' Babe, you must do this for her,' j or, 4 Rubs, yoa mail do that 'for her,' to j make eure that it will be done. This house I is yours and hers to live in and do what you I like in, and the shop and the till we'll divide J between us. There's enough for six, let alone three. Nothing would please me better j than to see your young lady sitting in the parlour" (that is where ws breakfast in, and I have our dinner and tea in, my dear, and our I bit of sapper regular at half-past ten every night)— nothing,' says Rube, ' would I please me better than to see your young lady j I sitting in the parlour here playing the piano j I all day long, while I am serving the customers in the shop. It would be a real treat." Rube means what he eays, dear ; he isn't one of the fly-away sort. To bs sure, we haven't got a piano, for what should we do with one if we did have it ? Rube oan play God Save the Queen" with one finger, if you don't hurry him, and " Woodman, Spare thft Tree" as well, and he says, too, he's got his eye on a " cottage" that's to be sold dirt j cheap at a dealer's in the Borough, and that I he's going to bay it the moment he hears I you're coming. When he said he had got | his eye on a "cottage," I thought he meant I a house, till he explained it ; Bube knows a I great deal about music, I Well, my dear, Rube and me had just I finished breakfast when in comes the post- I man with his rat-rat. I am always curious I about letters, and to tell you the truth, dear, I I shouldn't have been surprised to have got I one that morning from Sandy Whiskers, my | landlord at Sevenoaks ; you remember him. I I dare say — the man with the voioe. So when Rube goes into the shop and calls out in a I voioe almost choked with laughing that the I letter's for me, I make up my mind at once j that it is from Sandy Whiskers ; but seeing I strange writing on the envelope sets me a I thinking. It wasn't your writing, my dear ; I should have known that the moment I set 1 eyes on it. Besides, you have never done anything so ridioulous as to write on the | envelope, " To the Fair Lady, Deborah I Elliott." Yes, my dear, that's what was written, I with Rube's address after it, of oonrse There was every excusQ for Rube's ianghing, I but I ooaldu'fc help turning red when he says, j " O, Deb, Dab ! how many more hearts j are yon going to break ?" j For he wiil have it all the time I've been away I've done nothing else bat turn men's I head?, and if you'll believe me, my dear, he's j always throwing Sandy Whiskers in my faoe. I He doeeo't really mean it, I know ; he only dees it to teaze me, but it is too ridiculous to think of, isn't it ? The idea of me running after men ! I never so muoh as give them a thought. Bat Rnbe will hayejiis joke. When he talks of broken hearts I tell him Bharply to hold his tongue, sod I tarn the envelope over in my hand, wondering who it can be from, and whether some impertinent fellow is playing a trick on me, while all the time Rnbe never leaves off joking, and laughing to that degree that the tears roil down his face. Presently I think the best way wiil be to open the letter, and I do ; and when I see inside another envelope — yours, my dear, with your sweet writing on it — I give a scream, and I do believe I should have dropped If Rube hadn't caught hold of me. " It's from my dear, young mistress !" I oall oat, and then I'm that overoome that I sit down and have a real good cry. Nothing does a body bo much good ; it's better than j all the doctor's staff In the world. Well, presently I wipe my eyes, and . you may guess how anxious J am to get at your letter ; but there a something that cqmes before even that. It is a sheet of paper in which yonr envelope is wrapped. I will copy here the exact words written on the paper, and, 1 perhaps, you will be able to make so i>ethin« j oat of them. ' I " Fair Lady of the Borough," it com- 1 menoes, " the Mistress of my son!, the Peari J of fight, and the Diamond of the universe, j commissioned her gallant knight— who here 1 thrown down the gauntlet tn nil usurper of 1 his rights— to post this missive to you. It is done. Commend me ever. To her service I am pledged. Her form and cause eon joined, eto. Yon may wish to communicate with the princess of the enchanted well. It is difficult, but it may be done, and shall be at thy behest, by Alonzo " « Alonzo in large letters, my dear. And then oome the words : — ««»If euoh be yonr wish, inquire for him at Stubbs, the batcher, High street, Bamsgate." 1 X)o you know anybody of the name 01 Alonzo, at Sfcubbs, the butcher ? You don'- say anything about it in year letter. All tho I am able to make out of it is that Alonzo is in some way a friend of yours, and that you have forgotten to tell me about him. Heaven knows you must have enough to think of. ' My dear young mistresB, when I read your letter I felt as if I ought to fly to you without a minute's delay, and only the thought that I might do you harm instead of good kept me back. The thought was not mine ; it wan Rube's. I gave him your letter to read, and when I told him that it was my duty to fly to your assistance, he said, What will you do when you get there 44 Knock at the gate," I answered, " and ask for my dear young lady." 1 " Deb," he said upon that, " I have always looked upon you as a sensible woman, bat when you talk in that way I think yon mnst be losing your wits. From the descriptions you have given me of this Aunt Parker, there's no love lost between you. Quite the contrary. She must bate you worse than poison. Well, then? Who answ rs the gate when you ring ? Aunt Parker. What does she do when she sees your face and hears what you've g t to say ? Send for a policeman. Off you march to the lock-up, Deb, old girl," said Rube, " she's got the law on her side while you haven't he ghost of a leg to stand on. And there's something else," said Rube, " you've got to think of. You've got to thick of what is going to happen after you have put your finger into another man's pie, Miss Lina writes to you in secret— she says so her- j self ; she gets her letter posted ia secret by I that fellow that signs himself Alonzo— a I rum chap he must be, but there must be a j lot of good stuff in him, though it does seem j as if he has got a tile loose— well, she ge s her letter posted by him, and it's all done 1 that neatly and cleverly that Aunt Parker I hasn't a shadow of suspicion. Miss Lina j and Alonzo regularly diddle her. Deb ; and I if she does flad out about it, and how she's i j been cozened, she'll be that mad that there's 1 I ao saying what she might be driven to do. I As likely as not, whisk Miss Lina off to j foreign parts, where you'd have as much I chance ot getting at her, or of seeing hei I and letting her see yon, as you'd liave of I getting to the moon it you tried to fly to it. I No, no, Deb," siid Rube, you must give up that idea." I ' I did, my dear ; I gave it up without I another word. Men are a great deal cooler I than women, and I was more than thankful that I had brother Rube's common sense and cleverness to help me in thinking the I matter oat. But he'd given me another idea. He talked of seeing you and letting you see me. Couldn't that be done without 1 knocking at the gate of Restoration -hall, I and without yonr wicked Aunt Parker 1 knowing anything about it ? There is the I window, my dear young lady, at which you I sit ; there is the seashore you can see from I it. It Is all in your dear, sweet letter. I If you can see the shrimpera from yonr | window, what is to hinder yon seeing I your old nurse and servant, especially if she j told you how she was going to be dressed ? I j would walk the shoes off my feet to being a J morsel of comfort to yon ; and it would be a j oomfoct to you, wouldn't it. dear, to see me j in the distance, as it would be to me to see I you at the window, thongh we couldn't I speak a word to each other ? " There's my I dear nurse," yoa would say to yourself; I 14 she isn t altered a bit, and never will alter ; she would go through fire and water to I serve me." 44 There is my dear young j mistress," I would say to myself 9 11 my poor, j dear, suffering young mistress. She oan see j me ; she is looking at me now, and knows I j am true to her, and am only looking forward | to the day when I can really serve her." It j would do us both good, my dear, I am sure, I and it might lead to other things ; it might I lead to my seeing yonr Aant Parker drive j away one morning, and to my finding out | that she would be gone two or three houre I perhaps. Then I conld come closer to the | house, and we should see each other plainer. I It made me qnite excited to think of It. I spoke of it to Rube. ,4It isn't half a bad idea," he said, » but it's got to be thought over. Nothing must he done in a hurry. That Aunt Parker is about as clever as they make 'em, and we must fight her with her own weapons, cunning and slyness. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll go and have a chat with a fellow T 1 know that's clerk in a lawyer's offyse. I've done him more than one good turn, and I'll take his opinion. I won't mention names," said Rube, 44 and I won't let him oome within a mile of the truth, but I'll put a case to him. That's what I'll do " said Rnbe, 44 I'll pot a case to him" ' There oould n't be any harm in that oould there, my dear yonng lady? And perhaps there might be just a ohance, I thought. The cleverest men and women eometimes overreach themselves, and do something that oughtn't to be done, or dop t do something that they ought. There's lawyer's, now— they can't be of one opinion I or they wouldn't fight against each other m they do. And there's the very judges them- 8elv«s, that Rube says are the cleverest of all the lawyers. One says one thing, one eays another, and then a third big.wig oomes in and says that both the others are wrong, j You've only got to read the papers — and the I way the law oases bother you, if yoa take to them, ts aoaution. It's my opinion, my I dear, that the law was made to get people into tronble, not to get them out of it I ! am sure it's enough to make one's head ache to think of things. j # Well, dear, what does Rube do bnt brine his lawyer friend home that yery night. Thev omne into the parlour, and Rube says to me with a wink s J h '1"eol¥ ? hr« «>«« ma «w I Dab, Ujrn don't miod. Thit i. my & bind Mr, Btwmoa, Q. cnowi thing or I two. Perhaps yon can give as a bit of topper?' 4 There's no perhaps in it. I give 'em as fine a dish of tripe and onions as ever was plaoed before a hungry man. And hungry | Mr. Stimeon must have been, for he ate three I parts of the stew. He was heartily wel- I oome tq It ; he looked halLetarved. I am I not sore whether I pitied him or not ; law I brings so many people to starvation point, that It's nothing but justice that some of the I spiders should suffer a bit themselves, Yoa j see, my dear, what makes me eo bitter I against the law is that it has pat you where I you are, and has given Mr Bathgate and I your Aunt Parker such a wieked holi of you, j it's all very well talking, as Mr, Stimeon I talked, of the law helping people to get their rights ; it helps the n to get their j wrongs. If you had your rights, would yoa I be in Restoration Hail at the present time? I No, you would be enjoying your life instead I of being wretched, as that wicked weman is j making yen Forgive m-3, my de»", for gciog j on At this rate, hut when I tbir k of your I cruel position my feelings get the better cf lie. I oan't keep oool, as brother Ru':s tells I me to. 4 Well, I sit and sew, and listen to their I conversation, and the way that brother Rabe j of mine leads Mr. Stimaon to the point, I makes me prouder than ever of him. The I part that is interesting to me comes ait?. r I sapper when Mr. Stimson's toagae is well j loosened. Having got thoroughly into the j law, Rube says, ' We'll suppose a case, and I he puts one to Mr. Stimson, but that one J is not yours, dear. Then, wb?n that is 1 di -posed of by M>. Stimson, Rube says, j 41 We'll suppose another case," and after Mr. j Stimson has settled that, Hebe turns to me, I and says, Did you ever hear er.ch a man, I Dsb? he ongbt to be sitting on the woolsack, I oughtn't he V I ? ay "Yes, he ought, "because I I know that is what Rube wishes me to say — J though what good it would do Mr. Stimson to sit on a woolsack beats me hollow. I am 1 sure he would be more comfortable in a chair. I Then, at last. Rube saye. " We'll suppose J another eaee and be puts yours. And puts it very clearly, my dear. I'il cut a long story short, dear, by telling you that Mr. Stimson's opinion is dead against u. There is no possible chance of the law doing any. I thing for you. For all the protection it can I give you, and the good it oan do for you, I you might as well be a piece of wood. I am I not sure, eo far as the law is concerned, whether it wouldn't be better if you were made ot wood instead of flesh and blood. 4 1 was that angry after Mr. Stimson went away that I said a good many unreasonable things.' 4 " Whioh won't mend matters," said Rube, after I had run myself down ; 4 we'il do something or other in spite of the law, though I don't say I'll be a party to anythicg that will pat me in its clutches. Miss Lina would be the last person in the world to ex pect it. The best thing we oan do, Dsb, is to go to bed and sleep on it." 4 1 oame up to my room, where I am now ; I felt, my dear child, I oould not go to bed I without writing to yoa. And to think of my ; writing suoh a long, long letter ! It's a good job loan write small, or I should use up ever eo many sheets of paper. I am calmed down a bit now, and I feel happier than I have done for many a long day. I have heard from my dear yonng lady, and I know wheie she is, and that she is bearing up bravely. Rube is quite right (he generally is right, dear, when I oome to think over what he says), it is no use knocking onr heads against brick walls. We must make the best of things, and we'll do everything in our power to make the beet of thie. Never lose heart, dear child. We are always thinking of you, and after all, perhaps something will turn up to help as. 4 1 intended to tell yoa such a lot about Rubs and me — how we live and what we do. Of course you know that Rube is a single man, so that we have the house all to our selves. When I oame to Babe there were some lodgers upstairB, hot Babe got rid of them, and there is a room we oall your room, and that I keep sweet and fresh for you— when the time eomes. I put flowers in it sometimes in remembrance of you. Good- sight, my dear mistress. God bless and guard you. I shall try to dream of you to night. (to bb coxTcrum ) 