THE EVENING MEETING In the evening the annual tea and public meetings in connection with the Missionary Society were held. A large number sat down to tea, and at the after meeting, which was presided over by the Chief Justice (Hon. S. -T. Way) there was a crowded attendance. The Chairman said they must all feel it a relief to turn from commercial failure and ?tm.i-?n con fidence to a cause in which there was no room for fear or dread of failure or of confidence being misplaced^ He was glad there was such a crowded and enthusiastic attendance that evening, because it showed that in the interest they took in mission work they were true to the traditions of the church with which they were connected. He, however, regretted that three missionary meetings were announced for that even ing. A gathering was being held in con nection with the London society, and he wished that the Conference could have attended it m a body to show their appreciation of the pioneer work that associa tion had done. But then their meeting was arranged twelve months ago, and therefore they could not put it off at a day's notice. He was sorry too that the Primitive Methodist missionary meeting was being held that even ing. If in the future they were unable to fix on different nights in the course of twelve months for holding their gatherings he hoped they would combine and hold one grand united meeting. If, however, all the three gatherings that evening were as enthusiastic as the one he had been called to preside over, good work would be done at each, and those who had the interests of mission" work at heart would have no cause to lament their being held at oije time. An evidence of missionary zeal had recently been shown by the Victorian Bible Christian Conference, who had sent their talented preacher, the Rev. Mr. Orchard, to help their brethren in New Zealand. The three most eloquent men he had heard in his life were tbe Rev?. Spnrgeon, W. Read, and Mr. Orchard, and he hoped that after the latter gentleman had finished his work in New Zealand the Victorian Conference would treat them as liberally as they had the island colony by sending Mr. Orchard to South Australia for a few months. (Cheers.) Travelling recently from Melbourne to Adelaide overland he had seen a handsome white stone church on a commanding site within thirty miles of the South Australian border, and on nearing it he had been pleased to learn that it was a Bible Christian church. As the railway approached the border of the colony the church extended its operations into the fruitful western districts of the adjoining province. It was therefore with especial pleasure that he had leaned from the reports of the Conference that they had determined that tbe churches in the aoath-eafctera district should not be abandoned. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that such an idea would not be again entertained. Tbe receipts of the mission funds last year had exceeded those of 1884 by £18, and en couraged by that fact they should look around for fresh places to occupy, and not think of retiring from established positions. _ The Sil verton mission was one of the most important of their numerous undertakings of late years. The Bible Christians in common with other Methodist connexions boasted that they were always in the van in home mission work, and he was pleased that in this instance they bad been the first in the field. Tbe other denomi nations had followed their example, but there was room for them all, and the Conference had deoided to send another minister to engage in the work, and thus hold their own. There was room in the district for almost unlimited extension, and he hoped that on no account the opportunity would be neglected. He supposed they all read the Advertiser, and would therefore haveeeeninthatmornins'sissue the report of the sermon by the Very ftev. Dean Russell, 8.D., on the failure of the Commercial Bank. In perueing- the columns of that journal he had noticed it, as he invariably read any article from the pen of the dean, whom he regatded as one of the most capable moral teachers in the colony, and he was struck by the story contained in it of the Anglican clergyman, who in speaking of his interest in tut* Commercial Bank prior to its failure had said :—" If I sell the?e shares Ido it because I have private information; the buyir has nnsueh private information. I can not overnight determine to do that which would prevent me from looking my boys in tbe face in the morning." These words were an honor to the gentleman who uttered them, and would be long remembered. He. thought they could look into the actions of one of their own denomination, and find an example of similar honorable self sacrifice. Mr. W. G. Torr, who had risen to a high position in the Education Department, and had secured one of the most coveted positions it was in the power of the department to con fer, had voluntary offered to surrender the post he held, with its emoluments, and at his own expense devote three or four years of his life to obtain a degree that would place him on a level with the best masters of the colleges of the colony, and for the purpose of taking charge of Way College. (Cheers.) Under such a master their boys would return from school more firmly attached than ever to the church of their fathers, and there would be no lack of young- missionaries not only for the distant stations of the colony, but to go forth to the distent parts of the world. Such an action as Mr. Torr's would not only be appreciated by tbe present generation, but would be re membered with pleasure so long as the history of the church endured. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. Collins moved—"That we hereby record our gratitude to God for the many tokens of his pleasure with which the society has been favored during the past year; for the help afforded to his servants in time of trial, and for tbe measure of success with which he has crowned their united labors, and we earnestly pray that in the ensuing year all connected with mission work may receive a large baptism of the Holy Ghost, and made more abundantly successful in leading men to Christ." He had been pleased to find that there was a revival of interest in their work and church in the old country. During his Bbort stay in England he had found that in many districts they were so pressed for room that they had to build larger churches or en large the present ones. In Penzance and Truro they had been compelled to pull down and rebuild. In Plymouth the denomination still held their old position in Zion-street, but they had taken up a position in the newer par tion of the city, and were building there. The home church was setting them a good example, and was perhaps never in a more flourishing condition. (Hear, hear.) The Pbesidekt of the Primitive Methodist District Meeting (Rev. S. Wellington) who at tended as a delegate from the conference of his own church, seconded the motion. He pre sented the fraternal greetings of bis denomi nation, who wished the Bible Christians God speed. The names that their founders had given the various sects might in the course of years fade from men's minds, but the name of Christ would stand for ever. The objects of the mission society were philanthropic and totally un?el£sh, as they sought by its means to diffuse the gesptl light in less favored centres. The Rev. J. Thorke said they had heard a peat deal about missions to the heathens, bat he thought they needed all their young men to evangelise tbe centre of the colony, which wax as much in need of evangelisation in'some puts as China or Africa. The motion was carried unanimously. Over £70 was raised by collection and sub scriptions, 