CHRISTMAS IN QUEANBEYAN. To the depressed state of trade, and the tightness of the money market, must be attributed the mark.d dulness of the present festive season. Judging from the slackness of business in town on Christmas Eve, and for two or three days preceding, it would seem that almost everyono had determined to be as economical as possible in expenditure for the greatest festival of the year ; and it was only after nightfall on Friday that there was any marked improvement in shopping. The local trade was certainly lively up to a late hour on that night. We saidi in our last, that some exterior decorations were going on, as regards, some of the business places. •After we had gone to press these increased- to such an extent that by Christmas morning, the principal streets of the town were trans formed into avenues. of evergreens and we could not help thinking that our -very practical aldernmen ought to havogathered a wrinkle from the poene: as to hotw the: streets of the borough would look were living, -growing, shade'trees placedin avenues on each side of the thoroughfares. We would suggest that the very hand= some' balance left for expenditure (after paying off present liabilities) out of:the proposed magnificent loan of one thousand pounds for municipal purposes, they should, next after having put all :our highways into a perfect state of draihage, and fitness for traffic, judiciously lay. out the unexponded residue (which .must" be considerable) in tree-planting, at least in Monaro-street, Macq unid-street ,Trinoulo-: place, and Crawford-street.: - . But we are digressing. Let: us :look back to Christmas, and not impertinently interfere with Aldermanic sapiency. The first sign of anything unusnal,'aftert the decorations already spoklen of, ais lieralding the coming of the great holiday, was '.vhen, our local volunteers in their wieat uniform, gathered their strength' togetheor in Mr. Ntigent's back yard, J improvised s a 'parade ground.' :Here. Drill-instructor Conway put thein through their facings, or' rather,- assisted the commaniding officer (Lieutenant Dixie)to. do so.. Captain Tompsitt rode, ip during the. exercise--not uin uniforn, for' tlh .,hallant officer couldn't see his way-clear to lead his bravoe i en on- to thlie martial glory . whili was :awaiting ttliem,? at Homelbush, but. Ihe:, (the :Captain)i looked .as : if , he' ,hhad .. occasion _, to .be: prouid of "his young : recruits- -t soine if :tliem "giisly- and . gray, notwith.l - standiig:" Well, preseistly ordersWivere: givrin to form four deep, and: " Quick maihrch!" hsving been given;, the hifi d played .miilitary nliiss, and" all Queafilioeyii turned? btt to soe the first march throughl the .ton: of .real live soldiers "on thevway to camnip life . They wsierd enti' o to tihe railway station, ;:and .were: acconiipaied 1 thither iby. goodly number of citizens,': old and young, to bid .theiink pleasant triiI "Pleasanit/"' did :we say.? IPleasant!:, a t whole detachment of volunteers' (less the, officers;' and these w.iere :favoured.:, with better'uis?itoers in a first- class :saloon car-i' riage) crowded linto one solitary comnpart-. noent of a" second-class railway carriage ! VWell, iat. any"iite, it?;was ra practinaln :way: of ' eind'rii g hardness as good soldiers.,' hit, thtlili, t ereo?e wa4 ib? . 11hp for iti.:for, time tliaii was, so' c',wdil d that tlhee was ,no mniore room to spare. 'As the." General' Gordoii" slo wly steamed out'of the station, r threeo:: lusty chleerso wei- givii'. for' otilthe Qucanbitioyn volunteers; -an-atu'X -h' .-t:r - iresponded to, aisd the band playi ing" The 1 Girl I left behlind. me,' the' temporary; trestlo-bridge ,was;crossed by, tli pufiling locomotive, and while the volunteersownt` I Ifortli;to crown themselves with!glory, the spectators went" home.to complete " their-" proparatiios for Christlumas.: : • :-- .. le Chrisi;isEisi Diay was, in' Queanboyan, of) theoqueitdst:and, most ifrdurly, type. , By-, theway;iliowvi its?tnht -soiio people g.m.to church on" Chlristhias-diy (they' wouldn't be so iipiousis isto stop at - home !) who: mtako no; sedrutj l".1?t spending their Sab 0bitl'is any whiojr tb but,- ir chtitrh ?7 But, thero, we, lavd, ito.to diviites to ;solve the: query -.. It's.enoughl for us` ti observe, ciii ourtplace as prssnimen, thlat asa niattei of fact;, Christmas-day is a great church-go-, ingdayn.'':-;Atid 'surely people whlo ,valuoe the origltiof tlie'day, and properly rover ence Hili :wlmioso birth it conmnemorates, could do a ihrso tlhuir ascribelRim praise o?e His natal dayit, 'kti6ast. Heie are a few lintes whicha a locial poet i-nevr': rinciid who -lias sent us upropos of dur'iidubject, They couldn't be bettertdis posed of than being interwoven' with this article THE BIRTH AND DEATH IN HU-L: MANITY OF JESUS.: ' AwAY o'er Egypt's barren plaii, t lotiely • : .v illa g e lie s ; :7. ,.. . iAnd near itsgates two tritvellersiwalk, in poor'aid lowly guise, : At everitide they reach- the.In, lbut iio kind host appoars, Nor words ofl.:elcome froint:a frieid, d \- .light the travellors' ears. Wearied and ewoin ltind avelstand, ';they souglht a place to rost, : No t:room was found. for thetu withini, \- -thouglih weariod andoppresi;. Yet Christin-liko theyi murnured not, . though sorrow prossed with inight,.. TIley found, beneath::tho stable's roof i shelter frothiiihe night . :Aid there whein all arouilnd seemed poo, S:scarce sheltered-froma the stoim Bit chosein foiEa glorious vork, the Son of • God was bori n ;] -- : Sgorgeous couch was made, Th chid. was wripped. in swaddling clothes, and in a manager laid" reoounids throughl ov'ry gloit- (Glury be to God on higih and oun aith good-will to.men. . : And yot aoithleoi song is sung, a pearlf f ' Tins cdy a ohild:isabnrn to 3oun,i: Sa-. .. vior, Christ,;the Lord: , lThe humble shoepherds heard thoe song aii heavenly, music ring ; ::. -They dranlk eali woaid with joy and longed to see their .proniisod King ; :. With one" brigliti star "of golden liue to load thoin~on tlioir wty, They came, ore isunsliiiie tnio)pd thiolills, : td'~whor the i ifif'lnanlt ; .; L And kneeling dowiiniii"rearret noohd, in •tones an calm, arid mild, They praised the Fh'thor's holy namei, for Christ, the Heavon-sont Child; .L ,. ' Tlihir harta rejoiced lithatGod's own Soii Sii~ mlhumini aturl oalit e, To sa~Ievoilst? and ruinied world fioii sin and death andshime. ' Now:trce' the Saviour's siidlss life, fromn T yoynder mianger bed, To whore on Calvary's wondrous cross, Ihe ibowed his dying head, 1'Twaa all obedience to the will of 1him who rules above, WVith kindness to his follow-minti and never equalled love. AlAh I se him hleding on the cross to ldeath for 'youl and un!, And hoar the cry " My God ' My God hast Thou f-rsaken me 1" - And when he yielded up the ghost; and bowed his hea4 divine, The earth was dark, the veil was renit, the sun refused to shine. 'Twas for our sake, his mortal foes, thel pangs of death he bore; ::: 'Twas wondrous love, uinojualled sinc? and never known beforen; And all was finished when he'died on Cal very's cursed tree; -- -;-- '--' He saved our souls :from doatllh and hell, and sot the prisoners free..- . And now in Heaven, on Gd sriglht hand, he sits among the blest, And calls to weary sinners, ' Corme, and I Wvill give you rest. " Oh may we stand before his face when earth and senas are fled, And hear the jud .o pronounce our namhs,· with blessings on our head . -.:,.: Sainta dCaus had 'iins devoteos, too, on Christmias :Morning.-, The generous, crafty old fellow 1;-How is ib that he never lets his left hand kiow Wmhat hiis right hand is .doing, till after his midijight visits he leavies his beiiisonis in the socks of oir clhildren- and the stockings rof our older frierids I Ah: Santa Claus You :hive been tin the school:of the carpenter's Son auid,tihe Son of'the Blessed Virgin. Ha scatoters Hisbestblessingsindiscriminately. Yiou go and do likewise, every season we are commemorating the birthi: of Jesus.:. I ' Well, Chliitmas-diy oveir,we are next ih tho. revelries and jollities of. Boixingr day-a day so 'calleld, because our linces tore, in the spirit of good Santi' COlausaind of his great M?aster, used .tliein to: send their Christmas greetings,lto their friends aiid relations in thie shape" of boxes and hampers conitaining imiiscellitieous season iblo' :gifts'' 'Now,: hoieveu,- Boxing day is a synonym: for pleasure taking. Unfortunately,.,, in .AustraliaH old Siii reigns in such fierceeiss of glory, at .thiis season of- the: year tlift it is simply a fiergy ordel taotoitake io dit door spurts,' or othLer out-door pursuits, :till dewy:.eve: Yet the ciustom is for all hands to go to the boatrace, cricket imatoch, hlorseface,, foot race, or other athlertic sports on the 26th Decembor, a m;iucli:oias to go to chbui'ch on:m th 2thh.2t In Quoanbhbeyn .thiire r wak niothing 'on'" but a: program m e of .iports in our pretty'park; but it didn't "take" liko our loical sports: uosei. ti.lowhen- in :ithei" hitIds. Ah ! tliis degenerato'aggTl VWell,' if thereweren't many (oceitainly less thian 200) there,-those who did go nmide up for it ili the test thiey throw, into. the'. unT. Theore 'weroelots of foot-races and o•thei' siporls, at?dai bind of imiusio to koep oiff tlih': drowiy god itfho othlierwisao' would have' vied with Sol for the suprmonc rule. Tlioe sports broke up 'just at thd tiome., of dlay .when odutdoor tlnuenents,would have boien most obnjoyTble; and late at night thie prizes were' piid over ii the har-pari lour of one of tlhe local pibs. Why i0ot have paid thorn over on thre giundi?. Wihy reqeuiro little bcys to hang round the ques? tibonable atmosphero of a drant-shop till it pleased the committoee to hand over ti thori their iwtll - darnied"pirizeiot-bioy ? 'WVliy'' - --·. .i The Gem Minstrels lifered a takiig lpr0 raminme at the. Protestant Hall at ui'ght as -'.wind-up to the day's L'fun aild frolio. It is o iltica d iiu aniotlier plic;, so w: ne tic oilt day niuch about -it': hdre.' Tho tlhiiig took il:amaingly;. Lodts o"f mioLiey: I as; scooped in, andt thoe people whit;) weint' there got tlhoir money's worith .lfor their. mulon es-~,;,,Y ~ i;Y :.l;,i. .C. breaklngi of " ':'kterselne lam?:p, followed with a stream -of blazingi oil on thilooro, scared lots of the softr. sex, ci lled forth. presence of liind frl Tofi l.wry Cloweyr and olthors, nild'o son iuffed ;ni' tllimeflnins thllat brdor was quickly resto0red, Withl llo hatiif boyctid a frighlit. Thitlngs in itghthaive beau W OraO;-: 7 .:. · i . F " . " +: ri worse...... Of the .private parties luand other pleasutie seekilng arrangemoets made on Boxin? dclay there wlis tlme dsual sum;n.but as'thliey wiiret privale; it is not ii our provinoc to allude to tlhemfurther .:: ., :Bald a8 thl, progroannnu was for publlic arluseiuimi it on Boxingi-diy iiQucallnioyani it sedils lil, ely to bIe balder tfd?i4v 'wYear'd' Dayidor orayet thtere is absoliltolyiothing amnnouncod besides a cricoket match in tlhe Pai;lk betawocn Giniadeira and Quealnbeyai nlayers. , 