Their Little Games. FOR brokers the most appropriate game is undoubtedly "Beggar my neighbour." For bankers - Draughts (drafts). For fashionable young ladies—Hack gammon. For thieves—Cribbage. For a bill-sticker—Billiards (bill yards). For hatters - Nap. For Kings—Roulette. For paragraphcrs—Sl:itt\cs. For an undertaker - Croak, eh ? (croquet,) For sculptors—Marbles. For schoolboys—Rackets. For footballers —Shinty. For grocer—Bowls. For priest—Lacrosse. For a bachelor—Solitaire. For an election candidate—Polo. For lawyer—Euchre. For a photographer—A carte, eh ? (ecavt»\\) Jeu d'artifice—A money lender. SLEIGHT of hand—A well-bred lady. THE Glasgowegians, somehow, don't seem to appreciate greatness. The "Yag." is evidently oli'ended with them for their failure iu falling down and worshipping him and the other Colonials. He, writing .about their trip 011 the Jona, says indignantly, " The men at work (on the shipping) hardly cheer us as we pass." We arc glad to hnd that they, at all events, made some sort of an attempt to cheer. Some Bhallow-iniiuled individuals might suggest that the men had their work to attend to, and weren't paid for cheering. Others might go so far as even to hint that it was just barely possible the meu didn't know aud didn't care who they were. Evil-minded persons might ask, "Granted the knowledge and the leisure, why should the workmen bother to cheer ?" We trust the Trades' Unions of Australia will see to it that their members instantly knock off work and grovel whenever they see a returned Australian approaching. A NEW club has been formed, aud Sandhurst is the home of this wonderful organisation. It is called "The Good Intent Club," but we are at present at a loss to know why it has been ushered into existence, unless it be for the purpose of each of the members deciding to pay their creditors 20s. in the pound. Although the club has been formed to benefit in some manner or another mankind in general, and the shopkeepers of the Golden City in particular, we do not think that it will continue to live long in this hard world, for are we not told that a certain place is paved with good intentions ? SHAM ghosts have been the order of the day lately, but Talbot has to boast of the most substantial apparition of the time. A madman, of Italian extraction, and considerable strength, has been intimidating the passers by the hut he inhabited, by compelling tbem to comply with his demands, or be decapitated under the axe he brandished in his powerful hands. The victim usually made no demur. Being at last captured, confined and ironed, it was desirable to bring him before the justices, but he behaved so violently, that the magistrate, ignoring his ability to work them any harm, considered it advisable to interview him through a grating. So much for judicial valour, when one unarmed, chained, and guarded man can disturb the equanimity of a magisterial bench. TRUTH AND SOBERNESS.—What is tlie best family medicine in tlie world to regulate the bowels, purify tlie blood, remove costiveness and biliousness, aid digestion, and stimulate tlie whole system ? Truth and soberness compel us to answer, American Co's Hop Bitters, being pure, perfect, and harmless. See, 