Hints on! I'U has boon tvwVy tcnwiVoll tho boonw ooutovtuil on isvl hoIouoo. nono oxool nml fWV( "I correcting by optical tuicl irregularities of the »1a|1 buoU aviso from altomtlim 1^*1 malformation of that mwt ,1 organ, tho oyo, As sight lmtT 80 important, any mennj A can assist to preserve It m«L with satisfaction, awl a low titfjl iu. perusing tho following"llisl nob bo unprotltably cw\\.bj(,l may ovon bo tho mm (i 1 tho reader's attention to a pi Blciovntlon o£ tho subicct, UtJI hi ghost importance thntncantfl objects should ho equally «vJ 4 i«i. t.his nvo mav iitdw.iw. liil that tho oyo may present f,l power o£ adjustment, 'thh r" done by tho unaklod eye alow,*1 nosalbln. a"' possible, but tho .Portia always wouv spectacles lyaod, and dUEoront mp, ,1 and dlstaut objects will be,1 -I tho oyo becomes lnllnmcd from J use glvo It perfect rest end ,J wator composed of sulphate o( Irritftli'j1 rosowator, 2 or,. Wtau flammatlon of tho eyelids mart* A by thotv being smenred nivbtlr 1 oamol's-halr brush, charged with J mont made of red oxide of; grs., spormaootbotntmcnt 1 ,,. taolos should only ho worn toe, jl for any deflelouey or exccnil fraotlvo powor oE the eve, ant J nolonoy or excess should to * asoortalnod by tho use of thefw, in ordor to guide us us to the r foous nocded. it must to, borno in mind tlmt spectacle lernJ bo kept free from scratches, nil tenoo of any impediment to 1 transmission of light, iutorlyl vision, and Irritates the eye, ail lensos become scratched, cxetos:J at onoo. In no case should spul selected so as to leave cyeuljl nothing to do, but how muchtujl for this power of tho eye to a:of must be determined by the skilled J and varies in dltferout cases, 1:1 sighted should not view distant J through spoctacles intended hi j thoso near at hand, or an imniitul would bo dono to tho eye. liul sighted ought always to usespl In ordor to make them view diiif jeots, but whether they should :<( taolos to soo near objects is a tho optician to decide, in each t testing the eye, and no genera, r. be laid down. lu some cases it s flcial, in others, decidedly tpjil all the work has to he done mi and their prolonged useisalwaeiM by the focal length of the eye dl from tho other. The eye stow view an intense light. Glasses'!. I tint should be used to protee. 1 from sunlight, when weak o i l irum To remove this serious objecik are employed made from rock crnj oommonly called Bmxilinn pete lut°n -I'0fiu','ccl for spectacles, a«d tnin slices of the rcrptisite (fu'eissi xortunntoly, even In tliisarticte, i ness, •without consideration ol \i aots prejudicially, for the dim j whiob the soction of the email effects tho quality of the rciulial One direction yields us n clear lea aeotion, which ndmlts the p.is-o^e description of light, without uii fraction or interference, wherein J in an opposite direction showl under polarized, ami eonietiaf under ordinary light, and, frouiM f erence, is totally uuiitted for -Vj lenses. We often see adverti'iet'S cheap pebble spectacles, but ttt/j dear ones to the nnfortumtc H for the crystal from which the .'.-rJ made is" cut at random, in evers-J that will yield the greatest slices, hence they are lenses wi useless, and do irreparable uiR'l the wearer. Not long since, u ?-!l applied to me, complaining '"-'l ! using a pair-of pebble speewd ; chased of a respectable (inn, neiall found one eye irritated «"<'' and wished mo to explain ® jElxnmination of the lenses by f'l light showed one of the two w <*PJ cut from tho crystal, and t«at 1 (the ono complained of) trus f wrong" direction; removal on i i lense, and the substitution of mw-j perly out and of the same fa-1 • evil. To insure the a,ccu(^ ,„, I of spectacles, they should t from, also repaired by,, ft pro When suffering from defect^" suit a praotioal opticianjTT ' B, bands, 81 Queen-street, Memo 