MELBOURNE. (FROM ouv own coniS"Of?ND)NT.) FP:icRARY l5. The present political position in Victori is simply unique. In the first place, political parties are led by two gentlemen who have held office seven weeks after they were publicly known to be political ghosts; in the second place, these have echosen their Elishas and proclaimd thm to the world without in the least briging up their own translation in hriots of fire, which in our prosaio days are represented by ocean-going steam boats; in the third, these two have repr sented the colony at a Federal Council, and enacted laws they will not be in Par inent to defend; in the fourth, the lishas have each laid their own pr gramme before the country,lirrespectivc of the fact that their Elijahs had not given up business, and to conclude, a nw .inistry has been practically formed, the names of its members with the allotment of officers, publislhedunollicially, of course, but stillso correctly that the leadlers whn challenged, cannot repudiate one of the, od all while nnother Government still olds the reins of power. Add to thi about, six platforms put forward to dis tract the country, and about half a dozen leaders, each fighting for his own hand, and we nmay consider ourselves in about a pretty a pickle as the Greeks were before Troy when reout by factious mar plotting. One feature of tihe new Government ich will probably be announced on Wed esdal, next, is that it is a Press one, and contains more men who have graduated upon newspapers and first by that means won their public, spurs, than any that have preceded it. It containsino less than five gentlemn, who have proved to be remarkably handy with the pen, four of whom have actaly done staff work on newspapers. It will curious to note the effect of this influence on the tone of the Preos generally, for with the advent to office of the Gillies eakin combination, it may be said, in the fullest meaning of the words, that the Press of Victoria rules thime country. With the Press exerting its tremendous iun ence outside, and a majority of Pressmen in Cabinet conning the ship, and the re presentatives of the powerful 'daily ne ppera actually presiding at the depart ments, the despotism of the Press ay be said to have been completely in ngurated, and it speaks well for the intellectual training it gives, that on su an occasion as the present the most fitting men in Parliament to hold office are ad judged to be those who obtained their ex perience of political life in the gallery s well as on the floor. There is every reason to hope that the despotism will be a bne ficent one, for there is no one more sensi tive to public opinion, more apt to catch its drift, and quick to shape its course by it than your thoroughly trained, success ful pressman. A Ministry imbued with this class of talent will be quickly respon sive to the touch. of public opinion, and axious to keep in accord with it. It will glide rather with the stream of current thought than attempt to stemin it. It will e the brain of the body;politic, throbbing in responsive federation with the great heart of the people beating tumultus below. Please don't be deluded into thie belief that the various schemes propounded by the doctrinaires whol seek to bettor their positlon inthenew Parliament by gaining a little temporary notoriety now, are really planks. Actually they are only window' sashes, and the chances are that before the ouse of Assembly callsMr. Ml. H. Daviesto the chbair as Speaker, there will bol su a lot of light passed through them that you ill find they are all consideredtoo hollo for use. Seriously, though, lthis little move ofd chairing Mr. Davies is conte lated should Mr. Lalor fail to return to th new Parliament as expected. If this probability does eventuate it will be to Ssincerely regretted, for no one has ver ruled our turbulent Assembly with more impartial judgment and better discretion exhibiting always "the reason firm, the temperate will," than Peter Lalor. t there's many a slip, &c.;, and Mr. Davies' own seat is none too sure. My wn impression is that the new Parliament ill contain at least a score or twenty-two new.faces, but so far as can be learned from the districts where the now candi ates are best known, none of them are likely to prove of commanding ability, the ajority appearing to be of the average Shire Counciller or member of the Board of Advice stamp. The woman suffragists have scored a victory. After years of discussion and newspaper talk, they have at last suc ceeded in formulating a distinct item on their programme. They have forced the recognition of their claims in that they have by a majority-a small one, it is true, it still a majority-in public meeting asembled, carried an amendment that in fture woman's suffrage shall form a plank of the National Imperial League. We are nt told whether those present voted for the amendment purely for the "fan of th thing" ou of gallantry for the ladies, or uder compulsion from heir better halves; all wedo snow is, that the u?enlmoe~ ) s \--. ..7 a 41.. . 1.. * aril,, ann .,1 a ,argi aibrity n oy meeting so far disagreed with the decision. rrived at as to quit the building at once. lrs. Duedale and other powerful feminine advocates of the movement were on the platform, so that it is little wonder tat a majority was secured for the amend ment. He must indeed be a bold one who could so far run the fallay of femininity present on Friday night at Ilotham as to ave raised any objection. As arule I on't care about prophesy, but I dare take reasonable odds that before the statutory time expires we shall have a lady candi ate nominated for one of the con stituoncies for the general election. The oly doubt is-but no, perish the tsht -some gallant will be found willin t dvance the indispensable "fifty." Looking over the files by recent mails sav been impressed with the longe ith which ministers of religion fvoured. Evidently there must be so hing after all compatible in preaci he gospel with rest and peace of otherwse it would be impossible tht many clergymen should so far outlive rseribed three score and ten of salmist. In the insurance ofics, thi important fact is fully recognised learn from a "life" canvasser tha he case of ministers, advanced i equire less loading than those of the ordinary man usiness. But even in the chu n the scale varies. Thus in the tablo ates theCongregationalistandth Epic al Church~rankgfirst, while next in o comes the Roman Catholics, the s sytirians, the Baptists, while very down on the scale are the Wesl Methodists, the position of the lattr b oubtless due in a great degree to motional nature of their services ending to impair the healthful acti o he heart, with its consequent danger ife. There are one or two statisti rhve culled of deceased clergymen, losiha Ball (Congregationalist), age Joshua Armitage (Congregationalist8 nd Ree. E. Derrington (another ge ationalist), 85. How many other Iesons are there can show suche workers dying in harness . T'hose Masons who have thrown in fotunes with the colonial constituo ill be glad to hear that there is e probability of Lord Carrington eected Grand Master of New S Wales. I have more than once poor readers particulars of the so that has arisen in the ranks of the c Some time ago many influential Ma n both Victoria and New South ae decided that the time had arrived he many colonial lodges should be I y governed. Littld by little the " wthin the lute" widened, till last the breach was so wid to admit of the entrance he New South Wales and Victorian titutions. The former has been in tnce for some time, and has gr comparatively strong, while the latter made but slow progress. Naturally t .ecpartiires from tice Ilartiit 'constitutios have been looked upon as heretics, and this feeling has been fostered by certain oflicers to whom the recognition of the celonial constitutions meant a loss some wbat more tangible than a blot on the prestige of the craft. These latter will therefore oppose tooth and nail all at tempts at a compromise, while the real Mason, who anticipates no profit from his connection with the order, will bail with pleasure the election of Lord Carrington as Grand MIaster, as tending to promote peace and good fellowship among the brethren all the colonies over. A Mr. Charles Montroso, a journalist well-known in Mfelbourne, has exponded considerable pains in the production of a pamphlet on trades unions and strikes. From a cursory glance it would appear that Mr. Moutroso has mainly directed his efforts to prove that, as a rule, trades unions are a mistake. It is just now that the majority of folks will be inclined to differ with the writer. At the door of trades unions can scarcely be laid the evil of strikes, for evil they undoubtedly are. Rather will it be ac cepted that ender proper control these umions will do much to mitigate, if not al together abolish, strikes. As a rule, these unions are looked upon as menacing com binations against employers and capital. Buht it must be remembered that with us each trade is but one of a grand whole, presided over by the Trades 1Hll Council, to whom is remitted the consideration of all questions affecting labour. Now, as this same council has exhibited a desire to come into friendly relationship with the employers, so will the possibility of strikes be gradually minimised. Natheless, this exception, Mr. MIontrose's cheap little pamphlet is very readable. Where is it some people will not steal from. With those who have a mental warp, and to whom the question of mseum and tinum, is a more abstract one, one place is as good as another so long as it furnish material for their depredations; and youar petty thief will go to anamount of trouble Wholly inadequate to the remuneration attendant thereon, of such is the man Pitches, who loosened the screws from the showcasesin the TechnologicalMuseumand abstracted certain gold specimens which hlie ultimately crushed at home. But in his case justice was speedy, for returning' to the iMuseum in the hope of further plunder, lie was caught red-handed, and given over to the police. Irony of fate purzued him, too, on the last visit, as I munderstand the show case he was operating on contained only a number of stones plentifully besprinkled with gold leaf, the brilliant appearance of which had attracted the attention of the petty larcenist. It is not so long since that the Commer cial Travellers' Club removed to Collins street east. In their present situation they have a commodious suite of rooms, replete with all the conveniences of club life. This is an association that is getting on extremely well. I am informed that: they have in the funds something like .3000, from which they, from timetotime, drawvery liberally forseholarships. They have also a relief fund, but the gentle men of .the road point,, with justi fiable pride, to the fact that up to the present they have had no call on this fund. By-and-bye theyhope to be rich enough to build a palatial club- house of their own. But even as it is there are few pleasanter :places to drop into for a chat and a smoke than the Strangers' Boom of the Commercial Travellers' Club. Mr. J. J. Leongmore has been, once more tickling the ears of the grounllinugs with his fiery denunciations of the liquortraffic. We know from experience both inside and outside the Legislative Shamber that the aferetime elect of Ripen and Hampden never was very particular in] his choice of terms in which to brand that monster of iniquity, the publican. But it is notoften that even this Boanerges of Temperance tieated us to such deliverances as "those loafing, lazy, corpulent, Brummagem chained bonifaces'." Here now is an elegant combination of alliteration and abuse. "Lazy and loafing" would have been bad enough, but "Brummagem chained" was the last straw. I am think. ing that Mer. Longmore knows but little of the licensed victuallers' trade, or he would hardly have designated the man who works from daylight to one in the morning as lazy, whatever othier] faults he may have. We have had a "pretty little row" at the Opera House. It seems that one of the leading ladies claimed a partnership in the venture. This was repudiated, and the information furnished that she could either take over tihe whole affair or leave. She chose the latter alternative, but not before she had fainted in the most effec tive manner on tihe previous night. But her absence on Friday night served to introduce uis to a new prima dfonna, in the person of Miss Harcourt, who, previotLiy a page, in Madame l'Arclhidue managed to surprise us all with the archness of her acting and the excellence of her singing. So satisfactory was her performance that she has, I hear, been offered more than one engagement, but will remain where lshe is for another week. 