FROM HICK IS AND THERE. Pickens is u groat BtoryxtMllor, unci Jjocicc JJidiardsuii is ft grout storysteller, Dickens excels with iv pun on paper: Mr Jiiehnrdson excels with the voice on Lho singe. Last night the latter (iul for tho former what a greqfc actor docs for Shakespeare J lis recital of one of Pickens's finest und most pathetic productions was mi artistic perform ance in the ( highest seuso. If there wise a commercial Hcmogo in the audience, insulated hy bachelor solitude and cursed hy the greed for gold, he must certainly have caught the moral of llm story and learnt to mend his ways, if there bo in Melbourne n dew of tlto typical, historical aud proverbial type, his "tiisness" heart would surely have molted 4 had he seen and heard the representation of Mm grasping knave who bore the Hebrew epithet. Jt is possiblo that lie would have repeated the words of Longfellow when speaking of the chosen race, "what once lias been shall never tin again." The immortal Dickons, him- self the prince of sketuhers, could not have wished for a I setter interpreter of his wonderful carol The ghost of Marley, the visions of Dash, Present, and Future, tin? struggle of Tiny Tim with life ami death, the battle of 13ob Gratohob with the frightful monsters of Ignorance and Want, which will remain to suftuu Lho hearts of the human race as long as Christmas has a story to _ tell, left an impression upon the audience like footprints on the muds ot time, came as a shock amongst an opulent people, in a laud flowing with millc and honey, where reckless extrava gance and prodigality prevails and where poverty rears its hideous head in the midst of plenty. The breathless silenco of a crowded and partially seatless audience ; tlio alternate sympathy mid convulsive merriment of a highly appreciative, gatheringiand tlierepcnted ij»oiitaneouH and hearty nppluuse of a select and cultured assemblage testified to the merits of tho recital, and the elocution and liislrifmic ability of tlio ontortainer. Tho wooing scene from .Henry the .Fifth, which was given prior to thu carol, was worthy of tlio second effort. "Our native worth" is a favorite theme of the Kov A. Uosiimn, and he had something to say concerning the comparative excellence of the homo grown ministerial article at a recent sittings of the Council of tho Congivgntional Union of Victoria. JIo urged that it was high time men should ho treated on their merits, irrespective of birthplace, und that merit in young colonists shouUl bo as generously recog nised as was ability in men from tliooldcountry. He evidently thought that there were those who regarded tho colonics much jn tho same light as tho Jews did Nazareth of old, for, warming to his subject, ho exclaimed, ' There are young Australians abroad that will shako to tho foundations this old notion that no good can come out of Nazareth. While it is absurd and stupid for ub to assumo that wo havo all good in ourselves, what wc havo to remember is that our good will slnud com parison with any imported good. There is a rising inclination 011 tho part of a great many young mon in our churches for this work, and I siucoroly hopo and pray that it will not be retarded—that no dash of indifference will throw back that aspiration, but that hey will bo kindly treated," There was a ripplo of merriment among tho Ministers and delegates when the Dev. J. Currie, a sturdy up-couutry l aster, roso to sneak after Mr Gasman's earnest advocacy of the hoiuo grown article. It seemed tu bo ex pected that Mr Currio might put in a word or bo for tho "imported" article but if so tluit ho d is- appointed expectations, declaring thai hcquito agreed with MiGGosinaii in the viow thnt the Jiomo-grown article had advantages over thu imported. The colony, lie said, must look In thu main to those who had been brought up hero, and had. as it were, the full feeling of colonial life " dyed in the wool." Mr Gasman, howover. disclaimed evor having cither thought or said that tho colonial article was superior to Ihu imported, but said lie, " We are thoroughly equal, taking ouo thing with another. Wo stand compared, shoulder to shoulder ; mid I wish tlmt churches would judge of the men irrespective of from whero they come." Speaking of tho recent tragedy in Elizabeth ilrcet, a gentleman said that it brought back to hiB memory a caso which occasioned khuo excitement in Chelsea a few years ago. A nan hadshowu symptoms of insanity, mid l»is wife hud been advised upon different >c- cxsiotis to have lulu confined in an asylum. Shu refused, howover, mid 0110 day was sit ting in a room readiug, when her husband entered, and calling her hy Christian name, laid,, ".Do you roinombor what was dono to John thu Baptist?" " Yes," replied tho wife, " ho was bohended." " Well," said tho husband, "Iaingoingtobolioadyou," "Oh, that will be nice, but wait until I get a tiico clean plato for you to put my head in." Saying this tho wife ran out of tho room and locked tho door after her, just as hor husband pulled a carving knife from boncath his vest. Tlio police were sent for, and tlio man was secured before any harm was done. Had not tlio wife the prcseuco of mind to humor Iter husband, thcro is no doubt but that a tragedy very similar to tho ono hi Elizabeth street would have been recorded. Mr Bent ia a curious study. Horo is a man who has risen, to bo an Exocutivo Councillor, and yet ho keeps up to tho eyes in tlio business which engaged lulu na a rate collector. Not for worlds would ho iniss a meeting of tho Brighton Borough Council orMoorabbm shire, Throughout the week ho will bo dealing in larlinmcnt with matters of Consolidated Keveuuo, Stato Railways, and so on. On Monday evening, at tlio Brighton Comici, ho couuUhj fiocn devoting as earnest attention to epilations as to whether Mra Wiggins had a light to a right-of-way, and whother Jobbins's cabbage garden encroached 1 feet on tho bye- road. Frederick tho Great would bo equally intent upon tho grand plans of tho cam- imign, and tho shoe-bucklcs of tlio common soldiers, A horrible crimo was committed this after- neon (Oth September), says tho Paris corres pondent of tho Times, in tho Kuo Alvany, at Anns: — A young woman named Lea Heritier, aged 28, canio to Paris two yenrs ago as ser vant. Sho was Reduced and bccaiuo the miHtrcBs of a man named Blanc, also aged 28, who professed to bo a cook, but really be longed to the mast disreputable class of coundrols in Paris. Ho told her that lie meant to make her keep him, and, when sho retused, lit beat hor unmercifully, and took bur dresses and trinkets from hor and sold hem, Sho lodged a cnmplaiut and Blmic was sentenced to four months' imprisonment. Uii leaving prison ho went to the bousa ,"rw B" lived, taking advantage o the absence of tlio concierge, and knocking m t.,,u,"oor» Hilu opened, ho told her ho bad couio to settle nor affair," and pro duced a long lenifo in a wooden handle. She cried help 'und " murder," but, buforo there Was tuno for assistance, lie had seized Iter by tnu Juur, thrown hor on tho ground, and cut off her head. Thu door was fastened and a neigh- J,r trying to get in hnd to escape, as Blanc Was armed with a revolver. Meanwhile, a cmwcl had assembled before the window, at which tho murderer appeared with tho liend. Be hung it by the hair to tlio handle of the emitter, dust as tho door was burst open by wVi 1 , .tce» shot himself in the breast 'ih his revolver. The two bodies were re moved to tho morgue. 