The Sailor's Yarn. \- j i. i ' You say that a man has got to have a knowledge of I navigation before he can command a ship, do you ?' said an intelligent-looking seaman to a boarding- house runner the other day as the pair stood on an East River pier wait ing for an incoming ship to be docked. ' I do,' said the runner. ' Thenyouareout of your reckoning,' continued the seaman ; ' for 1 have known a man to command a ship and make good runs in her, and yet he didn't know any more I about navigation than you do.' The runner and several others who stood near, aud who had heard the seaman's pe culiar statement, asked him to tell them about the strange captain, who knew nothing about navigation. This request i seemed to etnice tue seaman as quite reasonaDie, ana lie at once proceeded to spin his yarn. ' About 20 years ago,' he began) ' when I was first made an able seaman, I shipped here on a full-rigged clipper, bound for Callao, Peru. The captain was as fine a looking skipper as ever I saw. He was tell and stout built, with a heavy beard, which he took a good deal of pains with. They called him Captain Phillips. Though he was mighty fine-looking and talked as if lie knew everything, -when you looked at him dose to for a minute, somehow he didn't look a smart man*. The first time I went to the wheel he was on deck, and I watched him a deal more than I did the compass, and the more I looked at him the more I made up hiy mind that with all his talking ways and looks he wasn't what I called a smart man. One queer thing about Captain Phillips was that he kept a servant. That's something very strange for the captain of an American ship to do. But they said that the captain was bom in England, and he talked a little as if he was. But that servant of his was a queer looking fish.- They called him Scotty. That fellow was awkward. His legs and arms seemed . twisted. Nothing fitted him, and he had red hair, and his ugly face was all covered with big freckles. But somehow about the eyes he lookedsmart. ' One night when we were getting down near Cape 'Horn our watch had from 8 to 12 o'clock on deck. I was stand ing near the pumps, and the mate told me to go aft and coil up some ropes that the other watch had left down. . I went aft, grumbling, of course, and began cbilingthe ropes. I noticed a lighted window, and getting down to it — I was curious when I was young, you see — I could loot into the captain's cabin. On the lounge lay Captain Philips, who looked as if he'd been drinking too much ; but my eyes stuck out when I saw Scotty. That young fellow sat at a table with a chart before him, He had a pair of compasses out, and was making out his course on the chart. He jumped up and look a look at the weather glass, and then he started towards the after com panion-way. I jumped up and went to coiling the ropesagain. I heard Scotty come on deck. Says he to the man at &! wheel, 'The captain says change the course a point fa- the west.' The mate came aft then, and Scotty tnin him about lAmging course, and ihcji said, * The captain says when you change the watches tell your men to DeTeady fpr a call, for the glass is going down, and we're likely to have aheavy breeae before morning.' I finished coil ing up the ropes and went forward. Thinks L, ' This ship is navi^ted Ity vtft auju8«uk.iea't # - * any more a navigator (2uir I am. He may be captain, but he's no more than a speaking trumpet for Scotty so far as handling the ship goes.' . 'At 12 o'clock my watch tamed in, but Bomehow 1 couldn't sleep. I kept thinking about Scotty. -.-I saw bow he 'hwfl all along given his own orders about fondling the ship, while he seemed to be only giving messages ? from the. , captain. When the captain .had. , come on deck and given any orders I felt sure that Scotty - had told him- what to say before he left the cabin. Aid. when he had given orders with Scotty by him Scotty had i always muttered, and what had he muttered but the very j orders that Captain Phillips repeated after him. I saw , what a fraud the captain was when I thought it all over, but what puzzled mo most was why didn't Scotty strike out for himself and be a 'captain, irl stead of pretending to be a servant mm) letting Captain Phillips use him that . way. There was some mystery about it, that was plain, but I - couldn't guess what it was. I could only suspect -that in some way or other the captain had got a tight hold on Scotty. While I lay in my bunk thinking about all this it came on to blow, and all hands were called to shorten sail. ^ j Scotty was right when he told the mate that we were likely to bave a storm, although when he said it the weather looked as nice as you could ask to have it in those latitudes. That showed how. well Scotty understood what he was about.* ' . ' We got into Callao and landed our cargo all right. The captain then said that we would go to San Francisco, where we would be paid off and the ship would take on a cargo of grain for Europe. Early in the afternoon of the second j day out from Callao the mate went out into the main . , channels to see if the paintwork there didn't want touching up. Somehow he lost his balance and went overboard. The ship was hove to and we started to lower a boat, but the mate was seen to throw up his hands and sink out of sight. Captain Phillips came on deck with Scotty by him end sent tor the second mate, who told him that there was no chance of saving the mate. The captain asked the second mate if he understood navigation. The second mate said he could brace up the yards and 6uch as that, but ho ; didn't understand navigation. I Then,' said the captain, 1 I'll put back to Callao for a - j. 1 new mate .' ? ; ' Scotty turned to the captain and said, ' Why not make me mate?* ' The captain looked mad and said to Scotty, ' Why, you don't understand navigation.' ' Scotty looked madder than the captain for a minute. Then he came alongside Captain Phillips and began j whispering in his ear. Scotty talked mighty earnest, and ' seemed to be begging hard for something — I suppose it was to be made mate — but the captain did nothing, only shake his head and look sulky.' H. 'And this time the ship was lying to. Finally, I saw I Scotty looking mighty ugly out of the corners of his eyes. J He was pale, too; but he went up to the captain, and seemed to beg him once more, but the skipper again shook his head, and. said loud enough for me to hear him, ' We must put back to Callao. Then he went up to Scotty and stood, by him. I knew he expected Scotty to mutter to him what orders he was to give to put the ship about and head her back to Callao. I thought at first Scotty was going to rebel, but he began muttering as usual, and the captain gave out the orders with as big airs as if he owned us all. In a minute or two we were sail ing close to the wind on the port tack. As the trado 1 winds were now against us, we had to beat back to Callao. Four bells struck, and I was sent to the wheel. An hour later the captain and Scotty came on deck, and the ship was put about on the starboard tack. This time Scotty's teeth seemed to l-e clenched, and he looked mighty ugly. I heard the captain sty in a^ow tone to Scotty as they walked up and down, ' You know that I've only got to tell the Eng lish oonsul, and you're as good as hung.' Then Scotty says, ' You know veiy well I only struck him in self-defence. If Pd told the captain at the time, it would have been all right. , I've a good mind to tell the consul myself.' Then they got out of my hearing. But I saw how it was then that uie captain had his hold on Scotty. Scotty had killed a man in self-defence, he claimed ; but the captain knew of it, and was holding it over him. ' At i o'clock I left the wheel and my watch and went' below. At 6 o'clock we came on deck. 'We bad not gone about again, but I supposed that we would very -soon. The captain aud Scotty were standing in front of the cabin | door. Scotty was pale as a ghost. Says he to the second I mate, ' The captain says send all the men aft.' The | captain looked surprised at this. The men all came aft. 1 Then Scottv cried out. ' Captain Phillips, will you make 1 . me uiate ? This is the last time I wifl ask you.' Scotty j said this in such a way that the captain look©! frightened. j He stuttered for a minute, but he saw a wicked look spread ing over Scotty's face, and he said, ' Yes, Scotiy, I appoint you mate.' Scotty took two bounds that' took him up on the afterhouse. He had grown straight all of a sudden. He held up his head, and there was fire in hiy eyes. For the first time in his life he really looked well. 4 Helm to lee!' he cried; 'we must put about!' Then he gave out ! hit. oc mniillv and -LK dfflirlv flft if hp had ftnmmandAd ships for years. ' The ship swung around ou the port tack, but as she did so my hair must have lifted my hat up about two inches, for right dose on our port quarter lay a line of breakers which dashed over a ledge of wicked- looking reefs. I bad no doubt that Scotty had intended to run the ship on. those rocks if the captain had refused the last time to make him mate. Captain Phillips was leaning against the bul warks and looking at the 'breakers. He seemed to be regularly stunned. Scotty, after tacking, wore the ship slowly around until she headed about north-north-west before the south-east trades. During the rest of the run to San Francisco, Scotty was not only mate but commander of the ship as well. Captain Phillips did nothing but mope. He gave no orders himself, but- left everything to Scotty, who seemed to be a first- rate navigator, and he was mighty proud to show it. ' The day after we arrived at San Francisco we were paid off. I stumbled across an old shipmate cf mine called Liverpool Jim. We went into a saloon and had a few rounds of drinks. We were standing at the window, when who should we see going along the sidewalk but Captain Phillips and Scotty. Jim started back at sight of them. ' *'? ' Why I know those fellows, * says he. ' They are ? * 'Say s I, 'They are the captain and mate I've been sailing under.' ? ' - ''Says he, ' Which is the captain?* ! ' I pointed out Captain Phillips, and he laughed. [ ' Why,' said he, ' that's old Bill Jones, a steward I sailed with on an English barque four years ago. - He put on so many airs that folks took him for a captain when he was. on shore, but he never had as much brains as I've got, j and that's saying mighty little. But the young fellow with Bill Jones has get brains. He was an apprentice boy on the same barque, and was mighty smart at navigation. They said he'd make a first-class shipmaster.' ' Then I questioned him a bit, and it turned out- that on the barque the second mate was down on Scotty, and was always using him rough. But one morning the second I mate was missing, and it was supposed that he fell over- ' boaid during the night. No one suspected Scotty. I made up my mind' that this second mate had attacked ; Scotty, who had killed him in self-defence and had made j away with the body. The steward knew his secret, and by i holding it over Win made Scotty do just what he wanted, ! until he finally broke out and got made mate. The steward ' utj probably passed himself off as a captain, end by forged 4I letters or something of that sort got command of a' ship. You could get command of an American ship then without passing an examination. ' I never learned whether Scotty told his story of the killing of the second mate to the English consul at 'Frisco. But about two years later on, when the barque I belonged to lav at anchor off Staten Island, a big American ehip that was baing towed to sea passed quite dose to us. On the after-house stood the captain. - it was Scotty. There was no niistaking him, though he had grown a full beard and stood up straight, and really looked well. But when I looked on the main deck, who should I sec come out of the cabin but another man I knew wclL He had on a long apron and a white cap, but he put on airs enough tor a I captain. He was the steward of the ship. But who de | you suppose it was ? It was 'bill Jones, the man who foe | several years passed himself off as a shipmaster, and who i thea cailc^ oiyjsoif -J§j^tain, Philips,' — -J&m; JEoU: Timet* | 