PINS. ! .: ^^VijfVfc^ef $S£y veil be «skfed, when ope eees.a- newspaper notice of a ¿et .mm.^-:^i$n»^Í£ÍrOB fie subject'of ; j'JJoilÍii»¿W*íér," "Â' rose by any other flame «inelU just at sweet/' they say, and for my part, I see no paitieulnr objection io "Boiling Water", as the h?ad line of a seimon any more than t do to " Ups and Down," " Rot"--nnd, »ell it not in Gath, " It's dnmned hot!" «hie!) were the words a certa! i rev. gentleman of my acquaintance electrified his audience with some years as», at a certain church in Sydney. Tos," said thc burly, white snrpliced, Cospel expounder, a« he mopped his head und ruddy face with a bandana, " it, damned hot !" and with such earnestness that many af the pious minded ones who loved to " sit undnr" the good man felt extremely uncomfortable, and fidgetsd uneasily in their seats-some even started for the door, expecting, no doubt, to see the roof iall in. But my clerical friend soon put matters right by informing his wondering congregation that he had heard these very words uttered hy a larrikin just under the window of the vestry, while in the act of putting on his surplice, and tho thought struck bim that 'l would be a good opening for his sermon-which, in fuct, it was, for he orated most eloquently tl'nt evening about certain Warm places on earth and under the earth-so much so, that lie lind the people perspiring at the bare idea ol there being anything hotter than the weather was on that identical Sunday eve. Now, the gentleman who preached a sermon on " B >i!ins Water" did not take his auditory into euch sultry quarters ; be drew it mild ; and even though there may have been many who had an idea that boiling water was precious near fire, it was consolatory to know that water lie between the fire and them. It was G. A. Sala, I think, who drew a very italy picture of the boiling lakes of New Zealand-ns horrible a pictute, iu fact, as ever Milton or Dante conceived. But ou¡ I preacher went in for nothing near so sensa tional ! his boiling water turned out to be ! simply vapour, or os a celebrated cockney once said of steam-" boiling waler in a sweat"-said vapour eventually settling don n as aqua pura ; the real stingo, without one drop of the contaminating decoction from South Creek tanneries or wool-wash ings. But the preacher drew rather a dolorous picture of religious wotk generally, methinks-yet be ought to know something of the state of affairs itt the Christian camp - and it was something like such an admission which Bill Nye made when he declared that the Caucasian was "played out"-though surely, it cannot be admitted that tho Chris tian is played out! Wonderfully weakened, no doubt, through being split up into so many fragments ; though, not played out by long chalks. Still, the admission has been made that he is not keeping ptce s-ith others in the march forwards ; and if this be so, why, O, why! not concentrate more energy upon those crowded plague spots of humanity we know lo exist in civilised communities, by leaving those so far away from home to their own sweet devices of (nm-a-hawking their neighbour«, and dining off them. This .would be a far more rational proceeding, and w ould pay far better in the end. How ever, it does seem passing strange that while there ure so many of our poor Anglo-Saxon and Celtic brethren wallowing tn vice and misery, that they should be passed by un heeded by these philanthropic gentlemen who seem to be ever seeking a martyr's crown in some cannibal island. Why is it thus ; and why leave work of this sort to an organiza tion of enthusiasts whom your " régulât" gospeller affects to despise? "Charity be ginncth at home ; and while we have mission aries abroad scrambling for loaves and fishes and political power, place, a.d pay, and Christian ministers at hunte confessing that the churches ore almost stationary, it is better to keep ones' pence out of the missionary box-unless it be thc Home Mission.ny box. The fact is, the most rational cours; to pursue would be to 6ond missionaries to all the large cities iu tho world -where they'd fiad fifty to operate upon to every one they'd find in the islands ol the Pacific. There's a Wonderful attrac tion in these islands ; but what the loadstone is, tho uninitiated kt.oweth not. Cattle stealing always fetches 'em. It is rather a sore subject with many, and, no dnulit, much sympathy is felt in these cases. Other men may go into Court quite indiffer ent as to who wins or who loses; they have no particular leaning oiiker way-they are sinip'y content if thc Wrong-doer gets what bc deserves, and just as pleased as anybodv else when an accused person is acquitted purely on thc merits of tho case. But when snell on one sees »hal seems to him a strong current of political anti party feeling set in, and a lot ot challenging going on, bc gets disgusted, if nothing else-et un though he may not have the ghost of a wish that any poor devil should bc deprived of liberty. Those in dosperate straits always move more energetically titan others not so situated ; «bile calmness and assurance denote, ns a rule, innocence. Of course, the world is frequently deceived in tum; deceit is ram pant everywhere, and the bissest scoundrel may carry the most comp Sed faeo uni rinn <j'i:ili>nt manlier. lt is a ennui thing that our judges - th it is, the paid j j udges, the servants of lin- Croirn-nie strang rs ; that is to Fiy, cut olf fionl nil social connection with the districts in which they may hold C'MJi't. Tho judge, in this respect, is Cosmopolitan, audit weie well for society lor justice, one may say-if thc other judges (Ibo twelve unpaid ones) »vre also. The twelve men ?' ho icst and true," who decido thc fate of our criminals, are, under our svstim, essentially judges, and as fueb ï-hnuld he just as Irco I mm Was and parti alitv as the salaried gentleman who wears a wi/and sits upon the B neb. Why not? if peuple will insist «pun this old time honoured blunder of bavin", twelve of their country men bitting jo judgment- twelve men, who may lie i 1 -tcrate, or mav bc pnig-ssed of everything1 but thecilw, judi t-inl mind neceas,ry to (beide wild her ;i tuan i» "Uilty or ioiii-eOhl- reverie the order ol tiii"a< ; . . lier c MIVOV tho n.ci-icil p rs.oo io i," :!nr «I -:i<", ur '»ive ali lb- eriiijrmeii !1*:>.!:I-.-IH1 to «¡.pear i'll the jtl'v ¡i bi¿ pic h. p. uti heir .expenses to li; oilier .'.s .?('.."¿ec f'T chinbi"," as thc K -'iro Inno- ? .m men sry, is il very i;..e,.! i|. oe. We luive lo'.s of money in Inc M ! in i.i í>f.i nil-'If I- '-I ?lltlÉ. 4>l6ny^in fpV* ff* itn«Í^empt%oá % wo have enough, at any rate, to trait our " painted folrliers" to a pii!-n;c, and why not transfer our jurie* from one place to another. I« >§nt3^nd'.^lB.<^)?»n nature is much better understood (lian here ; the Coast Guárdeme» »re never allowed-to .remain .long in »ne place for fear oî collusion 5 the, S'niihern roon is sent North, and the Northam nan sent South, »nd soon; and even here in New South Wides it lias been mooted, fay peiple of equally suspicious minds, «hit the police be changed every two Or three years. Now, even «ach holy people as (he Salvationers who ktio* for a f-ict that they are "swed," and should, therefore, be proof against friend ship, greed, love, or any mundane feeling aro shifted at frequent intervals, lest, I pre. su me, the lasses should tall in love with somebody, «nd prefer a husband to walking backwards thr ugh the streets jingling a tam bourine, and hiding n pretty face iu a coal scuttle bonnet. If such good people cannot be trusted, how much more necessary it is that every chance of injustice should be re moved from the judgment seat. Jurymen are but men-just as the Salvation lasses are but women ; just, too, as coast pu ard sm c u and policemen are but poor fallible mortal s the same as the rest of us. Let us have a change then, as 1 have suggested-for, really, too much is expeeieil from jurymen now-a days, in this world of sin, sweat, and sorrow. AgHODECS. 