GENERALITIES. THE cowboy's life on the cattle plains must he a very check-heid one. Too much heer may cause you to ail, and too much ale—now don't think it queer— may after a while prove the porter who brings you at last to your bier. SHE THOUGHT THE BLIND WAS DOWN.— "How does the now pastor impress you, Miss Spinster?" "Law sakes, how did you know he impressed mo at all? I didn't suppose anybody saw us." " IF you should allow me 14 dollars per week on which to run the house," she said, as they sat together in the twilight, " and I saved three dollars per week out of that, n hat would you say f" " Say ? Why, I would say you ought to run it on 'leven," he growled as he lighted the gas. " MY DEAR," said a lrightened husband, in the middle of the night, shaking his wife, " where did you put the bottle of strychnine ?" " On the shelf, next to the peppermint." " Oh, Lord !" he groaned ; " I've swallowed it." " Well, for goodness sake," whispered his wife, "keep quiet, or you'll wake the baby." A STRANGER recently stepped into a church in Indianapolis, and after being permitted to stand in the aisle tor some time, was approached by one of the brethren, when he inquired: " What church is this?" " Christ's Church," was the reply. " Is ho in ?" was quietly asked. The hint was taken, and the stranger shown a seat. " You have to work pretty hard, don't you ?" said a good-natured old gentleman to a car-driver. " Well, yes, but I have no cause to complain." " Why not 1" ' Because my boss is so liberal that he gives, me nearly eighteen hours a day to do my work in, while you poor bankers have to crowd your work into about four hours." " How much for candy ?" asked a little boy. '.' Six sticks for 6 cents, eh ? Now, lem'me;see; six sticks for five cents, five for four cents, four for three cents, three for two cents, two for one cent, and one for nothing. I'll take one stick, mister." He got it, but the dealer is still in a state of bewilderment, and can't see how that can be. A WITTI. as well as a soft answer will sometimes turn away wrath. Charles Burleigh, the abolitionist, in the midst of an anti- slavery speech, was struck by a rotten egg fnll in the face. Pausing to wipe away the contents of the missile, he said, calmly; "I have always contended that pro-slavery arguments are very unsound." The crowd roared, and he was no longer molested. • A COUNTRYMAN. in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook, " One lamb 1" " Great Scott I mister," cried the countryman,." I can't oat a hull lamb. Gimme some fried oysters instead." " One fried!" bawled the waiter. "Well, Methuselah's ghost! mister, one fried oyster hain't goin' to be enough. Gimme a dozen of 'em. Sam these city eatin' places 1" BURDETTE says that a man passing the farm on which the Ilev. Joseph Cook is working this summer heard a deep sonorous voice cry out like a call of a prophet, " Abandon tho direct progression to the straight .thitherward, deviate by inclinatury and aberrant dextrogyration into tliedextral incidence." It was Ultimate America saying." gee" to his'oxen. , "I THINK I'm the unluckiesc man in town," said a husband to h<s wife. " Smith has owed me SOdol. for three months, and he promised to pay me to-day." " Didn't he pay ?" she'asked, anxiously. " Tes, he paid, but while he was in the act of giving me the money Brown came in—you know I've owed Brown SOdol. for more than a yeat—and ot .course I had to turn the money over to him. That's what I call hard lnck." HIGHLY-EDUCATED Teuton who knows everything-^" Der fault I hef to find mit der English is dot it has not de perspikooity Jot'der Tcherman has. Now, for example, in der English yon say' science.' Dot conveys no idea: In Tcherman we haf der simple vord ' Wissenschaftlichen,' vich is melodious iind eomprehensif. It is der same mit your papers. You haf JI ' Real, Estate Journal/ Dot is - three words. 1 i In Tcherman we say " Grnndeigenthutnzeitung,' in onei It ' is more flexible. In your theatres you haf a paper called der ' Entr'acte.' We call such a paper ' Theatrezwiscbenaktszeitung.' It iB more beautiful. English is a veak langkwitch; und, pesides, Tchermans speak it unt write it petter as der English." A FUNERAL was passing through the streets of a Scotch town,.when the door of the lest mourning coach was opened and ah elderly man dressed in black entered unbidden. The other occupants stared at the new-comer and at each other. Finally one of them addressed him—"Ye'd bo weel ocquaiut with the gude mon in front V point'.Dg in tho direction of the hearse. "No." "Then its tho auld wife ye ken?" " No." " Are you a friend o' Jock's who's in America ?" " No." " Then what do you mean by comin' in here ?" " Oh, 1 havena been vera weel of late, sac the doctor tellt me to tak' as much carriage exercise as I could. An' this'll just mak' the fourth time I've been tae Whin Cimotery this week." NOT long since a couple of citizens, who are close neighbors, had arranged to pass a few days with thoir families at a lake in Oakland county, America. One of them offered to wager a box of cigars that he would catch the largest fish. The wager was promptly taken, and next day one of the gentlemen put in an appearance at a fish stand in the market and said to a dealer—".Have you got a fresh pickerel weighing about 151b.?" "I have, sir." " Well, I want you to put him on ice and ship him to mo at Lake. I propose to catch him on a hook out there." "Very well, sir. I think Til ship the two together." " Tho two ?" " Yes, sir. Mr. (mentioning tho other citizen) was here an hour ago and bought one weighiug 201b. It will take less ice to pack the two in the same box." The fish were paid for, but the bet was declared off. A SHORT time since a rich planter boarded a steamer off Natchez. He purchased a paper lrom a newsboy, and was soon lost in the perusal. " Colonel," said a bland young man, a few moments after, " you have just dropped this," handing him a 60 dollar note. " I reckon not," said the old gentleman as he overlooked his spectacles. " I just picked it up under your chair," replied the young man, " and see no other way to dispose of it. However, since it seems to belong to neither of us, we might just as well divide it." The plan worked well. The old gentleman passed over 25 dollars in change, and the young man sauntered carelessly out on land. A few minutes after the vessel had taken to water the old gentleman presented the 50-dollar note to the clerk in payment of his fare. " Counterfeit," exclaimed the clerk, and then for the first time the whole truth dawned upon the old man's mind. 