January 8. .PLAIN SPEAKING.. The alarm oroatod in the north of Ireland by the ' possibility of Homo Halo being granted is somothing ..astonishing, and language is openly ribed by tho Orangemen, whioh, had tho Grim os Aot boen still in force, would probably, have landed tho speakers in Eilmainhatn Gaol. Hero ÍB a spooimon-" Major Saunderson, M. P., Bp eating at Lurgan last night, eaid the political situation had now assumed the Bamo form as a hundred yoara ago, and must be met in the same storn way. Thoy must, with arms in their hands, a«k the reason for snob, changos aa Messrs. Parnell and Go. demanded. He pointod out ; tho absoluto necoBsity thoro was for armed observa ! tion. The Ulster Orauge members, ho" declared, would show nn unflinching opposition to Homo Rule or tho transfer of . tho oontrol of tho police." But this is mild" compared with somo of tho Ulster utterances. At a mooting of Orangomen, held in Bel- fast, last night, Mr. Wm. Johnson (another M.P.) : said, And " rather than see a Home Rule Parliament . we will lino with our rifles ovory ditch from the ..Boyne to Belfast." What would bo said if Mr. Davitt hold snob, language ? Altogether, thingB look very black indeed aoross Sb. George's Channel, and 1 you must not bo-astonished if, bofore long, yon hear of Bonjebhing akin to civil war in Ireland. , HOW IRELAND SUPPORTS THE LAUD LEAGUE, . Tho following figures , taken from tho Dublin .' FREEMAN aro instructivo as showing how muoh tho ? *' Laypue" ia indebted to foreign assistance, and how ^ little real intorest tho Irish at homo take in it :-From America, ¿83000 ; from Australia, .£500 ; from Canada, ', ¿852 ; From New Zealand, ¿£50 j from Ireland, £1 12a ? 6d : total, ¿£3603 12s 6d. This sum represents the ' contributions to tho "Parliamentary Fund," for which Mr. Parnell mudo a strong special appeal. The öubscription to the general fund amounted to ¿6233 2s Cd only. THE EASTERN EMBROGLIO. Just as everything wa« looking bright and clear for a settlement-oven though temporary-of this ugly question, suddenly a new factor in the trouble puts in an appearance. Greece has now como for ! ward, and in a note to tho Powers demands an . increase of torritory-at Turkey's expense-as a set off against Bulgarian gains. The raison d'etre ol this Absurd claim it is difficult to understand. It is just as if, after my purso had been abstracted by a pickpocket, tho next passer by should go to a policeman nnd say, " Hero, constable, a fellow has stolen that gentleman's purse j you must please lot me take hi B watch." This is precisely the case. Bulgaria quietly absorbs Roumelia, whereupon Greece \- Bays, " Oh, I must have a slice of Ottoman territory alßo." Of course, Greece ia only a puppet in the hands of Russia; and, having had all hiH tricks trumped, this is tho Czar's last card. It is not likely that Greece will profit by her present move. She has hitherto gainod much by diplomacy and tho> friendly action bf the Great Powers, but thia is testing their good feeling too highly. The poor little conntry has been deluded into arming and mobilising her troops whilst there is barely a drachma in tho treasury, as .if she could have tho ghost of a chanco in a single- handed encounter with Turkey. But Russia well . feuowB that once the "dogs of war" aro lot slip it ' will bo noxt to impossible^ to stay their i oourso : and, her designs, having boon so far thwarted by' tho general desire for peace, she ÍB making a final offort.to stir up strife by prompting the Hellonio . Government to make demands which' can never bo listened to. At the same time tho '. Russian Minister at Constantinople bas managed to ingratiate himself with the Sultan, and his influence , ia paramount. No doubt ho is playing his part well . thora. Montenegro, too, is growing troublesome, and with Servia talking still of war, tho outlook is most gloomy. Evorything points to what I havo always written-that sooner or later a big war for supremacy must tako place betwoon the Powers, who at present , are moving simple puppets. ENGLAND AND BURMAH. Tho conquest of Burmah will not bo - completely effected so easily aa was expootod. and thoro will bo . some hard fighting there yet. '* Dacoitisin" is not the only enemy wo have to contond with ; a Bruce, or protender of the royal family, has set up his ' standard, and is rallying thousands of the hillmen to his side. Tho Shana, tho most pugnacious of Burmeao tribes, have "espoused his cause, and have commenced to show fight. These poor fellows have, of course, no idea of tho real powor of England, and nothing but aotual defeat in battle will convince them of the utter hopelessness of their cause. Still ono cannot help sympathising with those poor devils, who look upon us as usurpers, and are willing to shed . their blood at the shrine of patriotism. ; EGYPT. J General Stephenson's decision to attaok the rebels, instead of waiting, as usual, to be attacked, has had the desired effect, and tho defeated Mahdiats aro in full flight to Dongola. The armed Nile cruiser Lotus " .has captured sovoral." nuggara" laden with arms and "ammunition, which is a great loss to tho'enemy. ' ' Tho Khodivo, with Sir Drummond "Wolff and .Moukhtar Paoha, tho Turkish Commissioner, have commenced their conforence on the state of Egypt. Unfortunately, tho unoortaintyaB to Lord Salisbury's . retention of office prevents tho views of tho English ^Government carrying so much weight as they would woro the Consorvativos likely to remain in powor. ; Eastern politicians aro very astute, and Moukhtar ! Pacha knows very well that if Mr. Gladstone woro to , como into power again to-morrow, ho would probably ignore tho work that the conference may have done. Hence.it is not likely that the deliberations will reBult in anything satisfactory being done. It is not Sir Drummond Wolff's fault that the Egyptian business lins not been settled to tho advan- tage of England. Ho has worked like a tigor; and has well earned the peerago with whioh it is said his labors are to bo rowardod. GERMAN SCHEMING. What a wonderful mail Bismarck is ! Evor seeking tho advancement of Fatherland, he is alway» ready to countenance aud back Up any scheme likely to prove advantageous to Gorman trade. Tho latest movo ÍB that tho representativos of somo important . German finanoial and industrial syndicates aro about to start for China in a fow days. Thoy aro to ne ' jgotiato tho concession of a loan of ¿£35,000,000 for tho Chinese Government, which is tobe issued . in Europe. Tho dologatos represent the groat firm .Krupp, tho Doutscho Bank, and the Borliu Discount Association. The object of tho loan is to provide funds for tho oxt.ûnslon of railways and tolographs, and tho conatvuotion of Chinoso armaments. A largo Englir-h lhmncial firm (presumably Rothschild) will . Undertake tho floating ol' tho greater part of tho loan in England. This grand echóme, to which Prince von Bismarck has promised ovory assistance, will probably bo carried out; and poor old England will find tho monoy whioh will bo spont in Germany ia buying tho rolling stook, iron, and othor matoriala roquired for railways and Balpbúilding, and HO witl the aid of British capital another nail will bo drivel into tho coffin of tho fast dying British trade. ' To ahow the aotivity of Gorman emissaries in al parts of tho world, ono reads, almost overy day o: tho return of some quasi " savant" who bringa with him aomo concession or other from some black poten tato in Africa or elsewhere, to the advantage o¡ Germany,. Meanwhilo England sleeps! Somedaj when sho has recovered from hor present stupor, sho will find, when too late, that she has allowed hei active commercial rival to supplant her in all th« best niarkots of tho world. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. Tho appointment of tho Sailor Prince to the com- mand of the Mediterranean fleet ÍB not very popular in the service. Tho luxury of being attached to hie squadron entails many additional expenses which the majority of naval officers, who, as a rule, aro not rich mon, can ill afford. The offioors of thc various ships aro expected in turn to entertain th« admiral, who seldom returns their hospitality. IE faot, his frugality (or meanness, aa some peoplo oal] it) is proverbial, and stands in bad contrast with his elder brother's liberality. Tho Duke haB not tht knack: of choosing the best men for his staff, and they as a rule aro quito as much disliked as hè is. . By-the-bye, H.R.H. has intimated that in conse- quence of oortain criticisms on his fiddle playing, he has dooidod never again to perform in public, Happy public ! AN INTERESTING PERFORMANCE. Last evening a dramatic performance for the benefit of a church building fund took place at Kilr burn, under the direotion of Mr. Charles Dickons, Tho ; parts were nearly all played by grandchildren of the late Charles Dickons, vie., Miss Mary Dickens (of the PrinoeBs's Theatre, who has adopted tho stage as a' profession), Miss Ethel, and Misa Sydney Dickens, and Mr. C. W. Dickons. The pioce was an adaptation of their illustrious grandfather's "Cricket on tho Hearth." SIR JOnN MCDONALD ON FEDERATION. At a dinner given a few evenings ago to Sir John Macdonald, the Premier of Canada, the guest, allud- ing to the subject of federation, said that he tho- roughly agreed in all that had been said about Im- perial federation. As Canada, Australia, and the other great colonies (tho "auxiliary nations," ho called them) increased in importance the present relations with England, comfortable and pleasant aa they are, could not remain permanently fixed ; they mu«t accept new responsibilities. Speaking for Canada he said that they were prepared to accopt the increased responsibility, and were ready to spend their last dollar and shod their last drop of blood in defenco of tho empire and the flag of tho mother country. Brave words be these, my masters 1 but what will Australia say to this ? Ia she, too, pre- pared for an offensive and defensive alliance with thia effete, played out old land ? I trow not ! The union of May and November is not to her tastes. ; anuary 15th, 1886. The meeÜDg of Parliament on Tuesday last was a very mild "function" indeed, the business being confined to the eleotion of the Speaker and the swearing in of members ; but as the Queen will address her faithful lords and commons personally on tho 21 at instant, we are promised a much more im- posing and picturesque ceremony on that occoaBÎon. ft is expeoted that the scene will bo a very brilliant one. Her Majesty ,BO seldom, deigns to take part in any public ceremonial that thé novelty will be suro to attraot an unusually large assemblage of sightseers. The pageant will bo a very gorgeous one. I don't know how many stato carriages aro to be in- cluded in tho procession, but the Royal stables have not known such a busy time of it for years. Asia usual when a Conservative Government is in office¿ the attendance of peers and peeresses will bo'very largo, and tho capacity of the House of Lords will be taxed to its utmost. MR. BRADLAUGH SWORN. In anticipation of a " Boene," there was a large attendanco of members of the House of Commona on Wednesday, as it was known that Mr. Bradlaugh would present himself to tho clerk and demand to be sworn ; and it was not unnaturally expected that hia ri}>ht to do so would bo challenged. When the Speaker had returned to the chair, after having beon summoned to the House of Peera to learn his Sovereign's approval of his election, Mr. Bradlaugh was seen looking pale and anxious, and ready to spring from his seat on the front bench below tho Oppo&ition; gangway, and rush to the table. First tho Speaker rose, and reminding tho members present of their obligation to tako the oath of alle- giance, proceeded to take tho bathhimBolf and signed tho roll. Tho next business all knew would be to call upon mombera to " Como to the table and bo sworn," and Mr. Bradlaugh appearod to be not tho least eager to obey tho command. But the order came not. for the Speaker, still standing, produced somo doonmonts, and proccodod to read them. They wcro letters addressed to him by the Chancellor of the Exchequor and some loading Conservative members of the House protesting acrainst Mr. Brad- laugh being pormittod to take the oath aa he wan on avowed Atheist, and referring to certain resolutions of the late House of Commons and to tho decision of the Law Courts as to Mr. Bradlaugh'a competency to take an oath. Tho Speaker deolined^to read every portion of these protests, and at. once addressed himBolf to tho point at issue. Ho pointed ont that thoy were a new Parliament, and that they had no- thing to do with any resolutions of the last ono-that " they had lapsed, were void, and of no offoct as re- gards the present caso." "It," ho said, "was tho right, the obligation, of newly-eleoted members to take tho oath prescribed by statute. I have no right, no authority, original or delegated, to interfere bo tween an honorable momber and his right to take tho oath." The statement was oheered again and again by the Liberals, and tho applauso was ronowed when, on Sir Michael Hicks-Beach rising to his feet, tho Speaker declined to allow any resolution or motion on tho subject to bo submitted. Now was Mr. Brad- laugh triumphant-seizing his hat, he mudo a frantio and undignified rush toward tho table, but being hußtled about by others on tho same business bent, he dropped his "beaver" in tho BCUIIIO, and with some difiiculty recovered it, in a mangled condition, .from beneath the feet of tho surging crowd. So groat was the fight to got to tho table that the Sorgcant-at-Atms hn»l ropoatedly to call " Order." Meanwhile, Mr. Bradlaugh having securod a Testament and a form of oath, hustled his way through, and watching Sir Thomas Erskine May, tho clerk, administering the oath to some other members, ho ropoatod tho words and kissed tho book. But this mode of procedure waa not a propor ono, and on his name hoing oalled he had to tako tho oath again. An amusing incident ooourrod at this time. Mr. Milman, tho clerk who lind charge of tho forma of oatli and affirmation, was doling thom out as tlioy woro required, and whon tho burly mcmbor for Northampton carno up ho waB prcsontod by mistake with a copy of tho affirmation. Mr. Bradlaugh, having perused it, looked daggers at poor Milman (who saw at onco that ho had put his foot in it,, and frowning severely he seemed inclined to make j . í.' ' '» ' t a scone, and resent what certainly looked like a prac- tical joke. However, the offending official having apologised for his inadvertence, waH magnanimously forgiven, .. j WHAT WILL THE FREETHINKERS SAT? I Now tho question comes as to what Mr. Brad laugh's socialistic freethinking followers will say to his snoaking abandonment of the great principle for ; which ho and they have been so strenuously con- tending? Will thoy approve of his invocation of tho Deity whom they affeot to ignore ? It was all along conBidored that Mr. Bradlaugh was fighting for tho right to affirm. And did he not ostentatiously declare when first elooted to Parliament that an oath conveying an invocation of the name of God would have no weight with him, as he denied the existence of any such Being ? Had ho then dono as he has done í now, after years of trouble and litigation, all this j bother would have boen avoided. No ono would I have objected to his taking tho oath then. But . he raised the question himself, and maintained his right to affirm, and now be sneaks in j repeats a few words which have no binding effect upon his conscience, kisses a book which ho holds up to contempt and ridicule, and BO abandons all his so-called " principles." BRITISH BAYONETS. Shortly after hiB return from tho unfortunate Nile campaign, Mr. Bennett Burleigh, the accomplished and dashing special correspondent of the DAILY TELE- GRAPH, addressed a letter to that journal, in which ho stated that fully one half of tho bayonets used by our soldiers in Egypt were worthless, and that thoy broke, bent and twisted with tho very least re- sistance. Of course these statements were pooh poohed, and an attompt was mado to blink the sub- ject. However, tho War Dopartmont was at last , forced to take tho matter up, and an inquiry has , taken place, with the result that so far as tho testing ' haa gouo it has been found that 7 per cent, of the j bayonets oporated, ono broke, 20 per cont, were poft, and bent like tin, while a very largo proportion wore dofeotivo. _ Such a state of things is a scandal and a disgrace, and another instance of the wholesale jobbery and robbery that goos on in this incorruptible country. Fancy our poor followa being armed with such weapons aB these being opposed to the Germans or the French in a bayonot charge I A RICH PENSIONER. By the death of Lord Brougham, brother and suc- cessor of the great lord, tho State saves the nice j little Bum of ¿63225 per annum. The de- ceased peer was a Master in Chancery, and 1 on the abolition, of his office in 1852, consequent on » legal changes, he was granted this large pension, so that whilst enjoying his otium cum dignitate he has quietly pooketed the total sum of .£109,650. No wonder we are so heavily taxed, for this gontleman was only one of hundreds who are still hale and hearty. Mr. Bradlaugh has promised to devoto him solf to the subject of State pensions generally,wherein ho will find plenty of occupation for his leiauro mo- menta. A HINT POR THE RIFLE ASSOCIATION. A novel prize has been offered to the winner of a rifle competition in a country district. A local Snblican offers 65 gallona of boer as a prize, on oon iton that the successful shot ehall call at tho publio house every day and consume a pint of it. Mr. Roberta, of tho Crown and Anchor, may take the idea for an advertisement-say a cask of Australian wine, to be consumed on the premises. AUSTRALIANS IN ENGLAND. Wishing to escapo the doprossing atmosphere of , London, I ran down to Torquay for a few days lately, ¡and I almost fancied myself at tho antipodes. Afc . every corner almost I knooked. up against an Aus- tralian. Thoro was-" Prince " Kammorer, once (tho joy and ornament of the Sydney "block," "Tom'' Caddoll, looking, I am Börry to say, very ill indeod, Grafton Ross, late of the Sugar Company, Messrs. Read, Webster, and and a lot of othorB. Coming back I voyaged to Cheltenham, whore I found quite an established Aus- tralian colony. P. H. Osborne, of Lake Goorgo ; his brother, Captain Frank Osborne ; C. Rome, late of Queensland ; George Cheeko, of Sydney, &c.; The aforesaid Captain Osborno ÍB about to' take unto ? himself a spouse, > a charming young lady, whom : Sydnoy Bociety will know anon. I wot of one j lady in Sydney to whom thia nows will not be agreeable, but wild horses won't drag out of mo whether sho be married or Bingle. I really think that bacholors who rocoive all their in como from the colonies Bhould bo heavily taxed for living in England, and any one marrying abroad Bhould bo still moro heavily fined. Why Bhould local ' helles bo discarded for English beauties ? By-the-bye Mr. J. Henniker Heaton has been elected a momber of the Carlton Club WANTED, A CHAMPION. , We may well say that tho days of chivalry have passed, and lament tho decay of the English race, when it has come co this pass, that an injured lady has been compelled to advertise in the MORNÍNG POET for "a gentleman to flog a cowardly acoundrol [ from Regent Circus to the Reform Club. What tho I villain has been doing tho lady doesn't say; but it j mast have boen something vory naughty indeod. 