MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT. On.Friday last the Warragul Amateur Minstrels appeared in the Athenmum-hall, in aid of the Athunmum Library, and, not withstanding the inclemency of the weather, achieved a great success, the hall being well filled by an intelligent and enthusiastic audience. The scenery, which was a striking feature of the evening, was made and designed by Mr. J. Ross (manager), the windows and pictures in the roar of the drop-curtain (a rich cretonne) affording a very pretty drawing-room scene. The programme, which was a long and varied one, was started by the Company siuming the opening chorus-" I'll send you down a letter from de sky," which was received with acclamahtion t the corner rin during the chorus executing a novel d'lAte. The songs of Messrs. Davidson, Lott, Ross and Fowler caused great amusement to the, audience, that of Mr. Fowler (Grandfather's IIen) being intersuersed with original roobter crows. The part songs of the several gentlemen inthchairs were received with encores. The first part concluded by Mr. Gledhill (interlocutor) singing in good voice "The Old Sexton," which, unfortu nately, was cut short by the ghost appear ing. The next item, a song and dance by Mr. C. Lott, proved that gentleman to be an excellent step.dancer. "Open for an Engagement," designated a side-splitting farce, did not belie the title, judging from the convulsed laughter of the audience, which was continual. The acting of the Tragedian (Mr. Gledhill) showed more power than many amateurs attain, whilst that of the Call Boy (Mr. J. Ross) was very good. Mr. E. Fowler (prima donna) almost made one believe that he was a verit able woman, and this character in the above farce will be remembered by those witnessing it as one of the best impersona tions that has been seen in Warragul. A comic long entitled "Dancing Mad." by MIr. Gledhill, was wildly and picturesquely executed, affording excellent amusement to the audience. He seemed to have lost all the bones in his body, and reminded us strongly of the famous dirards. The next item on the programme, "The Warragul Barber," characters by the company, intro duced to us a novelty in the shape of a mongolian. The "National Anthem," was sung by the company, which sent the large and appreciative audience away to their homes very well pleased with their evening's amusement. The, musical ar rangements by tMlessrs. Butterworth and Jackson were all that could be desired. The lighting apparatus, which wasa excellent. was entirely due td Mr. Gfl ittmann, who kindly lenthlis new patent lamps for the occasion. The proceeds of th' evening amounted to nearly £17. 