Movclist. " D O R A B U L B A R . " A N A U S T R A L I A N S T O B Y . CHAPIEB XV.—(Continued.} . "B Y M 0 N Sometimes, ma forgetful frame, we turn to her room as in days of yore, for advice and encouragement, only to be confronted by bar vacant couch. ,- * -And.in the wet cold nights that follow,how hard it seems to shut her out in the rain and darkness, while -we. gather round the hearth, even though we know it as but the shell and the casket lying there—that the pearl, the preoious gem. .it held is safem God'e keeping. . - , CHAPTEE' XVI. ..: it ia little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow fails, " T I am sitting beside the -dining-room fire, listlessly looting into itsdepths, and thinking half-bitterly, half regretfully . of Norton .Fowler's share in my past, thinking what comfort I might have derived from his love daring these dark, dart days, had he. been true to his better nature, when the chief suddenly enterB, hiB face ghastly and horjoretricken, and tosses to Ag, whose presence 3 had bBen almost oblivious of, a telegram form. " Misfortunes never -come singly !" he gtoans, striding out of the. room, vnthout another word ,<ind Bhutting himself wto the den, as a slam o£ the door proclaims.. " What is it, Ag?" I ask apprehensively, noting the sudden awM horror-thai ' dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheeks;What is it?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-frightened by her stony anguish. , Once, twice, she'tries to BpBak.but-in vain. •The third time the -one 'word "Freddie" makes itself heard;" 'Its utterance seems- to break the spell, and -meohanioally she hands me the paper,: hut I turn from it with a ehndder, remembenng the onel-got,at . Bun flyeide. . „ " No, tell me,—is she ill i" I -ory, fearing! 1 know not what. " III?—worse 1" shudders Ag, bowed -and broken-looking. . { .; " VforBe?—not dying 1 oh, aot dying ! It cannot be I" "Bead!." and with the word ehe falls on her knees ieside me, and, .with her arms: around me and her head in my lap,' she breaks into s etorm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjanetion with her terrible news, ^bewilder me totally Desd+ can it Da possible 1—she, ouriright, beautiful, beloved sister—dead I. .'I- : could laugh aloud at the thoughtful my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful Ufa out short 1 that gay, sweet voice Jtiaaned, those-sunny eyes sealed for ever I «nd all her newborn wealth of mother-love and wifely-worship dtad with her 1 .- .0, baby Bruce; poor, little .motherless said I could almost hate you in .the . first heat of our new fire of affliction 1 Is it any wonder that he, your sorely-striken: sire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of four sweet innocent face, knowing that.your birth has cost his darling's life?. - God comfort him, and guide thee, poo;: babe—Bo onconscious of thy loss 1 Foi nearly twenty minute Ag./iChngs,. seeping wildly, to me, deaf to my. soothing^ ctiSb, insensible to all my :•:• careBBefipihen finally she_Browfl oalmJvand 'turnscoin-, totter foi the benefit oHhe rest of Erst .Wing me the substance vofvthe:, telegram. It is Tery brief, simply oonveyjng the 'Sad; i"", and promising partioularshy the- first • i'aken away from the evil to come " "Mrs, Sutherland's words recur to . ns hothi'iand ' tratelnlly we thank 'God that she was spared; ftiacrafhiDg blow. Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs. 'Sutherland arrives, let own grief esaUowedup in the . greatness •.• oiliersjmpathy for us Bat why dwell upon the loug wearyhoura. «!reJ waiting that foUow 1 or -even upon the. wtents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter ?— indeed, are too sacredio he lightly ex.; . W to every eye. Enough that t is too "us,-that dreadful telegram.—that she, the {tier of the family, the pride audjoy of her? tabande heart is truly under he sod— Mien Irom our earthly eyes for ever 8hehad never recoveredAerstangth Jifter.' to baby's birth, seeming at firet todowell, W.giadually, fading away -wa ting io a wleton almost, so thin and weakt int to the; met and unselfish: -tiheermg Aimiisnth '; Mdent assurances of their future meet-. messages she sent as .all, '<bi3ding nfl; filially be good to her "boys/' lor her Bakfc, Ma advising Lex to leave New Steslanelg - yherehe hid neither kith nor -Jun, -tot '*e- «to Mb old home : Bat that neither duty jior inclination snli- '"gticn at present The land that is dearer to him than wemthejang •f WrentB, home, and friends and •for'Aerl «(ine b sake he must not Rightly leagaj ;™Poiit that .meaMS:inaepenaence."«in3?!S.at| . of idleness; lor there lfinopjc S in fi—, nor maoh pro pec| jol-p" m f'Bone Besides, m Jivorlc, 'he 4eBt| :%(his lo b, he telte 11s and-work 4e<roesj ®k4 that he knocks himself Jjunpst; ipranonijcedly. andxhree or four monthsiater finds niinse}t.crdered home on siok tave for Xhres months There I fiud him looking the ghost o£ '"tbaold:*ime Lex, poor fellow 1 when I return for the Christmas vacation, for 1 had insisted on gomgrbaefcto my work at Oamborough; despite tho muto entreaties of Ag's wistful eyes, acdlhe chief's EUggestion'ito'relicqnish^ it. :',..' . There .was nothing for me to do iat home m our diminished household, as I told them, and X must have something to fill my thoughts, and take ins«ut o£ myself. .•: : Reluctantly, : tfhey :&ad;:conEentsd' at 'last to' my continuing it lor another yearjihoping then, I mightTOsign it of jny.own accord. . My Sannysids friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each other in their kindness to me. Kanoo 1 find-quite recovered, and looking health sand -ieanty .personified, i She "has at lengthconsented lo ^iiame J^he jday^.' ^and;. rather to Mr. Alexander'^ disgust,^liasflxe⁢ for: no lesa .distant ^a<date ^hai tine'e i3ay,'tliat ieingalao jfTerji] Slowly the weeks pans dnringTBaioblliours.'alla- fistaaf still Btuctying loi' matnonlation ,in my Ejaaie tim6, fqr. in study now I find . IorgelMness f;i«nI' jcalm. "Twice a weefol^o Into 0— for lessons, and it is on one of these oeoasionB that, on teavmg'my<tntor!s:'jresidenaer.^nd'Calling for letters at the post, I receive .the ...following preci0U3;epi8tle. : Ifa BEiltMlBS DnKBia, Fernlea, Tuesday evening, Jjst-my anxiety to render you the full cx planation that 13 your due plead for. my presumption in thus addressing you; ^anS in justice to yourself do not act upon what will 1 most.jirobably he your firac impulse; and return this unread. Do not think for a moment t mean to male uxcuses for myself, or =try to gloss over my vile conduct. -Jjet that stand in all its black,cowardly .treachery; it will the sooner qnench the last spark of your regard, supposing that even oneTemauasV and to forget me is the wisest thing you caff do now. Aye, forget tue, forget that l : evei entered you life, though, till my dying day, 1 shall cheriBh « fondrememberance of yonr every word and look. Hove you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory .of me, for. remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in dm case, andjou have had ^our. share of sorrow and pain 01 late—may the future recompense yon amply for the past. . . -Sat to :come to:the.pomt^ I deem it tinly. right to tell you that as deeply -as : t loved you tvhenl asked you to become my.wife, I love you etiil, «iore deeply on. the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness; the unattainable becomes, all.deEirable! • Prom the first hour. T met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till, ithe: present moment, my passion has been, a part of my life, and will be till X cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all-my .-bou?jtnd perjnring myself to ®am another's gold. " The love of money is the root 0! all evil," truly, nowadays as of old, and with N. 3?.,. especially; Picturesque poverty I: can form 1H0 conception ox. Penury is my, pet antipathy, andio be hard up with others depending on me— the thought is enough I I should ^leser^ them or commit suicide,., Am I pamhng myself plainly enough? It is not a sweet picture, is it? Uo, the change is not in you, hut in my altered circumstances; .: As the-manager of Fernlea; I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, hut as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospects/ existence on a pound a week, perhaps, tp share. My mamage will be puiely a bargain —the rent-roll of XiiUica for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tells me; ,1 may flatter .myself on the ^possession of the latter wifchont vanity, and for youth—I am only twenty-eight in ^-ears, but thrice " that in worldly-wise foresight,«h? Have I said enough to-mate you Joathe and despise me fiven aa I .despise my^eli ? In one way I hope so, hut despise me/ forget, me if you will, yet pity me a" little, too, for, vitlain'and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to haar. Tied for life to a .woman I So not even profess to love; who bores and irritates me'every hour of thetfay, thrice iier wealth could not reconcile me to any loss of your sweet self. Wjio would envy me? ; PerhEps the—" But hare contempt and disgust get the better of me, and:crunchingihe paper mto i ball, I thrust it into -my pooket -with angry vehemence. .-. ••• MiaerablB.wietch 1" I mutter to myadt, •it woUldserve Jiim nght. to send it to his bride teiectfaB^-hecalls iier.-ibut 'between hex Infatuation and Jus laok o.-i conscience, he d convince faerit was s forgery." " Whaf a the snatter, Bot-? something has upset^your JSerenityi " Nance's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her mother's cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her the'letter with a cart— "J?" "Bad that" Paaded/Jjut obedient, ,sha does,so,-(find J watch her face with jts hghtnmg changes of expression while sheiieads, Surprise, contempt, indignation; disgu i chase esch other aorosa it, and confirm my own opinion. "Well?" I say ehatply, as ehe «ilentiy. hands it back. " Don't sp°ak of him, Dot, lie's teneath your notice," phe sdvises gently, then, curiosity provmg stronger than jier -resolve,: " When did he propose, dear?" _ •iThe day_teJiove m Jlojmfr Sis cart." - , "Andyou-" , V- " Said*yesA«Iter^ week's consideration. But enough oi i»m Nance. I wiahths widow joy of ler bargain." "You are weU ria ol bim, Sear; don't 1 regret him." > I don't now. That letter cured Jne," 1 laugh, bitterly. - j 'Wheti "doBs' the-^eaaing taie.^lace,? JIanoeJ" " N xtrThursday, I heard yesterday." "InC--?" ' 1 See, at the English church 1 ' ' Thursday—that js/rfejda^is it .not? ' _ "Tes, or to quote the C— New , our 'Annual Athletic -Sports ' And a school holiday! 3Jance, I must get »a ior it 5 The/cie? No the wedding ' J> I So yon mean to make a^de^th fl head of iheicastV' lineanto make Norton Towler sea my mama 1 over i '4b on tilease ma )chere ©ie hnrcli 1 will be cto wded,X 'ihink, "for it«to he a grand affair a dres ^oes -though only intimate-i nvited He^wanfed^ private wedding, Mm? S|ynDr4old me Myehe insisted cn asking tLer-imndrea J anuynB rt oular fcen^Sj nd4itoi jnarnedijmJJie church' „ > Wiee woman «ter ^ajvigm mudh4or; Sum why ahouldi3*t She -exhibit-him-j' ^ '"•"^a wtt/eSB^ne. ^ i ' •G^oii^ftlnilsriopk onatt' TVailmidsee-ithinL p' : : I late," she 'says, as the bug'y comes round to the gate. "All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs Arcroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good bye to Mrs Stair. "in time for what, (Doi»' a ks Mr? Arcroft, a we boalilong. " Mr Towlers wedding on Thursday." "On, you heard of it, th»n?' curl ou=ly. "Yes, and I want you to drive me in to see it," I say, -coaxingly. «' G Id won the day liternH, D t?" ehe ventures, 111 half-tender,''lialf-sarcastic Aones, "1: hope'he amy be:as happy as.'Ke deserves; It's la pity for I116 saVe," you iiada't a ' 3>11 ca' to take him to.' "And. a; blessing for mine," I laiSgh.-. i" That Sounds like sour grapes, eh ? :hut it's not. Like'Iiidy Clare,' I Want to he loyec •for 'my own true worth.' " "J.'m glad to hear it, "Dot," ate says •eamestlfj :?'J ! iBhbnld:iievflriiorgiyejnyself 2 I thought that by maldng hiai_so welcome alwaya^i bad-helped liim to deceive j o at !«. -tiiat, idcar 10ra.-ji-n.joi.,. •was ^deceived! miim lor-o-itimeiri candidly confess but my -eyea -are -open now, and I resign him to the widow without £ regret M 1 1 That's good newB tome, and in gratitude for it. i promiBB ito drive you rin ito see the knot tied, if all's well.' •>:•• She.is;as good as -her word, and Thursday morning-finds ns, 'on 5 the - stroke- ot-eleven, Bimmerisig'in-the crowded churcli,-waiting for the wedding-patty. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the 'Carriages dash;up ^0 the church;* and ?a moment later the bride 'enters .:on iher .brother's arm, his face -expressing the dis- -apBrohatioaheleels. Sheisfearfullyand wonderfuffy resplendent in ruhy brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial • "figure ewiih a •: tightness BUgges'tiva of an explosion;, with a blaze of -diamonds at her tliroat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her iridegrom advances, .and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessedj' he goes through his share of the solemn service with outward indifier ence. "Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I recall his written ones— " Tied for life to a -woman X do not even profess to love," and I wonder if he remembers them too The ceremony ever, he makes no -effort to foil the "best manV determination to obtam the first.kiss, but ^coolly drawing lis-wife's arin through his, leads her. to.the vestry >5 : ;Then the crowd slowly files,out so slowly that, Saiicaand I are only emerging from our pew as ithe bridal party re-appear, and mj funereal figure in it;s deep mourning is the first thingthey see. That he sees it the darkrei flush that dyes his face declares,, and-his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. j-After the breakfast-the M happy, pajr..' Etart for Sydney,-where they spen&thelioneymoon.; And thus ends that chapter of my life. CHAPTEE XVII. . Christmas Ere. beholds my return to S— for.three weoks. >: Y10, a tall, slender, gentlemanly- youth of sixteen now, is on the station • to meet mo, and Ag'a sweet- face gleams .radiantly from the cab he leads me " I couldn'^ come any further, dear," he says, softly, jglanemgdown at a Email; chubby figure jn her arms—a hright, bonny bit of humanity,; whose big Jblue eyes and aoariT curls proclaim him Freddie'n son "Bruce? Ag! ^ive him to me,"- I--cryj hastily, returnmg -her fan as> I-hend to take him. "Isn't Jie like her, Ag?" I murmur, alternately; Mssmg liim and staring >him out of countenance, - " What' a splendid little fellow J Is/he as good: as this always ?"• > ; f" A question Master-Bruce answers himstlfby setting up a InatyToar, and' shrmiinn shyly from my strange *ace. ' ..'••« Oh, hush 1 Here takevhim, Ag, 1 . 1 - bnnai' Iing him iDto her - arme in flismEy) ' " etOf him if you can " That. she" does speedily, the -mite *Beeia' ! already to inow and love her, then eh applies - herself, to answering my many questions till we reach home "Home! - It scaroely. seems - that - With out -the all-pteyadmg aufluence ,of .our i sweet 5 invalid mother. And the worn, altered fan; of Jjex at tho drawing-room window adds lo' its jstrangeness;-;aB, with^droqjnng frame and ifeeblo.step he comes: to meet' us,>1 recall tot.: fte oontrast moves me toteaip. > Dora t'l he flaya, with forcedtiheerfulness;" "Is it eally you?—really -the hitle pal:'! student of two years ago ? .-®ime "hps been: a.generous Mendtoyoufas;faras'beauty-«iKi' bloom are concerned, mx chtrc," "Ay, butiiow bliterly, hojv hardlyJhss' same foe haddealt with me ^n the jnaitcf of my dear ones 1"1 remind myself, return - lii^iliasalutatioEj^nd »f the thought mylip quiver painfully Jorbiddmg peech. g- Aitogether it is -a «ad home-ooming, and 4Sle sdaysithatjollow are'dreary-and'Joyless— lull of memories ol the missing feces tha r leave such-gaps in-onr cirdje. Lex-we ee little ol, but baby Brace almos' lives •witK 06—Ag and le being inseparable, liveswiJhus:entaely;indeed,for afortnight of my visit, "owing to,-a Budden. relapse that : fflmoBt leaves Jbim -A oubly-oqphaned " The chief-takes ji wonderful lanoy jfco the; littleeprite,and Spends minutes it,a"iime. playing sad Romping wittiiamjiBlam ^spre •hB, BBver did with ua, ^nd Ag an? 'po -net : with each other ih fceifeffoirtsitb^pojl Mm, and Ijnust pjead^mlty^a*' aiSmg'jhe'm. »: iJteeventfuUy^ilwhaayi jiass^nda ijveeli? after New lear-i eetcnt on jny letaxp to'CamborpBghjBcoompamedby^iCjWhose dehght-at 4he prospect of ;a monihVi hunting,': etc, at Sunnyside, is boundless. Mrs. ArcroftSi^l i great -to his frank, laughing-face in my album, and enjoyed my stones of hiB quips and pranks go much, -that I hiad strict orders to 'bring him back with me'at oiflyta a month. 1 The. chief had iieBitated a littleiefore-'conBenting,: plnnging.jJoor^iointdnnfathomableiliBpairand transportirig him thence to the aeventn:: heavenof delight.ijy.finally.grantmghim.a months holiday, At our journej^ end, we £nd Mr Atcroft und ins better ialf with th§ drag waiting i us -and after hearty welcome I^Jjundle in : ft the back dfjth-the latter, -while Tic finds i himself in his element, perched ir -Mr ; croft a side Jfehind^jsche and Hebp AndhoW jia i.janoe? is my first ques 1 — iJ Well," laughsier lster "'m health, but who -can •minister fo a mind diseased? Nance is a Victim &e; f jjreen s^ed mqnsler' Nonsense J * " It s the truth,iDot. 1 ' " Stable hut J-dinna4hink<^oJ''" 1 -quote rnerril ' Whp.sisAe^ S f ThaVs^the lest St ai- atljsn'J /T*U at Who hen?' + "Mr JJangdonsiwSttyTja gflon 4 Whois%i£ » iamiJiBr-fnend.' is he not.?-7-his , voluminous; Queensland correspondent f '' L Tee,butheisbaotlorgood,BndGilbert, . in his ^delight,neglected Slanoe -f or4wo .whole; hours, and ao won Watty a place in her black books " f 4 :: .--"Jftit-iie—she's too.-sensiblejandansdfish forifcat What is Mr. iangdon Jike J" •-• Tall and flark. ratiier inelanciioly-loolcfag, ;:. He -has the finest dark cy.cs 3 ever saw, and 'the sweetest smile—it-quite alters lus expression,;-whichusually : grave, .-to forbiddingness " . " I like the description. When shall I see Jnm " Thisday week. We are going to have a ia garoo hunt -at Mt. Xrevan >nd he's coming." ^ 'Next Saturday! Won't VIo be de girted 3 ' ; "No -dcubt—we got it-up in his honor, and jhe's to rjde Isez. Do you think lie can manage her!" ' Oh, J think m ; hut,"Mrs. Arcroft, isn't it too soon—" lamderstand you;:-deaT/.'.she says, gently as I JaliBMMia finally- break down, hut IS Jbinkjaot. There's ^only Mr. Xiangdon you and I party, Tic musn$ go home without^eeuig a little hfein-the West. During the following week, Via is the constant companion ,ofiMr.:< Arcroft .and. Nance ; in their dully tide , striking -up a .friendship -Witht'neJatter, tnat.eaoh -day- cementB more firmly. 'ihBeserciBB agrees sfith him, and : improves his-.appearance -^wonderfully^trans-, formiBgrhim into-.as-JS positively handsome j yonth/' as i condescendjngly. jnform hiinj my lewarc-ior, the mlormation being a filhp m the ear. and fi brotherly injncction. to -be "civil to my £upenoTB " The fateful ,-Saturday dawns. at length, ^ bright, and ^breezy,:-and; -afler an early | •breakfast,. we set off for.Mt. Trewan, Nance, m her bluehabit and shadyhat, look- rng grsce ard fcappmess.persomfied, ridesioff with .Gilbert, closely.folio wed by Mx.Iiangdon, his fcost and Vie, after: whom come the boundary riders: and ;cU--the station dogs,; Mrs. Arcroft and Ihringing up the rear with" a buggy load of ;good. things in the eatable line. The-onve is a dehcioue one, up hill: and down dale, along soft sandy roads, that wind, white and cooli through dusty:wattle .groves,. «nd,across broad brown lieaths, then throngh ; a great fem-carpeted forest -of etnngy-fcark, till finally we emerge at the foot . of steep, . bald Mt. Trewan. Beside a splendid spring; -at its foot we picnic for an hour- or so, discoEsmg cold chicken. and cream cakes, . and Christmas festivities, and. kangaroo hunta alternately. Then the-shunters ride off, leaving Mrs "Arcroft and me to repack the :bampers, after which, we jiile- the buggy rug andcnshions on the ground, and lazdy lounge and talk; tho time away, with, for variety's sake, B httle reading from "Bomola " .:" Not,io read, -aud reaamg not to-appreci-' ate' Bomola/ means a deficiency, in one's moral - nature,''«a gentleman visiior had averred- a ; week before,: and .Nance had straightway -obtained a-copy,:read is,,..andraved over it Eince, proof-positive of tio' -lack, m her moral nature " Bhe gravely asr sured us,. though .1 warrant -she : ,gkipj>ed> pages , .It .ag. latein the afternoon when the hunters: leturn, tired, but well pleased with their sport, Vic especially elated,: having, been complimented by -the xest. on Jus fearless riding. "What do you think of the country, Vic ?' asks Mrs Arcoft . 1 never eaw anything hke it, it's ' wild Australia' withs vengeance,*' Bays Vic; " It reminds me of Gordon s ride after the hushrangers " . "Spare us, Vic!" I ory,-fingers in- ears,: " we ail know.what you mean, lt'g eomethmg about—" Hard behind: them throngh -the timber,- harder Etili serosa Ihe heath, '-'<Si^>t3iieibind%fiiein,'<lbxon^'Ae tea-iree scrub wexiaabed, And, theigoldsnftihted femleavea, how: they rustled underneath, ; 1 i-And:: the^ honeysncHe ; osiers,: how they, crashed 1 " Stop him, some one, please." r "Not need",,.he answersv'IngtibrionEly, "f Hearmg- Gordon murdered ;in that fashion; ha subdued me 5 "Tnafs.a lap-for yourreoiting powerai--- langha Nance, who shares his mama for OordoS. •" A well merited one," gravely asserts Gilbert, while Mr. Langdon puts In— ; . "Mies Dnfihar, have yoo '.the -courage to condemniGordon in present CDmpanyt CDon't . you know we_ Western district folks take a particular -priae in him, -and are all hia. ardent admirers I 1 ' ': *' rinow, tiut,'JMt. Iiangdon, let jue^narter yon /or a-month with one of his devotees— Vie, for example—wbo iB raving about ' The Wreeli 1 etc;; from';:dawii lo . dark, "and>*f 11 warrant 'you'11 wish-' Gordon -had cUed young " •;•( Come;; Doll; < in ;your -might remember mercy,'" cries Vic. "Can't you turn the tables on her, Vic?'; laughs Gilbert. " Tell he whose po- ms she pesters you with?" "Don't know his name," says Vic, his eyes sparkling "wickedly, "hut I remember a verse cr,,two she made our lives miserable ith," and assummg a sentimental air he drawls— You may forget the woman, I may forget the man, But the, perfume of the lilies „ , Eo-get it if yojLfCan. ^ A shout oSaughteriewafds Jus mMcry. 'Go on, Vic gi^eJtB-gpme more,'^nfes, Kance; "it isUiitnen unilir jictv circum-= stances iOwW ~ \Vhal is 'the name of that t Jsiece?"' • "' . ' , hers makes me Uriah I Was afflicted -with deal • Bess,though its such% happy Mendmg-ofthe earth-earthy with the celestial, that I^uppose v I should Sdmire it. It inns— Sou require that your mutton should always be hot, • " Thatjoui socks ,Sand your shirts should he, •Tvhole, , - - . I require that your jieart should Jbe Jrue as ,Go<Be starg, And pure SB His^ieavenyoM soul." ^, * Mutton alidheavenj hnmphi" comments : •Mr Langdon "whimsically surveying my t 'Bcailet iheeks * lOTUst«ay I m with Vic on ^Gordon iwde Miss Dunbar ^ ' And -II %fidS1 langlSngly chorus 4he fcome jrood jeojVs srieB Slcrolt aromthe'lmggy/ ^^jratitto^crurt the anner man before ye start «orhome4 iurrj jip Shere^s^no lime ^to Vafete 31 { ScrambhngSip we make onrwaytohe^, Jiastay ^natch a montbfcil jas to Arcroft jthe ^neal-we .make Shen-the Hi hei are tad ed iK pom™ harne- td.-and iipi hunter hor <-s led round. ">}&XB; ^n^ready Haflh^-? cms Mr f liScrolt, JooWnr, -on. ;witn «n mMf^hce, -hom^l Jboa^l Sen !ten jesM aeus ^snatnmony a ^ o n y ^t filibeg ^ fp kiijg herjnto tho J)U| g>. . •"dnonc nomcntj" the latter nju<-B —isance and I'll bco ihe ladies t fll* «r"ht ^omeJonJjBnKPonJ'Oome \- Eaaily we bowl along through the timber chatting idly over the doings of the day, and blissfully ignorant of the tragedy so soon to take place. Tnesunisiowin the we a wsamerg- ;hromvthe tunber on to.theheath, and.sniumg into our eye dazzles them -so that we are glad to regain iheuhelter, or shade rather of :;the trees, oniheiarisidesoi the heath: -Mamlywc pursna - ont way, 1 winding in and-out among the tall "Bons'of the forest,'' bordering it, till we come suddenly on-a littU group blocking the road—a' "group we had not notioed fiooner,so ahsorbed-had we been lastceringolear of-the-' many-trees on each Jiide. ; Full length -serosa the track hes : Gilbert; motionless, his liead-^pilIowed : On sNance'a hreast, while she staves to stanch the 'blood, staining with its red stream the-dear fece-alreaayset'inthe pallorof death: •"-Good Ood1" cried Mrs, Arcroft, throwing Jiicthe reins and-Bpnnging.aown:T:o them, "Vfhat ia wiong, Nance"?' , -Nance—is it Nance's ,face-thai confronts #sat^ier,yoice,thatiinhardjiinonotouons tones ^^fS^llIS boIfetUlEBTom jukj "Great Heavens fis-he^nuchhiart Hance? ''Hurt? -Ko—he doesn'tsuBet—killedotf the spot," she -said, in ihe same -strange meohauioal way, bru hing hsckrwith her blood-' slamed hands, his think •curls. " Dot, Dot.-It ha- jturned her hram 1 "Whab ; are we to do?" wails Mrs. Arorof*, wringing her hands In agony, as she turns to ms sit? tmg sick with-horror behind the ponies. " We must get help," X return inanely. ,: "' yeB.hutiiow ? .: I daren't, leave herj -ani you can't drive." "No, but lean n de," pointing to Nance's' horse-near hy—s horse that,-under lesB desperate circumstances, nothing would tempt me to mount. "Will the pomes jstand?" think so, ;I don't inow^never-mmd them. Oh, be quick'" . .,:-.<\--: i.j With trembling haste she assists me to mount.vand hnrriesime>off,;tying fthe pouie 1 ! loosely -to a -tree, then flying to Nance, to ministerito her.for -even l can'see Gilbert iis' pat aid. With paipitatmg heart I tear on, along the bush track and out again on to the heath, across-which I strain my eyes in search of aid—m vam. Vet 330I spproaohini? swiftly ls-aiiuggy and ipairr-with'iwQ men in it. The relief,is soigreat that <1, burst .luto-tears'that blind-, my.identity, of both; till, Mr.-Cottdn's well-known voice c-jaculatee; ('.Miss Dunbar 1 haB anything hapnenefi?' A Shaping.io ithe, ground, clinging to the saddle for support,,I.sobbingly<explam.,,:.-... ;:''Gilbert thrown—hurt—killsd von tiimb.1 Gooa Godl Bilton, you're <just .the man that's wauted here;" cries the owner -of that welcome voice; turning to his companion, a young doctor jwhoaasiBitmg C—,.•>•--: ;- i ".yes;"' he-says.'scool rand: Belf-possessedi- "Is it straight^ahead on this -road; the :aecident happened; young ladyjl" " Ves," ib all I can niter. "Then jump up here-r-yoa. are.two unnerved to ride .that brute. I1et .1t go, it'll make it 3 way home and give the alarm'' Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr. Cotton take my place between them Then as WB dash forward, he explains their opportune appearance on the soene ; ".Weidrove down to Sunnyside after lunch, and, learning you were at the Mount, deter-, mined- to jom-you -there, instead -of^waiting: your return." " Did you meet Mc. Arcroft?' "Ves; he said that we'd find-you a httle furtherwn-with Gilbert—poor fellow 1" ' lae name recalls the awful scene; and again I give way, hurrying my face m my, hands;' and 'shuddering violently. A few nunutes morehriugs us to our journey's end. • Nance's sawful composure has given way-at" last, and she hes^ftle rand .death-like , la.her Bistei'^arms. One glance at Gilbert's stiffening: form ib: enough ior; thedootor;. though, he^makes-a show of seeking for the/'.vital spark";:: . "-Killed- instantaneously,",; is-his verdict, and is turns his attention to Nance, over whom he is bending gravely, when st a hreakneck gallop, Mr. Arcroft andTVatty Langdon join us •Whet ;is at ?"j..crieB,the -former, in his, fassy,-kiiidlyway,.''iiaH—",^Fhe words, die 011 his lips, as he eBpics ihe still figure with a handkerchief thrown-over itsiace,.and with: a shuddering groan:he turnfl,-away, while; Mr- 'Iiangdon'throwmg himself on his knees! beside it, weeps for a moment or iwo like a woman. " How did it happenj'. 1 , . RBka lir.: Arcroft a hushed tone, "but that none' of cs know i'-' Sou must -wait for ,particulars .till this young lady as herself again,"rEaya.the doctor, adding with grim significance, " and that won'tlie'for some itiine. : , Now,',':faB:£aBS on briskly, *'-we must get her home at once. How are we to do it?".cutting short all enquiries. .. "Inthebuggy;I suppose,";answers Mrs,: Atcroft,-who, pale wid trembling Jill with' horror, is jet the only one self possessed enough to Suggest anything. "In cure, then—it will hold three most comfortably," motioning Mr. Cotton to help him to lift her into it. "Now,-Mrs. Arcroft, you get in; too, and I'll' drive "you—s I can do; no more for,-poor. Alexander; and this young lady-wants immediate attention.?'^i'7. And-what of—> How man we get--Gilbert home*?" .she asks.falteringly. "The "waggonette wll he "here soon,' answers her husband huskily Wildfire; tore pastas'at -the black-gate, splashed-with ®ooa,-andgaveme-a hintsto-prepare-lorthe worBt.EoIsentV^oon^o'iteli'fcem tobring; it4o meet -us. -if it waatf irneeded, then -all the better, 1 thoughi—there'd he no harm, J done," " \- •>• "XJome," criesJ)r. Bilton, "-every moment "s precious " '- "And'Dot5" asks Mrs. Arcroit, "howis ihe to come?" ? "One ^118 will drive her," Answers Mr, Arcroft, "here, Cotton, will you, as ihe wife's taken your .seat. 11 ^ " W th pleasure,' and in another minute we-are^S^iu^the wake of ithe first buggy leaving the other two to guaid the dead. j?'How came 'Wildfire-to holt, I wonderi" I'-find voice to say at last. " £ -can A*-imagine took fright in some' way lsuppose.. Hewas/always a'-netTOUB, ariitable -braie ^Gilbert jjfas often^warned: nboUt 3um. J?oor ifellow I'srhat ans^awful smash!' ^ He was killed.at onoe, you think?'' •;Sfnst^iav#ivbeen.-^brams,jdashed.ont; i-a terxible-shook for poor~M b Stair 1 1«B ^heseeme'dqaitedflzeaiit ^rst ^ Iiowoiidtr. It was enough to turn her brain 1 ihey were to be m<tiru.d in les. than » month, too." ' ¥es i. reply and recalling all poor Ranee's $jretty preparations ior the event, £iei man\ little plans and happy anticipations :connected'^herewithi->I.;huist:iin^$»teaxs.«^un,; fletpite my -efforts at self control and sob convulsively "till Ve get to Kirmj c ide. CJIA1IJ- i. till. It is thc-dav of the funeral. Tnpjnquiry le'over—ad]OBrned -iill Kance is able to give 'her-evidence When thattwiUhe if ver,tit js hardfo'say, Jdr-?he%e it JettthTsfloor, tho shock haviug nfiectf d her tram. . jDMketithrt holds the remains of him who had' proved himself a true friend-to many, a faithful lover to one, : and ; aii upright gectleman to all. " Happy • is the corpse that the ram falls on;'? irepeat to mysell, as. jnst aa the monmmg \- coach passes, a - heavy sho wer' Begins rendering .almost invisible the Bad faoa of Watty Xiangdon gazing ont, and soon hiding the cortfpe from mv'view altogether. "Godrescthee/ Gilbertl i-hino was anearly end," I say softly, tnrmng from tho window -to encounter-Mrs. Arcroft. who; worn with grief and watching, had entered -unheard, and caught my words. , " Aye,Dot" she rejoins, " but now, as of old,'-whom the gods love die young,''' . CHAPTEE XIX. Eighteen months later* just two years -after Freddie's death, I am sitting one wet, Tnindy Saturday afternoon over the parlor fite-at ^Sunnyside—for I am still .teaching at Gamborongh; having saccseded, by dint ol (arguments and:entreaties, m gaining 0 feeble as38ct'tomy:domg:sofroni'thelioine folks— aeadmgimy 'share ot thecontents of .the mail: Opposite sits Nance, pot tEe^gay, smitog'. . saucy .girl of old, hut a pale, grave, . Bad-eyed woman in deep mourning, lovelier and more ioveahle than :ever in my opinion—reminding me strongly of Ag, our "Home Ssht shine,as mamma loved to call her, in her sweet, steadfast self denial . •' That's a big budget, Dot," she says, smilingly, pointing to a bulky epistle in my lap "Yes, one oi Ag's newspapers,"I laugh, tearing, itopen..." She sends me fifteen pages' sometimes, and not five lines of news m it all. Afraid I may feel lonely perhaps." > " And that's her, thanks—a caustic criti-. ciBm." •:.: :-.-• • Silence, I am deep in Ag's didactic para- graphs. No newB.in her letters, did Isay ? Weij there lfl, a piece m this that .makes up lor all jiast,deficiencies.. It . f' brmgB me up standing," as Vic would say, m a moment, and not iall l read it twice do I take it in. " Vthist is it, dear, not bad news, I hope? 1 ' siys Aance, gently. but I only shake mv head,. end, gathering un my letters, rush off to my. room. , 3.seyiv I read it again and again, and ask mjBelf fifsy umes over,can it oe true? , Thui - runs tho extract that bewilders me— i'.-Ani aov, dear Dora, I have somethiug; t- tell you that I am sure will surprise, vbut I hops not displease you, though, knowing your views on such -matters, I feel very unoertain<about>it, and shall eagerly await your reply, trusimg it may be favorable. •: •- At least, I know you will not judge me hastily,',but, patiently hear me through, and generously take into consideration the fact (so jealously guarded till now) that I loved him long before his-engagement to Freddie. There, the secret la out, and, ia indignation, lean see your astonished face. VeB,;dear siBter, to briefly state what, doubtless, you^abeady guess, Iiex has, asked me .to marry him, and I Jiave said " Xes." It was only last night he spoke, bo I am losing - no time in letting you know, for Oh, dear Dora, I long for your sympathy, and dread that your<oldj strong antipathyto a man's marry-, ing his-deceased wife's sister may deprive me;: .of it,-ahd without .it'I shall be miserable. Iiot me:combat, one by one, your chief objections—Isfancy;! know them. First, with your strong affection for poor Freddie and, prejudice against isuoh. marriages, it may -seem to you that I ;am.selfishly supDlanting her in Lez'silove. That, dearest, I can never do,-Ehe will always hold thefirst, best place m his -heart; basidesj I am>sure she loved him too well'for her-to have wished him to lead (out; of devotion to her memory) the wretched homeless—for, in ihe truest, sweetest 'BeuBe of the word,'homeIeB3"he : has been the last two years—life he has heenieadmg. It's un- naturalj-and,' granting that if a man marries again, who can so weU* supply their dear mother's place to his ohildrenj-as thatmother'e siBter ? Remember how dear via were to each other, -Dora; how inseparable always, and you cannot ,for a moment think that I would deliberately-act a-treacherous or unsistsrly part towards her, especially -seeing that :in : death she is-dearer even to us all than; ever. Ah nol my dear sister, I am sure there is-no one she j would- choose before me to fill her placein the hves of her dear ones. '. Now, to come to your second objeotion— the nearness of the relationship already existing;- bat; Boll,- dear, it as only relationship" by marriage,; and therefore; far less obj eo tionable than the. tie between first .and second" cousins,-acdhow-manyof them marry? Buf, already, I have trespassed on your patience too far, so must deal with mmor objeetions again.- How long have. 1 known" of lisx's intentions ? you will ask. -Not till last night; Hovedhim long-ago,asl toldyou," but, on Freddie's becoming his wife, looked; onmy lova as a siu, and buried it deep in my •3ieart, €attermg myself that I had -stifled it; hutMs-first-words undeceived me. - I love him as deeply and truly as ever, and oh I I cannot consider my,love,a.erima or a sin. Would God have gifted me with-suoh a capacity for loving unalterably if. it were ? I was -as surprised as you-can be, when Lsx spose, and cannot yet imagme why he made me his choice, unless, perhaps,little Bruoe's affection for me:suggested it ; 'the httle ieilow iB: very fond of mo, and I of him, as you know; God help me lo do him justice? •Mr.-flnd Mrs.3 — both seem pleased-with: •the ridea . of . my. -becoming - tiieir-. Becond daughter. : ' Papa commende it,, ands Vic is dehjghted,.so ideari Dora, only vvour opproba;. itioniiB^wgnted to-fiU- mycupiif happinessto;: -the brim. Let me hear it, sister, if youcon B&entiouely; c%n. I covet your loving sympathy^ ^ Hoping to heat from you Boon, with fondestlo^e-anashestswisheiir-your.BnxioussiBteri; Ao. P.S, ITo 11 outsiders" know of our engagement yet—no one I mean out of ouriwo families, nor will they till I win you over to my side —supp osing von will not enhst on it! at once, but that I hope and pray you will A. Laying my head on the letter at last, after puzzling oyer it vamly till i am tired. I burst into bitter'nnreasobable tears; ;' Vet are they so unreasonable? To me 'such marriages have always seemed so objectionable, that is -it any^wonder I cannot - reconcile myself to _ MSintly-the idoorr-opens.and Nance aoftlv; •.enierBffShppmgier^rmwonndaneshesvhiB-'i ^ers ; ' iSharmg s trouble wth « tru° friend | lightens it of half its load Dot Jj°t me help j ou tohear^ms jdear * Sead that then ^ pointing out the £>ara graph * ' ^ypll ifhat is your opinion? Task ashe concludes That Dora Dunbar is 4he greatest httle' goose^%ver^ameacro8Bi^ahe£miles.^-:.Wh^r: «ie you «rievmg-over this? < There is something -so repugnant about -"Andhecause of your foolish piejadice ' -die interrupts} " 1 4h*ea^liveB<YmaBt be made miserable-^A^condemnedto«rmiserable- old maldeniiDod-^for shell neyfir.marry^anjong el a—Lex doomed to^ead his<preEent lo^elv iovfilfesB4ife)-ana;iiooraitHeiBrno6*depriyea-of. the hest substitute fojr hia^nother^ loyejie •couldfcayc's 1 ^ ^ 'But me 110 but ."' she quote°. haillaughingly, liali , HeiioUB, 7 '"I%eeoni all Ag ^aya,Ti«d -BhaH ihBist >m your=sah'aing heil ihe ty next hat,"still hoaitatingS" ? " l can'.t, helo ,itl fancy marrying one's brotuer-m-law." ; "Id Booner do that .tunn msrry my cousm," declares .fence, •" Besides, she-loved him bsfcic he became that.. 'He is the one • • , man in the woria- for her—her fate—her second ed!, or missing naif,-and you, must, not come between them. Sue deserves every happiness forher .brave self-denial. Think howhara it musS have been for her to hide her.psm; for ehemust have suffered keenly,. daring the days previous -to his marrying Freddie. Did you never suspset ?" : " Isever-; -though, after tney left us, I found her. crymg bitterly, but I thought it was over; lo sing Freadie. , They .were so dear to each.- : other always." .-'.-• • .• • . . ... "All tae more in favor of her marrying. Lex. Freddie would sooner that than a stranger, and by-aud-by, Dof,,ifc> would most likely eome. to that, for the majority of widowed ones re-marry sooner 01 later," she asserts, sagely. Some, aa a sort of comphment to No. 1, a tribute to the memory of their past.happy matrimonial essay ; others :. to make up for not looking before leapmg, hoping to do better the ssoond time.''. :" I enoaldn'c hsa Lex to marry a . Stranger; for Bruce's sake," I admit, reluctantly "«0j:pte0nrse not, -JNov/Beciu, uaawrfto to Ag,"iBettling-imy writing-feble" before-the fire;" sad give her my fondest love, and very best wishes," .'vanishing.- ^-Mind, Dot," re- 1 appearing for a moment, " a nice,long, lovmg, sympathetic letter." : :-;- . . And I. meekly obey, as far as possible, her . orders, reaping my reward m a sense of contentment that:poB8esses me aa I proceed. • •;• Any admission? ' cries Nance, an hour or mora later,-,-peeping in. *'"?53. Tell me, will thiB do ?" handing her ray letter. ; - - " First-rate, your bark's worse than your bits, .Dot ? Now put on your best bib and tucker.-, Goess why?" - -. . ... -. . - .. • -:.:. • " No good at conundrnme," evasively. ! - 3Sor anythmg else ;" witha gleam of her old-gaiety. •'W-.ll,' Job's' here." . • "Who's 'Job'?" .-. " .Kr, Cotton. Is it a good name for him ? his patience is pathetic. Perhaps ' Jacob' would be better ? Wasn't it ' Jacob'served seven years for Saohel? my memory Is defective." ''.Wnere does the oonneetiogeome in ?" "Bah! you deserve—but I'm wasting , breath. Are you going to beautify ?" \- " Eor. Mr. Cotton's benefit—no,'' iudiffer- : ently, oonsciouBthat the dark blue dress I am weanng becomes .meadmirably. lo bt cordmueil. - .-. ' -. -. 