Sayings, and Who First Said Them. MANY of our common sayings, so trite and pithy, are used without the least idea from whose pen or mouth they first originated. Probably the words of Shakespeare furnish us with more of those familiar maxims than any other writer, for to him we owe, 1 ' All is not gold that glitters," "Make a virtue of necessity," "Screw your courage to the sticking place " (not point), " They laugh that win," "This is the short and long of it," " Com- parisons are odious," "As merry as the day is long," " A Daniel come to judgment," " Frailty, thy name is woman," and a host of others. Washington Irving gives " The almighty dollar.' Thomas Morgan queried long ago : " What will Mrs. Grundy say?" while Goldsmith answers, "Ask no questions and I'll tell you no fibs." Charley Pickney gives "Millions for defence but not one cent for tribute. " "First in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his fellow-citizens" (not countrymen), appeared in the resolutions presented to the House of Representatives, in December, 1720, prepared by General Henry Lee. Thomas Tasser, a writer of the sixteenth century, gives us " Better late than never," " Look ere you leap," and " The stone that is rolling can gather no moss. " "All cry and no wool," is found in Butler's "Hudibras." Dryden says : "None but the brave deserve the fair," "Men are but children of larger growth," "Through thick and thin. " ' ' When Greek joins Greek then was the tug of war. " Nathaniel Lee, 1692. "Of two evils 1 have chosen the least," and "The end must justify the means," are from Matthew Prior. We are indebted to Colly Cibber for the agreeable intelligence that " Richard is himself again." Johnson tells us of "a good hater," and Macintosh, in 1791, the phrase often attributed to John Randolph, " Wise and masterly inactivity." "Variety is the very spice of life," and " Not much the worse for wear," Cowper. "Man proposes but God disposes," Thomas a'Kempis. Christopher Marlowe gave forth the invitation so often repeated by his brothers in a less public way, "Love me little, love me long." Edward Coke was of opinion that '' A man's house is his castle." To Milton we owe " The Paradise of fools," "A wilderness of sweets,'' and "Moping melancholy and moonstruck madness." Edward Young tells us "Death loves a shining mark," and " A fool at forty is a fool indeed." From Bacon comes "Knowledge is power," and Thomas Southerne reminds us that ' ' Pity's akin to love." Dean Swift thought that " Bread is the staff of life." Campbell found that "Coming events cast their shadows before," and " 'Tis distance lends enchantment -to the view." " A thing of beauty is a joy for ever," is from Keats. "How I pity the poor such a night as this !" said Bland, as he sat in his comfortable apartment. " Then why," asked Bluff, " don't you put on your coat,, and go out and see if you can render assistance to some of them ?" " Ah," replied Bland, " then I shouldn't be so comfortable as I am now, and I might forget the poor and begin to pity myself. That would be selfish you know." A magistrate lately suggested that it would not do to go on drowning stray dogs in the river, as so many sunken barks might obstruct navigation. Testimony. "Aye, Dugald," said Dugald's friend, " as you say, you are sober and honest, but very little of either, and not much of both." Edith asks : " Will you please send me a receipt for a nice home-made pie ?" "Yes, Edith, we will send the receipt in the very first mail after we receive the pie." Wife (before a lion's cage, to husband) : " What would you say if the bars were suddenly to break and the lion to eat me up ?" Husband (dryly) : " Good appetite !" The office clock is usually about an hour too fast in the morning, and several hours too slow in the evening. This is something we [have never been able to under- stand. A European sculptor is at work on Mary Anderson's bust. This makes Bill Nye say, " Modest Mary, we quit yer. You should have returned to us and patronised home industry." A Jack's Valley ranchman has posted the following threatening notice : "If any man's or woman's kews or oxes gets on these oates, his owner's tails will be cut off, as the case may be." A young lady in St. Louis recently doused a young man with a pailful of water while he was on his knees begging her to be his bride. Never get on your knees before a St. Louis girl. Grab her around the waist at once. It makes her mad to lose time. Professor (describing an ancient Greek theatre) : "And it had no roof." Junior (sure that he has caught the professor in a mistake, " What did they do, sir, when it rained ? " Professor (taking off his glasses and pausing angrily) : " They got wet, sir." A widower had five grown daughters who wouldn't let him take a second wife. He gave up the wife, but bought a savage dog, and now won't allow aman to cross his door-sill. If he can't marry, the girls shan't, he says. But the girls will give in by-and-bye. They can't stand that sort of thing for ever. Jones always remembers to forget the articles which his wife tells him to buy. His memory is excellent for that. He has tried a new plan lately, and it works as well as could be expected. He writes all the things on paper, and then- forgets to take the paper. I am afraid that young Featherly, who calls on you so often, is rather a fast young man," said a father to his daughter. " Oh, no, he isn't, father !" replied the little brother who was present. " What do you know about Mr. Featherly?" demanded the old man. "I only know," the little man replied, "that I heard him ask sister for a kiss last night, and Bhe told him he could have one if he would be quick about it ; but it was the slowest kiss that I ever saw." In a provincial theatre, where " Macbeth " was being played by a clever actor, who was also a very great favourite with his audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo. "Hence, hence, hence!" when he dropped on his knee, covered his face with his robe, and shuddered convul- sively. Just as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the "acting, cried out, " Its all right now, Smith ; he's gone !" 