THEATRICAL MOVEMENTS. — Theatre Royal. " The Mikado." —Opera 1 House. Opera Company. —Bijou Theatre. " Haze] Kirke." —Victoria Hall. Hugo Company. —Nugget Theatre. D'Orsay Ogden Company. —ISxhibition Building. Aquarium. —'The Waxworks. The Giant Family, —fira.ttan Kiggs Co. Ko-organising for New Zealand. —M'Mahon andLeitcli "Silver Iviug" Co., Brisbane, &c.; —Barry Dramatic Combination. Towns of N.S.W. —Oscar Smith Co. Adelaide. —W. J. Holloway's Company. ' Hobart. —Faust Family. Northern Queensland. —ltignold's dates are as follows :—Christcliurch, 5tli to 22nd April; Wellington, 21th April to 20th May; Auckland, attVi May to 2Gtli Juuo. Address, l'riueess' Theatre, Duuedin. —The following is the Sydney cast of the " Great rink Pearl";—Prince Paul Pe'ninkoff, Mr. Henry Alleyne; Count Serge Kerominc, Mr. A. Boothman; Anthony Sheen (Journalist), Mr. Dampier; Patruccio Gormani, Mi-. Harry Loston; Valovitcb (of the International Police), Mr. E. Baker; Albert (Head Waiter at Grand Hotel), Mr. A. liorlnev; George Lilliearp (a Sheriff': Officer), Mr. ,J. Stark; ivau, Mi-. M'Donald ; Watson, P.O. L.Y., ]95, Mr. Watkin Wynne; Commissary of Police, Mr. C.'osar; Princess PeninkolT, Miss Florence Wade; Mary Turner, Miss Lily Dampier; Jessie, Miss Emma Fischer; Mrs. Sharpus, Miss Julia Morton. —Miss Genevieve Ward's arrival at Honolulu.—The King lialakaua was present, and afterwards sent photographs of himself and the Queen to Miss Ward, wit]] congratulations. Miss Ward has found a host of old friends in San Francisco, one lady having actually travelled five thousand miles to meet her. Though her American tour has boon eam.'ulled through illness, it is probable Miss "Ward will fulfil a short engagement in "'Frisco," as this is her first visit to the Far West. —Talent in getting scarce in the old country, if, as we are informed, Miss Myra Kenible has been offered an engagement as leading lady at Drury Lane, and Miss Emma Wangenheini as-jirima damm in an Opera Company. —Hon- Heinrich Kohler,a pianist of exceptional ability, has arrived in Melbourne with the intention of giving concerts through the Australian colonies. —Miss Nellie Greeuloes (Mrs. E. R. Russell), 1 am sorry to hear, is very ill. —Miss Maggie Oliver has left the Grattan Biggs Company. —Grattan lJiggs.—This popular comedian opens at Auckland on Easter Monday under the management of Mr. Charles Macinalion. An excellent compauv has been secured to support him, and includes the Misses Emma Uronton, Madge Xnnian, Addiu Capper, Jessie Grey, Messrs. Holiert Iiiman, Charles Seagrave (stage manager), J. G. Joyce, C. H. Fen ton, 1!. J. Poulton, J. Harker and several others. " The Irish Detective " will be the initial bill. —Macmahou and Leitch's "Silver King" Company continue to occupy the boards of the Brisbane Theatre, and the nieces they are producing are crowding the place nightly. —Tom Mo.rgetts, the comique, is in town once again. Talking of Margetts, here's a letter we came across lately: " My dear Margetts,—' Blue-eved Hose' was not my first composition, but very nearly so. It was sung originally by you, and if it is any benefit to you, you are quite at liberty to sing it, and advertise it as my composition composed for you ten years ago. Trusting you are doing well,—Iain, yours, &c.;, JJDSCOMBE KEARELLU." —Miss Nellie Held, one of the most brilliantly accomplished equestriennes ever known, and a one time Melbourne favourite, was recently the recipient of a very handsome compliment at Coven t-garden, where she has been winning enthusiastic admiration by her daring deeds on the back of her celebrated manege andleapingliorse " Sidney." During the morning performance she was called into the room of the equestrian director, Mr. A. Henry, and was presented with a pair of beautiful diamoud earrings, subscribed for by her personal friends. The presentation was made in a felicitouB speech, on behalf of the subscribers, bv Mr. Charles Dickens. —The Hayman-Norman Company left on Monday last to begin operations at Murchison. —Tile Apollo Hall people promise "No worn-out Nigger absurdities to tire and weary you." Heaven at last. —Grattan Riggs looks anything but well after liis late trip. —Long engagements—The six-foot supers, secured bv Siguor Marjeroni. —Tho Taylor-Juno Company at the west coast of New Zealand, staging " Tne Bonnie Fishwife" and the Irish drama " Arra-na-pogue." The former, it is said, proved a being perfect. She was ably assisted by Mr. Wil6on Forbes as Sir Hickory Heartycheer, BIr. H. Taylor as Wildoats, and tho inimitable J. J. Kennedy as Gaiters —In glancing through Tuesday's papers I find that poor Pietro Canua's drums are for sale. —A grand revival of the "Private Secretary," with Frank Thornton and Company, wiil open to-night at the Bijou Theatre. The season will consist of five uielits only. —Lance Lenton is with Hiscocks writing Sydney sensations. —Our George Darrell thus speaks of Mr. Irving's Romeo and Malvolio lie witnessed at tile Lvceum.—'"His Romeo I did not like ; he is cntirelv uusuited to the character. The nurse of Mrs. Stirling and the Juliet of Ellen Terry were excellent examples of different schools of acting, the remainder of the cast betrayed normal eJbcieuc.v; but tho stage pictures were simjilv wonderful. Mr. li ving's Malvolio I thought a most scholarly and artistic presentment. The delivery of the letter was a dramatic triumph, and the characteristic bumptiousness of the major-domo was most realistically pourtrayed. Miss Marion Terry's Viola was a weak, albeit a pleasing, performance, and the remainder of the characters were interpreted with an average efficiency. Mr. Terriss and Mi-. C. Warner are perhaps the principal leading men in London; they are capita! actors, always sure of appreciative audiences. Tile best living actress I consider to be Mrs. Kendall, more especially in the emotional or domestic drama. Tho power she swavs over her audience is immense, and to witness her performance of either ' The Squire,' or the Wife in " The Ironmaster,' is to see the perfection of art, and bear testimony to its dominion over the feelings. Mr. Kendall is a worthy support to his wife. Miss Ellen Terry has a style entirely her owu.it may be termed ' Terryesriue.' The whole family are imbued with the sister's singularity in a milk and waterish way. There is a quaint picturesquoness about Miss Terry's acting which is exceedingly attractive, and she justly holds the established position of a popular favourite. Bliss Mary Anderson is, I think, the best classic actress at present gracing the boards. I have seen this lady on botli sides of the Atlantic in all her best cliaracters, and I fee! assured that she is the only woman likely to enfold the mantles of the Siddons and ltistorisof the past. She has youth, grace, voice, culture and appearance with her, an almost unlimited banking account with a great Catholic influence beln'iid her, and an astute American manager, Henry Abbey, to incite the public in her behalf. Mrs. Langtry is by no means the lady amateur that the outside -world imagines; she is fast ripening into a capablo actress. Her much vaunted beauty is rather for the drawingroom than for the stage, whereon the footlights cast a glamour o'er the homely in appearance, and not infrequently lessen the attractions of the orthodox beauty. Of the comedy actresses, Mrs. Bancroft and Mrs. John Wood stand pre- eminent; they are comely matrons now, but they distance still all'the juvenile aspirants to Tlialian rules. The low comedy actress of the past cannot posiblv be replaced from amongst actresses of the present. To east a comic chambermaid now iu either England, America or Australia is almost an unpossibility. The vein of humour seems to have run dry, and the most a manager can expect from a modern young lady soubrette, as she loves to call herself, is a pretty face, a smirking manner, and a genteel walking through tho part. Mrs. Williamson—Maggie Moore—is one of the few living examples of legitimate ' low' comediennes; she does her author everv justice, and lends to her delineations a distinct charm of her own." — The Eloise Juuo Company are in New Zealand, playing " 1 Never Too Late To Mend," an entirely new version, by C. H. Taylor. Jacky Jacky and Josephs are being played by Bliss Ella, Carrington. —Bliss Essie Jenyns is being/i to? on all sides in Hobar This young lady made her first "appearance, and is an immense favourite. Presentations have been made to her. —Madame Majeroni, 24th, as Elizabeth. —Mr. St. Clare, the new lessee of St. George's Hall, intends making a big bid for public favour. Johnn v Hall will superintend affairs, and Blisses Amy Horton and Blanche Lewis, both of whom distinguished themselves in "Sinbad," will appear. Mr. Hepburn will business manage. —During the week Mr. Frank Lacev has been making additions to his Great American Circus, which will shortly be put on the road. —A promising and ambitious aspirant for histrionic honours has been making application for an engagement to Mr. Edward Compton. We hope his letter, which we append, will be found instructive as well as amusing. It reads as follows:—"8th February. Blessrs. •—.— and Co., Belfast. Dear Mr. Comptou,—In reference to you which I wish to Apply for as an Actor on the stage as I never have been out before I have got great taste for it small salary no objections I am yours faithfully.—'W. —Things are on the bustle now with Leon and Cush man and the Grattan Biggs,companies, which are pre paring for New Zealand. —An Adelaide paper thusly:— Tho whole performance ladies and gentlemen, wound up 1 with Oscar Smith's burnt Cork comedy which is perhaps needless to say eullmnated as usual in the dismemberment of a property landlord. The Tourist Party have just caught on like the hay fever, and those who by their spiteful ad vertisements have tried to do them harm ha ve really done them good as is often the ease with vindictive people, so that when the ' Only Hugo' comes he may And that for his pains he will have but the leavings of the public patronage to feast upon." —The Dampier cast of " Hamlet"as follows:—Claudius (lung of Denmark), Mr. H. Stoneham ; Bamlot, Mr Dampier; Polonius (Lord Chamberlain), Mr.B. N Jones Laertes (Son of Polonius), Mr. Alfred Boothman Horatio (Friend to Hamlet), Mr. Goo. M'Kenzie; ltoseu crantz, Guildenstei-n and Osric (Courtiers), Mr. D Drayton, BIr Joe Stark and Mr. H. Percy; Marcellus and Bernardo (Officers), BIr. J. Thorpe and BIr. Leopold Francisco (a Soldier), Mr. Davidson; Reyualdo (Servant to Polonius), Mr. Raymond; First Player, Mr. J. Ca>sar Second Player, Mr. Rosier; First Gravedigger. Mr Han" Lestou ; Second Gravedigger, Mr. J. D. Marsh; Priest, BIr. Percival; Ghost of Hamlet's Father, BIr. Edmund Hollowly; Gertrude, Bliss Julia Merton; Ophelia Bliss Katherine Russell; Player Queen, Miss Edith Smyth. 