THE attention of the Railway Com missioners was occupied for some time on Thursday by deputations from the country districts requesting various concessions to the travelling public. One of these deputations represented forty-four agricultural societies, and had, therefore, a good claim to be heard on behalf of the farming community. The special request which this deputa tion; had to make was that the system of return tickets adopted on the suburban' lines should be applied to the country lines, and such tickets be available daily between one station and another in the country, and between such stations and Melbourne. It was contended that such an arrange ment, while it "would be a great boon to farmers and others who desired to attend markets in neighboring towns, would lead to such an increase in the traffic as would guarantee the depart ment against loss. No one is, perhaps, • better aware than Mr Speight that passenger traffic •is not a fixed quantity but may be greatly en larged by - increased facilities. He knows, also, that the expense of working the lines does not increase in proportion to that of the traffic, so that every considerable addition to it permits of a reduction of fares, and this, in turn, again adds to the traffic. There are,, of course, limits to the operation of this rule, as even free conveyance would not increase the number of passenger beyond a certain limit.' It is due to Mr Speight to ac knowledge that since he took office the system of encouraging traffic by cheap fares and low freights has been adopted to a considerable extent, and with the happiest results, since the railways have for the first time been made to pay . the interest upon the money expended in their construction. It is to be admitted that there is less opportunity in this colony, where, the population is scanty, for developing railway traffic in this way than in a densely peopled country like England, but the operation of the principle is the same, only the limit is more easily reached. We-can easily understand the position taken up by Mr Speight. It is, ' he apprehends, the duty of the Commissioners to avoid a' deficit on , the- railway ' account/ When a sufficient surplus over working expenses to pay interest upon the capital lias been realised, experiments may, justly be made to ascertain how. far the /traffic can be increased by reduced, rates. The instance quoted by the deputation of a farmer employ ing middlemen to transact his business, in neighboring towns when he- has to pay full fares, but who would travel to such towns and transact the business himself if the fares were reduced, applies to many other classes ;of the people. Granting that the reduced fares give a smaller profit per passenger, by adding largely to the number of passengers the sum total of profit is made as great. We' may' an ticipate frpiq Mr, Speight’s answer to the deputation that he is fully cog nisant of the possibility of thus in creasing thq railway-revenue by afford ing facilities to the gravelling publia - ' We may remind the Railway ComT missioners that traffic on the lines may be encouraged in other ways, besides the reduction of fares; The removal , of", the official obstacles to the ready obtainal of tickets at stations, and the adaption of everything which can make; railway travelling more at tractive would', have no inconsiderable influence in increasing the number of passemgersi i During the holiday season, for^fexahipr^ 1 manjf!‘pe6ple who would, be disposed to take short trips stay at home rather than encounter the crush and the worry of the railway station. It is to be hoped that Mr Speight will not lose sight of the sug gestions which have been made on this subject, and that he will so far over come the vis inertice of the officials, as to provide for the continuous sale of tickets and the single file system when the nest holiday season comes round. Ballarat has certain railway griev ances of its own, and these were brought before the Commissioners on Thursday also. A deputation intro duced by Messrs Smith and Yale, and consisting of the Mayor, Cr Salter, ex-Mayor Morrison, and the Town Clerk, protested against the blocking of Lydiard street by the shunting of trains, and the danger, to . life, - from the absence, of sufficient warning of approaching trains. With regard to the first Mr Speight said it was a necessary outcome of a level- cross ing at the mouth of a station. He might have added that it was 'an " error of judgment ever to have had a level crossing there at all. Whilst Ballarat remained the terminus of the line the evil was not of such magnitude, but an endeavor should have been made to effect an alteration when the northern extensions were made. A level crossing under such circumstances, especially where the railway intersects one of the busiest streets of a large town, is necessarily both a nuisance and a danger, and must become increasingly objectionable as the railway traffic grows. It was necessary to do away with , a crossing of the kind at Richmond, and when the direct line to Melbourne is completed and the - through traffic to Adelaide developed, it will plainly become impossible .for the present " Lydiard ■street arrangement '. to continue. The presence of a man .to warn passengers of- approaching- trains, (tile ringing of'fhe'electric bell not. being understood by many), and the addition of footways to the Armstrong street bridge are well; enough as tempo rary expedients,-but it is obvious that the construction of a tunnel under Lydiard street and the Presbyterian reserve will have to' be undertaken sooner or later, and the difficulty may as well be faced at once, before, some serious disaster occurs. The Commissioners have consented to erect acoal gear at the Ballarat station; but are not prepared to replace the hideous timber props in the Webster street bridge by something less offensive to the eye. Pehaps the Railway Com missioners desire to be known to future generations of BaUaratians as stern utilitarians who erected this bridge as a standing protest against the aesthetic proclivities of their-time. The sittings of the Assize Court in Balla rat were commenced and concluded yester day at the Lydiard street Courthouse,' before his Honor Judge Cope. Mr Robert Walsh was the Crown Prosecutor. There were only four prisoners for trial, two of whom pleaded guilty. The cases were got through early in the afternoon, and the court then adjourned sine die. At the Town Council meeting yesterday a notice of motion was given to the effect that at next meeting the advisability of laying tramways in Ballarat East be considered. At a special meeting of the vestry and committee of St. Peter’s parish, held yes terday evening, it was decided to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of the Rev. tf. W. H. Adeney by selecting a clergyman from England. The aid of the bishop is to be solicited in the matter. Our telegraph operators and messengers are generally obliging and capable officers, but occasionally they, like others, make mis takes. An amusing instance exemplifying this occurred during the recent visit of the Chief Secretary to Ballarat. Mr Dcakin’s caligraphy is not of the most easily decipher able description, and a telegram written hurriedly by him, on being sent to the tele graph office, fell into the hands of one of the messengers, the operator being temporarily absent. The boy looked at it intently for some time, could not decipher the signature, and handed it back to the person who brought it; stating that the sender would have ito-write-it plainer. This message was taken to Mr Dcakiu, who thereupon scratched out his signature, and subscribed the tele gram “Chief Secretary.” At the same time he requested to be informed of the name of the boy,-in order that he might be promoted for his smartness. The lad was reading the telegram with some trepidation when the operator arrived, and matters were set right. ' Our local correspondent yesterday writes: —“A.fire took place this afternoon at 4 o’clock at Mr George Whykes’, Buninyong. The fire somehow originated in the building in which the vehicle was kept/ By the exertions of the fire brigade and the inha bitants generally the conflagration [was at length extinguished, but unfortunately all the stables, coachhouse, and outhouses were burned down. Great endeavors were used to save the store, and this was accomplished. The whole of the premises were insured, but to what amount the portion destroyed was insured could not be ascertained... The pro prietor, Mr Whykes, is at present on .a visit to the home country; however, his repre sentatives did all that was possible to save the principal building. Great praise is due to the brigade, as only for. their efforts the whole block of buildings would have been consumed.” . Advantage was taken by a few Of the many friends of Mrflarrie Wood in Ballarat of his presence in this City. on Thursday afternoon to meet him over a glass of wine. Mr Wood, it will be remembered, was formerly secretary for the Mining Board in Ballarat, and also occupied other responsible positions. . He is now Under-Secretary for Mines in New South Wales, a position corresponding with that of Secretary for Mines in Victoria. Mr Wood’s presence in Ballarat was owing to his desire:to ob tain information concerning the' School' of Mines, 'os it is; intended to ■■estab lish a similar institution in Sydney. A few. of his friends met, him at the George’ hotel, where old times were talked over, and the health of the visitor was' drunk enthusiastically. Mr Fitzpat rick, J.P., was voted to the chair, and amongst those present were a number of representative men, including Mr D. M. Davies, M.L.A., the Hon. J. B. Humffray (the first Minister of Mines of Victoria), and Messrs; Finlayson/ Riordan, Bickett, and Walker. After the usual loyal toasts had been honored, the health of the guest was proposed by the chairman in his usual happy manner, • complimenting him on his present position, for which he considered his ex perience and ability well fitted him. Mr J. M. Bickett .proposed, the toast of' “ The Mining Industry,” coupling with it the name of the guest. In doing so, he remarked that Mr Wood was the first to bring the mining laws to anything like perfection, and Mr Humffray the one to place them on the statute book. They now had a splendid code of. mining laws, for .which the, community had mainly to thank the old pioneers. Mr Wood , suit ably and feelingly responded; The chairman expressed regiet that the time they had together was so short, and his sentiments were echoed ■by all present. They could then, Mr Fitzpatrick, remarked, have -enter tained their ' guest more ■itf'rfccordance with their desires and his deserts. - The . proceed-: ingswere of an informal character, .and the reunion did - not take - place until after 3 o’clock, arid Mr Wood had- to take his de parture by the quarter-past 4 o’clock train; ■ The mayoral Ball, which is.to be. held. on.. Friday evening, 18th inst., in the Alfred Hall, 'promises to be a brilliant affair.' We' are informed - that nearly -1000 invitations have been issued for the gathering. Mayor Salter is evidently determined to maintain the reputation • he has already gained for hospitality, The ; candidates for • -matriculation; were examined yesterday in -Greek and German. The examination will be concluded to-day, when the,time-table will be as follows: : 9.’30 to 11:30,/elementary physiology; 12.30 to 2.30, eletnfentary chemistry; and 3.30 to 5.30, elementary botany. The hairdressers of Ballarat East peti tioned the Town Council; yesterday regard ing the early closing clause of the Shops and Factories Act. Cr Long, in presenting the petition, which was signed by Messrs Wil liam W alker, Stand, Herritage, Mont : gomery, Reiffel, and Chamberlain, con demned the Shops and Factories Act in very strong terms. Parliament, he said should be ashamed of itself in making such a law; and with Mr Fitzgibbon, the town clerk of Melbourne, he was of opinion that Parlia ment ought to be sent to gaol for three years. Cr Ferguson remarked jocosely,.that the council were to blame for the objection able law being in existence, for they had two men at the table who had assisted to nmjic it. Themayor.also condemned the ShopsandFac tbries’ Act, saying that it was oppressive. It did not affect the employes, but it was felt by the unfortunate employers of labor, who, in addition to hard times, had to put up with the annoyance of policemen running about their premises, and threatening all sorts of things if the establishments were not closed punctually at 7 p.m. Cr Ellsworth enquired if it would not be possible for the,council to make a bylaw to meet the case of these sufferers; the Melbourne City Council had done so. After some discussion, the petition was made an order of the day for next meeting, enquiries to be made in mean time. The second match between the Ballarat and Ballarat Imperial clubs' will be played on the Saxon Paddock this afternoon, when a close and exciting game is anticipated. Mr W- Pitcher, of Cluues, has consented to act as central' umpire. Mr Pitcher is an old playing member of the well-known Essendon Club, and has the reputation of being .very fast; so that the game to-day should be a very quick one. At the Assize Court yesterday Thomas Williams was, charged with maliciously wounding one Phoebe Watkins at Creswick on 22nd May last. The particulars of the case have already been published in our columns. The prosecutrix was a married woman named Phoebe Watkins, living apart from her husband, but who - for some time has been living with the prisoner. On the date named the womnn had been drinking, and after haying a drink with a mail named O’Connor, accompanied him some distance away from the hotel. The prisoner went to look for the woman and found her with the man O’Connor. She was lying on the ground with her clothes partially disarranged, and Williams struck her, and an incised wound on the calf of the leg was inflicted . during the scuffle, probably from somesharp in strument in the prisoner’s hand. The police then came upon the scene and he was arrested. The prisoner. in defence stated that he was drunk on the evening "in question, ■ and on finding the woman with O’Connor struck her. He denied having had anything in his hand. The jury after a retirement of about ten minutes returned into court with a verdict of “ not guilty.” His Honor then discharged the prisoner. • The adjourned case against ; Mr W. Irwin, landlord of the Provincial hotel, for keeping the bar of his licensed premises open after half-past 11, was heard at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Mr Pearson ap- i peared for the defendant.. It was admitted, for the defencej that the bar was open, but it had been opened by Mr. Irwin to go into the office at the end of the bar in order to book a number of late travellers who wanted beds. No liquor had been sold. The magis trates thought that a bare infringement of the Act had been committed, but did not know whether they should act strictly upon it or give defendant the benefit of a doubt. The case was further adjourned for three weeks, pending the decision of the Supreme Court in a similar case. : The members of the South Ballarat Foot ball team to play against Footscray, on the ground.of the latter, this afternoon, left Bal larat last evening by the 7.10 train. In all 23 players left, the only absentee of note being Keane. The team are confident of, in this instance, upsetting the Sportsman’s tip that “Footscray should about polish off South Ballarat.” At the Town Council yesterday Cr Long produced a copy of The Ballarat Star of Monday last containing an extract from a Geelong paper, stating that he (Mr Long) had applied to the Geelong Town Council for permission to paint on the footpaths in the seaside municipality advertisements setting forth the efficacy of Long’s Wonderful Cough Drops. (Loud laughter.) He did not know anything of such application, and the pro prietors and literary staff of The Ballarat Stardesexxed his warmest thanks for exposing the trick played upon the Geelong Town Council at his expense. (Laughter.) Cr Russell—“ Who do you think wrote the letter to the Geelong council ?” Cr Long— “l don’t know. Fancy me, an old coun cillor, a man supposed to know a little about municipal law, making such a request to such an intelligent body as the Geelong Town Council. Had The Ballarat Star not printed the extract, and given me a chance to con tradict the statement, people would not know what to think of me.” Councillors generally condoled with Mr Long over “ the lark,? but the indignant ex-mayor says that he will have the matter thoroughly sifted. Lovers of music will be glad to learn that Mr George Herbert, R.A.AI., intends con tinuing his organ recitals at the Pro Cathe dral on the first Sunday evening of each month, after service. Mr Scott, J.P., Mayor of the Town, who was seriously ill for some days, has now re covered, and he was yesterday able to fill his position at the meeting of the council. The young man John E. A. W. White pleaded guilty at the Assize Court yesterday to the charge of obtaining by false pretences, by means of a valueless cheque, the sum of £2 2s fid from Mr J. Willis, of Sturt street. A previous conviction for stealing money from the Victorian Railway Commissioners, and for which he served a sentence of 21 days’ .imprisonment, at Beaufort, was put in against him. .The prisoner handed in a written statement to the judge, in which he stated that he had acted as he did when under the influence of liquor, having in dulged somewhat freely in bidding good-bye to a number of acquaintances. He had been engaged' with a circus, arid had gone as far as Gordons. \Vhen there and he was sober, he saw what he had done, and wrote to Mr Loft, of Beaufort, whose name was attached to the cheque, asking him to make it right. He thought Mr Loft had done so. He had no intention of defrauding Mr Willis, and if he had known that the case was not settled, . he would have got the money arid set matters right. His Honor remarked that persons who cashed cheques too freely, in his opinion, brought it upon themselves. The court would deal leniently with the prisoner, who was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, with hard labor, in the Ballarat .Gaol. The balance-sheet of the Blind Asylum concerts fund is published in orir advertising columns,, showing a nett result of £l2l- 4s 2d in favor of the institution from the Ballarat visit. " A miner named Daniel Carr has been acci dentally 'killed at Corindhap. Deceased was “Paddocking” , at - Frenchman’s Gully in company with two others, named respec . tiyely James Borthwick and John .Reynolds, when he was crushed by an extensive fall of earth.. Air Martin Hosking, the esteemed Town Missionary,' has made himself quite a favorite with the adherents of the Lydiard street Wesleyan 'Church. • The members of the congregation- will, therefore, be pleased to hear j that he will preaph in the church to-morrow morning. The Rev. W. Williams will conduct the evening service. The anniversary services in connection with the ; Neil afreet Wesleyan Sunday school,will be commenced to-morrow, when sermons will be delivered, by the. Rev. A. Powell, of Geelong, morning and evening, and the Rev: J; fiettiss in the afternoon. On . the following Monday a tea meeting, will ■be held, and subsequently a public meeting will take place. Mr Henry Wilson will occupy the chair, and addresses willbe de livered by the Revs; A. Powell, J. Bettiss, J. White, R. Fitcher, and other gentlemen. Choice selections of music will be rendered by the children under the conductorship of Mr A. C. Alichell, with Miss R.'G. Alichell, as organist.’ Should the weather continue fine a large gathering is anticipated. Yesterday at the meeting of the Town iCouncßthe mayor called - the. attention of the representatives to the goat nuisance in Ballarat East, and said that steps ought to be taken to.impound or destroy the wander ing nuisances. The neigborhood of Russell square and Dyte’s and Scott’s parades were stated to be overcome by goats. One coun cillor said that he thought Mr Matthews, the inspector, should capture the animals, but the pedestrian powers of the council’s official were questioned, by another council lor, especially in a race with a goat. Cr Russell brought .the discussion to a termina tion by suggesting that the mayor and Air Matthews should, like Darby Ryan’s Bansha peelers, be empowered to “ sally forth” and capture all straying goats. The suggestion was not adopted, but the council resolved to take immediate steps for the suppresion of the nuisance. Our report of the annual meeting of the Anglican Sunday School Association for the diocese of Ballarat is unavoidably held over. Several letters are also crowded out. : The requisition to Mr David Cooke, re questing him to allow himself to be nomi nated for a seat in the City Council for the south ward, appears in our advertising columns this morning. Mr Cooke, in reply, announces his intention of becoming a can didate, and that, if elected, he will use his best endeavors to forward the interest of the ratepayers in the south ward and the city in general. A meeting of the friends of Mr“E.- Morey was held at Craig’s Royal hotel last night. Air J. Alurray in the chair. There was a good attendance at the meeting, and all present expressed themselves sanguine of Air Alorey’s success. Several gentlemen stated that from their own observation they were certain that Air Morey would poll a large vote, and strongly urged that the contest should be entered upon with spirit and- determination. Air Murray was unanimously appointed to the position of permanent chairman, compli mentary remarks being made about his energy and knowledge in electioneering con tests. Air Barker agreed to act as secretary pro tern. All present pledged themselves to secure as many signatures as possible to a requisition to be presented to Air Alorey, re-' questing him to allow himself to be nomin ated for the vacant position. The proceed ings then terminated, it being understood that efforts would be made to have the- re quisition in readiness for presentation to Air Morey on Monday. A magnificent collection of chinaware was on-view at Air C. C. Shoppee’s warehouse, Sturt street, last night, and was the ad miration of all .who inspected it. It is a portion of a consignment purchased by Air. Shoppee on his recent visit to Europe, and speaks well for his enterprise and.taste. The arrangement in the window, and in the shop also reflects credit on: the person whose taste is shown in the method of display. The collection is so extensive that minute is difficult. We may, however, refer to a few of the more noticeable articles. Of Dresden china plaques, mounted on plush, there-are fine samples, all elegant and striking. The tinted vases and toilet table sets are also very handsome. There are a number of terracotta figures, some plaques, with raised figures in this material, being particularly noticeable. Several mirrors, set in imitation rustic frames and orna mented with raised flowers, are beautiful ornaments, the butliues -of the flowers being particularly faithful to the minutest, detail in form and color. Representations of fish, birds, and animals, raised on open plaques, are also very lifelike. There is a fine col lection of statuettes, prominent amongst which are models of • “ The diver ’•’ in different sizes. Another feature in the col lection is the hand-painted dessert sets. These are real works of art, the perspective being very correct, and a different scene being represented on each piece. The passage between the two stands of goods in the shop is arranged as an arcade, and is prettily illuminated by means of tinted globes.. By advertiseirient elsewhere it will be seen that the public are invited to inspect the collec tion to-night, when it will be illuminated from 7 until 10 o’clock. We need scarcely add to what we have said' above, that the display is well worthy ef inspection. “Hamlet” was repeated in the Academy of Music last night by Air J. Robson, and a number of the leading elocutionists of Bal larat. The audience was more numerous than on previous evening, the hall being well filled, and the applause was even more pro nounced, several calls havingtobc responded to. These expressions of approval were cer tainly by no means undeserved. -The piece went even more smoothly than on the previous evening, and the performers seemed to excel themselves. Alrßobson,as “ Hamlet” showed a decided improvement on Thursday night’s representation and at times made the audience forget that they were listening to an amateur. Air A. C. Carnegie, as the King; Air W. I. Allan as Horatio; Air Payne, as Laertes; Air Saunders, as the ghost; Air Frayne, as the first player; and the other gentlemen also excelled their former efforts. Miss Payne as Ophelia, and Miss Churchy, as the Queen, were likewise more effective in their -parts. In short, all worked with a will, and succeeded in presenting a most creditable amateur performance of one of Shakespeare’s most difficult plays. Their success will make the public anxious to hear when their next performance is to come off. The Town magistrates yesterday sentenced the woman Sarah Bruce to seven days’ im prisonment on a charge of stealing a wine glass belonging to Air Thompson, of the Times hotel, Bridge street. Two men, strangers; to each other, were brought before the Town Court yesterday, and ; charged with drunkenness. One offender. Smith, was fined ss, which he paid, but the other toper upon being ordered to pay a similar penalty said he had no money, and would go to gaol. “ No, you won’t,” said Smith, who was about to leave the court, “I’ll pay for your folly as well as my own. Here’s the 55.” No. 2 fine was paid, and the pair left the court together. We are requested to inform the share holders of the Tweed Wool Company, Limited, that the works at Breakwater, Geelong, were offered by the New Zealand Loan and Alercantile Agency Company, Limited, on Thursday, and were not sold. There is, however, a possibility of a private sale being effected, as there are one or two buyers in the market. ' Mr Batson, cabman, whose vehicle and horse tumbled over an embankment in Princess street south on Thursday, applied yesterday to the Town Council'for coihpen sation for damages sustained. The council referred the application to the mayor, the chairman of the public works committee, and the chairman of the finance committee. A report of the accident -appeared in The Star of yesterday. It seem that the ; residents of Princess street south are complaining of a want of abridge over the creek, and it is said that unless the approaches are. fenced off, or the desired bridge erected, a serious accident will occur. One ratepayer says that on several occasions he has prevented drivers of vehicles from running headlong into the creek. The works committee of the Town. Council should en quire into the complaint in question. A little ceremony took place at the School of Mines yesterday afternoon, the occasion being the presentation of a medal given by Mrs Win. Irwin"to .the most successful student at the school who had [ been associ ated in his studies with her late son, -Master J. A- Irwin, whose, death we recorded some time back. , A large number of the students 'were present,' as also a number of other ladies and gentlemen who had been invited to attend. The presentation was made by the vice-president. Air James Oddie, who in making it referred to the good example which had-been set by the deceased, a clever and proficient student. Ingrati tude for . the' kindness shown by the students to her son, Airs Irwin had de termined to give a gold medal, ; which was awarded to Mr Walter Reid Bik-her vaise. The medal, a very handsome one, was then presented to Mr W. P, Brinher vaise, who received it on behalf of his son, who is, at present at ; Silverton. It bore the following inscription:—“ Presented by Mrs W. Irwin to Mr Wi'R. Bdohervaise, his fellow student at the School of Alines, in loving remembrance of J. A.Trwin. C.S.M B Died Ist April, 1886.” Mr Bcchervaise acknowledged the . presentation in a few appropriate remarks. On behalf of Alrslrwin, Air Oddie presented the two latest volumes on “ Spectrum Analysis” to Professor Smith on behalf of the school, as a memento of lier son’s connection with it. Mr Wj Irwin feelingly referred to the good fellowship that bad existed between his late son and his fellow students* and took that occasion of thanking them, for it. Mr Oddie made a few further rcmarksnrging the students to persevere. The instruction they gained at the School of Mines' would enable them to make a mark in life.' As an instance in point he referred to Sir .William Siemens, who began as a .poor chemist and died worth three millions.. The .certificates won at the school were valued in all parts of the colo nies, and there wen* numerous openings for students .that could not atpresent be tilled. The singing of the National Anthem brought the proceedings to a close. Mr J. T. Hirt, who says that he is a “ most oppressed man, a roan who has an income of only as per week, with perhaps a boot to mend now and then,” applied to the Town Council yesterday for compen sation for damages to his property through the “ negligince ” of the council. • Mr Hirt, who is always verbose, covered, a gogd deal of foolscap in stating his grievance, and the assistant town clerk, in true Shaks perian style, read the lengthy communication to the council. Councillors smiled as the contents of the epistle were made known, but there was much laughter when the writer had a “ hit all round ” at councillors and officials. The council, however, showed sympathy for Mr Hirt (into whose house the boiler from the Ice Works explosion fell with a crash) by requesting - the works com mittee to report upon his alleged griev ance. Mr Moore, who is appointed to the Clerk - of Courts’ office at the - City of Ballarat, in consequence of Mr J. S. Cooper’s appoint ment as a police magistrate, -arrived at Bal larat yesterday. He comes from the Mel bourne City Police Court, not from Beualla,- as originally stated, and brings with him the good wishes of all with whom his duties brought him into contact. He is an officer of considerable experience, and is well spoken 1 of by all the legal gentlemen and magis trates connected with the City Court. He is the son of a gentleman who bolds a respon- ■ sible position in the Chief Secretary’s de partment. Mr Moore will act, in conjunc tion with Mr Greene, as Clerk of Courts at the Ballarat City office. Mr Hogg will, as heretofore act as clerk at the Ballarat East Court, add Mr Mulligan will superintend the whole of the offices in Ballarat. The last named gentleman will also act as deputy coroner. Mr Robert Kennedy, who has just in augurated a series ; of popular Scottish en tertainments, will visit Ballarat next week and give two concerts in the Academy of Music on Thursday and Friday evenings. The entertainments are well spoken of by the press wherever Mr Kennedy has ap peared, and; will no doubt draw large audiences here. Cr Hoff at the Town Council yesterday . enquired of the mayor why the Ballarat ,-East Post-office was still without its long promised clock; also,’ was it possible 'to ascertain , the ,kind of time piece that was likely to be procured for the post-office. In the reply to the first query, Mr Scott said that it would be well if the council were to request Messrs Russell and Murphy, the Parliamentary; representatives for the dis trict, to interview the Postmaster-General upon the subject; and with reference to the second question,, the mayor iutimated that as be had no idea of the Sam Slick business he could throw no'light upon the model or interior workings of the clock that was about to be placed in front of the Post-office. Cr Ellsworth remarked that the people of Ballarat East should endeavor to get a tower erected at their Post-office, but Cr Ferguson was of opinion that a tower ought to be erected on the spot-where the Post office should have been. It was eventually: decided to write- to the Postmaster-General, asking him to erect the clock as soon as possible. The annual tea-meeting and entertainment in connection with the I.O.R.,’Excelsior Female Tent,’ No. ,7,' was Held last evening in the assembly-room of the Alfred Hall. About 120 persons sat down to' an excellent tea, catered by Mr C. M’lntyre in his best style. The tables were presided over by the Misses Scrimmager, Langley, Young, Eggle ton. Falconer, Turnbull, Richards, Murray (2), . Pascoe, Kittlety, Steed, Jackson, Gwynne, and Pratt. After the tea the room was cleared, and a concert was given. Mr VV. Coltman, P.D.C.R., occupied the chair, and made a few introductory remarks. Addresses were also . given during the evening bv Mr J. Russell, M.L.A., and Mr ' E. . W. Binder, G.W.C.T. The following programme was rendered:— Pianoforte solo, Miss Spear; song, “Blue Alsatian mountains,” Miss E. Rees; - song, Mr James; trio, “Ye shepherds; tell me,” Misses Williams and Mr Opie; song, “ Pop ping’ the question,” Mr Uren; duet, “ Music and her sister, song,” Misses Rees; recital, “The signal box,” Mr R. Gray; song. Miss Williams; song, “ Tis wrong to kiss and tell,” Miss J. M'Kissock; song, “Good company,” Mr Opie; song (humorous), Mr Cameron; duet, “ Beautiful stars,” Misses Rees; song, “ The lost child,” Mr Uren; recital, “The magic wand,” Miss Franklin, song. Miss E. Rees; song, “Steering home,” Sir Opie; song, “ Jessie’s dream,” Miss J. M’Kissock; song (comic), Mr Cameron. The performers were frequently applauded, and the entertainment was given to an appreciative audience. A lad named Christopher Harvey attended at the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a severely sprained ankle, sustained while playing football. At the Town Council yesterday, Cr Fer guson complained of the inconvenience ex perienced in Ballarat East through having no commissioner for taking affidavits located within the Town boundaries. The Mayor said that Mr J. A. Mulligan, when stationed in Ballarat East, acted in the -capacity named, but since his transfer the Town people had to proceed to the City to make their affidavits. The council decided to com municate with the Law Department on the subject. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Public Library Committee was held last Thursday evening. -Present:—Messrs J. Ferguson (president), Elsworth, Lakeland, M‘Kee, and Rehfisch. Mr John James pre sented 75 volumes of votes and proceedings and other Parliamentary papers to the library, for which handsome donation the committee accorded that gentleman their hearty thanks. The book committee re ported upon the success of the lecture de livered by the Hon. Alfred Deakin, Chief Secretary, in aid of the library, which proved a most' intellectual treat to those who patronised it.’ As regards the financial result they were unable to state definitely, as the whole of the tickets had not been returned, but there is no doubt there will be a credit balance for the institution. The matter in. regard to furnishing the front room, referred from general committee, was postponed. The accounts were passed for payment and other routine business trans acted, and the meeting closed. The travelling sheep nuisance was again referred to at the Town Council yesterday. Cr Ellsworth informed the council that a few Mays ago a 'flock of 6000 : , sheep had been depastured on the reserves‘in'’iJfie- neighbor-' hood of Eureka street, and that as a conse quence almost every blade of grass on .the plots had disappeared. This was a hard matter for the poor residents of the Town, who depended on the grass on the reserves for the support of their cows. The mayor said the council had done all they could in the matter, but it appeared that the law re quired amendment, and until then they could not take a firm stand in regard to the nuisance complained-, of. Cr Ellsworth thought the council should take the law as it stood, and prosecute the owners of the tra velling sheep. A man named Alfred Turner was brought before the City magistrates yesterday, and charged with stealing a ring, the property of a Mrs Davies; residing in Wills’street The circumstances of the case- were of a some what peculiar nature. Turner, it appears, made an offer of marriage a week or two since to the prosecutrix, who is a widow and follows the occupation of a dressmaker. The day was fixed, and the accused bor rowed a ring of her to enable him to get the measurement of a wedding ring. The en gagement was, however, broken off, and the prospective bridegroom was' given in charge for the larceny as a bailee of the ring. The bench remanded him until Tuesday next. A young man named Charles Henry Wil liams was presented at the Assize Court yesterday on the charge ef stealing money to the amount of .€4 2s fid from the person of one Thomas Anderson, at Allendale, on the 25th May last. Mr Gaunt appeared on behalf of the _ prisoner, who pleaded not guilty. The evidence showed that the prose cutor had gone to Lightbody’s Royal Victoria • hotel on the night previous to the date, of the robbery. There he, the landlord, and others began' shaking dice, which was continued throughout the night. At about 3 o’clock or half-past 3, two or three of the left, leaving Anderson and Lightbody still playing, Williams being pre sent. At about 5 o’clock they stunned , Anderson lay down to sleep for aThiU and the sofa m the bar parlor 7 On ? n missed three £1 notes, a half-sorere!™' 08 nc 12s 6d in silver which he had place^’in?- 4 waist coat pocket. The prisoner was aeamb * and the money found in the bottom of oml his stockings. For the defence evident 1 brought to show that prisoner had i drinking, .that he had money in his t,* sion on the previous day, and that it l ?' 5 * 8 ' common practice with men on the J put their money in their boots Ti,’ ■ to after a short retirement found the JUty guilty, with a strong mercy on account of the temptation W° placed m through gambling. The iudne lecturing him, remarked that he m found guilty of . a serious, a trcaohn offence. He had taken advantage of •! ° ns ' while asleep and robbed him while ml?? mg to be liia friend. The jury had re C( J' mended him.to mercy on account of midl and the sentence would be a verv l ■ ° one. . The sentence was that heslonWbe imprisoned for 12 months, with hard labor „AVe hear, on very good authority, than „„ Wednesday, next a publican in the Cre™;? district will be proceeded against on a inons on a charge of larceny. The surround' mgs of the case are said to he sens-iti™ i The charge, we are informed, h^? al ' through the secpiel to a gambling ■ tion. . 3 . Of the jurors summoned to appear -if ft, Assize Court-yesterday .one had ul r charged by death from tl.c obliSn ; attending. His Honor Judge Com fi “I another absentee £2, but as be sub^ n „?f appeared in court and informed that he had just arrived in Ballarat bv ?u the line was remitted. J rau The presiding magistrates at the Citv Police-Court yesterday morning were Thomson and Carr, P.M’s., and MrF? gerahl, J.P. _ Josiah Cookson was fined 20i in default 10 days imprisonment on ’i charge of insulting behavior. Two person charged with drunkenness were discharged A number of debt oases were also dealt _ A highly siiccessful sacred conceit was giyen in the Ebeuezer Presbyterian Church last night, by the church choir, assisted by Mr Chas. Paynter The attendance was very good, the church being crowded, while numbers were unable to obtain sittin- an commodation. The chair was, in th°e ah sence through illness of the pastor of the church (the Rev. W. L. Morfon) oecup , by the Rev. R. Kennedy, who interpolated the several numbers with appropriate re marks. ine following ladies and gentlemen took part in the vocal portion of the enter tainment:—Mrs Axford, Misses Scott Dun' stan, Alaoara, .Ritchie, G. Anderson, and Coxon and Messrs!. Allen, Forrester, and S’ Campell. During the evening Mr Chas. Paynter delivered two solos on the organ very tastefully, and to the entire satisfaction of the audience. Miss -Anderson presided very efficiently as accompanist at the oigan. The choir also saiw several choruses in excellent style, doing “credit to themselves and to their leader, 0 Mr J T Morris. _ During the evening a collection (admission being free) was taken up in aid of the building fund of the church, the result being very satisfactory. Last night’s enter tainment was the first of a series of three The next will follow in about three weeks' when a cantata, “The captive maid of Israel,” will be produced. We have received from Mr Chuck, the j Well-known photographer, of Sturt street portraits of the Rev. Mr and Mrs Mountain’ j who recently conducted evangelistic services at the Congregational Church, Ballarat. The photographs are of cabinet size, are excel lent likenesses, and are finished in the style for which Mr Chuck is so favorably known. A tea and public meeting in connection with the jubilee of the Victorian Wesleyan Church were (writes our correspondent) held at the Creswick church on Thursday even ing,- when stirring addresses were given by the Revs. J. G. Millard, Adamson, Dyson, and Watsford, and over £7O was promised towards the Jubilee fund. Mr David Ham, J.P., presided over the public meeting, and delivered an,interesting opening speech. The deputation made highly complimentary re marks on the excellent music contributed by the church choir, led by Mr T. Malton, Miss Maltou presiding at the organ. At the Blackwood Police Court on 29th ult., before Messrs Shuter, P.U., and Cameron, and Ferguson, J’s.P., Jl'Carty proceeded against Egan to recover £3 ISs lOid, for goods; order and os costs; in default distress. Same v Ecklam, f1 Os 7Jd, goods, &c.; order and 5s costs, in default distress. Same v M’Donald, £9 Os sd, goods; case adjourned for 14 days. hi. A. Paulson v ADFadden, £7 6s 6kl, goods; order for £6 16s 6d, costs ss; ids to be paid every four weeks, first payment on 25th June, in default distress. Police v Mackey, for cutting timber on Crown lands without a license; fined 7s 6d, costs 2s 6d, in default distress. Same v W. Clarke, for a like offence; fined 7s 6d, costs 2s 6d. Constable Eason v John Livy for threatening language iu a public place; fined £l, costs 10s 6d. Same v Duncan Allen, fined £l, costs 10s fid, in default one week’s imprisonment. At the Scarsdale Licensing Court yester day, before Messrs Thomson, Carr, and Heron, P.M.’s, an application for the trans fer of license from J. E. Camm, of the Corindhap hotel, to John Taylor, was granted. An application was also made for the transfer of license of the Springdallah hotel, Derwent Jacks, from Lant Power to Patrick Power. The applicant would not undertake to reside on the premises. In spector Parkinson opposed the application, which was refused. A billiard-table license was granted to P. APCusky, of Linton. Conrad Miller, licensee of the Royal Ex change hotel, Scarsdale, applied for permis sion to keep open his hotel till 12 o’clock on Saturdays, for the accommodation of passen gers by the last train. The application was opposed by Inspector Parkinson, but was granted by the bench. Our Geelong correspondent last evening wired:—“ A large and important meeting of subscribers was held at the Free Libran to-night, to consider as to the advisability ol opening the reading-room to subscribers on Sundays, and after a lengthy discussion, tne proposal was negatived by 115 votes to -0. The Alines Department alleges that in the pamphlet recently issued by the Saudnnrs School of Mines for distribution at the Colo nial and Indian Exhibition, some statement are made which cannot be substantiate - With regard to adopting drills on the same principles as the American, i > considered that the colonial-made ori with the numerous improvements inirouuc by Mr John Palmer, of the Alining Dept"' ment, are superior to those imported r America. The temperance movement will shortly * strengthened by the advent to this a celebrated English temperance lec > Mr William Noble, who is now pro s6 ™*’" o , a gospel temperance campaign in Aeiv land. , f The fourth anniversary of the dca o Garibaldi has been commemorated ) principal Italian residents of Sydney. Mr Gaunson, iu the Legislative Assem on Thursday, gave notice of amo tin£ favor of Air Gladstone s bill for g * Home Rule to Ireland. The British Medical Journal says that Prince of Wales has approved of a su b tion made by Dr J. H. Avelmg tin tion boxes to collect a general fun London Hospitals should be place __ being Colonial Exhibition, and that steps arc bg taken to obtain the fullest advantag this important concession. , A man named Lee, employed at t o a Hepburn claim, whilst standing on ~ door in the shaft on ihinsdny, missed his footing and was preup •> foremost to the bottom of the s.lw fell about 16 feet, and landed on hu>F Though considerably shaken Hd roc t so violently iu contact with tlie {^ (says the Advertiser), he picked 1 Cr(g . and was snbsecpiently conveyed {avor , wick Hospital, where he is progiess „ The Treasurer hopes to bo able dc *. ee i; his financial statement about tlie nre in July. The Under-treasurer Jeleijra'ph) is now busily ° -.i f on nthe the departmental details winch , v ;nbe framework of the budget speech. « JJr R the last financial statement m b t he S. Symonds will assist, and, j g ' state of the finances at the eD . month,,it is likely to he one p re asnrcr couraging. It is true t;lia cr edit will not be able to take S a prv ioe last year* balance forward as did AH b because when he had £370,000 to the there were many ; inusu ?i f S r y result which led up to such a s _.. j, a ve the- Neyertheless,, it is -gratify K financed assurance of Mr Gilhes that tne ,•. ~e rv promising, and that there will excellent balance to be carried; oyer next financial year. In connection “these financial statements it may be ivithtnes Ne . Zealand theTreasnrer' ff S printed, and imme- I, 1 ?* ,Im, rising to deliver it, copies are cir in the House, and also despatched vv telegraph free of charge to every paper in „f‘,v By this means an absolutely tbe nip account of the Treasurer’s observa =f c “ r s provided simultaneously for the Ti of the New Zealand Press, and-a '•mUar practice obtains with, reference to the Public Works statement. A special meeting of the Blackwood Rifle flub was held on Wednesday last, m.the Mechanics’ Hall, Barry’s Reef, to take into consideration the action of the Government • the price of ammunition. After a fSofllcTJU Mr S. H. Gibbin was ap d Med delegate to attend the meeting to be nfin Sourue on Tuesday next: The h n ' terv was instructed to write to Hon. A. Mr S. T. Staughton, M.L.;A., asking their co-operation. The Customs’ revenue for the mouth end ins 31st May did not quite reach the esti “hl of the.department. Thesum received as £167 984 as against £165,120. for the corresponding period in ISSS, the estimate of the receipts for the month being £l/4,// 5. Tlnrin" the 11 months of the present fiuan rml /ear the revenue of the department amounted to £2,027,919, or an increase of £123 424 the estimated receipts for : that period. ’ The month of Juno, however, as a rule shows a considerable decrease in the Customs returns, and therefore it is believed that this excess will be brought down to between £90,000 and £lOO.OOO. The amount paid into the Customs House during 1884-o was £° I°l 392, or £111,242 more than the Treasurer expected to, receive during the year. A Sydney telegram published in the Argus savs ._“Some time ago a young man pre sented to the Federal Bank a cheque for £l2. It was marked by the ledger- clerk; but the customer did not present the cheque till some time after. When he did so the £l2 had been eouverted into £l2OO, and the money was paid, half in gold and half in notes. The teller and ledger-clerk were dis missed. The manager of the bank has since received a letter from the person 1 who com mitted the fraud, stating .that his conscience would not let him rest, and he. would return the money. The notes, less £2O, have been received with an intimation that the gold will he sent in also.” A board of engineers, consisting of Messrs Derry, Shakespear, and Gray don, visited Gordon, on Thursday, for the purpose of enquiring into the Geelong water supply. Their reports are to be. principally confined to the Eastern and Western Moorabool Hirers and trihutors. Mr M’Culloch, J.P., was interviewed concerning .the drainage from Gordon and Egerton. The board made minute enquiries touching tbe deposit of MrU, tailings, &0., from those townships, and also from the mines, in order to find out how it was likely to effect the purity of the supply to Geelong. They also discussed to a certain extent the proposed water supply to Gordon and Egerton. A man named William Sayle was bn Thursday engaged in sinking a shaft at Ara rat, when. an iron bucket, filled with wet mullock, which was being hoisted by a wind lass, slipped from the, hook, and fell a dis tance of 15 feßt on. to his head, causing a terrible wound and fracturing and depress ing the skull upon the brain. The man is lying in a precarious state. The annual value of the agricultural pro duce of Great Britain is £300,000,000. This is double the produce of her looms, three times that of her forges, and four or five times a year’s produce of her mines. Mother earth is England’s most beneficent friend. There used to be a pretty general impres sion in the public mind that before payment of members, and even after, the pickings attaching to the position of a legislator were not to he despised. But there would appear (says “Atticus”) to be handsome pickings in other professions. I heard of a gentle man in a small country town who acts as local correspondent for the district journal, and receives in return the modest stipend of 12s Gd per week. As he has no other means of living with which to main tain himself and iris family, it was a puzzle to liis friends how he made ends meet, and one of them told him so. “ Well;” said he with a meaning smile, “you seel don’t depend altogether on the fixed pay. Every one knows 1 am connected with the press, and lam treated handsomely. Ho you know that yesterday I had 32 drinks, which, at 6d each, would come to- IGs. If I do as well every day my berth is worth over £3OO a year.” If this gentleman were in Parliament as well as “ on the press,” how magnificently he might supplement his income ! Mr Justice Cope, upon the adjournment of the Assizes, favored Jlr Chuck, the photographer, of Sturt street, with a sitting. The' negatives secured are all that can be desired. . St Paul’s annual social meeting next Tuesday even ing is likely to be very largely attended. Excellent music will be rendered by members of the church choir and other friends; and an address will be given hy the Ven. Archdeacon Julius, on the subject "Three years in a country village in England.” We have received from Messrs K. U. Nicholls and Cos. their descriptive catalogue of trees, plants, Ac. At the Royal Assembly Itooms 10-morrow evening Mr A IV. Ward (Yankee Bill) will deliver his post poned lecture on “ Clerical Robbery Made Legal.” 