CAPITAL ,WINE. (From" At what Cost," a new booT of stories by the late Hugh Conwcay, author of " Oalled Back." COprrv wine, John," I said, holding the glass between the lamp and my eyes, and admiring the rich, ruby tint. "Capital, isn't it?" replied John, cuddling his glass in tho palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and fully bring out its bouquet and flavour. We had just finished the sort of dinner I consider perfection for two persons. A drop of clear soup, a sole, and a brace of wood cooks. This is, to my mind, as nice a dinner as can be devised, and one which, having eaten, you have no occasion to reproach your self with high feeding or gluttony. Others may devour huge cuts from surloin, leg, or saddle, but I am always contented with a humble menu like the above. "Thirty-four, of course," Isaid, aftertasting the port again. John nodded, and continued nursing his glass. "Where did you buy it, John ? " I in quired. "Didn't buy it," replied John. "You can't buy such wine as that now." "A gift from a grateful client. I presume," I said, refilling my glass. "Not a bit of it. Clients ain't so generous, now-days. If we can get our costs we are con tent." "Well, how did you get it I" "fStole it," replied John, shortly. "What do you mean?" " I mean, I stole that wine as much as ever a thief stole a watch. Iplanned, plotted, and at last succeeded in effecting the theft. You would have done the same, would you not ?" "I don't know. It depends upon the risk of conviction and imprisonment. But, tell me all about it." John placed all the bottles fairly between us, and began: "You knew my old uncle, William Slagg at any rate you have heard of him. Well, he made a good bit of money drysalting, and, what is more, made it when he was a youngish man. He must have been well brought up, or mixed with the right sort of people, for he developed a wonderfhl taste for wine, and, instead of doing what lots of people do now, more shame to them-send out to their grocer's for half a-dozen as they want it used to but a pipe or a butt at a time and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his sensibe conduct, for when he retired from drysalting, he found himself with a eellar not only amply stocked, but without a drop of bad wine in it. So he settled down to live comfortably- on his investments, and to drink "his wine in peace. " Poor old boy I It was beautiful so seehim and amusing to hear him with the decanters in front of him. He knew the historyofeach wine he gave you, and nearly all had a ten der reminiscence for him. He would sip a drop of sherry, and look across at me and say : "I call this more than wine, Joun. It is a poem; something to enjoy and think over." Then he would turn tothe port. " I bought that pipe, John, when I made a wonderlulit hin tallow;" or, "that claret, John, I laid down when log- wood went up to such a puice," and so on. " The old man was by no means ia. wine. bibber, .ut he would take his four or five glaeess after dinner and enjoy them. He ou? fered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen withrubi cund faces. He lived a good many years, enjoying the fruit of his labours and the juice in his cellars, and at last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last words were to me:- " "'Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John. There's more body, more solemnity in those wines than some of the others.' "And then old William Slagg went off, and I have no doubt is now the best julodge of nectar in the upper regions. ." He left me his execator, and I am happy to say, the reversion of a considerable sum when his widow dies. "But it was not without a feeling.o! disap' pointment I found all the contents of his house, including t'h cellar of wines, were hers absolutely. " It seemed absurd for a splendid lot of wine like that to belong to a woman who would be utterly unable to appreciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounded, after the manner of womankind, by sweet cham pegne on one side: and family port on the other. I had never expected to be left so much money, but I.had always cherished the hope that Uncle Slagg, who had greatly approved Ol the way in which I hddiscussed his liquor, would have left me those wines. H.owever, I thought very likely the widow would prefer a good sum of money to the full bins, so I intended to offer to buy them after a decent iuterval, "My Aunt Slagg has very different ideas to those of her late and lamented husband. I remember her, however, as a sensible woman, and having a good eye to the. main chance; Sheb had been a capital wife to Wil' '{liMa Bpggs, beit, 498u twt l-pgntb butlel his death, she had attended some revival I meetings-a loveleast, or something of that I sort-and been converted. I can't tell,, of course, but I feel sure that nothing can be more annoying toan ordinary man than to find the wife of his bosom-who has jogged along with him very comfortably in a give.and-take ityle for many years-suddenly turn round and lecture him upon his amiable little weak neeses. "I am convinced the shock of her conver. sion hastened poor old William's death. He had been so accustomed to look upin drink ing good wine as the duty of a Christian, that when his wife made a new departure, and be came a rabid teetotaller, the thing was too much for him, and he died trying to solve the peoblem. She would quote Sir Wilfred Law. son, Dr. 1iohardson, and other authorities, all dinner time, and, when the decanters were placed upon the table, walk away with a look of chastened sorrow upon her face. Nothing of course,'could wean Uncle lsagg from his wine-pots, as she called his little weakness, hut I know after tirades, the liquor had lost some of its flavour for him, and did not taste the same as in the old days before her awaken ing, when she would fill his glass, and even press him to take an extra one for the sake of his health. I wonder he did not alter his will and, no doubt, he would, had he known to what lengths her fanaticism would lead her. " I managed, by skilful tactics, to keep on pretty good terms with the old lady. I took the temperance tracts with which she bristled, and led her to understand that, if I could not make up my mind to take the pledge at once, it was a good deal out of con sideration for her husband's feelings, and I might do so some day. She looked upon me as a weak vessel, but bad great hopes that I might eventually be strong enough to hold the gift of grace, as she rather curiously termed it. After William Slagg's death, I had, in my position as executor, a lot of business to transact with her, and for some weeks saw her nearly every day. I thought the time was coming when I might broach the subject of the cellar to her, and, as I was walking to the house one afternoon, deter mined to sound upon it, I rang and knocked for some minutes, but could get no answer to my summons. They are all upstairs, I thought, and can't hear me. Then I remembered that the day boeforo, after going through a lot of papers of my uncle's, I had locked the drawera and put the keys in my pocket. His latch key was amongst them, and I took the liberty of opening the door with it.' " As I entered the house, I smelt a very peculiar smell proceeding from the kitchen. is was the odour of wine ana very strong. They moust have broken a bottle carrying it up, I thought. Perhaps, after all, the old lady is not so strict a teetotaller when alone. And I laughed at the idea, little dreaming from whence the smell came. I could find no one in any of the sitting rooms, and as I heard persons moving in the basement, pro. ceeded there. My Aunt, hearing my steps on the stairs, ran to the kitchen door to see who it was. I noticed she appeared vexed as she met me. "' I am particularly engaged this afternoon, John, and can't speak to you now," she said. " As she spoke, I noticed the smell of the wine was almost overpowering, and I wondered what she was doing. ",She had some old gown on, and that covered with a rough, white apron, apparently soaked with some coloured fluid. She was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing from a cut on her hand What extraordinary household exploit could she be engaged in? " When a lady tells you decidedly she can't stop to talk.to you, and when she appears up to her eyes in cleaning the house or something of that sort, the next thing to do is to make yourself ecarce; so I apologised for my intrusion and promised to call again to morrow. " ' But what a strong smell of wine, aunt 2" I said. "Don't you notice it i" "' My servants have just broken a bottle or two'" she replied, looking rather embarrassed. "Good-bye, John, shut the door after you." "* Good-bye," I said, and retraced my steps. "As I went up those dark kitchen stairs, a sudden thought struck me. And yet it seemed so wild and absurd that I laughed at the idea. But, before I reached the top, it had taken full possession of me, and I felt cold and pale with dread. I could not bear the uncertainty and determined to ascertain, at any risk, if my suepicions were correct. Instead, there fore, of shutting the door from the outside, I shut it with a good bang from the inside and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minute's listening, my ears caught a crash of glass, and then a rich gurgle of fluid, that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another crash, another gurgle, and then another and another, and even that strange scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, so I crept like a eat down the stairs once more, and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and my aunt's voice exclaim, in a tone of exalted fervour; "- Glory-Alleluia-another bait taken from Satan's trap 1" "Ipassed across the kitchen and looked through the door of the scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red-.cheked servant wenches busily engaged in knooking the necks off the cobwebbed bottles, and-oh desecration 1-pouring their priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and beset liness of that sort down the sink to gladder the he hearts of the rats in the main sewer. " For a few moments, I was so taken aback I could not speak or move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and I could see an exalted look in my aunt's face, and as I heard her exclaim with each cruel deacpita tion, "another bait snatched from Satan I" I knew the poor woman was earnest in her conviction, and imagined she was doing right As Ilooked at this strange scene, thinklin what course to take, an exclamation behind me made me turn, and I saw in the kitehr. the other red- checked servant girl, bearing or her muscular arm a bottle-basket holding a dozen of wine she had evidently brought up from the cellar for the purpose of immolation O, William Slacg, you must have turned in your gravel I I had ever believed in ghosts this work would have banished by belief, for if anything could have brought a ghost base to earth, the saecrifieo going on would have brought yours back. That basket contained the very particular, the joy of your heart. the wine that only cams forth on the most important occasions, the very opening ol which was a religious ceremony, and fcrenn prayers went up over each bottle that the cork may have withstood the ravages of yeers and the wine be still sound I And now - "Even if the servant had not discovereru me, I should have interfered then, o I stepped boldly forwards into the senllery and confronted the heartless executioners. The servant, looking sheepish and ashamed, pu' down tho bottle, the neck of which was jus' approaching the edge of the stone sink. M. aunt, with theb consciousneso of rectitude, met my gaze firmly. "'Thank heaven I returned," I said " What does this mean ?" "'Mean, Johnl Only that I am doinp my duty." S"'Diog your duty in pouring the finest cellar of wine in London down a common sink I" "'You know my views, John. I say "touch not, taste not, handle not." "She has been touching and handling withl a vengeance, I thought, bat I kept my temper, and seaid:- "' Bat if you won't drink it, why not sell it and give the proceeds to the poor, if you like?" "' ~No, John. I have considered the subject . ; .. ..i?? ,, : ;, -, .: , ·i ? ually. My duty is to pour it down there. If I sell it-il I give it away -someone will ] drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to perdition." " Her imagery was strange, but her mind / was made up, so, after a pause I said : " 'Come upstairs and talk with me. Tell ° your servants to stop for a bit." g "She followed me, saying, " it's no good talking, John ; my mind is made up." "I est about for a way to move her, and at last decided on a bold course. " We seated ourselves in the dining room, near that polished mahogany board in which poor old Uncle Slsgg loved to see the crystal decanters mirrored. Then I commenced gravely "' My dear Aunt, you will understand that form motives of prudence I could not speak before your servants as I can now. Of course, I do not dispute your right to do what you like with your own, but I am sure you cannot be aware of the penalties you are incurring in this wholesale destruction of fermented liquors." "' How do you mean ?" she said startled. "' I mean"' I replied, in the most solemn seeents, " that you are defrauding the excise and are liable to heavy fine and, I believe, imprisonment." "' But the wine is my own," she argued. "Precisely; so is this sovereign mine, buat were I to clip, debase, or to destroy it, I lay myself open to legal proceedings and punishment. Wine has paid duty and ispro terted in the same manner as this sovereign." "' How unjust," she said. "'It may be so, but it is the law. More over, the informer gets a good share of the fine, so see how you place yourself in your servants' power and what temptation you expose them to.' "'But I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom,' she said, with an angelic look. "'Excuse me, my dear Aunt, but I cannot afford to go to prison, and, as I am the executor and responsible for everything, 1 should share your fate. It may seem selfish, but I must guard against this. I shall, there fore, ask you to give me the key of the cellar; allow me to seal up the door, and I promise you, at the expiration of a twelvemonth, when I give you legal possession of everything here and take your discharge, I will return the key, and youe must then please yourself.' "' 1Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with the law, so although the penalties I threat ened her with were improbable and absurd, they set her thinking, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, though as a make-weight: "' How terribly vexed poor uncle would have been had he seen you to-day.' "'I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is, he fully realises the errors of his life, and could he look down' or up I thought-' he would be pleased to see my actions.' "I thought of the poor old fellow as I last saw him at the table and smiled at the idea, but was too wise to contradict her. After a pause, she said: "'Well, John, you have been very kind and attentive, and I should not like you to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish, But, mind, at the end of twelve months nothing shall stop me throwing all the wine away. "I saw the basket of the 'very peculiar' safely restored to its snug bin; I locked the door, affixed my seal to it, and carried the key away; reioming that I had arrived in time to save the wine. "But my task was not half over. I knew my Aunt so well, and felt sore she would carry out her threat at the expiration of the time named, so I wove a plot to obtain abso lute possession of the wine, without putting her in a madhonee, or even forfeiting her goodwill or any chance legacy. "I said not another word about the collar, but, when the summer came, persuaded her to go away to the sea-side for abshort time. With all her magnificent conduct as to wast. ing alcoholic treasures, she was rather near, and said she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expenses of her present house too great. I suggested letting it furnished for the time to a respectable tenant. She fell in with this suggestion, and when, through the house agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take the house at a handsome some per week, and brought her unexceptional references, the matter was settled. Tom said he had his own servants, so she sent hers away on board wages. On the evening of the day she left, I met Tom by appointment at the house. His servants were all a myth, and there was no one to interfere with us. We broke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and en larged by my old unole's directions, at least five hundred dozens of wine, sleeping in beautifully arranged bins, peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly they had escaped total destruction. "I determined to act with great caution. We had plenty of time before us, and I felt, to escape detection, the cellar must be left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the contents of the bins, and the number of bottles in each, and also noting the appearance as well as I could. And then, Tom, commissioned by me, wont round to auctioneers and wine merchants buying as cheaply as he could all the refuse he could find. Sour claret, fetid sherry, and fasty port formed the staple of his purchases. He was a perfect godsend to the lucky trades men he patronised, and it they ever imagined he was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him wine were equally guilty of man* slaughter. We had it packed and sent to' Tom's warehouse, and in two or three jour neys hauled it to my Aunt's and staoued it in the basement. The house was in a quiet neighbourhood, and stood in a garden, so we ran little risk of detection. And then our work began. We were a month at it off and on, and I assure you the labour was so hard that only the thought of the rich reward enabled me to go through with it. We trusted no one, but did everything ourselves. We took the bins regularly, emptied them of their contents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dreadful purchases to replace them, and, having done that, filled the empty cases with the real Simon Pare, labelled each with the particulara, and nailed them down. In about a month our work was complete, and the tire hundred and odd dozens of the old man's cherished wine lay ready packed for removal, whilst, through our carefulness, the cellar presented an appearance verymuoh the Eame ns it did before we commenced our meritorious task. The risk of deteotion was rendered less, from my Uncle having fol" lowed the old-fashioned plan of filling the bios with eaewdust. This, which was old and dirty, we crefully replaced, and, re-looking and re- serliug the door, after packing the last ease, executed a dance ot triumph at the success of our plot so far, and fully trusted to our clevernessc in completely deceiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evening we sent two largo wagons to the house, and by twelve o'clock that night the resened trea. sures were safe in Tom's warehouse under look and key. 01 course, our operations had left the basement of my Aunt's house in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to putting all that straight. This being doneto our satisfaction. Tom wrote to hre. Blagg, andenclosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plans being changed he in tended to leave the house at one. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came back, and, although mach disgnusted at the dusty state she found the house in, and vowing nothing should induce her to let it again, never showed the slightest esnuspilodn of what had transpired during her absence. "Now that I was happy as to the wineas, I waited with great curiosity to see whether, at the expiration of the time of- probation, she would carry ou, her intentions. I found she was as firmly resolved as ever, and as I wished to see the end of the affair, after handing her the key, with a feigned protest, I told lhr I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas she could not do otherwise, and offered to give her any assistance I could in the good work. Almost incredulous, she accepted imy aid, and a good work it was to poor the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink.. Faught it nearly made us all sick: but I know my assistance on that occasion secures me a good legacy, as she altered her will in my favour the next day. "The cream of the joke was that, as the servant girl brought up a basket full of the noxious compounds and reported that this was the very last, my Aunt hesitated for a few minutes, and, as perhaps some tender recollections of her late husband presented themselves, said to me:-. "' John, if you would like to take this last dozen, for your poor uncle's sake, you can. I ought to do away with all, I know, but one dozen is very little from the large quantity I have sacrificed. So take it, if you wish.' "I trembled at the idea, and answered as one who overcomes a severe temptation:- "' My dear Aunt, don't let any inclination of mine lead you from what you consider your duty. No doubt, I shall be better with. out it, so let it follow the rest.' "She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Slagg's supposed wide gurgled down the sink, and my Aunt cleaned herself from the stains of the sacrifice, and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no doubt, expects her reward hereafter, and doubtless she will receive it, for if ever a good act was done in this world; she did one when she poured away that five hundred dozen of horrible stuff called wine." John, having finished his tale, took a bright little key from his pocket, and rose. " I suppose your friend Sinclair claimed some of the spoil?" I asked. " 0, yes, the wretch I Wanted a hundred and fifty dozen, but I managed to compound for about half that quantity. So my cellar of wine was cheap after all, and I can well spare that other bottle I am now going to fetch.?? Tri Spanish fumigate travellers by abttinog them up in a close room with burning tar - nod sulphur. If the traveller suffocates be. fore the door is opened that's his own look. cut. - . - . 