THE CASE FOR FAIR TRADE. THE following paper was read at the Johnsonian Club on Saturday evening last by Mr. Richard Newton. It drew forth a long reply from another member of the club, and will form the subject of general discussion on a future occasion : Some members of the club have told me that the subject I have chosen for a paper is unsuitable for a literary club, and I am compelled to concur in my friends' opinions. I believe it is not very suitable, and Tam rather apprehensive as to my being able t to make it very interesting. To excuse in part my choice of a subject, I must venture on some preparatory explanation. When a man has abandoned an old faith and arrived at nothing better than an attitude of negation regarding it, he has no call to attempt to proselytise his fellows. Unless he can offer what commends itself to his judgment as a better and more hopeful belief, there is no object in unsettling the opinions of others. When once, however, he has satisfied himself that the new faith is of more comfort than the old he burns to make converts, and adopts the method that seems most likely to spread the new Evangel and bring fresh sinners to salvation. As with theological so it is with fiscal dogma. I have been a free- trader all my life. The battle of Free- trade v. Protection having been fought and won when I was 7 years old, I accepted my opinions as it were on authority as we do so many of our youthful faiths. The attention of all thinking men has of late been drawn to the utter failure of all the promises of the early free-trade apostles. In trying to account for this failure my investigations have led me from a position of scepticism to a gradual renunciation of the old doctrine, and, finally, to the adoption of another. It may be that the star of my new faith is but an ignis fatum leading only to confusion and ruin ; but, at all events, I resolved, while the faith was strong within me, to address the members of this club, relying on their judgment to determine what of truth or falsehood there maybe in the conclusions I have arrived at. As representative of the intellectual portion of the community I am conscious that I have but to win them over to the cause that I advocate, and the education of public opinion will follow as a necessary consequence This, however, does not completely define my mental attitude and purpose to-night. In addressing my brother Johnsonians there is a sense of comradeship that is to me infinitely reassuring and com- forting. If my arguments fail to find favour I shall have the sympathy of the kindly adviser who corrects his friend's folly with gentle indulgence. Anyone who has passed through the slow agony of a new phase of faith will remember each period of the gradual mutation ; the first suspicion regarding the stability of the old meeting, then the actual breaking away from it, with all the perils and un- certainties of the unknown sea on which one finds oneself adrift, then the stormy and perilous tossings contrasting so dismally with the settled calm of the former anchorage, and then the cheering light of the new haven which seems to promise once again the rest of an undisturbed faith. I have lately passed through this troubled experience, and now, fancying I see the steady light that beacons the safer harbour, I yearn to bring all Johnsonians with me into this port of refuge. John Stuart Mill, in his splendid essay on Liberty," makes some striking observations on the existence in men's minds of certain inherited beliefs which, having been long since admitted to be proof against adverse argument, remain in undisputed possession as superior to all criticism. Such opinions, Mill says, have lost the vitality that characterised them when fighting for existence. Being proof against attack they remain as dead beliefs, not vitalising the mind they have taken possession of, but merely standing sentinel over it to keep it vacant. These remarks seem to me specially applicable to free-trade arguments. The schools have long since settled the question, and to doubt the conclusions of the professors is as difficult as to doubt that two and two make four. But, to take the most extravagant illustration that occurs to me : If after years of submission to this arithmetical statement one found in practice that whenever one took two marbles in one's hand and added thereto two others that the product, instead of being four, as by all reasoning it should be, invariably turned out to be five, how should we reconcile this fact with the doctrine of our teachers 1 "We should naturally begin to suspect that there was something radically wrong in their apparently incontrovertible teaching. We are confronted with a similar difficulty with free-trade. Free-trade communities should be prosperous because labour, not being cajoled into unsuitable employments by artificial encouragement, is free to find the employment best suited for it. The consumer buying always in the cheapest market is certain of supplying all his requirements at the most moderate prices, whereas the producer looking to the dearest market is equally certain to find his capital and labour sufficiently remunerated. In the protected country on the other hand we must, of course, find the converse of all this. As you cannot protect one industry without protecting all, the cost of everything is enhanced, and the workman finds no advantage from his increased wages everything he requites being so much dearer. As soon as his home market is supplied he loses the benefit of the protective tax, as he cannot export to a free trade country unless his protection takes the form of an export bounty, which is sometimes the case with any prospect of profit. If, as is the case with the French and German sugar refiners, he has the advantage of an export bounty, it obviously means that the taxpayers of his unhappy country are made to distribute so much hard cash amongst the consumers of the import- ing country merely to enable the latter to enjoy the benefits of an artificially cheapened commodity. It is obvious that the country pursuing this mistaken policy must gradually drift into hopeless financial en- rangements, whilst the country that has given its allegiance to the more enlightened doctrines must grow more vigorous, prosperous, and self-reliant as years roll on. Unfortunately, this is precisely one of those cases where the addition of two and two results in the same disappointment of all reasonable anticipations. One accepts all the arguments as truisms in which no flaw can be detected, and yet somehow experience is entirely at variance with the conclusions to which they should logically lead. Free-traders are confronted to-day with the perplexing fact that, whereas in free trade England the national industries are dwindling and shrinking owing to the competition of the cheaper product of foreign protectionists, the trade of these heterodox nations, as shown by their exports and imports, has increased since 1870 - about which time Continental nations and America largely increased their protective duties far more rapidly than has that of England. Thus, in the fourteen years between 1870 and 1884, from an authoritative table that I have been able to consult, the exports and imports of the United Kingdom have increased only 24 per cent, whereas during the same period those of France have increased 39 per cent; Germany, 56 per cent; Austria, 55 per cent; Spain and Portugal, 80 per cent ; Holland, 10s per cent ; Belgium, 81 per cent and United States, 59 per cent. England's commercial decadence at present resembles the current shoot- ing to the fall, progressing at an accelerated ratio as the fateful verge is reached. Last year, 1885, shows a falling off in the national exports of close on ¿£20,000,000, and the imports having decreased by £16,000,000, giving a total loss of trade of £36,000,000, which in the period since 1870 reduces the increase of trade from 24 percent, already quoted, to 19 per cent. How would Mr. Cobden explain this alarming retrogression if he could stand again on the platform that he did so much to establish. Mr. Cobden's teachings undoubtedly conduced much to the welfare and prosperity of England, and had all other nations adopted his doctrines, as he confidently predicted in 1844 they would in less than ten years, his expectations regarding the national prosperity that would result from free-trade would probably have been fully justified. Cobden contemplated a free interchange of untaxed commodities, a fair field and no favour, when obviously each country would produce that which it could produce to the best advantage. The extraordinary expansion of British commerce after the abolition of the Corn Laws in 1846 has produced and fostered the opinion that the best way of fighting hostile tariffs is by free imports. But an examination of the causes operating towards the prosperity of this epoch shows plainly that free- trade gets in this respect more credit than it deserves. Great depression existed for four years after the abolition of the Corn Laws till in 1850 and '51 the gold discoveries of California and Australia startled the world. How enormously these discoveries added to the wealth of the world may be gathered from the following figures: Between 1859 and 1860 gold to the amount of £206,000,000 was produced in in the next ten years £180,000,000 and in the third decade, £142,000,000. Concurrently with this enormous increase in the world's currency began the rapid development of our carrying power. Distance was practically annihilated by the application of steam to ordinary locomotion. In 1850 the railways of Great Britain, the United States, and continent of Europe had attained a length of 23,361 miles. Ten years later this had expanded to 60,570 ; another ten years increased the total to 111,036 and in 1880, the mileage had reached to 185,176. During the same time steamers of ever-increas- ing size gradually replaced the now almost obsolete sailing vessel. The effect produced by this enormous addition to the carrying power of the world can hardly be estimated, certainly not exaggerated. Great Britain's customers were multiplied on all hands. Markets, which previously owing to the difficulty and cost of transport it had been impossible to tap, absorbed her products in increasing quantities. She had in 1850 a third of all the railways in the world. She had moreover, an absolute monopoly of the cotton and iron trades. Other nations looked on with envy and amazement, hoping to learn something of the secret of British prosperity, whilst England stood without a rival distributing her wares to all the peoples of the earth. This grand climax was' regarded as the apotheosis of free-trade. So amply had its apostles been justified, that henceforth to question any of their doctrine came to be recognised as a sort of publication of the mental inferiority and ignorance of the questioner. While Great Britain was rapidly monopolising the industry of the world, other nations were too busy with profitless struggles to give much thought to fiscal questions. The attention of Europe was perpetually distracted with wars and rumours of war till 1871, when the Franco- German war was brought to an end. This closed nearly twenty years of warlike disturbance, England's part in which ceased with the taking of Sebastopol fifteen years previously. Then the other nations having hung up their bruised arms, turned their undivided attention to the establishment and encouragement of manufactures, and the development of their commerce. About 1870 and shortly after, they all largely increased their protective duties. Free- traders in all British communities looked ? on with a sort of sardonic satisfaction. A very few years of persistence in this costly fallacy would, it was confidently anticipated, bring wiser counsels. Let them ruin themselves for a time for the benefit. of British consumers, and the follow would inevitably work its own cure. But after a few years of waiting and watch- ing the persistent progress of these be- nighted communities became somewhat perplexing. Not only did their trade increase at a ratio out of all proportion to that of Great Britain, but in most of the lines in which England had enjoyed almost a monopoly these protectionists gained so strong a foothold as to be able to compete with her ruinously in the home market. Take cotton and iron, for instance. Since 1873 the consumption of cotton in the United States has increased 24 per cent, on the Continent by 64 per cent, and in free-trading England by not quite 9 per cent. According to Mr. Goschen's figures the profits on her iron industries have fallen in 1877 from £7,000,000 to £3,000,000, and those on mining from £14,000,000 to £7,000,000. Quite recently a great outcry was made in Glasgow because all the ironwork for the new municipal buildings was imported from Belgium. "The truth is," says a recent writer, Mr. A. Williamson, who has much impressed me, "that so long as Europe was forced to come to us for what she wanted, our one-sided trade system did us little harm ; but now that the tables are turned, and she and America relieve themselves of their over-production by casting it upon the markets of the only nation which will receive it free of duty, we are realising in the present depression of trade the serious mischief produced by our blind worship of a system scoffed at by every other nation of the world sort of fetish at whose shrine we are graciously permitted to worship, but whose doctrines forsooth must never be called in question." What the impressions now are of any in telligent Englishman revisiting the old country whose inclination or business may lead him to inquire into the state of trade may be fairly judged by the report of Mr. Bertram, recently published at Rockhampton. Mr. Bertram, as manager of the Central Queensland Meat Export Company proceeded to England to endeavour to discover the cause of the depressed condition of the meat trade, and his investigations brought under his observation the following experiences The primary cause of depression has to be accounted for in a somewhat roundabout way ; the immediate cause is commercial distress, the want of employment amongst the working classes, and consequent lack of purchasing power throughout the country. The primary cause, in my opinion, begins with agricultural distress. Next come foreign competition and strikes. Foreign competition in manufactured goods is another source of distress The competition of Germany is very active. It is from the protective policy of the German Government, and the enterprise of the people, that competition is to be dreaded. First among items is sugar. Owing to the production of beetroot sugar in such large quantities, and the Government bonus on the export, the British markets are flooded with it. Prices are reduced below the figure at which the British refiner can compete. As a consequence the refineries of London, Greenock, Bristol, and other towns are closed, or running short time, and large numbers of workpeople are thrown out of employment. In cutlery, locks, and other lines of hardware, it is found that Germany is sending over large quantities of a quality and finish cheaper, and in the case of locks better, than can be manufactured in Sheffield or Birmingham. The Gladstone Government have even been importing bayonets for the use of the British army. Steel castings are being sent over to Newcastle \- on - Tyne and other engineering centres, and are preferred by engineers to those cast in Britain, as they are free from honeycomb, and take on a better finish in the lathe. They are, however, admitted not to be so strong. The French and Belgians compete successfully in woollen goods, while America swamps the market with grain, butcher meat, hams, cheese, and fruit. All these imports are admitted into the country free, or at nominal duties, while British manufactured goods are shut out of nearly every country in Europe and America by protective tariffs. From the long hours and cheap labour on the Continent, and the low price of land in America, our countrymen are severely handicapped, and have a poor chance of competing on even terms. Free-trade is good in itself, and is correct in principle ; but to make it perfect, it should have the whole commerce of the world running in the same groove. But, unfortunately for the mother-country, there is no reciprocity. An opinion, however, is gaining ground that a modified form of protection to native industries must ere long be' resorted to. In the meantime, I am afraid the British are losing heart under the great pressure of the times, and want a stimulus. This idea is disagreeably forced upon the notice of a stranger. As an illustration of what I mean I will notice the articles of apples and cheese. In my younger days, these were articles Britain had just cause to be proud of, but it is not so how. While I was travelling about I scarcely noticed an English apple for sale, but everywhere I could find American fruit, and I found it is much preferred to the home-grown article. The fine orchards I remember so well are now either rooted up, or in a state of neglect- and decay. In cheese, who does not remember that Stilton and Cheddar were considered to be unrivalled ? Now they are completely superseded by Gorgonzola and Gruyere, imported from France and Switzerland, and of other sorts the Americans keep pouring in in enormous quantities, which they sell at prices with which the English farmer cannot compete. In Dundee, which has hitherto been the centre of the hemp and jute manufactories, the number of unemployed operatives is alarming It would scarcely be credited were" to state at the present time what a large number of mills are closed and the remainder are only running half time. Calcutta is cutting them, out of the market for jute goods manufactured by British machinery, British capital, British over seers, and native operatives. It is talked of as probable that the manufacture of cotton goods will follow in the same direction. Sir William Armstrong is now erecting in Italy a very large factory, fitted up with all the latest engineering devices, so that the Italians will soon become our competitors in shipbuilding and the other, specialities of that firm. The trade of Newcastle has fallen away to such an extent that hundreds of fine steamers are laid up for want of employment, and thousands of families are crying out for bread. ' Mr. Bertram's announcement of Sir W. Armstrong's Italian enterprise is symptomatic of the policy that is being now largely adopted by the enterprising capitalist manufacturer of England. The lower price of labour on the Continent and the protective policy in force there offers so much more profitable a field for their operations that they have in many instances transferred their businesses to the Continent, thus enriching foreign communities and adding to' the number of the unemployed in their native land by underselling the home- made article. Mr. Mundella, one of the champions of the working classes at home, has started hosiery works in Saxony, as offering a better prospect than the embarking of capital in such an enterprise in Leicester- shire. Mr. Porter in his book " Protection and Free-trade To-day" gives some instructive experiences on this point. He was sent as a member of the United States Tariff Commission to Europe to report on the working of the British and Continental fiscal systems, and this is what he says about the former ration of British manufacturers in foreign countries I found shoddy manufacturers from Barby and Dewsbury established at Machin, Prussia; Lancashire and Scottish spinners in Rouen j Leicestershire hosiery manufacturers in Saxony ; Yorkshire wool combing establishments in Rheims ; Dundee jute mills in Dunkergne ; all-wool stuff manufacturers in Roubaix ; English iron and steel mills in Belgium and English woollen mills in Hol- land. Removing English capital to the Continent has secured a profitable home market, while England was near with widely open ports to serve as a dumping ground,' to unload the surplus goods made by foreign labour superintended by English skill. In this way the English markets are swamped and her labour undersold. Let English authenticated the result," continues, Mr. Porter, and then goes on to quote the following from current publications : "During the last twenty years of this century the linen industry of Germany has increased 300 per cent." Mullhall. '' During the last twenty years the linen industry of Great Britain has decreased 40 per cent." nineteenth Century, June, 1883. "During the last ten years the exports of linen yarn from England have decreased steadily every year until they are less than a half of what they were a decade ago." British Statistical Abstracts, 1882 "The shares of the leading flax mills in Germany are 20 and 22 per cent above par. The shares of the ten principal flax mills in Belfast are 58 per cent below par." Nine- teenth Century. With all evidence tending in one direction there is no wonder that Mr. Porter came to the conclusion that England's fiscal policy was designed more for the enrich- ment of foreigners than for the national advantage. Neither the great philosophical founder of free-trade principles, Adam Smith, nor the able writers on the same subject who have followed him, contemplated that their theories would be carried to the extravagant lengths of modern practice, Both Smith and Mill countenance certain retaliatory duties, or, more properly speaking, defensive duties, under certain circumstances. " It may sometimes be a matter for deliberation," says Adam Smith, in his " Wealth of Nations," "how far it is proper to continue the free importation of certain foreign goods, when some foreign nation restrains by high duties or prohibitions the importation of some of our manufactures into their country. There may be good policy in retaliation of this kind when there is a probability that it will procure the repeal of the night duties." This might be thought high sanction for a course that dire necessity strongly; urges upon England to-day. Yet any step in this direction would be regarded by the dominant political party as a proof of unsoundness on the subject of the national fetish worship not to be tolerated for a moment. ! A fair specimen of the sort of intolerance with which the English Press listens to any attempts at reopening _ a controversy, which is regarded as having been definitely settled and done with forty years ago, is afforded by a leader in the Times of 15th May last. On the previous day, in the House of Commons, on going into supply, Mr. Jennings called attention to our fiscal system, and moved a resolution setting out the expediency of raising a larger portion of the revenue from import duties. In support of this he gave numerous extracts from the Board of Trade Returns and the evidence before the Trade Commission to illustrate the falling-off in our principal manufactures and the depression in the most mporant employments, and predicted that when the operatives of this country discovered the reasons for this there would be a i ights-of-labour cry which would astonish statesmen and philosophers. The remedy which he recommended was that import duties should be levied on certain descriptions of fully manufactured foreign goods entering into competition with similar goods of our own make and the revenue so obtained should be applied to the reduction of the duties on tea, coffee, and cocoa, and other burdensome imposts. Sir W. C. Brooks seconded the motion, and Mr. Howell, who had given notice of an amendment that any proposal to revert to the policy of protection is misleading and mischievous in its tendency and opposed to the best interests of the trade and commerce of the country, and injurious to the welfare of the working classes, quoted statistics copiously to connect the increase and decrease of exports and imports with periods of Liberal and Tory rule. Mr. Baumann warned the House that the question was not to be regarded as a closed one and advocated a tit-for-tat tariff arrangement. Mr. S. Smith took a gloomy view of the future, and attributed much of the depression to the unequal distribution of wealth. Mr. A. O'Connor mentioned some facts brought before the Commission on Trade which illustrated the depression of trade and agriculture and Mr. Baker, while admitting the existence of depression, did not believe that the working classes would thereby be diverted from their allegiance to free-trade. Such a proposition would certainly not have alarmed John Stuart Mill It seems only reasonable that where revenue has to be raised through the Custom-house the duties should be so at ranged as to give a preference to the home-made article. England, however, is so terrified at the thought of being led into heterodox courses by listening to any argument of self-interest that she purposely selects for taxation com- modities that cannot be produced at home, such as tea, coffee, cocoa,' tobacco, so that no foreign producer may be hurt by the tax and no home industry benefited. Mill went decidedly further than Mr. Jennings. " A country can not be expected," says he in his "Principles of Political Economy, to renounce the power. of taxing foreigners, unless foreigners will, in return, practise towards itself the 2, same forbearance. The only mode, in which a country can save itself from being a loser by the revenue duties imposed by other countries on its commodities is to impose corresponding revenue duties-on theirs." This should be high authority for Mr. Jennings's reasonable proposal. But the fury of modern political economists has outstripped the zeal of the elder sages. Encouragement to industry in any form is protection, and protection is. the accursed thing, any touch of which is defilement! and pollution. Away with it ! away with it ! On such a topic the Times can comment with no patience. That the seconder of this motion should be a gentleman who forty years ago fought the battle of free trade by the side of Cobden adds the sin of backsliding to the heinousness of heresy. Sir W. C. Brooks apparently discovers that the doctrines so ardently espoused in '46 have led to different results to those contemplated by his eminent friend, and he would now retaliate on some of the rivals whose perversity has upset all those old calcula- tions. But the Times treats him as an antiquated fog. only fit to be jeered at and gibbeted in his dotage. This is the smart manner in which the unfortunate old gentleman is handled :-" A debate on free- trade and protection is one of those hardy plants which are certain to make their appearance in the House of Commons after the political soil has been turned up by the plough of a general election. In the last Parliament the well-known weed of protection flourished bravely for a season. In outward appearance it had undergone a certain modification, and was known as fair trade. In time it withered like its predecessors, and, as we pointed out at the time, the general election made almost a clean sweep of its Parliamentary admirers. It has now reappeared in its original form for the resolution submitted to the House yesterday by Mr. Jennings was, as the Chancellor of the Exchequer said, protection pure and simple. But it is now a very feeble and sickly growth, the mere ghost of its former self. The fair-traders have almost disappeared. They were never a very formidable body, but the House more than once paid them the compliment of treating their arguments with becoming seriousness and discussing them in a full-dress debate Their place seems to have been taken in the present Parliament by a few eccentric Rip Van Winkles, who might have been asleep since the days of Croker, and who even now seem to be only half awake." I may mention that Mr. Jennings is the editor of the Croker correspondence. " It is positively humiliating at this time of day to have to descend to such elementary reasoning as Mr. Jennings's trivial fallacies have compelled us to use. The case of Sir William Brooks is even worse. His ignorance of the principles of international commerce and exchange must we fear, be regarded as invincible! He seems to have fought the battle of free-trade by the side of Cobden without having so much as the faintest conception of what free-trade really is. Cobden, it is true, prophesied that all nations would adopt free-trade in a very few years. He was wrong in prophecy, no doubt ; but he argued the whole question on the ground that, whatever other nations might do, it was the interest of England to adopt free-trade unreservedly. Lord Beaconsfield himself declared many years ago, in his biography of Lord George Bentinck, that the principle established by the legislation of 1886 was that of ' fighting hostile tariffs with free imports and he repeated the statement and accepted it for himself and his party in one of the last debates on the subject which he took part in the House of Lords. The truth is that protection is dead, and it was only its gibbering ghost that made its appearance for a few brief and uneasy moments in the House of Commons yesterday. It is no longer formidable even as a ghost. Mr. Howell exercised it with a handful of orthodox statistics, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer laughed it and chaffed it away. Rest, rest, perturbed spirit !' We trust that we have now seen the last of this attenuated and discredited phantom. Like other disembodied spit its, it talks even more incoherently than its original did in the flesh. It is said that where democracy flourishes there scientific heresies abound ; but yesterday's debate gives no countenance to the proposition. The first democratic Parliament has seen the ghost of protection raised by a man of letters and laid by a working man." Well, from this style of reasoning it is evident that no doctrine but free- trade pure and simple can hope for a hearing in the England of to day. It is no use urging that a nation should be willing to have free-trade only with such nations as will deal with it in the same liberal spirit, and that, when foreigners handicap a nation's exports by heavy duties a resort should be had to the same tactics. The producer is the one man in England whose interests must never be considered. He is the man in the community who is supposed to take care of himself, and requires no coddling from the State. The only person that must be carefully coddled and protected from injury is the consumer. So long as he can buy everything in the cheapest market all must be well, however, much his native industries may languish and wither. But if by bonuses and export bounties foreigners should ultimately succeed in snuffing out one after another every British industry, of what avail will it be to England that her consumers can purchase every imported commodity at a cheaper price than it can be produced at in their own land? However cheap they may be, her imports must become less and less, because she will have less and less available to pay for them. For Great Britain must of course give some raw material or manufacture for everything she buys, as she pro- ducts neither of the precious metals. Well, if she produces less and less of everything how is the cheapness of the foreign article to benefit her 1 For cheapness is purely a relative term. A 4d. loaf is dearer to the man who has only a surplus of 1s. on his day's labour available for expenditure than would be the same loaf at 6d. to one who has a surplus of 2s. The fault of the rabid free-traders seems to me to be that they persist in regarding the whole world as one community, and look upon any injury done to a section of this community for the benefit of their own nation as a wanton in- humanity. But surely a true statesman should regard the advancement of the national interests as more his direct aim than any benefit the sum of humanity may obtain by his permitting those interests to be ruined. If any one were asked who was the first statesman of the world to-day, there can be no doubt whom he would name. Indeed, Prince Bismarck seems so to overtop all other living statesmen that his position may be regarded as absolutely unique in modern history. Richelieu was neither so powerful nor anything like so successful, and Burleigh and Chatham in the very zenith of their power could in no respect be compared with the great German Chancellor. Bismarck has been before all things a successful man that is, he has chosen the end he desired to accomplish ; he has selected his means for compassing that end, and, having done so, he has without fail achieved the task he had set himself. Mr. Arnold, in a late number of the Nineteenth Century, draws a very sensible distinction between victory and success in statesmanship, and cites Gladstone as the hero of party triumphs, who, by masterly Parliamentary manipulation, - passes the measures he desires to pass, which, in the main, fail to attain the result for which they were designed. í Bismarck and Cavour, on the other hand, made no mistakes about the means appropriate to the end sought. Well, Bismarck having created a great and united empire, has for the last fifteen years had leisure to turn his attention to its internal development, to the establishment of manufactures, the fostering of industries, and the expansion of the national commerce. And what are the means adopted by this sagacious and far-seeing statesman, who as yet has never made a mis- take in the choice of his means 1 Why, he selects as his prime instrument the " attenuated and discredited phantom" about which the Times is so scornful. And yet to question Prince Bismarck's sagacity and foresight would surely be as venturesome as to challenge the possession of the same qualities in the late Mr. Cobden. So far Bismarck's policy has had exactly the results he anticipated. In one of a series of articles published in the Times on the un- employed-" Unemployed London," I think they are named ; unfortunately I have been unable to refer to this, not having kept the paper- in this article it was stated that owing to foreign competition, principally German, there were only four or five refineries in London left open, and these were going short time. Some 70,000 work- men, mostly skilled men who had been in receipt of high wages, had been thrown out of employment. English people get their sugar a little cheaper, but the saving is too infinitesimal to each individual to confer any real benefit, and for this trumpery advantage England is content to allow a great industry to collapse. The great German ruler recognises that the producer is worthy of care and encouragement, and we may judge fairly of the effect of this policy from a report made by her Majesty's charge d'affaires at Dresden on the effects of the German Customs tariff. The tariff was raised again in 1879, and Mr. Strachey, having had wide opportunities of observing the effect of the increased imposts, was requested by the British Government to report his experiences. Here is a portion of what he says : " The last report of the secretary of the British Iron Trade Association refers with satisfaction to the growth of the output of pig-iron in the United Kingdom in the interval between 1877 and the close of 1884. The increase has been 25 per cent, which Mr. Jeans calls ' very substantial progress. The German ironmasters would scorn such mild development, for the similar increase in the Empire within these dates has been nearly 70 per cent an advance unexampled except in the still greater strides made in the United States. " ' In every class of article manufactured in Sheffield there is serious competition on the part of the Germans. This is growing up very rapidly. .... The ironmasters have been undeniably helped and protection, far from causing them to slumber on their successes, has stimulated them to take advantage of the newest and most approved constructive and metallurgical methods. My gununa sumnvxrum is, that plain facts flatly contradict the assertion that freetraders that iron and steel have been injured by the reformed tariff.' , "The arithmetic of the production and foreign wool trade of Germany shows small figures compared to those of England (the exports being £9,000,000 against £24,000,000) ; but while our quantities are declining, the corresponding German figures are growing. The Germans have been driving foreign woollens out of their home market, and are now formidable competitors to France and ourselves abroad. German tablecloths go everywhere, this article embroidered being largely bought by England. " If it be asked what signs there are in Germany of that incipient free-trade reaction which some of our politicians contrive to discern on the Continent of Europe, especially in the particular countries most wedded to protection, there can be no hesitation in replying that there are none. " The political constellations of the Empire, the highest personal influences, the most powerful industrial and commercial forces, some of the principal Press energies, all are on the side of the existing system. The belief is widely diffused that the tariff reform of 1879 saved Germany from a great ruin, and that that empire is now on the road to industrial greatness, perhaps to the succession of that hegemony which Great Britain, it is thought, now with difficulty holds in her hands. Protection is in the national air, and it will not be dissipated by foreign arguments, however accurately de- duced from the axioms of scientific doctrine. " Nothing indicates that the burden of protection laid on the population is oppressive, that national impoverishment is in process, or that saving and accumulation have been arrested. On the contrary, the imperial and local revenue receipts, the estimates of property liable to income tax, and similar State and municipal returns, are symptomatic of fair public prosperity." Spain offers an instructive example of the corrective effects of retaliation in her past dealings with other nations, as also of the long-suffering of free-trade England, who can see no injustice in hostile tariffs, and will submit to anything rather than resort to fiscal' retaliation. As a return for admitting Spanish goods free Spain admits the goods of France and Germany at rates of duty' so much under those demanded from England that it is often found advantageous to send the goods of the latter country to Spain via France. Re- member that Adam Smith says that retalia- tion may be good policy when there is a prospect of procuring the repeal of high duties by it. France tried it successfully before she was admitted to the most favoured nation clause in common with Germany, Belgium, and Austria. She raised her duties on Spanish wines, and was at once admitted into the fraternity. England constitutes more of Spanish wines than all other Continental nations put together, and 120 times more than France, and yet she submits to imposts on all her goods sent to Spain of from 25 to 150 per cent in excess of that charged on the produce of other countries. The result is what could only have been anticipated. In the nine years since 1873 the increase in the import of German goods into Spain has been enormous, the value of such imports in 1873 being only £178,000, whereas in 1882 the value had risen to £3,275,000. The French imports have increased from four millions to nine millions, whilst the British have decreased from eight millions to six millions. I should like to see 100 per cent duty put on Spanish wines, and Australian admitted duty free. Surely there is something in the adage that blood is stronger than water, and we might expect to be put by the mother-country on a more advantageous footing than that enjoyed by aliens in race, in interests, and in sympathy. ? . Already I fear I have imposed an undue burden upon your attention, and yet, so big is the subject, that in this paper I have barely more than touched upon it. Visitors to the Indian and Colonial Exhibition must be struck with the immensity of the resources of our splendid and gigantic Empire. I wonder if any statesman who visits those various courts and examines the multifarious exhibits products of every clime, foods and fabrics and minerals and manufactures of every kind thinks sadly what a grand opportunity has been lost, or, if not for ever lost, remains, so far, availed of All these products have been wrought by the labour of the subjects of one Empire. And yet British statesmen have been content to allow these subject millions to split themselves up into little communities, each hedged round with its own fiscal barriers How different might have been the Empire to-day how much greater its prosperity and content-had Sir Robert Peel when he became a convert to free-trade seen the magnificent future that was offered by limit- ing the practice of the new policy to the Empire alone. Free-trade between England and her colonies, and the outside world shut out by hostile tariffs, seems at this time almost a dream of the impossible. The difficulties and jealousies in the way of a Customs union make one almost despair of such a consummation. But should any statesman succeed in achieving this he will have earned a brighter and more enduring fame than any Englishman who has yet lived. 