j ? - t; ?'? '- . ? ... 'Jfheanaite-to SfiTOrtonvrKtocli iave-hitberto lett.Adel*idejthreelaBaefe'a»weebv willib. fufctrBe be sent«nly fcsmea'week»namdy; onMond&ys; andiEridays.. : ' The Rev. R. Hlayward1, mcumbaMt1 t-f ML Sonls' GhtttcH, Bast Ad«aid«S aud LSt; Aldan's, Marden, ha8Te5igned',taesfe chatges-, having accepted an appomtnaent in the diocesB ofBallarat. Sir Arthur Blyth (Agent-General) has been appointed the delfigateto'represent -the colony at the convention to be held at Paris daring next May to consider the queStionof protecting the submarine telegraph-cables. Mr. E. J. Woods, whose' position as Archi tect'in-Chief expires at the end- of -June next/ has' been appointed -by the Oovewwneiit as arcfaJteotforthe-newParliameHttniildiiigSj^or , which he* is- to receive 2 percent. comniisBion. I Among the passengers by the H.M.S. i Suttej, which arrived from London via Albany ' on Saturday, was Major Gordon, of the Perma nent Force, who has been away on leave of : absence in Western Australia for the last few weeks. { At a meeting of the shareholders of the South Australian Gas Company,, held' at the Exchange: Arbitration-room.; Pine- street,- on Friday week, Messrs. A. M. Simpson and ' B. Barr Smith were elected directors, vice tie : Hon.,A.,Hav. M.E.C.. and Hon. S. Tomkin son, M.LiC, resigned. ~ j Mr. H. Marshall, of Angaston, has presented : a beautiful specimen of the Eaptectella, or Venus Flower Basket sponge, to the Port Adelaide Museum, and a unique model of a Chinisse war-junk, the gift of Mr. E. Ls- i Messurier, has been added to the collection j of craft in the institution. The contemplated Parliamentary visit to : the forest reserves at Bundaieer and Wirrabara ; has been postponed. We understand, how- : ever, that on April 8 the -Minister of Educa- { tion and various members of Parliament will ] leave Adelaide for the reserves, over which ! they will be conducted by Mr. J. Ednie ] Brown (Conservator of Forests). During the week that ended Saturday, March 27, the exodus of passengers -from Port Adelaide by sea exceeded the influx by 228. The departures numbered 491, of whom 359 went to Melbourne, 77 tb London^ 41 to Sydney, 12 to Caps Town, and 1 each to St. Helena and Tasmania. Of the 263 arrivals, 258 came from Melbourne,, 4 from Tasmania, and 1 from Batavia. ? Messrs.- Duncan & 'Fraser have just com' pleted' at their, carriage works,; Kilkenny, a number of royal, mail-carts for the city and suburban postal service. These have been built to the order of Messrs. C. Smith & Go,, mail contractors -and livery-stablekeepera, Piriestreet, and, are vfiry strong and- ser viceable vehicles, with various improvements on the old type of mail- cart A short time back Mr. J. H. Bagster, M.P., presented a memorial to the Minister- of Edu cation from some of the residents in the district interested asking that the mail service between Wasleys and Mallala- might not be discontinued- as proposed. He has now re ceiveda reply from the Minister stating that the wish of the 'memorialists has been acceeded to, and: a tender for the continuation of the service had been-^igned. Some of the men emDloyedby Messrs. Mander Brothers, contractors' for, filling in the earth - at the site of the Exhibition, having struck i work in consequence of irregularity in payment j of wages, the contract has been taken up by : Messrs. Candler & McNamee, the nest, lowest i tenderers, who will, carry out the remainder of the work' of excavating the earth at the ; rear of Government House and oaiting it to the -. Bite of the Exhibition Boilding. i The following document, enclosed in a botile ' was picked up on Slealord Beach, near Port : Lincoln, between the Slufi and the: Old , 'Fisheryj by Mr. W. Boyd, on March 7:— 'Ship Greta, of Liverpool; barque Isle oS Anglesea in company; steering south. Lat, - 36° 32' Sfj all well;- long, 136° 30' E. February 4, 1886. P.S.— H pioked up please report, as this is to tell how tie current runs -along Kangaroo Island.— W. D. Cassady, Master.' In the .final instalment of the results of the ? examinations lately, held at. the Melbourne : University the name of M!r. W. F. Hopkins, B, A,, son of the Rev. W. Hopkins, of this city, ? is given. Mr. Hopkins has just finished two ? . eaiaof the jfive. years' course. requisite for & '? medical 'degree. He entered the -Melbourne University last year, as & graduate, and is the first,. we believe, from the Adelaide University . whose degree in arts has been recognised' in tie former seat of learning.: . :? . j Infotmatitm; w^ceceived i»y- liB'v Tero*is ! rpoh*ee on Wednesday week -sayB- the'looal paper) tbatamasxkaxeed'.DaiaeliBeaxdo]i;had cut his throat at Nackata. He was employed by Mr. Cole, theranger, a few days before as cook: for a; rabbit party, and prepared the jweakfast ioi the^party all right on. Wednesday -mormog,, but seemed out of' spirits. At II «'clock lie was found' in- tha but in a pool of Mood with his throat cut, the razor with -which thedeed-was committed lying alongside him. A very severe accident, occurred, to Mrs. Ann -Uatt, tne wife ot Jfercy, iJaif, a wood carter, of Hensington, on Tuesday morning. While droBsmg-thatEam-line in- Regent-street, Kensington, at about quarter past 11, she was Knocked-downliby' bne^ of tha horses of a tram car, which passBd over her, breaking one leg below the- £nee- -and, severely injuring the other. i Shfr -was conveyed to the Adelaide ] Hospital, where- fihe received' medical atten- j tion. On Tuesday-afternoon At a Cabinet meeting i it was resolTsed,4ji accordance with the Gold ; Mining, Act passed last session, to grant the following amounts', for the assistance of the : companies named i — Bird-in-Hand Gold Mining- Company, £1,000; ISew Alma and : Victoria Gold Mining Company, £1,000; and '? the Gumeracha Xxold. Mining Syndicate, £50. ; These subsidies will beta charge on the mines: ?at the irate of £0 per cent, on the dividends .paid to shareholders, A correspondent writes on March SI:— 'While fishing in- company with Mr. O. Wil liams at Brown Point -between Port Rickaby ^ind Minlacowie jetty), my companion was in ! the act of taking the net round for a sweep, when about 12 yards out, in 4 feet of -water, -he saw a shark, coming towards him. He instantly retreated to some adjacent rocks. ', The shark came up close and forced his way into the net -from the back, and after some difficulty we secured -him. The fish proved to be a tiger shark 6 feet £ inches in length.' The following cases-are set down for trial at the-- Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court which commence April 7:— Francis Ratter Pain, alias Erskine, larceny ; Thomas David Cluckie, housebreaking ; Francis Jolly, false pretences; Oswald Patter, burglary; Ernest Learoyd, embezzlement ; George . Lanan, false pretences; Julian- Edmond Woods,: false pre tences ;' Alexander Crooks, embezzlement ; Alexander Mackenzie Wilson, embezzlement ; John, Brew and Sunney Brew, larceny ; James jmiis, aneepazemuig ,; ana ooaa wfucecrosa : Lyall, embezzlement. ? Mr. Stuart Cumberland handed to Dr. Allan Campbell last week the sum of £14 5s. as his donation {arising out of his : seance) to the '.Children's Hospital. Mr. Cumberland, in company with Dr. Campbell, ' went over the hospital, and was exceedingly ; well pleased with all that he saw' there. In his opinion he has never come across in any country a hospital possessing so charming a ' site, and where the inside arrangements are so ' perfect. The good work done by the insti tution should, he thinks, so appeal to the public as never to leave it short of funds. The erection of the west wing of the new Parliament Buildings is being satisfactorily proceeded with by the contractors, Messrs. J. Shaw & Co. There are forty men employed on the works, twenty of whom are marble dressers. An ample supply of marble is regu larly received from the Kapunda quarries, forty tons, including several very fine blocks, having been delivered during the last ten days. Mr. D; Williams, who 'superintended ; the erection -of the Bank of South Australia, the National Bank, and many other public build- ' ings, has-been appointed overseer of works. In replying to the deputation which waited ;upon him on Friday week, the Attorney General said that the Government had: received a report from Mr. Culcheth rela tive to the Barossa water scheme. Mr. ' Culcheth, we axe informed, suggests a .modification of the original scheme, and that the water should be conveyed to the Hope Valley reservoir. That in his opinion would be. the. most economical plan, and he estimates that the cost of the work would not exceed £350,000. It will be remembered that the estimated cost of the scheme proposed by the Government last session was £750,000. At the. annual meeting of the Patent 'Victoria Hydraulic Freestone Company of South Aus tralia, held on Wednesday morning at Way mouth -street, there were about 12,100 shares represented; and the Hon. J. Hodgkiss presided. The business was merely routine. Messrs. Anderson and.Garlick were, re-elected directors, and it was decided to appoint only one auditor for the. present, Mr.' Stoddart being elected: With -regard to tie lease, which would be liable to forfeiture in a short time for ; the non-wprking of the manufacture, the; chairman {who is' the landlord) kindly volun- ' teered to extend the time for twelve months. . ? The half-yearly .meeting of the shareholders ; in the Hills, Lwd and investment Company, was held- at,Ktheir office, Waymouth-stoeet, on, 'Wednesday, .afternoon, , the, Hon. J* Carx pre- ; siding, Im «u«'ing 4&e; adoption of , lie report ; «ad balaneerehefit{wt)ich weiiavetaHceady.pub- '? (JUh^flJhe ^Bg*fl*|ilated the -8hareh61derBitaftt j their properties. ha£ not suffiered so muchfsom the general depreciation as others not so favor ably Bitua'ted. The motion wayseconded by Mr. Wilson, and carriei!'.. ; The remuneration of iSife auditors -waB -fised; -alifas ; guuiess per half-yekrly. audit; As IMr^ W.1 ft. Phiflip3 e'xpr&sed;'a desire to tetira ?from.^thepbation of auditor, the1 6Srecfors*«rf'recbimmended to appoiiat Mr. H. P. Wilson an'His^jilace. ; The follbwing probates and hrttera of admin istr&tion;' were granted during theweek ended Saturday, March 27i— Jas. Repper, of tie hundred of JBooleroo,. £485; J. Ai Sagar,; of Aldinga,JE50;Editi Evans, of Eent'Iown, £3,222; Thomas Handle, of WalkerviUe^ £1,150 ; Pat Qnannessy, of Maceksfield, £200; E. W. Mereditfaj of Leominster, H«»ford, England, £3i660;H. Ii. Vos^ of Adelaide, £108,«60-, K. Ward,,of Eedruth, £1,760. Ex emplification of probate (iEngland)—Sir R. R. Torrens, of Hannaford, . county Devon, £100^ Letters of administratioii— Win; Roberts, o£ near Two WelJs, £100; Margaret 'fclulcahy, of North Adelaide, £65; Wm. Auckland, of fulpara, £35. Limited probate— Elieabeth AnnParr, of North Adelaide, £1,350. A well-attended publib meetang was held on ?JChursday, 'March 25, at the Bald- Hill .Dam, hundred of Parnaroo, to consider what should be done to get the' water as before free of charge! Mr. A. 'Rohde presided,- and pointed out the hardship caused to the selectors by the , full rate for water charged. . Mr. 'F, Schwartz ] said the Commissioner should not have put the dam under control ot st person w&o; couldcbarge for water in hard-times such- as they were ex periencing at present, for in that lboali^i they i only' had one good'erop out ot four. He pro- ? posed— 'That the dam should be put under the care and control of three trustees.' This was carried, and Miessrs. G. Growhurst, F. Schwartz, and J. Burford were nominated for the positions. j On Friday week works at the Dry Creek re- j clamation operations 'were measured up for the | week, which wasiconsidered-a test-week as to whether or not tie rate of 7d. a yard was sufficient for the men to make wages. The result may be considered to be eminently satis factory, taking into account -that the work is only provided as relief. Gangs of from three to six men who; worked th« whole week -have averaged about 6s. per day for each man, and I in isolated instances .-even mote than this has been made ; but of course the men were the most capable piek-and-sbxwel hands, and they worked hard. The Gonserrator of Water does not expect to hear any more about the Jd. a yard, and feels sure the men .are now satisfied with tie offer. Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Tuesday night two brick houses in Margaret-terrace, Rose water, belonging to the Bank of [South Aus tralia, and occupied- by families named Manning and Godfrey, had a narrow- escape from being destroyed by fire. Flames were first noticed issuing from- the kitchen at the rear of Manning's house, and' as the material used in its erection was perfectly dry they soon had' a good hold on the structure. The alarm rapidly spread, and the Port Adelaide police and a fire-reel f romthePort were quickly on the epot. Several neighbors had, however, worked hard to extinguish the flames, and the services of the reel were not required, the fire being nearly out when it arrived. Over £50 worth of damage has been done, but the buildings were insured for £350. Messrs, J. Moule, M.P., and A. Tennant, M.P., having brought under the notice of the Minister of Education a request received from the Port Darwin Tin Company, Northern T-erritory, askingfor the abolition of duty on machinery used for mining purposes and in tie manufacture of sugar, have received a reply from the Minister to the following effect: — That if it is found such machinery cannot be made in South Australia, he sees no reason advanced in favor of its free admission into wie ±\ urioieni xerriuiry, wiuuu wuuiu uui- equally apply to its free importation into 'South Australia -propeir — it being eoually desirable to offer, faculties for all forms of mining: in both places ; and if it can be made here the duty is most properly imposed,- and the company's request cannot be acceded to. We have received from the Government printer Part 7 of ' The Fore3t Flora of South Australia,' by J. 13. Brown, F. L.S. (Conservator ofForeets). The number contains colored litho graphs; and descriptions of the following plants :{ — Acacia sralleriana (long ilower stalked wattle), : Eucalyptus viminaSs (manna, gum), ? Erempphila oppositrifolia ? {opposite leaved' 'Eremojphiia), [Eucalyptus hemiphloia {box gum), and Eremophila altfernif olia (aiter 'nate-leaved Eremophila}., All these plants are represented with the greatest .aocuraey.and in the highest Btyle of lithographic art.- Tie 'very^uperioT exytllbilCb pf ~&lb; Forest Flora 'has* always -attracted- admiraitiion as each pairt ?appearedi Previous Bumbers could not very .welll-be. imprti-p-pri nprm1 and' it is therefore )snffici£Bt^toaayiaiespactof;Part7 tfaatit is in-evwy -way as good as its predecessors. little boy,1 named :Edwin'JHead, eon of Samuel Mead, clerk, who .died- on Friday, March ?26j; 'as the supposed result* of- drinking 4pirits. of sake 'left by some workmen .-on the window-sill of deceased's father's house, was held*y the, actiag«ity coroner at ; -the Tanners' Arms- Hotel, Bowden, on- the ; following day. The evidence showed that the j cause of death was as supposed, and the jury returned' a verdict to that effect. The jury also asked the. coroner, to censure the em- : ployer -(Mr. S. Smith) of the workmen for ; nothayijQg-a bottle containing such a quantity j .of .spirits of . salts property labelled 'poison,' ' and' also the plumber, Harry Bossell, who , ordered a boy named Gobbledick to put the : bottle into a box, for not seeing that his order was obeyed.. The two-men alluded to were accordingly called in and censured by Mr. Williams. The heartyreception of LordCarrington in ; Sydney has occasioned the following in London ' Truth .?—!?' ^The 'sbciety5 of Sydney has been [ distracted by the arrival of a. Governor who is | not enly : ' a man of fashion and fortune,' but ] also *a favored friend -of the Prince and Prin- : cess of Wales.' Nothing can be more ludicrous ; than the grovelling sycophancy and abject ! adulation which most of the wealthy snobs of : £he place have displayed towards Lord and I Lady Carrirjgton, who. have been pestered ' almost beyond bearing by their feverish atten- ' tions. The. new Governor and his wife are - likely to be great successes from the social point ,: of view, and in this respect they will be a de- ,' elded contrast to Lord Augustus Loftu3, who ; was sent to Australia only in order that he ?might -have -an -opportunity of saving money to ; recoup himself for his- outlay when he was ? ambassador at St Petersburg.' ' j The Hon. Graham Berry, withhis'f amily, was ! a passenger for London by the R.M.S. Rome, , which arrived at Glenelg from Melbourne on Saturday. A special carriage was sent down i from Adelaide for his accommodation, and he . came -ashore -soon after breakfast. Afterwards Mr. Berry proceeded to the Chief Secretary's office, where he was introduced to the various members of the Ministry. In the afternoon he , was entertained at luncheon at Parliament - House by the Hon. J. C. Bray (Chief Secretary), when there were present between fifty and sixty gentlemen, including His Excellency the Gover nor. Mr. Berry replied to the toast of ; his health in an eloquent speech, in which he : referred to the depression now existing in Sonth Australia, and expressed his belief and , hope that in .the course of a few months it : would have passed away. A number of gentle- ' men accompanied Mr. Barry to the mail : steamer and bade him farewell. ; The Government geologist returned to ! Adelaide last week after an absence of , abont a fortnight, during which time he has ; been inspecting .-'the country near Franklin: Harbor in the hundreds of Mangala, Miltalie, Minbrie, Playford, Hawker, Mann, Yadnarie, and Boothby, where silver lead is re ported to have been discovered.* He also tra velled from Franklin Harbor to Port Lincoln, [ and saw the work which is being carried out by the prospecting party of three in the hun died of Koppio. These men, it is stated, have found the color of gold, but owing to the country being very dry their operations have been greatly retarded. Cowell, Franklin Harbor, boasts a rather pretentious hotel, and settlement is gradually 'taking place on the ranges, where there is some pretty good land. The geologist will send in a report to the Com missioner of Crown Lands, who is expected to return from his visit to the rabbit camps on the. weat coast on April 2. A public meeting was held in the Institute Hall, Freeling, on Saturday to consider the ? advisability of agitating for some means of pro- I curing water. Mr. F. Heinrich presided. A ] resolution was passed in favor of asking Mr. \ Moody, M.P. for the district, to introduce a deputation of the residents to the Commis sioner of Crown Lands asking the Government to bore for water in or near Freeling. Several gentlemen present agreed to guarantee the Government 5 per cent, of the expenses in curred in sinking an artesian well. It was pointed out that the want of -water was greatly felt inthe tbwnship, the residents having to cart it some miles. Three or four years ago the Government gunk a dam, bnt in such a position that it required a very heavy fall_ of rain for any water to run into it, and during- the dry season, as at present, the dam was, as every thing else around— very dry. The gfuera1 opinion was that good fresh water could ba procured at no very great depth. An inquest was held on Tuesday afternoon, March 30, to enquire into the origin of the fire that occurred early on Sunday morning, March 7, on the farm of Mr. George Noble, near Bungaree, when two stacks of hay and out- , buildings were totally destroyed. Mr. C. Kimber acted as coroner, and Mr. \V. Kelly was chosen foreman of the jury. - The enqniry was conducted on Mr. Noble's ' farm. A mass o£ evidence was given, but there i was nothing to show bow. the -fire originated, i The work, however, appeared to be that of an ] incendiary, as tracks of a man were traced ! going to and from the scene of eanflagratian, ' and a. female witness alleged that she was awoke early on Sunday morning: by a horae galloping by her house on the Bungaree Estate about two miles from -Mr, 'NobleV property. Near the stacks were found naif a stick of tobacco 'and half a flat* of brandyi The jury tetumedihe following verdicti'' The jnry is ef opmiqurthat the stacks of hay were wiif ally set- on rfire by some person- or persons. nn' *^nbym.'. . . . Tlie f brtnightiy. meeting of the committee oft the '.South Australian Land Nationalisation Society was held at the Kapunda Institute on 3'Hursday, March 25. Mr. P. M. GlynnpresHlfeff over* -a fall attendance. The secretary, re-? porteftihie ihad received^ letter from the Ade- laide^ Working Men's Political Association asMn'g.the society to send representatives to flia iueetiiig of lie unemployed held in Adelal'le' on I'ndBy evening, and explained'wia't ^i notice was so short as to preclude tie mwaH tion being&cted; upon. An enflrasiastac anonjf mous supporter of tie principles of the soeiety eent another donation of £1 8s. 6d. tpthefnndsi. and one new member was enrolled. Reports of the result of the conference held in Adfr laide were submitted and arrangements made for issuing the petitions for signature as agreed to at tie conference. To enable this to ba done without entrenching on next year's «ub^ Ecriptions, it was decided to make a levy, of 10s. per member, it being understood thatthosa not in a position to contribute this amount should give what they are able. 'Referring to their new roller-mill which they have just started, Messrs. J. Donn & Co, iti their trade circular dated March 29 write — ? ' We may here mention our reasons for not taking Ugthe roller system earlier. We per^ sonaUy visited the best Austrian and Hun garian roller n'Hs some time before America and England had thoroughly tried the new process. After carefully examining those mills we observed there was a great lack of automatic appliances, and we were convinced that great changes would ere lbng_ be made in simplifying the cumbersome machinery used by the Hun garians. Many improvements on their system Save been introduced into the American mills, which, to some extent, have been followed np by the English. Most of these improve ments we have criticised by- personal inspec tion in various parts of the world where the best roller ttijIIr are now working, and are of opinion America has reached the climax in this re spect, and, therefore, h&ve; selected our machinery from American mill furnishers. Hence we flatter- ourselves we have a roller mill to-day which is equal to any in the world cf the same capacity.' A singular temporary recovery from the loss of the power of speech is thus reported in the South-Eastern Star of March 30 :— ' Last week Mr. Peter Wiseman, an employe at Mr. Childs's boot palace, found after his recovery from a fit that he had lost the power of speech. Mr. W. Dodge, watchmaker, of Millicent, heard of it, and expressed his belief that he could aid the man in recovering his speech ; so on Saturday morning Wiseman, accompanied by Mr. W. K. Glass, journeyed to HiUicent and placed himself under Mr. Dodge, who brought the health-healing process to bear upon the neck and back of his patient, after -which he requested him to take a walk. Oa his return he was requested to sit down a while in the parlor, and during the time he was waiting Mr. Glass, who was with him, said, ' I feel drowsy, Peter, do you?' 'Yes, I do a little,' replied Wiseman; and so overjoyed was he at tie return of his voice that he sprang from his chair in great- excitement, but all subsequent efforts at articulation were vain. Wiseman then returned to Mount Gambler, but will probably pay Mr. Dodge another visit during the current week.' An enquiry was held by Mr. R. Perkins at Ivackra on Thursday, March 25, respecting the death of Denis Reardon, who was found dead near Nackia with his throat cut on the pre vious Wednesday. It appeax-ed that deceased, who was cook at Cain's rabbit party, where he had only been engaged three days, had lately told persons that he was 56 years old, had been working at the Barratta station, and had visited Morgan -recently, where he had been drinking heavily. Shortly before his deatb he appeared in low spirits, and complained of pain at his heart. On Thursday he was discovered in his tent lying partly in his bunk with his head and shoulders leaning over the side and. his hands resting on the ground in a mass of dried blood, in which a razor was also lying'. There was a gash in the front of his throat about four inches long and nearly three inches deep. There was no other mark of violence visible on the body; The tent looked orderly, and there were no signs of a struggle having taken place. On the body and clothes of de ceased -were found no money or papers. A certificate was given, and the body was buried near the spot where it was found. We have inspected at the studio of Mr. A. MacCormac, the artist, a life-size portrait o£ the late Mr. Robert Fotheringham, the picture being a commission from the residents of Kapunda, who intend placing the portrait in be local institute as a mark of their esteem for the deceased gentleman, whose many virtues and kindly qualities will long be remembered by them. Mr. MacCormac has fulfilled his taslc in a conscientious and painstaking manner, the result being a picture of which the people of Kapunda will be deservedly proud. Several capable critics who were inti mate with the deceased have pro- nounced it to be a speaking likeness. Mr. Fotheringham is represented as seated in an easy manner, with one elbow resting on the round back of a chair. The face wears the smiling expression that was habitual to the subject in his best-known moods, the eyes have a twinkle in them, and the features on the whole are of a strikingly life like cha racter. The flesh tints are remarkably good, and the tone of the background and accessories set off the figure to advantage. This is one of the best pictures which the artist has yet pro duced. It is handsomely framed, and bears a -suitable inscription. ? Some few months ago Messrs. Donaghy and Sons, rope manufacturers, of Geelong, 'Vic- toria, finding that under the new tariff it would be more to their advantage to manufacture rope in this colony than to ship it from Gee long,' decided to erect a factory here, and pur chased a large piece of land at Qaeenstown for that purpose. No further steps for the time Iteing were taken, but on Monday last the work of levelling the ground and excavat ing' ready ' for the foundations of the building was commenced. The site chosen for the factory is in the western part of Qaeens town not a great distance from the boiling down workp. A portion of the ground is rather low-lying and in the rainy season inundated, and although it is intended to fill this up to the level of the higher parts, some difficulty may be 'experienced in keeping the land free from the water which drains from the upper part of the district. The rope walk will be 974 feet in length, and at the northern end a machine-room of brick with a durable foundation of stone and concrete is to be erected. The contractor is Mr. Alfred Fair, and the architects Messrs. English & Sqward. The work is to be completed about the beginning of May, and the manufacture of rope com menced as soon after as practicable. At 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, March 24 (saye the Mount Barker Courier), Mr. John Reed, who has bad the oversight of the rail way works between Nairne and the Victorian border ever since their commencement, drove home the fastening of the last rail of the line. Between Nairne and the Murray Bridge com munication has been open for some months, and it is now several weeks since the desert line was completed. Messrs. Millar Bros, left the fourteen miles of platelaying from Tailem Bend to the eastern side of Murray Bridge until they could work it with sleepers and ballast from the Border Town end, and now that work is brought to a satisfactory conclusion. There is, consequently, a clear run from Adelaide to the Victorian border, and, before tie end of the year, the missing link between this point and Dimboola will ba supplied, and communication with Melbourne will.be an accomplished fact.. There are yet some finishing touches to be given to the com pleted line, and it is not the intention of the department to begin passenger and goods traffic until May 1. There was no otucial ceremony in connection with last Wednesday's proceedings, but Mr. Henry Robinson, of the firm of Robinson & Haig, remembered the platelayers and other workmen engaged on tha line to the extent of 36 gallons of beer. The total length of the railway between Adelaide and the Victorian border is just short of 200 miles. Mr. John McLaren addressed a meeting consisting of -about two or three hundred persons in Victoria-square on Tuesday evening. It was announced that the address was to be relative to the benefits of protection, and Mr. McLaren treated chit fly ofthe fiscal policies of Victoria and New South Wales. Protection, it was represented, was of benefit to the whole, community. It did not injure the consumers, but rather aided them, whilst so far as pro viding work was concerned it had no parallel. We were importing goods which ought to 'fte manufactured'.here, and what was necessary was that we should have more faith in our selves. Special reference, was .made to the action of Sir Thomas Elder, who had had all the furniture for .his house at Mount Lofty, manufactured in the colony. At the close of Mr. McLaren's address some amusement was caused by tie actions of an evidently ineb riated individual, .who, according to his own statement, . had been on tie relief works at Dry Creek, and, had no desire to revMt that scene of labor. This person wished to have certain testimonials in his possession read out, but as the task appeared to, be of somewhat a tedious nature, the meeting began to disperse. Hereupon Mr. McLaren invited all present to enrol themselves as members of a protection league, and proceeded to take the names ot such as were willing to join. A committee or. twelve was appointed, who it is understood wui draw up a programme to be submitted to a future meeting. A deputation consisting of Messrs. Burgoynia, Tennant, and Moule, M.P.'s, W.T. Penw {mayor at Port Augusta), and W^ I;£goH* waited uponthe OommisBioner of Public 'Woflni on Monday with reference to tne northern ?railway 'time-table. The deputation asked that the train froro?ort Augusta to .Adelaide, which starts at present at 6 a.m., might start at plater hour. \ It was pointed oat that there , ?mete many delayB along 'the line which might be dispensed with, and that the public had also great difficulty in obtaining refreshment. The deputation asked that the old time-table, which suited every one, might be brought into nEe Again, and ' stated ' that they thought this could be done without ex±ra_ expense. . The Commissioner,, in reply, -said it was im possible in the present state of things to xon a purely passenger train. ' Owing to the inshffi cient traffic they would, however, be able to cnt down the stoppages at the various stations so as to save about half or three-quarters of an hour. If next harvest was good he hoped there would be sufficient work for a passenger tram as well as one for goods. As far as the brake-vans oh material trains were concerned, he would be happy to give instructions so as to carry out their wishes with regard to pas senger traffic. The Traffic Manager (Mr. Pehdleton) said it was impossible to run a mixed train to time whenithad to do shunt ing work, for which a snfficientamount of tune : should be left. He would be willing to fix- ' pedite the speed of trains if he had instrxuc- ' tions to do so from the Commissioner, but according to the report of the Parliamentary Commission on railways, a mixed train was not to run, over twenty miles .an hone The Com missioner promised to do anything he could in the arrangement of details to meet the . wishes of the deputation. A daring Bate robbery, perpetrated at, Tantram's Hotel, Silverton,*on Friday night, March 19, is thus reported in the Stiver Age :— 'It appears that Mr. Webl, the manager, locked np the safe at the usual hour and - retired to rest, the key being left on a ring with others and placed in the pocket of his trousers, which were thrown on the bed. In the morning, shortly after the coach was dis patched, the barman asked Mr. Wehl for some change, and on going to the safe he noticed that the key was missing from the ring, having evidently been removed there: bum during the night. The duplicate key was by some strange oversight left in the safe, bo ;* that before it could' be ascertained ?whether a robbery had been committed it was necessary either to obtain another key or ' break open the safe. A telegram was sent to Adelaide to learn whether a third key was procurable, and on learning . that it was not the only other alternative was. adopted, and the safe broken open. This was a difficult task, however, and it was not tfll Sunday at soon that an entry was effected, when it was found that a .sum ? of about .£50, in notes, gold, and silver, was missing. Cheques were untouched, and about 16s. in -threepenny pieces and sixpences ?were also left. The theft was a daring one, the perpetrator having evi dently entered Mr. Weld's -bedroom, taken the bunch of keys from that gentleman's trousers pocket, removed the. safe key, .and ' replaced the others, where they were found as usual in the morning by the owner. Neither Mr, Wehl nor Mr. McBryde, who is the other occupant of the room, heard any noise during the night, which proves that the robber is .a anaster in his art, and conducted his operations with considerable skill. The police nave-their suspicions of course, and S3 has Mr. Wehl, but nothing sufficient at present to warrant an arrest being made.' An enquiry into the cause of the death of Thomas Edge, who was found dead on Tues day afternoon, March SO, in a bath full of water -belonging to an unoccupied house, 'his own property, in Cairns-street, off Hutt street, was held by the acting city coroner at the Arab Steed Hotel on the follow ing-day. From the evidence called it appeals that deceased, who had been missing since the previous day, -was found by his wife and a neighbor at the time and place mentioned. The police and coroner were immediately informed of the occurrence. Mrs. Edge stated that her husband, who was crippled and almost blind, bad -lately been at times out of 3ns tnind; -anti had suffered -greatly from -depression of spirits, the latter induced parfly by the dulness of the tames, although deceased himself -was in fairly good circumstances. -He had pressed her very much to read him the newspaper report ©f the inquest with regard tooths recent suicide at North Adelaide, and at last, against her will, she had read -him a portion. About «ix weeks ago witness had thrown' into -the fire some opium ' which had been kept in the bouse for forty years,, and she had obtained none since. Dr. Giles said that after «xamiidng-±hebody he had found that all appearances indicated that the cause of death was drowning. If ^deceased had accidentally fallen into the bath he could have scrambled oat, or at least have stood on ibis .feet,. Other witnesses, however, differed from the doctor in his opinion on this point. P.O. Arthur deposed to having found a piece of paper, having written on it ' opium— poison,' in; one of the pockets of deceased's clothes. The - jury returned a verdict -that the deceased came to his death by drowning in a bath, but there is no. evidence to show-how he got there. The -jury also asked the coroner to censure - Win. Edge, one of the witnesses, ior ' the unsatisfactory way in which he gave his - evidence. Edge was accordingly called in and censured bythe «oroner. The half-yearly meeting of the Imperial Permanent Building and Investment Society was held at the society's office, Waymouth street, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of -shareholders, and the acting chairman (Mr. A. S. Deranish) presided. The secretary CMr.H. James) presented the balance-sheet, which showed receipts (includ ing investments, £4,916 Is. 7d^ subscriptions, rent, and redemptions, £7,972 7s.Sd.)=£lS,60S 6s. 3d. Expenditure {including purchased, withdrawn, and matured shares, £11,535 18s. Id.), £15,259 4s. lOd., leaving a balance in the bank of £3,349 Is. 3d. The profit and .loss account showed a total of £2,361 ULs. lid., of which amount £1,899 4s, od. had been appor tioned as the forty-second dividend, -leaving a balance of £26 19s. Id. The reserve fund stood at £224 15s. 2d,, .and the assets. of the society .at £38,246 9s. 6d,, including £32,850 5s. 4d. due npon £51,505 ad vanced on shares and freehold and leasehold security, exclusive .of rent or interest. The chairman moved the adoption of the balance-sheet, which was seconded by Mr. Gapp, and carried unanimously. In answer to a question it wasonentioned that the whole of the eecurities held by the society had been examined by the auditors. They had gone through the ledgers, and had traced out each account, and compared the pass-books and the securities with the ledgers. Mr. . S. Toms suggested that the number of directors, was too large and the remuneration insufficient. At present they nad six directors, who received 3s. each for attending the meetings. Hethought the number of directors should be reduced , and the remuneration increased. It . was also . sug gested that the meetings ^should be more freely advertised, but after a short discussion both questions were allowed to drop. The election of Messrs. A. M. Simpson, W. Sketheway, and A. S, Devenish as directors for the en suing year was confirmed. The hope was /ex pressed that Mr. Terco would soon be able to resume bis duties as chairman of directors, and a vote of thanks was passed to the officers .of j the society for their past services. - In replying to the deputation on Friday week the Attorney-General intimated that the Government were now m airing arrange ments to provide work for the unemployed in reclaiming land on the banks of the. Murray. This land consists of the famous Murray Flats, which are -of exceptional richness, but are subject to being submerged by the flood waters of the river. It is now proposed' to Construct earth embankments along the course of the etream, and in .this, way to make the fiats habitable and fit for cultivation. At first it was decided to lease the flats in their present state, but the difficulty tkat presented itself was that only tree lessee on a particular flat might desire to'redaimj and in that case he would have- to build embankments in- front and on each side of his holding. The. Government have now decided to make tfee * whole of the embankments along fee frontage* and then to lease the land inbloeksof say from 20 to SO acres. The embankment roll-be about 6 feet high and from 6 to 8 feet wide at the top, sloping out on both skies, There is no doubt that toe work will be reproductive, and the conservator -of water is confident that -a sub stantial increase in the rates obtained ior tfee leases frill be the result. The fiats to be dealt with are principally situated between the Murray Bridge and Mannum, one being im mediately north. of the former place, and as soon as the works are completed they wiH be offered for leasing. Ae the Attorney-General mentioned, some 7,700 acres willbeieclaimed. The 2,300 acres which i«e referred*) as 'having already been so treated belong *o Sir William Jervoif, Sir ; John l&arphefct;, ' and Mr. A, McITarlane, .-and are* situa/ted in the neighborhood, of WelMngtoB. In seme ? instances after the embankment is- mactethe difficulty will be to get rid of the water lying on the land, which in^-parts is below the level of the river. Sir William Jervois overcame ! this trouble by pumpins, :and he then bad floodgates fixed so that he can irrigate the «»il ' afrwill. TMb plan will be available on most of t&e; flats now to be reclaimed, and will of course enhance the value of the holdings eon- - siderably. A series of strange events .and curious : mistakes is thus reported by the Burror Secorct as havisg occurred at Kooringa shortly' after njfdnignt on Tuesdays— 'It appears that some .person or persons made up their mind to hare a 'lark,' and during the night they daongly effected an 'entrance' into Mr. T. ffftT\i?a yaid and there poisoned bis dog, but thinking the first 'dose' would not prove fatal they discharged a gun at' the animal, but ? missed it. 'The dose, however, took effect, ' and the dog died shortly afterwards, Tiie ' charge that was. intended for the dog struck ' the door and 'window of the dwelling-house. I Toe noise awoke Mr. Sails, who got up and ; went outside to see if he could ascertain the \ cause of the gun being shot off so near his house, but . not a sound .could, then ? ?' be heard. He was .determined .'to try; 1 and catch the offenders, so ie' /Wtoaessed ' a pair: of ' iorsea to a - Iraggy, ? and was about to start oS when lie heard a second; . report of a gun at the end of Iiower Thames-, , street. Now comes the most laughable part et j the proceedings. . It appears' two 'young girls were just coming from the post-office (so they say, but rather a late hour to get letters from ' the post-office), and' when they 'got tnear their home they saw something on .an old .well, which they told eachother was ajjhost, and ? being young in years jmd very timid, they could not think of going inside before .this object was removed. They at once decided to arouse Mr. Blight, and .they did so. When they awoke him, lie asked .them what they wanted, and they replied .saying, 'There is 'a , ghost out here.' 'Mr, Blight ^got up, opened: j the door, and saw the object, which, he ;atso pronounced to , be a ghost. He got his gun and . put a charge of powder in it and fired, Arid She. ? supposed ghost shuffled off at a pretty quick: j rate. By tiiis timsi&r.; Halls arrived, and be found that it was someone else having ?* some : fun.3 A start- was then made to capture the. , . *ghosV but it.aisappeared from thelrejea, As\ , they were looking about they saw a young man ' returning home, and: thinking the ghost had . ' come in another form they all made for him. — with sticks, mallee rails, and guns— and re \- quested him'to*bail up!' On investigating, bow ever, it was found 'they had made a mistake, as the young man in question said be knew . nothing of the affair. At this time a great' number of people were aroused from 'their slumber,' and had come out to see what had occurred. Neither 'ghost' nor 'the offenders who shot at the dog could be seen in Kooringa, so a start was made for Redruth by several young men, and they perchanced to come across. another innocent individual' and they gave chase after him. After unsuccessfully 'halting' one or two -other persons 'they returned home about -two o'clock in the morniner. And, as yet, we have not heard of either the ghost or the offenders who shot at ' the dog being captured.' The annual general meeting of shareholders in Maurice Salom & Company was held at the City Auction Mart on Friday, Maroh .'20. There -vere nine shareholders present, raptor senting in all 37,410 ehares, and Mr. S. D. Glyde, M.P. (ghfrirnum of directors) presided. The directors' reportandbalanoe-aheet were laid before the meeting, and the ohwrman ia movingtheir adoption stated that the balanoeto credit of profit and loss on January 31, after allowing for all bad and doubtful debts, was £2,652 31s., out of which an interim dividend attherateofS per cent, per annum had bean paid on September 4, 1SS5, absorbing £1,000, and leaving a balance of £1,652 Us., which the directors -had decided to carry forward. He drew attention to the auditors' concluding sentence in their .report, namely, ' That no reduction has yet been made in the ipremises and goodwill account.' On account of :bis . position on the board he did not desire, to question the right of the auditors^action, but left it to the shareholders to express an opinion as to whether they - should -write -a sum off. -to any particular :acconnt, or simply carry ioi ward their undivided profits as .a' balance carried forward. iTorhis part he thought the course they had hitherto adopted the most . desirable. Mr. C. H. T. Hart, in seconding the adoption af the report, commented on the auditors' remarks, and protested against any such report being attached by any auditors to any balance-sheet. He considered they were travelling beyond their provincaby addingsuch a rider to their, certificate. It was the auditors' duty to certify as to the correctness , of the figures and to check the cash and bills, and not to value the assets. Itaeemedtohim that there was an idea abroad just now that . directors should do the bookkeeping, and that auditors should do the directors' work — a state of affairs which he steongly protested against. Mi. Hiram Mildred, in supporting the motion, . was of Mr. Hart's opinion, and characterised . the auditors' action as impudence. The reports ; ?were adopted. The chairman, in the absence .: of nominations for other candidates, declared \- the retiring directors (Messrs. H. C. E. Muecke . and J. T. Nankivell) elected again to the positions. Mr. W. Hamilton considered the ' idirectors'fees (jointly £350)toohigh, and moved : that they be reduced to £250. This- was seconded by Mr. Hiram Mildred* The chair- : man deemed it undesirable in the present ' state of times to reduce .either the number of directors tnr their remuneration, as the : money, considering.- -the anxiety and time occupied in faithfully -attending to -their duties, was well earned, andalthoHghitwas perhaps ' & .delicate -subject for -him tospeak-about, he ; did not . -hesitate to -express this opinion on the ' part -of-himself and foifi co- directors. l^£r. Hart ? objected entirely to reducing the fees, as he was , in iavor of paying men well who did their duty. -: The resolution was lost. The election of : auditors was -then proceeded with, the result ' being in favor of Messrs. H. Stodart and ] Hiram Mildred. The sum of fifteen guineas ,; 'each was voted to the auditors for their service* for the past year. ; 