' 'GUMPS. Rustic Couming. — Talking of the names of flowers, (snys tho Contcmpory Review) how very characteristic ot'tho rustic sweetheart many aro ' lacl's: love,' ' none-so-prctty, ' ' call-mo- to- you,' 'jump-up-and-kisB-me/ 'kisaino [uiok, ? mss-me-twice, cuuuiemuiu you.' '.Here is the language of flowers straight from unsophisticated Nature — and what a posy to give to a sweet heart 1 It would savo tho bashful tongue-tied , rustic much paiii ful composition, aDd relieve him from a great many perplexing propositions. Courting couples walk out on the Heath ou Sundays, and it is very curious to watch! them. As far as I can make out, they do not' talk to each othor at all, nor do they: seem to derive any enjoyment from tho scenery about them. Whenever they pass a bush they pull leaves off and tear them up abstractedly as' they go along. They are generally looking in opposite directions. If they meet another couple — village neighbours all tho weok — their demeanour is even more luducrously constrained. ' The look at each other's hats and frocks. Tho lads ask the most commonplace questions in the sheepishest way imaginable. Then how awkwardly they part. And what a relief the parting is. Each couple has, now at any rate one remark to make. There is' an affectation of brisking up. It almost seems as if conversation were going to ensue. But self consciousness again supervenes, and on they go,' as^ silent and depressed as ghosts ontho banks of Styx. /Yet I suppose they are ; pre eminently happy, for ; ' your1 lover is always . melancholy.' All the' same, If eel inclined to knock their heads together, or jog them.' . r,! ' American Hujiob. —.Sometimes American humor is a.. little, strained (says a writer in the London Standard) and .oftenr it is very local. . In'every, case it is different from that of'Eng. land. It has nothing in common' with''' Eielding or Smollett or Thackeray, or, happily, with Rabelais or Villon. , The' difference between opera bouffe 'and an, Anglo-Saxon farce is the difference ' between the humor of the frenchman and the English in America, j The snob and the husband a? e.not satirised. The American devotes his domestic jocosity to the whimsicalities offthe s mall boy, the widow, the mother-in-' law,, the ..bully, the visionary sr ecula- tor, . the. gamester, and the commercial traveller. ' lighting and mpneyget ting afford the .principal subjects, and in the South it is mainly confined to the former., It is seldom deep, though always clear, and depends mainly on exaggeration and a blending of jest . and earnest, which some one has de scribed as the sinking of comic words to a sad tune, or telling a preposterous story with a grave face. When Mr Lowell declares that a negro was so black that 'charcoal mado a chalk mark on him,' or that a wooden shingle was. pointed so like marble that it sank, he illustrates the leading feature of American humor. Again, when ' Arternus Ward'— whom most people now know to have bewr baptised Charles Browne — tells us of a young man who claimed to bo exempted from serving as a soldier 'because he was the only son of a widowed mother — who (supported him,' we laugh hot at the liumor. of tho situation— for there is none — but at the unexpected turn the excuse takes. ????.- A Mttjideuovjs Elephant.— The. big African elephant, Empress, owned , by, John O'Brien, the circus man,,, was takeu lately to Forepaugh's . :wintor quarters in Philadelphia. A few, days afterwards Robert M. White, who had charge of- tho winter, quarters, and who was proud of his ability to manage elephants, was left in charge/ of Empress while her keeper .went to dinner. Before going,. the latter.-said, ' Rob, don't you go near Empress, for just as sure asyon do she'll kill you.' 'Oh !- that's .: all' right,' ^returned White. Thiswa8 the second warning on: the same subject that had been given him. About a i quarter, of, an hour-later White volunteered to show two companions: how he;could manage the elephant, and proposed, to bring it out and water it. They advised him not to make tho:-, attempt, but ;he persisted. Going into the stall, . he unlinked ;the shackles .on Empress, ?who:followed him to the water.-trough and took a . drink. . Empress had no sooner finished; :than she wheeled ?uddenly about without making v a sound, and struck White a terrible blow with her. trunk,-' -knocking,.' him twenty feet away against a briclc .wall. She followed up this work ; quickly -by disemboweling the helpless inan..with her tusks, aud then raising one., ponr derouB fore-foot set it down upon him, crushing his breast bone and shoulder blade. White's companions fled at the first blow and the alarm. In a few moments Dan Taylor, the elephant's keeper, appeared, and seizing the 'elephant spear advanced spear iu hand, and in a low, cool tono commanded Empress; to go back. Slowly .:'.an'd! sullenly she backed away,' and as'.'.sh'o! ietired Taylor advanced until; he, had reached White's body,. .There.1- he; stopped, , and the injured ; man..;-vasi picked ; up. He. wbb still . aliye^ ', But' died while being taken to thehospita|. White is the ;tbird person killed by this: elephant. .,',.-, ., „,,','.. ! Fioriline ! Fon the Teeth AlwBRAETni —A few . drops i of the liquid -'yiorihW sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produoesa pleasant lather, which thoroughly oloanso: the teeth from all parasites or impnrities' hnrdenB the gums, prevents) tartar, Btopg do jay, gives to tho tedth a peculiar pearly-whilo ness, and a dolightful fragrance to tho breath It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke'. 'Tho Fra grant Floriline,' being composed in )-*rt' of Honey, and awoet horbs, is delicious to the taste, and tho greatest toilet discovery of the age. , Price 2s Cd, of all. Chemists and Por fumers! Whocosale depot 33 rarriag'cVon Road, London— Advt, . : 