How Postage Stamps are Mado. LTlio f jHoniug nppoared iu part only.of Sitnrdiy'a Ik viov of tho faot that ausw i£3uo of ntampo of various values is now being mado by tho Pottal Department, the following account of how they aro produced, taken from au American paper, will bo of interest : The dotign of tio stamp id engraved on etael, and, in tie printing, plates are mad on whioh 200 stamps have beon eogravod. Two men ara kept bnflv at work coverinar theso with onlonred inks aad passing t\iom to a man ond jrirl who aro equally busy printing thom with hirjro rolling hsnd-pro»8S9. Threo of theso littlo equads aro employod all tho timo. Aito: the small eho»t3 of paper containing 200 printed Etaraps havo dried eaoiigU they nrs Bent into another room and gutmnocl. Too i^im U3ed f«r this purposo is a pnouliar composition, mido of tho po\rdor of dried potatoea and othor Tegetr.blea mizod vrith water. After having been again driod, this timo on little woka fanned by stenm-povror for about an hour, they aro put between ehoota of pasteboard and pressed in hydraulio pressea oapabl'j of apply iaga weight of 2,000 (ona. Tho naxt thing ia to eut the eheetn in two ; each ghost, of ooureo, ?when out, containing 100 »tartp3. This ia dono by a girl, wiih a lurga pair of shears, cutting by hand bting preferred t» that done by machinery, vfhioh woulJ destroy too mnuy stamps. Kelt, thoy arfl pre:iod ono3 morg, and then paobod and la'oelloil and atowoij away to be cent out to the various ofSoea whon or dered. If a sixglo stamp is torn, or in auy way mutilated, tho whole ahent of 10) ctiimpn u burned. Not lees than 600,000 aro said to ba burned every weok from thia oaus». Tho groat est caro is takon in counting the ahoota of stamps to guard against pilfering by tho cm plojo?, and it ii caid that during tho past 20 yearn not a single aheethas boon loit in this ?way. During tho process of manufaoturing .tho sheets ore oonntod 11 times. EnisEAjra Bkoineees. — 'Xho Brisbane Engin eers mean business, as will be seen by the following : Summary of dutfoi for tho month. 1st. — Friday. — Field engineers : tracing kuh pitB, full lizo ; Submarine minors : sign ailing. 6th. — Tuetday. — Field ongiueera : signalling ; Submarine minera: testing elootrh battorie?. 8th. — Friday. — Fiold engineers : traoiog gun epaulements, full wzo; Submarine min»r3: tenting dotonatora and fii308. 12th. — ^Tuosd»7. —Moonlight parado — Infantry drill under offl cer eommnnding. lfith. — Friday. — Moonlij/ht drill — Ifiuld engineers : makinir gabions ; Sub marise miners : adjusting shuttor apparatus. )Oth — Tuosday.— Meld ongineera : madelling parallels and approaches ; Submiirino minorn : Bignslling. 22nd. — Friday. — Field engineers : modelling parallola and approaches ; Submarino minera : connecting up oloolrio cable worte. 20th — Tuesday. — Field engineora : fiigualliug ; Snbmarine minors : eslioing ropoa and cables. 29th. — Friday. — Field engrineers : luahing spara ; Submarino minera : testing oirooitd of different minoa. 30th. — Suturday.-— Diy drill — Fipld engineers : modelling single look bridge; Submarine minors : working and fitting blockB and tackles. Evening drills. — Hours for pnrnde, 7.30 p.m. Uniform : undress, with forage onpa and nido arras. D'y drills. — Hour for parade, 3.30 p.m. Uniform : undreM, with holraota and sido arm?. Riflos must bo deposited in tha raoke aftor drill ; mon desirous of rotaiuirjg sumo in thuu- ovra custody rauat obtain a written permit irom tho oCBoor oom mandicg. A TiinKiDLT! Cash or BunNind — A rorriblo CDEO of burning ocourred in Balkir&t; E^iat on tho 16th instant (eays tho Agi). Mr8. Wilkin son, a widow and tho nothor of a largo family, waa engaged in wanking, nnd when lifting a, bcilor oif the fire, her clothoa ignited, aud be fore tho ocourronco waa noticed oho waa envel oped in itatnea. Tho poor woman rushed into tho buokyard, where Messrs. Gallagher, Par ton, and other neighbours rsndorod iwaiatanoo in eztinguiahing tho ilamea. When the Ceo WH8 put out it waa fou:d that tho womnn's Hga wero almoat rousfad, nnd that Bhe had sus tained vory uvcro burns ou tho luck. Dr. Hudson ivus speedily in attcadanco, aud rendered ail the imiatanco in hia pot7ir. Ho reconniended that tho eaileror should not bo removed from tio floor on whish s!so was lying in an u«ocmciouii ettite. To-night oko regained conseiouiineau, and in in torriblo ugony. Mrs WiUiamBon is m old rouidont of Beott's pfwade, nnd is widely known and highly raspsotad. Ilopa. — A sanliniont txhibilid in tbo wag of a dog's fail when ho's waiting for a boni. 'Saiube nsvar hurri«3 : at«Di by atom, little by 1 it t lo -ho aobioves h«r work,' so says lorucono ; but what about a volcanic aruption, when a cubio mils of »»hao Mid lavn is thrown ?ul in lovfi thuu half a day, ai in Saw Ztulund reaeotly ? A coMinMroaiin: oaji : 'Tlio motto of the ancient theology wae, ' Gem?, all yo tint are weary aid kaavy laden and I will give you rojt;1 batntodarn thaolosy «aj», ? Oomc, j e that aro wuary and heavy l&dsn; and able to pay paw rente' ' Xiiijji Willio (eged seven :) ' And woro all tbo little birds drowned, mamma P' Mamma (trho had beon telling tho itory of the deluge :) 'Tee, all but thoso who who in tho ark. Willie : ' Then I do think they wero stupidi j why didn't thoy get in a tow on tho top of the arkP' Oblt Takikbs lie will. — ' Two mon wore playing billiards in a Miirnesota town when a e\clon«&rrivid.; Ono of thom was nboat to attempt a very difficult shnt. Suddonly tho ntorm come, the roof of tho building was t'.rn open and the billiard- tabla (inched np andnwept away. Tbo players wero rtunnotl bnt unhurt, nnd eomo dnys after, in beating the neigh bouring flaldB, thoy cams upon the billiard tabli, upright and perfectly lovel, with ths balls in precisely lho gama position in which they w«re when eurpristd by tho tempest. Having ih«ir ones with thom, by a fortunate chance, they iv«nt to work and concluded the garao.' That ia almost too good to bo told all At onoo. CtejloiiT ik N-ojmum. — Th» Daultiplie^tion of 978,654,321 by 4F- gWca 4t,444,«4,445. Beversir.g th« order of the digits und mnltiylj ing 123,455,789 by 45, we gst th« equally enriom remit, 5,556.556,505. If wo tiks 123,46(5,789 aa R multiplioand, an4, inter ohtrj|{i»jf tho figures of 45, take H «? the multiplier, yre obtain another remarkable product, 6,080,(S5,608. Eeturning to th» usulriplioand flrit m»d, 937,654,321, and t»kirig 64 aa tho multiplier tigain, wo get 53\. 833,383. S34 — all thresa excepting tbeftrtt ncd lust figurop, whioh rf»d togethnr 64, the oultiplier. Taking tho »imn mnltiplio»nd, nr.d n«ing 27, tho half of 54, as ths multiplier, to gat a produot of 26,G6C,fio616S7 — %ll uxto except the firxt and lent fl^uraa, irhioh read trgetber 27, tho multiplier. Nest intnr ohangiur; the figurco in tUo nnrabar 27, and. u.»iDg 72 as the multiplier, -frith 987,054.321 ea tbo multipli:»nd, wa obtain r produo*, of 71.111, 111,11'J— all oM« oxoopt tho fu-atand lr.st figjires, which, ie»d tojfdlhwr, givoa 7'2, tbo multiplier. Equally curoiis roaiiits may ba obtained by mu'.tiplyiag i'usja digits, vrritfca either way, bj- nine, or by Kif aroi nom posing the multiples of nine variously in Ur- changed. 