Terror of Haunted Locomotives. ! ' Locomotive engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to hannted ships, says the Tribune. About ten years ago ; the engine Matt Morgan blew up while stand j ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, It. I., killing the engineer. The engine was subsequently re built and pat on the road. On the first trip that slie made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approach ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut cfi steam, but to hie horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost dis appeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this ia what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence acd Stonington read. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along "that night, and was hurled in the ehasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead ol leaping from the engine a=s the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was going at each a speed that the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Giles lying □nder bis overturned engine, with the lever driven through bis body.andona hand clutch ing the throttle valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, was ac customed to give two peculiar wbistlss as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that ho was all right, and would soon be home. The absence o£ those whistles was the first in timation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with euoh superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have heard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signals to hi a wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the ro&d.; Trci/s there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little an xieties and doubts; the sight of the deep blue sky and the clustering stare above seem to iiO put a quiet to the mind. ^ 