THE BEND1G0 ADVERTISER (PUUMSI1KD DAILY.) pkoubkwsion, our Maura, axv ovn maoDMua. / SANfilfUllST, MONDAY, FEB, S, fflti Tint 1 Iomkwahd Enomsh SLur,.—The li.M.S.S. Tasmania will leave llobson's Jirvy on Tlmrsdny next for London. Mails will clnsa at tho Sandhurst lVstollico us follow:—For monoy ordern, at 3 p.m. on Wednesday; for registered lottors, at li p.m. on Wodnoed.iy; for ordinary lottors, packets, and newspapers, at li a.m. on Thursday. Gou>, Calls and Dividends.—Tho gold yields on Saturday woro very satisfactory, reaching tho excellent total of -l,S50 ozs, tho largest list for tho year. Tlu premier placo on tlio list, which lias, for the last month or two, boon hold by tho i-uehesH Tribute, 1ms boon jumped by tho Eureka, from which tho splendid yield of (i03 ozs was ob tained, and tho Johnson's Koof came socond with 413ft ozs. Tho Duchess Tributo had -121 ozs; tho JS'oiv Chum Railway, 3-1 ozs; United Devonshire, yjl ozs; Garden Gully United, i!S0 ozs; Sadowa, 2G£> oz-; St Mungo, 200 ozs. Tiioro woro about 40 othor returns of leaser amount. There woro four dividends of sixpenqo each, amounting to .£'2,MO, tho companies being Eureka, Extended South Devonshire, Lady Barkly, and Duchess Tributo. As " Ghost Wodnesday " falls this week, tho calls are pretty heavy, amounting to 13,511 ISs 7d. Tiik Minuks' Wauu.s CJutBTiON,—Thoro was no now development in regard to this question on Saturday. Tho sub-conunitteo appointed by tho Minora' Association to consider tho matter, will not meot until a reply is received to tho letter sont to tho directors of tho Kuroka Company. It is probable, however, that the association will deal with the general qnostion with a viow to coming to an understanding as to when young miners should rccoivo full pay. Thk I'liioK Of Buhad, — An advcrtisoment ap pears in anothor column, at>ting that tho price of bread has been raised " by order." Tlio advertise ment boars no signature, aud it doos not appoar who it is that claims the authority to ordor nil tho bakers in the city to raiso tho price of bread. Con sidering that wheat i« so plentiful that the railway lines aro blocked with it any attempt to raise tho prico of bread appjars to bo altogether unjustifi able, and no doubt many bakors may lio found who will not feel called upon to obey this mysterious order. Additional Mails,—Today an additional daily mail will bo established betweon Korong Valo and Melbourne. Tlio mail will closo at Mel bourne ai 2.50 p.m., reaching Korong Vale at ll.lOp.m.; and closing at Korong Valoat 3 p.m., and reaching Melbourne at 11.10 p.m. Bishop Chank.—At St. Kilian s pro-Cathedral, during tho nine o'clock mam, yesterday morning, tho Right Ror. Dr. ileville intimated that his Jjordship Bishop Crano would arrive in Sandhurst next week. Jte hoped that as many a9 pousiblo would bo at tho railway station when tho Bishop arrived and givo him a hoarty welcome homo. It would bo a source of gratification and pleasure to his Lordship in his terriblo aflliction, and after nn absonco of four years, to know that ho still occupied » placo in tho hearts of his children. His Lord ship had boon ontrustod with his eminoneo the l'opo's benodiction to his Sandhurst Hock. Those who met him would havo tho pleasure of hearing tho first words tho Bishop would address to his flnp.lr. Knurr Houiw in Tin: Mtr.i.s.—Over a wcok ago Messrs Stewart, Scott and Co. conceded tliu oiglit hours to their employes. Last wcok the employes at Messrs Webb and Uo.'s mill asked fur thu samo boon, mid gave notico of their intontion to go on strike if.they ilirl not obtain it. The requnst. was granted 011 Saturday, and tlio employes will start at eight hours to day. ft is stated that Mr Stratton, tlio miller at I'ohuca, has refused to givo in. Kncjink DUiVEiia' Association. — Tlio nsnal mooting was hold 011 Saturday night; Mr l'\ lioys, vico-prosident, buing in tlio chair. Upon tlio minutes of thu last meeting being read, exception wa3 taken to the luinuto appointing Messrs Morgan and Woblt, the representatives of the association on tho committee for tliu Eight Hours' Domonstra tion. It was pointed out that at the half-yearly meeting, it was decided to tako part in tho Miners' Anniversary, instead of tho Eight Hours'. Ab Mossrs Webb and Morgan had been appointed to ollidal positions 011 tho Eight Hours' commit'oe, tlioso present did not caro to strike out tho irregular minute roforred to. Mr Morgan said thai, if tho association withdrew from tho Kight Hours'celebration, tlioy would foifeit any claim they had to tho fundi) in lmnd. Tho engine drivers need not recognise tho Kight Hours' Day as their annivorsary. The other members ex pressed thoir concurrence with theso remarks, and the minutes were confirmed. A letter was received from Inglewood, stating that a mining manager, without a certificate, was driving at tho Unity Company's claim, while two members of tho associatioa with first-class certificates woro out of work. Tho secretary stated that ho bad com municated with tho Mining department 011 tho Btibjoct. mo ouuomud. Ilia applica tion from tlio Castlemaine branch for assistance to enable tho Matdon sub-branch to moot a funeral donation to tho widow of one of tho members, who was killed through tho bursting of the boiler of the Great Western company, llaldon, was considered. Mr J. Wilson gavo Hotico of motion for tlio next meeting, that £5 bo voted in accordance with tho request. In answer to Mr Coatos, Mr Morgan ox plained tho reason why tho deputation to the Minister for Lands for a Trades' Hall did not tako place. He found that tlio others appointed on tho deputation could not go, and he did not think it advi^ablo to go unless tlioy had a stroug deputa tion, backod up by tho mombors of! Parliament, whoso attendance was uucortain. l)r Quick wna unable to go, Mr Maekay was ill, and Mr Burrowes was tho only member likely to bo prosont. The meeting considered Mr Morgan was quite justified, under tho circumstances, in not going to Mel bo Tno. Two now members were nominated, and the meeting then closed. Mn Jusuck Kkiifeiid—Our local correspon dent writes t!>at His Honor Mr Jnstico JCerferd arrived at Cafitlemaino on SMnrday, 011 circuit. To-day His Honor will prosido at tho (Joint of Assize, when two criminal cases, tho only ones on tho calendar, will bo dealt with. The present ments are : —Donald M'Donald, a'ias W. Hofs, alias Alexander M'Donald, falso pretencos; and Robert Ainslie, arson. Tim AamcoLTonAt, Society—A mooting of this socioty was hold on Saturday afternoon at the Beehive Kxchanga. Thero was a good atten dance, and tho president (Sir 1). 0. Storry) occu pied tlio chair. A letter was read from J. J. Shillinglaw, socretary to the ltoyal Commi«siou on Vegetable I'roducts, stating that the commission have resolved to give every member of nrricultural and horticultural societies in the colony, tho ad van tage of learning without delay, tho imp rtant information which from time to timo may bo givon in evidence beforo tho commission, and asking for a list of members of tho society; and also that the Hecrotary will distribute onpioi of ovidonco which may bo sent to him. Tho lottor was ro coived. Tho president said ho had been looking round tho district for a suitable spot oil which to erect an agricultural school within a short diatanco of Sandhurst. The only placo ho had beon ablo to hoar of was tho paddock known as the polico reserve at Wild Duck Creek, which ran right through tho land. The pad dock was 155 acres in extent, and of very little use as a polico reserve. If propor means worn taken tho Agricultural department would get tho land handed over. Ho proposed tho school should bo an establishment similar to that at Dookio. Ho suggested that tho Agricultural College Board should bo writton to, setting forth what tho large district of Sandhurst was and that it should bo en titled to soino consideration in tho establishment of agricultural schools. It Bhould also bo pointed out that tho land ho roforred to was tha imut suit ablo that could bo got within an easy radius of Sandhurst. At tho request of the members, Mr Storry put his suggestion in tho form of a motion, which was carried unanimously. The meeting then terminated. Unworkable A era.—Tho Age in tho ennvao of a lengthy article c indemnatory of tho Now Licensing Act,-says One rises from an examination of the measure with a feeling of despair. Tho machinery of tho Act is a shapeless mass of unworkab'o par ticles, put together with no attempt to display symmotry or harmony by somo person devoid of constructive capacity. Tho Herald says " Now that it has been demonstrated that tho New Licensing Act is unworkable, somo attention has been given to tho twin measure, the Factories and Workshops Act, which is also regarded as a use less enactment. Tim chief defect of this measure, and ouo that condemns it, is tho provision that tho Minister must decide in each case, whether or not a prosecution i-hould bo undertaken. This no minister would ever find timo for, oven if ho devoted all his attention to the matter, and in fact it would be as reasonable to expect the Chief Com missioner to inquire into tho merits of each petty or serious caso under tho Police Offences Statute boforo a prosecution was undertaken." The Allkged New-stead Ixcendiap.t.—The mail Robert Ainslie, who is under committal for having wilfu ly sot firo to tho haystack and out buildings of a neighbor named Coi!l, at New stead, was given in charge of tho pohco on Satur day (writes our Castlemaino correspondent) upon a charge of drunkenness and disorderly behavior by one nf his bondsmen, who strongly suspected that Aiu-:lio would commit suicide'befure his trial on Monday noxt. Ainslio was subsequently taken before a local bench, who considerately ordered his incarceration till Monday morning, and thus insured his responding to his bail at tho Court of Assize. Another Block is the Giui.v Traffic.—Our Rochester correspondent writes: —Tho delivery of grain at tho railway station has been far above the capabilities of tho department to send away, and much inconvenience has been occasioned to btiyeis in consequonce. Several of our prominent dealer.-, on Saturday morning tolegraphed to tho depart ment, complaining of tho mismanagement which was so detrimental to their interests. The follow ingreplyhasbeen receivedfrom tho traffic manager: —•'I regret much the stato of grain business at present. When I inform yon, however, that we have now 500 waggon loads of grain here, and all sheds full, you will understand tho necessity I am under to stop receiving at country stations. In a few days I h ipo the crisis will bo over.—J. Andkuhon'." Tho Argus says :—Tho railway authorities report that a considerable improvement has been effected in tho condition of the grain sheds at Spencor-atreofc station j but it would appear that the block still continues, according to tho subjoined telegram from Tat'ira:—" Tho following p>jjy of!) telegram, iESiiod from Sponcar-dtreot ir tlio Uii inst., and sijjnotl John Anderson, was posted outside tins nllin i at tho Tutura railway station on Aiturri.-ty, amacd sumo iwciti'inoiifc amoi'g grain buyers—'To all .stations liuulburn Valley. tl...in Bloclc, Mnlbomnn. Stop vcccivinR consignments to ordorof (and till further notice do not load grain for) Uibbs, P.riglit and Uo, Tankard and Adamson, Allan and Ulover, Kvorist, l'ratt and Turner, Whitloy, Australian Metcantilo A/re»cy Company, and Derlmiu and Q3o,'" Black Thdksdav,—Saturday was tho 3ith anniversary of " Black Thursday'" « day upon which scores of homejtoiuls were destroyed and tin owners ruined by lire. Tho "Herald" says: — The woathor this year alfords a remarkable con trast with that of 1851 at tho same time. On Friday a severe duBtstorm pissed ovor Melbourne and suburbs, followed by heavy rains, while the tomperatnro was sufficiently cold to mnko ovor fnnt* Hflsirablo. lUrn.HT Oiiunuir, I L\ ho hi; a v ics stiikkt.—] Jr. Porter pioached at thin church last overling to « largo congregation. Ho took us Ilia text John, lOtli chaptor, 10th vorso—"lam como that they might Imvo hfo, and that tlioy might havo it liioro abundantly;" mid 5th clinptor, -10th verso—" And yo will not oomo to ino, that yo might have hfo." Tho lifo spoken of meant victory, power nnd deliverance. Tho peoplo woronlionatod from God, but in order to obtain lifo tlioy must bo reconciled to God. IIo comca to his pooplo in order that tlioy might liavo life, but His pooplo must como to him in order to obtuiu it. A man can only bo reconciled to God by laying down his will to God. If his will does not gi~with his expression of faith ho cannot bo reconciled. Somo pooplo say "only boliovo and you will bo saved." That was not corroct. Thoro must also bo a eiirrondor of will in ordor to secure reconciliation. Self must bo crucified. It was when a man cairo to the end of himself that ho came to God. It was so with Paul. Ho set out.for Damascus breathing out threaton itigs and slaughter against tho disciples of tho Lord, but tho voico of Josns called upon him, and ho resigned his will to tlio Lord. The socrot of a happy Christian lifo lies not in what man thinks, or his neighbor thinks, or his minister thinks, but in what God thinks. When willing, people obtain tho power to become ko::s of God. Death in thk HosriiAi.. — Jolm Woarno, aged 38, admitted 1th January, died yesterday from liiumorrhago from the lungs. Thk Kaull-hawk Kxcmi.srox. — Tho special trains in connection with this excursion will leavo R'iglohawk to-morrow at 12.50 and 1.5 p.m., and Sandhurst at 1.15 and 1.HO p.m. On Wednesday morning tlu train will leavo Klindors- utroet at .S a.m., and tho boat will leavo Port Melbourne at D a.m. Dktkctivk MahonkY, who is to bo Detective O'Callaghan's Mieco.ssor in Sandhurst, will pro bably arrivo in this city this week. iNsur/riNG BuiiAVtou.—A well-known offender, named Minnio Collins, was arrested in M'lvor streot last, evening by Constable Brooks on this charge. She wi'l appear before tho city bench this morning. Journkvmeh Cakkhs.—Tlie meeting which was advertised to take placo on Saturday evening, at tlio Bondigo CoiFeo Palace, lapsed on account of tho paucity of nttondanco. The Missing Constable:—Yesterday afternoon Senior-constable Barry and a number of residents continued the search for Constable Kyan, of whom nothing has been heard since the night of the 6th January. A long stretch of country at the back of the White Hills Cemetory was carefully or plored, but no trace of the missing man could be found. Rbbult Oi' A Fai.t..—Mr K. Evans, a drivor on tho railways, and a resident of Quarry Hill, was crossing Pajmorston-squam on Saturday uiglit, and in stopping over a gutter ho fell, and dislo cated ono of his lcuees. Tho injury will probably confine him to his room for two or throo weeks. Ho was attonded by Dr JV.nos Eadio, of tho Modical Institute. A Fahewjili, AnnitKfls.—Tlio church-wardens of All Saints' Church lavo calied a meeting of parisliionera, :\t tlio sdiool-houso, M'lOnzio street, to-morrow evening it eiirht o'clock, for the purposo of adopting an nilcross for tlio lay members of tlio clmicli for presentation to Hirthop Moor liouso, prior to his drp.Tturo from Victoria, anil also of deciding tlio stops to bn taken to got it immoronaly signed. Tl.o lion. R. Bnrrowos, aa tlio Monior trustee, will pres.do, and, aa Iadiea aa ivoll as gontlemou arn iniited to attond, tlioro will doubtless bo a good liuolitis^. \Vu believo copies of tlio address have boei sent by tlia contra! com mittoo to ovory parist and parocliial district in tlio dioceao of Moibonrio Citt 1'ouua Coukt—Messrs M. Rundoll and J. G. Edwards, Jsl'., attended at tlio i'ojjco Court oil Saturday. A Cnmkard was disctmrged. William Greon waa clawed with obtaining gooda amounting to 4a (i 1 tromW, J. Long, of Ehnoro, oil tlio 2nd inst. by fds pretences, and was ra nianded to appoar at t\o Klmoro 1'olico Court t' bo hold on Thursday next. A young man named John Smith wu charged oil romand with obtaining £1 from J. .teid, wholesale fruitorer, by means of a valuol?H choquo. Tito prisoner had borrowod a uliillingfroin Mr Ilc.id on tlio -1th nit,, and about a wook a tor offered him a chocjua for iil, out of which IV'r Raid gavo tlio chango. On tlio 29th of Jar.uarj tlio cheque was roturnt'd from lirighton marltd " No account." Tlio prisoner, who resorved is defonco, was committed for trial uttho Aasizo Curt, to bo hold on Thurs day noxt. A charge gainst an old man namod John Dint for itidecenfcxp.isuro was adjouniod on tlio application of Sorgivnt Fahey, who wiahod to ol>t,in tlio necessary ividenco. Thero was no oth:'r business. Ai'I'ijcation von a Iitent.—Mr \y, E. Lowis, of liarnard - street, Sadhurst, lias appliod for a patent for " an improemont in the construction of BoAltD OfAdvicE(-Mx T. Harding has been appointed a member! fcho Board of Advico for the Maldon riding of no Shiro of Maldon. A mooting of member and frieudi? of tho Sandhurst branch of tho Australaa.n Socuhir Association will bo hold at Grouiaun'a Hoti oil Woduosday evening1 at 8 o'clock. In connection witlitho Colonial Invoatmcnt and Agency Company (Liritod), and the now issue of 50,000 shares, tho tiinen to which applications will bo racoivod at tho ollicos, < Collius-street West, has bceu , oxtoiuled to tho 15th Ftruary, Mr. J. D. Coburn is tho locn] A^out. j Tho final rehearsal f tho Sandhurst Liedortafel will take place this evouig at 7.J10 o'clock, IJerr Adolpb Fabian teacher of violin, piano, fling ink', and harmony, Uaiird- street, has resumed tuition. Mr. Fred. Hoard, latof the Criterion aud American Hotels, Castlomaino, las taken the Freemasons' Hotel, l'all Mall, amis having it thoroughly refur nished and renovated 