JACOB AND POLLY. (By. F. W ROBINSON, in " Home Chimes." Jacob Cattley was a messenger to Messrs. Perkinson, Goldenest, & Co., the rich bankers in Lombard Street. ; At least he always considered himself attached to the establishment, as a messenger, though he had never, *' signed articles " with the principals, and was just barely tolerated outside on the pavement, at an acute angle of the-building and three feet from the street doors, where customers and clerks were not likely to tumble over Mm. He had been hanging outside , vthè big bank for many years now, and it had became a custom of late years .send him on little errands < which ..^ere not within the province of a. .-re '^{ala^^erl^B/dttty, and which the a cab Jacob was seat for one ; if country gentleman with a big balanc on tlie books wanted to be shown tl way to the Bank of England, or Bil lingsgate, or the Tower, Jacob was to] off as guide; if something was wante surreptitiously by the clerks, in tl shape of a newspaper or a ham sane wich, Jacob was sent for it ; and thei had been times when it was even coi sidered sale .to entrust him with telegram. Jacob received no salary, but wt supported by voluntary contribution! like an hospital, and what those coi tributions amounted to in the jes there had been much speculation coi cerniug, at the bank, amongst tb clerks. It was set down by young an imeginative minds as a " prett penny;- take it altogether !" But takin Jacob Cattley altogether was, to th ordinary observer, to set him dow as «. poor half-starved, ill-clad, mise able old man, struggling hard to liv and always on the brink of failing a it. Á shabbier old gentleman wa not to be found between the ban and Houndsditch ; but he was neve in rags, and he always boasted a cleat face under his rusty-browo top hal which he poised at the extreme bael of his grey head. He did not appea to flourish on his contributions, bu grew thinner and more pinched wit! every week of his outdoor servio there. " You can see him shrivelling away," one young man had seriousl; asserted. " He's a regular miser I'll be bound." and with his hollov cheeks, and peaked nose, and promi nent chin ground find to match tua poor pinched nose of his, he raigh have been taken for a miser, or i pauper, or indeed anything deplor- able. . Still he had what the clerks callee his " tips ;" and Mr. Goldchest, everj Saturday morning, when he left tht bank, and before he stepped into hie carriage, the door of which Mr. Cat- tley always opened for him, gave him something, it was noticed, but whethei a sovereign or a threepenny-piece was a matter of uncertainty, the claw-like hand of Jacob closing so quickly on the gift. The junior clerks thought it would r be a " threepenny," Mr. Goldchest not being a liberal pay- master, in their humble opinion, forcibly expressed each quarter-day, but Jacob, probably ot a reticent dis- position, never let them know, and, at all events, he did not wax fat on emoluments.; und in the frosty seasons caught many a cold and cough, and wore, winter and summer, the same suit of threadbare clothes, to which, in every inclement weather, a red cotton neckerchief, relieved by white lozenges and tied in a strange knot, was added; by way of protection, to a giraffe-like throat. Jacob was considered a poor hanger on, but Jacob had his hangers-on too, and people whom in his turn he took up himself to patronise. There are alwayB below depths in this eccentric world of ours, and always some poor brother and sister to whom si hand can be held out, or a little kindness rendered, and Jacob Cattley had his dependent in the background, and one who waited and watched as regu- larly after banking boura ou Saturdays, as he waited and watched for Mr. Goldchest about noon ; and this de- pendent on Mr. Cattley was a dark haired, dark-eyed purveyor of penny "buttonholes" and twopenny bou- quets, a poor flower girl, who regarded Mr. Cattley as a regular customer on Saturdays, one who was always good for a penny, sometimes even twopence, when he had been extra fortunate in thc City. Jacob, it may be said, never pur- chased his flowers in Lombard Street ; no one iu that busy centre had seen Jacob Cattley spend a pennypiece upon anything, but, once away from the City proper, and Jhurryiug on to- wards Blackfriars Bridge-on the Sur- rey side of which he lived, and which he crossed regularly, twice a day toi and from "hw placé of business" any one who had taken the trouble to watch him-which no one ever had -would bare seen Jacob somewhere in the neighbourhood of Ludgate Hill bargaining with ^Polly Baxter for a nosegay every Saturday afternoon. " -Jacob Cattley would ëven condescend weather, or the extent of stock trade; hilt all this was done in austere, stand-offish way which <3 not encourage conversation in reta J and which was a washed-out copy 'the great Goldcheat maimer, when t big banker skated across the paveme to bis carriage. Polly Baxter did ri know this, and thought it was ve kind of the old gentleman in t queer-looking comforter to say a wo or two to her now and then - wor which, with all their coldness, had a little ring in them of interest sympathy, or something not easy comprehend, and which the flow girl did not attempt in any way account for. Sometimes she wonder why he purchased flowers, or what 1 did with them after be got home ; 1 wns so particular about the bunch 1 purchased, and had so strong a fam for the brightest colours. Suddenly Jacob Cattley was miss< from Lombard street, and from tl neighbourhood of Ludgate Hill ; at Polly Baxter's basket blushed wit flowers in vain for bim. Every di Polly Baxter had been accustomed i see him between four and ¿ve trotttn homewards, with his sharp face si due south ; every day he had ea¡ "Good morning," in a grave, father way, and with a solemn bend of h long neck ; and on Saturdays, as » have intimated, he always stopped t bargain with ber for the gayest penn) worth. And now Jacob was missing and no one knew where Jacob live< so that the mystery of his disappeui ance might have been solved by friendly call. " He's dead, for sixpence, .poor ol cove," said one of the junior clerks, pert and slangy and overdressed youtl whom Jacob had in bis heart dislikec despite the offering of a peony not and then. " He's off, depend upon il I'm Börry I was so deuced hard on hin last week." Polly Baxter wondered more abou him than the rest of the community aware of his existence. She did no know why she should " bother abou the old man," but 6he did. He wes J something removed from her life, : regular customer gone, and that wai to be regretted when regular customer! were scaree. When she had bough; her flowers at Covent Garden Marke; in the early morning, and taken then to her attic, where she made up bei penny buuehes for the day, she caughl herself thinking of the " funny little bloke," and of his grave, oldfashioned ways. She had a father like bim ic some respects, and he had died in thc workhouse, praying that she would " keep good," which she did. Polly was a poor, ignorant girl enough, who had never been taught to read and write, and he had been " a bad lot," as it was termed, and had not cared to see her taught, or cared much about anything save himself, until he had become a martyr to rheumatism, and lost bis situation in the market, and had to go finally into the house, leav- ing his daughter with all the world to herself, and nobody in it to look after her except a policeman or two, who hauled her up at times before Alder man Solo ns for " obstructing the thoroughfare," and got her fined and "cautioned." Then the father was sorry, and woke up to some little thought of his gill, when he could do little else but think. Nevertheless, Polly Baxter earned her own living honestly, and made the best of her position by thrift and in- dustry, coming very close to starva- tion once or twice in the hard times which will turn up to the hard workers. She still fought on, and had beguu to teach herself to read and write of late days, and to find her way on Sundays to a little chapel down a hack street, and to listen with much surprise to what they told her there, and to wonder why it had been kept from her all these years, and why no one in the highways and by- ways of her life had said a word about it. Possibly thinking of this had made her think of other folks as the light flittered a little through the darkness i of Polly Baxter's lite, but she did think a great deal of the poor old fashioned little man who seemed to have vanished like a ghost, and it be- came a matter of speculation why ho ¡ had ever bought flowers of her; at ¿all, ^befo^ much to spend on the minor luxu of life. And so regular a custon too, tbought Folly, with a sigh agi Suddenly, however, the regí customer turned up again one Sal day, six weeks or two months al I everybody thought he was dead, was like a ghost rising up in Lomb f Street, and eveu Mr. Goldchest, tal I unawares by the reappearance at I carriage-door, gasped out, "Bless soul !" and slipped one foot off j kerbstone into the gutter in his fi surprise. He was even a little curious lor I great a man, and said " Have you been ill, Jacob?" He did not know his other nat , " Old Jacob " was Mr. Cattley's c< nonaen in Lombard Street ; " Cran Jacob," sometimes. " No sir." « ThPn-" Jacob's rugged face twitched v« much as he touched bis hat def eren ally, and said " I've had a loss, Mr. Goldchest." " Oh, indeed." Mr. Goldchest did not ask what whom he had lost ; he glanced at t big rusty hatband wrapped round t rusty hat of his humbie dependen there was a fugitivo fear even th there might be something " catching from Mr. Cattley's close proximit and be stepped with alacrity into fa carriage and drew up his winde sharply. He did not reward Jac< on that occasion ; he gave no thoug] to the arrears which might have a cumulated during Jacob's absent from his duties, and the old ina walked home very thoughtfully, an with a downcast expression of com tenance. On his way home he ei countered Polly Baxter, who also wt disposed to take him for a ghost, an nearly dropped her basket into tl London mud at the sight of him. " Why, lor,' sir, who'd have thougb of it ?" she exalaimed. "Thought of what?" he asked, little curiously. "Of your being alive and movin about like this again. I'm so glad. ''Glad, are you? What are yoi glad for ?" he inquired, sharply. "Glad to see an old customer," wa the truthful reply. " Ah ! just so," said Jacob. *' And not that exactly, mind you,' added Polly, "but because you an here, you kuow. That's it. When have you been, sir ? Laid up ?" This was Mr. Goldchest 's inquirj also, but not conveyed with so mud interest. And his answer was tnt same as befare. "I've had a loss." " Not-not money." "I've Jost my daughter; all I bac in the world to me, all I cared for, child. Good day," he said, with an excitement for which Polly was wholly unprepared. " Yes ; but here, hold hard, old un," she cried, inelegantly; "ain'l you going to have any flowers to--" The " old uu " hurried away from her, darted across the road under horses' heads and omnibus wheels, with almost the alacrity of youth, and it was not until he was upon Blackfriars Bridge that he had re- covered his composure, and quite finished with a ragged pocketbandker chief, which was evidently a segment of his winter wrapper, being of the same striking pattern and colour. When he had crossed the bridge and Southwark-street, and was turning in- to one of tho little crowded thorough- fares on the left of the Blackfriars Hoad, leading to salubrious quar- ters of Gravel Lane and parts adja- cent, he,was astonished and discomfited again to find Polly Baxter at his elbow, exceedingly red in the face and short of breath. " Well, you jest can stump out, guv'nor, and no flies," she said. " What do you want with me," he asked, testily now ; " what-what is it? How dare you?" "I only want to say I'm sorry like," she blurted forth. ** I didn't j think, all at once, about the flowers, j I twig, I see; yon won't mind what I j said-will you, how ?" Jacob Cattley stared at her, but he croaked lorth very hoarsely, " No." "I'll never ax you agin-I'll never look your way «¿gin ; but take this, please for this once, won't you?" , ; And Polly held out his UBual-sized bunch of flowers, at which the old man shrank back as though it had had been a pistol levelled at bim. " It isn't for.the money," said folly, excited now herself ; I don't want any money-ketch 'old, please do.. J CB t to make believe your taking them to her the same as ever, sir." The old man stretched out a tremb- ling hand towards the flowers at this suggestion, and Polly thrust them i into his grasp and fairly ran across the bridge again, leaving him looking after her, open-mouthed, and with some salt tears brimming over his blinking eyelids and mating their way down the deep furrows in his. cheeks. On Monday, Jacob passed her as usual on h'is homeward route, and with his old patronising bow, and a steadier stare at her too, as if no longer afraid to face her. But Polly^ looked the other way and would not see him-fell into the habit of hiding ' from him even-and on the following Saturday would also have eluded him, had he not come up the reverse. way of the street, and taken her un- awares by a flank movement. " Let me have a good bunch to-day -a twopenny bunch," he said, in quite a business-like manner. Polly Baxter was surprised, but she. gave him the flowers he required, and he dropped the money into her basket! "But you don't want'em now, do you?" " Yes, of course I do, that was a good thought of yours, child, last week. And I took the flowers to her." "Oh «."ejaculated Polly. " And shall do so every week, mak- ing believe, as you say, that she's wait- ing for them. It's not a bad thought, at all," he muttered: "she was so very fond of flowers." 1 "How old was your gal?" asked. Polly. " About your age, I should say." " And ailiug allers, Was she?" " For the last three or four years,, yes. Good-day," and then "Jacob hurried away, and this, time she did not attempt to follow him. It was form this time that . Jacob con-.; trivod to be as regular a customer ,to Polly Baxter as ho hud ever been, aS^f" bad anyone had the curiosity'to.follow the movements of the old man, be or she would have seen him every Sun- day, in fair weather or foul,' plodding, on to Tooting Cemetery to lay ; his little offering on the grave of the daughter who had been always fond of flowers. When the winter time came on, and flowers grew very scarce and dear, aud Polly was compelled to raise her prices, the old man looked very pale and pinched with cold, and did not move along with his customary alacrity - on the contrary, limped painfully at times with the rheu- matism which had seized him. One very cold Saturday she said tc him suddenly "You ain't well?" " Well, not quite as well asl-míghj be, perhaps," he answered cautiously. " I don't mind you payiug for these some other time, you know," she add' ed hurriedly, " if-" "If what? " he asked, as she cam« to a full stop. " If you're hard np. It won't mala much difference to me, and she might miss 'em now." "Thankee," he said very gently and he looked very hard at her fron under his tangled wiry eyebrows " that's a kiud thought, child. Whai did you say your name was ?" " t didn't say," she answered, sur prised in ber tum, *' but it's Poll' Baxter." 41 Living where, now ? " "St. James's Kow," she answered "at the back there. But why?" " Good day." . That was the last time Polly Bas ter mei Jacob Cattley in the Loudo: streets, for Jacob disappeared again and Lombard-street and the flowei girl on Ludgate Hill missed " bia altogether. " He must be dead thi time, poor old covet " thought Polly. But Polly was again deceived. On morning, a shorty red-faced woma with a market basket on'her arra, am a key in hor hand, looted gardât he and'stopped.. ^ ,v, wv'' ? - v. * .?Vi. ;¿í^.-<¿%X^pkjM .?.A... ivy::*}-. y. AÄS:. ^:.' :,«*«* "res." "Polly Baxter?" " Yes, that's it." "You're wanted in George-street, "Gravel Lane, No. 29. My lodger, the .old man ,who used to buy flowers of you, wants to see you precious bad." " He ain't dead, then," cried Polly; "well, I am glad." "Don't,see what you've got to be glad about," said the woman sharply, "** but he ain't dead yet. He's hook- ing it off, though, sharp enough." "Oh!-is be? Ob, I hope he :ain*t!" " Can you find your way?" "Yes, trust me for that." Polly Baxter trudged away at once ! to George-street, and to No. 29,where . -on the top floor, she found poor Jacob \ XJattley, very much down in the world, j ^ and with very little life left in him. (jr The rheumatics had got an iron grip of him at last, and fever had followed, -and this was very nearly the last j -of him, as the red-faced woman had prophesied. As Polly entered the room, he smiled at her as at an old friend. . " Polly," he said, speaking with ?great difficulty, "I wish to put you in anind of an old offer to me." , " What's that, sir?" "I want you to open a credit .account with me." "A what?" cried Polly. " It's a term we have in Lombard "Street," he explained, quite airily, -" to trust me, I mean, tor a little while, for a few flowers." " To be sure I will!*' cried Polly. " Eight you are." " I'll pay you soon ; and I want you .to do more than that-much more." Polly waited and wondered till he 'took time to recover, his breath, then .added M I want you on Sunday afternoon . to take them to her, and lay them -on her grave for me. Do you mind " very much ?" " Not at all," said Polly. " I'll go «directly after chapel, if you'll tell me .bow to find it." 'i Do you go to'chapel ?" « Yes, reg'lar."" " Good girl. Keep that up." V . "No lear, sir." W^Zf. " And come and tell me regularly ;-what they tell you there; will you, .child ? I should like to know." " To be sure I will^ sir." " When you come back from her." Then he gave his directions, which Polly Baxter carried out faithfully ?until the cud came, and Jacob Cattley waa buried with his daughter. After his death Polly Baxter went {regularly to the cemetery just the same -and laid her little bunch of flowers on .?' "the grave of him who had said kind . words to her in life. That was the end of him and the story, she thought, \- until one day, a week or two after- wards, a prim little gentleman in black .called upon her, and asked her many -auestiohs,and made perfectly sure that she was the genuine and only Folly Baxter, flower vendor, before he sur- prised her with his news. Jacob Cattley had been a bit of a miser after all, and had scraped to- gether, by his faithful and humble .services in Lombard Street, the sum .of .£150. He bad died without a rela- tion in the world to care for him, and he had left his money to Polly Baxter, .of 49 St. James's Bow, E.C., in re \- - membrance of her kinda ss, and "in K -settlement of his credit account with r" her." Bolly Baxter is married now, and «he and her husband have a flourish- ing little greengrocer's shop, and are doing well. There are fresh flowers on the old man's grave at Tooting, and one grateful heart keeps his memory green. 