An Vnniasbcd Card-Sliarpcr. y " iim sionv op a VouNd liis wno was ' detkoxed' oeeatika at a olub. - ' Thet wore disehssing tho latest soandal.! A young man of good teonneotions had beoh .ignominiouolyte'xpolled from aolnb. Playing, in aollasion with a professional gamblor, ho had ahentod at oards, and in a few months had won a ooneidcrnblo enm. "And had he'liilled himBeli 7 " asked some ond. ' v. : f'Bahl" replied another. "Do inon kill thamEolvcd for bo little nowadays ?!! was dil- rcnt in the good old times;" . , - '/ " "In tlio good old timed; ns you ooll them,", ooid old Goneral Boy, "thoso who ndoptod tho onrd-sharper's profession killed thomsolvos no mora. than do thoso of tho -'present' time. A few exceptions there may havo been among thooo who woro dctcoted at tha' outset. Bat if tho first attempt enoeecdod, thoy did na thoy do to-day, thoy quiolily ncouetom tliomeolvos: to their degradation. Ah, itii so caeyl When respect for hia own good .uamo will not 'reotrnin n man pt tho firai.otop, it ia entirely 'dead within him; and oven a soandal will hot' -roVivo it. By tho way, I can tell you ,of u Jurloua.oaea in poinE; where tho hero/blow- put his brains, but it was . not suicide. No, strango as it may eoand, it waa not a saioide. Listen : ' M- " ' It waa Borao flity yeara ngo. .Tha prosd of that, time woo not tho toreibio gossip that it ia to-day, andeehsatianalnowsnqverpaqBcd cdrtain bonndB. There, worofiot lower Boom dale, but the Baaudals woro loss known. In foot, I think there jvos rothor moro. Not tbot . wo wero moro virtuous, but tho fear of pub liolty is ocrtniniy a great oh'cok.. -- , " Among Jhd elegant young follows, tho gilded yonth of thoeo days; who furnished the greater part of tho scandalous goss.ip by their cooontrioitics nnd dnols, wad a young gentle man attached to iho king's honechbld. ' I shall onU' him the vioomto Iteland; Tho fidmo was nn illaBtriouB. ono ; in foot, -Abe' vjoomto wos thy fruit of ono . of thoBO mixed morriagqainiroducod by Nappleon X" Gcno: . ral , Oomta Itoldnd, whooa /heavy, oavnlry charges nro mattora/of history, had married tho doughtor of tho '.Marquis do Braneoo, u member of ono of, tho wealthiest nnd nipet ppworlui families of France.'- His son was then 'about twchty.Bix'yearo of ago. Ho had not tho robust, plebeian beanty of hia father, who had been ono of tho handsomest men in tho army, ;Ho waa rather , tho deiioato and dietiugnishei _groco of - hie mother, whose idol ho was; Having lovod hor hudbnnd pad- ' ionately, tho cquntesd vms how wrapped' up . in haroon. , " Tbo oxtravngant lifo lad by tbo soil had - caused a quarrel between tho . parents, Tho- countess, lived in .tho Branson Hdtol, ono ot -tho . finest in tho Faubourg Saint Germain, whiio tho goneral, scoluding. himaelf in n- littlo ohatcaa in the forest of -Bdnart, passol his time in (ha pleasures of tho ohaeo,. Thoy : say ho had xtl-treated hisreite; but it was . utterly nntius. -The faot is- that there had been' between tho general and , hia wife two : terribld Boenoo. ' '/J : ' " Tho firet was'.oanscd by. an idea whioh \- took posecRsion of - tho counteca, Sho found this namo ' Roland '-too plebeian for bor eon, 1 and : tormented her huoband to obtain , tlid king's authority to add to it that of. Da Branono.; Tho general r.norgotioaliy refuecd. '"My name has sulfiaed for mo, ' said ho, for mo who havo mada it jamous; It will', do for thin, flno gentEroen, ray oon. If ho does not find it buliiant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' Tho second soeno was brought- about by tbo vrcomto nbdnotlng n ballot dancer, nnd by a duol and a debt vrhrnh were tho oonocquoncca . of tbi's little affair. -Tho goncral bronght tho aori bejoro hio mother and. roughly reproved ' him for hiajolly. -Instead of Buppdrting. Her- . husband, tho donutess mado oxcuaes.Ior hor . aon- Womon always : aro' indulgent' toward;- tho man in a lovo ecrapc, .. . i " Ao tho gehofai told his son that his for-' tnno .was not sofiialent to maintain snoh , scandalous absurdilios,, tho countess nn- uup|iiij !U LwfjtvlcU » ' . "Ob,'tliofortuhdof;thoDo Brandaba.will' amply Euflloo for him. :s „ : " Sho bud not oalonldtod tho c-ffoot of hor Bpeech. An hour later tho.;goneral left tho' hotel and went to hia chateau; at tho ond; ot a week tho family notary informed tho' ooanteaa that her entire personal fortaaa wna- at her dispdeai. The separation was completo, and.. tho general; lived alone on the fifteen ' thousand francs wliich constituted tho rovonuo ho received from his own fortune. , '!Tho oon made ducka and drakes of her. iortuno. At tha end of. six months the coun-_ toBS was half, rained, 'and tho cncrgy qf tho notary alone saved her from hor eon 'd extra- vagances . ' . A "Ailonca it bacamo known that tho vioomto: Roland no longer bolonged > to tho king's household,' nnd. that ho had handed in hie resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. That1 is-' what was given ont, hat rumours of n different. oharaotcr were afloat; Tho countess no longer, appeared in pabiio, bat confined boreclt to her hotel,. In n low weeks sho seemed tou.yenrs older. - "Tha vicomte, alter a voyago of soma weeks in Italy, reterncd.to Paris, took . apart; . ments in tho Ruo do la Ohauardo d'Antin, and lived tha lifo of nn idler nn fhn nniialnn ot a thousand Iranos a month allowed Jiim by bis mother. It would bo iittio to-day ; bnt'at that tlmo It enabled a man to mako o ' figure in thq fashionable world? Ho passed his time between lovo.adventorcs, tha theatres, and tho groon. tabic. .Then littlo by littlo his.oiogsnoo and Ilia odoentrioities began to ba talked- nbont./ Olubd wero: not no plentiful as thoy : qro'.'now, .but- tho gilded youth nnd tho gamoatere bad a few of them whore lovors of " tuo green cloth eonld amuse themselves. : .. "One. evening when' tho Ticomto Itoidnd, iffer hnviqg won a, considerable. Bnm/from ' nno of his . friends, offered him hitrevengd, Pis' opponent roscJ,' end .pashiug- aw(iy / tho darde, looked at him in n' singular, manner. ; " ' Woil, no,' Roland,' said ho ; 'what ..with - yourluok with women, nnd your luck with ' cards, yon bovo too much Inik for-one/msn,' "Roland, though -Eomowiiat- oholerlo, "do- ! mended no expianatipn, and oontontad him- 1 Eolf with liingSing.' r z.-." ' Somo days: after, tbo Prfifeot of Polico r nnnounced himself to; tho general nt \hia- olmteau." What p'aBeed between tkein l do ' riot .know.: AU that id known of. tho nffoii/ is'that thoy returned together to Paris.. ;/ " At eleven o'olook of tho ovchtng'fqUowdhg .that interview, thq. vioomto was .deatodntfi/ table playing coarl'd. . Ho had juBt won tern eiiccessivca gamed from on Englishman, who',, passing through Paris on his way homo, -had woui iutiuuuucu.uv fcUO UlUO Ujr uuu DlliUO 'membors. Roland bad" a considerable , snn. before him. Tho loser had just, risen, and bptoro leaving tho tablo bad bowed thrice,, when an'olderly gentioman apprbdohed tho tablo. . " ' Will tho Vicomfo Roland permit mo to take the gentleman'a revenge?': " Tho young man paled. . Itwaahio father. ' As you are a bold player, I offer you a ' bold game.. It will bo . usel/oa fcr you to'aay thatit is'too.high- Read.1 . And: .the general - bandod him a nqto folded (wiso. " " Tho vioomto glanced over it, nndBhnd- dered yiribly. ' ' . ' . , '"Do you accept?1 . / ' .'b . "Ho bowed. . The goneral seated himseli' opposite his bod, ont a king, 'and' dealt thd: .cards. Ha won tho first hand. - -Whon it was tho vioomto's deal ho. trembled slightly, nnd a Ktrange light ahono in hie eyes ; nevbrtheless, ha pisyod.on; Tho general won again. '. Tho'vioomte rose, palo as- a ghost, sndJh a smothered voico eaid : : " ' In qn hogr, sir, J. shall havo acquitted : myeelf." .-;r; "Hololt thd doom /without; another! wbrdl- . '" Oil tho following morning tho gndrdinnd Of tho Bois do Boulogne brought in tho bady ' oi tbo Yioomto. Roland. "Hia head -waa blown ; to piecoa. hiB hand.atill grasping: tho pistol. Tn a portfolio was found nn unsigned scrap of : paper, oh whioh wero thd words The loser mill hloxo oul hls hr aim.. ' :K "Tho pretended Eogliebman was on accom-- pliBhod oardteharpor, sent /by tho Prifcot of Police, ' Tho three bows haa besn tho eign . agreed npon botweoh him and tho gonoralto . indiodta.that tha vTcomto had ohoatod. : " Th'd gnma waa ono for lifo - and death notwoen father dud soil.". Both', woro did; : honored— tho eon by his own not; tho lather by tho eon'fl.' But'tbia dishonour was i>' 1 Beoret, whioh threatened to beoomo nn open shame.' . Death conld otifid it— tho eon'o death or tbo fathor'aj for tho stern old soldier wonld ' himself hqvd didgrooed his son had that son hot kent thoir Hoot;' Tho prioo of the goncralja seorcoy. was hie aon'a -lite." — Translated from the-Frcnchof- EdouardSlchecker. 