LADIES' COLUMN. OUR LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, July 23, 1886. Our London season is virtually over. It has been a very short one; indeed, these so-called seasons, when London tradespeople count so much on adding to their gains, seem fated, for of late years they have been proverbially short lived, or if not, scant of days. Court mourning has interfered, and purveyors, in- cluding dressmakers, milliners, and confec- tioners, have greatly suffered in consequence of gaiety being curtailed. By reason of so many families leaving town on electoral business, I hear that a celebrated West-End confectioner has had cancelled nearly a hundred orders that were entered in his books. This must mean actual loss, or rather disappointment of antici- pated gain. The Prince and Princess of Wales stay in town another week, and then are to go to Denmark, where there is to be a gathering of the Danish royal family, which is now an annual affair. The King and Queen of Greece, the Emperor and. Empress of Russia, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the Duchess of Cumberland will meet again as heretofore in the old home; and so they keep alive in their hearts tender memories and warm affections that but for such simple interchange might perish. I have just read that the private income of the Empress of Russia—her pin money, in fact— amounts to £120,000 sterling English money. Whatever cares this young lady may have, pecuniary embarrassment cannot be numbered among them. "Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel, lower the proud," so sang our Poet Laureate— and raise the humble be might have added, since this is what the erratic dispenser of good and ill luck often does. The Princess Dagmar in her maiden home had about £20 a year to dress on, and made her own gowns; now she is Empress of Russia with a private purse of £120,000 a year, absolutely at her own disposal, over and above the vast revenue accruing to her husband from the State and private and personal property. The Grand Duke of Hesse is coming to England with his two younger daughters. It is thought our Queen desires to forward a match with one or other of. the sons of the Prince of Wales, but if report be right the younger heir to the British throne is in love with his cousin Princess Victoria of Teck, a match that is greatly discouraged by his royal grandmamma. Princess Victoria is one of the prettiest girls in London, and her mother— wise woman that she is—dresses her daughter most becomingly. At the Eton and Harrow match, at Lords, she was by far the most charming among England's fair daughters there assembled. Her dress was brown surah silk, worn with a brown straw bonnet, which had a deep dent down the back, and was ornamented with standing up bows and pink roses. The Duchess of Teck wore black ottoman silk and mantle of the same material, both richly embroidered with iridescent beads. Ill health having hitherto prevented my seeing "Faust," as performed by Mr. Irving's company at the Lyceum, I took advantage of the tickets presented to me by the famous lessee, and on the comfort obtained by stall seats had an opportunity of witnessing one of the grandest triumphs of histrionic ability. I think I must try my best to describe what I saw for the benefit of my readers abroad; with- out seeing the play, however, it is absolutely impossible to form an adequate conception of the wonders, and I may say the terrors, of the piece, otherwise it is almost impossible to realise how subtle, how startling, how terrible are the revelations made to those who see in every representation of character more than the mere surface delineation of a borrowed part. Even in comedy such a spectator is often moved to sadness, for the intensely comic is but one step removed from tears. Who does not re- collect the story told of a celebrated comedian who went to consult an equally, celebrated physician? Having prescribed all suitable remedies, the doctor then said, "And now, sir, go and have a good laugh. Go and see Liston." Curiously, the patient, de- pressed, miserable, and dyspeptic, was none other than the great comedian him- self. Nightly convulsing his audience with merriment whilst himself a prey to the deepest melancholy. I consider "Faust" one of the saddest and most subtle plays ever put before the public, not excepting the immortal tragedies of Shakespeare himself. These or rather their counterparts in our time are happily rare, and few playgoers need to lay their lesson to heart, nor find in their own bosoms the temptations against which the magical scenes depicted would seem to warn them. Spite of adverse opinions entertained by many wise and good men, the stage at its best is undoubtedly a great moral teacher. Shakespeare evidently intended his plays should uphold right and reprobate wrongdoing, and even plays of lesser merit invariably, like Æsop's fables, supply a moral. Not many days back I heard a wise, large- hearted man say he could not see how society could pos- sibly be amused or benefited by such a play as "Faust." I do not think the most superficial among playgoers could be exactly amused— entertained would, I fancy, better express the feelings of a majority. To thinking persons, a minority of course, the piece is fraught with far more pain than pleasure. I speak of pleasure as the word is generally understood. A painful fascination combined with admira- tion of the subtle representation of the chief actor carries one breathlessly to the end. But we also get glimpses of the arch-fiend in moments of terrible and appalling supremacy. Anything more realistic and awful than the Brocken scene, when the witches and evil familiars hold their yearly revels on the highest summit of the Hartz Mountains, cannot be imagined, far less described. Laughter, de- moniacal and mirthless, mingling strangely with shrieks, yells, and other sounds of fiendish merriment, added to shouts of derision, as an ancient ghost declares his inability to scale higher the rocks he has been climbing for 5,000 years. These scenes combine to form a suificiently terrible picture, strengthened, however, by the sight of flames and sulphur- ous smoke, vomited forth in the background, accompanied by forked lightning and the bel- lowing of thunder that would seem about to tear the heavens asunder. Involuntarily I stopped my ears and closed my eyes, but a horrible fascination compelled me to look again. There, in his own peculiar domain, triumphant and terrible, stood the spirit of evil incarnate. Presently, the stage being darkened, a fierce concentrated light was centred on the blood-red figure, throwing it into awful prominence; then there were spit- tings of flame, and soon the whole stage and its occupants were wrapt in sheets of lurid flame, mingled with flashes of lightning and the deafening crash of thunder, and so the cur- tain fell, leaving us astounded and horrified, yet withal admiring. Throughout, according to all tradition, the spirit of evil is ever present. In the play he is seen everywhere, and at all times untiringly aiding, abetting, beguiling, suggesting, pandering, and at last having accomplished his purpose, with fiendish malice and horrid glee, confronts his victims with their misdeeds, and tries to convince them the door of repentance and mercy is fast closed against them for ever. Faust, having already sold his soul, is hurried off in the custody of his terrible master; but Marguerite, falling prone at the foot of the cross, is reclaimed by Heaven at the last moment. The scene in the cathedral is perfect, the swelling of the organ, the chanting of the choir, mingled with the voices of the worshippers, so favors illusion that one had to look well around to realise that this was no devout congregation, but a wrapt audience awaiting some expected denouement. Mr. Irving's con- ception of the character is truly wonderful. There is in the airiness, in the impudent devilry (pardon the word), with which he in- vests it something so subtle, so inimitable, and so fiendish that imagination fails to con- ceive anything more terribly appropriate. The attitudes occasionally assumed by the chief actor are wondrously suggestive. With his hideous leer and ingenious poses, combined with other attributes, he is more than a personification—he is the dreadful archetype of wickedness and impudence. Considered as a spectacle the piece is mar- vellous. As a psychological study it is both painful and humiliating, for it holds up the mirror to nature in a way that cannot fail to astonish those who think they know them- selves best. It is when everyday vices, in all their nakedness and deformity, are so held up to view, and the dire consequences of even unpremeditated wrong-doing are spread before us, with all the frightful complications springing therefrom; and when the weakness of human nature in its resistance of evil is made apparent by tampering with conscience, the spaciousness of false sophistry, and all other subtleties of feeling, tending downwards to some awful unexpected issue; it is, I say, when the poor human heart is so dissected bit by bit before our eyes, and all its secret impulses and desires laid bare, that the lesson steps in, and we shudder and fear for ourselves, consciously in the presence of an assiduous and insidious foe, who sneers at our weak resolutions, laughs to scorn our excuses, and always assails and often confuses us where most we deemed ourselves invincible. One is literally enthralled by the terrible subtlety and bitter cynicism with which Irving plays the part of the Father of Evil. Yet it is scarcely the stupendous creation of Milton that the actor essays. It is rasher an evil familiar, a crafty, sneering, jibeing, unportunate devil—I fear I must use the objectionable word, for none other seems to convey so exactly my meaning. "Faust" deals with problems which appeal to us all, both high and low, vulgar and refined; there is no phase of life, no secret of passion, which it does not touch upon; its magic is universal; and it would seem that Wolfgang Goethe best understood how to manipulate these secrets, and this magic, and how to pre- sent them in their most telling guise. The death is announced of the once noto- rious courtesan, Cora Pearl. She was at one time the most celebrated woman in Paris, whose dresses, turnouts, &c.;, were copied by the most elite as well as the most virtuous women in France. As a matter of fact, her name was Emma Crouch. She was the daughter of an Irishman, who will always remembered as the author of the popular song "Kathleen Mavourneen." Cora Pearl dated her downfall from the proof of heedless- ness she gave when one of her admirers, who, having spent his whole fortune upon her, was contemptuously repulsed by this infamous woman, and in despair attempted his life by shooting himself through the head at her feet. "He was the only son of his mother, and she was a widow." The rash act did not prove fatal; but the extreme heartlessness of the woman, who had squandered the youth's for- tune, was evinced by regret that the infatuated young man had spoiled a new carpet by his rash act. Even the fickle and frivolous Parisians condemned the unfeeling woman, and she was soon after compelled to leave Paris. About four years ago a friend of mine visiting Monte Carlo and its gaming saloon encountered the ci- devant beauty. She was then about 50 years old, but by the aid of powder and paint at a distance might well have passed for 25. She staked whatever the gentlemen in the saloon would advance for her, and was not slow to ask when offers were not voluntarily forth coming. The career of this wretched creature closed in Paris, the scene of her former splendors; here she expired in abject misery, and was indebted to strangers for the means to provide a grave for her worthless remains. Some of the great ladies of Parisian society, at one time in a certain sense rivals of this cele- brated courtesan, generously contributed to the fund which gave her decent burial. It is said Cora Pearl was "uneducated and coarse to the last degree, yet for all, her career was one of womanish triumph through many years. Her extravagance was extraordinary, and the money she once spent on a single vase in her elaborately-furnished but really tasteless home represented a thousand times more than her personal property at the time of her decease, for, as I said, Cora Pearl was indebted to charity for the coffin that enclosed and for the earth that covered her. Better a million times to go to her grave unnoticed and unknown than to live and die under the circumstance related, and with such an evil reputation as I have de- scribed. It is believed a biography of Cora Pearl will shortly be published, as letters found in her possession throw light on subjects that many persons may be interested in and be anxious to read, partly from curiosity and partly from other motives. In any case such reading as these revelations furnish is hardly likely to be healthy or improving. Indeed, the disgraceful divorce case which has for months been before the public, and in which a certain foremost Liberal leader is so deeply implicated, furnishes anything but desirable reading, but the taste of the public for such a class of literature is conspicuously evident by the eagerness with which the daily morning and evening papers containing the horrible details of this phenomenal case—let us for the credit of humanity believe it phenomenal—are bought up. 