A Tale of Linlithgow. From the time that King James VI. had left Scotland to 1746, there was always a number of servants, male and female, kept in Linlithgow Palace, under the superin tendence of the Livingstone family, who were the hereditary keepers. About what particular time the following sad event took place tradition saith not ; indeed, the event itself is almost entirely forgotten. Among the domestics was Bob Hendeison, a rollicking youne fellow, who was a sort of major-domo, but who had none of the pride of that class of people. There was also Jenny Glen, who might have been called housekeeper. She was loved and respected by both gentle and simple in the town and palace. It was long known that these two were lovers, and that in a short time they were to be married. - One night, after sundown, Jenny set out for the town €6 see hei mother. The road, though short, was very lonely, having to pass the graveyard ; but Jenny said she never had seen anything worse than herself. She£did not believe in ghosts, and as for bad people, she would give as good as they gave if they meddled ?nith her. That day Bob had killed a tvro-rear- old quey, and had got it salted and put past. He came into the kitchen to wash himself, and heard that Jenny was away to the town. ' Eh, Bob, did she no tell you she was gaun f' says Nanny BelL ' Od, I wad gie her a bonny fricht, if I were you.' ' 'Deed, she deserves it,' said Bbb ; 'but 1 suppose she thinks I'm tired. Is it kng since she gaed awa?' ' Oh, yes; she'll maist be on the road back by this time.' In two or three minutes Bob again appeared — Uiis time with the bide about him, and the horns on the top of his head. The girls screamed with fright, and when they came to themselves declared it was the very thing to frighten Jenny. 'Fricht Jenny!' says Nanny; 'a' the folk in Lithgow winna fricht Jenny. She'll gang through a' the palace be it dark or licht, 'where neither fid nor lass daur gang.' Jenny meantime had been at her mother's, aad had told her that she was engaged to be married to Bob Henderson, and the maister had agreed to rent him 25 acres of Park head Farm at the term, at a fair rent, and employ him at ' orra' times about the palace. The mother was much re joiced at the news, as Bob was a great favourite of hers. . 'When about half-way up the Kirkgate, Jenny saw a strange animal approaching, like a large hog, and grunting like one. She moved close to the wall, where she knew there were plenty of loose stones lying. Lifting the first one that came to* hand, and waiting till the beast came close to her, she made a dash at its head. With a groan the creature fell at her feet, ?when. Jenny, Tyithout speaking, walked as fast as she could to the palace. When she entered she was met by winks, nods, and suppressed laughter. At last one of them asked her if she had not seen something curious. Jenny, struck all at once, said, 'If any of you have tried to frighten me, speak, for I have killed it.' 'Oh, dear! it was Bob Henderson, cried Nanny. 'It's a' my faut.' But Jenny was off, followed by all the girls. When they came to the part of the road where the affray took place, they found Bob's corpse lying enveloped in thequey'e hide. Life was quite extinct, and a depression in the skull showed where the stone had done its dreadful work. Poor Jenny threw herself upon the body, but never spoke; indeed, she never uttered a word till the funeral, three days after wards, when she cried, 'I'm gaun to Bob,' and sank down and expired. — ' Octogenarian,' in Scottish American Journal. 