ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ? ' (By The Ghost.) '?' ?? : '; Politics for the- nonce' are shelved. While' on' the' one^ hand ^Ministers are^ .busily engaged in preparing the ineasures to;be, submitted to Parliament on it's , meet- ing, in June next, the Opposition are util ising, the j dead season, in organising, their forces and. selecting. ar-leader. -: The public, liowever,!: show, little 'interest1 in ''? the im 1 pending' struggle. ; between the ' '.ins ? and ' ? the ' ' 'outs,' ' attention being at , present', .'concentrated '; on the proposed ?cession -to' France by' Great' Britain of ' the; .New, Hebrides.,; Since jthe^ days- of the anti-; transportation agitation in; yictoria; never ? perhaps ihas, any question' not immediately, of. a- domestic ikind: provoked such an intense' feeling j and -if 'Mr. Gladstone is' jiyeak', enough 'to1 allow 'this1 'crownifag|, insult' to be 'offered, to Australasiai, he will indeed have done' much towards indefi.- , nitely postponing the Imperial federation, of which hiscblleague 'Lord Eosebery . was wont.when;Onihisvisit;to; us'so eloquently : to discourse. Meetings !to protest against the cessionto France of territory discovered byi English navigators, and in-redeeming which from , savagery ; and . cannibalism, iBritish .blood and' British treasure have been ungrudgingly poured, out, arp to b;e. held'in the '; .chief centres ?of population.; The Australian Natives' Association are vieing .with ' the' old-: identities in passing' resolutions protesting against the outrage the mother! country contemplates perpe-: trating on the most loyal- portion of ? her , o'iitlying(r possessions. , Were Australia unanimous, ' even' the Gladstone Ministry wouldj ;hardly * dare disregard her united voice ; but 'unfortunately New: Zealand is lukewarm over the matter, and New South Wales, for reasons best known to.herself, favours the. occupation of the -New He brides by a: foreign power.: 'The sister colony '—as Victoria is in the habit of styling her eastern neighbour— has turned traitor to the cause of Australian in terestsj' and as' in the case^of, New, Guinea,' .when Sir^ Alexander Stuart and his colleagues 'made;,, secret ... representations , to. : the, ?Colonial ,' OiBce . ihat ; , the r. annex ation i .. of [ New !?. Guinea .. would not meetiwitb her 'approval, : again has New South Wales shown her willingness to ,all6w possessions whioh by right of dis covery; prior occupation1) arid.' proximity to' our shores, undoubtedly form part of Aus tralasia, jto.be bartered away .to the; Fore igner. Or can it be that fellow-feeling which the; poet tells us makes : us wondrous kind, prpmpts.the oldest of the Australian group of colonies to hold out. the right hand: of fellowship to the felonry of France, and that the action of Victoria's neighbours is due to' the old taint, -which has pot yet had sufficient time to become extinct in her' population P ; . . :'; The -:., old proverb anent famil iarity breeding contempt is : receiving a new illustration in connection with the Factories Act. Not content with fixing the' penalties for its infringement by de faulting stioopkepers ,who evade the law vby ? keeping open until.' all hours,' at. ridiculously small sums, the Melbourne City. Council has. granted permission to all applicants who have expressed a desire to do so, to keep their shops open long beyond the legal hours. Already has along list of exemptions been framed and this has recently been strengthened by the inclu sion of drapers, clothiers, watchmakers, jewellers, booksellers, uinbrellamakers, second hand goods , dealers, . and pawn brokers. Never perpaps, on any previous occasion, has any law been so systimati cally set aside. And as out of evil good sometimes arise, perhaps our legislators -vill learn from the want of success that has attended their effort to compass by legislative means, an end that should.have been gained by 'moral suasion,' to limit their labours in the direction of passing 'grandmotherly' statutes, and not en deavour .to interfere with the liberty of :thesubject so dear to all British commu nities/ as they have undoubtedly done in the: Factories and Workshops Act. It has lately. been_ made apparent that ?not1 only ; is Victoria 'Paradise for the working man,' but that many of the de ligh'ts of Eden can there be compassed also, by the man who does not work. The insolvency ' of Mr. H. Mortimer . Franklyn, the projector of the Victorian ?Review, the Federal Australian, and the World newspaper. In his examination before the insolvent court, that gentleman admittedthat, landing in Victoria with a 'capital of; 'twenty- fo'ur'i shillings, he ' had been able during a career often years in Victoria to live at the rate of between 'seven hundred and fifty and eight; hundred pounds a»year,' and contract debts, to the tune of upwards of thirty ?thousand pounds. In connection with this somewhat extraordinary case two things are apparent. Firstly, that 'running ' newspapers is not all beer, and skittles to those who embark their ' capital Id ' such enterprises, and, secondly, that the colony of Victoria is oneidf ;,tKo cheapest spots in the world a man ,of .'mean's, can select as a residisrice. Although ';Mr., Franklyn kept four car riages, five servants, and'a stud of horses, his i annual expenses only reached ;the modest sum! he named 1 'When it is borne iri'mind tlmt'Mr. Franklyn during.his ten: years of tesidehce in bur midst was spend ing 'other people's money,' his modera tion is indeed worthy of the highest, com mendation. ? :' Mr. Peter Campbell, widely .. known throughout the Australian colonies as the 'bush missionary,', is once more before the. public. After for some years peram bulating the colonies as an itinerant preacher of the Gospel and temperance lecturer, in an- evil hour ? about two years since he decided;upon taking to himself a wife. -Thematrimonial.lines of the rev ereiid gentleman did not fall in pleasant places, and after a fortnight's experience ofj wedded bliss he was. brought before the Police Court by his blushing bride charged with cruelty, and in default of finding sureties to contribute, the -'sum of ten shil lings weekly towards ? the ' support of his 'better half,' lodged in, .her Majesty's gaol in Melbourne. Beleased on promising after, a twenty months'/incarceration to comply with the ? order : for maintenance, his liberty was but; short lived. Alas for the blue ribbon ! ' Its wearer, the strong inVeigher against ferinented and spiritous rliquor,;, was. found by !a 'gentleman in blue/' reclining prone' in the gutter, arid once more, Vlbged, in durance vilei next morning dealt with, by the magistrates at the City ;P,qlice Court after, the accustomed arid time honoured . fashion. One aspect of ? Mr. Campbell's case, is somewhat curious, arid certainly^ goes far to disprove the theories of those who consido that impris onment is calculated rto exert a reforming influence. ' The erratic gentleman who 'in his time' has playpd,'.' many parts' entered the portals of the prison 'as a ?Minister of the Gospel and; a teetotaller. He emerges only to get beastly drunk,, and. to describe hithself in ithe watch-house charge sheet as /.' a freethought lecturer !'? , . It would almost appear as if crime like small-pox, nieaslesj and the . other ills to which flesh is heir were epidemic. ' The news of the defalcations of the officials of the Bank of , South Australia has hardly been made public, before a similar scandal occurs in connection with the City. of Mel bourne' Bank in Victoria, and the Bank of New Zealand in Sydney. Perhaps the -lenient^ manner in which' the culprits 'or ? conviction are.: dnalt with by the judges may 'have something to do j with \ these, : gigantic robberies. Apart frorn the loss of character which a sentence entails on its recipient, two years imprison 'meht. as a punnishment . for embezzling iBOOOO appears a ridiculously inadequet punishment, and there must be in nearly every community, quite a number of people prepared to go into; the retirement of a gaol for longer or .shorter periods, when such retirement is, solaced at the rate of ,£4500 per annum/ ..While the.peopTe of 'New' South Wales and South Australia are loudly clamouring for' work to do, the operatives of Melbourne areequally loud in their griimblingsof being overworked. . / ''':..: 'The latest protest .of the down trodden labour is that of the operations of the Mossrs. Miller's cordial factory. The hands struck because they were asked to keep expensive machinery, costing .£60,000, going during fifty-four hours in each week, instead of during forty-eight hours, which they deemed a sufficient time. Timely con cessions on both sides averted what at one period of the; dispute, threatened to be a total suspension of the :works. As rope makers^ the Messrs Miller doubtless, were aware of the proverb anent giving wilful persons rope enough, and.were thus enabled to end the strike by acting in accordance with the proverbial injunction. 