Spleen. Generous appreciation has character ized the remarks of the Press on Sir Thomas M'Iiaveaitii, for on all hands has the late leader of . tho Opposition received that tribute to his merits and abilities which they certainly, deserve, and which even his most inveterate political antagonists can afford to yield him. The exception, however, proves the rule, in this as in other things, and here and there in a few isolated cases do we find the fable of the dead lion kicked by the ass, repeated. For the credit of journalism in Queensland, 'we are glad to find that the -instances in which a* paltry splenetic spirit is) 'exhibited are so very few, that the attitude renders the lack of generosity and justice all the moro conspicuous. Among those who have taken up this invidious pos-, ition is the Northern Miner, .which devotes a leader - to ? 'the subject; and abuses Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith with a virulence that is fortunately ' un equalled among our contemporary .news papers, and in which the chief actions of one who is decidedly the greatest states man 01 Australasia, are condemned and held up to reprobation. Writingas itdoes to and for miners, it is natural that tho Charters Towers organ should vituper ate Sir TnoiiAs M'Ilwraith' s action with regard to colored labor, for there is always a certain section of men in the North whom nothing can convince that plantations and a certain proportion of re gulatedblack labor, imply increased pros perity with increased demand for skilled white labor. There are few who com pare the position tropical agriculture occupies now, with what it promised to hold at the time the late leader of the Opposition was at the head of affairs, hut must acknowledge that the present augurs very poorly tor the future. Agriculture is after all the mainstay 'of a country, and has Mr Griffith not stifled it in the North ? If we are living in the Liberal Paradise the Northern Miner seems to imagine, the country has little to show for it, 'and would per haps, taking second and best thoughts,' prefer that increase of trade, that general advancement of the colony which characterised the -regime of the late Government. 'With a bitterness that is almost unexampled, the Charters Towers journal imputes personal and sordid motives to everything that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith . did. Sordid, motives, according 'to the Miner, caused him to advocate coolie labor to initiate the Torres Straits Mail Ser vice, and to support tho TransContin ental Railway. Yet sugar without black labor is defunct ; the Mail Service is acknowledged tohavobccn laden with benefit to the colony ; and the TransCon tinental Railway — well had wo got it, the opening up of valuable country would have been accomplished ero this, and the debt contracted in order to gratify the greed of clamorous sup porters by the construction of useless railways avoided. The colony was pro mised an alternative to the Gulf line, is there any prospect of it being ever ob tained and |has not the ten million loan been squandered to silence noisy followers? We are told that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith 'mado a grand push to utilise Queensland for his own profit and aggrandisement ; ho boldly declared to his followers ' go in for plunder,' and they went. A wave of demoralisation swept over the colony ; all classes were seized with a msul pas sion for money ; even conventual es tablishments grabbed sugar lands on tho Johnstone. Tho colony was seen rolling downwards with pelf and greed and black slavery, when its conscience awoke at tho voice of Griffith, - who proached the now but ever old gospel I that the white race must dominate in Queensland, that Queensland was not a hunting ground for syndicates, for English land-grabbers, and that it should he kept pure and intact for white people, and that no colored labor should continue to disgrace it in the oyes of civilisation.' Is this wild and ferocious attack in accordance with the truth or is it not rather tho case that what is here called speculation was based upon a calculation of what the colony could become, but never did becomo under its new leaders ? . Verily, there are no investments now sought on the Johnstone River either by ' con ventual establishments' or arty other capitalists, while as for the superiority of the white. race, if the Miner trans lates that tho ascendancy of the work ing man that fallacy has exploded, and the country has long since learned that the gospel Mr. Griffith preaches is practically the advancement of tho squatter and has nothing in common with the laboring man. AV'o are told by our contemporary ' that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith entered politics to make a big thing, and that this explains his readiness to introduce Kanakas, Coolies, and all the scum of the Pacific. This helped him and his planter friends to make money, the best sugar lands in tho North were given away almost for nothing, to his friends and followers.' If this be the case, then, M'Ilwraitii's big things, his scum of the Pacific, his goodness to his friends, added to the wealth of the colony, advanced the settlement of the North, increased the expenditure of money, whereas the goodness of Mr. Griffith to his friends is characterised by no such results. The deserted plantations for sale at a price that would hardly cover the value of tho iron in the mills, tes tify the utility of tho scum of the Pacific in a manner that cannot be disputed, and which was acknowledged by some of the most ardent supporters of the Ministry after a tour in the North. It is better to sell Gov ernment land at a price that brings it .within . the roach of all, than lock it up and prohibit settle ment by a Land Act that is made in tbo interests of any party save the working men. We are finally told by this precious diatribe that the ideas of Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith were false, mean, and that theinstinctsof the colony revolted against him. The first, is in direct contradiction to what is univer sally admitted, for, in truth, a man of more truly, liberal mind, of greater breadth of views and larger ideas than the late leader- of the Opposition it would be difficult to find ''anywhere, and nowhere among: the members of the Government, unless by the aid of a microscope. The condition of the colony, and especially that portion in the North gives the lie direct to the assertion^ 'that .the present Ministry is superior to the past, and even the pre-, judiccd public of Charters Towers spiced as they like their literature, will probably acknowledge that their guide, philosopher and friend has broken the canons of good taste, and has shown a coarseness, developed a , meanees and exhibited a paltry spirit of rancour that Should shatter their confidence in him for the future. . ' Cackling. Our local contemporary has taken to cackling— a foitV proceeding indeed — and with the basest , of puns takes us to task for ' laying ' a coffin on tho rail way platform. Now if it is right to lay a ghost, it cannot surely be wrong to lay that which contains it, We are told that we have committed a gram matical solecism, but we deny the asser tion oh ovo, ; and hold that/the expres sion is thoroughly justifiable. The Ohronicle will not dispute that Byron penned fair English, and yet. in his apostrophe to the Oceah\wo find the ob noxious phrase ; . | ' Man marks the earth with ruin, his control Stops with'the shorc##*ftgTheu dost arise#.# ## And sendost liim: shivering in thy .playful spray. 'And howling to his gods where haply lies His petty hope in Borne near-port or bay. And dasliest him again to earth, there let him lay.' Byron, we know, professed a contempt for his race, but surely not to the ex tent the Chronicle would have us be lieve, surely the poet did not intend us to infer that he wished poor humanity to literally brood' over its littleness. It is true that the Chronicle may not admit the authority Childe of Harold in things literary, and for this we are sorry, hut will not however change, and with Byron— altered a little — we can only say to our worthy aud hyper critical contemporary.' ; But what care we, Better with Byron err, than shine with thee. We are unaware. of having done any thing to offend this critic, who draws his inspiration— if not his aspirates — from the well of English undcfiled,' unless it lie that our r Margaret-street friends ? arc a trifle hurt, because they themselves were not waltzing round the station at the time the unseemly ex hibition of the memento mori took place, and were thus debarred from noting the occurrence ? It may ,bo that there is a connection between funereal affairs, and this pigmy thunderor, for its leaders aro sometimes very mel ancholy, and it may be that the relation is closer than wc suppose, 'for, have wo not all read with anxious interest in the Courier telegrams lately, how tho Hon. W. H- Groom was ' a-eoughin,' when many here knew that like mother Hubbard's dog ? ? ho was laughing, or does tho Chronicle condemn the verb to lay,' because it prefers' to lie ? It may be, its reasons are laid between the two. Chronicle 1 cease discovering any more marc's nests and eeaso from filling them after discovery with eggs of your own hatch ing. Cease from making had puns on names, puns, which long ago in. the dim and distant past failod to bear the slightest resemblance to jooularity. . ? y/J i V if- . When wo wish to ' lie' we' shall follow your example, in the meantime, we prefer.- to lay,— your criticism at rest. 