TALES AND SKETCH ES. Xlor Weilillng-livo. Heb wcdding-cra I Yes, to-morrow would for over ond tlio old life ; but how glorious appeared the cxistenco upon which she was about to ontor. Sho had ovorytliing to bo graloful for, nothing to complain of. Sho bad no mothor ; but novor having 1 known a mother's caro, hor father's gj devotion rnado up for the loss. Sho aj' .glanced around at tbo confusion of Mi;Daautiful and costly things filling tlio jlroom — bor bridal trotusenu, " Suroly I am a favorito of tbo gods," p&sho; mnrmurod. Sf|>i. And it scorned so as she stood thoro sKin hor cvoning dross of delicate glcam- ggjiing silk— young, lovoly nnd radiant with happiness. Ah, yos, Honiio Desmond .Shnd been a petted darling of fortnno SSkBinco babyhood, indulged in ovory whim, iM gratified in ovory dosiro. |p ' To-night tho vory nemo of bliss had gif beon ronohed— youth, beauty, riches and i||lovG I What moro could sho ask ? m;;. "No moro I — no moro!" slio .said ||aloud, startling Sarah, tho colored maid, STwho was busily pneldng away tho dainty If wsidrobo into travolling trunks. s|' " What you say, Miss Hemic?" K . And Honiio smiled and said : "Am I protty onough to-night, s|; Sarah 1" & " Lor', Misa Roniio, ain't you always sg' purtior in pink? Yar looks good omulf |ter cat. I s'peo Mnrso Phil 'II think |j| so," with a sly twinkle in hor round ® bright oyes. \- Hondo blushed, looking lovolior than iffiovor with that divino glow in her young sSfnco. Sho was a Southern girl, tho daughter a Southern planter, and though not fjpbyor largo, was a superb young creature, ;;JwitU creamy skin, amber-brown oyos nnd Sgll curved lips, red ns the heart of a JJroso.; A girl to enjoy life to the full, to ||feol ; pain or pleasuro deeply; warni, .jxurdont, sweet as tho flowers abloom on Mtho dressing-table. iMf' Tho old house was full of gucstB 'ijbiddon to'tho mnrriage, and a subdued Sfluttor of- joyful exoitoment filled it from ijgpnrlor to kitchen. Tho first dinnor-bcll ||rang, and tho girl quitted tho privacy, of gshbr room to watch for her lovor's coming ; Mbut he had already arrived, stood at tho llfootof tho stnirs waiting for hor, tall £|and . handsomo, his eager blue eyes ®oflomo with loyo's impatienco, his arms outstretched toward hor. fgiA Tho hnll waff deaorted, but had it boon gjorowdod with curious wntcliors, Phil fSfKihgsIy. would not have hooded tbom /awith that lovoly vision beforo him. Ho mounted a stop to moot hor, ho f flung his arms around hor, drew her fair head to his broast, kissing, with fond ,VtpaBsion, hor swoot warm mouth, ise " Oh, Phil 1" sho murmured, blushing Sgiteeply, but yielding to liis arms, i®. " My darling I thank God I nm with tfjyou once morel" ho cried, fervently, is! I have been nil impationoo ovor ainco |Seaving Now Orleans." 8 " Why havo you also sometimes had Ifjyagno fears lest something should ||happon?" sho aBkcd, drawing back, a pfjihado of gravity coming ovor tho radi- pSonca of her faco. pH:' " Only tho groundless fears incidental f|ffo this uncortnin life of ours, doarcst. |tjYour prosonco has put thorn all to Sight." kg " But what if something unforscon, PSmdrcamed of, should part us yet." pat " Nothing but death can partus now, Ptbelovcd. To-morrow is our wedding- |||ay. Thoro is no room in my heart for llgoubt or fear to-night, sweetheart, dpomo into tho parlor, it is desortod, and f|we may havo a fow prcoious moments to juQursolves." jjivAhd with his hand on liors, his happy, Mpassionato oyes seeking hor faco, sho |i,too gave horsolf up to tho blissful pre- ik Dinner was ovor, and Mr. Dosmond fond Kingsly woro in tho library, holding littlo private converse. Honiio had 'just left them to join her frionds in tiio .parlor ; but feeling that silence rathor tfban spceoh fitted hor present mood, slio piado up a card-party, porsuadod somo flady to sing, and leaving a comfortablo Igroup around tho blazing firo, sho stole (to the south window, flung up tho (fpsh, and leanod out into the crisp iNovembor night. '1,.,: : & How brilliantly tho stars sparklod MUid glowed in tho fieckless sky,, and. (what a sweet, subtlo scent .floated up jftom tho old garden, whose lato-bloom- (iig roses still held sway. " Hist I Miss Desmond, Miss Dos- mond 1 Shall an old woman toll your 'fortune ?" enmo in a low, sibilant whis per ; and a gaunt, fioreo-oyed, ragged old creature rose up from a crouching position under tho window. jH Tho girl started back, a faint cry on fr lips. "Who aro you?" sho inquired; iokly recovering horsolf, nnd spoaking $mewkat imperiously. Only b poor, forsakon old vagabond ; but I can toll you something, miss, that wjll drive nil that bloom from your fneo, pat light from your oyes." Hor strange, burning glance swept oyer the dainty ovoning-dross, tlio soft Boo nnd glimmoring jowoIb. Hor Brawn, wrinklod faco worked con- fjnlsively. a A bitter execration fell from her Iiered lips. Envy, rngo, linto, fed lurid fire of hor sunken eyes, tonbo Desmond had bravo blood in veins. ' Sho did not feel afraid, but was fascinated. Vhot rovolation could this poor old ituro mako to lmrm or frighten her ? y stirred hor heart. Sho could bo erous to tho poorest of God's ituros to-night. ' I do not caro to linvo my fortuno I, but hero is somo monoy. Take it . go nwny. My father would bo dis- ssod woro ho to find you hero," sho 1, gently, holding out her slim white id, with two gold pieces glittering in opon palm. But tho strango old woman drow back witli a low, scornful laugh. " Displeased 1 Ha, ha 1 I shouldn't wondor. You aro vory kind. All, yes, it is onsy for you to play tho Lady Bountiful, but I would starve — yes, starvo and rot — beforo I would touch Desmond gold. I have como to tell you somothing." Hondo grow serious, impressed in spito of horsolf. " What is it ?" " A sccrot, and ono that you ought to know. This is your wcddlng-ove7" "Yos." " A fitting timo," sho muttered, with a fiondisb chucklo. "Como out Into tho garden," Hondo glanced back into tho room. Tlio firo burned with a ruddy glow ; tlio occupants of tlio low chairs around it wero laughing and talking, and at tho piano tlio musically inclinod wero trying a now song. No ono bad heard a word of that conversation at tho window. She turned again to tlio night and to that cvil-eycd old woman, who stood watching li»r liko a grim fato, 8)10 briefly said : " I will como." Slio stepped quietly from tbo foom, took a mantlo from tlio ball-rack, flung it over bor bead, and tveut out into tbo darkness of tbo outer world. Her dclicato silk brushed (ho dow from tbo grass on tho garden-walk, and onco a rose-thorn caught tho lace on her sleeve, but on sho .went till slio came faco to faco with her strange visitor. For n moment they stood there in the midst of tlio old garden ; tho girl, young, fair and daintily clothed ; tlio old woman, bout and haggard, her poor rags flutter ing in tho crisp, frosty hrcozo, silent— tho ono oxpoctant, tlio othor wickedly oxultant. Hondo spoko first. " You must bo briof. My guests will miss mo. " Lot tliom, fools that thoy aro, I liato tliom all ; but I will not dotaln you vory long. Where is your mother — loll mo?" sho said, abruptly, leaning forward and plucking at her sleeve. Hondo recoiled from hor touch with a shudder of ropuleion. " Dead ; olio died at my birth," softly and franhly. "Died, did she I Ha Ilia I Yos, sho died at your birth, a slow death but a suro one — died to tbo world, to tho pleasures of life, to overytbiag, but they did not put bor in a grave, but in a — madbouso." " How daro you spoak so falsely I" cried the girl, hor faco blanching, a horrid chill freezing tbo warm young blood in hor veins, " 'Tis true. I know it, I snoar it? Go ask your ' father. Ob, yes, ho has deceived you all these yoars for fear tho shadow might darkon your life, but tho curso is on you, you aro doomed. Madness lurks in your blood, works in your brain. Oil, you aro young, you nrorich and beautiful, . but tlio poorest boggnr in tbo land need not envy you. Marry, and soonor or later yon will find your homo bobind tbo bolts and ban of a madhouse, ' Hcnea listened in speechless horror, Bbo no longer doubted tbo old woman's words, bat what a crushed and deadly fcoling oppressed hor. Could it bo only a hideous dream ? — would ebe wako presently in hor own pretty room, surrounded by tho costly contusion of hor bridal Iroutteau I . Ah, no, no, it was no dream, hut cruel reality 1 Bather had all that liappy past boon a dream — a brilliant but swiftly fading dream. How far away it Boomed from bor now, and what a blaok abyss of anguish and dospair lay boforo lior. " Hoavon havo morcy upon mo," sbo whispered, hoarsoly, feeling sbo bad no othor rctugo now. Tbo old woman clutcliod her round, tender wrist in a cruel grasp. " Do you want to know why I toll you this carefully guarded secret? It is my vongcanco. Long years ago I had a daughter, young and fair as yon. Hor lover was your father's overseer, and on thoir wodding-day thoy bunted liim down, and Mr. Desmond, tbo rich ilantor, bad him dragged away to prison rccause hq-tJis4 stole a paltry sum of monoy : frpjnini v. Hoavon I sho died in my armff£($£;8hb-)vas but a delicate croaturo, and"T"vqwbd 'sbo should bo. ajrbngcd. Blow for wow, lifo for life, id my motto. Go back to your guests, to your lover and your wedding finory, but romombcr, romember I" And with that last word ringing through tlio air, slio vanished. "Can I over forget 7" moaned tho girl, stumbling up the path liko a croaturo blind and drunken with anguish, " Ob, fathor, why did you spare mo ? Ob mother, where ore you to- nigbt?" Sbo folt choking, and pulled tlio lapo ruthlessly away from her white throat.-- Wlint a fato tQ bo raised to tbo hoight of human bliss, only to be dashed down into a bottomless pit of dospnir. All tlio timo ono thought kept beat ing through hor brain, " It is my wodding-evo." A burst of gay laughter floated out from tbo parlour as sbo stumbled wearily up tlio stops. It mado bor shudder, and yet an hour ago, slio bad joined in that mirth, tbo happiest of nil. Sbo stole through the ball until she enmo to tbo library-door. Tlicro sho stopped for a moment, palo and wan as some wandering spirit of sorrow. Iler father sat in ids easy choir, smoking ; while talking to bim her lover stood loaning against tlio mental. How noble I10 looked — how bravo nnd hand somo. Her yearning oyes dwelt on him in an olcrunl farewell. Eternal ? Oh, would thoy not bo permitted to meet wbon death bad set thorn free from earthly bnnds? If bo had only raised hie ovos and looked on that blanched faco, those sad eyes 1 Bat, unconscious of hor near ness, unconscious of tho power working against the fruition of Ills happiness, he stood thoro talking and thinking of to- morrow. . Bcndo strotchod ont her hands, sad hor lips moved in a whispered farawcll ; then slowly she moved on up tho stairs to hor own room, Oa tho threshold sho mot her maid. " Good heavens I Miss Hondo, what Is do mattor I" sho cried, storting back from her young mistress's changed ap pearance In afiriglit. " Hash I I am only tired. Do' not lot mo bo disturbed no-nlgbt. I intend to rotiro at onco.', " But, Iionoy— " " Please go, Sarah, I do not need you." And sbo cfosod and locked tho door against bor faithful sorvant'a in trusion. The room bad been put in porfcct order, tlio trunks woro packed, and on s low couch her wedding-dross lay care fully spread out, with wreath and voil across it. How the sight mocked hor pain. With a despairing cry, sho flnng hor solf down on the floor, and morciful tears, savod hor from going mad then and thoro. Never in all her young lifo had alio shed such torrents of tears boon shaken with such dcop sobs ; for never boforo bad real sorrow laid its burden upon hor, and this was a thing to crush oven tho stoutest-hearted. At last she roso up, calmer, but wofully nolo and subdued, a girl no longer, but a suffering woman. An impulso to go away secretly had como ovor hor. With fovorisb hasto sho ohanged bor evening dress for a plainor ono, put hor porso in her bosom, anil laid out a hat and clonk. Tben sbo sat down and wrote a short noto to hor father, a pitiful little mossago explaining tbo cause of her flight, and ontrcating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid. on her dressing-table, sbo moved slowly and softly about tlio room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all the pretty familiar things ondcarcd to Iter by a thousand happy associations. Abovo tho mantlolpicce hnog bor lover's picture, richly framod and ttio most precious of all her treasures. Sho mused boforo it, tearless, but with leaving breast, hor poor passionate heart qnivoring, almost breaking. " Oli, lovo lovo, how can I giro you up? Yet 'tis batter that than I should ruin your lifo. Hcavon forbid that I should do itl Good-by, good-by, for ovor 1" and sho turned away, not daring to look again into thoso pictured oyes, lest, her courngo should after all fail. At last alio was ready, and opening her door sho glanced out. Tlio houso was all quiet, tho hall dark and do- sorted. Bho went out and with noiseless stops groped hor way downstairs. With shaking hand sho fnmblod at tho fasten ings of tlio front door. Slio thought olio beard footsteps on tlio uppor floor, and listened in breathloss terror. It was only a falso alarm, and open ing tlio door, sbo stopped out ond board it closo. bobind hor with a chilling shudder. . Bbut out in tho cold and darknoos, sho, the darling of fortuno, tho glory of her father's houso, tho bolovcd of Phil Klngsly's heart, and yat sbo faced it with loss shrinking tbsn sbo could havo faced pitying friends, a sfaamo-strickon father, a luko-warm lovor. Half a dozen hounds bounded up to meet her, baying deeply, but nt tbo sound of hor low, swoct voice, crouched at Iicr foot with whines of dolight. With a soothing word sho wont swiftly down tho walk, and so away from bor homo, and it was hor wedding-ovo. » Tlio wodding-day dawned cioar and brilliant with a lino hoar-frost lying on leaf and flower. At Desmond's tlio housoholdwcro astir oarly, for thoro woro yet many things to do boforo tho bridal fossl was spread. Suddenly a strango cry rang through tlio houso ; a cry of apprehension, of alarm— tho brido could not bo foand. Hor bed was untouched, bor ovoningdrcss lay in a crumploil heap on tbo floor, bat sbo ' bad vanished. Mr. Desmond's ruddy face paled a littlo, but ho called it only a foolish woman's oxcitomont until ho road his daughter's noto. Then I10 staggered bsck with a fierce cry : " Oh, Heaven I it is truo sho has loft us," Guests and servants wero gatbored around him, nil cagor, all curious, and Pliil Kingsly stood at his elbow, polo and rattier stern. " What does it moan 1" he domnndod, "Sho has boon listening to somo cruel lies," " You lio yourself, Iloyal Desmond ; 2 told her only tbo troth," screamed a shrill voico, and a haggard old woman pushed her way through tho crowd until sho stood facing tlio master of tlio house. " You havo forgotton me, prob ably, bat I havo not forgotten you, Jtoyal Desmond, nor tho rovengo I swore to wreck on you for dragging tny girl's lover off to prison and breaking her heart. You murdered hor 1" sho cried, wildly ; " but I — I was moro morciful to your pretty idol. I only told bor tbo truth about hor mother, and tlio fato awaiting bor, pampered, spoiled pet that slio was," " And would you toko vongcanco on an innocent dofonsolcss girl ?" said Kingsly, sternly, Sho laughed fiondisbly. " A lifo for a lifo, young sir ; hotter bo ttiankful you havo escaped a mad woman. Oh, it would have wrung your heart to haro witnessed liar horror, her anguish 1" "Woman, are you fiosli and blood, or demon 7" hoorsly demanded tbo planter, " Demon, jnst what you made mo. I only liopo you will now feel a pang of what I bavo suffered. You may talco mo, kill mo, for what I bavo dono, I will havo lied my rovengo," " And a poor rovengo It will prove when I tell you sbo is my daughter only by adoption." Ho turned to Ills listen ing guests, a haughty flush mounting to his flno faco. " My frionds, this woman's Insano angor against mo makes It neces sary to tell yon a vory painful story. It lias ;bccn kopt a secret from a foolish fear tlmt it might cloud my girl's lifo— sbo is ray girl — though no drop of my blood flows In hor veins. You know, somo of you, tlmt my wlfo died fn sn fnsano asylum only a fow yoars ago. Her mind began to fail soon after wo woro marriod, and sbo grow muoir worso after hor child died. Wo travelled through tbo North, and ono night wo stopped at a hotol in a little town whore a Southern woman lay dying, Sho had a lovely littlo girl, a mere baby, and tlio thought of loaving it alone fn tho world, distressed hor beyond moasuro. My wife took a strango fancy to tho littlo ono, and at last wo logally adopted her ; and from that day to this sho has been iny girl, my Hcnio, my treasure, but would to heaven I had told hor this and spared hor much suffering." His head bowod, ond ho tenderly smoothed out tho littlo noto, "How desperate hor shamo and misery must bavo rendered hor, to causa bor to run away fn tho dead of night— slio, so young, so tenderly sholtorou from all tho rough winds of boinan sdvorslty," ho murmured, brokonly. In tho deep silonco that followed Mr. Desmond's explanation tbo old woman crept out, baflled, crcastfallon, ami wbon tbo nogrocs would bavo foil upon hor. and punished bor, Kingsly restrained them. " Let bor go, sbo can do no more mischief," Then ho touched Mr, Des mond on (bo arm, "Houso yourself, sir. Wo must And Rendo," " Yos wo must find her, Ob, 1'hll, where can sho bo, my poor girl, my dar ling I" . And Phil set bis lips bard together, and turned from tho sight of tlio wedding favours lying on tlio table, Alas 1 for his happiness. How swiftly, cruoly it had boon destroyed 1 Just a week sinca alio bad left bor father's houso, and yet to Rondo Dos mond, sitting in tho sunshino in front of nn old houso in Now Orleans, tbo time had dragged so heavily it seemed an ago, Slio sat on a boncb, hor hoad resting against a small troo, her hands listlessly folded in hor lap. There were darK rings undor her amber oyes, and 1 fixed pallor on hor smooth cheek. An old Oreolo woman eamo softly to the door; lookod at her, and shook hor bond with a dcop sigh. Sho bad been tlio girl's nurso, bor " msinmlo," nnd loved bor with devotion. What a shook ft hod been to hor to haro hor nursoling como as sho dpi. Sho could not attend tbo wedding, but sbo sat by bor lonely fire thinking of it ono evening lust at dusk, when a loud, harried knock on tbo front door startled her. Slio liastoncd to open tbo door, and there on tbo stop stood Rom So, pallid as death, a veritablo ghost, tbo frightened woman as first thought, "Ob, mnmmfo, tsko mo in, Jildo mo away from tho world, for my heart is broken I" sho jpantod, and foil faint and exhausted serosa tlio threshold, and thoro alio had been over sinco— a silont, joyless creature, so un like bor old, gay, brilliant self, ft wrung tbo woman's heart to look at lior. To-day alio sat on tbo bench in tlio sunshino, listless, hopeless, "Oh, that mastor would como," sighed old Dilorl, and scarcoly had tlio wish found utterance, whoa tho high plank goto swung opon, and Mr, Dosmond sod Phil KingsTy entered, Roniio turned her head at tho sound and started up with a cry, only to sink back again on tlio bench breathless, almost fainting. Tbo next moment sho was in her father's arms, " fiomio, my girl 1 — my darling 1" ho cried, and broko down, Ins tears falling on hor bont head. " Oh, father," sho moaned, ' why did yon bring bim with you? 1—1 cannot boar it," And tbug mastering Ills emotions, ho told hor the story ho had told to tho wedding- guests. " Had you como to mo that night my child, I wonld have told you then," I shall not attempt to toll you liow tho girl folt. Tlio revulsion from blackest despair to greatest joy uisdo her senses reel almost. At first sbo listened, palo and bewildered, tbcu sbo laughed and wept by turns, but tlio moinont of suprcmcst joy was when lior lovors arms clasped lior, her lovor's lips pressed hers, and sho know slio need novor shrink from him. Suffering had taught hor tho naturo of happiness. ' Thoy woro married that day without pomp or show of any kind, nor said Kingsly 1 " Wo will havo no moro wodding-ovos," 