THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) FROQItGUIIOK, OCR RIGHT!), AJiD OUR KXSOtT&Oia.; SANDHURST, MONDA Y, MAR 15, 1SS6 THE NEW PARLIAMENT. Parliament will moet to-morrow for the purpose of swearing in members and electing a Speaker. The former ceremony is neces sary in order to allow the newly-chosen representatives of the peoplo to draw their salaries, and one would think they should feel grateful to the Government for giving thorn so early an opportunity of enjoying the sweots of Parliamentary lifo. The gentlemen, however, who have decided upon sitting in opposition are suspected of want ing something more, as they are to meet in caucus to-day to consider the position. Tbero would bo time enough for that anon, and thero may bo ground thereforo for the supposition that this caucus means mischief. If so, it may well be protested by tho Ministry and their supporters that the procedure is scarcely fair. For, let it bo admitted that a Coalition Govern ment is not the most desirablo, still the Ministerial programme is one which meets tho views of the country gouorally, and its authors consequently should have a fair trial; and the fact has to be taken into considora tion, moreover, thai it would bp. very diffi cult at the present time to construct a Government on any other lines. The return of Ministers, with one exception which is said to have been duo to a loss of popularity on the part of tho rejected, shows that the people are not unwilling to afford the new team the chance of proving their capabilities, and any attompt to prevent thorn from getting well into harness may arouse a feel ing of popular discontent. Delay is to be deprecated, and the main item in the new policy, that of irrigation, may not any longer be dallied with. The time which will be asked for for the preparation of measuros ought to bo granted. If those measures do not coine up to the promises of Ministers the consequences must fall on their own heads, and the Opposition, if it be strong enough, will be justified in clearing the Treasury benches for occupation by others. But before any opportunity lias been given for testing the qualities of the second Coalition it will neither be fair nor prudent to throw obstruction in the way of the progress of public business. Certainly the object of holding the caucus is mere matter of surmise, but as it has boen convened on the eve of the first meeting of Parliament, it doe3 seem as if the Opposi tion were in a hurry to concoct some plan of attack to be entered upon forthwith. They may only want to measure their strength, but even that act is a menace which may possibly have the effect of dis couraging the Ministry at a time when it is not desirable that their confidence in their own power and abilities should be shaken. On the other hand, however, the gathering of their foes may not be such a terrible affair iis to have the effect of unnerving them altogether, and, at anyrate, they will gain a good idea of what they have to expect in tho way of onslaught hereafter. There is no reason for any assault on tho first formal meeting of tho House, and if any is made it will come as a surprise to tho country, for although there is undoubtedly a strong anti-coalition feeling abroad, tho apparently inevitable has been accepted, and until good cause is shown for ouster, an attempted disturbance of the new regime wilt not bo regarded with general favor. The fact is, it is seen that the present Coalition can only be displaced by another, pin>!f. thero must be found in the foremost ranks of the Opposition men not holding the same party views, Vr'lio lmvo before to day sat face to face, and would in all proba bility do so' again if party differences Should arise. As well Ji'rivo one sot of men in, suroly, as another, so ioiit,' *s tlifiy have ability and a professed desire 1a work for the good of the country. Progressive legislation of a material nature is what is wauled at the present juncture, and so far from it being desirable to throw any obstruc tion in its way, evory help should bo g!veri to pass it in as well digested a form ;ia possible. As to the choice of a Speaker, not the smallest cause can be shown for a change. Mr. Lalor lias filled tho chair to tlio satisfaction of tho House, and his ex perience ought to be taken into consideration. It would bo a pity to gag Mr. David Gaun Bon, or to atop tho mouth of Dr. Quick; and MibHj Is plenty of time before tlieso gentle men for seeking tlio fcigif of presiding Oyer the Legislative Assembly. It ia to' be hoped, therefore, that Mr. Lalor will bo ro-olected. Thk Northern* Province Vacancy.—Mr Simon Frt»sqr announces himself by advertisement elee whore as a candidate,^for tho vacantly cmsed by tlio death of tlio lion I ranefs Rot'artsqn, and will take an early opportunity ot auciieiainR the eli.c ara. Mr J. Sternberg, J. P , of .Rochester, is stated to bo a probable candidate, and Mr ,T. lleffernan, of Sandhurst, li.is also been mentioned. Mr Angus Mackay has been spoken of, but he has already declined to come forward. The Speakership.—Our Melbourne correspon dent writes I have heard it statud that Mr Gauuson will not be put forward for the Speaker ship, and that the Opposition wi 1 Jet the business proceed quietly. I »ra told that such a thinp is not at all likely, and that Mr Gaunson is not on'.y ooi tain to bo put forward, but some people consider he hai a strong following. A Deserving Cass.—On Saturday atternoon a meeting nf teachers was held in tho Cent, al School, Camp II11, for tho purpose of devising means to assist tho f.»mily of the lato Mr J3oni:cfce. There was a good attendance, and llr John Rao was voted to the chair. Mr Fox, vigneron, of Emu Greek, attended and offered to adopt one of tho otii tlrod, a hoy about ten years of aga. Mrs Wilson also offered to adopt one of the littla girls, who is at)(Jut two jear$ ami is hilf old. Both offers were recoived with tluniij, and it was decided to refer them to the family. After £ome discussion, during which several means were pro posed for raising money on behalf of the family, amongst them bein,; or.e that the S.K. S. bo asked to give an entertainment, and another suggested a concert by tho State school children. It was also resolved, on the motion of Mr Hosting, eocondud by Mr Carter, " That son.o steps be tiken to relievo tho family of tho late Mr Jieruicke." On the motion of Mr Watkiiu, it was also unanimously decided to forward circulars and subscription lists to all the teachers in the dis tr'ct. A committee, consisting of the following ladies and gentlemen, was appointed to bring up a report on tho matter at a m .o ing to be hold next Saturd >yi -M™ Wilson, Misses B-llingham, Kothorham, Murdoch, .Tories, arid Messrs Carter, Watkins, Fabian, Crook, Cook, Rao,and Palli.-sor. This committee will meet in the Central school to morrow evening at seven o'clock. The matter ap peared to be very enthusiastically taken up by those present on Saturday, and as the caso is a most deserving one thero will doubtless be a goodly stun raised. Mr Graves and Mb Deakjn.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—I he«r that the Uovorn m^nt will nut have the support of Mr Graves though ho entored tho election contest with the in tention of giving them a moderate support to carry out their policy. Tho reason of the change is s id to be a telegram which tho Chief Secretary sent to Mr Graves's opponent, who is opposed to the Government, expressing hopes for his success. The telegram was handed round the district against the interest of Mr Graves, and ho asked by wire for an explanation of it. This was not vnu hsafed till after iho olection, when Mr Deakin, without admitting or denying what had boon done, said tho Government had not com municated with Mr Graves' opponent. I don't think the result is satisfying to the elected member. iik.SDIGO agricultural qocietv.—xna mor.uuy uio>iling of the committee of the above socitty was held mi Saturday afternoon at the Beehive Ex change, the lion. D. C. Storry (president) 111 the chair. There wore ;.lso present, Messrs J. H. Abbott, w. J. Boobior, C. l'ohl, Sternberg, A. \Y. Fox, Wallis, Anderson and li. w, Ivirby. A com munication was read from Mr Martin, secretary of the department of agiiculture, in reference to the request of the society for the reservation of a por tion of the Police Reserve at Wild Duck Creek for the purposes of an agricultural college, and stating that the matter had been referred to the Agricul tural Colleges Commission, who had deforred con sideration, The data of the next show was fixed for the 20th and 2lst of October next. Mr Abbott moved, and Mr Fox seconded, and it was carried, that the City Council be requo ted to erect seats and plant trees in the Show Grounds for the con venience of the public. The sec etary suggested that an estimate of the Cost of sheep pons be obtained, and on the motion of Mr Abbott, the matlor was reforred to tho finance committee. a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. journalistic Courtesy. — The Melbourne Herald of Saturday is iudebted to this journal for tho particulars of the arrest of the Hur.tly gold robbers, published by us in the morning. Tho aiticle is, howover, appropriated without acknow ledgment, coir?, calls and Dividends.—Tho gold yie'ds on Saturday were very good for the off week, the total being over 3.000 ozs. The list was headed by a fino cako of 8S4 07.3 from Lansell'a ISO mine. The other principal yields wereShenandoah, 266 ozs; No 20 Tribute, 231 ozs; Frederick the Great, 196 ozs; Lady Barkly, 179 ozs; Biuhn's, 160 ozs; Golden i'yke, 159 ozs. The dividends were a'so large; six companies declared dividends amounting to £6,150, viz, Golden i'yke, 3j; Shenandoah, Cd; Extended i^oiith Devon, fid; Gar field, 4d, No 20 Tribute, 9J; and New Beehive, 2s. Nq_ca'ls were made during the week, TltK nKATHCOTK .LINE.— We are otticially in formed that the Railway Commissioners propose to stay in Kilmore on Tuesday night the 2Srd instant, starting for Heathcote next morning via Pyalong and Tooborac, tlienco on to Axedalo and Sandhurst, on the 2otb. They will drivo over the route of the Heathcote line. Typhoid Fever. — Our Melbourno correspon dent writes -.— Twenty-six freah cases of typhoid fever have been reported, the Alfred Hospital eon tcibutinpr 14. Two of these have proved fatal, and and at Brighton and California Gully one each hub proved fatal also Anniversary Skhvicks.—The anniversary of the United Methodist Sabbath school was cele brated yesterday, when threo special services wore conducted in tho church, Calvin street. Tho Rev S. Alford, of Elmore, officiated in tho morning, and preachcd an eloquent sermon from Jeremiah, 6th chapter, 16th verse. Tho afternoon service was conducted by the Rev H. Pattinson, who delivered an address, particularly interesting to the young people. The Rev S. Alford again occupied tho pulpit in the evoning, his text being takon from It Timothy, 1st chapter, and 12tu verse. At all tho services there were good con gregations, and on each occasion tho scholars, who were arranged on temporary platforms at the sido of the pulpit, rondored appiopriate hymns very pleasingly, Mr R. Hull acting as conductor, and Miss Hull presiding at tho harmonium ellicieotly. The anniversary will be further celebrated on Wednesday evening, when a concert will bjgivui iSnoEF, recitations and readings are to bo rendered by tbe scholars. Humorous I'itils — Some of tho pupils in tho freehand drawing class, at the recent examination at the School of Mines, manifested a deal nf oiigiuality in tho 6"lection of mottoes. One, who signed iiis w .rk " Blood will tell," hid the satis faction of being passed with credit by the exami ner, while another, who ovidently thought his wotk was not good enough to secure a place, as lie signed—"I nipposo I will havo better luck next time," also passed with credit. "Rather too warm for drawing" passed; whilo "Out of it" only r e ceived an honorable mention. "There's nae luck aboot the hoose" also passed with crodit. \\\r£SLKYAK(JHUHCH,i' OKHST street.—I ast even ing tlia hun. J. Jaraps, of Ballaraf, preach'd the Weslr.yan Church in Forest-street. He selected Iiis text from John, 3rd chapter, 30th versa—"He irni-t increaso." He referred to the condition of ttie church attliotimeof Christ's coming, ho'.v that tha Scribes and Pharisees who occupied Moses' place, exerciseda jurisdictionoverthereligioua and •ecular state. They appeared to have discredited the words of John when he said " Ho must in crease." Rut they paw that, in spite of everything they cou'd do, Christ was increasing in power, and tiie people were rallying round Him. They were at tha bottom of the persecution that followed and continued all through Christ's career. Atlast through faUe witnesses thev succeeded in putting H'in to death, and congratulated themselves upon hivinggot over a difficulty by putting Him out of the way. Though they laid Him in the Tomb ITe broke the barriers andcame forth alive. After He had given instructions to His disciples, He went back to His seat on His mediatorial throne, from which the spirit of the Holy Ghost has coma forth. The church is increasing, the co-pel is ppread into all lands, and the words of •Tnhn ara being fulfilled in spite of opposition. There was a large congregation at the service. DiaOHVRGF.nPmSO.VEV8' A id Societv,—Mr W. A. Mackav, tho secretary, will pay hi3 annual visit to Sandhurst to-morrow, for the purpo-e collecting subscriptions towards tho 1'ischarged Prisoners' Aid Society. Tho fact that there have been 300applications to the society during the past twelve months, and 5,000 for the past 13 years, should say a great deal in favor of its use fulness Mr Brett, the inspector-general, has written a letter to Mr Mackay, couched in vorv complimentary terms, testyfying to the great good accomplished by the institution, and asking the public to subscribe generously to the funds. New Books for Young Peoi>lb. — We havo received from Mr M. L. Hutchinson, tho well known publisher of Collins street, Melbourne, a parcel of Blackio and Son's new books for young people. These b >oks are by populsr authors, and are of a most entertaining character. They are handsomely bound, and ehould be largely sought after by young and old. Public Vaccinator.—Dr O. G. Taafe has been appointed public vaccinator at Rochester and Elmore, vice Dr Courtcnayj resigned. FvrkweIX Services.—Considerable interest was attaob'sd to tlio services held iu the Bibla Christian Chmti;,- Long Gully, yesterday, duo to the fact that the JJev uulm Orchard, superinten dent mini^teS- of the denomination named, and ths Kev H. Pattinson wera announced to preach farewell sermons prior to leaving for Ohristchurch (New Z.'alaud) nnd Rochester re spectively. The pulpit in the morning was occu pied by the latter gentleman, whoso discourse was based on the wordi " Who shall separate uj from the lave of Christ," contained in th* 35-h verse of tiic fith chapter of Homaus. The Rev T. J. Cory,' ot iiumuckah, who formerly superintended tho Sandhurst gircuitj and made himjo.f extremely popular hero, officiated in tho attprnoon, and was assisted by Mr Fuwler, also of Nun.urkah. The formcrffetftleman spoke on the first si^' vorsos^or ihe lltii eb'ap£ef of the Gospel jiccordlu? John, relative to d!:e lovo o.fiatiuy l)e»w® 11 Martha and Ma ry rf Cjth'auy and Christ, » " Foivler b.ised his remark's ctt the 33rd ver;e of tilt 23id chapter of St. Luke's Cfospol, having1 re fer?nco to the crucifixion of Christ. Tho Rev J. Orcb • i'f!, ?>h') was the peacher in tfic svoninpf, had " HeavoQ'' p>tf his subject, and choss as his text the 15th ver^Co? the 7th chapter of Rare lations. The conRreyatitm's during the day wore largo, and indicated the high esteem entertained for the proachers. The sermons wore' eat nest and impressive, and tho collections above the flvsraga. The departing minister', in the course of iheif fo marks, referred :o their labors in this city, and urged the members connected with the trust God had c infided in them to do their utmost to bring men m:d women to a knowledge of skis forgiven, and to 1 bor unitedly for tho advancement of God's kingdom. After the close of Mr Orchard's co'rmb'n in the evening, the choir aud congregation sang " I:\ifotfen; faithful friends," very feelingly ami an infant was bliptiaod. The Sacriunout of tho Lord's Supper was subsequently partaken of by the members of the church, and a sdemn time experienced. Tho choir during the service; ron d red s jveral choice selections of iniuic in capital sty!'-, under the baton of Mr 1\ Williams. Mr J. Harris os organist succeeded admirably. This Cfveninj a a :ci d valedictory tea will be held, and will b'e Ju'cceEikd by a public meeting. Kicked jiy a Hci«k.—A man named Thomas Knight, 53 years of rige( Was goiug to his home at Goornong on Saturday froifl Sandhurst, where ha had purchased a horse. He iVaj riding a horeo and driving the newly-purchased animiL which he struck, and the animal kicked Knight on the right leg. The injured man was brought into the hospital, where it was found that he had received mmnniinii fracture of the rifcht leg. THE SEARCH FOR CONSTABLE RYAN.—The search for the body of the late Constable Ryan was con- tinued amongst the deep shafts on the Tyson's Reef, near the Chinese Camp, Ironbark, on Saturday, by the two divers, Captain Erricson and Mr Cleel, assisted by Senior-constable Barry, Constable O'Farrell and others. No success has however, up to the present attended the efforts of the searchers. Some of the shafts contain over a hundred feet of water, and their examination is, consequently, attended with great risk. The search will be continued to-day. The CilirtssK akd the Eastkii Fair.—By the 8.8. Catherau, from China, a large coilai^nmont of dresses and fireworks, in all numbering 97 pack ages, arrived for tha Easter Fair of this year. A faint idea of the yilantity of articles received, is conveyed in the fact that it took (ivo lorry loads to cart the goods to the Ironbark Camp. No expenso is being spared by the Chinese residents, who intend m iking their turn out this year un approachable. As the work in connection with the Fair is now commenced, it behoves all those who are interested to put their shoulders to the vvlieolj to make the Fair the success of previous years. Gunpowder Acc'id'en?.—A man named Francis Flood, 32 ye us of age, was admitted to the hospi tal on Saturday, suffering; from a fracture of the riylit leg. He was charging aloe of wood with gunpowder when it exploded, and the log rolling on hiiq o.uised the injury. TjIe AI'STBaman Hakd Book.—Wo have re ceived from Meitfrj Gordon and Gotch their Aus tralian Hand Book for the current year. The work thi3 year is altogether ail irt'provement on the last, and the publishers appjared ta h ive spared neither time, trouble, nor expense to make the information correct and complete to date of pub icatiou. The book is a very valuable wo k of reference, and will no doubt bo in even greater domatid than hitherto, German Chough.—-Yesterday, at the Gorman Church, the Hev. F. Leypuldt preached two elo quent aormoiu, taking his text in the morning from St. John, 17lh chapter, 3rd verso, "And this ia life eternal that they m:ght know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus ChriBt whom thou hast sent " In the evening the text was from the Acts of the Apostles, 17th chapter, 23id ver.o, "For as I passed by and behold your devotion I found an altar with this inscription: "To the uukuown Gjd. Whom therefore ye ignoranlly worship Him decl .ro I unto you." Tho rav gentleman put -..j ™c,l thi nt> nnp^tinnn. How does ii h iDpen that the living God becomes the unknown God ? When is for the first time an altar biing erected again to the unknown God 1 In whom does God reveal himself and make himself kn.nvn? In Christ. The state of the early Christiana in Egy\\-)t, Africa and Constantinople w.is poiuted out. In conclusion, prayers were offered up for the Queen and the German Emporor. Herr Gollmick pre ided at the organ. City I'omob Court. — Messrs Edward-*, M, 'Rundell, and II. li. Anderson, Js.l\, presided at this court on Saturday, A drunkard was fined Is, with 2s G 1 cab fare, or in default '24 hours' im prisonment. Francis Vale was chvged with using threatening language. Constable Forrestal otated that notici-'g a disturbance in Mundy street on the previous evening he went there aud heard the defendant threatening to assault some one bofore he left the city. Witness then arrested the defen dant, who came quietly with him to the lockup. Sergeant Fahey remarked that the man who, he believed started the row, e'eared out ivhan he saw the polico coming. Dofendant stated that ho was a stronger in the city, and had been assaulted by four me i. He was iust threatening to re'aliate wliou the constable came over and locked him up. The bench, however, inflicted a tine of 10s, or 48 hours' imprisonment, Two Chinamen, named John Ah Wong and Hong Ifoe, tfere charged with stealing four plates, valued at £1 each) and con taining £04 worth of gold, the property of the Loyal English Gold Mining Company, at Huntly, in November last. As the prisoners were only arrested on the previous evening, Sergeant Fahey applied for a reman-1 for a week, which wa-t granted. The court then adjoiirned. Eaglehawk Police Court.—The Mayor (Mr Hay Kirkwood) and Mr Palmer, Js P., adjudi- cated at this court on Saturday. J. Martin and H. Gundry were charged by Sergeant Gleeson with depositing night soil in their gardens, and were mulcted in the sum of £10 with 2s 6d costs; in default of payment three days' imprisonment. The defendant Gundry stated he was desirous of going to prison in preference to paying the fine. Jamea Newma-i charged Patrick Dillon with no lawfully assaulting him on the 9th inst. There was also a cross case, in which Dillon charged Newman with assaulting him on the same date. Dr Quick appeared for iNowman, and Mr Rymer f-r Di lou. Newman stated that up to the dato named ho waa woikiug for Dillt-n. Ho then in tended to leave Dil oil's pl'ce, a-id waa in the act of taking away snme of bis things when Dillon rushed at h'm, knocked him down, and otherwise illtreated him. Di Ion gavo quite a different story to t^ie bonch, asser'ing that Nevman was the aggressor. The heuch stated that both parties were to blame, and dismissed b ith casca with £3 •10a 6d and £2 14a cos s respectively. Dillm also charged Newman with absenting himself from hU hired service. Plaintiff stated that Newman waa employed by him aa a woodcaiter, and he had absented himself without giving him any notice. After considering for some 'ime the bench decided to dismiss the case. The court then adjouru-.d. St. Patrick's Dat Cki.kbkatiox.—Acceptances for the sports on St. Patrick's Day close at Mr R. Williamson's residenca, Mandy jtreet, and at the residence of the secretary, Mitchell-s'.reet, this evening at eight o'clock. Known k-i jiii v Hits' Association*.—The usual weekly mooting of members of this association was hold at Hansen's Beehive Hotel on Saturday night. Mr K. Little occupied the chair, there being a good attendance. The busines-s transacted was of no interest to tho public. Three now mem bers having been admitted the meeting closed. Wesleyan Local 1'usacmeiis' Association.— This evening a tea and public meeting will bo held at the church in Forest-strec, it. connection with the above association Tho tea wilt take place i-i tiio schoolroom at ti 30 o'clock, and tho public meeting, which will be presided over by the Rev W. Ij. Blamires, president of th? conference, and addres-ed by gentlumen from Melbourne, Ballarat (Je.d up and other places, will bo held at eight o'clock in tho church. The Decentralisation' League — Thouaud meeting of this lo ague wi.l be iield in the Mayor's room this evening, when a fu'l attendance is desirod. Dkpity Registrar of Births ano De\t;is.— Mr Frank Burrib.tin has been appointed deputy registrar of births and deaths at Chewton during the absence on leave of Mr Joseph Davie. Applications for Patents. — John Wiseman, of Runn mode, black-itnith, lr:s applied for a patent for " impro\ emuuts in harrows." Robe-t Joseph Liddell and Oswald Liddell, of Sandhurst, have applied for a patent for making paint from burnt, roasted or calcined pyrites. The Wimmeka River.—The Secrotary of the Royal Commission on Water Supply has compiled the results of the giugings of the Wiinmera River ,.t {.iio Glenorchy weir, which have l een taken tince May, 1SS1. The drainage area of the riv«r basin (siys tho " Argu-,") is shown to be 70S square miles, and the rainfall over tho whole area during the last two years has varied from 120 inches to 22.', in'rhes. The proportion of the total rainfall on the watershed, pas ing down the riv> r to Glenorchy, is very small, being only 'J 1'1 per cent for tho year 18S5. The entire volume dis charged by the river during that year was about TOO millions of cubic feet, or 4,937 mil:ious of gal lons, less than twice the contents of the Coliban reservoir. Mr Murray Smith remarks that it is surprising that such a large area of country has been supplied with water for stock and domestic purposes from the river, and that the operations of the Wimmora Wa'.er Trust demonstrate how much may bo accomplished with a comparatively small stock of water by a well conceived and care fully managed system of regulation and distribu tion. 