ECHOBS OF MELBOU1BNB. (Bl THE GHOST.) " What great effects from little causes spring I" The " paltry five per cent." which Ministers propose to add to the protective duty of 15 per cent. now levied on imported woollen goods is giving rise to a debate, which is assuming the com plexion of a " want of confidence" motion. The Government have at last come to a definite decision in regard to the course they intend to take, and have announced that they will not vary their original pro position, notwithstanding the promise of the Chief Secretary that "if five per cent. was not found sufficient," the Government might perhaps propose that the duties might be increased by " another five. The battle between the mill-owners and the clothing manufacturers has thus been won by the latter. As there are only some 500 mill hands, and upwards of 3000 persons employed in tht manufacture of clothingfor export, the Ministry, actuated doubtless by a spirit of pure patriotism, and in no way influenced by any desire to favour the numerically stronger party, throw in their lot with the " biggest battalion," on which side the Great Napoleon averred Provi dence always was found fighting. Heads have been counted, and the result of the exertions of the Government whip is to cause the Government to risk the loss of the representatives of Geelong, Ballarat, and blanket-manufacturing Castlemaine in preference to playing " the de'il ausang the tailors" as they would by "shutting out shoddy" and destroying the intercolonial trade in "slops." The result of the deci sion, and the firm stand taken by the Go vernment will commend itself to the com mon sense of the bulk of the community, who will applaud the course taken, with out too closely scanning the reasons that have induced its adoption. The Bourbons have been represented as a family " who learnt nothing and forgot noahing." In respect to the former failing Mr. Gillies sears a decided resemblance to the ex-Royal family of France. He has not yet learnt how to receive a deputation of gentlemen who come before him in his official capacity to submit questions for his consideration. On Webnesday last his do mleaour towards a deputation headed by the Mayor of Melbourne, who cams before him to ask for the appointment of a Royal Comumission to deal with the westward ex tension of the city, by extending the prin cipal thoroughfares towards the now docks to be constructed on plans of Sir John Coode's was so rude and unmannerly as to call for the censure of his great patron and admirer, the Argus, eliciting the remark that " his tone and manner throughout the interview was the reverse of what it should have been." Mr. Gillies is often carried away by the sense of his own importance, and affords frequent examples of the domineering spirit which has caused him to be looked upon by the railwayollicials as an " autocratic democrat." In this instance, however, he is likely to find that the City Council of Melbourne and the Harb-ur Trust are more than his match,,and that they will eventually gain the day, in spite of the vis inertiasof the Railway Depart ment and its official political head. Once more has Heaven-in whom -Mr. Charles Young, when President of the Board of Land and Works, advised a depe tation to put their trust in preference to relying on the Water Supply Department -come to the rescue of the colony. Rain has at length fallen over its entire parched area, and the growing crops of cereals are now, by the farming community, considered "safe." This is a fortunate occurrence, and the more so when viewed in connection with the fact that some of the leading pro tectionist members of the Assembly have been heard to utter the threat that unless they obtain the additional duties on im ported woollen fabrics they are now de mnanding " there shall be no Irrigation Bill this session." Because the town "operative" cannot be coddled, the agri culturist is to starve. Evidently patriot ism and protection will never, like the lion and the lamb, he found together, excepting in cases such as the present, when the protectionist beast of prey has swallowed the patriotic lamb. In Parliament, Mr. Walker, the Commissioner of Customs, who has borne the brist of the pro tectionist onslaught has acquitted himself more than creditably, and fully justified the opinion once expressed by Mr. Service that the member for Booroudara was "a rising young man." During the coming season the colony is threatened with quite an embarras de richesse, in the shapeo of cricketing teams from England. In addition to the "eleven" to be brought out under the auspicies of the Melbourne Cricket Club, Messrs. Shaw and Lillywhite, the well kuown English profceSiounl players have announced their sntention of also import ing eleven oxponents of the national game, and have shosyoi their earnestness in tl1e uatter by engaging passages to Victoria on board .the :.. Lusitania, sailing for Melbourne in Septembeor next. This "split in the.chtip° Is hibell to lie re gretted, and if soma arrangement between the rival " promoters" is not arrived at, will assuredly result in entailing heavy losses on both teams. Under the circum stances it is felt that the Melbourne Club, 'although first to announce its intention of bringing out an English team might, as a wealthy and powerful corporation,givo way in favour of the opposition and suborn its love of "filthy lunre" to its regard for "the poor *playefu s.o 1itheiro the total ab stainers have been able to dilate on the large some spent in strong drink. Era long the balance in the State ledger will be against the water drinkers, as their favourite beverage has, according to authentic returns, cost a considerable amount to the country, and should tho proposed Irrigation Bill become law is likoly to ontail still further heavy ex penses on the taxpayers of the colony. A statement placed before honourable mom bers of the Assembly dn Thursday shows the sum of £70.300 due by Shire and Borough Councils at the end of last Sep tember. As this debt will be considerably augmented at the expiration of the year, the water bill is likely in future to be a heavier item than the wine bill of the colony. If the Health Societies and medical profession do not interfere, the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals should assuredly take aetion. With a view of get ting rid of the " rabbit pest," the Govern ment of South Australia have resolved upon introducing from Europe a number of rabbits affected with tuberculosis. It is supposed that in time .the desease will spread and annihilate poor bunny. Death from consumption is generally a lingering one; and the question arises what has the rabbit dons that lie should be condemned to an unhealthy ekistenco to be terminated by a long agony? He did not come to Aus tralasia of his own accord, but was deliber ately imported, and now we have him here we are going of malice prepense to " im. prove him out of existence." Perhaps, however, the intended act of cruelty may bring its own revenge. Tuberculosis is communicable to human beings, and "bunny" may be the means of dissemin ating one of the most fatal maladies, to which flesh is heir among his murderers. As the first liat^h of disedded. rclbbits destined for South Australia, perished on the voysge out, and a fresh consignment has not yet arrived, there is yet timo to prevent a disgusting act of wanton in humanity- and a dangerous one to boot from being perpetrated. The other colonios should at once protest against the employ' ment of a remedy, disgusting in itself, and pregnant with dangers'and consequences more disast, ous than even the much abused rabbit itself. July 1i. 