THE UNITED STATES. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, October 16. The labour question in one form or another still holds the most prominent place among topics of the day. The nomination of Henry George to be Mayor of this city, the annual conven tion of the Knights of Labour, the pre valence of strikes, the confirmation of the sentence pronounced upon the con victed anarchists in Chicago, and the boldness of Anarchist agitators, domestic and imported, all tend to bring before the minds of thoughtful people the revolt of labour and its possible consequences. Although Mr. George is admitted by all to be an upright man, his nomination and the support which it has received are regarded with great apprehension, not because at present it seems probable that he can be elected, but because the number of his supporters and the pro minence of some of them show a grow- ing tendency to accept his ideas. Mr. George is a resident of the city, being engaged in the business of publishing his own works. When it was proposed that he should become the working men's candidate he announced that if 30,000 citizens should signify in writing a desire to vote for him he would accept a nomination. The required number of signatures was obtained, and the nomination was ten dered to him and accepted at a mass meeting. Probably there will be cast at the coming election about 210,000 votes. The leaders of the movement have assumed that all Knights of Labour and members of the various Trades Unions will vote for George. These organizations contain nearly 70,000 voters. Estimates of the strength of his following vary greatly. At first the politicians ridiculed the movement. The sharpest of them would not allow him 5,000 votes. A working man who has been an active politician in one of the old parties, and who has been the nominee of his party for a seat in the State Legislature, made a wager with your correspondent that George would not have 1,000 votes. His own estimate was 500. But now the politicians admit that from 20,000 to 40,000 persons will cast ballots for George, and the strength of his campaign has caused the old parties to nominate worthy men. If George should fail, then the city will gain something by his nomination, for it will have a better Mayor than would have been elected if he had not appeared in the field. Under ordinary circumstances the Demo cratic party holds a large majority of the city's voters. In the face of a common danger the two wings of the party— Tammany and the County Democracy— have united and nominated Congressman Hewitt, the son-in-law of the late Peter Cooper, a philanthropist of some pro minence in his time. Mr. Hewitt is a wealthy manufacturer in the iron busi ness, a man of spotless character, and noted for his excellent treatment of the men whom he employs. In congress he has laboured to reduce or abolish duties on raw materials. It is almost an ideal nomination, and in all probability Mr. Hewitt will be elected. The Republican party, hoping that the George movement will greatly decrease the normal Demo cratic vote, has also made an excellent nomination. Their candidate is Theodore Roosevelt, a man only 28 years old, who has been the leader of a reform movement in the State Legislature. George is enthusiastically supported by Anarchists as well as by Socialists and men who do not accept his doctrines. In his speeches he has declared that he seeks election in order that the theories formulated in his published works may be presented to the Legislature and the public with the support of a large and successful body of voters. He would apply his theories to the city of New York by confiscating the rent of land in the city. He says in his book—"Progress and Poverty"—"It is not necessary to con fiscate land; it is only necessary to con fiscate rent. By leaving to landowners a percentage of rent, which would probably be much less than the cost and loss in volved in attempting to rent lands through State agency, and by making use of the existing machinery, we may, without jar or shock, assert the common right to land by taking rent for public uses." In a carefully prepared statement recently published he says—"The municipal Legis lature in all things pertaining to local affairs should be what a State Legislature is to a State. It could raise taxes and fix the rate, on what to be levied, and how to be spent." His published works and his recent speeches leave no room for doubt as to the system for the establishment of which he would use all the great influence of the Mayor of New York. He would take all or nearly all of the rent of all the land in the city by taxation, and after paying from it the necessary expenses of the government he would turn over the rest to the Board of Aldermen "to be distributed in public benefits." In pre vious letters I have written about the ways of New York Boards of Aldermen. Nearly every member of the Board of 1884 is now under indictment and awaiting trial. One member is in the Penitentiary. Four have fled to Canada, where they will pro bably pass the remainder of their lives. And the Aldermen of 1884 were not so much worse than their predecessors or successors; they were unfortunate in being found out. It is to a New York Board of Aldermen—a body that is a synonym for corruption—that Mr. George would entrust the rent of New York pro perty to be used for public benefits! Mr. George is not content with pre senting this scheme as his platform. He courts popularity in Anarchist circles by declaring in public speeches that if he were Mayor the police would not interfere with the meetings of Anarchists. "There will be no more policemen acting as censors," he says. But it was while they were acting as censors that the twelve policemen in Chicago were murdered by the Anarchists who have since been condemned to death. He also denounces the prosecution of the boycotters and blackmailers who were convicted some months ago. It is not strange that conservative men, remember ing the rapid growth of Anarchist doctrines in the west, and seeing this candidate sup ported on the public platform by well known clergymen, should strive to check the movement by nominating candidates like Hewitt and Roosevelt. Among George's campaigners are the Rev. R. Heber Newton, Protestant, and the Rev. Dr. McGlynn, pastor of one of the largest Roman Catholic Churches in the city. By their side stand the imported Socialists, Leibknecht of Germany and Aveling of England, who spend part of their time in making eloquent appeals for the Anarchists who are under sentence in Chicago. The great annual Convention of the Knights of Labour has been in session for many days, but has accomplished very little beyond an election of officers. The most significant feature of the proceed ings has been the complete success of the Home Club, a mysterious organization representing the most radical and revolu tionary element of the Order. At last years' meeting an attempt was made to put down this organization, but at this meeting it has asserted its power and gained a majority of Order's Executive Council. Among the strikes now in pro gress is one which originated in the stone yards of the city with the stonerubbers and now affects thousands of other work men in other branches of the same industry. The owner of one of the yards had for many years employed a man named Cobb as derrick machinist and overseer. Cobb was not a member of any Union, and did not care to join one. The owner was told by the stonerubbers that he must either impel Cobb to join their Union or discharge him. He refused to be coerced, and the strike which followed has spread to many other yards and to the building operations which depend upon stonecutting. Nearly 20,000 men are on strike at the pork- packing and beef- dressing establishments in Chicago. In this case the employers took the first step by announcing that ten hours should be a day's work. The hours were shortened at the time of the great strikes last spring. The employers say that they cannot make money unless the old hours shall be restored. The men refuse to extend the hours, and the factories have been closed. All the employing packers are united in this movement, and the contest promises to be a bitter one. The Knights propose to boycott Chicago pork and beef through out the country. The controversy about the fate of heathen who die without any knowledge of the Christian religion, which has raged with considerable bitterness in the Con gregational Churches and the American Board of Foreign Missions, and of which I spoke in my last letter, was taken into the great annual meeting of the American Board last week, and the Liberals or pro gressives were defeated by a vote of about two to one. The course pursued by the officers of the Board—who had rejected applicants because they were of the opinion that unenlightened heathen might after death have an opportunity to embrace the Christian religion and be saved from an eternity of torment, and had with drawn from the mission field one faith ful and successful missionary who held this obnoxious theory—was approved by the Convention. But the theory was ably de fended by some of the most prominent clergymen in the Church. The Congre gational sect is very powerful in the north eastern States, and has been established along the parallels of westward emigration in the northern part of the Mississippi Valley and in the North-West. The debate in the Convention showed that the rigid Calvinistic doctrines of the Church are now held more firmly in the West than in New England, where they have been greatly modified. A curious exhibition of religious mania is reported in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio. Some years ago the women of Ohio carried on what was called a crusade against the trade in intoxicating liquors. Many of them became fanatics. They paraded the streets in bands, took possession of drinking saloons, and emptied the barrels and demi johns into the gutters. The end of this crusade found some of these women inclined to accept the most absurd doctrines in religion. Two women living in Cincinnati, each the wife of a respect able and sensible man, came to believe some time ago that they were members of the Trinity. One of them, Mrs. Martin, declares that she is Jesus Christ, and the other asserts that she is the Holy Ghost. The Deity is manifested in them in order that the world may be warned of the approach of the millennium. Around these women there is a large and growing group of worshipping believers. Young men and old, girls and matrons, accept without question the crazy declarations of Mrs. Martin and Mrs. Brooks, and several men heretofore engaged in busi ness have abandoned everything to follow these maniacs. A young clergyman is the latest convert. Some years ago I became familiar with the history of a similar group of fanatics who flourished in a New England city. The leader of the group was a woman named Wakeman. She declared that she had spent seven hours in heaven, and had returned to earth as the personification of God to warn the world of the coming millennium. She had thirty or forty devoted followers, who believed all that she said, but showed common sense in the ordinary transactions of life. When she assured them that one of their number was the Evil Spirit and must be removed, even the victim accepted his sentence, and his com panions murdered him without hesitation. On the following day another Wake manite murdered two inoffensive men because Mrs. Wakeman had told him that they were retarding the coming of the Millennium. The Courts then broke up the band by successful prosecutions. Probably the lamentable vagaries of Mrs. Martin and her followers will end in crime, and some of the Martinites may yet be sent to the gallows. Those who worship a maniac and obey all her com mands can scarcely fail to come into con flict with the laws. Great progress is noted in some of the Southern States, especially in regions where deposits of coal and iron are found. During the last nine months there have been established in the South 56 foun dries aud machine shops, 16 iron factories, 19 gas factories, 23 electric light Com panies, 8 factories where agricultural im plements are made, 114 mining enter prises, 9 cotton-mills, 12 carriage factories, 44 tobacco factories, 71 flourmills, 362 lumber-mills, and 42 ice factories. The new capital in vested in these is $83,834,000. The most interesting part of this growth is seen in the upland regions of Alabama and Tennessee, where the names of new towns—Birmingham, Sheffield, Besse mer, Aetna, Coalburg—show the nature of the prevailing industry. One Company has now in process of construction five new furnaces, new steel works, and 1,400 coke ovens. The South no longer looks to the North for all manufactured goods. It is manufacturing its own cotton, mining its own coal, making its own iron and steel, and engaged in many branches of manufacturing industry. And the mineral resources of its mountains have scarcely been touched. The grand water power of its streams is only beginning to be utilized. The blight of slavery greatly retarded the development of this region's natural wealth, but now, with this curse removed and Northern capital pouring in, the industrial growth of the South pro mises to be remarkable. 