POOR MISS MOONSHEE. Picture to yourself a neat little figure, habited in a rustling brown silk gown, point lace cap and collar and black mittens; a small elderly lady with mild wandering blue i yeos and a tremulous mouth, whoso uncor tain glance and shrifiking manner spoke of somo terrible shock sustained by-the' nbrvous: systemi in days gone by. Such.was MissMfoonsleo whenl]" first made her acquaintance. I was the daughter of a Melbourne merchant, arid was born'and brought up in that city, but at the date of my story (1872) we had removed to Rich mond, a suburb of the Victor;an capital., A strong active girlof 17, I was daily in the habit of walking up to' town to attend classes at a school in--- street. During my walk to and froi' Melbourno I was more than once struck by toh appear ance of oni of the cottages which I passed. :'It' was a neat 'little 'place. painted white, with green .verandah posts. The windows which faced the rdad wor' full of rare geraniums anid: ferno, and the; trimly kept garden plot: was planted with all manner of fragrant old fashioned floivors and horbs. It was the lady of the cottage, however, who, even more than her pleasant surroundings, interested me. When the sun shone she iwas always to be.acon, dressed in the fashion I have already described, seated under thie v4randah in a low .chair, busily engaged, in netting. Like Penelope's web, hbr' task seemed. :ndoess, and she seldom raised her. eyes from her work, which engrossed. all' her 'atton tion. " An-old Irishwoman, who was continually, hovering about, either weeding or. watering the garden, appeared tobeheronly domestic; butI was soon to become better acquainted; with both lady and servant . One hot January afternoon I was plod'ding 'slowly homewards, iny mind full of a, certain tiff German exorcise required by Herr H- on, the morrow.. In my preoccupation I was in the act of passing the white cottagoL with the green verandah posts with out looking, as I usually did, to see if the old lady was in her accustomed place, when a cry -of unmistakable anguish from'the interior arrested my steps..' To unlatch the gard6e gate and hurry up to the front door was the work of a moment. There; hiowever, I paused, undecided whether to knock and offer my, services, or retrace Jiy iteps.' 'While I hesitated the door was opened from within, and the old Irish woman presented herself,, beckoning inotb enter. Silently I followed" hei. into " prettily furniohed'sitting-roobi, bright with, " pictures, : books and flowers. Thislmuch I took in at the first'glance; my second rested on the evident cause of the old Irishwoman's 'distress-the pale, inanimate form of her mistress, which lay stretched on a couch'near the window. The poor lady'was in a dead faint, a phaso' of indisposition sufficiently alarming to :her" faithful domestic, who, 'in' an :agony of tears, asked if it was any use to send for the doctor. '. SNoew, I' had' had considerable eox perience-in the treatment of fainting fits, my mother being unhappily sub ject to froquent lapses into uncon sciousness, from-.which, acting under the doetor's. orders, I, had geeorally 'ben: successful in recovering"her.' .1 :therdforef spoke reassuringly'>to old :Mally-ho lhad told me her 'name- and at once sot.'about' applyingithe restoratives to' the invalid that I had found so useful on-former occasions. Ind sshort;.time we had the satisfaction of seoing~the.poor lady open. her eyes j and -i. a.bewildered look on her maid,, '"whowdas on her knees by the 'ouch. HRte' glance then rested on 'm' with a puzzled expression. . ".You have been ill, "I explainedi gently, " and Mally' and I have bben! trying, to make you better." " It is'very good of you to take so i much trouble with a foolish old I -woman, iimy dear," she replied.in a *ieak voice; and the ghost of asmile flitted over her-pallid-ace. . " ' ! " Ould and foolishl" indignantly re- i p - eated Mally, furtively drying her eyes.on der apron, and t~ming a beam? I ing fac towiards her mistress. " Sure, i it's joking you are, Miss' Kathleear S And what would Masthor Shase say, did he hoar you miscalling his swcotj Kerry rose " The old Irishwoman's words had a? wonderful effect on the invalid. A{ faint pink .flushsuffused her cheeks,; her eyes shone, so that for'thomoment; 'shleloo;ked almost pretty. The chan"o, however, was but fleeting. The colour quickly faed, her eyes resumed their1 usual expression, and murmuring' something to the-effect that one isj 'idwlays fiir, to those who love onoe she closed her eyes, as if to shutout.some; dissgr$cablo recollection, Presentlyl shie'said( in a low entreating voic : "' Oh, Sane,::darling, whyro 1u linger ? Old ageis ereepmg on, audi I am weary of waithng--h, so weary!"i A'd as' she spoke .theo tears triekledi Sslowly downuher thin cheeks. I wast glad wheith:. the ebntrance of the maid' with the tea things roused her.' SDesiring: Ially to place the tray on a small table beside her, tlihe littloe;1dy sat up and insisted--on pouring out a cup of toe for me, apologismging :lilet -, handing me . thbe- brdad iand butter, for what she called her rd?eidss. "I.. was 'overcomo witlt 'old memoriies, my dear, so I hope you will excuse me." Thdtea was strong, "'n.d inder' its stimulating inflhiunce my hostess became quite talkative She told me her name was Kathlees! 'Mobiesee; that she wasby 2 biith , native of.County Kerry, Ireland, buti had beei fo6r more- than thirty years resident inu Victoria. "But I have saever luite liked thecolony, my dear,'" she spiid:in her gentle w\ay; " and Mally and I would have leoft it long ago, but for a reason of our own, Therd is :'s friend; a very dotr fricndl who has premiisod fo join us some day soon, it may be to-day;" aid her eyes brightened.. "I cannot.tell for cer tain, however. - But when- he does come, irvd shaill all go home together to the cool green Kerry meadows and its beautiful lakes. You.have hleard I dare say, of the lakes of Kil larney ?"' . . I admitted I had read of them, but begged hlier to describe them, which she did i~i a rather rambling fashion, stopping frequently to inquire if shle I were wearyinmg me. At last the clock warned me .that it was gettiug late, and I rose to go'.' "Am I to liave the pleasure of scoing you again ?" asked Miss Moonsheo, as sheo took my proffered hand. " Mally and I are not very entertaining; but we should be de lighted to see you, if you care to come." "I shall be very pleased to come," I-- replied;--- and, shaking her hand heartily, Itookmyleavo,beingfollowed to the gate by the old Irishwoman, ca lling.down blessings on my head. - .is1 told tihe story of ely ad vontnro iat home, at the same tims declaring my intention of paying Miss Moonslheo an early visit, my father laughed and patted me on the cheek. "Pl2ase .yourself,, Poly,"'. he.. said;. "bdut:I m inclined to thinfk tzifytl oir abiv firihd 'ist heitheor' shore no let'i: than a harmless lunatic." My father's opinion-of MDiss Moon slhco did not greatly astonish me. |'hero.was tlccidcedly.something..pecu liar aboht hlr; -but,'argucd I;' that; is no reason why I should not fulfil my promise. So it eame.about that two days later I again found myself in the little lady's parlour. This visit proved thEd forbixinijoei of many7 niole;' lintif froaielo Aional millet- at the ivhiteo cottago withl the green verandah posjts, I became the daily visitor and inti mate fridni'd of :its mistress. II had learned to love poor little Miss Moonshee with a protecting fondness, such as the young ahd strong some times entertain for the old and weak. Moreover,to meishe -seemed: thel em bodiment of that old world refine mont that, assertive young colonial as Iwas I oiiuldthorougd6r hlyas .preciate And she clung to me, this gentle Irish- lady, looking eagerly, for. my coming ?i?d following me withi wistful glances when I took my leave. She spoke but seldom of her, past, but although adverting at times to her long-expected friend, seemed, on the whole, to prefer dr?vitin on to talk of my school friends and studies. Then, on a Saturdayafternoon,, she would warble plaint?v?'trisli b;illads to her harp in a wonderfully clear true voioe;the sound of which always:drew old Mallr fron tho kit~hein. 7 IvaA accustomed on those occasions to sing "The Wearin'. 6-the Grecn" to a piano accompaniment; and when Sal],ly,'snatipnal enthusiasm was suf fici6ntly sirtirtA li its:irresis~tible js sion and pathos to dash into a jig, thereby setting the old woman caper ing like a true daughter of Erin. - Mally invariably apologised to her misties'sfor '.shaking: hor:.foot,'t as she termed the antics she indulged in; then, bestowing. an .admiring glance on mei, usudally added in'sinatingly: "Sure, miss, nobody as hadn't a drop of the real ould blood could lilt the tune as you do." " You think she has Kerry blood in her veins, Mally?" Miss ilboinslie'e would say with a smile. "Sorra a doubt of it, and if Masther Shano heard h'e: i~l ' The Rocky Road to Dublin' he'd say the same,,, SThe- little lady'si ace always rod- I dened at the mention of the foregoing name, and I.noticed- that immediately afterward's?'o 'lidd8?e reStless, making frequentexcursionstothewindow, from which she returned sighing heavily, I had' ling" ago eidentified"'"''MaAthor Shano" with the dear friend whose ad vent she anticipated. "Some old lover," I said to myself, " knockingabout the world, but still confidently expected by the faithful-,-heart that believed in vows long since forgotten by the wanderer." Was this how matters esto&d; or :iCisti (thei iminch-talked-of friend a phantom of poor little Miss Moonshco's weak brain? I put the questiin' rather abruptly to old Malloy one day when engaged in (interiwing her., parrot- -in --the kitceisi. "-Who is Mr. Shanid ?' And do you really expect him ?" The old Irishwoman's face went as white as the table napkin she was ironing. "What put it into your i pretty head to ask ?" she inquired coaxingly, . but with a suspicious glance. - "Well, Mally, I - have thought more thian -once that, as the Scotch Bay, he is.langmin cominmi .. : "You may well say ' long,' miss," returned old-allytearfully. "'Tisn't in this world 'AisKathleen will ever set eyes on him." "You don't mean to say he is dead ?" I exclaimed. The old woman nodded mournfully; then asked'in'a whi6sperif I. as quite sure her mistress was asleep. Yes, was quite suroe she had dozed off while I was playiig ne of my simple lullabies, and when I stole from the roomi bad:':,allen into a.:.profound slumber. , bhoe saints send .her, dreams,,of 'Miatheri Shaee!"': pidusly-ejaculated Mally, who, like her mistress, belonged to the "ould;'religion ,"i 'for 'tis the Ionly coifort she has, pioor darling." "But Mr. Shane, who was he ?" I put in eagerly." "One of the ould O'Connlls, of Ecouroe.;.:Kings they were, before the conquost,:miss, and-from ,first tq last an opn-handed race. And by reason of that same generosity, Masther Shano, when lie' -ime of ago, found that, saving the ould hall and two! hundred acres of:bog, sorra a foot of' the great estates of his ancestors be-i longed to him. Aind now, miss, I'll . otell-you-the! li.'.*ole!, storg,! f(r it'O iyo.ui desarves to be treated like a friend of; the family, so kind you've been to my: poor lady." TIrii ivas a solemn look on her wrinkled faco as she made theo promise, and withoutfurther proafsible,i old Mally related her tale, soieowhat' as follows: / S" Miss Kathleen and Mfasthpr, Shane were cousins and reared to-i -gether at the ball by MissBO'Connpll,' their .Aunt, for they were orphans.; Fine childer:thoy. worei-ad they greow up among the kindly Kerry folks,q who loved them for their or. sakes, as well - as for . the good blood that showed itself so plainly in- both. For hadn't Miss Kathleen the bloom of the rose, the eye of the dove, and the sweetest temper in Ireland ?. . And was n't Masthor Shano tall and handsome,i with curly black hair, the eye of the hawk, and the bould bearing of the O'Connells? Sure, they were made a'o: each other, everybody said; and 1o they soeeed to think, the young mnasther being barely ono-anid-tivo-nty and his cousin but eighteen when thoy wobr -botrothed. Wirra! but sorrow was at haid. Miss O'Connoll, the aunt, died, and her income, that had :ept them all comfortable, died with licr; so, as I said before, except the ould hall-a bit of wet bog-and a trifle of money in the bank, Masther Shano was left: penniless. As for Miss Kathleen, her sweet face was her fortuno. " Well, miss, the poor young nasthor was nigh desperate; he :ouldn't tear, himself away: from his cousin, atidi if he married her, there was little but starvation before them. Twas mighty hardonthe young crea ures, but tre. darker things looke, ,he'closer they clung to'one another-; ltd however.despondent he, might be, the masther had. always a smile for Miss Kathleen, while she, God bless *ier, loved the very ground he walked n. I had nursed them both, so it was quite natural they should confide in ould Mally. , ... .. " Och, 'it .was aý black day when Masthei'Shane'made up "his mind to seek his fortune in Australia. 'Twas young Edward.Doylo'put it into his head to -emigrate. He was, the jecond son of ' Squire Dbylo, :,f Killibog Castloe, -and having a bit of money, he thought would make it moro- by-sheep-farming in Victoria. Miss Ellen, his sister, the toast of thb cointry, and a great Friend of Miss. Kathleon's,, was wild to go with him, and the long and short of it was;:Mastor Shane,; Miss -Kath teen, and the two young Doyles made up theiri inds t6 try? their lhick to gether in the far'away land. " Sure 'twas hard to leave Kerry, where I'd been born "and reared, but 'twould have been harder to bid good bye to my darlings, so I up and said I would'go with them if they would buit itake te., ' Of 'course we'll take y:oi,' Mally,' says Masther Shane in his joking way. 'We're .four giddyyoung creatures, and: -it's a quiet, decent hbody ike yourself we need tb. keep us. ,inorder. ' -- ' - . -. - "So it was settled, and before-three imonths had elapsed'ive hlad left ould ,Ireland and sailed fbrMoelbourne in a tbig emigran 'ship. Ahl weary me! rbut there was anweethearfing galore aboard. "'All the gentlemen were head and ears in 'love with my youing1 ladies.: 'But Miss Kathleeon had no eyes, save for her' cousin, and'Miss Ellen floited thein all to their faces, all but a 'young English oticer' who had. a ssmilq:now and again, just to keep up his heart, she said. " We too'k' close on fivi onths to niakl the voyage, and -pleased allU'd6n Boaid' were- when the anchior" wa dropped in FHobsons Bay.. Melbournre was a small phace a the .ycarwi6, landed, more like ai village than the great-city.of to-day. Biut ;the young Efolks1were, in: high spirits- ready, to make the best of everyhing,. even the dirty iniuthey were'forced to put up at the first night 'ashore. Next day the gentlemen hired- a ,small four roomed cabini, into .-whichi wq moyed, and wheredthe - young things were as happy as the daywas long. It had been arranged .that.' Miss Kathleen's wedding wa 'noq to ti?hre'place until Masthelo ShIae :aundyoung Doyle had built their -house on the land allotted. to them, somewher&.in .the Westerni District, the ladie' remaining in Mel hnmen unren.- oblet2T.Valbv'n ehartn duringthleir.asence. . ' : r - .: " The night-before they left I was cooking the supper.-in' the kitchen, when Masthor Shaintcalled me into the parlour. Th'l young Doyles were out, and he and Miss Kathleen were sitting togedtlir ol: the :-sofa. Her head was hiddoi'on-:his shoulder,. and she was crying,'bitterly; while lie, poor boy, a trouileý.look on his hand some face, was trying to comfort her; but 'twasn't a':bit of??iso. 'Shane,' she sobbed, ''tis 'th first time we've been parted,, and my, heart.tolls me we shall never meet again.' ' Mallyj' "says the 'masthle, depair ingly, 'what .can:' I.say to comfort her ?' Then:.a sudden'thought strik ing hnli,:hie turnedd to his, cousinsi ith a smile, and '.Mavourneen,' sys. he, 'you haven't forgotten the ould story we read'long ago. of -the. brave Sir Roland. who sounded his horn in the Pass of Roncesnlles-in the Pyrenees, when he .was sore :beset- by Moors, and h6ow -.Charliemgne,.-: th great Emperor, heard thoesound 'where he was huinting' more -than a huindred miles away?'" '-She said she remem Sbred the tale. -'Well,' says he, 'am Iiaoot your own'true lonighy,;'asthore ? and although. I haven't a, horn.liie the allant Sir Roland I have somoetling -just as good-as*tout stockmian's hip. -o, if danger: befall; I'll just fetch a sounding smack with the lash,: and here in this ,cabin you'll hear the noise.' ' ' ' . " Ife was smiling all the time he was speaking; but Miss Kathleen took it seriously...'You .won't forget,' says she. 'Sure and Iwod't, s'iyshe, ' if ,.ou'll Uprqmise not rto fret, till you -hears the, sound of .the ,;lah. ',: -irdmise,'' says she; .and'rwith that! -MiBe'Ellen 'and her brother came in at the front "door and I wonit bick to the lutchen.,, . , "Well, miss,.Master Shane and Ihis, friend started -next day with half a dozen men and four waggons. 'You'll take car'e of" Miss Kathlcen,' saidi .the poor boy?Wistfully when bidding: me good-bye; 'and should anything happen to me, you'll'never desert her,; will you, Mally? . '.Can. you doubt it P' saidI. t ' But what sho?dul happeon to one as is prayed for by anure saint like; my young lady 'P- '.-What; .ifi deed,' -ifutttred he;' and then he cwruing my hand, and huied 6ff to: \- tale his last ki's from the. sweet lips: lie loved so well, little tliinking I'tws the :veiy: last on this side. of' the' graver :. " So we weor loeft alone,: the two young'ladies and i myself, in the little cabin in Melbourne. Miss Kathleenl kept her word, and didn't fret, though; imany, atimhe r her heart as full. She just went quietly about the house,! thinking of 'her cousin and nought else. 'Twould have been .a dull time Luit for Miss Ellen Doyle. ' She was the one to be always siining, joking,' or laugling, and the days sped rapidly: until the ninth after the young gentle-. men had set out on their journey. 'Twas a Friday night-I remember it well, for sorra a bit of fish could I get forthe dinner that day; and Mis: Ellen laughed when I came back. empty-handed, and says she: - We shan't dine to-day, Mally; we'll just wait till -teoa time.' And so they did. 'Passing - nino o'clock, they would' have me into the parlour. ' For, Mally,' says Miss Ellen, ' we want you to .tell us one of your capital stores. Let it be about. Kerry.' We. were sitting round the table, our knitting in our hands. 'I was between the young' ladies, and' had just opened my mhuth to say that the story I meant to give them. was. called the Banshee of Gobkillin, when, without biitof .arning, my darling.. ,Miss Kathleen gave a sudden start. ' The stockwhip !',, she cried, 'I heard it distictl ?' Miss Kathleen trembled like a a s, papen leaf'; and. calling :to. mind.' Masther Shane's: words my he~rt sank within me. She lay back in her chair without a sign of life, her fair young face convulsed with such a look of terror as I never i law before or since. ! "We- got -her into bed and then Miss Ellen ran out for.adoctor; and chancing to meet Mr. Webb; the sur eon: of the-?ship that carried us to Melbourne,'brought him back with her. He wiit?6ast kind and skilful acn did his best for. my stricken darling,; but he told-ui. plump and plain.that her case was a mortal badone. 'Twas brain feverBsho'ehad; and 'for weeks hoe: lay 'twixt life and death, raving ever and always of her cousin and the danger he wlas in. " S"The fever'ý a at its height, when, lateone nightiyoung Edward Doyle bkocked atthedoor. Ochone! but he LadA the :'bad :news .to tell.' Masther Shane, the last and best of his race, ivas dead, miuthieed by-the blood thirsty blacks. -It. was on the, ninth bvening afteri 'tliey had left Mfol bourne ,that" the, savages set upon them, taking them at unawares as they' satlo7 !nd their cam" fire. But avolley frbno:the white men's pistols" sent the blacks back into the bush howling like fiends. Then it was that thoe.masther,.vowing vengeance on'tho 'savages, plunged. into the wood in:hot! pursuit of them. The others followedd but in the darkness lost sightof him; nor did they find the poor: boy till daybreak. -Ho was lying under atree quite dead, ther blood- slowl oozing frm a-deep wound in his side.--He had lung awy hid empty pistol, but !his right h?nd still gippedthe .heavy-, whip, wiiith' which hehad seemingly , dbfended&himself; against his enemies.: JThey buried him where he' fell, unidet :theshade of a blue'-gumi,' ith only a -rude cross athids head, to,.mark wher.L itho list of the O'Oonnells lay; ' ":Such:;was- the. sad 'tale young. Doyle 'told:::us, the otears- running down.his face the while, fr he. lovied lMaither .h1anelike a brother, and his heartached for Miss.Kathleen. :..'Thei doctor shook ihis head when he6heardi the story. -'Twould -be -a- merciful ithing, he. said; provided liis patienft did recover, that all recollection of th$e Ipast should have faded'from her mind. i "Shd:did recover, poor fdarling; but very slowly. At first we thought hei memory was entirely gone. By degrees, ;however, she, began ;- 're imerbe-, and bb and -ye aslked for her cousin.. :To pleasoeher, we said he had gone on a long journey up country; and whlienive found she believed it,-Mr. WYeb; told us to keep Sup the delusion. ... . .... | Well, Miss,.thereisn't much more to .tell. - Miss EUlld~le married. lthe a'Etglish 6office.r-who: was so' sweef dn her dauing th'6' voyage iout,- add vwent w.ith li ' toTasiman.a. Ab.ut, the! same IntimepSquire . yl'-1 lat' son having been killed. in the hiuiing field, Mr..Ediwardits wrfitten for by hi sfather. - But' before he went;'~'o had -this cottage built and furniihed for Miss Katlhleon; :-ndid he6and Mrs. A~ajor. Gay wrthy--Miis EllenDbiyle that was-settled a small pension-.o my mistress, that .keept her in com fort,, Here -we've lived over thirty years; arid exceptfor the longing hhe has to see her cousim, it hasn't been altogether an unhappy time for, my poor lady. I used to worry myself thinking how lonesomie she'd feel.if I were taken first 'But' ince she's come.to knowiand love you Miss, I'v@ been quite eas, for should aiything hiappen; to :old 1 ,aUy I l know you'll never see her at a leos.'.. ;. i. " The old Irishwoman had told her tale withi:motion. Nor could'I-foi a pion; ent.i'help "'crediting, the ti'hper paaturialelement in thie story.,. But at this moment Miss oeoonshee's. voice was heard calling me by name,: and I hurried -to the sitting-room..- Never hadI seeri her moro' animated. Irer eyes were sparkling, her theeks 'riný son; ind she smiled gaily as',I eitered. " My dear," she cried, "I have had such a sweet dreami, all:alioit the dear friend you have often heard me men tion-my cousin Shane. But I must phow you his likeness." And, with fingers that trembled sadly, the ,poor lady opeiied.a lo ket.she.always wore, disclosing the miniature of a fine looking youth, witlh apleasant expres sion on his frank, open.countenance. Is- henot6 'ihandsonue," she in--. quired, gaziig fondly at -th. shining : "6e isindeed,": Ireturned; feelii 'th 6trs 'gathering in my eyes. J' - .... Dear hane, what a deal he must. have gone.throughl! But he is really coming to-night, ah'! yes, and theni how'happy we shall be.: I may not' tll .'you, m-y 'dreami ' to-day," she added, iwith a little laugh, "but to morrow, you will look. in to-morroir *before--you- go to church ? 'Then, dear friend, you shall know all" . .' .I -gav6' the desired promise," aid shortly after 'bent my steps home wards meditating on poor little Miss Mobnshee'ssad history iind harlness delusion. ;Th_ morrow, foundme 'an hour before church time at her door. It was opened by :Mally. ":Miss Kathleen has overslept herself,'' she said, " butI'll just tap and ask if she 'won't"seo you in bed." Repeated knocks at her mistress's door oliciting no responso, the old Irishwoman turned the handle and peeped in. " Sho's sound asleep, poor darling," she whispored.' "Just cast your eyes on her, miss, and see how pleased she looks'." I did so. The expression on her: face was indeed .a happy one, but there was that about it which caused me to step quickly forward and lay my hand lightly on the brow' of' the sleeper. It was icy cold I Yes,-hei had come for her at last, the long-: expected lover. 'or, gazing on the placid countenance of the dead, who could doubt but a vision of the be lovca one had gladdened the soulof the slepcr and left it;s impress on her smiling face ere death had claimed its prey ! "'Twouldboa sin to wish her back, so happy she looks," wailed poor old Maly. But .oh,.. Miss I hleon, darling, why didn't: you. take me with you ?" The separation was but of brief duration. The fdithful old Irish woman soonfollowed poor little Miss Moonshee to the grave, and a white marble cross in a corner of the Mel bourne Cemetery marks the spot where inistress and maid sleep their last sleep. 