THE COMET'S INFLUENCE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. Miss Bessie Barclay, coming down to breakfast one morning in the neatest of violet cambric robes, with a little square of point lace pinned to her abundant pale brown braids as a " morning- cap," touched the bell forrher maid Priscilla, who instantly appeared with the tiny teapot on a tray, arranged for one. She' left everthing neatly, pulled a blind half an inch lower, and lingered-as Miss Bessie knew-to be questioned. Miss Bessie was obliging. "Well, what is it, Priscilla 'I" she asked. "The milkman, please, Miss," said Pris cillia. He have seen the comik, and he do say he is that frightened of him that he scarcely daresn't leave the milk." "What a timid milkman," said Miss Bessie. "Yes, Miss," replied Miss Priscilla. " But the baker likewise saw him as he was sitting outside at four last night to cool himself ; and he says he's actually gashly, and has a tail yards long; and if it weren't for a glass of beer he don't know as he'd have lived over it." " Indeed," said Miss Bessie. "Yes, Miss," said Priscilla. " And Jane Maria, that is cook at the house of the scien tifical gentleman over the way, says her master thinks the comik will surely run into us and smash the world to pieces." "I'm not in the least alarmed Priscilla," said Miss Bessie. " Well, Miss, that makes me feel better," said Priscilla; for you know French and music, and lots of things, yourself." "But really," said Miss Bessie, " we ought to see this famous comet. I believe it is visible about four o'clock, I'll wake you up at that time Priscilla, and we'll go on the roof together." Priscilla's healthy brickdust-colored cheeks turned pale. "Oh, thank you kindly, Miss," she said;? but please, Miss, I wouldn't see him for the world I know I'd have spazzums, Miss, or die, or something." " Ah, well, I shan't force you to look at the comet," said Bessie. "You may go, Priscilla, and don't allow either milkman or baker to frighten you. Comets have often been seen, and they've never done any harm yet." " Beg pardon, Miss, my grandfather saw one himself, and it had an influence, and brought blight and frost and war, and made my Uncle Peter hang himself to the big pear tree. And if that one had an influence why shouldn't this one I "I'm sorry, with all my teaching, you shouldi be so superstitious, Priscilla." said Miss Barclay. "Read your prayer book, and see what that says." With'which vague admonition Miss Barclay dismissed her maid and turned to her breakfast table. Bessie Barclay had been very pretty, and was still uncommonly nice looking. She was not old either; but so much had come and gone in her life to cut her off all the hopes arid aspirations of her early youth, that she considered herself an old maid, and was so considered by most of her new acquaintances. She had no other. The old friends,-the people who called her Bessie, and who knew her in her childhood, and to who she would always be more or less young-were far away in her native land beyond the ocean, and absence only makes the heart, grow fonder, when it is not prolonged. A letter once a year was all that was expected on either side. " Besides," Miss Barclay said, with a sigh, they were all offended with my staying away; but I could not go back there." You see, there was a story in Bessie's life. In those early days, when her dimpled cheeks were like two perfect peaches, and her eyes bluer than the skies, young Robert Leslie had fallen in love with her and her with him. They was no reason why the old people should not have said, "Bless you, my chil dren," and married them in the old brown church standing there all ready, not a stone's throw from Bessie's home-but they did not. There was an old time quarrel between the families about a strip of land, not twenty feet long, and a right- of-way of no use to anyone; and Grandmamma Barclay "set her foot down," and the Leslies declared that it should never be; and the old romance of the CapuletsandMontagueswasenactedinthat quiet English village, in a quiet English way. And, indeed, the young people went farther, and would have been married whether or no, but that they were discovered on the verge of an elopement. Then stern measures were taken, and Grandmamma Barclay fairly carried Bessie away with her, to travel for her health. She crossed the ocean with her little victim, and spent a winter in New York. And while they bore the miseries of a fine, crowded hotel, where the gas and the heaters, the noise and the high prices, kept the old lady's nerves quivering, a letter came, which told them that Robin Leslie was about to marry Miss Staple, the rich wool factor's daughter, a showy girl, with hard black eyes. After that Bessie no longer pined for "home." The farther she was from it the better now, and she had neither parents nor brothers and sisters. The old lady could not contemplate another ocean voyage with calmness. She bought a little house, and settled down in it as well as she could settle anywhere. A cousin lived on the English property, and at tended to the business welfare of the house; and the new life grew to be an accustomed one. But Mrs Barclay, a hale, hearty woman, took to her bed and died. She had killed herself, for she could no more bear trans planting than some hardy-seeming plant can; but she had gained her end, and separated' Robin and Bessie, "I've left you everything, Bessie, love," she said. " And I wish you'd promise me never to marry Robin Leslie." She had been wandering a little, and Bessie soothed her with the words: "He is maried to Miss Staple, grandma. It't not likely." " No, ho," said the old lady. " And you'll stay here. You can live alone with your servants in America, and you'll marry. I really think the clergyman of our church is very much taken with you; and it is a nice position, a clergyman's wife." -" At least I can be a quiet old maid, grandmamma," said Bessie. A little after this Mrs Barclay died. Her last words were : " Forgive me, Bessie." And Bessie forgave from her soul ; but she did not " go home." She remained in the melancholy little house, so neat and new and well furnished, and took the step by which English women write themselves down confirmed spinsters-that of keeping house by herself without a "com panion." And this brings us back to the morning when Priscilla's account of the comet greeted her at her solitary breakfast table, and-to the story which will con vince our readers that the comet of 1882 really had " an influence" on at least one, or I might as well say two, human destinies. "Really, it must be nice to take an interest in something outside of one's life-to really become absorbed in botany, or geology, or astronomy, or art, or something," said Miss Bessie to herself. " It is miserable to sit. thinking-thinking about silly old troubles. I'll turn a new leaf. I'll join a Dorcas Society, and go to lectures, and study Latin; and I'll get up this very night, and go on the! roof to see the comet, to begin with. Spin sters always take an interest in scientific' things, and I should suppose astronomy was about as absorbing a study as one could find. I might have an observatory built, and get a telescope." Having come to this resolution, Miss Barclay devoted herself during the day to the destruction of some old letters, and the careful packing away of Robin Leslie's photograph and love gifts. All these things, she said, should belong to the past. She owed herself the duty of for getting any one who could marry a Miss Staple for her money, and in this high spirit she deliberately sat up that night with a heavy volume of a "History of Meteors," under the light of her student's lamp. The *time passed but slowly for Miss Barclay, I am afraid. In September, 1882, the comet did not show itself before four in the morning, if I remember rightly. At 12 Bessie was sleepy; at one sleepier still. At two she aroused herself by walking about her room, and snuffing ammonia. At three she fell asleep, with her face in the pages of the history of meteors, but happily awoke with a start, as the hands of the clock rapidly approached the figures of four and twelve. A certain anxiety, which will ruffle the mind of any lady who has been lying on her nase for a long time, caused her to rush to the glass. And-when convinced that it was not permanently flattened, it was time to ascend to the roof ; and wrapping herself in hood and shawl, and lighting a pretty little Chinese lantern, she proceeded with the adventure. Four a.m. is rather an uncanny hour. A ladder is not a pleasant thing to climb. A trap-door in the roof is hard upon a woman's wrist, and one feels rather guilty when prowl ing about the house alone in the darkness; but Bessie braved these facts and fancies successfully, and stood at last upon the roo, and, looking westward, saw, amongst all the stars, the comet blazing in the sky. It re minded her of nothing so much as a strange phantom train of some sort, speeding away through the sky, with its head-light open. The thing itself glowed changefully-now steady, now brightening and fading, and its fan-light tail was alarmingly long. Bessie could but wonder if the scientific gentleman over the way was right, and the milkman not so far wrong in his terrors; and then, instead of thinking of the facts she had gathered from the history of meteors, she fell to brooding over those long- past days in Shropshire, and remembering a starry night, when she stole out to meet Robin Leslie in the rose-garden, and they sat and talked as lovers talk, until the moon set. At last she started up, wring ing her hands. "Oh, silly, silly, silly me !" she whispered to herself, "what can I do 1 Must I go on thinking about him all my life ! About the man who cared so little about me as to marry an heiress for her money in one little year 1' What did she care for the comet-unless, indeed, it were to strike the earth, and thus end all her troubles with those of the rest of mankind. "I wish it would," said Bessie. "To go on and get old, and be a wretched spinster-is that worth living for I Oh, pshaw ! I'll go in." And she took up her Chinese lantern. Alas, a terrible thing has happened. The roots of the genteel row of houses in which her own were situated were on a level plain; all alike. When she had come out she had circumspectly shut the door after her. She had walked about a good deal on the crack ling sheets of painted tin, and she could not now tell which cover hid the ladder leading to her own upper floor. Vainly she strove to decide, and at last, quite terror-smitten, leant against a chimney ond began to weep, sobbing aloud: Oh, dear, what shall I do t' Then "Angels and ministers of grace defend us! What is that fr' cried a masculine voice at her very side. Miss Barclay uttered a shriek, and clung to the-chimney, from the other side of which arose a figure, in a long ulster and polo cap, some six feet or so in height. A ghost, evi dently, Bessie decided, and waited for it to unfold its tale. "I beg pardon, madam. Is there anything I can do ?" remarked the spectre, when at last it did speak. It was human, then ; but was it really better to be on the roof with a man-a strange man-than with a veritable ghost Bessie was not sure. "I happened to come up and look at the comet," continued the speaker, "and I sat down here to keep my back warm. Excuse my pipe; I didn't anticipate meeting a lady. You havn't hurt yourself, I hope i?' "No. I-I've only been awfully stupid," said Miss Barkley, I came to pe he comet too; and they are all alike, and I don't know which is mine. These trap-doors, you know. The man knew quite well what she meant I " They are stupid things, he said. How is one to know them I Did you come out of them, or drop from heaven f' "I--I-Oh ! I'm frightened" cried Bessie Barclay. "Don't be frightened," said the man, coming closer. " I beg your pardon if I'm mistaken, but are you, or were you once, Miss Bessie Barclay ?' " If you are a stranger, you ought not to ask my name," said Miss Barclay. ", Pray can you tell me which is the door to Number twenty-five ?" "But if I am not a stranger 1" said the man. " Great Heaven ! is it possible that we, who have not seen each other for fifteen years, should meet at last on the roof of a: house in America, at four o'clock in the morning! I am Robin Leslie. Don't.. you know mel" "I do now," said Bessie, gasping. " What do you suppose I was thinking of 1" he said looking into her face. " What do you suppose I was thinking of, as I sat with my back to the chimney and my eyes on the comet I Of you, Bessie, and of the night on which you stole out to meet me in the rose garden. Are we dreaming, or is this really true f" "It is odd certainly," said Bessie, recover ing her composure by a great effort, " but I have lived *here a long while now. Grand mamma is dead, you know." "Yes, I know," he said, with a new air of reserve. ' And what is your name now 1" "The name I always had," said Bessie. "1 understood you were to marry a Doctor Schaffer, a clergyman," said Iobin. "I never dreamt of it. It was grand mamma's idea," said Bessie, "and-perhaps his," she added. "Never mine, But let me offer my congratulations, late as they are. I had not the pleasure of knowing Miss Staple. We are not in the same set. But-" "Miss Staple ! Why should you connect her name with congratulations to me ?" said Robin. "On your marriage," said Bessie. "I never offered myself to Miss Staple. She would not have had me, I think. She married her cousin years ago," Robin cried. "Why, Bessie, I never loved anyone but you in all my life. I'm a bachelor-a miser able bachelor. That is why I board at num ber twenty-one." " He put his arm within hers, and led her up to a flat scuttle door, seated her there, and sat down beside her And all the stars shone, and the comet flashed, and the moon looked at them with her white round face ; and they talked and talked as though they would never stop talking, and the things were said that should have been said years before, and the gray dawn broke, and sounds of life arose from the still streets. "I must go down now, if I can find my way," said Bessie. "You shall darling. I know number twenty-five perfectly well," said Robin. " But promise me. It shall be as I want it to be ?" " You'd better look at me by daylight," said Bessie, half laughing, half crying. " I've grown old and ugly, Robin." He made up a little face, such as a mother makes at her baby, and kissed her hand, and then lifting the door for her and saw her vanish into the dimness below. " God bless the comet," he said. "If has brought me, at least, good fortune." Bessie think so, to. They are to be married to-morrow. Will you go to the wedding? It is-but they want it to be quiet, so I won't mention the name of the church. 