THE BULGAEIAN REVOLUTION. The news which we publish this morn ing concerning the deposition of Prince Alexander is at once most strange and most momentous. The strangeness of it is Bomewhat modified when we remember that Busaia has all along shown a disposition ! to be unfriendly to the new ! State. . Ever since the genius, of i Prince Alexander began to be made manifest he has been regarded with distrust by the Czar, and his recent feat of uniting with his own principality the province of Eastern Boumelia has drawn down upon him unequivocal sen timents of - disapprobation.. The attack of: Servia: was the first note of the coming struggle. This onslaught, undoubtedly fostered by Russian intrigue, was gallantly and successfully repulsed. Then came internal ' disturbances, prompted again by Russian intrigue; but these were met in a way which bore testimony alike to the strong good sense of the people . and the administrative capacity of the Prince. Rumours of re newed war with Servia followed, so that Prince Alexander might well have been put off his guard, and might reasonably have been inclined to seek in an alliance with the Porte security against foreign attacks which in reality were not seri ously contemplated. Meanwhile Russia has been busy with the Prince's oto trusted servants. The emissaries of the Czar had sown the seed of revolt in the hearts of the very men whom Prince Alexander regarded as his most stanch friends. WhilBt he was guarding against danger from without his own Ministers were plotting against him and laying their plans for subverting his authority. How they accomplished their object is to be read in our telegrams of this morning. Such of the Bul garian soldiers as were devotedly attached to the man who so lately had led them to victory were engaged* on outpost duty whilst he reviewed the troops at Widdin, on the Danube. These, it may be believed, were not warmly attached to him. In any case they had evidently yielded to the corrupting influences of the conspirators, and they became the ready tools of thsir seditious schemed for seizing him and banishing firm from the country. If proof were wanting of the com plicity of Russia with this desperate coup d'etat it would be found in what is recorded in our columns to-day. The population of Sofia, the capital of Bul garia, followed up the violent acts of the Widdin troops by imploring the favour of Russia -on- bended knees. — M;:-Koiander^- $Ee Russsian agent - who /.received- the deputation, graciously.assured.it of .the Czar's . goodwill. Thus at last the object of Ruflaia has been attained. Alexander was no such plastic instrument ai was rtie*' sired, and there was reason to believe that he, was i capable of forming the Balkan JprovinoeB into a State, which, though I it could never be power ful enough to be aggressive, could yet seriously interfere with the ambitious designs of Russia. It is to her interest that the. tributaries of Turkey — whether they are nominally or actually dependent upon the Porte— should be feeble and dis united. | The union of Roumelia with Bulgaria^ the conquest of Servia, the thwarting of Greek efforts to create: a disturbance on the south east .rfrpntier of Turkey were all obstacles in the way of Russian policy, . and all provoked her keenest resentnient^ ^What the hostility of bor dering provinces could not do the diplo macy of the Muscovite has succeeded by. underhand methods in effecting. The one statesman and General ; whom the provinces of Turkey were able to : enlist in their service has been suddenly swept from her path. There can be no doubt that Prince Alexander, though young in; years, is a born ruler. A brave man and a skilful General, he was able to, lead his troops, carefully trained by Russian Generals, into action and to victory. The Power which his successful contest with Servia begot wa3 gradually becoming an obstacle to Russian aggression, and when he secured the alliance of the Porte it was plain to the Czar's advisers that they would have one more foe to reckon with on their march in the direction of Constantinople. lii England and on the Continent the dethronement of Prince Alexander ha3 been taken as another triumph for Russia as against Great Britain. Other ques tions do not apparently enter into the minds of the Great Powers, who are; not immediately concerned. They seem to look upon the Eastern question as a matter in which they are not primarily interested. They prefer to stand by and let England and Russia take the leading part in the contest. But this attitude is only temporary, and is prompted! as much by jealousy of Great Britain as by admiration of Russia. Just as in the affair of the closing of the port of Batoum Germany and Austria were pleased to regard the ukase of the Czar as mainly concerning England, so in. the dethrone ment of Prince Alexander they are con tent to see merely the triumph of the /diplomacy of one nation over the diplomacy of another. The Ger man Press affects to recognise the beginnings of anew era of peace in the revolution, and Austria is apparently ready to accept quietly the Czar's appointment of a successor to Prince Alexander. But in reality much more has been done than the establiahmentjof one puppetinthe place of another. By the bloodless revolution of Sunday the Balkan States have practi cally been transformed into dependencies on Russia. The inhabitants of the capital of Bulgaria have-accepted -carelessly the dethronement of their Prince, and have submitted themselves to the will of the Power whom that Prince regarded of late as most hostile to him. The Porte, as the' most interested party, has determined to ; refer the matter to the consideration of the Great Powers. It may be expected that Lord! Salisbury will recognise the gravity of the emergency and will act. with decisipn. . He recently emphasized the importance to England of the maintenance intact of the Ottoman Power, and he will certainly not bj pre pared to admit, that a Russian protecto rate of Bulgaria and Servia will in any way tend | to promote that end. But he cannot afford to stand alone againBl Russia- if the result of his protestations should be fruitless. Not withstanding the flagrant rupture of the Treaty of Berlin involved in the closing of the port of Batoum, and notwithstanding even the recent occurrence at Widdin, the British public opinion has not yet been trained up to * the point of a declaration of war against Russia on behalf of Turkey. Especially is this the case at a time when Great Britain ia notoriously: ill-prepared toe war and Russia as notoriously fairly well pre pared. The ca3e would be different if Germany and Austria were prepared to stand with j Great Britain now as they stood with her in the recent Greek affair. As yet these countries have not shown that they appreciate the .seriousness of the crisis. They rather seem to think that the revolution in Bulgaria is a trifling circumstance, thus ignoring the fact that eveiy trifle is of importance in so tangled a concern as the Eastern question. \ Meanwhile 'Russia haa gained her immediate end. She has taken another important stop towards gaining command of the Balkan pro vinces, and ; thus paving the way towards the settlement of the Eastern question in the only marner which will be thoroughly satisfactory to her. The Week's Pabliament. — -The thtrd reading of the Real Property Bill begins the Legislative Council Notioe-paper to-day ; the second reading of the Postal Notes Bill comes next; then St. John's Church Bill is taken ; then farther debate on the Trans continental Railway proposal; and then re spectively the second readings of the Jury and Friendly Societies Bills. The Assembly's Paper is greatly overcrowded. To-day Mr. Bees will call attention to an extract from Tod's 'Parliamentary Government' to the effect that a Governor is bound to approve of any proposals before they are made by his Ministers, and will ask Mr. Downer whether . he received the sanction of our Governor to the Public Salaries Bill before it was pro posed. The third reading of the Water Conservation. Bill having been carried the Treasurer will deliver the ' Budget Speech. The business succeeding in cludes the adjourned debate on the second reading of Fletcher's Pock Bill, the Insolvent Bill in Committee, and the second reading of the Crown Lands Consoli dation Bill. Mr. Monle is to move on Wednes day— 'That neither any member of the Legislature nor any person who has been a member should be appointed to any position of emolument under the Crown in this colony until he has ceased to be a member for at least tax months, the offices of Agent General and Ministers of the Crown alone excepted.' Amongst other proposals is that by Mr. Bagsterfor leave to bring in a Judges' Pension Abolition Bill. Debate is to be con tinued upon Mr. Moule's proposition touch ing the reduced salaries of certain teashers; Mr. CaldwelTs, for the establishment of a State Bank ; Mr. Newlaud'e, concerning the Transcontinental Railway; the Totalizator Bill ; and Mr. Moody's motion relativeto the' — cost of sbeetpiling parts of the^Biver ?»* Murray. The only entry on the.Pa|eriior | ?) Thursday is the ParoelB Post Bill pfelmble,:'-'' but it is Jikelyjhat the Budget debate will take up all the time. ICThk Ihcomikg English MAn,. — Th* '?-?' B.M.S. Thames was sighted off Bre&ksea; ?? Island at 10.5 o'clock on Monday morning,. ' and aa Bhe left- Albany at 4.15 o'clock p.m., may be expected to reach Glenelg before day light on Friday. '' The ' IsTEBCOLOKiAL Railway. — On Monday morning Mr. Speight, Chairman of the Commissioners of Railways in Victoria, interviewed the Commissioner of ' Public WorkB (Hon. L. L. Forner) with reference t- running through trains at an early date between Melbourne and Adelaide. No de finite decision was arrived at pending nego tiations with Messrs. Millar Brothers and. the Victorian postal authorities. Mr. Speight- ? leaves to-day for V ictoria, aud intends to test the construction of the new sleeping-car by travelling in it. The Commercial Bane. —In the Supreme Court on Monday the following questions were submitted on behalf of several creditors of the Bank, aud His Honor Mr, Justice Boucaut, in. the course ot a long judg ment, decided the various paints as under : — L Whether the customers claiming . are entitled to interest on the balance of current accounts.— No. 2. Whether creditors - claiming are entitled to interest on balances ? due by the Commercial Bank of South Aus tralia to customers and accounts current to and assigned by the customers ? to the creditors claiming.— Yea. 3. Whether the creditors claiming are entitled to interest on notes of the Commercial Bank held by the creditors claiming. — Yes ; at the rate of 10 per cent. 4. Whether the creditors claiming are entitled to in terest on customers' fixed deposits with the Commercial Bank assigned to or taken over by the creditors claiming ; (a) as to fixed deposits that have not matured ; (b) as to thoce that had matured before the date of the stoppage ; (c) as to those that have matured since. His Honor answered the drat and last part of the fourth question in the affirmative, and the second part iu the negative. The interest where payable, ex cept in the case of the banknotes, will be at the rate of 8 per cent. The claimants' costs were allowed against the Company. Manxtfactobkes1 Visit to Melbourne. —On Monday morning Messrs; Adam AdamBon, J.P., Vice- President of the Chamber of Manufactures, J. J. Green, A. W. Dobbie, and several other members of the committee of the Chamber of Manu factures, together with Mr. J. F. Conigrave, the Secretary, staited by train for Melbourne to viBit the Chamber of Manufactures of that city, and under its auspices the various Victorian factories. The visitors will remain in the stater colony about ten days, and it is hoped that the committee of the Melbourne Chamber will be able to return the visit during the Exhibition next year. Bain ts the Noeth- West. —The Post master-General informs us that news has been received by the stationmaster at Port Augusta that the North- West country is all flooded. Tanks and dams are all full, and the mail cannot possibly reach here before Wednesday. Resignation of the Mayob of Unlbt.— At a special meeting of the Unley Town Council on Monday evening Mr. G. Howell tendered his resignation as Mayor, which was accepted. Death fbom Expostjbe.— Our correspon dent at the Mamukhill Goldfields writes:— ' On Friday, August 20, a middle-aged man named Benjamin Williams was found lying dead on the track between the Birthday and Elsie May Mines. The deceased, who had lately arrived here from Mannanarie to run the new mail between the mines and Manna hill, left camp on Thursday midday to hunt up his horses, and missing his way back to camp at night got benighted, aud so probably died from exposure, the night being very tempestuous and severely cold.' The City Council.— At the meeting of the City Council on Monday it was stated that Aldermen Tomkinson and Either, who were granted three monthB' leave of absence when they lefi for Europe, and who at the expiration of that term secured an extension of three months, . will not resume their civic duties until No vember. Under ordinary oiraumstanoes they would be due at the next meet ing, but on Monday three months' addi tional leave was granted. This will enable the gentlemen to spend about six weeks more in the old country. It will be remembered that a meeting' was recently held in the Council Chamber protesting against the Totalizator Bill. Councillor Roberts enquired by whose authority the conveners of that - gathering advertised the Council Chamber as the place of meeting. The Mayor stated that the Council had not authorized the advertise ment. Later on the same Councillor asked whether it was done by the authority of any of 'the officers, but His Worship simply adhered to Iiis original reply. A Jubilee Australian Municipal meeting is to be held in Sydney from October 12 to- 16, and on Monday a formal invitation from the Mayor of Sydney, asking the Councillors and their wives to attend, was read. It is understood that some of the Adelaide representatives will visit Sydney if possible. During the - past month the Inspector has been a sonrce of trouble to bakers. Fourteen persons have been summoned for selling light-weight bread, and twelve of them were fined. Some time ago a motion was passed by the Council calling for a report respecting a pro posed refrigerating chamber in the city. The Works Committee on Monday inti mated that only four butchers had expressed their willingness to use the Chamber if erected. It was estimated that the erection ? of the premises would involve an outlay of £3,1CO, while £750 would be required for maintenance purposes during six months of the year. Under the circumstances no further steps will be taken in the matter just now. It is intended to hold a full committee meeting to deal with the memorials which have been presented to the Works Committee concerning' the opening-up of Hindmarah ? square for vehicle traffic. Mr. Fleming's (scavenging contractor) name again figured in the report of the Works Committee. At the last meeting it was decided that he, in company with the Surveyor, Bhould attend the com mittee meeting during the fortnight to if possible arrive at a satisfactory arrangement - as to the infliction of fines for non-compliance with the specifications; The interview took place, and the outcome was that the com mittee recommended the Council to enforce the penalties preferred against Mr. Fleming. Exception was taken to the report by some of the Councillors, and a misunderstanding: Beemed to exist as to what really was the decision of the committee. Councillor Roberts alleged .that this portion of the busi ness was shuffled through by the committee, . and be withdrew the remark after re peated requests, but not before Alder man Solomon observed that it was Councillor Roberts who was shuffling. The Alderman recalled his words too. In accordance with the advise of the committee - the fines will be inflicted now. It ia intended to make the roadway along the south bank of the Torrens from King William-road tj Frome- road in connection with the Exhibi tion undertaking; £150 will be expended by the Council in completing the work. The impression formed by some of the Councillors was that the citizens wonld not be taxed to construct the road, but that the promoters of the Exhibition would do the work, and then hand it to the Coiporation. A suggestion was made that the Counoil ought to be con siderably more liberal than heretofore in matterB affecting the Exhibition, whtoh would be of immense benefit to the oity in particular. South Austbalian Insurance Company.. —An extraordinary meeting of the South Aus tralian Insurance Company was held at the* offices, 98, King William-street, on Monday afternoon, August 23. Mr. G. Scarfe, Chair man of Directors, presided. It was decided, on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. A. H. Beyer, to confirm the following resolutions passed at the last general meetinG* of the Company:— '1. That the special resolution proposed at a special general meeting of the Company, held at the office of the Company at Adelaide on the 18th day* cfFeljmaiy, 1673. and confirmed at a aobaa Juent meet-* held on tne Htt da^ of March. 1873, as foHows r-^-^Thafc^ the Station/or a DirectoETSTSO .sha.-ea' S rSded, , 2. That S^olaHon^r o?' articlea of association ba amended by^jBtrit Ing ont the words 'One hundred: shares' in the third line as printed, and inserting in the: place thereof 'Two hundred and fifty shares on which one pound per share has-been raid np, or as many abarea ot the old or new issue, or of the two -jointly, as may represent the sum of two handred and fifty ponnda paid np.' Mr. A- EL Beyer said that at the last meeting it had t been un truly Btatcd that he had bsen, 'lately an Auditor of the Permanent Equitable Boildins Society. This waB incorrect He had not been an Auditor of the Society since 1870. ' The Accident ok the Silv^btoit Bail wat.— Messrs. Millar Brothers, eontractora,. inform us that the estimated damage' caused by the accident on the Silverton Railway on Saturday week last owing to the contractors' material train running into a 'track which' was left on the line by some men while they went into the: foreat for some sleepers is about £400. The contractors in tended to prosecute the offenders, bat having obtained no clue nothing can be done in the matter, and Messrs. Millar Brothers will have to bear the loss themselves . Pastor agb nr the Htjitdbed op Hutchi son.— A petition was presented by Mr. Moule, M.P., to the Commissioner of Crown „ Landa on Monday, August 23, from seven teen residents of the Hundred of Hutchison, who, having seen that the Commissioner had set apart the travelling-atock road and reserve in this hundred for the depasturing of great cattle only, 'would ask that all the aheep be removed not later than the end of the present month, so that the KtaBB may grow before the licences are issued. If it were not done there would not be any pass at all, aa the dry season is fast approaching. They also asked that the three - chain road from Section 517 to Section 227, between Sections 232 and 233, and also between Sections bio and 816 be opened, as they lead to water reserves, and also that do one licence-holder should depasture more than ten head, be cause if that was not done the .large land holders would monopolize the whole. The Commissioner promised to obtain a report on the matter. Rabbits at Paea TVublte —A few days ago Mr. B. Caldwell, M.P., presented to the Commissioner of Crown Landa two pttitiona from forty-nine residents in the surrounding district, calling attention to the waste of money caused through the Govern ment rabbit party being kept at Para Wurliel The petitioners pointed out that the rabbits were doing no one any injury, because the country infested was desert, and not worth clearing. The rabbits had been there lour years, having been driven to the district when the Hundred of Moorowie waa cleared of vermin. They had not increased to any extent ? and would eventually exterminate them selves. By the parties being pnt in the country, the petitioners complained that the rabbits and wallabies were being sent into the good country and the Birroonding farms.. The Commissioner promised to make en quiries into the matter. Jubilee Exhtbhioit Catalogue. — Mr. J. M. Newing, of this city, Bailed on Monday by the Austral for London aa the special European representative of Mr. G. H. Car geeg, the publisher of this catalogue. S.A, Bjhe Association Matches.— The half-yearly matches of the S.A. Rifle Aasooia - tionwere fired at the Port Ranges on Mon day, and were very successfully carried out The grand aggregate was won by Mr. A* B. Addison, of Orroroo, who made 204, which waa twelve over inners. Mr. B. G. Lawson Ebot him fairly close with 200, and Mr. 1). Bews, M.P., did the same, but lost in the count out. Mr. Addison also won the mid range, Mr. J. McBae won the short range, and Mr. R. G. Lawaon the long range. Commercial Bask, or S.A. — Mr. A. M. Simpson invites by advertisement share holders in the Commercial Bank of South Australia to confer with him as to what steps can be token to keep down the legal expenses in connection with the ' liquidation of the Bank. The Advantages o* Pobt Dabwht.— We believe that Mr. Ward intends to give notice in the House of Assembly of a motion for the \- adoption of an address praying His Excel lency the Governor to call the attention of the Imperial authorities to the advantages of Port Darwin aa a site for an Imperial arsenal and harbour of defence, and expressing the willingness of the House to sanction a cession of land and other 'facilities for the carrying out of this object. Mr. Ward also intends to move for the appointment of a Commission to report upon the beat means of utilizing the advantages of Port Darwin in a commercial sense, particularly in reference to the inter change of commodities between Australia, the Archipelago of the Western and Southern Pacific, and Great Britain. Aboeiceses' Fbieniis' Association; — A meeting of the committee was held on August 20. Present— Mr. BL Hussey (in the the chair), Bev. J. McEwin, Mersrs, C. J.. Holder, M. Goode, W. Pengilly, G. Crase, J. Hales, F. W. Taplin, and C. N. Colliajn. Apologies were made for the absence of the EevB. F. W. Cox and James Bickford. The Secretary reported that two valnable Here ford cows had been purchased, with calves, from Mr. Price, of Hindmarah Island. The new boat had been completed and placed in work, carrying mails and Btores from Milang to the station. She was named the Teen minnie, after a native woman, supposed to have been the first who embraced Chris tianity at the station. The President reported promises towards the cost of the boat. \- from Sir Thomas Elder, £3 3a.; Mr. E T. Smith, £3 3s.; and Mr. E. Spicer, £1. The Superintendent had received pro mises or donations in cash or goods from the following :— Messrs. J. Col ton & Co., rope and blocks, £4 33. 8d.; Harris, Scarfe, and Co., chain cable, £1 10s.; Goode, Dnrrant, Tite, & Co., £1; Harrold Brothers, stove, £5 ; Captain Bickers, compass, £1 ; Joseph Allen, canvas, £1 6a. 8d.; William Russell, second anchor, bunting, and labour, £2 13a. lOd. ; D. & W. Murray, £4 4a.; A. Burnell, £1 7a.; Zeeland, £1 ; a Friend, 5s. It' was asserted that about £40 would be raised towards the object. The Superintendent was authorized to engage Mark Wilson, a three- quarter black youth, aa assistant teacher in the school. An amount not exceeding £28 waa voted for erecting an additional room at the Overseer's house, where t was much required. The Superin tendent's annual report waa read, also a report from the Rev. J. McEwin and Mr. Jamea Hales, who were appointed a deputa tion to viait the station. Their report, after a full examination/ waa of a thoroughly satis factory nature. A vote of thanks- was accorded them. The Chairman and Secretary . were appointed a sub-committee to prepare report and with Messrs. M. H. Madge and G. Crase to arrange for the annual meeting. Foufd Dead at Moockba.— Mounted-con- stable Shegog has forwarded the following report to the Superintendent of Police under date Carrieton, August 17:—' I have the honour to report that at 12.15 p.m. on the 16th inEt, John Carr reported that he and a friend named Barrey called at a tent on the 15th met, and found the owner, Charles Odgers, dead in his bed. I left at 1.30 p.m. to make » enquiries. On arriving at the tent I found deceased lying on his back in bad, and ap peared to have died without a struggle. I examined the body, which was greatly emaciated and appeared to have been dead about two day8. I could find no marks of violence about the body or anything sus picious. On the 6th. inst. I was. informed that deceased was destitute and in a dying state, and on the 7th I went ont to see him. He told me that he was not destitute and had plenty of everything he wanted, and the neighbours used to call and see if he wanted anything; he also said he was suffering from his old. complaint, rheumatism, but was getting better.and could walk about, and the reason he was in bed that day was on account of it being too cold to be out; he wanted no assistance, and wished to know who told me that he waa destitute or wished to be removed to the hospital. I made enquires, and found that he nad been ill in bed for about two months, and when the neighbours wished to take him io a doctor be «aid that doctors could do him JBS^KOpd, Jhatjt. waj only_rheumatismkajnd. would*go~a way when the weather got warmer. He wasilast seen alive on the 8th. instant by a man named Bead, who called to see him, and found him in bed, and appeared to be no .worse than when he previously saw him. I called at the house of Mr. Ormiaton, J.P., to report the matter to him, but he was absent, '.i'a-day I reported it to Mr. N. Travera, JJ?., who gave order to bury, as he did not , consider an inquest necessarv. Deceased was a selector, and at the time of death was living in an old tent on the selection, Hundred of Moockra. He waa a coloured man, supposed to have been born in Glasgow of Hindu parentB.' R/VIF. Annual Matches.— At the Smith field Ranges to-day :the K.V.F. annual matches begin. The entries for the various events have been very fair, and the contests in most; of them ought to be keen. The Executive Committee were busy yesterday getting the ranges in order, and No. 1 Com pany Match, which is the first on the list begins at 9 a.m. Firing for Kb. 2 match BEarts at 1 p.m. Martini-Henry rifles will be used throughout the competitions, and the parties firing may do so either in uniform or plain clothes. There are fifteen events on the programme, and the last one is the intercolonial contest between a South ^Aus- tralian team agamst Western Australia, . The Dog Acs oj 1885.— On Monday morn ing Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., presented to the Commissioner of . Crown 'Lauds a memorial from several farmexB and landowners fn the Hundreds of Bendleby, Yalpara, and Oladdie, praying for a reduction in the fee for the re gistration of dogs. The memorialists asked that the Dog Act of 1885 should be so amended that the registration-fee might be reduced to a uniform rate of not more than 5a. The reason for asking for such a concession was that the locality was much infested with rabbits, and wishing to carry out the provisions of the Rabbit Act of 1879 and 1885 they could not afford to keep sufficient doga and register them at the present fee for the purpose of eradicating the pests as they otherwise could. The Commissioner replied that to comply with the request would necessitate an Act of Parliament. The rates fixed by the present Act were the reBult ot careful enquiries made by a Select Committee of the' Souse of Assembly, and were adopted for the purpose of lessening the number of curs kept, which destroyed a large number of useful stock, It was not, therefore, the intention of the Government to make any alterations in the existing rates. Wattle and Almond Coxtxvation.— With reference to a paragraph in the Register of August 19, we are asked to state that Mr. H. E. Downer's request on behalf of certain settlers on Kangaroo Island as to wattle and almond cultivation waa that the Government should not enter into compe tition with private enterprise, but that if it were determined to cultivate the almond and wattle on Crown lands it would be better to lease suitable blocks at a nominal rental for say seven years during the time the ground was being prepared and the trees growing, and after that a fair rent might be charged for the land. Rivebira Raintall.— The following quan tities of rain were registered at the under mentioned places during ' the forty-eight hours ended Monday, August 23, at 9 a,m.:— Wagga Wagga, 0*350; Deniliquin, 0130; Hay, 0*410 ; Moulamein, 0080; Balranald, 0*020 ; Lonth, 0030 ; Pooccarie, 0 030 ; Went worth, 0075. Government Tenders.— AttheEnglneer- m-ChiefV Office on Monday, August 23, tenders were opened for various articles to be delivered to the Public Works Store keeper. Three-were obtained, the Iowc3t not being, declared. At the Superintendent of Public Buildings' Office, for additions to poa - office,at Border Town the tender of Mr. T. Semmens j was the lowest of five received; for repairs and improvements to school and residence at Stockport eight tenders were cent in, the lowest being that of Mr. G. A. Atkinson ; and for pamting the Industrial School at Magffi four tenders were opensd, the lowest being' Messrs. Colliver Brothers. Fedeeated Seamen's Union.— The Port Adelaide Branch of the Federated Seamen's Union held ita usual weekly meeting; on Monday evening. , There wa3 a food atten-, dance, over which the President (Mr. H. J. Pudney) presided. A letter was received from the Brisbane Branch stating that Mr. W. M. Galloway would- represent them at the approaching Trades and Labour .Congress in Adelaide. It stated that they thought; there was 'more smoke than fire' in the proposal of the Australasian Steamship owners' Association, and that it would soon blow over. The New. Zealand Branch notified that they would be repre sented at the Congress by their. President, Mr. Dods. Messrs. J. Rawlinga & Son wrote stating that at a mass meeting held in Mel bourne on the question of seamen's wages it waa said that the steamers of the Queensland Steamshipping Company were really owned by theBritish-Inaia Company, and they were trying to obtain a monopoly, and that conse quently the seamen should do their beat to work against them. This atatemant was not correct. The managing agents of -the Company had sent them a copy of an article : from the Brisbane Courier, which stated that in the Argus report of the Conference be tween delegates of the Trades! and Labour Council and representatives of maritime Labour Unions it was said that the sea-nen contemplated offering opposition to . the Queensland Steamship Company on the ground thai its steamers were owned by the British-India Company. The 'Britiah-India Handbook'; described, the Company a3 the 'British-India and Queensland Steamship ping Company.' That statement was In accurate, as the Handbook for 1886 did no; mention the Queensland Company or any of its steamers. The Companies were by no ietw* identical. Some shareholders, though, not all, were interested in both Com panies, but the Boards of Management were different. The local agents were the sams, and there was no doubt the two Companies worked in 'alliance. That such a mistake should be mada by the Union in Melbourne was excusable, but that the Secretary of the Seamen's Union in Queensland should do so waa unintelligible. The Queensland Com pany's boats were manned in the same way by men paid at the same rates as in the other intercolonial lines, and in respect to intercolonial trade competition they stood on precisely the same footing as the A.S.N. Company or Howard Smith and Sons, such being the case the Queensland Company should not be singled out for attack. The Secretary stated that he had received £2 from the Working Men's Associa tion towards the Ly-ee-moon Fund. He had £18 altogether for that fund. It was decided to entertain the delegates from the Bister Unions at a social on Monday week, and a committee was formed to make the necessary arrangements. It was also decided to have ten gold medals struck from the die in the Union'a possession, and that the members aaould be able to obtain them by payment of £L It was further decided to have fifty silver medals struck from the aame die. The receipts for the week were £1214a.6d. Government Relief Wobks.— On Mon day evening a working man called at this office and made che following statements with reference to 'the hardships endured by the men on the Government relief works at the North Arm.' Our informant stated that he had previoualy been on the worka at the Murray Flat8, but had to leave owing to the rising of the river. The wages he had re ceived there only sufficed to provide handto mouth support, and he with four others left, after settling their accounts, with very little money. The five men on Friday arrived at the North Arm, having had nothing to eat for twenty hours previously. Daring the day they purchased a little meat from a butcher, who promised to call again next day, but failed to put in an appearance. On the Sunday they had nothing but bread and jam, and on Monday morning they contented themselves with dry bread. They were, how ever, surprised when they oame to the embank ments to find that they had to go np to their knees in mud in order to do their work. The work was very hard, but they were told by the ganger to put heavier loads on their barrowB, the man adding that they would have to work hard if they wanted to earn 6s. a day. They receive 9d. per yard for what they ? rem.nvft,_t»it-_wf _.frfty fay** *o' c^rry the 1 earth 50 feet up an incline of 4 feet that does not pay the avarage man. At midday some of the men gave evident signs that the work waa telling 011 them, but in the evening it was pitiable to ;3es some of them trying to walk to their teats. All the time they were at work they were bullied by the overseer. Our informant complained bitterly of the men being required at times to work in water which is dangi;rou3, owing to the quicksands. Some of the men, he said, would not do so. He had had enough of the North Arm. He expressed his will ingness to . work, but contended that the navvy labour such as ia icqunrcd at the North Arm is unsuited to the capacity of men who are out of work, as dire necessity baB driven them from various callings io accept what the Government offeirs, A New Island. — The followiug informa tion—the report of Mr. 'W. N.' Allison, com manding the British ate^m vessel Fei Lung — has been received at the Hydrographic Office, Admiralty, from Commander Moore, Her Majesty's surveying vessel Rambler, relative to the existence of an island lying between L'Echiquier Group and Durour Island, recently seen when on the passage from Sydnoy to Shanghai This island (Allison \ Island) is covered with trees, and appeared to be 2 or 3 mile3 lonjf in a north west and sonth-e^st direction, and 100 feet to 150 feet in height. The Fei Lung passed about midway between Durour and Allison Island, and at an estimated distance of 6 to 8 miles from both islands, which were visible at the'; same time. Position, approxi mate, as reported, lat 1° 25' S., long. 143'26'lE. The Fei Lung reports that an excellent noon position was obtained an hour and a half before sighting Allison Island. 'Unless,' sayB Captain W. J. L. Wharton, the chief of the Hydrographic Office, '|the positions 01 the islands on the chart are more inaccurate than they are believed to be there is little doubt that the island now reported is a new discovery. Mariners should use caution in navigating this vicinity. The bearings are magnetic variation 9° easterly in 1886.' ? Commercial Tbavellehs' Association.—. The Committee of Management of the South. Australian Commercial Travellers' Associa tion held a meeting at Beach's Room .on Saturday last, the 21st inst, the. chair being occupied by Mr. G. C. Knight (the President). : Funds at date were shown to be £272 3s. Id., suspense account, £4 4s.; accountB passed for payment, £10 8s. 2d. The Secretary (Mr. C. Aubrey) reported that the subscription to the Adelaide Hospital of £5 5s. and a donation of £1 Is. to the Boys' Brigade had been paid ; 8ince last meeting one in-door and three out door orders for the Adelaide Hospital had been issued by the Secretary to deserving persons on the recommendation of members. Correspondence was produced from Mr. James Storrie, jnn., forwarding suggestions rt railway matters. It waa resolved that the President and Secretary report re same to next meeting. Several complimentary cards of invitation were received by the President from the Queensland Commercial Travellers' Association for their excursion and picnic. Regret was expressed that he could not attend. The scholarships at Prince Alfred College and the Advanced School for Young Ladies had not yet been agreed upon. While m Sydney recently the President waa enter tained moat hospitably by the Commercial Travellers' Association of New South Wales. He reported the successful working of that Association, also the arrangement it had with the Railway Department. The Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. — The firat meeting of the Royal Commission appointed to take measures for securing an adequate representation of Victoria at the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition of 1887 was held in Melbourne August 19. The Argus gives the following report of the pro ceedings:— ' There were present— Mr. Robert Murray Smith, C.M.G. (President), Colonel Sargood, M.L.C. (Vice-President), Mr. Bent, Mr. Officer, and Mr. Hall, M.L.A.'s, Alder man J. C. Stewart (Mayor of Melbourne), Mr. S. H. McGowan, Mr. C. Salter, Mr. D. Beath, Mr. L. L. Mount, Mr. J. A. Kitchen, Mr. J. McDougall, and Mr. W. Trenwith. The rules for the Victorian Commission of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition were placed before the meeting, and were adopted as the rules for this Com mission, with slight, alteration. - Com mittees - were .appointed as i, follow.: — Finance and Executive— The President, Tice-President, Mri .Tucker, ';M.L A.»; Mr. Beatb, Mr. Hogg, ' and . .' Ma Stewart. Pastoral 'and Agricultural— Mr, Officer, MJi^A.. Dr. Piummer, Mr: Winter, M.L.a, , Mr. C. Young, MIL.A., Mr. G. W.: Hall,; M.L.A., and Mr. J. Davies. Timber and BufldingMaterials, &c;— Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., Mr. Bent, M.L.A., Mr. Kitchen, Mr. Mount, and Mr. Trenwith. Manufactures— The Vice President, Mr. Mount, Mr. Kitchen, Mr. Beath, Mr. McDougall, Mr. Bent, MX. A., and Mr. Trenwith. Wines, Spirits, and Food Products— Dr. Plummer, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Salter, Mr. McGowan, Mr. Davies, Mr. Winter, M.L.C., Mr. Hall, M.L.A., Mr. Officer, M.L.A., and Mr. Hogg. Mining and Machinery— Mr. Bent, M.L. A., the VicePresi dent, Mr. Winter, Mr. Youne, Mr. Salter, Mr. McGowan, f and Mr. Trenwith. Education, Science, and Art— Mr. Beath, the Viee President, ;Mr. Officer, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Salter, Mr; McGowan, Mr. McDougall, and Mr. Kitchen. In reply to questions, the Chairman said that they did not know as yet what space Victoria would have allotted to it in the Exhibition, but Mr. Conlgrave, the Secretary, would visit. Melbourne soon, and would confer with him. He apprehended that a large number of the Victorian exhibits at the Colonial and Tnrlian Exhibition would be available for Adelaide. It was stated that many of the exhibits at the approaching Juvenile Exhibition at Sandhurst could like wise be Becured for Adelaide.' An Austbalian Musical Wondeb —The Sydney Mail of AuguBt 21 writes : — ' Sydney has lately been delighted and entertained by the performances of three young ladies, of whom the youngest has not entered her teens. Yet within thia city has been resident for some years a little girl whose musical powers are phenomenal, whose tiny fingers fly over the keyboard with fairylike speed, and who playa not as if she were giving the result of study or labour, but as though sho were Dlay ing with the pianoforte' as an ordinary child playB with her favourite toy. Little Elsie Hall is now 9 years of age, and small for her age. There is nothing of the wonder-child about her manner. The talent ia inherited from her mother, who for yeara waa known and valued as a teacher of music in Queens land. The little one from her birth heard music constantly, and before she could walk picked out on the pianoforte musical phrases. She played by instinct, and learning the notes has been acquired almost by acci dent. Mr. and Mrs. Hall came to Sydney about three years ago, and soon afterwards placed their little girl under Madame Char bonnet-Kellermann'a tuition, and many persons remember with what delighted sur prise they listened to the peifcrmance of little Elsie at the pupils' concerts nearly two years ago. For some time the child has been under Herr Kretschmann'a care, and beyond the extraordinary facility with which she has triumphed over the difficulties of piano forte-playing a remarkable advance has been made since the C minor concerto of Beet hoven has been studied, and the child has not only learned the music accu rately from memory, but Las played it with eight instrumentalists asso ciated in the performance. Evidence 0! the most satisfactory kind was afforded of this at a gathering of musical connoisseurs assembled on Saturday last at the invitation of Herr Kretschmann in the hall at the German Club. The amazement of the audience waa as great as their pleasure. In little Elsie there ia nothing to show that 3he is con scious of possessing extraordinary gifts. She is a thorough child, not overstrong physically, full of fun, and not disposed to go through any drudgery. Of the theory or science of music she knowa very little, her parents having wisely resisted any attempts at forcing her gifts or of overtaxing her strength by any intellectual pressure. There ia something irresistibly amusing in seeing'thia little child seat herself at the piano and play the elabo rate cadenza which Carl Reinecke has com posed for the fifth concerto, her tiny hands unable to stretch an octave, and the octaves played by flying leaps afc a marvellous pace -Whilelthe -fingers -aTe-busy-ElBie-ia -by- no means absorbed; j'The.jbright dark;e_yes soanl the faces of' the company, and the little head turns fijom side' to side- to mark all that is going on. Her giftr is, however, m uch beyond that of running over the keys and remember ing music. So true is her ear that she can accurately name any note sounded at ran dom, she being away from the piano or in strument upon which it ia sounded, and also tells the uotes forming any chord struck. Moreover, she has the creative power, and, had she the knowledge necessary to expreaaher ideas, many little melodic gems would have been committed to paper.. Elsie'a genius deserves the best care. As a scholar at our Royal College of Music, where Victoria and South Australia have had their pupils, New South Walea and Queensland, for both are interested, might with honour be represented. Death of a Centenarian. — The H obart Mercury of Augnst 18 writes :—' There died yesterday at his place of residence, in Liver pool- Etreet, John Woodcock Graves, an old colonist, who was verging on his hundredth year, fle came to Tasmania in June, 1833, as providore of the emigrant ship Sfcrathfield, and after a short sojourn in Sydney returned to Tasmania where he settled down for the remainder of his daya. Two of his sons have made their mark in the colony, John Wood cock GraveB, the eminent barrister, now de ceased, who during his lifetime took a great interest in all connected with Tasmania, and Joseph Graves, who owns large timber mills at Southpoit, and waa the mainstay of his father in his old age. One of his daughters is Mra. Hubbard, who resides in Melbourne, and takes a great interest in charitable insti tutions. The name of John Woodcock Graves will go down to posterity as the author of the well-known hunting song, ?John Peel.' He was a native of Cumber land, England, and the aong with its rattling chorus was descriptive of the fox hunting for which the Border counties on each side of the Tweed are famous. There a hunt dinner— of which there are many in the season— is regarded as incomplete with out^ the well-known refrain of 'D'ye ken John Peel,' as the flowing bowl passes round, and the i welkin rings again and again with the hearty chorus. Some years ago the huntsmen of his native country testified their appreciation of the author of their favourite song by sending him a present. The song was a favourite of the deceased, and those who have heard him sing it acknowledge that he did so with all the warmth of a Cum brian.' : . ; : ?. » Sib Samuel Wilson, M.P.— Sir Samuel Wilson, the defeated of Bucks, has found a Beat at Portsmouth, displacing Mr. Van derbyl. '. Among the brief biographical sketches : of successful candidates. ; in - the Pall Mall Gazette we .find the following :— 'Hughenden .has bronght good. fortune to its. new owner. Sir Samuel Wilson has at last attained the object of his ambition,- ? and writes M.P. after his name. A colonial 'big bug5 himself, he has ousted another; for Mr. Yauderbyl, the Ministerial candidate, is an Australian Vanderbilt, though less famous than Sir SamueL Born in 1832, at Ballycloughan, County Antrim, one of the six sons of bis father, Sir Samuel (he was plain Samuel and poor Samuel in those daya) emi- ' grated, like other Irishmen have done, from Erin's Isle. His Celtic acutenesa enabled him in time to become a leading member of the great Australian squattocracy — gentle- men to whom a few hundred thousand acres are neither here nor there. They bought when land was worth a song or a stick of tobacco. To-day they reap the fruita of their sagacity. So Mr. Wilson prospered, and two Victorias were kind to him, One helped him on to wealth, the other knighted him, and he arose Sir Samuel, much to his delight. Some day his wealth may float him into a happy land where troubles cease and elec tionB are no more. Well known in Australia, he found himself an obscurity in London, and, after casting about for a time he procured a great personal advertisement by buying the retreat of Burke and Beacons field, which resulted in ' para' of . which Bainum might have been proud. By thia means he hoisted hims°lf above the public,*) but he is still dangling. Portsmouth has now ' given him what he would call, in his happy colonial phraseology, a 'leg up.' He plays the host on an extensive scale, and endeavours to feed himself into vogue. Bat if Dizzy's ghost ever walks the long corridors of the Hughenden Manor House, he might whisper to Sir Samuel that 'manners makyth the man' as well as gold. In time, Sir Samuel will develop into a tolerable party hack. He is gregarious as his own aheep.' Fkaudulent Caeds.— The Sydney Morn ing Herald of Monday draws attention to the fact that packs of cards ingeniously marked for cheating are manufactured in Sydney. It ' states that the cards were originally manufactured by the well known maker De la Rue, but [after reach ing Sydney were cleverly manipulated with fraudulent intent. They had originally dark red backs, which have since been ornamanted profusely with gilded scrollwork and foliage, which is used as a vehicle for the fraud. When once the distinctive marks are pointed out there is nothing required but practice and a quick eye to enable a player to read his opponent's hand by watching the cards aa they are dealt, or by inspecting the backs of them during the game. There are two marks on each card, one showing the suit to which it belongs and the other its Lvalue. The designs for the scrolls and marks were planned, lithographed, and printed on the cards in Sydney, and the fraudulent paokai which are veiy well termed ' readers,' have been disposed of there. The Sbgaha Goldftelds. — From the British North Borneo Herald of July 1 we quote the following extract from Captain Beeaton's report on the goldfields of the' Segama River, which he visited in March, 1886 :— ' Summarizing so far, I have been able to establish beyond doubt the fact that payable and in places highly remunerative diggings exist in the main Segama, from the Dusun Campong up to the highest point reached, and that in addition five streams re ported on separately above contain gold in large quantities, all of which streams join the Segama from its southern bank. The actual auriferous area would be impossible to estimate accurately without survey, but beyond all queation the Darvel Bay Diatrictr will ere long prove to be one large goldfield. Thia country in my opinion will never pay Europeans to ' rash,' not because the gold is not in sufficient quantities, but for the reason that all the conditions of life here are en tirely different to those in Australia or Cali fornia, The 'white digger1 cannot travel or feed himself according to his peculiar ideas in this countif, and would probably soon lose hia health. lam of opinion that when once the fact of the existence of gold ia known a few 'white diggera' may come here and make profitable work ; but a rush of white diggers in a large body should be dis couraged.' RrvEB Levels. — The following figures sfa ow the state of the rivers at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Monday, August 23 :— Mnrray— Albury, 8 feet ; Wahgunyah, 7 ft. 5 in.j Echuca, 16 ft. 9 in.; Swan Hill, 9 ft. 3 in.; Euaton, 6 ft. 11 in.; Overland Corner, 4 ft. 10 in. Murrumbidgee— Gundagai, 15 ft 10in.j WaggaWagga, 17ft.,ri&ing; ; Hay, 5 ft 6 in., rising ; Balranald, 9 ft 3 in. Darling — Bourke, 36 ft 7 in., rising ; Louth, 33 ft 11 in., rising; Tilpa, 36 ft 8 in., rising; Wilcannia, 32 ft. 6 in.; Menindie, 24 ft, stationary; Pooncarie, 21 ft. 1 in.; Went worth, 9 ft. 9 in. Namoi and Barwon— — Mungundi, 28 ft falling; Mogil and Namoi, over banks, falling ; Barwon at Wal gett 40 ft 8 in., stationary ; Brewarrina, 32 ft 6 in., rising. Culgoa— Goodoga, 10 ffc. 6iD. Immigration and Emigration.— During the week ending Saturday, August 21, the arrivals at Port Adelaide by sea numbered 191\. Of these 8 came from Sydney, 154 from Melbourne, 26 from London, and 3 from Port Darwin. The number of persons who left Port Adelaide by sea during the same period waa 278. Of these 8 went to Mauri tins, 203 to Melbourne, 18 to Sydney, 40 to Albany, and 9 to Port Darwin. This results in a loss to the colony of 87. Proposed Amalgamation of Catholic Benefit Societies.— Mr. Francis Duignan, of Currie-sureet, who left Adelaide in the Austral on Monday on a trip to Ireland, is empowered by the local authorities to arrange preliminaries with a view to the amalgama tion of tha Hibernian Aastralaaian Catholic Benefit Society and the Irish National Foresters. If thia union is brought abont it is expected that it will prove of great benefit to both Societies, ? . -. 