A Man's Mother-in-law. It is a mystery which no one has yet solved, why BO many sad jokes are constantly being perpetrated about a man's mother-in-law. What dreadful crime has the unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with his wife tbut he should bear such an undying grudge against her ? Now it it waa a woman's mother-in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them ; for it is the maris mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only, gives her the ghost of a chance. "When the young couple first go to house- keeping who is it that comes in and with, her good sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places P A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is most I apt to criticise, and who exasperates the i young wife by quoting, all too frequently, " My son is used to baring things thus and so." " My son muBt have this or-that for his meals." My Bon, with his small income, should have married a pradent economical woman/* etc. When the first baby makes- its appearance aB well as the successive ones, who is it that steps- in and relieves the husband of his weary vigilo, and takes the load of care und worry off the wife's feeble shoulders, and keeps the household machinery running smoothly ? The man's mother-in-law. When be and his wiSe plan to take a little trip together, who is it comes in and takes ,eharge of thfl) house and the children, so that 'they can peacefully enjpy their holiday, with the restful thought., " Mother is there and it will be all right ?'* , The »fl-n's mother-in-law. WWi there is sickness or trouble, in the houB*> who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathising friend S The man's mot'wr-iu-law. And if, in the course of events, the wife dies who is that usually comes in and takes care of the children, and keeps up- the home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife ? A man's mother-in-law» And how does lie reward her for oil this de- votion ? i - By making heartless jokes at her expensa and publishing them for other men to snicker over ! Ingratitude, thy name is Man! 