1We lately remarked (says the Broad Arrow) in au article oil Russia that neither the princes nor peoples of the Balkan Peninsula were anxious to become Rus sian feudatories or Russian subject, and that neither Germiany or Austria would ever consent to give Russia a free hand to deal with the Balkan States as she pleased. Since then very momentous events have occurred, and the action of Germany and Austria in the matter is incomprehensible. On the one hand. we have an all absorbing power like Russia, pursuing a course of action which would simply close the Danube for Austria, and convert the Black Sea into a Russian lake with a vast fortress astride of its hick gates. On the other hand, we see two kindred nations like Germany and: Austria, whose interests would seem to be identical, consenting to a policy swhich must injure tihemselves. What is the key of the enigia ? It is said that the explanation of it all is the dread of Prince Bismarck of a Franco-Russian alliance, and having to fight France in front and Russia in rear. If England were a reliable ally, the real league of peace for Europe would be Ger many, Austria, and England. Their in terests do not lash, and they are connected by race and affinity. Around such a league of peace the smaller States, who tremblingly await absorption, might ally themselves. But even without England, Austria and Germany might stand back to back against Russia and Fra.nce with a fair chance of success. But Austria is an un fortunate nation. It has ever been her fate gallantly to fight, and unfortunately to fail. Nations, like individuals, cannot afford to risk partnership with the unlucky one. Anyhow, the air is full of explosive gas, which a spark may ignite at any moment: Meanwhile hdwis it with the British ai-my? Where is the first army corps ? Where are its generals, and who compose its staff ? A member of the House of Commons may well ask where itis.- Eighteen iillioii'sterlifig spent annually on- our army, and the ghost of an army corps to show for it. veryl nationi in -Europe is reidyj to fly at its:neighbour's throat, dither to'rob her or to preserve what she herself has stolen. Meanwhile we go on experimenting as quietly as the philosophers at .laputa. Experimental rifles-experimental drill :experimental cannon. With the greatest command of money and mechanical science in the: world, we are the'last nation in Europe to invent or adopt any military improvement. No nation in Europe has our constant experience of warfare-for we are always at war-and yet no nation in Europe knows less ibout it. : 