THE MURRAY AND ITS TRIBU- TARIES. As we learn that our reading of the agreement arrived at by the joint Water Commission has been questioned, as to the powers of the proposed trust over the tributaries of the Murray above and below Howlong respectively, we once more return to that and other aspects of the subject. Indeed, we need no apology for dwelling on a matter which is of such deep concern to this district. It seems that the people in the Goulburn and Ovens Valleys, and also about Echuca are alarming themselves, by the impres- sion that the waters of the Goulburn, the Campaspe, and the Ovens will be placed under the jurisdiction of the trust within Victorian territory ; while the " Argus " maintains, as we have already stated, that the Commission claimed " that none of the Victorian tributaries of the Murray above Howlong, and more especially the Mitta Mitta and Kiewa, should have their supplies diminished in any way while still flowing through Victorian territory, and this point the representatives of Victoria, after a struggle were obliged to concede." We hold that these interpretations of the treaty are incorrect — that the trust may divert one-half the water, after providing compensation water, from the Mitta Mitta or Kiewa, to work Victorian mines or irrigate Victorian soil, but that the trust will have no property in, or control over, the waters of the Ovens, the Goulburn, the Campaspe, or any other Victorian rivers below Howlong, the whole of whose waters, except compensation water, may be diverted by the Victorian Legislature for Victorian purposes. This is quite evident from the 3rd clause of the treaty which we have not yet quoted and which runs thus : — That the waters of the tributaries of the Lower Murray (that is to say below Howlong), except such proportions thereof as shall, under the direction of the trust, be required as compensation water for the main rivers, may be diverted and used by the respective colonies through which they flow. Surely nothing could be plainer than this. The Victorian rivers below How- long would be in the same position as regards the trust as would the Murrum- bidgee, the Lachlan and the Darling in New South Wales. The trust would have no jurisdiction over these waters, except to see there was a sufficient discharge, as compensation, at the point of the disem- boguement of each into the Lower Murray. With regard to the " Argus " contention that " the Mitta Mitta or Kiewa should not have their waters diminished in any way, " which of course means by diversion, we think we can readily dispose of that. The 3rd clause says : — That the whole of the waters of the Upper Murray and its tributaries, and the whole of the waters of the Lower Murray shall be deemed to be the common pro- perty of the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria and subject to the reserve of such compensation water, as the trust may from time to time determine each of the said colonies shall have the right to take and divert one-half of such water at such point or points as may be fixed on as most suitable for the requirements of such colony, &c;, &c.; It is therefore clear that one-half the Water of the Mitta Mitta or Kiewa could be diverted, and used within Vic- toria, while the other half would be claimed by the trust to run free into the main stream. We agree with our valued correspondent, Mr. PICKERSGILL, that it is a great triumph to have secured for the use of Victoria one-half the waters from, the Murray proper to which we would otherwise have no legal right ; but we repeat that this district pays too dearly for that, as it gets little or nothing in return, except along the immediate valley of the great river. It must be remembered that the Murray at Albury is even in full flood not quite 531 feet above the level of the sea, that being the ascertained elevation of the railway- station ; while by actual — although not very reliable — survey, Running Creek, a tributary of the Kiewa, at a point where there was supposed to be sufficient water for conveyance by gravitation to Lake Kerferd, must have more than 2000 feet of elevation. Whether that be so or not, we know by actual trial that the upper waters of the Little River dominate the magnificent valley of Yackandandah, with its golden bed and banks and teeming soil ; and that if there was only enough of water in the river, it might be con- veyed to Chiltern, Barnawartha and Rutherglen. To have our property and control over it cut down by one-half is therefore a very serious matter indeed, and would leave Beechworth no other possible source of supply than the Ovens River, from which the supply would have to be lifted by expensive ma- chinery, to be worked at a large and perpetual cost. We would again urge upon our readers, but more especially the representatives of Benambra and the Ovens the urgency of obtaining a proper survey of the country between the Little River and Lake Kerferd, with a view to reserv- ing from the operation of the proposed enactments of the two colonies a sufficient quantity of water in the Upper Kiewa for the supply of the higher portions of the district. It must be taken into consideration that our claim to this source of supply has been agitated for more than a quarter of a century, and that it has been fully recognised and sanctioned by half-a- dozen different Governments. ———— THE MINING BOARD ELECTION.— The election of a member of the Beechworth Mining Board, to fill the vacancy in the representation of the Beechworth division caused by the death of Mr. Robert Bolam, took place on Saturday last. As is cus- tomary on such occasions, there was very little excitement over the event, except, it might be, in the minds of the candidates in their anxiety to know the result of their appeal for the support of the miners, and it was only towards the close of the poll that that any interest on the part of the public was manifested. The ballot-papers contained six names — those of Messrs. Beilby, Biddington, Little, Wiseman, Yoxall and Reid, though the last-named had some weeks previously announced his intention of retiring from the contest. Mr. Little's election was regarded as certain, though it was felt that in certain parts of the division Mr. Wiseman would run him very close. The voting showed this im- pression to be well grounded ; as the former gentleman was elected by a clear majority of 99 ; the polling (the details of which are given in another column) being as follows : — Little, 210 ; Wiseman, 111 ; Biddington, 94 ; Beilby, 6 ; Reid, 3 ; Yoxall 2. At Beechworth Mr. Little polled precisely double the number of votes recorded in Mr. Wiseman's favor — viz., 78, as against 39 — and at each of the other booths he had a majority with the excep- tion of at El Dorado, where the voting was equal, and at Hurdle Flat, where Mr. Wiseman secured 16 votes, as against Mr. Little's 7. The successful candidate, who has been declared duly elected, is a prac- tical miner, and we have no doubt but that he will adhere to the pledges given during his recent canvass for support, and in his position as a member of the board look well after the interests of the industry with which he has been so long and intimately connected. THE MINING BOARD. — Mr. J, Wood Beilby has supplied us to-day with an abstract of the duties and powers of min- ing boards, as defined and directed by the Mining Statute now in force. As it is de- sirable for miners to acquaint themselves with these, and to require their perfor- mance, in the interests of all, we advise those who are interested, and do not possess a copy of the Mining Statute, to cut out and preserve the letter published in this issue. NED KELLY. — A German traveller, who has just published at Leipzig an account of his wandering in Australia, relates the following curious adventure on the 29th of December, 1879. as he was leisurely mak- ing his way on horseback from Wodonga to Melbourne. " Two men, " he says, " mounted on strong, wiry horses, rode out of the bush, and, accosting me with ' Hullo ! old man,' motioned me to stop. One of them was a good-looking, broad- shouldered fellow, with a short-cut beard, and clothed in the regulation costume of the country, namely, a colored flannel jumper of the best quality, corduroy trousers, partially covered by an excellent pair of high boots, and a strong leather belt, into which two bright revolvers were thrust. On his head was the felt hat worn in all weathers. There were pistols also in the holsters of his saddle. His com- panion was taller, more carelessly dressed, and with a hollower countenance, showing indications of menial anxiety. At first I took them for troopers, on account of the similarity of their accoutrements. The friendly manner of the man who addressed me disarmed suspicion, and I stopped. Approaching me, they asked me a number of questions in a curt military manner, where I had come from, whither I was going, and what I had heard and seen in Albury and Wodonga. They appeared satisfied with my answers, and the second said, with a pleasant smile and in a cheer- ful voice, ' Well, old man, come and have some lunch. ' I followed them into the bush, where in a little clearing, surrounded by thick scrub, a small fire was burning near a creek. I enjoyed some capital whisky, first-rate salt meat, bread and butter, and tea out of a pannikin. During the meal they asked me some more ques- tions, principally concerning the police, and whether I had heard anything about the Kelly gang. When my hunger had been appeased, they accompanied me back to the road, and, on reaching it, the shorter of the two said, ' You'd be afraid to meet the Kellys in the bush, wouldn't you ? ' No, ' I replied, ' for I have nothing valuable about me, and besides, it seems to me they only rob banks, shoot police- men, and don't interfere with travellers. ' ' Right you are, ' said he, with some strong expletives. ' They are not so blood-thirsty as people make them out to be. I am Ned Kelly ; and I tell you we are only seeking revenge for the bloodshed. ' Wish- ing me good bye, he rejoined his brother Dan, who, after having carefully extin- guished the fire and effaced all trace of it, had remounted his horse. " TALLANGATTA POLICE COURT.— On Fri- day, 14th inst.,before Mr. W. H. Foster, P.M., and Mr. Wm. Carkeek, J. P., the following cases were dealt with : — Martin Bohun v. Isaac Ballard : Claim £2 2s. 1¼d, goods sold and delivered. The summons not having been served was enlarged to the 2nd June. Herbert Jarman v R. Kane : Committing injury to property valued at £10. In this case also the sum- mons had not been served, and it was enlarged to the 2nd June. Martin Bohun v. Daniel Kirk : Claim £5 8s. 9d, goods sold and delivered. Summons net served ; enlarged to the 2nd. June. Same v. Mrs. Vandenburg : Claim £10 16s. 6d., goods sold and delivered. Order for amount and costs. (Mr. Carkeek here left the Bench.) Hy. Martin v. Benambra and Tallangatta Jockey Club : Claim £5. 10s., balance of account for work and labor done. Order for 20s. and 2s. 6d. costs. (Mr. Carkeek then resumed his seat). Police v. T. J. Murray : Allowing pigs to wander. Mounted- constable Allwood applied for a postponement, for the atten- dance of a witness. ' He had been very busy during the last week on important business, and had not been enabled to summon the necessary witnesses. The case was postponed till next court, on the 2nd June. CHRIST CHURCH, BEECHWORTH.— An additional attraction was lent to the musical portion of the evening service in the above church last Sunday by the rendering of two solos by Mr. Staker, of Melbourne, whose fine tenor voice was heard to good effect in both beautiful selections of sacred music. The accom- paniments were very well played by Mrs. Manton, the church organist. DEATH AT BRIGHT.— Mr. John Martin, a well known and respected resident of Bright, and a prominent member of the Salvation Army movement at that place, died on Monday last, after a few days' illness. Deceased was attended by Dr. Wickens for inflammation of the lungs. He will be buried in the Bright Cemetery to-morrow (Wednesday). THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.— The match between the Australian Eleven and Lord Sheffield's team was concluded in Sheffield Park, Sussex, on. Saturday, and resulted in the defeat of the colonials by eight wickets. The following were the scores : — Australians — First innings, 98 ; second, 70\. Englishmen — First innings, 105 ; second, two wickets for 64. THE LATE MR. P. MURRAY. - The re- mains of the late Mr. Patrick Murray, of Mudgegonga, who died at Beechworth on the 13th inst., were interred in the Stanley Cemetery the following (Friday) afternoon, the burial rites of the Roman Catholic Church being performed by the Very Rev. Dean Tierney. Deceased, who had been a resident of the district for the past thirty-two years, was a farmer at Mudgegonga, where he also acted as post- master, and leaves behind him a family of twelve, many of whom are grown up and able to take care of themselves. He had many friends, and was held in much respect by a large circle of acquaintances, by whom his death, after a brief illness, is greatly regretted. ENTERTAINMENT AT TALLANGATTA.— The Tallangatta Amateur Musical and Dramatic Society held their first concert in the Court-house on Friday, 14th. inst. The hall was filled, and money had to be returned at the doors. The concert was for the benefit of the athenæum, and the funds were considerably augmented. Much credit is due to Mr. Perkins, the musical director, for the very creditable manner in which he had inaugurated the affair. Where all were good, it would be invidious to particularise ; but much praise is due to Messrs. Bruton, Southern and Hostin for the manner in which they performed their parts. Mr. Hennessy, as interlocutor to the minstrels and in the principal part in " The Manager in a Fix, " was inimit- able. He and Bruton were the stars, not forgetting Mr. William Carkeek, in the sailor's hornpipe. We have seen this gentleman dance a quarter of a century ago, and must say that he mellows with time. Mr. Charles Southern received a well-merited encore, for " Jack's Come Home To-day ; " this number being especially good in enunciation and pathos. Amongst the corner-men in the minstrels honorable mention should be credited to Messrs. Shinnig, Hostin, Banks and McGrath. In the sentimental portion Mr. Henty, in get-up and rendition, was fairly good. In " Old Jeff " Mr. Bruton was perfection, the last verse having to be repeated. It is sufficient to say that the accompanists were Messrs. Perkins (piano) and George Fortescue (violin). As female characters Wallie Dyring, Tom Ballard and Wm. Spillane were good. The part of the ghost was well rendered by George Ballard, both in the " tragico-comic " sketch of " The Echo and the Ghost, " in conjunction with Messrs. Ballard and Hostin, and in the farce of " The Manager in a Fix. " I am pleased to state that the athenaeum will benefit some £10 by the concert, and it is felt that Mr. Perkins is a great acquisition to the district. It only shows how urgent the want is for a suitable building in Tallangatta for a performance of this sort. We have the talent, and it is now shown that we can secure appreciative audiences if a hall were built to hold them. I cannot conclude this without calling attention to the unseemly conduct of two larrikins in the stalls, and I would also faintly rebuke ladies for sitting in the immediate front, nursing children, with hats of three feet radius. I had almost forgotten the indefatigable hon. secretary, Mr. Walter Pemberton, who carried out his arduous duties to general satisfaction. I only trust that this newly-formed society will give us some more social evenings, and " may we be there to see. " ELECTORAL REGISTRAR. — Mr. John Young, of Rutherglen, has been appointed elec- toral registrar for the Wahgunyah division of the electoral district of Moira and for the North- Eastern Province, in place of Mr. Donald Brown, removed from office. WESLEYAN CHURCH, COROWA. — Our correspondent writes : — On Sunday, 9th. inst., the Rev. Mr. Weston, of Albury, preached the second anniversary sermon in the Wesleyan Church, Corowa. Mr. Weston is an excellent preacher, and commanded the full attention of his hearers. He preached both morning and night. On the Tuesday following a tea- meeting was held. It was well provided, and the only drawback to a very successful issue was that the attendance was not so good as expected. The church had been nicely decorated, and Misses Duncan, Gardiner and Parkin and Mesdames Harvey and Parkin amply provided all that was required. After the tea, the following programme was gone through : — Anthem, " The Happy Home Above ; " prayer. Rev. W, H. Hall ; duet, " Had I the Wings of the Morning, " Misses Dun- can ; chairman's address, Rev. William Weston ; song, " The Pilot, " Mr. T. Ma- chin ; address, Mr. L. Frazer ; anthem, " Casting all your Care Upon Him ; " song, " The Master Stood in his Garden," Mr. L. Frazer ; financial statement and address, Rev. W. H. Hall, B. A. ; anthem, " We've Sighted the Golden Shore ; " song, " Hark, the Drum, " Miss B. Dun- can ; vote of thanks to ladies, moved by Mr. L. Frazer, seconded by Mr J. Evans ; vote of thanks to singers, moved by Mr. A. Piggin ; anthem, " Him that Cometh ; " vote of thanks to the chairman ; Doxology ; Benediction. The nett proceeds of the entertainment amounted to about £10. The income of the church for the year ending 31st April last was £296 14s. 1d., and the expenditure £339 13s. 3d., leaving a debit balance of £43 19s. 2d. THE WANDILIGONG SHOW. — At the last monthly meeting of the Wandiligong and District Horticultural Society the future operations were discussed, as to the best means to be adopted in the introduction of live stock at coming shows. It was, the " Observer " reports, resolved that horse and cattle sections should be added. STANDING ON THEIR DIGNITY. — The con- suls for the French and American Repub- lics in Sydney are reported to have refused to attend the annual consular dinner, on the ground that all other foreign consuls in Sydney are merely tradesmen. The terms of their refusal have given great umbrage to the other consuls. A NARROW ESCAPE. — What might have ended more seriously happened to Miss M. A. Ellis on the 10th. inst., whilst alighting from a buggy at her father's house, states the Upper Murray " Herald. " Her dress caught in the brake handle, and threw her heavily to the ground. Assis- tance was soon at hand, but she had to be lifted bodily up to be freed. The violence of the fall was rendered greater by her springing from the buggy. She was ren- dered senseless, but fortunately got off with a severe shock and no bones broken. NARROW ESCAPE FROM SNAKE - BITE. — Last week Mr. G. Camplin, Mulwala, had a very narrow escape from snake-bite. It appears that he was removing a lot of bags which were deposited in the yard, when he suddenly felt something clinging to his arm, which, to his intense horror, he discovered to be a large black snake. He immediately gave the alarm, and managed to shake the reptile off. His brother, Mr Arthur Camplin, having heard the alarm, rushed to the scene, and, on approaching the spot, was received with a spring from his snakeship, which, with difficulty, was averted by Mr. Camplin falling over an empty case. Immediate chase was given, and the aggressor was speedily despatched. Mr G. Camplin's appetite, remarks the Yarrawonga " Mercury, " was not as good as usual that day. ATTEMPT AT MURDER.— A young man named Authur William Cook was on Friday night arrested on a charge of attempting to murder a girl named Fanny Taylor, a do- mestic servant, that evening. Accused, who is a carter in the employ of Messrs. Alston and Brown, was keeping company with the girl, whom he tried to induce to leave her employer's house, at Hotham, and on her refusing fired at her with a revolver, the bullet lodging in the door at which she was standing, a couple of inches above her head. She then rushed into the house, followed by Cook, who again fired at her, but the bullet fortunately missed its mark. The would-be murderer was seized by the girl's employer and a neighbor, who was attracted to the place on hearing the shots, but made his escape from the house, to which he returned half- an hour afterwards. A constable was then in attendance, and after a desperate struggle managed to secure Cook, who fired two more shots, one of the bullets striking a Mr. King, who had come to the constable's assistance, wounding him in the arm, but not seriously. Cook was lodged in the lock-up, and on being brought up at the City Police Court on Saturday morning was remanded until Thursday. BLUE RIBBON MISSION. — As will be seen by our advertising columns, the usual monthly meeting of the Gospel Temper- ance Blue Ribbon mission will be held this evening in the Rechabite Hall, Ford- street, Beechworth, when the report for the past year and a balance-sheet will be read. Addresses will be delivered by various gentlemen, and some solos, duets, readings and recitations will be rendered. The usual collection to defray necessary expenses will be made. A large attend- ance is hoped for. THE WANGARATTA HOSPITAL. — The monthly meeting of the committee of management of the above institution was held on Thursday evening ; there being present — The president (Mr. Langtree), the Revs. A. McDonald and H. J. Poole, Dr. Macfarlane, and Messrs. Notcutt, Tone, Chapman, Dodsworth, Ryley and Bicker- ton. The house-surgeon reported : Pre- viously under treatment, 14 in and 13 out ; new patients, 20 in, 1 out ; total treated, 34 in and 14 out ; discharged, cured or relieved, 21 in and 12 out ; remaining under treatment, 11 in and 2 out. The House Committee's report was received and adopted, and the work of re-flooring the hospital verandah, at a cost of £30, was authorised. The treasurer's report showed a balance in the bank of £438 10s. It had resolved that Mrs. Wade be re- quested to act as a member of the Ladies' Committee. Accounts amounting to £134 7s. 1d. were passed for payment. Mr. Tone reported that members of the Yarrawonga Shire Council had stated that that body was willing to contribute £30 towards the erection of a fever ward in connection with the Wangaratta Hospital. It was resolved that a letter be written to the council named, asking if the sum stated would be granted for the purpose mentioned. The matter of removing several gum-trees at present growing in the hospital grounds, at a cost not to exceed £3, was left to Mr. Tone, to have carried out. The meeting then adjourned. ACCIDENT ON A RACECOURSE. — At the Moonee Valley races on Saturday after- noon a jockey named Morrison sustained a fracture of the skull, through being thrown from the horse he was riding in the May Handiap. Mr. H. Hoysted's Ariel was also a starter for this event, with eleven others, and ran into third place. BEECHWORTH COURTS.— The Beech- worth Court of General Sessions, County Court and Court of Insolvency are ap- pointed to be held to-day, before His Honor Judge Chomley. The business of the courts will commence at the usual hour, viz., ten o'clock. The calendar for the Sessions and the County and Insol- vency Courts cause-list will be found in another column. AN UNSUCCESSFUL SEARCH.— The min- ing shaft near Sandhurst indicated by clairvoyants as containing the body of the missing man, Constable Ryan, was drained out on Saturday, but beyond a lot of empty bottles nothing was found. THE WESLEYAN JUBILEE.— The jubilee of the establishment of Wesleyan Metho- dism in Victoria was celebrated by special services in all Wesleyan churches in the colony last week. On Sunday, last, being Jubilee Sunday, in the church at Beech- worth the Rev. J. Albiston preached two excellent sermons appropriate to the oc- casion, to good congregations — in the morning from the 10th. and other verses of the 25th. chapter of Leviticus, and in the evening from the text, " The love of Christ constraineth us. " The collections at the two services amounted to £10 14s. 6d., and at the Sunday-school in the after- noon £1 18s. 6d. was subscribed by the children and teachers. The Rev. J. Albiston also conducted Divine service at Stanley in the afternoon, when the sum of £4 8s. 6d. was contributed towards the jubilee fund, which has been established " in recognition of God's goodness to the church during the past half-century. " MR. ARROWSMITH'S NEW MAP. — A most comprehensive geological map of the Rutherglen leads has just been furnished by Mr. R. Arrowsmith, mining registrar of the lndigo goldfield, and published by the Mining Department. Mr Arrowsmith has long advanced a theory that the old bed of the Murray lay somewhere between its present channel and Rutherglen, and connected with the river lower down through the lagoon now known as Lake Moode- meere. He has now skilfully elaborated his views and, adding theoretical to prac- tical knowledge, has embodied the whole in a map, which, we imagine, will be made use of in the trials which are to be made under Mr. Arrowsmith's directions with the Tiffin auger. Mr. Arrowsmith's en - thusiasm on the subject is intense, and for many years past he has been a most zealous worker in the cause of mining re- vivals, observes the " Free Press. " He is to be congratulated on being able to induce the department to lend ear to his schemes, and it is to be hoped that import- ant discoveries will reward his vast re- search. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.— There died in the Ovens Benevolent Asylum on Saturday, at the advanced age of 94 years, a man named John Williams, who was also known as John Gunter. He had been 56 years in the colonies, having arrived in New South Wales in 1830, and passed the last 40 in Victoria. Of late years the infirmities of old age and poverty compelled him to seek the refuge of the benevolent asylum ; where a long life was peacefully ended on Saturday last. THE RATEPAYERS' ROLL. — Residents within the Shire of Yackandandah are elsewhere notified that the 10th. June is the last day for paying rates and arrears, to enable ratepayers to have their names placed on the shire roll for 1886. A similar notification in respect to the Shire of North Ovens is also published. INSURANCE OFFICES.— Messrs. Gordon and Gordon elsewhere in our columns invite tenders for the erection of new buildings in Albury for the Australian Mutual Provident Society. STOCK MOVEMENTS. — 8200 ewes, the property of Bear Bros., Grong Grong station, Murrumbidgee River, crossed on Saturday morning at Wahgunyah, L. Cummins in charge, travelling to Emu Plains, Benalla. These sheep looked remarkably well, considering the route they have travelled, having been between four and five days without water between Narandera and Corowa, and feed being very scarce. RELEASED. — The three members of the Salvation Army last week committed to the Beechworth Gaol, to serve one month's imprisonment, in default of paying fines imposed upon them by the Benalla Bench for an infringement of the municipal bye- law regulating street processions, were on Monday last released from custody ; the fines and costs, amounting to over £20 ; having been subscribed by friends and sympathisers, and paid into court that day. On coming out of the prison-gates they were met by members of the Salva- tion Army at Beechworth, and in the evening attended a meeting in the barracks and delivered addresses. His Excellency the Governor refused to grant the petition to remit the penalties imposed. FOOTBALL. — A match between the Rutherglen and Border football clubs played at Rutherglen on Saturday last re- sulted in favor of the former, by one goal to nil. THE WEATHER. — Fine rain, which from the accounts that have reached us from various parts appears to have been general, commenced to fall in Beechworth on Mon- day evening, and up to an early hour this (Tuesday) morning some good showers have fallen. It is to be hoped that wet weather has now set in, as it will be a welcome change from the succession of fine, warm days, quite springlike in character, with occasional hard frosts at night, experienced during the past few weeks. THE DIAMOND DRILL.— The Ballarat East diamond drill, about which Mr. John James, the defeated Minister of Mines, had such a fierce battle, has performed good work. At about 200 feet, stone showing gold and pyrites was pierced, and the discovery is regarded as a very valu- able one. Before reaching this depth, a new and novel experience for the diamond drill was successfully negotiated, the core containing from five to six inches cut from the planking of an old drive, reports the " Herald. " It had been previously thought that the diamond drill could not perform the work of an ordinary wood auger. SUICIDE. — William Williams, a settler, who has been for 32 years in Benalla, and who landed in New South Wales in 1840, committed suicide on Saturday by taking 40 grains of strychnine. He was 60 years of age. At a magisterial inquiry held in the afternoon it was shown that deceased had been out of employment for a long time, and frequently threatened to destroy himself. He had also brooded over family troubles. The magistrate found that death was caused by poison self ad- ministered. The deceased had a family of 15, four of whom survive him. He also supported eight children of his son - in - law, Glazebrook, who is an inmate of the Blind Asylum in Melbourne. Death of the Rev. Jas. Watkin.— The Rev. Jas. Watkin, the oldest Wesleyan minister in the colonies, and father of Dr. Watkin, the principal of the Wesleyan College, Melbourne, died at his residence near Sydney on Friday evening, in the 81st year of his age and the 56th year of his ministry in the colonies. The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon. A SPLENDID YIELD. — A crushing of 108 tons of stone from the New Beehive Claim, at Maldon, has resulted in a yield of 1000 ozs. of gold. There are 13 tons more to put through to complete the current crushing. DEATH AT A BALL.— Mr. G. A. Irling, manager of the Joint Stock Bank at Macleay, New South Wales, while dancing at a ball on Friday night, dropped sud- denly dead. The cause of death was heart disease. EXTRAORDINARY MORTALITY AMONG HORSES. — The Adelaide correspondent of the " Age " states :— Portion of the intestines and brains of some of the horses which re- cently died at Birdsville, having been sent to Mr. Chalwn, the Government veterinary surgeon, that gentleman has sent a report to the chief inspector of brands. The report states that the mortality has been caused by intestinal worms, which, when examined under a powerful microscope, proved to be of a very virulent description. Mr. Chalwin found the mucus membrane portion of the stomach entirely eaten by ascaris, and thls accounts for the deaths of the animals. The brains were found to be in a nominal condition. Medicine has been forwarded to Birdsville, and the veterinary surgeon recommends that salt should be used largely. NEW LICENSES ISSUED. — R. Abraham, 14a, Buckland ; R. Arrowsmith, 20a, Chiltern West ; George Armstrong, 20a, Berringa ; Elizabeth Beasley, 20a, Harriet- ville ; F. W. Brown, 20a, Carlyle ; Joseph G. Burns, 15a, Carlyle ; Philip Barlow, 17a, Porepunkah ; Dora Barker, 18a, Chiltern West ; Thomas Coulston, 15a, Talgarno ; M. Cane, 20a, Yackandandah ; Walter Dibbin, 10a, Freeburgh ; Ah Foye, 20a, Barwidgee ; Coon Gee, 20a, Mur- mungee ; Joseph Hanna, 11a, Walwa ; John Jenkins, 17a, Porepunkah ; James Jenson, 20a, Berringa; R. Kilborn, 20a. Carlyle; William Lappin, 17a, Chiltern West ; William Matthews, 7a, Myrtleford ; John Meany, 20a, Porepunkah ; William Mitchell, 20a, Harrietville ; W. Mitchell, 20a, Berringa ; W. M. Minogue, 20a, Tangambalanga ; P. McInerney, 20a, Chiltern ; Robert Peach, 5a, Wodonga ; Richard Price, 20a, Carlyle ; Jos. Potter, 20a, Chiltern West ; Henry Schlue, 12a, Lilliput ; William J. Shugg, 20a, Yackan- dandah ; William Tetley, 20a, Kergunyah ; John Turner, 11a, Wooragee ; George Williams, 7a, Bright ; Henry Wraith, 20a, Hariietville ; A. Withers, 20a, El Dorado ; Robert Yea, 20a, Murramurrangbong ; William Ottrey, 20a, Murmungee. PECULIAR MAINTENANCE CASE.— a curious case was heard in the Central Police Court, Sydney, on Thursday. A man named Desmond was summoned by his wife for maintenance, and in the evidence it transpired that in 1874 Desmond was sentenced to death by Sir Jas. Marlin for a criminal assault on his step-daughter, which penalty was afterwards commuted to imprisonment for life. After serving twelve years he was, on petition, released on the 17th March last. He had only been out of gaol a week when his wife commenced proceedings against him. Des- mond opposed his wife's application on the ground that he was outside the jurisdiction of the court, as, having been condemned to death, he was a dead man in the eyes of the law, and he complained bitterly that his wife should come down on him when he had hardly had time to look round and get fixed, reports the " Age ." He held that he had no wife, as he was dead to the world. An order, was made for 9s. a week. GRANTS APPROVED.— Geo. Boyce, 16a 3r. 35p., Wooragee North ; Joseph William- son, 16a. 3r. 22p., Whorouly ; Thos, Morris, 3a. 2r. 22p., Bright. LICENSE APPROVED.— Jeanette Cullen, 170a, Rutherglen. DEATH OF AN OLD TUNGAMAH RESIDENT, — James Buchan, an old resident of Tungamah, was found dead in his hut on Thursday. Some time ago he met with an accident from the falling of a tree, which broke both of his legs below the knee. He was taken to the Wangaratta Hospital and there treated. He afterwards came to Tungamah in a helpless condition, and had to depend mainly on the kindness of Mr. Vagg, who, at the back of his business premises, gave him a hut in which to live ; and also supplied him with the necessaries of life, states the Moira " Independent. " The old man was missed for the past few days, and Mr. Vagg sent one of his clerks to see if anything was wrong. The door of the hut was found locked, and some force had to be used to open it. Buchan was seen lying on the bed, his head hanging towards the ground.: He was dead. How long it was since death occurred is unknown. A post mortem examination was held by Dr Amess, and his evidence was reserved for an inquiry. QUICK TELEGRAPHY— Mr. E. Squire, Deputy-Superintendent of Telegraph's, in South Australia, states that an instance of quick telegraphy occurred on Friday. He despatched a message to London at 11. 21 a.m., and received a reply at 3. 34 p.m. TAKING IT BACK.— A lady passenger by one of the West Highland steamers had unintentionally been annoying the man at the wheel by asking questions. At last he so far forgot himself as to tell her to " Go to Jericho. " The lady was greatly shocked and insulted, complained to the captain, and insisted on an apology from the man. The captain politely promised to see to it. Having called the steersman, he told him that he must go to the cabin where she was and make an apology. The man was not convinced of his offence, but knew that he must obey orders, and so went off rather sulkily towards the cabin. Having reached the door, he stood there till the attention of the lady was directed to him, when he called out to her, " You need not go, " then turned and went on deck. BARONET AND EXECUTIONER. — Sir Claude C. De Crespigny, of Heybridge, near Maldon, admits that he was the " well known baronet " who acted as Berry's assistant at the triple execution of the Netherby Hall burglars on the 8th March. Sir Claude said he could not order a man to do what he was afraid of doing himself, and as he might be sheriff of Essex some day he should like to be able to undertake an execution if Berry should be engaged elsewhere. He said, in the course of the interview, that he pinioned Baker on the morning of the execution while Berry per- formed the same operation upon Martin and Rudge. One of his principal reasons for going to the prison on the Saturday before the execution was to make any suggestion which might in any way pre- vent " bungling. " Berry did not examine Barker after he (Sir Claude) had pinioned him. He considers Berry a most plucky man, and although he has been frequently threatened he pays little heed of the warnings he receives. During his life in India Sir Claude saw many executions, but he considers that they are not con- ducted with half the care which is shown in England. This is the second execution Sir Claude has attended, his former ex- perience being at the hanging of James Lee at Chelmsford for the Romford mur- der. Upon being asked whether he felt at all upset at the executions, Sir Claude replied, " Very little indeed. " GROUND RENTS IN ENGLAND. — Mr. Saunders's motion on the taxation of ground rents, which was recently discussed in the House of Commons, will no doubt bring into prominence (says the London correspondent of the Manchester " Guar- dian, ") the enormous figures of the ground rentals of the great dukes and others in London. It is assumed that the present ground rents of the Duke of Westminster in London are £150,000 per annum as a minimum, with a reversion to an income of £1,500,000 a year ; that the Duke of Bedford's in possession are at least £100,000 a year, with a reversion to £750,000; while the Duke, of Portland's are estimated at £80,000 a year to- day, with a reversion to £700,000. It is believed that Lord Portman has over £60,000 a year in possession, rising as the leases expire to £350,000. THE HEIGHT OF LUXURY.— A Parisian millionaire has recently had made for him a wonderful bed, which is certainly one of the most luxurious pieces of furniture yet heard of. If only it could become uni- versal, what a boon it would be to early risers ! The description makes one envy the fortunate possessor. The bed itself is a model of comfort ; and the following devices have been adopted to render rising from it as little unpleasant as possible. When it is time to get up, a chime of bells ring. The occupant con- tinues to sleep. Suddenly a candle is lit by a mechanical arrangement. The sleeper rubs his eyes, and an invisible hand pro- ceeds to divest, him of his nightcap. By means of electricity a spirit lamp with coffee-roasting apparatus affixed next begins to burn. The water soon boils and the smell of coffee fills the room with a delicious fragrance. Luxuriously revelling in a crowd of agreeable sensations, the occupant, now just beginning to awake, is soothed by sounds proceeding from a costly musical-box. At length the bells ring out another merry peal, and at the foot of the bed a card with " Levez vous " (" Get up ") inscribed on it appears. If this invitation is without effect a powerful mechanism lifts the occupant bodily from his bed and deposits him on the floor. A RING IN A BISCUIT. — A corres- pondent of the " Herald " relates the fol- lowing : — " About three weeks ago my sister purchased a pound of rice biscuits for the purpose of feeding her infant. My niece being on a visit the same day, and in her company, begged a biscuit, for the purpose of feeding her own infant, a child of two months. The mother prepared the biscuit in the usual way, breaking it up in a saucer with a spoon with hot water with out discovering any hard substance therein.. The mother then proceeded to feed the babe with the spoon, when suddenly, to her amazement, the child showed signs of choking. The mother and all present became very much alarmed, and just as the infant was on the point of choking they succeeding in removing from the little one's throat a small gold split ring, such as might be used on a watch-chain, and which must have become embedded in the biscuit during its manufacture. Naturally the anxiety of all present was greatly re- lieved when the little one came to. This little incident proves that mothers cannot be too cautions in preparing the food for their little ones. " DECENTRALISATION — Writing on the subject of decentralisation, the " Geelong Times " says :— " Unfortunately, instead of taking a wide and statesmanlike view of the question, the ' decentralisers ' have facilitated a mere scramble for the public money, and narrowed down their demands to the establishment of local railway work- shops, the building of public offices, and increased subsidies to the various charitable and public institutions in their several districts. They will not or perhaps cannot understand that all they want can be se- cured by an extension of the principle of local self-government and the assimilation of the powers and functions of the muni- cipal and shire councils to those of the county boards in the old country. ' THE HEAVENS SEEMED TO OPEN. — At Montreal, about midnight on Saturday, 13th. February, a most remarkable pheno- menon was witnessed in the heavens. It appeared in the western horizon and rose to the north 79deg., where it assumed the spectacle of the heavens opening and shoot- ing forth a stream of livid rose-colored light. The Catholic population of the city were awe-stricken, thinking the last day had come, and kneeling on the street they prayed for salvation from their sins. Young men and boys stood with un- covered heads on the streets looking at the most marvellous scene ever noticed in a lifetime. Sergeant Moran and Detec- tive St.Pierre were arresting a prisoner at the time, when the astonishing dis- play from the heavens paralysed them for the moment, and they, both knelt and returned thanks to heaven for their preser- vation. Two Catholics thought it was the day of judgment, and Professor M'Leod of the M'Gill University, states that this was the most remarkable phenomenon he had ever witnessed. ==================================== 