THE ORIGIN OF THE VANDERBILT WEALTH. (Vanity Fair.) Among the many notices of the deceased railway king, W. H. Vanderbilt, I have not seen any reference to the real origin of the family wealth. Mr. Vanderbilt father was, as everybody knows, Cornelius, the so-called Commodore. Now, the commodore was the son of a hard working: man, who ran a small ferry boat across the Hudson river. When Cornelius's father died, the business was continued by the widow, who took on Cornelius as .' deck hand" to work the boat and look after the times. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing ; so that, having seen accumulated enough to buy or hire a small boat of his own, he started an opposition ferry to his mother's. The old lady bought him off, and then Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established ferry routes, being bought off by each in succession with much profit to himself. He continued this game until he had accumulated enough money to buy a big steamer, which he then started in opposition to a Boston company. Bought off there he attacked another line, and so on until he had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then he sold out of steamers and "went for" railways. It is with reference to this trait in the commodore's character-his mania for opposition, and his liking for being bought off-that the story is told of him and other two millionaires on the shady banks of Styx. Astor, A. T. Stewart, and the commodore all died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudging through the gloom to -Styx, found some one sitting on the bank. As he got nearer, " Snakes," said he, " if that ain't Astor ! "Why, After, what on earth are you sittin' there for?" "Oh," replied Astor," that old cuss, Charon, there, he wants to charge me five dollars to put me across. I offered him three, but he wouldn't trade, and I'm darned if I'll give him more !" " Well," said Stewart, * let's hail the old cuss and offer him five dollars for the two-joint venture." So they hailed Charon, who demanded five dollars a head. This made A>tor furious, and Stewart despondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. " I have it," he cried ; " when I left up there, old Vanderbilt was just nigh croaking.' I tell you what we'll do ; we'll just wait till he comes along. He'll start an opposition boat, and we'll get over for a dollar a head I" (Left sitting ). The dovecote of the Jardin d'Acclimatation in Paris contains a pigeon which was sent out of Paris in one of the balloons used during the siege of 1870, and which fell into the hands of the Germans. The pigeon in question was sent by Prince Frederick Charles to his mother, the Princess Charlotte, who kept it for two years, at the end of which period it made its escape and returned to its dovecote in the suburbs of Paris. Its owner afterwards presented it to the Jardin d'Ao clamation. The dovecote, which is a handsome erection of four storeys, has room for 400 pair of pigeons. The top of the dovecote is reserved for pigeons which have been born there, and which are being trained to carry messages. The training begins when they are three or four months old, and lasts for about three years in many cases a carrier pigeon which has been well trained being able, when three and a half years old, to travel 1,200 miles or more at the rate of forty miles a day. Masters of vessels approaching the coast of Tripoli are warned to beware of an erratic torpedo which has lately broken away from its moorings, and is supposed to be wander- ing wildly over the waters of the Mediterranean. It appears the Tripoli Government, in mortal terror of an Italian invasion, has had its coast guarded by 18,000 men, and that substantial fortifications have been erected, while in the harbour a chain of tore pedoes was put down. During the recent storms two of these went adrift. One was wrecked on the coast, and the other is still missing. Vessels nearing the port are accordingly signalled to apprise them of the peculiar risk they run in those latitudes. One of the latest discoveries at Rome is the identification of the catacomb at St. Felicitas. On the right of the Via Salaria, in little way outside the gate, and close to the Villa Albani, which tradition had always - pointed to as the site, the stops and several galleries of a catacomb have been excavated. A fresco has been found in a bad state of preservation, dating from the seventh century. There can be traced Christ and several other persons with a nimbus, including one woman. By the side of two of the persons can be read the words MARTIN and PPDB, the remains of the names St. Martial and St. Philip, two of the seven martyred sons of St. Felicitas. Some years ago an inscription of the fourth century was found in the same neighbourhood, with the words AT BANCTA FEL. 