Snakes. ? BY FBEDIRICK BOYLE, F.B.G S. Once on a time, in wandering round Juan about del the Norte, earth, I on found the Mosqoito myself fttSan It is not every schoolboy who can Shore. you the latitude and longitude of give geographical expression, but men that middle age will vaguely remember the of name np somehow of San Joan with del the Norte bombardment as mixed the of Greytown, vagaries the of protectorate Filibuster Walker, of Mosquito, insolence of Captain HollinB, U.S.N., the other matters that caused a stir twentyfive years and greenest little ago. town San of all Jnan the del world. Norte Its is streets you strike are water paved at with a foot short, down. damp Palm_ tarf trees knew shadow it, each its alternate market place. house When was an I "hotel," barn behind shingle-built, to accommodate with the a long monthly crewd of bi- By the C.A.T. (Californian Transit passengers." M Transit) Company, the little place Acoessory and had its being; but that speculative lived enterprise iB now long dead, and San Jna i end B probably was visible, buried and with pani«.ruled it. Already inta the down, mittently «'failed in myday, to connect and m aH way Sed divided counsels. The I be parutTpanfcl parucuiar pani found reigning was so serious t not a few , officials of the lower clasB had : f n rich YIt is t not^my^intentionai T n T m f Zxnis ^ mom ^ ^ ^ enlarge oni the auriferous qualitieBlot , Mosquito Shore, but * Ji bTtrue^n tne stones, the main one fact, of which and the 1.know tfhe"there to betoe is no i 3T mmn«r to preserve narrators ^ pbSogy far and manner of the narratore. so iar M propnety will permit : but I despair ofteni humour r ^ without r f a sin ^ againw ^ ^ awuruu^ Z Lettbereader^derB^d rougn sou »[«h»hm» ^ore, tt which so amused ana t a r e * LNIEREEWU Yankee his "soft of Dutch skin," family, named named Beasley| Vansten a by and birth, a storekeeper bnt extravagantly of Greytown, Yankeeised English named xrazer. We we rin ran ub up the xue coast coa« in canoes as far as the Eiolndio whichm ^M^Tw SoseS, S d« X J aB pyttn' the camp sSch" wa 1 t h e M o 8 q a i t o C o w t h M 8 r "That's 0 f fo, nigh the biggest inBec' ever H seel" said Beasley, funding over the I bodv his middle "It inside; must be wants ollfired a window dark about I should guess." there spitting " Do on you the say carcase. to f" " Why, drawled they Vans me that out Massoorah-way the snakes tel soVijTthelr heTd's and tails* sometimes 'fai ' . t- _». I iJL. t0Ss S^t^kelred a laugh; but n caEd on Mi«Jmri.n r X o conld T e re Dlv l W Frazer caiieo on "' , . ^ UB I IU e it «J The BDak^ doubled over, «trftrhed jl t h e whence the big jaws 8m0ke gaped of down our at fire we S round after us a sufper. we Bat rouna PF . Some .. one observed off pretty that" easy in a man's them nippers." hand would come it " would Guess so it I would But I've 1" said seen Frazer; China westward towards etarnity—whipsnakes, snakes, from ulars, sangres, rattlesnakes, an' all rocksnakes, other devils: corals, I've Been but one pythons snake an' I never boas in yet tens see, an' an' hundred the one as would go aside to hurt a that's cretur'. I don't eay other folks haven't hum travels sot eyes been on him, very but free!" I never did, an* m " You're in the rightranche, sir I" said Beasley. to " know Mr Boyle whether here," any says of us, Frazer, as was " want in the woods, an' suckled on tree juice, born ever knew a python to attack a man." instance to the contrary, nor have I ever heard " Wal, one boys," told on began fair jungle the big authority." " I'll tell you a right-downscare Missourian these snakeB—worms, we call 'em—gave one of me of the down rains, by two Leon. yeara It was ago. just I was at the riding end \- - • 3n from Granada to Realejo, on Transit I business. An old Greaser was in company anything, with me, ' an nor ollfired drank • a sort, * drop, who nor never • slept — any ate — way fair an' comfortable. in reason, likewise A man sleep, who don't will drink ; neve That is° n raMnnnor noHn a gewral act fair ^a^ and I manlv. though there's exceptions to all things, tSe it; except (Let a me six-inch here bowie." planation. " Greaser," interpolate a word a needful frequently ex need infra, is applied by Americans and foreign, returnsthe to compliment the Creole with population, muho, whic u» or u •?Wal within a league or two of , San • Jorge, the bnsh thickens up, an'at that time may swear. of the Such year as it it was was, high-piled, the track yo clear enough, but the mud of the rains w had Lawrence crackled in a it thaw. np like There ice were on the welts St. « and he riftsin sot step it in as them would ; an' break tbe a naked man's tree leg trunks h«n«rine banging stood with np dry all mud. along, Man plastered don't iman' prove way, a most Greaser things don't. in thiB Eh 1 country—any- that crackled mud-track, an* To then look to alon throw of the an bush, eye made over the » man leaves a'most an' doubt flowe whe°herthiB creation wis meant jUB t fo U w u him to play his games in, ' dawn, "We'd an travelled a mile or two before heard a wildish the sun was bnt just np when 1 I stopped, of course, sort of to a see cry what in the might bush be only going a calf ; but crying, your an' Greaser, we'd he best said get 'twer I said, 'That ain't no calf, yer fool 1- on. on with yer, if yer like, an' save yer dune G yeller might skin be, an' 1' So went he bowed off. I as hitched perlite my as there, baiter in I^eot the through middle to of that a little was tiny a sight clearing, as wou an have made S took suddintly. yer grandmother talk indelicate I eee. " It was There a pretty was a little lot 0' clearing, mountain as palms eve I SB never they call see 'em 'em, growin' round tbe edge on monntainB, ~ * ~ .... bnt \--- that's nothing, I s'pose. Gness it's the prettiest 'j stick that springs, that mountain palm. Underneath, on the ground, an' climbing tbe tree-trunks, was a tangle of bine convolvulus, a big sight more gorgeonB than •yer beat vines there, floorcarpeto.There speckled over with was trailing fiowers : an' there was purple crimson flowersan' lillies l: «* «... there was Kwt.lmnul purple lillies, ninnalu. an' big soft feroa, an' red-leaved pinuelas. ^bonder 1 what almighty foil tbtt U There's by Leon! hundreds We're bound of men to as have good it, Birl William Walker now hanging round San «B Francisco raise the flagagin, an' New Orleans. let 'em Let call on tbem Western men agin, an' we'll ask no help UB to as it take were this once. land, ' A an' J, make eirj Inepiteof an .Eden of ~ - — - "' a in raise spite here of such Europe a monument an' Yankeedom, to William we'll Walker ibrone on as 'arth., shall overshade Western men'll the highest The East may ^torri np.\be yeller do of it! eyes, an' gas of human right,bnt the its West Walker goes was forth no filibuster;he in name of right was divine Avenger ao' a Becreator in God's "band an tlie Well; nevermind, Walker," I laughed; J 1 get " Naow," on with says the Vansten, story." so onkind to bim. It was. " don't a downrigh you be of fine my bust late up grandmother's that I Reminds style me on most " Inde^ pendence Day. Get along for Pik6 ' County, an'never you sweat for British ignorance." now "Ah! an guess again. everyone You see, likes sir," big Beasley talk n said to me, 1 loved him. I " volunteered I knew Walker on the well, Sonora an' , raid; raw, \----- —• an' I VasfiraV on the list for Nic thfy shot bim! A* an'I Itaw was the at Trujillo last of the when s J j^V^n, to talk of that busine old before x an EngKsbman, cowardlv but BO if ever so All mea ri an act, «^cowardtfBO g ^ ' ^ S i e of^the glade was a sn^fSf t^nl^e frt long, coiled g mJSmM every spasm of the Birain. I xc c6nldeee i the P mnscles lengthen I ^ as lightning crushing^tbe ^ ^fesh coi, 8 wrapped ab in P F 0 nt the id b ^ an, o n e a b o v e tX say, at His the head poor w'as thing's pecking, neck, an'every as I migh f 6 ^e calf wasn drew rorin a ]ei or o tongu quivti h with each twisting of coald fhe bear colls, f ^ V h ^ that was A —,. T c.x.7 « oronrlnr »m -jss^«=i .leekine MB bloodv throat among <tl r s ; worth j places a in good New 'pinch' York. at I ttw weren Zological eternal fool as to take shots at the t snob for I knew a blowo' that long tail woul cretu bast in a man's brain-box like cracking j hwkonw, ff*^1^ & waging Ightsightof and waving the Cseend like a kitten's of the when tail g did tate it th«t slick 'ere A slice loose of end my I-Thunder machete annpu I 1 tated ] daughter two foot at visitation six as clean 1 as a minister ten, eternal I ""Wal! tell quick you an' ! ; then, The but the rattle ye snake know, an' were I crashing quicke eloped l behind I marble me stattoo was loud ; an' enough before to I'd scare got a yard8 through the th buBh, I knew it were o ^y I tore tS° along Leat through He. en the how thorns I swot! pinuelas, leaving flesh^nevery bush j an' bu w e r e SheTiild n' t n o UBe w°orm an'I glided knew after that me well, sure w eath, making two yards to my one. I a s roaring swear like to you, boys, I heerd it enorting a Btinking breath wounded blew cold grizzly, through an' my its in back. a few I knew't seconds were the scare no use passed running, off— an were to front downright the varmin. bad at But first—an' when I turned not three feet from me, I turned to saw run agin, , alive'. an' Its I'm throat aBhamed was bent to own up in it an to unde no m n great curve to the level of my waist, an' the clotted white with thick mouth blood. was all Behind agape, it was an' y whirl of leaveB in the midst shone an' dust two big an' eyes, branches, mad an' spite, glaring into mine. Such eyes— w great burn an' God—such stare with eyes a firefrom 1 They seemed inside, to the clear cover over them looked white a ' snd If thev filmy,like would horn. but blink, I mind those me awful thinking eye j squirrel charmed by the rattler.—At St Louis once, I see a madman chained, w bad recollect just much that look.—Ah more. There I An' waB then a I crash don't an' my a nostrils—a wild rush—a pressure reeking like death stench wrapped filled blow in my upon throat my an' head—then, chest-I felt 1 suppose, blow aft . - _ 1 swounded with suffocation an LOBB OF! I blood. •< it It was was mat that oia old Greaser saved me. He r guessed back to something see. A good was old wrong, fellow an he cam w 1 but so durned perlite! The snake gave let him me a go likely ; but blow he cut with, right its an tail left before wit - bis machete, an' the cretur' slunk off a fcalp last. I bad three ribs broken, my face eft wm bitten factored to ribbons, m two as you places. see, The an oss of his tail to' bear on' saved but 't boy were B . aQ. a j don, durned t know close as thing ever I that felt more time, kindly to any man than 1 did to that o Greaser. Though he were perlite-he u s were " But I narrative ; I'd that near shake forgotten went back the p'int and of at biscalf-by "Naow, that's the Etarnal a pretty he hkely did boys!" story,' „ sneered against ^Vansten. Pike County ? Is If anybody so, let him agoin p hu dictionary words an cast a lo mental glance over the | Police Gazette There's g first.clasa superior fictionin adventure the accident an' right-dow colum exclaimed, " Beasley's story is true enough," Frazer Donbie rs Dutch! " an' Tell yon knew yer what that it well, r new I Hombre.if and superior your windhole interior is before not fixedwit Greytown agin,. I shall be gashly we sur-1 sigh prised. Indio, mind Colonel yer. Bowie Naow, is king I'll tell on the yer Bio . I a | story so scarin' myself, as Mister Pike County'B, Boyle, as but ain't pretty quite rising «It was to the ont sjstem. et Eaut-away. We'd run over from ollfired Singapore desolation Sir to James Sarawack, Brooke, which Bart. I has changed from a free an' enlightened or Now, may any that well-wooded ha' ' I Rajah Brooke's^ingdom is called Sarawa ld by the natives ? t ,, . 1 No «r. The do wn-trodden heathen ca 8 a r t t w a h b n t t h a t 8 » * ! nothing. I creek " We of were Maritabds, loading which ship-timber might prove in t I . ba'n't I good no location other resources, for mosquito- culture, b BO be Company were so ollfired fnr slow as I in kno sending the country down freely lumber, in wailing that we forit. prospected other travels, I got to the Santubong Amon a month day of or the two Sarawack there shooting River, an' wild passed | which air frequent about that coast pigs, an* 1 were wandering one day along the W the mountain, me, an' Harding, the mate, as' a kind 0' mad »qu»tt«r I found there I wbo nuts, was an' cons'quint crowing a dung-beetles. big thing in cocoaour boatmen wna with us too, a good One o Sulumen sort, named S'Ali, one of them wild thrive in who face live c' the on Ten general Commandments plunder, an it, "We were travelling through 'Caml, dlear J pong' wood, jangle, where as there they aint call much it there—o nor aught else but tree-trunks. TbeyTO game powerful pretty, as yoa say, Beasley, these woods they're right-down of Mosquito gay and an' happy-looking with Itheir flowers, an' San Juan; an' batterffieB, an' living creatures. painted birdB, . there's a something about tbem Eastern Bnt forestB which we can't hoe The against nohow. trees taller ,- an' there their are bigger in girth an' great the sun, that'twixttimean' branches etarnity so shut nought ou has ever lived beneath 'em. Hundreds of y yards round, you may throw yer eyedo leaf long nor dim a avenooB green thing of tree-trunks, in sight, an' unless, not orchid, maybe, or a ruff a pile of of fern, monkey-cups or a long growing trailing Bide man by might side go like mad tea-cups easy in on them.' a tray. Campongs,' A lonely to I should go through gness! them It's by rigbt-down a-| an' the Lo'rd have care and yourself mercy on; if them, yer neither lose the bird, trail. nor No beast, cretur'lives nor repti in ss There is never a sound to be heard. n ht,like party goes a dim silently procession along of Indian ghosts fashio win trees. Just the crackling of stick in the oozy black soil underfoot makes one etart lfs a right-dow around « Wal, without sir ! that any day thought we were of game, cruisin which at night. is only A little to be bowie got near an' a sundown was all the weapons we had with jack-kni quatter was heading to the Company's us. T p Jumbals, up in this likely which location. had just We been was thro fix the traversed, little corner an' was of skirting Campong a line to of be ne like jungle, a wall ^her. of the green, undergrowth an' where shot every up inchofroadway " The squatter 'must was be a lazy cut sort, before except yo. for a soft place. £ Suddenly I pulled him i x s u z j s i j r J L s t : the thick jungle, which bung down like a an r', mat. I 'Twas A rum-looking juBt the very log longest that were, size boys to have an end at all, as can be match of py in this creation. I were not BO man then, an'at firstsight I did old take a wood cietur' to a finespecimen of log-timber the , I hanging, I — did ^ so. His sk& on was dvin, all wrinkled trunk: an the black like an' bark grey on scales, a dying nigh trunk; as big an as a my palm, looked just as moss might on s - rotten him, an' tree. talking We in stood whispers. still, staring at five | Damme!'mutters foot girt if he's the a hinch, squatter, an' hungry 'he's that. not lie Look still much at the longer bags of 1" his skin : he'l , Harding; A forty-footer, ' an' that count I would guess,' leave says a n ree o fair tail. margin for emergency in the m in - your Now, indomitable what's the soul idee ?" predominating t the squatter^ 'Shall we track whispers off, or I to waken this large-sized reptile ?' sh s hany «' one's,' Guess says this territory be; 'an' air if mine, earpmts, if. i on an' mv which around, is a beaet ahmterfenn.r as don't eat beetles, mv cocoa-nuts my ground, an' my ahinterfering British liberty, with which my 't ' downright, has subsisted sing'lar through protection etarnity of Heving— by the or I say I've a rightto execute thut sarpint— t " moreBO. I thought that old beetle-catcher was -1 | n I moment mad when I knew first it, I see him, an' at I whispered. "' How air you goin' to execute him ? strongest I "' Wal,' he said, ' I'm the tallest an th your of this party, an' I shall take the cretur's boatman's body, parang, an' run give away one as chop fast a n' that,' my extr'or'nary agility will permit. Arter track said he,' we'll come with the dogs , I didn't the blood, half like an' shoot it, I him.' tell you ; bnt : Harding chuckled up like a charity-boy o | S'Ali, away, who an' beckoned was standing bim about up : twenty ' Give fe m your fixed | parang,' whispers he, with his eyes stirred. on the snake. But the nigger nev Give me your parang, darn yer," er muttered the Equatter ; but devil a bit did he move. green " We an' all yellow turned. in The dull Malay's patches, face an' the wa sweat as we Btood stood out looking, shiningly his all eyes over suddenly it; an' e slowly began ere, to from roll, the an' sheath he drew ; the then heavy the black paran it of his held | flashedout eyes the end the like parang again, went a Dutchman straight quick up -der in as handling front, thought. the lids, a shakingH His lips parted, an' tbe foam, red-staine bowi my an ttseth. with penang, I thought gathered the about his ebony , - nigger , t was going intcja fit,an' turned towards the squatter - I ld with face my was month so gray open an^se^with speak ; fear, but J I t with ' was a strucken trembling dumb. — hand. He ' Come clutched on, com me e the no away other !' he peril, whispered Harding hoarsely. an' I, but We that knew enake lying quietly at our feet; but the b old man wasBO gashly scared, that we on turned without a word, an' followed him ok the back track. Once Harding trod on a dry stick, which Bnapped the silence—such a face the sharply old man in tnrned onUB ! hind. ." n " About S'Ali fiftyyards was standing away, with I looked his baok be- to seeming us, slowly to pant waving and shake tbe all parang, a I denly bis feet moved, an' over. he Sud- t | dance backwards an forwards, with bega arm ouBtretched, I Thunder 1 an' it was humming about as a funny low song, as one could wish to behold, if we'd a onl sc had But a when six shooter the old or squatter a rifleamong heard that ns. song, an instant he glanced took to behind, his an' heels, in I ' Amok, give to amok!' our breathless was all questions, tbe answer an' he'd | needed no more to make nB show ou w ' very extr'or'nary point of agility.' running 8'Ali amuck wag when on the took alarm, an' left him. we " Yes, it was fear that drove him mad ck | pore, an' his next master bad my v primest sympathy." " Did you ever again meet an ' amok'? I e asked. tell a " Yes, sir! I did so. And maybe IH w. story, t yon you that may some swear. day. It were a likely Association The Central has Committee met once of the more, Farmers explained to tbe indignant protesting and branches, meeting were that led the delegates away by the at the eloquence annua ofCopIev 1 ye tears and I) to Brock pass (the a motion eloquence, favoring oh foot o' taction «nd the Government t was «u all a fluke, a mistake, sod tbe Association ii m Frwtrads m «m. 