Iftovdist. THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. By G-ROSVENOR BUNSTER. . • CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). " Of coarse I do, 1 he retorted, jeeringly. •« Think I don't know yen, sir, hey ? Better believe I do 1 What i Wonld yer ?" With, this he raised his left hand to ward off the blow he sfyonght I was about to strike him. I. countered, and hit him under his jaw with astrength that fairly lifted bimofi the ground, only to deposit him on his back npon the gravelled pathway. My father, among other matters, had taught ma boxing, and in my coarse through life I have foand it a very useful accomplishment. ' However, -this heavy youth was no car. He got up, and " shaped" in a clumsy sort of fashion, but with such energy that he split his tight fittingjacket up the Jjack. He was no match for me, eo that in the course of five minutes I had given him a beautiful pair of black eyes and a tap upon his snub nose, which did him more good in the direction of phlebotomy than any surgeon's skill could' hays accomplished with lancet or capping ««That's enough," said he, dolefully, ps the blood streamed fromhis nose. "My. word! here's a precious shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. Oh, no," rather not J~ And won't ttott get-pison. I shouldn't say so.. Well. And my jacket basted. Good-bye, Barnaby, -triy boy. You're" to let. Tenders invited; 'Cos why? You're as good as sacked. Lemons! there's the missus," with which-he slunk into the shadow of the wall. But not before the lynx "eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory manner, and he obeyed. A shout of laughter rang from my lips as I beheld him shuffling towards the good lady; his unwholesome^ pasty looking face besmeared with blood, his jacket split from "stem to stern," his long and crooked legs at last,a foot too far through his trousers. He looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court o! hia kind. . To say that horror and indignation were alternately reflected on my aunt's ; countenance is to say nothing. The imprespion which her looks, her attitude, her fixedstare at Bamaby conveyed to me, was, that she was in evident doubt as to whether she was not the victim of some optical illusion; Doubtless, ehe considered whether it was really possible that any person could have io outraged 13ie sacred character of her domain ad to strike one of her servants. Slowly, hex gaze turned from Bsrnaby's battered_face to mine. It was smiling and genial. I approached, doffed my cap, and bowocl to the lady. " I am distressed, Madam," said I, " that owing to your servant's insolence, I have been compelled to chastise him." " Then you—you, sir, have been guilty of this outrage?" I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, accompanied by a dark, fat, heavy-Iookingjjentleman in clerical garb, joined my aunt on the balcony. "What is the.matter, my dear Ellen?' said the heavy cleric, whom I at once identified as the Rev. Mr. Porter. "MatterI" exclaimed the lady. "Matter enough. A precious youth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Bamaby." My father did so, and burst into a fitof laughter. Nor was the Reverend Mr. Porter unimpressed by the ludicrous aspect of his page, who, t in good trath, looked, .with his swollen ,eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapidated garments, very much like a defeated and demoralised dunghill rooster. To say that the lady was disgueted is to say little. She cast an indignant glance at her husband, and then, muttering some remark under her breath, stalked away. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his face, and I joined my father. " Well, master Jack," said he—" this sort of thing won't do. Yon are already in sad disgrace with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, the fellow was most insolent. He called me a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thief." " Then;" interrupted the reverendMr. Porter with emphasis "I cannot blame you; Yon served him right. The fast is, my wife spoils' that lout, and between ourselves, I'm not sorry that master scapegrace here, has taught him a lesson. There goes the luneheoh bell." With this, he led the way, while my father pinching my ear, whispered to me that he was not angry, but) on the contrary pleased by the spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all I cared for, I sat down to luncheon in a very happy frame of mind. . With my usual audacity I joined readily id the conversation which was somewhat slowly oarried on by the seniors at the table* I addressed myself to my cousins with easy familiarity; and was in «o sense deterred from thiB course by the efiorts they made to check me. My aunt preserved the most frigid demeanour towards me. This however, I did not affect to notice. Indeed, it afforded me some pleasure to ignore her contemptuous bearing towards me. and to take every opportunity of addressing myself to her ; in this I was encouraged hj observing that my father took the cue, and enjoyed the mischief. "Why do you call that grave yard a garden, aunt ?" said I as I trifled with the leg of a chicken. Mrs Porter stared; my lather grinned, the good Mr Porter looked frightened, and the girls glanced appre bensively at their mother The High Church butler however, turned aside to hide a smile. My tactics ware evidently to his taste. " I call it a garden, little boy, because it is a garden 1 ' at length answered my aunt.. X laughed. " A garden 1" I echoed. " I counted seven daisies, all of which were in articulo mortis, debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or so of demoralised looking wall-flowers. Agarden, aunt I" " You are impertinent, little boy," said my aunt with some irritation. " I presume that we may expect to find ourselves and our whole surroundings subject to your criticism. " Nay," I answered depreoatingly, " I did not mean to offend you aunt. I was about to propose that you should permit me to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little or no Bun reaches it, I do not doubt that I could make it bloom." "Come now," cried the good Mr Porter; " that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." " A sprat to catch a mackerel* grumbled the lady. "We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault npon my page." "I was jealous of his favor with yon aunt." I answered demurely. She could not help joining with the* others in the laugh which followed; and in this humor left at!. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinckle. If we reach the school by four o'clock we shall findhim disengaged. This we did. Having seen the Cathedral and listened to Or Porter's dissertation thereon, we repaired to Dr Wrinokle, whom wt found a meek and crushed out sort of little gentleman with a kindly face and nervous manner— one of those men who, having married a stronger nature, at ones yield up all personality into her hands. " My boy," said my father," it strikes mrthat the grey mare is the better horse. At the same time, there is no question which is the more worthy. I like the Doctor. He comes with as to-night." CHAPTER V. A LITTLE DINNTIR. The two gentlemen now accompanied us for a walk through the principal streets of the town, in the course of which we were introduced to several other clerical gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the Reverend Doctor Porter or the Reverend Doctor Wrinokle. Any body who may have resided in a -Cathedral town in England will remember these types, and will, I am sure, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description of these representatives- Clerical life in. such towns has been ably dealt with by the late Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic o? English life, and is seen nowhere else than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism and dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save in the Church of. England. The parsons of this church may be prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their political opinions, bat they are essentially gentlemen. At least this is my conclusion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The doctors too, accompanied us to the Guild Hall, oyer which ancient building we were shown by the Town Clerk, a gentlerran by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And .presently we returned to Dr. Porter's -residence, where we partook of some slight refreshment, and where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the -page,,had been put to bed, and that -leeches had been'applied to his swollen optics. " Whioh I will say, sic," remarked th<bntler " they are orf ul. The ladies in th< kitchen, sir, are delighted. For if ever therwas a pap as needed kickin', that there Bar baby's one. But sir, bless yer, 'tis as'inucb as oar places is worth to say a word agirhim; Missus is so took up with th^ h⪤ himp." It will be seen by the reader that I had created/; some interest in the minds of thosr with whom I had come into 'contact. Anr* this was what I desired. I could never bear to remain in the background. My policy bar ever been to push myself to the front, as T believe I shall show in the coarse of thir narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for the present, Dr. Wrinckle and my father and myself lefi the house, and walked down the high street. Here the Doctor parted with us. "You will be prompt to half-past six Dootor ?" said my father. " Remember, nr apology can excuse a man who keeps a dinner waiting." "True, true. I shall be there to th r mintite, Captain," and then the little mar walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. " A decent little gentleman, Jack," said my father. "What a pity one cannot say much of the gentlewoman, his wife." " She is an ogre," I cried, " And did yon see her moustache, sir?" "Faith I did, Jack; there was no need for a microscope to do that." Than he rar>c th<? ben, and summoned the landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was the very type of an English boniface of olden days. His countenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He waB stout and hearty, and red of face, and of husky voice. He looked as though he had been suckled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from his very advent into this, world. He listened to my father's instructions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. Wrinckle—an excellent and most learned gentleman—yourself, sir, and your son. At half-past six o'clock. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourishhe left us in order to personally superintend the preperation of the feast. At six o'clock precisely came the doctor, scrupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a mummy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he conveyed the impression that he had been let off his ohain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puokered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar circumstances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker announced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work of art. ~ A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then came clear soup, followed by some delicious soles fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Ahaunch of Welch mutton came next with a couple .of tasty entrees. Some snipe served on toast, some capital sweets, to which, with a youngster's palate for such matters, I paid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what the Dootor thought of the matter, but I certainly judged from the expression of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the. domestic economy of his household explained to me that our little dinner must have been a revelation to him. * " Well" said the Doctor, as he sat back in his chair, and surreptitiously loosened three buttons of his waistcoat. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hospitality is overpowering." " Ah," said the Doctor, smacking his lips. " an excellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. He I he 1 He was an emphatic personage truly." " We should have heard but little of him, Doctor," said my father, " had it not been for his toady, Boswell." " Positively you are correct," returned the Doctor, as he drank off another bumper. "Boswell's tittle-tattle is most entertaining.' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the little gentlemen courteously accepted the offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as itB owner cautiously plaoed an olivein his_ mouth. He puckered a np Ins eyes, twisted his lips, and expressed in his face the most exquisite disgust. It was cedent that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had placed in his mouth. « Ahem 1." said he, " really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them in Virgil, but positively never have I before tasted of them. Whatj now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, the impression conveyed to me when I firstate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors oall" bilgewater." But olives flavor one's wine immensely." "Do they, now," said the Doctor, dubiously. " Humph 1 I think that I prefer the wine without the olives," and he dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, so innocent in his ways that really it was impossible to check the impulse of friendship towards him. And, presently, as thewice mounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the moBt charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloe and Stephrori, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us some little stories of hiB early college days, when he was '* a naughty- boy, sir, and a sad, young dog." In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits were of that elastic kind. which is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to the door an admiring audience of waiters and chambermaids. " Now, Jack," said he, as he finished•The Old Temeraire.' Come, boy. -Let us have your song. Sing us one of the ditties MonBieur Tondeor taught you," and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Beranger'a " Le Vin et la Coquette," singing the ditty with Bpirit and emphasis. The Doctor's face was a study. «' Bless my soul 1" he said, presently, turning to my father, whose eyes were dancing, and whose lip3 trembled from suppressed mirth. " Where did the lad learn such a song. Fxench too. Well I'm rusty as to French—but still, humph;" and he shook, his head and drank off another glasB of claret. My father laughed aloud. "A young scamp, eh 1 Loctor," he cried. "You must teach him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," said the Doctor, gravely,holding up one hand in deprecation. " I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and has picked up many matters which perhaps it would have been well he should not have learned. Bat serious study will soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court tip the claret. Hehad passed from the firstto the second stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, hs had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clook, and the Doctor protested that he must return. "A married man, sir," he said, with something very like ahicbough. "I must keep good hours. Bless me—what a singular phenomenon. : Will you be kind enougli Capt'en to inform me—inform me—how many there are of you," and he gazed pitiously at my father, who burst into ladghter. At this moment, the door was opened suddenly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered the room with the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her husband and seized his collar. " Pretty goings on, truly," she said, f ten o'clcck and not abed yet," and she tugged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that species of valour which is known as Dutch courage. He struggled to his feet.' "Madam," said he, "what means this unseemly conduct? Are yoa aware who I am; who I am!" "Come along," said the lady, "who you are, you pitiful, little? dried up, sapless-burlesque upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a sudden tug and tbe little Doctor disappeared with his captor through the door. My father shook with laughter. " There, .Jack," said he, "^here yoa behold an illustration of the influence of lovely woman. I do not think that your mamma oould have distinguished herself so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to-morrow morning. We shall not see each other for eome time to come, after we start for the other end of the world," and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. Myheart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself upon the bed and wept, bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation seized upon me; I felt for the fhst time m my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morciisg when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes fall of tenderness and solicitation met mine he smiled. "Come Jack," he cried, "up with you, I have only nn.honr for breakfast and to reach the train. W&ile; you drees I'll have a litte talk with you. I jumred up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds. " Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this large fortune. Bat yoa will need a little money. As I understand, there are some youngsters at this school whose friendship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, whioh can be so readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therefore, and yoa may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip." Then he was silent, sitting by the window, looking abroad with that self-contained look which tells that the influence of all exterior matters are unfelt. He was very grave during breakfast, and said but little more as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me, and we parted. Blind -with tbe tears I in vain sought to control,,I made my way back to the hotel, and therp, getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me the day before, I felt its influence tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled me aB I walked up the damp steps and rang the bell. The High Church butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTER VI. IAM COBBED. Received with formal cordiality by my aunt and her family, I sat down to the breakfast, which they were careful to inform me they had delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghoBtly apaitment, fairly furnished, however, and looking out upon the Cathedral yard. . It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to sohool, the duties of which had already commenced ere i arrived. The little doctor looked somewhat shamefaced as J sainted him, but as I was careful to preserve the utmoBt respect in my demeanour towards him he soon became at ease, and questioned me as to my acquire- ments. He told me that I must commence forthwith the study of the classics, concerning the value of which he was moBt enthusiastic. " The modern language^ my dear boy," said he, " come afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he added, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know more than I can teaoh you." With this he handed me my books and conducted me to my class desk at the lower end of the large hall which served for the schoolroom. I was mortified to findthat my classmateswereinallcasesmy superiors, and determined to do my utmost to acquire the position held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my cariosity in respect to my school-fellows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Caesar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for concentrating my thought and energies upon any subjeot which I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the class was called up. The Doctor was very pleaded. "I see, I see," said he, " you and I will get llong together," and he patted my head. At twelve -o'clock tha work ceaeed for two hours and we we were released. With a ruBhthe boys passed into the play-ground whither I followed them. I was instantly earrounded. " How old are yoa, yokel," asked a big hulking fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's yoa dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. " Let us cob him. Fine or cob, fineor cob, and the cry was taken np as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on tbe ground. " Now new boy, eaidthe big fellow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his handkerchief. " It is the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. VYou have the option of buying off, you know," and he stood over me ready to strike; I was furious, and setting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. "Turn him on his face lads," cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, chanting the.while.' " New boy, new boy, why has he come to as ? Cob him, cob him, pugnis et calcibus. So he'll learn, sp he'll learn doeendo'decitnv* Let him know, that we rale, propria qua martius, It was with the greatest difficulty that I controlled my cries, far tbe pain was intense. At laet, however, my floggingceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him.with my best strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bally dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I as I brushed the dust from., my clothing, " you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash yoa one by one before a month is out,"' and with this I walked off. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we eatdown to luncheon, " and how did you get On to- day. " Very fairly," I answered, as I dispoeed of a slice of ham. " Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." . My aunt looked-at me, eghast. " I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg,) that your disposition for fightingwill bring you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere yoa blackened Barnaby'a eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." "I fancy," said^I, "that my friend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. Tbe fact is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon." " In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, y<5u will find, I think, that you .must put up with many insults, many impositions. «'I don't think I shall," I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you ior another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, firststaring incredulously at ma, proceeded to cut me a minute elice cf ham. * "Thanks" said I, "another elice please. Sohool work makes a fellow hungry.'' The ghost of a grave smile-was to be seen for a moment npon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed me my plate; and I was not displeased Jo note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt die stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent." "You are right, madam," I answered, " though why the thought should have oaused you to stare so at me, I do not understand." " Then you have less wit than I give yoa credit for," she replied. "Possibly, madam," was my answer, "I doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. But as to your judicious observation concerning the-impudence of the modern boy, I quite agree with yon. He is* an audacious young cub. Bat have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of bis impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the iiyranny of his elders. Positively it is so. Tbe modem boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and So snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face aB I delivered this little address. Always heavy and stupid of aspect, his visage now expressed the utter bewilderment and consternation of its owner. He set down his knife and fork and gazed at me. Ab for my aunt, her frown grew darker asshe sharply rejoined, "Yoatalk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children should listen, not speak." " Nay," I laughed," my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow^ The Spanish saying doubtless applies to me: " Poca barba jpoca virguznza," and I drank my small beer with aa air. "Andwhat may that mean young Sir," said my reverend host, at last finding his tongue. " Little beard little shame," I laughed, as I glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were dancing. " Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your beard grows the better for your modestly." And with this Parthian shot she arose. I flewto the door, opened it L and as she passed oat bowed to the ground. It was* evident that our relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with ber brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called me to him. "Have a glass of wine my boy," said he. " And I like you none the less for your impudence," and the reverend gentleman chucked. " To tell you the truth," he added, "you are the firBt who has ever had the courage to tackle her. It seems a strange thing for the master of the house to say, Master Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don't like her temper." " And so," I laughed, " you rather enjoy the spectacle of another's rebellion e gainst the lady's eccentricities." (To be eeatinued.). 