S&etcber;, Indian Myths* B* *' Stella Occiden-s.' SnouLt- yoa ask me, whence these stories— Whente these legends and traditions ? ? * * * * » I should answer, I should tell yon, From the forests and the prairies, From tbe great lakes of the Northland, From the land of the Oiibwavs, From tbe land of the Docotabg. I repeat them as I heard them.— Lokgfellow. Daring the long, cold,- winter nigh!», the ' Indians gather ronnd the camp- fire, and relate the wonderful tales and myths of their country. .Under tbe great pines, in an evergreen forest of the Rocky Mountain region, by tho blazing light ot the camp-fire, and surrounded by ihe darkness of night, stands an old man, telling in simple language the story of Ta wata, the hare- god, and his encounter with Ta-vi, the sun-god. Tbe Iudians are great actors, and. tell more by action than by words. The elders listen with reverence, whilst tile \- younger members are often so excited as to dance with delight, or shiver with fear, accord ing to the influence of the^orator and his story. The old man tells them how in long past times the sun god Ta-vi was free to roam about the world at plessure, scorching people * when he oame too near, and leaving . them shivering with cold when he hid away ia his cave* Onpday Ta watp, the hare-god was sitting round tbe camp-fire, out in the wood', with his family gathered ronnd bim, waitind for the sun-god to come out of his cave ang warm them. At last they grew tired ot wait ing, and | fell asleep. Tbo sun god then approached the bare god and his family so near that] he scorched Ta-wats' shoulder. Then Ta vi ran away and hid himself, for ho was afraidlthat tbe hare god would be ancry. When the latter woke up, and found bow badly the sun-god had treated him, he waB very angry, and determined to be revenged. He travelled for days and days, meeting with many adventures, and overcoming- many obstacles. I At last be arrived at tho brink of the world, and he waited' natiently until he should see jthe sua god. Presently the latter, thinking h^s enemy had gone, peeped out, and the hare-god shot an arro*v in hi? faw, but the rays ot the sun burnt the arrow btfnre it rcachedl bim. Ta-wats shot again and again witbpot effectflunti) at. Jaet bo sent n macieal arrow, which n»?ver failfd to reach Its mark, | This strnck TS vi tull in the faco, and the ran fell to pieces, setting the* whole earth on fire. The hare-god fled, but as he fled the burning earth scorched his feet, his legs, his b^dy, until at lapt only his bead was left. Thia-went rolling along, bumping over roek and crevice, across mountains and valleys, through deep ravines and abyeses. Finally th4 eyes o( the b«e-god burst, and tears Rushed forth in such a flood that it quenohed tne firo. The 6nn-god was conquered snd he wafc summoned to appear before a aouncil to ^wait sentepcS. The judges con demned him to travel across tho Bky day after day, on thj) same path, and he was only to ippear at certain times'. The days, nights,, months and seasons were also regulated by this obancil. The Algonquin rscc have the beautiful myth ol tbe lied a wan. somewhat similar to the above.! They believe that the hunter Ojibwa, whilst skinning a bear, noticed that the [ sky gradually bccame tinged with a bright red light. He' saw' a beautiful red sw&n; with brilliant plumace flying across & lake, and tried in vain to thoot it, his arrows proving useless, no then tried three magic arrows, only' succeed iog, however, in .striking the swan with the third. Tbe wonnde£ bird flew off, feebly flapping its wings, until it sank at last UDder the water. Ojibwa pursued the red swan westward, and discovered that *ho was the daughter of an old magician. The old man had lost his scalp, which Ojibwa found for bim, and put back on his head. The magician then gave his beautifal daughter, the Ii?d Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they re turned to the earth together. In Longfellow's 'Hiawatha,' this myth is referred to by Isgoo, tbe marvellous story-teller, at Hia watha's wedding, when be relates the story of 11 The Son of the Evening Star'?— Cm it be the sun descending O'er the level plain of water ? ; Or the Bed Swan floating, flying, Wouoded by the magic arrow ? Staining all tbe waves with crimson, \- With the crimson of its life-blood, Filling all the air with splendour, With the splendour of its plamage ? Shortly after the Son bad been condemned to travel across the sky, another council was held to elect a Moon which was to Bhine during the night. Whippoorwill, God of the Night, was chosen to preside at this conncil. After a long debate, a frog offered himself as. a willing sacrifice, and was chosen. Various' magical incantations and ceremonies were used, and be was changed into tbe new Moon. Naturally tbe Moon gives no heat, being mudc out of tbe cold body of a frcg. Tbe Dahkotah Indians believe that tho Moon is madetrf something good to eat— as good, probably, as green cheese. When tho Moon is full, a great number of small mice commcnco nibbling until the? have eaten it all vp. A new Moon then begins to grow until it is full, wben it is in turn devoured. The Djbkolahs count their months by tbo Moon, a* follows 1\. Witeri, January ; tho hard Moon. 2\. W^/cata-wi, F- bruiry ; the racoon Moon. 8\. Iitawicayazin-wi, March ; the sorc«eyc Moon. i. Mtgaokadi wi, April ; the Moon in which the geese lay eggs ; also called Wokada* wi; and sometimes Watopspi wf, the. ftfoon when the streams are again navigable.' 5\. Wc.jupi wi, Uu\j ; the planting Moon. 0, W#juit*c*sa wi, Jun?i tbe Moon whon strawberries are red. 7\. Oanpaeapa wi, July ; tbe Moon when choko-oherties are ripe. 8\. Wiiuton-wi, Aiiyu*t ; the harvest Moo*. 'J, iM'nbnaketu-wi, Hepteinhen tbo Moon when rioo U laid up to dry. 10\. Wi-wajupi, October ; the drying noo Moon. 11\. Takiyara-wi, November; tbeieer-rattiag Moon. 12\. TshccBpson wi, Jhcember ; tho Moon when the deer shed their horos. The Indians have many myths concerning Day and Night, ftohoolcraft, fn his M Algio lis* aearcbee,' describee the Huron nature-myth, concerning Day and Night:—1 '» Iosco,' says ?Trior, ' seems to be loskoba, the White One, whose contest with his brother Tawiroara, ihe Dark One, it an early and moil gooo/ne Huron nature-myth of Diy and Night* Iosco and bis friend travtl for years eastward and. eastward to teaoh the ion, and oon?e at Ia»t to the dwelling of Manabozho, near the edge of tbe world; aud then, a little beyond, to tbe ohasm to be passed' on the way to tbe land of the Han and the Moon* They begin to bear tlio round of tho betting sky, and It teems near at hand; hot they have far to travel before they rtub the plaoe, When the aky came down Its pressure would foree gusts of wind from the opening, so strong that the travellers could hardly keep thefr feet, nnd the ion passed but a short dlftanoe above their beads, Tbe rty would eomo down with violence, but it would vise slowly and gradually. Iosoo and one ol hlf friends stood near the edge, and with ft great effort leapt through, ana gained a footboM on tb« other side ; hot the other two wei . fearful and undecided, and when their opn. pftoiooi iftUed lo (hem tbiough tbo d«knesi»r Loop f leap I, the sky is on its way dowsf they looked up, ind saw it descending^ but, paralysed by fealr, they sprang bo feebly tbat they reaohed th(j other side with their bands, and the sky at] the same moment striking violently on tbcj earth with a terrible sound, forced them into the dreadful, dark abyss ' The Ottawa tjlibea alao believe the'Sun and Moon to bo brother and sister, u Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a chasm in the sky, and jTound themselves in a pleas, ant, moonlit land. There they saw the moon approaching aa from behind a hill ; they knew her at tho first sight; she was an aged* woman with* white face and -pleasing air. Speaking kindly to them, she led them to her brother, th^ Sun, and he carried them with bim in hi? course, and sent them home, with promise ofiboppy life.' There is an [Ottawa mylh about Mana bozho, the solargod', among tho Algonquins, which tells about his driving his father, tbe West, aoro?s mountain and lake to the brink of the world, bul he was not able to kill him. Tbe conflict is described in 'Hiawatha' ; tbo West-Wind or S,iudjekcoVis being the father of Hiawatha. |! * Then began tbe deadly conflict, Hand to hand among the mountains, .i ? . . . . . B*ck retreated Mcdj^keswi?, Ruehing westVard'o'er the mountain?, Stumbling westward down the mountains, Threo whole days retreated fighting, Still pursued jpy Hiawatha, To the portahj of tho West Wind, To tbo portalii of tbe Sunset, . To the earth's] remotest borders, Where into the empty spaces . Sinks the Bunjj as a flamingo * Drops into hst nest at nightfall In the melancholy marshes. 11 Hold 1' at lejngth cried Mudjekeewis, ' Hold, my sail, my Hiawatha I 'Tis ibiposaiblc to.kill me, For you cannot kill the immortal* : I have put yofe to this trial Bat to know iind prove your courage.' - In the Ottawa! myth, Manabozho is called Na na-bou' jou, and is the elder brother of Ntncr-gah-be-ar-nong Manito, tbe Spirit ot tbe West, god of the country of the dead, in the region of She setting bud/ This run hero, Manabozijio, when he angled for tbe King of Fishes, vras swallowed, canoe and all ; then he 6mcte the monster's heart with his war-clpb till he would fain have cast him up into the lake again, but the hero set his canoe fastnerosa the fish's throat inside, and finished slavingfhim ; when the dead monster drifted ashore, fhe gulls pecked an opening for Manabozhojio come out.' This story is .ikewiso told in Hiawatha,' in tbe acooint of the Little MoWdo of the Ojibwaa. Tho Oraibi philosopher, who lives ia a pueb!of knows something about architecture ; therefore, he iipagines the world to be ft building, and ^even stories high. We an supposed to oapupy the sreondi Btory, ono being bslow, and five bsing above. The third story is occupied by the rain-god, who sprinkles the e^rlh with rain by dipping a bruah made of birds1. feathers into tho lakes of the skif's. The Indians who live on tbo cliffs of Arizonajbcjieve that tbe rain is Bent for the irrigation of their crops and to refresh the thirsty c&rtfr;* In the winter this god causes a snow-fall by crushing the ice of the heavenly lakca, and scattering it over the earth. I The reason wljy wo occupy tho second story of this wonderful building is presented in tbe following way b'p tbe.Oraibi philosopher^ It waa supposed that peoplcoriginally inhabited a lower world b^ means cf a magical tree, which served aj^ a ladder from the lower world to this. iThey found the firmament 'resting low down on the earth, forming tho floor of the world, and Miteito, one of their gods, raised the firmament on his shoulders to his present placo. He is also supposed to have made the moon out cf 'seven baskets of cotton balls, woven bylievcn maidens, -nd the bits of ccttoi) which wero scattered about whilet they worked wero made into stars. Mateito then made a sun to keep the people warm, for they complained bccause tho moon waa cold.. He njiadc tho sun of the bair of seven beffalo rotes. - ne also appointed the times and seasons for tbe heavenly bodies lo . appear ; and tbes. gods of tho heavens have i obeyed his commands from the day of creation till the present t^me. ? . According to the Shoshoni Indians, the sky is ice (being of the colour of ice) and tbe fall of snow ia cauecjl by a monster serpent-god, who coils his bulge back against the eky and bruihes the ice duet off with his scales. Tbat Bcrptnt-god it supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpont-gd/l of storm. In the winter time the BerpentjlcendB snow, and in tbe sum mer time rain. I Schoolcraft, w|ho spent some timo visiting amonft the Indish tribes, relates a story told by a North American Indian prophetess, dc* scribing a vieionjjeke bad of tho Bright Blur Sky, ' At her solitary fast at womanhour she tell into an ecstasy, and at the call of spirits she went tip to heaven bv tbe path leads to tho opening in the aky; therf beard ft voice, arid, standing still, saw if «gure of & man nfear the path. His head * u surrounded by a beauiful halo, and his breast was covered withl^qu&rcs.; *Look at me,' he said, ? my narao|;ia Ojhaunauegeeghick, the Bright BIuo Sky.'' Sbo likewise doeoribed the spirit as beinft ornamented with the hiero glyphic horns of power. The North American Indians called tb^ Pleiades the Danker*, and tho morning sto-i tbeDay-bringer. B-orlcaare told of an Indian who had long gnzpd on a star in childhood One day it left itrf placo in tbo beavoni, and oame down to tho earth, and talked with bim. Whenbevfent out hunting, and had poor lun)c, the et^r would lead him to the place where there ]-was plenty of gamo. ? The Indian myths about the planet Venua are interesting. Xongftilow tells in 'Hia- watha 'bow.— 5 ' Tlij) Star of Evening * Melts and trembles through tho purplo, . Hangs suspended in tho twil/ght. No ; it is a bead1, of Wampuin On the robes of the Great Spirit, At he passes through the twilight, Walks in aliened] through the heavens 1 ' Then Iagoo, tho etory teller, relates how Ossco, tho son of tilie wandnring star of Even ing, was beloved Oiceneo, tho ' silent, dreamy maiden,' wno rofceed ' all her young I and handsome suitors,' and married — 'OldOliin, poor and uijly, Broken with afte aAd weak with oougblog, Always couching Ifiin a Fijuirrtl, Ah, but'beeulitui vlihla him Wm tba spirit of (Jjfeo, ' ? From tba Kvenlng Biar dotecniled.' All tho heavenly lioilleB, lodnnl, vrera nap. Sosed to be bum'an^beings or Bpiiiin by tho orth American I n i -i n k , The ghost theory was very obviously JielJ among Ihom, not tho I mere 1'elleh v?ornbi|j i Imsglned by aomo modern writers, __ '1 Btirt'OHii I'll lm»« t- goj but, indeed, it wasn't my fault,' Jisid h prelty «crv»nt girl whon. tlio mibtrnni ol the liouni surprised liri husband huguln/t I tie hut. ' Oh. no, don'i think ol going,' upl Jed Ihe pmotloal rnUtreis | ' since you have been with us wo aro nivlnu money, My husbaird remain* In'of evenings, watohlng for olmnoci'i tn hug you, and I stay homo towsloh lilmJ Ills ramalnlng atilomo u from #1 til) to 9J th Ills poqkot overy night, mil I'll wnnt same fl| thn money shortly fm a now drsss, *ni( the'je'll be trouble if I don't got II, Moiit murrlod women will uot litvu a pretty servant gili about tho iiouso; hut wben a pretty servunl girl will enable mo to gol prelty nlothes I'rti willing to jolerate her,' —FMMrlphlu Jhi'filil, .. 