ECHOES 01 MELBOURNE. (Br TnE GlosT.) It is decidedly to the credit of the Aus tralian Natives' Association throughout the 'colony that they have, in regard to the proposed cession of the Now Hebrides to France, taken the stand they have. They have shown themselves worthy scions of thenoble stock whence they have sprung. At the numerous meetings held under their auspices, Young Australia spoke with no " bated breath or whispering humbleness," and tile utterances of the speakers had about them the true ring of patriotism which gives assurance that the destinies of this growing empire in the Southern Seas are safe in the hands of the present generation of the native born population. Just as it is the last straw that breaks the camel's back, so perhaps will the latest protest sent to Lord Granville from the sons of Australia's soil penetrate the apparently non-receptive brains of the Colonial and Foreign Secretaries, and induce those slowly - comprehending gentlemen to remember that "England" does not consist entirely of the " small islands between the four seas," but that there is "a Greater Britain" beyond as loyal to the Crown,and as proud of the mother country and her glorious history, as any Cockney born and brought up within sound of Bow bells. The various metropolitan and suburban municipalities around the capital have met in conference and attempted to evolve order out of chaos, and discover a modus vivendi in connection with the Shops and Factories Act. The result of the labours of the delegates has, however, been to leave things very much as they were. Deputa tions ofd oisstifiedqunjone pre a..0A.e le t wait on the Chief Secretary, the former denouncing the act] compelling them to close at stated hours as an unwarrantable interference with the liberty of the sub ject; while the shop assistants urge that the act should be strictly enforced,and the municipal authorities prevented by addi tional legislation from setting the clauses of the act rendering early closing impera tivo at defiance, by fixing the penalties for breaches of the law at an absurdly low figure. The Government has diplomati cally promised to remit the matter to the consideration of Parliament, and mean while the status quo has been reestablished, shopkeepers putting up their shutters when they please, and the police authori ties, in view doubtless of the fact that their efforts to enforce compliance with the early closing law would simply result in delinquents being fined in the sum of one shilling, treating the present sample of "grandmotherly legislation" as a dead letter. Mfr. Douglas,the gentleman at present re presenting her Majesty's authority in New Guinea, has paid Vic toria a visit. The honourable gentleman is on a foraging expedition, being somewhat in doubt as regards the £15,000 per annum requisite to meet the expenses of governing this latest addition to the Queen's dominions. South Aus tralia has given notice that she no longer intends to contribute any share of the amount required for the New Guinea pro tectorate, moved to this resolve partly perhaps by the " bad times" that colony is at present experiencing, and perhaps by the idea that her geographical position renders her connection with this youngest of the colonies much of the kind said to subsist between the Goodwin Sands and Tenterden Steeple. New Zealand and Tas mania are not likely to be brought into close relation with this seat of Govern ment in the " far north." and might with equal propriety refuse their contribution. A knowledge of these facts, and a desire not to undertake responsibilities with an empty exchequer, has necessitated the journey undertaken by Mr. Douglas, It certainly is not much to the credit of the mother country that one of her pro consuls should be compelled to embark on a " cadging" tour to obtain the where withal to undertake the duty assigned to him. Evidently to the frugal mind of the Colonial Office fifteen thousand pounds a year appears a high price to pay for being able to claim the Papuan savage as "a man and a brother." A stranger arriving just now in Victoria would be apt tolimaginoe the colony one of the most unhealthy localities in the world. The metropolitan papers have taken to publishing daily bulletins of the number of reported cases of typhoid fever. Why this course should have been adopted it is hard to say, for the death-rate from this cause is actually below that of former years, and lower than the normal rate of the last ten years. In the good old days -before the establishment of central and district boards of health in Victoria-the disease used to be known as "Colonial fever," and did not then create any "scare." Under its new scientific appellation it haes become a word of fear for medical men to conjure with. As, unlike small-pox and cholera, typhoid fever is a preventible disease, caused by bad drainage, bad ventilation, and a neglect of the commonest sanitary precautions, any community in which it is allowed to become rife has only itself to blame. "IReciprocity" is once more in the air. A deputation from the Chamber of Com merce, headed by its chairman, has interviewedtheo Premier, and requested him to bring the question of intercolonial free trade before Parliament. The reply of Mr. Gillies is hardly as satisfactory as it might have been, and displayed rather too much of the caution with which the "canny Scot" is generally credited.He said a former Government had nearly got itself into hot water over the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty, and would only promise to introduce "the thin edge of the wedge" by counsel ling the Assembly to admit " one or two articles at a time." Mr. Gillies, as a well i known freetrader, will find the driving l home of the wedge after the insertion of . the thin end a far more difficult task than r Mr. Berry, the trusted protoetionist, would I. have done. But as half a loaf is pro Verbially better than no bread, even the small approach to an Australasian Zolverein, is to be thankfully welcomed, and perhaps the Victorian Ministry may discover that cen'est ques i premier pas qai couat and eventually be able to break down the barriers that at present keep the colonies aloof from each other. The gathering at the Melbourno Town Hall to bid Mr. Service good-by, on the morning of his departure for home via America, was a great success. In the speech the late Victorian Premier made in reply to the toast of his health, he made one remark that will at all events find an echo in the minds of a great many people. He said that " a more unfit person than Mr. Turner, the manager of the Commercial Bank, to propose the toast could hardly hate been found." Mr. Service attributed Mr. Turner's unfitness to the fact of "Ihis great friendship." Other people will be apt to think that the unsuitableness of the choice of the committee charged with the conductof the proceedings might be credited to another cause-the peculiar "relationship" that exists between the two gentlemen. - Had "the poet of all ages" lived in Victoris during the present nineteenth century, lie would assuredly have found ample reason for placing in the mouth of one of his characters the statement that "'tie a queer world" we live in. The choice of the spokesman called to mind facts which it would have been better to have allowed to lie dormant. Offended no doubt at the very palpable snub administered him by his colleagues, Mr. James, the acting Minister of Mines, has made a virtue of necessity and com mitted the happy despatch. He hIas resigned his Ministerial position; but as the fact of his having held a portfolio entitles him to be called the "' honourable," and to a free railway pass for life, there is really not much merit attached to the act of official suicide. Mr. James can now return to his anvil with far more pleasure than Cincinnatus did to his plough, for whereas the noble Roman had but the remembrance of his former high position as a consolation in the humble splere of life to which lihe returned, Mr. James will have his title, his right to travel graeis over the railways of Australasia and two months' Ministerial salary, which his colleagues have agreed to allow him out of their own " screw." During his short career as a Minister of the Crown Mr. James gave ample proof of his capacity for "meddling and muddling," and nothing in his official life became him so much as leav ing it. Acting under the advice of his friends, the Reverend Mr. Dods has respectfully refused to submit his sermons to the ken of theMelbournePresbytery.Ho has been asked for the third and last time to submit to the inquisitorial ordeal, and will, doubtless, be declared "contumacious" in the event of the refusal being persisted in. What punishment can be meted out for this dire offence it is hard to say. Possibly the Melbourne Presbytery will remit the matter to the General Assembly, and the superior tribunal will turn the reverend delinquent out of the fold, just as an example to any members of the church who are ready to think for themselves, and after the fashion of the good people of the olden time who were wont occasionally to hang, draw, and quarter one of their members pour encourager les aulres. 