COUNCIL OF TRENT. Continued. On January 26th, 1564, Pius iv. pub lished the bull of confirmation, command ing all the faithful to receive and inviol ably observe the decrees of the council ; enjoining archbishops, bishops, etc. to procure that observance from those under them, and in order thereto, to call in the assistance of" the secular arm, if necessary ; and exhorting and beseeching the emperor, ami me respective sovereigns and states of Europe " by the tender mercies of the Lord Jesus Christ," to support the church in so pious an endeavour, and to show their zeal for the Divine honour, and their concern for the salvation of souls, by preventing their subjects from holding and avowing any sentiments opposed to those which had been promulgated at Trent. At the same time, private interpretations of the decrees were expressly prohibited, and the publication of any commentaries, glosses, annotations, remarks, etc. with out papal authority, was sternly forbidden. If any doubt or difficulty existed, recourse was to be had to the "place which the Lord had chosen," the apostolic see. A congregation of cardinals was appointed, to regulate and announce the legitimate meaning ' of the decrees. It still continues, and meets usually twice ih every month. The " Catechism of the Council of Trent" appeared in : 1566, by'command of pope Pius v. Although termed a " Catechism," it is not written in the usual form of question and answer, but is, in fact, a manual of religious instruc tion, chiefly, though not wholly, intended for the priests. It is a work of con siderable labour and research, and is written in a terse and elegant style. Of the four parts into which it is divided, the first, third aud fourth contain exposi tions of the Apostles' Creed, the Deca logue, and the Lord's Prayer ; the second, is a treatise on the sacraments. The doctrines laid down in the decrees of the council, are here elaborately discussed and defended ; much additional inform- ation is supplied : and great skill is em ployed in endeavourig to make the obnoxious sentiments of the Romaa Catholic church appear to be consistent with reason and scripture, but none of them are in reality brought nearer to the truth thereby. The canons and decrees of the council were printed at Rome, and widely cir culated throughout Europe. Their re ception was various. In what concerns faith, or morals, the decrees of -the council have been received, without any restriction, by exery Roman Catholic kingdom : all its decrees have been received by the empire, Portugal, the Venetians, and the duke of Savoy, with out an express limitation. They have been received by the Spaniards, Neapoli tans, and Sicilians, with a caution as to such points of discipline as might be de rogatory to their respective sovereignties. But the council was never published in Franee. The doctrinal decrees, however, are received in that country, as well as oy an xtoman uatnoncs in every pare or the world. Pope Pius iv sent the acts of the council to Mary, queen of Scots, with a letter, dated the 13th of June 1564, urging her to have the decrees of the council published in her dominions, but nothing appears to have been done in consequence of it. Although the decrees and canons have been published, the acts of the council have never been permitted to see the light. It is true that Pallavicini pro fesses to derive his history from them ; but for his fidelity we have only his own voucher. Buonaparte removed the origL vinl /innrr nt fnn onfo T«Am 4h a \T n 4/an n UU1 UWUl - UUO T U-UlU-U, where they were first deposited, to Paris, and placed them in the " Hotel de Soubize." Probably they wese restored on the return of the Bourbon family.: The decrees of the council of Trent were signed by four legates, two cardinals three patriarchs, twenty-five archbishops, one hundred and sixty-four bishops, " seven abbots, seven generals of orders, and nineteen proxies for absentees. There had been present, during the extended sittings of the council, thirty-three arch bishops, and two hundred and thirtyr eight bishops. Of these prelates, thirty- three were from Spain, twenty-four from France, three from Portugal, two from Germany, six from Hungary, two from Poland, and about one hundred and eighty from the Italian states ! As there were nearly eight hundred Roman Catholic sees, the number of signatures did not amount to one-fourth of the papal prelacy. Yet this handful of bishops, most of nrhom were absolutely dependent on the pope, and many of them bribed for this special service, had the audacity to call themselves the representatives of the universal church, and to enact the farce of a general council. Their mean, cringing servility, their opposition to evangelical aoccrme, cueir intolerant spirit, and their utter recklessness of principle, sufficiently show their true character; and yet these very men .pro fanely dared to assert, that they acted under the influence of the Holy Spirit, and that the decisions manufactured for them at Rome, and carried by dint of the most scandalous intrigue, were inspired from heaven ! From such corrupt sources flowed the decrees which raised tradition to an equality with Scripture ; condemned the doctrine of justification by faith only ; asserted the meritorious- ness of good works, aud the saving efficacy of the sacraments ; denounced curses against all who should refuse to receive the absurdities of transubstantiation:; mutilated the Lord's ordinance of the supper; legalised the idolatry of . t.he Uiuoa J 11YCICU UUD 1 t/UillU Ul tlUllUUItifT confession : ' confirmed the follies of saint-worship, purgatorial fire, relics, and similar trumpery; left unredressed the manifold grievances connected with in dulgences and other forms of priestly exaction ;. and, instead of lessening the pressure of the papal yoke, laid burdens " grievious to be born " on the shoulders of an enslaved people. But we wonder not at these results. When God gives up men to " strong delusion," they " be lieve a lie, and have pleasures in un righteousness." .-'jj To he Continued. Awful Calamity. — Die!, a few montlis ago, from angina pectoris the A1 ait- land Mail. The poor creature had .few friends, and its departure was unwept and un-noticed. It died, according to its byn testimony, in order that it might have a ' resur rection to a new and more vigorous life ; 1 but the hand of death has been too strong for it, and it still, lies. dead but unburied. .'It is expected that the undertaker will make bis appearance before long. When in the . throes of death, it endeavoured to attack the Pro- testant Standard. It gave vent to a, few incoherences, contra the Standard and Dr. . Barry, attempted to say something against the Singleton Orangemen, and mads, a muddle of itself, in re the chamber maid gossip about the "beautiful" bed of the:bles8ed Cardinal, when in Maitland. But evidently the effort was too much for the fast' ebbing strength of the poor thing ; and, sboitly after it gave up the ghost, which is still a disembodied something in Bearch of an embodiment, which cannot be found. Wanted Bome: one with cash and brains, to run down IliU dlAUi LUt y y ui) ao auutuci nwuiu pus jij vuw with more cash than brains, and who can use the latter sb a resource after he has lost the former. An Arrogant Claim.— Cardinal Moran in his last pastoral with the usual arrogance of bis Church proclaims that " The Catholic Church does not recognise any authority on the part of the civil state to dissolve the marriage bond." It does not acknowledge the authority of the state to make marriageB or to dissolve them. Well it is that the state does make marriasre a civil tie not amenable to the caprice of cardinal or priest. The fact is that the marriage by priest or parson, without the civil contract insisted upon by law, is null and void, and it is just as binding if the ceremony be performed by a legally qualified layman as by any Roman ecclesiastic who has to be given a license by the state before he can do so. The cardinal tries to make a distinction between civil and natural law, forgetting that the civil law is made in conformity with the natural law which is the law of God. In Canada lately, where the Bomish Church is very powerful and correspondingly arrogant, a priest the other day declared a marringe between a Protestant and Roman Catholic null and void. Hard would it be for the weaker vessels if a priest, through caprice, could' of his own mere motion dissolve marriage, whether the interested parties desired it or not. Yet the Romish Church claims that power. Popish Superstition. — When H alley's comet came in 1456, so tremendous waB its apparition that it was necessary for the Pope himself to interfere. He exercised and expelled it from the skies. It slunk away into, the abysses of space, terror-Btricken by the maledictions of Calixtus III., and did not venture back for seventy-five years. — Professor Draper. Young Australians Beware. — ln_ a village in Scotland lived a man who, to hiB sorrow, married a Papist girl. They signed that all daughters born were to be reared PapiBts — the boys were to be baptised Protestants. His reverence the priest became assiduous in his visits, too much so, and not much to the liking of the head of the family, who began to suspect an unwarrantable interference of the pnest with his wife in urging her to use herinfluence to "bias" the minds of his boys. One day, unknown to his wife, the husband got closeted in aside-room, when, to his shame and indignation, he heard hlD uiifa nnrl IKa TT pucob (C(C U (t/IC. ao WHO urging his wife to bring his boys up in the creed of Holy Mother Church, as otherwise they would be " damned," and never to mind her husband in the matter. Roused to anger the husband sprang in, and facing the priest he cried out, " Sir, how dare you tamper with my wife and her duty ? There, sir, is the door, begone, or I'll pitch you out, you Bcarnp. The priest slunk away. But, ah ! the priest had his opportunity— where? In that secret place of priestly sway — the confes- sional. R.C. Intoleration of Trinity College, Dublin. — The A then. count says, that furious eoclesiastics are calling for the extirpation of Trinity College" from the heart of Catholic Dublin," But though the one are Protestant Tories, and the other posing as Radicals, this combined discontent has, so far, had no effect. The number of students on the books of TrinWt, College, Dublin, 1308, is the largest for about forty years, and the average of non-Church of Ireland students is increasing. So it appears that unless there is some interference of legis lation, no rival university is likely to affect the deep-set popularity of Trinity College with the Irish public. Romanising tlie Cliurcb of Jgngland.-— The table at Christchurch has been turned into a tawdry imitation of an altar with brass candlesticks and caudles upon it. At the Burwood Church the Rev. Mr. Bartlett has similarly, but more handsomely, turned the table into an imitation of an altar, the candleo hAVA nnt vAf mmn Vtuf fka some and cool clean-looking stone wall has covered by coloured curtains, and the chancel made to look like a doll's house, and to bear a strong resemblance to the Japanese temple now to be seen at the Exhibition building, the molten images, sitting cross-legged, being abstnt. But we sadly fear, molten or graven imagep, foolish-looking candles and other nehushtans may yet be added. The decora tions of that church at Eastertide were very beautiful, there being a profusion of white chrysanthumans. However, even in these the backward Romeward movement was painfully JPparsnt, for, not content with dressing up the communion table with a milinery Bhow reminded one of one of the show rocms ofHordern's or Davey Jones' drapery estab lishments, there was placed at the foot, and along the front of the parody of an altar, the oouicuuc, - nis is me gateot heaven." Pro bably fearing to shock people's succeptibili- ties by plain English, meaning of the sen tence was veiled in Latin, the language of the Roman Church ; and on each side of the sentence was the word, "sanctus," sacred or holy. "Why were these words chosen, and their meaning veiled in a language unknown to most of the congregation, and that at the very opposite end of the church, above the entrance, was the telling text, in the noble English tongue, " He is not here, He is risen." That was a most appropriate text to place over. the communion table, but probably its force must have been felt by the decoratoi, for it was placed -as far as possible away from the piretended altar, and at the back of the congregation. So we fear that gradually the protestantism of the people is being under mined, little by little, inch by inch. How sad it is at the present day to see professing Prntnntanfa rti'onf an<1 ifrnoro iVia annnrl fpflnVl. ing of the Church of England at the time of the Reformation, as authoratively declared by the Convocation of 1606, viz., that the Bishop of Rome for the time being fulfilled all the conditions of St. Paul's predicted " Man of Sin," which Justin Martyr fifteen centuries earlier had truly described as " the Head of the Apostasy." The appointment of an un- Protestant head of the Church of England ecclesiastical training college at Liverpool was scon followed by the secession of stu dents to the Roman Catholic Jesuit College. This happened lately, and we hope to place the particulars before the public as a warning. The High Church and Ritualistic movement is ruining the grand old reformed Church of England, and the Noncomfoi mists are far outpacing her. We have given instances, and we know of many, and there must be thousands we have not heard of, where sound Churchmen have quietly left the church of their fathers rather than submit to the baby food of childish ceremony, and the playing with (be forms of Roman Catholic error, which is now, alas 1 dishonestly indulged in by many of the ministers of the Church of England. At Katoomba nearly the whole Orange Lodge were members of the Church of England, and, almost to a man, they have joined the Congregational Church, driven out of the church of their fathers by the Romish innovations of the incumbent. From other places, in and near Sydney, in various parts of this and the other colonies, we frequently hear of similar losses to the Church of England, caused by the faithlessness of the clergy. Verily, though the reformed Church of Eng land has done a good work in the past, if the backward Romanising tendency she has so frequently shown lately be not checked her candlestick will be removed. Already in Eng land the Noncomformists far outnumber her adherents. Tlie Ulster Members. — The Ulster members are pursuing the Parnellities with their own weapons. Major Saunderson asked Mr. Morley whether it is a principle in the management of the Model Schools under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland to select teachers belonging to the various Churches, so that their number may be in proportion to the number of pupils be longing to those Churches who attend the Model School ; whether the Government is aware that in the Belfast Model School there are five Roman Catholics in the teaching staff to 19 Roman Catholic pupils, and only two meinouiHiH m mo louuimg atuinu iux iueiuo- dist pupils. This is quite a serious question compared with many which the Parnellites have aBked in their time. No doubt, by-and- bye, it will be necessary to inquire into the religious opinions of the street sweepers of the Dublin Corporation or of the charwomen of the Mansion. House. Editli O'Gormau's Lectures. — During the past week Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray, the escaped nun, has lectured to large audiences. At Waverley on Wednesday evening, Mr. Thos. Jessep, D.G.M., L.O.I, in the chair ; on Thursday afternoon, in Padding- ton, to ladies only ; on Friday afternoon, at Newtown, to ladios only ; on Friday evening, at Newtown, Mr. J. Mitchell in the chair ; on Tuesday evening, April 27th, at St. Leonards, in the Masonic Hall, Captain Jenkins in the chair. Heavy rain fell after seven, and there fore the attendance was not so large as it otherwise wonld have been. On WednoartaTr afternoon in the same hall to a large audi ence of ladieB. On Wednesday night Mrs. Auffray delivered her lecture on " Why she esoaped, and how she was converted in the St. Leonards' Masonic Hall." Mr. J. Forsythe in the chair. On Thursday night (as we go to press) Mrs. Auffray is to address a meeting in St. Thomas's School room, Balmain, at which the Rev. E. D. Madgwick will preside. By advertisement in another column it will be seen that Mrs. Auffray will commence a short series of lectures on entirely new subjects in the Pro testant Hall, Sydney, beginning on the 5th Mnv TVioon loAinrna will Ka «i/\t Ar.n <vwsu»vu Mtn uy 1JUI IOCD IllbOICDf ing and instructive than thoso of the previous series. Everybody should hear them. They include lectures on the Mass, indulgences, her persecution, and her great trial, secrets of Convent life, at the confessional, cruel penances to nuus, and their cruelties to orghans. On Friday evening next Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray, the Escaped Nun. will deliver one of her popular lectures in the Protestant Hall, Castlereagh- street and the pro fits will be given to the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the late Litbgow Colliery accident. On Monday night, 3rd May, there will be a lecture in the Congregational Church, at the corner of Ocean and Queen streets, Wollahara. , A NlIll'S Suicide. — " Sister Ephron- siu, of .the Order of St. Francis, committed suicide in St. Louis, U.S.A., by throwing her- eon lrom a fourth storey window of the dormitory of the school of the Holy Trinity in that city. It is supposed that Bhe was suf fering from dementia at the time. No other cause can be assigned for the act, and this view is strengthened by the fact that for some time previously she had been confined in St. Vincent's Asylum. Little- is known of her previous history, except that she was formerly from Adonburgh, Ind." Such is a newspaper report. Poor nun ; >i£ she really was insane; as of course the Romish authori ties were, as they always are, ready to declare, the world, will never know what drove her mad, but we have an escaped nun. here who tells us of the awful unnatural life enforced on the inmates of convents, and of the num bers of these poor creatures (each of whom have been persuadedby their father confessors that a nun's life was her proper vocation) who are annually driven to death or insanity. It ponnci Via n w/i/tniinn inforirlnrl Kr finn tthlAn " 'wvnuuii « UKMUWXA .. drives so many mad? The Superioress, whose escape from a convent near Sydney we mentioned last week, after a vain effort to secure her, and after terrible threats if she revealed anything that went on in the con vent, was treated similarly, when she sought the protection of the British law, on account of the threats that were uttered by the priest who first obtained an audience with her at a foreign port, on her voyage home, after she had secretly sailed from Svdnev for Enerland. We are: informed. that in answer to the communica tions that were opened on the subject, it was asserted that the escaped nun was Bubject to mental aberration, in which she imagined that her life was threatened, and that all sorts of atrocious deeds had been committed in the convent. Unfortunately for the veracity, of the Romish statement, the Protestant Captain of the steamer the flying nun went home in, had stood close by her, the priest uttered his threats, that she would be followed to the end of the earth and vengeance taken, &c.; For the escaping nun, though dressed in the ordinary attire of Christian women, had in her fright in seeing the priest whom she had known in Sydney come on board, and at his endeavour to speak with her, had confided whom she was to the captain, and he had ad vised her to speak with the "holy father" fearlessly, for he would stand by her. This captain was, we are informed, an Orangeman, and the priest was baffled. The lady is now happily married in England, and lias never shown any symptoms of mental derange ment. So that either the assertion that she was subject to mental aberration was a lie, or the unnatural life of the convent caused temDorarv aberration, and therefore was not her true vocation bb the priest would have her believe, but was opposed to the divine laws regulating human life. Convent life can be no good woman's vocation. The assertion that the lady in question was sub ject to mental aberration was, without doubt, a lie told to save the church from scandal, for according to Romish doctrine such a lie is meritorious not culpable. Davitt Screwed Up. — Mr. Davittt lectured lately at Oxford on Home Rule, and, by permission of the authorities, he slept at the University College as the guest of Mr. Spender, an undergraduate, who had merely asked leave for "a friend" without giving his name. This is stated to have roused much feeling among the undergraduates, and next morning toe aoor oi Jir. uavicrs room was found to have been firmly screwed up. He had to let himself down from the upper win dow by a sheet from the bed, and he reached the ground without apparent inconvenience. The news of this practical joke soon spread, and, from circumstances which have trans pired, it appears that the affair was carefully planned and carried out with such secrecy that the perpetrators have not been found. Nearly twenty screws had been put into the door. It is a very old custom when anyone objectionable is occupying college rooms to screw up the outer door, but as the punish ment for such conduot is of no trifling charac ter the risk is seldom incurred. Throughout the night Mr. Davitt was serenaded by a band in a neighbouring room, accompanied hearty choruses of such loyal tunes aB " God save the Queen," " Rule Britannia," and other loyal tunes. 