JESS. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. Amnion op " Kino Solomon's Mines." Chapter XXXI. — Jess Finds a Friesd. The Boers swnopod down on tbom with a stout, like a batvk our sparrow. John pulled up his horse and drew his revolver. "Don't, dou't,". cried Jess: "our onlv. chance is to be civil j" whereon, thinking better of the matter, ho replaced it, and wished the le iding Boor good day. " What aro you doing hero?" asked the Dutch man ; wliereou Joss explained that they had a pass — which John promptly produced — aud were proceeding to Mooifontein. " Ah, Om Crofts!" said the Boer as he took the pass, "you aro likely to meet a bury ing party there," and at tho time Jess did not understand what he meant He cyod the pass suspiciously all ovor, and then asked how it came to he stained with water. Jess, not daring to tell tho truth, said it had boon dropped into a puddlo. Tho Boer waa about to return it, whea suddenly his eye foil upon Jess's saddle. How is it that tho girl is riding on a man's saddle?" -ho asked, "Why, I kuow that saddio ; let me look at tho other side. Yes, there is a bullet hole through the flap. That is Swort Dirk's saddio. How did you get it?" " I bought it from him," answered Joss with out a momout's hesitation. "I could get. nothing to rido on." The Boer shook his head. "Thero are plouty of saddles in Pretoria," he said, " and thess aro not tho days when a man soils his sa.tdle to an English girl. Ahl and that other is a Boor saddle too. No Englishman has a saddio cloth like that. This pass is not sufficient," ho wont on in a cold tone; "it should have' been countersigned by tho local commandant. I must arrest you " Published by special arrangements vita (be author. All rights ressmkL Jess began to make further excuses, but he merely repeated, " I must arrest you," andgare some orders to tho men with him. i '.'We are in for it again," she said to John ; ' « and there is nothing for it but to go." "1 shan't mind so much if only they will give.us some grub," said John philosophically. "1 am half starred," '1 And I am half dead," said Jess with alittlo laugh. "I wish they would shoot us and have done with it." "Come, cheer up, Jess," ho answered; "perhaps the luck is going to change." Sho snook her head with an air of one who expects the worst, and then some gay yonng spirits among the Boers came up and made things pleasant by an exhibition of their polished wit, which they most exotcised at the . expense of poor Jess, whoso appearance was, as may well be imagined, exceedingly wretched and forlom; so much so that it would hare moved the pity of most people. But these specimensof the goldcnyouthofasimplopnstoral folk found in it a rich mine of opportunities. Thoy asked her if she would not like to ride straddle legged, and if she had bought her dress from an old Hottentot who had done with it, and if sho had been rolling about tipsy in tho veldt to get. all tho mud on it ; and generally availed themselves of tho unparalleled opportunity io ho witty at the expense of an English lady in soro distress. Indeed, one gay young dog was proceeding from jokes linguistic to jokes practical. Perceiving that Jess only kept her seat by the exercise of a curious faculty of balance, it occurred to him that it would be a fine thing to. upset it and mako her fall on her face. Accordingly, with a sudden twist of his rein, lie brought his' horse sharply against her wearied animal, nearly throwing it down ; hut she was too quick for him, aud saved herself by catching at the mane. Joss said nothing ; indeed, she made no answer to her tormentors, and fortunately John under stood very little of what they were saving. (Presently, however, the Boer made another at tempt, putting out bis band to give her a 6ly push, and as it happened John saw it, and the sight of the indignity made tho blood boil in liis veins. Bcforo ho could reflect on what he was doing ho was alongside of the man, and catching him by the throat, had hurled biin backwards OTcr his crupper, with all the force he could command. Tho man fell heavily upon his shoulders, and instantly there was a great hubbub. John drew his revolver, aud the other Boers raisod their rifles, and Jess thought that thero was an end of it, and put her hand bcforo her face, having first thanked John for nveng- ing the insult with a swift flash of her beautiful eyes. And, indeed, in another second it would have been all over had not tho older mau who bad taken the pass interposed ; the fact being that ho had witnessed the proceedings ihat led to liis follower's discomfiture, and, being a decent mau at bottom, had disapproved of them. " Leave them alone and put down those guns," he shouted. " It served Jacobus right, ho was trying to push the girl from her horso. Almighty 1 it is not wonderful thoso English call us brute beasts when you boys do such things. Put down your guns, I say, and ouc of you help Jacobus up. Ho looks as Eick as a buck with a bullet through it." Accordingly tho row passed over, and the playful Jacobus — whom Jess noted with satis faction teas exceedingly sick and trembled in every limb — was with "difficulty hoisted on to his horse, and proceeded on his journey witli not a bit of fun left in him. . A little while after this Jess pointed out a long low hill that lay upon the flat veldt, a dozen miles or so away, like a stone on a stretch of sand. "Look," she said, "thero is Mooifontcin, at last 1" "Wo are not there yet," remarked John sadly. Another weary half-hour passed, and then they suddenly on passing over a crest saw Hans Coetzeo's homestead lying down by the water in the hollow. So that, was where they were being taken to. Withiu 100 yards of the house the Boers halted aud consulted, except Jacobus, who went on, still looking Tory greon. Finally the elder man came to them aud addressed Jess, at the same time handing her back the pass. "You can go on homo," ho said. "Tho Englishman must stay with us till we find out more about him." "Ho soys that I can go. What 6hnll I do?" asked Jess. "I don't like leaving you with these men." 'Ho? why go, of course. I can look after myself ; and if I can't, certainly you won't be able to help me. Porhaps you will bo ablo to get somo help at the farm. At any rato you must go." "Now, Englishman," said tho Boer. " Good-bye, Jess," said John. " God bless you." "Good-bye, John," sho answered, looking him steadily in the eyes for a moment, and then turning away to hide tho tears which .would gather in her own. And thus they parted. She knew licr way now even across the oncn veldt, for sho dared not go by the road. There was, however, a bridle path that ran over the hill at tho back of the house, and for this she shaped her course. It was 5 o'clock by now, and both sho and her horso weroinaconditionof great exhaustion, which wus enhanced in her case by want of food and troublo of mind. But she was a strong woman and had a will like iron, and she held on where most women would have died. Jess meaut to get to Mooifontein somehow, and sho knew that she would get there. If she could only reach the place and get somo holp sent to her lover, she did not greatly care what happened to lier afterwards. The pace of the horse sho was riding got slower anil slower. From the ambling canter into which at first she managed to occasionally force it, and which is the best pace to travel at in Sonth Africa, it continually collapsed into a rough short trot, which was agony to her, riding as sho was, and from that into a walk,. Indeed, just before snnsct, or a little after 6 o'clock, tho walk bccamo ' final. At last they reached tho rising ground that stretched np tho slope to tho Mooifontein hill, and hero tho poor boast fell down utterly worn out, Jess slipped off and tried to drag it up, bnt foiled. It bad not a yard of go left in it. So sho did what she could, pulling off the bridle and undoing the girth, so that the saddle would fall off if tho horso ever managed to riso. Then die set fo wok to walk over tho bill. The poor horse watched her go with melancholy eyes, knowing that it was being deserted. First it neighed, then with a desperate effort struggled to its feet and ran after her a hundred yards or so, only to fall down again at lost. J ess turned and saw it, and, exhausted as she was,, she positively ran to get away from tho look in those big eyes. That night there was a cold rain, in which tho horso perished, as "poor' horses are apt to do. It was nearly dark when Jess at length reached the top of the hill and looked down. She knew the spot well, and from it sho could always see the light from the kitchen window of the house. To-night thero was no light. Wondering what it could moan, and feeling a fresh chill of doubt creep round her heart, she scrambled on down tho hill. When sho was abont half-way down a shower of sparks suddenly shot up into the air from the spot where tho house should bo, caused by the fall of a piece of wall into the smouldering embers be neath. Again Jess paused, wondering and aghast. Whnt could have happened ? Deter mined at all hazards to discover, she crept on very cautiously. Before she had gone another 20 yards, liowovcr, a hand was suddenly laid upon her arm. Sho turned quickly, too para lysed with fear to cry out, and as sho did so a voice ihat was familiar to her. whispered, " Missie Jess, Missio Joss, is it you?" into her ear. " I am Jantje. " She gave a sigh of relief, and her heart, which had stood still, began to move again. Here was a friend at lust. "I heard you coming down tlio hill, though you came so softly," lie said ; " but I could not tell. who it was, becauscd you jumped fromrock to rock and did not walk- as usual. But I thought it was a woman with boots ; I could not see because the light all fails dead against the hill, aud tho stars arc not up. So I got to the left of your path— for tho wind is blowing from the right— aad.waited till you had passed and winded you. Then I knew who you were for certain — cither you or Missic Bessie ; but Missio Bessie is sliut up, so it could not be her." "Bessie sliut up !" ejaculated Jess, not even pausing to marvel at the dog-like instinct that liad enabled tlic Hottentot to identify her. "What do you meau ?" "This way, Missie, come this way, and I will tell you," and he led her to a fantastic pile of rocks in which it was his wild habit to sloop. Jess knew the place well, and had often peeped in, but had never entered the Hottentot's kenuol. " Stop a bit, Missie. I will go and light a candle ; 1 have some in there, and they can't sec the light from outside," and accordingly he vanished. In a few seconds he returned, and, taking her by the sleeve, led her along a wind ing passago betweon great boulders till they camo to a beehole in tho rocks, through which she could sco tlio light shining. Going down on his hands and knees, Jaulje crept through and Jess followed him. She found herself iu a small apartment, about six fcctsqunrc by eight high, principally formed by the accidental fall ing together of several big boulders, and roofed iu by one great natural slab. Tho place, which was lighted by an end of caudle stuck upon tlio floor, was very dirty, as was to bo expected from a Hottentot's den, and in it woro collected an enormous variety of odds and ends. As, discarding a three-legged stool that Jantje offered her, Jess suuk down upon a pile of skins in the corner, her eye fell upon a collection worlliy of an old rag aud bone shop. The sides of the chamber were festooned with every imaginable garment, from the white full-dress coat of an Austrian officer down to a shocking pair of corduroys Jantje had "lifted" from the body of a bnshmau, which ho had discovered in his rambles, all in various stages of decay, the result of years of patient collecting, la the corners again woro sticks, kerries and two nssegais, a number of queer shaped stones and bono?, handles of broken tabic knives, bits of the locks of guns, portions of an American clock, and various other articles which this human jackdaw had picked up and hidden away here. Altogether it was a strange placo ; and it vaguely occurred to Jess, as she sank back upon the dirty Ekiiis, that, had it not been for the old clothes aud the wreck of tho American clock, she would liavc Ecen a very fair example of the dwellings of primiovnl man. " Stop before yon begin," she said. " Havo you anything to eat here ? I am nearly starv ing." . Jantjd grinned knowingly, and, grubbing in a heap of rubbish in tho corner, fished out a gourd with a picco of flat sheet iron on the top. It contained "mass" or curdled butter milk, which a woman had brought liim down that very morning from a neighboring kraal, and was destined for Jantje's own supper. Hungry as ho was himEelf, for he had had no food all day, he gave it to Jess without a mo ment's hesitation, together with a wooden spoon, and, squatting on the rock before her, watched hcr'oat it with guttural exclamations of satisfaction. Not knowing that she was robbing a hungry man, Jess ate the mass to tho last spoonful, and was grateful to feel the sensation of gnawing sickness lcavo hor. . " Now," sho 6aid, "tell me what you mean." Thereon Jantje began at tho beginning and related tho events of the day so far as he was acquainted with them. When he camo to where tho old man was dragged, with kicks and blows and ignominy, from his own house, Jess's eyes flushed and sho positively ground her teelh with indignation; audiis for her feel ings when sho learnt that ho. was condemned to death aud to be shot at dawn on the morrow, they simply baffle description. Of tlio Bessie complication Jantje' was quite ignorant, and could only toll her that Frank MuUer had au intorvicw with her iu tho littlo plantation, and that after that she was shut up in the store room, whore sho still was. But this was quite enough for Jess, who knew Midler's character better, perhaps, than anybody else, and was not by any means ignorant of his designs upon Bessio. A few moments' thought put the key of the matter into her hand. She saw now what was. the reason of tho granting of the pass, and of the determined and partially suc cessful attempt at wholesalo' murder of which they had been-tlie victims; . Sho saw, too, why her old uuelo had been condemned to . death — that was to be used as a lever with Bessio ; tho man was capable oven of that. Yes, sbe saw it all as clear as daylight ; and iu her heart sbo swore, helpless as she seemed to be, . that she would find away to prevent it. But what war? what way ? Ah, if only John wore here I But ho was not, so sho must act without him' if only she could soe the way to action. ' Sho thought first of all going down boldly and facing Mailer, and denouncing him as a murderer bo- fore his men ; but a moment's reflection showed that this was impraclieablo. For bis own safety he would be obliged to stop her mouth some- how, and the best she could expect would be to be incarcerated and rendered quite powerless. If only she could manage to communicato with Bessie 1 At any rato it was absolutely neces sary that she should know what was going on. She might as well he a hundred miles away 86 a hundred yards. "Jantje," sho said, "tell mo where the Boers arc." , " Somo are in tho waggon house, Missio some are on sentry, and the rest are down by the WRggon they brought with them and out- spanned behind tho gums there. The cart is there, too, that camo just before you did, with the clergyman in it." " And where is Frank Muller?" "I don't know, Missic; but ho brought a round tent with him in the waggon, and it is pitched between tho two big gums." " Joutjd, I must go down there and find out what is going on, und you must come with me." " You will bo caught, Missio., There is a sentry at the hack of the waggon houso, and two iu frout. But," he added, "perhaps we might got near. I will go out and look at tho night." Presently ho returned and said that a " small rain" had como on, and the clouds covered up the stars so that it was very dark. "Well, let us go at once," said Jess. " Missio, you had better not go," nnswerod the Hottentot. " You will get wet and the Boers will catch you. Better let me go. lean creep about like a snake, and if the Boers catch mc it won't matter." "You must come too, but I am going. 1 must find but." Then (lie Hottentot shrugged liis shoulders and yielded, and having extinguished tlio candle, silently as ghosts they crept out into the night. 