PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY AND REVS- STRONG AND DODS. a VlftWS OF T1IK llKV. G. WALTERS. The new lecture hull attached to tho Uni tarian Church now in couwo of erection on Eastern Hill was filled to ita utmost capacity on Sunday evening lost to hear tho Rev. G. Walters sneaU on tho subject of tho Presbyterian Assembly aud the Revs. Charles strong and uoorgo xkxib. In tlio course of his address, which was lirtteuod to throughout with tho closest atten tion, the crowded congregation being at tunes moved to audible expressions of assent and ap proval, the rev gentleman said , In announcing my subject for this evening, a week ago, I made referenco to n Rpeech of Uio Rev Mr M'Cay, in tho Presl»yte»ian Assombly, in which ho referred to the dispute with Mr Strong, and then used tho words; — "However much Ir Strong might havo drifted sinco thou into regions of deeper and darker doubt, there was, in the first instance. -hvir evidence tlmt 'could have convicted Inmoj .crcsy." I noticed .particularly tho phraso "regions of deeper aud darker doubt," und said that! should try to find 'out what thoso "regions" might be. lhit be fore doing this I think it will bo advisable to make some reference to the recent dcvclope- : mcnt of tho Scots' Church disnutt\ and to the I trial and condemnation ot tne Rev. George iDods. A few weeks nco, when tlio memorial ' ntone of our now church had boon laid, I read a lletlevof apology for absonco from Mr Strong, 'and casually remarked that, so far as 1 could ; judge, there was very little essential dHIerence ! between tho teaching of Mr Strong and my- BoU, so far as principles of faith were con- corned. The Daily Telegraph very naturally ; seized hold of this statement, mid argued that it formed some justification for thoso who 'had accused Mr Strong of leaning towards '"Uuitariamsni. For once, at least, I found 'myself practically in agreement with tho leading article of tho Daily Telegraph The Rev. G. Hons. Iu tho samo paper of yesterday week there .wai another article ou Mr Dods, in which re ference was again mmlo to iny 'remarks, which were evidently regarded as , compromising Mr Hods also. This articlo 'was brought tinder my notico by a friend, who (Baid he thought my previous reference to Mr Strong's Unitarian i>osition had done Mr :Dods no good in his contest with the Assem bly. Now, I should be very reluctaut to stipixwe that any wortls of mine ; would havo any great influenco on a ' trial of such importance, before so august and reverend a body as tho Presbyterian Assembly of Victoria; but if my words did have such influence in relation to Ir Hods, allow mo to 'say frankly and plainly that I am not sorry; !that I do not feel tho smallest atom of regret. -I was very much astonished, somo months ago, when Mr Hods forwarded a letter to the Melbourne Presbytery, purporting to givo his views on various doctrinal Kjints, which nro considered to be important by tho representa tives of orthodox Christianity. According to that letter Mr Hods was a most orthodox young man— almost more so than Professor Kenton! himself. From that tiino I began to fonu certain opinionswitli regard toMrDods's policy, and those opinions have only been con firmed by recent events. Tho Presbytery did not rcaoily accept his assurances of ultra- orthtxloxy, and I do not sco how any sane man would ex|>ect them to do so. What the Pres bytery wanted to know was— had Mr Hods been preaching orthodox sermons in Scots' Churcu? Ho would not show his manuscripts. Somo people said he dare not show them, and I am inclined to think that they were right. In- Btcad of doing so, ho made protestations of orthodoxy, which, however tho Presbytery put on one side, as though incredulous as to their sincerity. Now, surely no one will imagine that I have any sympathy with re ligious persecution— with an illiberal or tyran nical majority, with bigotry or fanaticism. I glory rather iu tne battle 4 for liberty of thought aud for a rational faith. But I will tell you what I dis like, oven more than I dislike bigotry and in tolerance — it is, to see a man (in popular phrase) sitting on the fence, and Jumping down on the side that promises the richest re ward. But sometimes ho jumps down too Intn I T JialiL-o fn «A>t n iiviti l.nvn rnmitl niion bis old companion and colleague, Mr Strong, and pretend that he was never really in sympathy with him. Tho speech delivered before the Assembly by Mr Hods, last Thurs day week, was described in tho A ryus as being "manly, independent and straightfor ward." Well, from tho Argus rej>ort of that speech 1 quote these words : — " I have had to suffer a great deal from what other people have done and said, and I believe I havo beon bearing the bnrdou of tho errors and transgressions of Mr Strong. I think I can conscientiously say that tnero is perhaps not a man in the .country at this timo who has less real sympathy with tho position and action of Mr Strong than I have." Now, was it manly to utter worth like theso?. Was it straight forward ? What has become of all the sympathy expended upon Mr Strong and Air Hods ? The latter never required it seemingly. %Vhat, again, was tho meaning of the ad miration for Mr Hods shown by so many of .the friends of Mr Strong? Wcro they mis taken all the timo ? Had they beon listening month after month to tho discourses of this clover young preacher, fancying that he was Blr Strong's friend, and that ho was a liberal theologian — when in truth, after nil, he was pioro orthodox that Professor Rcntoul, and had no real sympathy with Mr Strong, but was patiently bearing the burden of the sins and transgressions of tlieincst popular preacher tn Melbourne, tho latchets of whose shoos lie is not worthy to unloose. (Applause.) It is all very well for Mr Hods to challenge evidence as to tho heterodoxy of his preachiupriu tho past, and then to lock up his manuscript, which contains such evidence — or the contrary. I do not know it you look upon theso mutters in the same way as myself, nor need I very much care. I am here to speak my # own thoughts, and to givo expression to iny own convictions. More thau once during tho last two and a half years I have spoken in condemnation of certain actions of tho Melbourne Presbytery ; but nothing they ever did has filled me with suoh a feeling of contempt as this mock- heroism of Mr Hods, hits letter of professed orthodox, and bis speech before the Assembly, disclaiming sympathy with the Rev. Charles Strong, and coinplainiug that he has bad to suffer for tho misdeeds of that gentle man. "Privately," ho says, "I was a de fender of tho Melbourno Presbytery." Aud .yet this man bos the — — courage shall I call It ? to say that he believed that by raising his band or saying % few words he could at onco become Mr Strong's assistant again. Well, moat assuredly if Mr Strong and nis congregation aro so extremely anxious to get this vouug man who was, privately, the friend of the Pros- ;bytory. who had no sympathy with, but had to 'suffer, for the transgressions of MrStrong— that gentleman and his congregation must bo the ;most extraordinary people that ever existed an a religious society ! Is the Rev ;Mr Anderson of to t littlo account that they would cast him aaido to welcome to Itbeir arum the friend of tho Presbytery", and tho iiinu who is more orthodox, according to (bi lotter, than Professor lientoul. Just con 'eider, for a moment, tho "two fundamental axioms," with which Mr Hods started his Srofcssional lifo. He says : "One axiom is; 'ever interfere in any business tlmt doe.? not immediately concern you. Tho other is; Never express an opinion unnecessarily." Very good bo faros thoy go, but when they aro interpreted as Mr Hods's action forces us'to interpret them the' seem to read thus : First, mn with tlio hare and hunt with the hounds ; second, never commit yourself if you can help it. He tells us that Id'h ambition was, and still is, " to be a prominent member of tho Church of Scotland." x£Ls two fundamental axioms may be sufficient for ouch a position, but hn can scarcely hope to be a modern prophet, or to make his influence full in the great busy world of commercial, social, and political life. Wo want men who have opinions of their own, and who are not ashamed orafraid to utter thorn. Wo want want men who will apeak in the pufpit what they think iu tho study, and will not measure their utterances by the projudico of those who havo to listen to tncm. There was a certain American preacher— ho w.13 not a Unitarian— who learned to imitate the pronunciation of New York, Philadelphia, and Bos ton ; and just so, there aro preachers to-day who will suit their words to the people they have to address— v.-itl be orthodox or heterodox, as circumstances may require. To any such I would commend thoso words of Dr Bartol— 1 " My brother would fain be free. On judiciously selected points he is outspoken, and wins credit of courage and being independent. But his boldness is not boldness. Ho is not loyal to Ills lout and iuuermost belief, He thinks the timo has not come, or the peoplo aro unprepared. Ho will work at tho soil successive seasons before casting in the seed. But had prophets waited till every body was ready, would any reform have oc curred ? It is a battle of sontencoa theologians now fight, more than of thoughts. OIi ! orthodox or episcopal friend, you aro bravo only in spots." Tlio leaders of thought, in the present day, require to bo honest and outspoken. There ia not enough of simple sincerity in tho present world. Conway says, "It is the gangreno of our ago that it says ono tliing_ and incans 'another." Tees, this it is that is taking away pure and healthy life— that is eating into tho body of civilised society, and unless it bo checked will bring death all tho higher sentiments and nobler virtues. The doubt that sap# tho lifo Is doubt iialf crushed, half veiled— the lipasssut— Which finds no echo in the heart of hearts. THE Rev. Charles Strong. There was a time when Mr Strong's position was not so clearly defined as it is now, but since then, aocording w tlio Rev. Mr M'Cay, ho has been drifting into "regions of deeper and darker doubt." He has broken away from tho Presbyterian Church, and, in his independent position, feels himself at liberty to speak much more plainly than he did before, when his ser vices wore bold on Sunday afternoon, I took tho opportunity, sometimes, of listening to hi cultured and eloquent discourses. I havo toad such of his sermons as have been printed in tho daily papers. And T havo tio hesitation in saying that tho spirit, or general drift, of those sermon has been in perfect harmony with the spirit or tho general drift of our Unitarian movement. 1 will not say that Mr Strong agrees with tho Unitarians, but I can say that tho Unitarians agree with Mr Strong. 1 believo that some of his people are very indignant at tho mere idea that Mr Strong should be accused of preaching tho same doctrines or principle as " tlmt Mr Walters." (Laughter.) No doubt it is a very sad thing— a very dreadful thing. Uni tarian have wen looked \qxm as sucn fearful heretics ; they have been so misundor- stood, and "their faith has been so much and so grossly misinterpreted, that many people think it almost a disgrace to be classed in any way with, tho Unitarians. And yet, what is tho actual state of affairs ? In this city tho Uni tarian Church has for year been proclaiming a form of free and rational religion, to which Mr Strong and hi present congregation have practically come at last. I do not say that thoy nro bound to call it Unitarian ; but I do say that tho fundamental principle upon which the new congregation has been formed aro essentially tho same as those of any liberal Unitarian congregation; and I use tho term liberal Unitarian because there are churches in England and Ireland connected with our denomination that have not so broad aud liberal a basis as that of tho new Australian Church. Well, whether they like it or not, the members of tho Australian Church are standing in Mm same j>osition, arc moving upon the same lines, are proclaiming tho same principle of faith as tiro mem ber of this— the Unitarian Church, Fur this wo aro not responsible. This church 1ms not changed its fundamental principles. If they did not wish to coincide so nearly with our faith and work, they should have been more careful aiul precise when drawing up the basis of congregational union. We have no desire to claim that congregation M a Unitarian congregation— because Uni tarians are not, aa a rule, afraid or ashamed to avow, oixuily and publicly, that which they believe. (near, hear). But this is certain, and cannot be got over by any timid heretic— tho basis of union in tho Australian Church is essentially tho same as that in our liberal Unitarian Churches, aud tho teaching of Mr Strong is decidedly more advanced thau that of some of our Unitarian minister in the North of Ireland. And vot Mr Strong dare not come and occupy tills pulpit, nor dare ho invite me to occupy In. It matters very littly to me. By this time, I am pretty well used to standing alo no, and I am fav too proud to seek for recognition where it is not freely granted, or to expect brotherly charity from anyone until I actually experience it. There used to bo a Methodist preacher iu Bostou, who allowed a Unitarian to occupy his pulpit. Ono day an orthodox clergyman was looking . over tho meeting houst but a refused to enter the pulpit because a Unitarian had been in it. Tho brave and liberal old Methodist went down on his knees, upon the pulpit stairs, and said : " O Lord ! deliver us, in .Boston, from two things, bad rum and bigotry— Thou knowest which is worst, for I don't !" I cannot speak as to tho quantity of bud rum there may be iu Melbourne, hut I am sure there is plenty of bigotry. I know of one clergyman iu this city who is willing and anxious to exchange pulpits with mo for a Sunday, but certain members of his congregation object, aud so ho must bow to circumstnuces. I am not re ferring to Mr Strong, but to one who is much further removed from tho Unitarian position than Mr Strong is. I was once invited a lo an exchango of pulpits by n Congregatio at minister ; but as ho was a missionary, and his church was in Hong-Kong, it was a very safe invitation to give. . Personally, I rejoice at tho good work Mr Strong is doing in Melbourne. He 19 a man of such peculiar attractions that his influence must bo felt by men aud women of various type ot intellectual ana spiritual culture. If there is such a thing a spiritual attraction iu men, 5ou will find that in Mr Strong. According to the Rev. Mr M'Cay, ho has boeu drifting into " regions of deeper and darker doubt"— which, I suppose, means that ho has been drifting further from the- old orthodox position, and .. into a region of free and rational faith— a region that I myself caunot very well distin guish from that which we call Unitarianism — though he himself would probably repudiate such a designation. But why should It be thought such a dreadful thing for Mr Strong to bo drifting into a region of doubt. Hid not BunyanV Pilgrim havo to pas through HoubtingJ Castlo before he could reach the celestial city ? Very often the man who is looked upon a tho doubter, be lieve wore, and believe more firmly thau his accusers I could never glory I could never rejoice, in tho absolute loss of faith. I could not regard with indifference even the loss of a believing heart. Mr Walter repeated a short poem that carried tho lesson that the loss of a "believing heart " we heavier loss than that of fortune, honors, friends or loved ones ; that it was " life's last and heaviest loss." He went on to say: But in his drifting away from the old orthodox question, had Mr Strong been ex pressing -the loss of a believing heart! I should fancy not. Certainly not, if he has not been approaching nearer to the essential principles of our Unitarian faith ; because wc claim tliat we have a system of positive faith, a system of belief founded' not upon tradition or superstition, but upon the testimony of nature and the human heart, founded upon universal experience, and upheld by philosophy and science. It is not by any means a realm of darkness into which Mr Strong has been advancing, so far as we can judge from his more recent utterances. Tho light of reason is better than tho dim candle light of orthodox theology He seems to have given up the old doctrine as to. tho inspiration and authority of tho Bible. How far he will go in this direc tion is not, at present, quite clear to me, but one of the most recently published of his ser mons proves that he has drifted a long way from the position that he must have held as a Presbyterian minister. But this does not mean that he has beou losing any of the good that there is in the Bible. It does not mean that he is casting aside the lessons that tho book contains. Simply as ancient literature, the various book of the Bible are valuable to mankind. They are all the more valuable when divested of the false glamour of supernaturalism, and when they are looked upon rationally as tho fragment of a marvellous literature, as broken pieces of history, poetry, philosophy and romance. The Bible has been a tyrant over the intellect of man ; but its day of triumph as such an authority is well nigh ended It is being re garded now as " the unconscious record of the development of a great people's religion ideas from the lowest Fetishism and Mythology up to the lofty Monotheism of Jesus." And with this change of view in relation to the Bible must come, I imagine, a change of view with reference to tho being and character of God. The old mysteries about Trinity in Unity, about tho co-relationship of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, all this is left behind, and a brighter, simpler faith takes possession of the soul. Proceeding to speak of the "liberal faith"he had referred to, Mr Walters said that it believed that God was Our Father, and that His love was ever seeking to bless and comfort- all IIis earthborn children. If this latter was indeed a region of deeper and darker doubt, then let him (Mr Walters) pentrate to tiro deepest and darkest a corner, fur there should |10 find, 3imdcmo3tplainlyevkUnt, the goodness of the EternalParent, tlioro would HissmiiSof welcome chase away tiro sadness and sorrow of life, and there upon the bosom of Almighty Love could lie trust himself for tinro ami for eternity. There. mvjJ 'UiU.il-ciea with this theme, out bcyonu all possibility of doubt or scepticism there would be the deep asssuranco of God' perfect providence ; and tho heart of man might say, even iu the darkest hour of trial anu distress "i know not where lli.i island lilt Their fronded palm in air ; i only know i cannot (lrllt Beyond Ills iovo and care." Ho did not wish to say much abont Mr Strong's position with referenco to tho nature of Christ, because, he did not wish to misrepre sent him in the slightest degree, and ho did not recollect any distinct utterance on this point, llo thought, however, that Mr Strong would reject the doctrine of Christ being abso lutely God, and that he would accept Him as a great teacher, as our great Example. Once more, with regard to the future life, he thought that Mr Strong must have long ago drifted far away from the doctrine of ctcriml torment. That was a doctrine that was utterly repugnant to any man who had even begun to frro himself froin tho bondage of Orthodox ideas. And yet this terrible, this horrible dogma of an eternal hell was defended by men- like their near neighbor, tho Rov. Allan Webb, of tho Albert strcot Bap tist Chapel. The doctrine was enforced from the pulpit by men whose gentle lives were themselves contradictory to so base a creed. And yet the man who gave up this God-dishonoring doctrine, and who believed that God was absolutely love, who put away the dogma of hell fire and believed that tho Eternal' Father would ultimately bring every prodigal safely home to Himself, such a - man, in the opinion of the orthodox Presbyterians, was drifting into regions of deeper and darker doubt ! "No ! Oh, no!" continued the rev. gentle man, emphatically, "reverend fathers of the Presbyterian Assembly, you are the doubter ! You doubt tho infinite and eternal love of God ! You bring tho dark shadow over the pathway of mankind ! I convict you as being infidel, or unfaithful, to that revela tion of God's infinite power and Affection, which is tho true gospel of tho life and death of Christ. If your doctrines of eternal torments be true, then it is a crime to bring children into the world. If that doctrine be true, immortality is our greatest possible curse, and tho Devil reign triumphant in God's universe. It is from this orthodox region of deepest and darkest doubt that many of us have been delivered, and we thank God for our freedom ! We are not tho doubter. Your Calvinism is a system of dis belief ; but ours is tho higher and brighter faith— faith in God, in Christ, in Heaven, in tho progress of man in this world, and his pos sibilities of growth in tho. world beyond tho veil of death." In conclusion, Mr Walters urged the friends of the Liberal Faith, whether belonging to the Unitarian Church or not, by whatever name they might call themselves, to proclaim their faith in all tho circumstances of life, testate it boldly and apeak it manfully, and tho world would honor them for their sincerity, while it .would be none the less likely to embrace that faith when it saw how it made its disciples courageous, honorable, manly, and sincere. To his friends of the Unitarian Church ho said that it was their duty to keep well in tho van guard of liberal thought aud enterprise. Though some might think that they were drifting into region of deeper and darker doubt, yet they knew that tho region of their faith was bright with tho Love of God and tho Hope of Immor tality ; and they saw in tho distance the celes tial city, tho free faith of a redeemed and per fected humanity. 