"TALBOT FANE , BACHELOR." I INT THREE BOOKS. By "ATHA." Authob of " Puck Pieiimont," " Othe People's Money," " Maobis and Pakehas," " Fibe," " Kiobani," " Gadabout Papebs," " Living ob Dead," " Austbalian Elves," &c.;, &c.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER VII J. NpMf HE day had darkened into the short twilight of Mp I a New Zealand summer evening ere General Ashford 7 returned to Glencourt. Sergeant Gunn, who had been R | on the watch for the arrival of his master, ran down to meet him. Throwing the reins of his steed to a groom, the General nodded to his old servant, and passed onward with a slow step to the house. Gunn followed. 4 If you please, sir, there are two gentlemen waiting to see you.' 4 To see me, Sergeant ?' 4 Yes, General.' 4 Who are they ?' 4 Mr. Thornton, the lawyer, and — and — another gentleman,' replied the veteran, with some hesitation. 4 Oh, Thornton. Very well, let dinner be served, and say I'll join him directly.' The Sergeant saluted, wheeled about and marched off, but returned directly before his master had gained his apartment. 4 Sir, Mr. Thornton has been here since morning, and bade me acquaint him at once when you returned. Shall I say you will see him before dinner ?' 4 Of course, if Mr. Thornton desires it. Be good enough to say I'm at his service.' 4 Thank you, General,' cried the old lawyer, appearing at the moment from the other side of the corridor. 4 We will not trouble the Sergeant to carry your message,' he added, advancing and shaking his friend by the hand. 4 Glad to see you, Thornton. Come in.' Philip Thornton turned to the dragoon, and whispered a few words in his ear, then followed the master of Glencourt into his private room. Their greeting over, the lawyer said : — 4 My old friend I have taken a liberty in calling upon you at such an untimely hour, but I trust you will pardon the in trusion for the sake of auld lang syne. I am the harbinger of news.' The General is in the act of pulling off his overcoat, but pauses to look at the other. 4 News, Phil ? What news?' 4 Well, good news, I trust, but it will depend entirely on the way you receive it,' returns the lawyer. The General takes off his coat and gloves. Then stands musing a moment with his back to the fireplace. 4 Thornton, I am a plain man,' he answers. 4 Whatever you have to com municate, I pray you say it in plain English.' 4 There are some matters that are not to be given in plain Eng lish, General,' responds Thornton, seating himself near where the General is standing. 4 Allow me to ask you a question. Have you ever heard from your son, Talbot ?' The words were scarcely uttered, when the speaker saw the General straighten himself as if he had received a sudden blow. His face changed from red to white, and from a deathly pallor to an ashen grey. Alarmed, the lawyer jumped to his feet, and reached for the bell rope. 4 No, no, it is nothing old friend — a passing spasm,' says the other in a husky voice, and waving the lawyer to his seat. 4 Unfortunately my liver is none of the soundest after ten years' service in India. You mentioned something about my son. What was it ?' 4 1 asked if you had ever heard from your boy, Talbot, since he left you,' repeats Thornton, standing before his companion, and looking earnestly into his pale face. 4 Look you, Ash ford, I take the privilege of our friendship to tell you that I, Phil Thornton, a crusty bachelor, ignorant alike of the subtle feeling paternal, and the joy of married life — love this boy of yours as if he was flesh of my flesh. My dear old friend, why should you and I make a wall of words ? You have a son ' 4 1 had ,' interrupted the General quickly, with a passionate gesture of his arm. 4 1 had a son, but he sought to dishonour me.' 4 Not so, sir. Youth is ever prone to err when temptation leads the way. Dishonour means lying, cheating, and what not. To be dishonourable is to trick, co-.en, deceive, and de fraud, and if I know anything of the world and its ways, one who practises such deception must be a man well up in artifice, finesse, and imposture. Will you tell me that Talbot Ashford was, or ever could be such an one ?' 4 A gambler, and a profligate,' muttered the General, with writhing lips. 4 Neither, sir, I'll stake my reputation,' returned the attor ney, hotly. 4 The poor lad, totally unacquainted with dis honour, was but the dupe of those who practised it. Else he would not have acted as he did.' 4 I cannot enter the lists with you, Phil,' responded the General, turning his white face toward his friend. 4 Words are your weapons — logic your profession,' 4 Just so. You haven't the ghost of a case,' said the law yer, with a grim smile. 4 Now look here, I don't want an argument ; it would spoil my dinner. Here is a letter received by me yesterday ; could you guess who sent it ?' General Ashford locked his thin hands rigidly together, but made no reply. 4 Will you have the courtesy to read it?' cried Thornton, holding the missive towards him. 4 Why should I peruse your correspondence, Thornton ?' 4 Because it concerns you.' The old man took the letter in his trembling hands. While he placed his gold spectacles on his nose, Philip Thornton rose from his seat, and became all at once deeply interested in a valuable oil painting at the other end of the apartment. This picture was a gem in its way, and had been painted by one of the first masters of the day. Subject — " The Return of the Prodigal." In its application, the artist had taken a de parture from the well-known scriptural story. Yet it was the same matter and material as that which happened a thousand years ago, which happened ten thousand years before that, nay which happens every day of our lives. The old lawyer had seen the painting a hundred times or more. He knew by heart every streak of light and shade in it ; from the dull, leaden, English sky, to the two solitary figures in the foreground. The limping, weary, repentant youth, and the forgiving, loving father with outstretched arms, but notwithstanding his previous knowledge of these things, Philip Thornton looked long and with all-absorbing interest. He had expected some token of approval or dissent from his companion — some exclamation or word, whereby be might guage the feelings of the General towards his prodigal, but in this the lawyer was disappointed. Turning his gaze from the picture to his companion, Thornton beheld the letter fallen to the floor. The General's white head lay upon his breast as if he slept, but the broad chest rose and fell in strong and pent- up emotion. Noiselessly opening the door, the lawyer glided out into the corridor, where Fane and the Sergeant stood ex pectantly. ' Go in, Talbot, and Heaven bless you, my boy,' whispered Thornton, and the prodigal entered. Philip Thornton immediately closed the door on the outside. ' Look here, Gunn,' he cried to the Sergeant, ' I'm on sentry over this room, fetch me a glass of wine and a biscuit, and order dinner to be put back for one hour. If you allow any of the womankind to come beyond yon corridor, egad, I'll have you tried by a court martial. Now, begone.' ' I'd like to shake hands with you, sir. Damme, I would !' answered the old fellow, with tears in his eyes. ' So you shall. Now, march.' The grim oldfashioned eight-day clock that stood in a niche in the stairway struck nine as General Ashford came forth to dinner leaning on his son's arm. A radiant smile, full of hope and trust for the near future, was in his face now. Father and son had been two hours closeted together, and the lawyer was almost famished with hunger. They sat down together, a happy trio, their only attendant, Sergeant Gunn. It was a quiet meal. Two of the three were not in a talkative mood, and the third was too hungry to talk. When the repast was ended, however, and the veteran had departed to retail the news of the return of his young master, conversation began to flow. Perhaps the wine had something to do with the change. Among other things, Talbot detailed, in a brief, concise way, the conversation overheard by him at the inn, and also what he had afterwards learned from Allen Grange respecting Cap tain Trenton. Philip Thornton said not a word during the narration of facts with which the reader is already acquainted, but beat his fingers on the table before him in a kind of glib monotony. It was a way he had of forging his mental links of evidence together. When the young man had finished, the lawyer said : — ' I confess I was in doubt respecting your identifying the man at the how d'ye call it — ' Golden Dolphin.' What strange names are given to publichouses ; but the key to the whole business lies in the information imparted by the man Grange, providing of course his assertion is correct, viz., that our quondam Captain is the convict Yane. To a professional man like myself, the case seems as clear as circumstances can make it. First we have a den of unprincipled gamesters at Monseprat (don't hang your head, my dear Talbot). With such base rascals robbery, or even murder, is only a matter of time and opportunity. We have a lore bird in the girl Riah, and the head of the blacklegs also in the person of her sire. The chief is suddenly cut off, and most of the crew disperse to fresh fields and pastures new. One of the band gets his conge , but escapes. He is a bold, long-headed fellow, this Vane. Every avenue to his detection is guarded skilfully save one — and that one he leaves open to a woman. From Queen Cleo patra, who with her silken sail, lured the warlike and kingly Antony to his doom — down to my Lady Tigertail — women have been, and will be the downfall of any man who is fool enough to trust them. The escaped felon becomes compara tively wealthy. Riah Barjew flies to his arms again. Ergo ! her brother, who has given up swindling, and turned bush ranger, discovers the nest. This man has confederates, who learn the secret. What follows ? Your diplomat sees his dan ger, and schemes quietly to get the whole troop hanged out of his way. Pass the wine, General.' ' It appears absurd to link Captaiu Trenton with a low, rascally swindler, and thief,' said the General, thoughtfully. ' Ah, you are a soldier, sir. With you men are what they seem, but with us it is different,' said the attorney. ' It is only another proof of the fellow's skill, in having apparently so well ingratiated himself in your favour. What say you, my son ?' and he turned to Talbot. ' Ithinkyouhave summed up the whole case, sir. My opinion is, that Captain Trenton and Jasper Yane are one and the same person. Nay, I should have little hesitation in taking oath upon it. I have good cause to remember this man.' The General turned with an imploring look towards the speaker, which said as plain as if he had spoken, ' Let the sinful past rest, my boy.' Keen and quick to note and interpret men's glances, the lawyer came to the rescue. ' Well, well, Talbot, lay down that formidable knife, I pray. We will leave the Captain in the hands of his whilom servant, Allen Grange, for the nonce. And now what is to be done with reference to the intended visit of Paul Barjew, and his confederates. Remember this is the night they promised to search for your treasures, General, and it is getting late.' ' The treasures have been removed from Glencourt, Phil,' answered the other. ' These ruffians will find nothing — except perhaps a warm reception for their pains.' ' Will you send for the police ?' General Ashford laughed. ' My dear fellow, not I. Glen court is able to protect itself against all the bushrangers in the colony.' ' Glad to hear it. What are you going to do with my humble self, let me ask ?' 1 Send you home with an escort.' ' Indeed 1' with a vicious snap in his voice. ' I suppose you think because I'm a lawyer I can't fight ? Look here, I'll stay and have a bang at the ruffians. That's settled.' Talbot Ashford rang the bell, and the Sergeant appeared immediately. ' Gunn,' said he, ' we have received information that a party of bushrangers are intending a raid here sometime to-night.' The Sergeant's eyes began to scintillate like those of a tiger cat, and he straightened himself as stiff as a ramrod. ' Thunder and smoke, we will make the rascals smell brimstone if they come.' < Have you any fighting men about the place ?' ' Three, sir. Only three that can be depended on,' replied the old veteran. ' Grange, myself, and the groom, who hap pens to be an old policeman.' ' Very well. Arm these men and wait for me at the entrance to the west end of the terrace.' Night grows on apace. A dark lowering night with a rising wind, coming moaning over the uplands girding the ocean. 