DISTRICT NEWS. LFnoM OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS.] MORPETH. BAND BALL.-After a wearisome day spent now on the bosom, anon on the banks of the murky and uninviting Hunter River, our spirits buoyed up, it is true, by heavenly sounds of harmony from the band, occasional glimpses of exquisite toilets and fascinating faces, to say nothing of agreeable reunions with companions whose pleasantness and amiability safely steered us o'er the rocks and shoals of ennui, we felt however a sense of gratified relief on discerning the shades of evening gathering about the dispersing crowd and shunning all other allurements, stole away to prepare ourselves for the to us irresistible attraction of the approaching night-the band ball. Perhaps it was this very feeling of expectant bliss that made us less obser- vant of events that occurred during the regatta that wore worthy of record-for instance the splendid pulling of J. M'Phillips-or ludicrous incidents which if they did not add to its success relieved it for the time of its tameness. However this may be, we trust our readers can appreciate our feelings when on entering the hall of the School of Arts our most sanguine expectations were at once realized. At the time the music happened to be silent, but there was that pleasant babel of voices which denotes social satisfaction and ease, and which by its perceptible though unex- pressed power rendered us at once in touch with the animated, beautiful, and graceful throng who encircled the hall or flitted hither and thither with the elastic step natural to youth, happiness, and dancing in combination. Another moment and the clear voice of Mr. George Harvey, the Master of Ceremonies announced a dance, and a most bewitching transformation scene made up with divine harmony and rhymicol motion suc- ceeded to the lull of quiescent grace and statures que sublimity. How is it that there is so much difference in dancing by daylight and candlelight ? Doubtless many of our fair readers have tripped tlie light fantastic in broad daylight, but we think they must admit that the exercise laeks that special charm that it assumes when the bewitching hours of night have set in and Hrtifieial lights shed their more delicate illuminations o'er the scene. The above remarks were called forth by the striking difference of the dancing displayed on board the flagship at the Regatta and the fervid, exhilarated, and animated bearing of the terpsichorean votaries at whose shrine we had the extreme felicity of paying our homage during the night. It is almost needless to say that despite the attractions of other affairs of the kind in the district, owing to the well established popularity of the band, who always supply such excellent music, there was a ciowded house. Indeed the balls held by the band have always been so admirably carried out that success celava sans dire, and in spite of unproptitious weather 01 other attractions the magic spell of their music acts like a magnet that is not to be belied. May the sun of their prosperity never grow dim. During the well deserved spells, considering the arduous day's work the bandsmen had already gone through, de- lightful dance music was rendered by Mr. P. R. M'Neal (piano) and Mr. Jas. Hickey (violin), also Mr. James Hain. We feel sure we are but feebly stereotyping the opinions of all present, both the band and the dancers, when we convey to them our most hearty appreciation and grateful acknowledg- ments of their voluntary zeal in thus freely bes- towing the gifts with which they are endowed so as to add to the happiness and enjoyment of all. During the commencement of the evening the band was under the leadership of Master Albert Barkel, who gives every promise of worthily following in the footsteps of his talented father. About 11 o'clock Mr. W. Barkel, who had just arrived from Single- ton, lent an additional charm to what erstwhile had appeared to be perfection by the silvery tones of his unsurpassed playing. It may have been partly due to the fatigues experienced throughout the day, or the warmth of the night, but at any rate the refreshments provided by that experienced caterer Mrs. Dunn were highly appreciated by everyone. For our own part we felt greatly cheered with some excellent tea and the tropical luxury of a pine was as refreshing as it was appropriate on that sultry night. Although more substantial viands were to be liad, we felt in too ethereal a state of bliss co be tempted. By no very great stretch of imagination we fancied ourselves banqueting with the gods, fruit and tea supplying the place of ambrosia and nectar, whilst the divine mythology did not lack worthy representatives in the different styles of beauty around us. But enough of this : to those who were present any attempt to describe the graceful motions, to reproduce the impression im- printed on the mind by the tout ensemble of the scene, or to endeavour to fathom the emotions of those "whose eyes spoke love to eyes that spoke again," would be as futile as trying to paint the lily ; on the other hand, those who were not present can form but a faint impression of the happy scenes of revelry which existed during this 9th November night. Had we to gauge the loyalty of her Majesty's subjects by the concourse of people who were as- sembled on the banks of our river in the morning and those who were met together in social happiness during the evening, we should feel inclined to im- peach the former with an apathetic want of apprecia- tion of the day they celebrated, not excepting those few who in reality were worshipping at the shrine of Bacchus-whilst to the latter, more especially the adorable gentler sex, we should feel inclined to distinguish as loyal and devout upholders of the constitution under which they lived, and whose actions we should delight to think might be taken as emblematic of the devotion in which his Royal Highness is held. Before entering on the difficult and delicate topics involved in describing lovely, tasteful, and dainty toilets, we wish to point out to some of the fair onlookers on the stage that they must not attribute it to any want of gallantry on our part that we did not endeavour at least to per- suade them to join in the mazy dance, when we felt confident that their every pulse throbbed and beat in unison with the sweet cadences. They came there, we presume, to have a glimpse of para- dise, but from various causes were not prepared to enter therein. We now come to our most invidious task-the selection of belle. Perhaps it is with a courage as well as minute attention to details worthy of a better cause that wo do not shrink from our 6elf- imposed duty, when we consider that we may unwittingly cause the slightest pang to flutter even for a moment in any breast. Besides, however, using our own judgment to the best of our ability, we canvassed the opinion of various others of both sexe3, and although some of these went as far as saying such and such a one looked very nice, or that they admired so and so very much. We are happy in stating that the most unqual'fied praise was awarded to the one whom our own unaided judg- ment had decided upon, as in every way worthy to carry off the palm. For the rest we now leave it in the hands of our readers to uphold our taste by giving a description of our chosen one, as well as several of the most enchanting ones, whose figures, toilets, and dancing combined formed each one a perfect picture, which it has seldom been our lot to meet with in one assembly at the same time. To commence then with the belle, a dark girl with a soft creamy complexion lit up with beautiful eyes, whose power, we trow, unconsciously kindled many a flame that night doomed to be smothered in its inception. Her attire was a happy combin- ation which for osthetic taste, as well as suita- bility to the wearer, rivalled everything in the hall. The ivory whiteness of her magnificently modelled neck and shoulders shewed to advantage against her pale-blue satin jacket trimmed with lace of the same shade, whilst the vivid crimson of the poppies in her bosom displayed a most felicituous taste for happy contrasts. The skirt consisted of navy blue canvas cloth with alternate stripes of cardinal and pale-blue interwoven, and the graceful and well proportioned draperies at the back, and on one side of navy blue bordered with cardinal and pale-blue complete the most exquisite toilet that it was our pleasure to scrutinize. Reluctantly leaving the manifold charms of the belle, we now come to another dark girl-to behold whom was but to admire-through whose clear skin the rich blood be- comingly mantled. She wore a refreshing pea-green tarletan costume, consisting of semi- low necked bodice and elbow sleeves trimmed with white lace, the front drapery and fall likewise trimmed with lace ; also silver sprays and ornaments. Her raven locks were also adorned with silver sprays. We now have to describe a fair girl, whose beautiful hair was becomingly plaited behind,_ decked with silver sprays, and who looked charming attired in a cream satin bodice, cut waistcoat fashion, and elbow sleeves trimmed with cream lace ; adorn- ments-Eilver sprays and pearls round the neck. The skirt of ajoffc cream material (delaine) with ' red spots (flowers) trimmed with cream lace, and set off with handsome flowered satin ribbons. Another exceedingly pretty dark girl, whose ex- cellent figure was attired in a semi-low pink lace bodice, or pink ground work covered with white lace and beautifully draped white muslin skirt, was without exception much admired by everyone present. Another girl, petite, with short jet-black hair out of which shone a band of glittering steel, looked most bewitching dressed in a pale blue satin bodice, trimmed with white lace and square cut pink satin bib at the back and front ; the white muslin skirt adorned with pink ribbons with a deep border of pale blue satin round the bottom. Another fair girl, whose presence graced the gathering, was attired in exquisite taste in a pale blue oatmeal cloth costume with cardinal plush round the neck and plain waistcoat of the same material, the whole trimmed with old gold lace, box-pleated skirt and drapes falling with a natural graeefulness that would have been liable to have caused envy even in the breast of an ancient Athenian. Yet another fair girl wore a costume of some soft creamy material sprayed with cardinal spots and trimmed with cardinal plush. And another whose pleasing countenance attracted universal homage was dressed in white with silver ornaments and cardinal velvet round the neck and sleeves. Our little fairy with her violet eyes, and hair done back, wore a cream flowered dress and a pretty necklace composed of shells. We were also much struck with a lovely frizzy auburn head of hair that shaded a profile of Egyptian regularity of features. The happy owner was dressed in black, with black velvet bodice and draperies. We may here mention that costumes such as the last were rendered none the easier to get a proper description of by the not very brilliant kerosene which was used in the lamps, and to make matters worse 'two of these gave up the ghost at a somewhat early period in the evening. Amongst other pretty and handsome costumes which we had not the opportunity to study in detail, we noticed the following :-Cardinal jacket and sash, cream skirt ; pale pink muslin trimmed with white lace ; white, pink sash, and flowered ribbons the same hue ; black, handsome blue sash in a loop in front and forming the fall at the back; white polonaise and cream pleated skirt ; cardinal satin bodice and sash, black satin draperies trimmed with cardinal lace; black, draperies tastefully arranged, and birds-eyed with cardinal spots. OBITUARY.-On the 9th November Mr. Thomas Moffitt, for many years a prominent storekeeper as well as alderman in this town, breathed his last at his residence near Sydney. His mortal remains were conveyed hither by steamer on the following Thursday, and dosposited in their last resting place, by the side of his departed wife's, in the Presbyterian burial ground. The funeral service was impressively performed by the Rev. A. K. Corner. The deceased had attained 59 years at the time of his demise, and leaves an only daughter, now some time married. Morpeth, 12th November, 1886. 