RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT. AT a well To the Editor. jars Sib, Over the signature 'P ' I notaoedtne other day in your evening contemporary a letter bearing upon the above subject a letter so sensible that I was certainly astonished to find it where I did. Not that 'P's' remarks had anything very original about them, for all he had to say I have seen expressed over and over again in the editorial columns of the West Australian. But that a ' Refermer ' should actually acknowledge that Ministerial Government is not likely to prove a panacea for every ill, and should refuse foolishly to blind himself to the fact that without good men to work it little that is satisfactory can be expected from it, marks him an exceptionally honest and thoughtful man, for Reformers,' as a rule, get over every difficulty either by simply ignoring it or by repeating parrot-like certain, vague set phrases which they have adopted as the shibboleths of their political creed. I agree with "P " in almost everything except in this that he apparently admires Government by party in the abstract, whereas I do not. The wretched evils bred of faction fight for power and place in my opinion far outweigh what advantages the system may possess. In holding this opinion I consider myself fully justified by what of recent years has been taking place at home and not at home, merely, but in these colonies also, where public affairs never seem to be so well conducted, nor the people so contented and so prosperous as when for a time politicians, becoming wearied of incessant conflict, agree to set aside their party differences and to coalesce. Truly, we are a conservative race, or we should never submit to reproduce in every seperate community we found a system of Government be full of obvious inperfeo tions, as that form which the British Constitution has of recent years assumed. I had hoped there was a chance that West Australians might out of their present constitution have gradually evolved one, which would have avoided the grosser evils of that of the usual Ministerial Type. How this might have been effected I am quite prepared to show were it worth my while to do so, which, in present circumstances, it probably is not. But why I write on this occasion is to follow up P's remark that Responsible Government depends for its success on the men who support it and that it will require " a commanding brain, a leading voice and a firm hand to steer the newly manned ship aright." It is simply pitiable to see the ' Liberal' party crying like children for Responsible Government without the ghost of an idea what, when they get it, they will do with it. It cannot be too strongly nor too frequently insisted upon that Responsible Government, in itself, can do nothing for the colony that it is a form of Government, which, for its successful application, depends wholly and solely upon the active intelligence, upon the well applied commonsense and political instinct, of the community, and upon the calibre, honesty, ability and personal influence of the men who can be secured to take a leading part in its working. That these men will have something far more difficult to do than merely to run administrative departments is a fact which it seems impossible to make ' Reformers' comprehend And when we consider both how totally indifferent is the general public to the importance of the question at issue, and how totally wanting also-with scarcely more than one exception-is the active ' Reform' party in leaders who have the slightest pretension to political experience or statesmanship, it is not to be wondered at that the more thoughtful and prudent men amongst us decline to join at present in the movement. The leaders of that movement are forced to recognise the fact that they have say but one, possible Minister amongst them, for when challenged upon this point they never venture to put forward any names, but content themselves with airily declaring that when the occasion arises the men will be found. No doubt they will be found. Good men in the future, after some experience and training, will doubtless seek prominent positions in public life, and, judging from the experience of our neighbours, very indifferent and even bad men, politically, will also worn themselves, or orate themselves into office. But what ' Reformers ' refuse to see is that those who criticise their platform are not referring to the future be much as to the present. Successfully to introduce party government and to work it until experience in public life shall have fitted outsiders to take part in administration, there must necessarily be a set of good men to begin with; raw recruits would utterly fail. Suitable men we have, but only one of them has, as yet, declared himself to be prepared for work under a system of Ministerial responsibility. And the policy of Reformers ' hitherto has been instead of seeking to attract the rest, to sneer at and depreciate them. A more suicidal line of action could not possibly have been adopted. As you, Sir, have frequently pointed out, and as P in his letter to your contemporary points out, the right course for Reformers to pursue is to enlist by every means in their power the sympathies of the very best men in the community, those most fitted for political work. This is their only chance of accomplishing their object with credit and success. Following their present tactics, that we shall tumble into Responsible Government eventually there can indeed be little doubt. But, like P I should ' tremble for the immediate result. 3 Yrs. etc. me for but res or i It Perth, May 20 the 