TILE BAThELE OOF BEIRRY'S BAY. \--o- SB A NON-COOMtsATANTi 4, sanguinary nnval engagement; which raged with unmitigated ferocity from an early hour in the morning un til sunset, took place in Sydney Harbor last Sunday week, the opposing forces being two boats emannedby7 monaguinst a squadron of 10 monstrous blue sharks. It was without doubt the most unique as well as the most oxciting encounter ever witnessed in Australian waters. Man is the natural onemy of the shark, Wherever they meet war to the knife is imumediately declared. Ench in his own element is supremo, but 1Iho mall in the water lass aslitclochanco againest the shlark as the shark on the land has against the nman. This is why the finny monsters are so minth hated and feared by all persons whose business or pleastre leads them to go down to the sea in ships. Between the sailor and the shark there is a particular degree of enmity, This feOling i also. shared more or loss by all boating men. No quiirter is over given on either silu, 'Iho sailor knows only too well what will he his fate should neoident throwe him into the wator wlile his roemorse less enemy is about, and whenever chanco throws a shark into his power he never hesitates for a moment to re. pay the compliment. Oftentimes wloue consiging a dead comrado to the bosom of the dloop hbe sees one of thi monsters trinuplhantly following in the wake of the ship, amu turns away his eyes that he may nlot witness the hideous feast. It is no wonder then that nautical men should have sworn war of extermina. tiol against the whole shark tribe. The North Shore boasts of a hardy old amphibions veteran by the name of Bonjumli Barnett. iko all great charnoters, he scorns the conventional prefix to his name, and is addressed by such as are admitted to the privilege of his naluaintanco by the simple cogno. men of Bon Barnott, Ieo Itls three sons iast as fond of tlio.water and just its intrepid boatmen as himself, Verit able chipa of the old block are the young liarnnttt, and Ben is justly proud that they are so Now, on the North Shore it came to pass that one Moses Boll owned a cerr. fhlu cow was browshug by the waterslde, wlhen by some sad misollance she fell in and was drowned. This was just at the back of Bell's new terrace, in a particular part of Berry's Bay, where the initiated in Isaak Walton's art are wont to go in search of the succulent " trumpeter.'" On Sunday morning news was brought to 1iri. Barnett that a shark was seen quietly breakfasting on the carcase of the unfortunato cow. At this an nollocmenllt all the boatman within him was roused. The goggle-eyed naruodeor should tie. Ilarshalling his clan and taking a primitive but trusty harpoon that has dealt death to nunmbers of shalrks i the past, 1Be1 elnmbarked in a light skilR and saot out to olffer the mnonster battle. On theA way lie was joined by another hoat containing Chris. Webb, a cclcebrated yrachtsman, who can mako lthe .Tolki ont of the hardest dlingies in the ilarolr to boat, and Messrs. l. Langford antd J. Strange, nll equally eil thiusilatio lovers utf the water nutd hters of sharks. Each bount wna tilruisled with rt lunning gear Intld It lhalr'po, one beinlg a patent swivel action, ail the itlihe of the same int torn as migtht haveo been used to kill whcales in the time of the 1 te tMir. ,lonlll, who is reported to have had l little unlalllellntnloss with one of those creatures sllnoe crlanidlerablo while biack. 011 roeachig the' scene of ecm. bit, however, the attacking party in - stelid of one shlark fio1t no less than 10 ready to receive them. T'e fight which thien contaenced , has never been eqlalled by lanlything before seen ilt Sydney Iharbor, The shallrks woreo daring and defiant. Not Otto clt of Itc 10 flillched htfrom tie uttuclk, but tiuilht for the body of the cow until night pitt anl end to thle nncclat, when nao less thanIl sneveOn of their intmllbeIr were deadl ain in the hands of the enellmly. Meulcwhile the nows flow round the Shore like wildllire. Ict even pelleotttltel to the elchurches, and se1riously in fluenled the collectioni. W\ihat weor the ilitrllctilnsl of n srniron to tlhoseS of ia sholrk hunt 1' 'IThe steed, thie Ilttster ilg srquadron and the cl'ttlerillg car Iurged their wild career ialtnc the hilei'o l'oinit reiad. At suchll a timle thle rightlls of pivate property becacno a Ilt secondal ry considoratio?l, and Moses Bell's territorial privileg-ec wctre ir utccclrely ict of the queition ly nll excited crowd, who flockedl to the walter's edge for a eight of t10e on co?uater. At nie bime fully 500" per soins of all sizes ctiil aiex?I worO tIll lie Oenie, and every one of the 500 wats untler the sattledi impression Ihat he or shle wits tncterially tsositing in the slaughter. Stlno pilted thle shahnks with pleblles, to the inlclinent jeoplnardy of the hboatlmen's heands, and oneo gentilu mtan apllpered witit a gun, which noetling but a special i1tetrvenition of Providence prevented him frioIn using. Others deeild thalln they were nmaking it particularly warm for the sharks by rttltltg' i, "is in i dowin the Initll, iti? dtulging in the wihlest gesticulatiotns anid shoutilcng at the top if their voices. One gentleman boldly advancod to the waitter's edge, and throwing out his arms, said " Shoo I" at a halle shark which was not moro tlhan 10ft. fromt thlle bank. i?lcanwhilo the cattle on the water raged furiously. A shark would mnlto a r1ush at tie cotw, antl as soon as heo catlo to the top of the water tihe two lharpoons wortld saltito him. It wacs work requliritlne great courago anld ilextority, ais the slighltest mistake might hlave boon atttendedi with fatal consequlences. If one of thoe boats callsi'Atl, or any tof their occupants wont overboard, 10 greedy )pairs of jlaws, aclh calpable of almnost hlilti ngl a manll whole, wore waiting for hin. But the no seldont tmissoted. A hugesplash, sending a shower of discolored. splay over the fishermaln, would toll that at lolst one of thohlirlloonshad hitits nmalrk, and thll shark woutl dart wildly out into the bay, towing the boat at a trmoeatlouts rate attl leaovinlg a crimlsoni wake aiftr him. Sometimes iht woul roeturn to the charge, ovenl with' the Ilarploon itn his body, andtl fight till the last breauth left hitm. As each oneo gave upl the ghost heo was. towed into Meosoa 1Bol11 fisal pond, and the fisherme1n weont oct to renow the fight. Tile average woigsht of' the monsters is as tintltedl at little under hitlf a ton,. which shows what a critical matter it was to lhave one of tloll fast to acn ordiinary pulling skiff when maniitonedl with pain antld fighting for dear life,. T'o shlow the deoalospetiont with which some of the lmonsters strtlggled, the stoult wrOllught iroll sllifts of the hitrloons. wrore freqllontly It ant andtl twisted with ts ilclch ease Its ifthey had been hairpins. ''hs following dcay it was inltetlll that the fight shoulil ho re nowed with h11o three remalining shllnlrs, but they ic1d evidently hnd ououg'h oif it, ta they failed to pult ii an alppear once. Orowds of Ipeople visited the. the ?cene of notion tdurillg thlie day cldtl inspcotted the bldine nf til slhin, hlt hatl ilot the eatisfaotion of witlvcesing a co0tintcatiaon of the battle. As tllherve were sevell shalrk-slayare and srovon killed, the sverageo amtalst to a shark a mine They bore their luitrois wcilt Ibecienlng Inlodesty, tlhough ncanyleon got oin c Islictngs andt talk of thir publio services whto hIcve not half as mucchoalaico to tpublh grntitude as the hIoroes of the romirkubleo Battle of Berry's fay,--'l.'e cSyldne .Daily 'lelegrnls/, 