THE RUBY RING. lt)A LINN GERARD, Author of' Caught ,' and other Tales. I obeyed him ; not completely, perhaps, for I stood at the stair head again while I heard him softly go the round of the rooms below. Then I carried out the remainder of his injunctions. At the breakfast-table next morning I told the full story of my fears. Of course, they were laughed at ; I called myself a little fool,' for there is nothiug like the bold, un Nmvaterious lieht of day for banishing ideas of burglars and ghosts. Cicely was deeply ? interested, and anxious to hear every pur ? tioular of what I had seen, heard, and felt, perhaps a little bit frightoned, though at the same time disappointed that she had missed it all. ' 'Why did you not come and wake me, Judith?' she asked, reproachfully. 'I wish you had. ' 'Why? If there had been anything, what good would have been done by alarming you? As it was nothing'— I ? J ? ? -could say that 'as' firmly and believingly— '' it would have made me seem still more foolish. ' ' ? ? ? '/ I could never have gone about the house as you did, ' said Cicely, with a grave little \- ? — ~ shake of her head. ' I don't know how you dared ! ' Of the others, Nigel regarded the affair . most thoughtfully. Paul and Aunt Kitty seemed bent on making me confess how .. little had really been the cause for my alarm, and on laughing me out of any remaining ? doubts. ~ | ' I am not at all surprised at Miss Duncan's fright,' Nigel remarked. ' A house like this with its big dark rooms is jui-t the place to awaken young ladies' fancies. The solitary position of your apart ment had a good deal to do with it. # Let me advise you to change into the other part of ? -1 the house, near Cicely and Miss Rivers.'' — ? '-Certainly -not,' I answered promptly. ' I will not acknowledge to being driven out by nervousness, .1 assure you, Nigel. I am ; not given greatly to fancies, and I do not v expect a recurrence of last night's nervous ' ness.' ? ? ' Don't you ?' saidJffig£L-gmilingJwith.an. - ? amused look. 'Then you had certainly better select another room. I don't like to laugh at a lady's fears, but you know,' he turned to Paul, ' the thing seems ; perfectly clear to me. A mouse running across the floor awoke her, she saw a picture or a dark garment that looked like a human j being, and then she heard the little animal on the dressing-table.' 'I expect that was about it,' answered Pfuil ? What would you-have done it I had ? ' — not turned up, Judith? You looked determined enough for anything. I am quite thankful I was not shot, and I believe ? you were disappointed at not having a burglft* to tackle.' 'I should not have .told ar.ybody a word a? about it, and I should not have been? laughed ? at.' ' Excuse me,' said Nigel, ' not laughing, ' only endeavouring to re-assure you.' 'You would do that best,' I remarked, smiling, butti little nettled by his assumption of my utter cowardice, 'by giving me back my ring.' ' That is the easiest part of all to explain,' ? ? rgaid-Paulf-Nigel not replying ; ' l have told you many a time it was too large for you, ? ; and would slip off unnoticed. You lost it at the party, and I do not doubt Miss Mortimer s servant has long since picked 'it — — ? — up, and Miss Mortimer is puzzling over the \--- .monogram.' ' Or a walk,' suggested Aunt Katherine. 'I hope you did not drop the ring in ? Willow's Wood, for there will be no finding it among the grass.' . ' No, no,' cried Cicely. ' You are both, . .. wrong, Aunt Kitty, you and Paul. I knou) ' Judith lost the ring at neither wood nor* ... party, for I distinctly remember seeing it on her hand when we were driving home.' ' 'And I,' I added , 'remember noticing \- the gleam of the rubies as I huug it on the stand at night.' f ' Then you are both quite determined,' said Paul, 'that a burglar came down the \- chimney ; we will catch him yet, Cicely. 'Does not it strike you, Paul,' put in Nigel, in a dry way as if he was sick of all this nonesnse, ' that since Judith and Cicely are . really apprehensive, and can be positive as to 'having seen this ring safe in Ingleton Priory last night, the better way would be to have the affair investigated by a detective, and the servants examined'?'1 Cicely and I immediately opposed this with vehemence. We would as soon suspect ourselves, Aunt Katherine, or himself, as Donaldson or. his old wife or Mary, we ( declared. ? . ' That is mere folly,' said Nigel, irritably. ' Because a woman has been chattering about the house for thirty years, or a girl has a countrified appearance, you think they are; ? ' 'lam quite certain,' said Cicely, with some dignity, ' that our servants are incap able of having robbed us.' Nigel turned quietly to Paul. 1 'Paul, we are business men,' and ' naturally look these things through less sentimental glasses than young ladies do. \ Shali we take a turn in the garden, and talk the matter over ?' _ ? ' Yes, I am a business man,' answered , Paul, ' and I will readily undertake at once to be counsel for our servants, for I agree with Cicely.' Nigel smiled, raised his eyebrows, leaned back in his chair, and drummed with his fingers upon the table -cloth. 'As you please,' ho fluid. May I ask V'iat you propose doiDg ?' ; ' Walking over to Mrs. Mortimei's, and Hffl instituting inquiries there ; if that fails, jBi going to the George at Ingleton, and having Ml the cab and the cabby examined ; if that 1| fails, advertising in the Independent, and 1K| issuing handbills,' answered Paul, with » promptitude. t !jpj 'Although the young ladies are abso- 1| lutoly cortuin it was safe on the dressing- jfj| table last night !' said Nigel._ ^ Here the young ladies again interrupted, for it is wonderful how differently one may l|| be made to viow^t'ho same facts. Cicely i p might bemistakon/she reluctantly omitted, | about seeing the ring on Judith's hand._ I « might, I allowed, have confused one evening | with another ; it is ve$y difficult to swear - | to having dono 'jn a particular occasion what | has become a fixed habit. | Paul's course was accordingly followed up. | Cicely and I called on the Mortimers. They | had seen nothing of the ring beyond the fact V | that Miss Mortimer recollected seeing it on - ~ my hand and making some remark to me on i| its peculiar — she being too polite to say | clumsy — workmanship; but this proved it | was not lost in the wood. They questioned their servants, and offered to take any ||! measures we liked to advise. Then we walked back, and Nigel and Paul went to || ? the George. Unfortunately we had all been ' li too sleepy to notice any particulars regard- I ing the cab, still less its number; but the bi [ driver assured them of its identity with one || they personally inspected ; and though Nigel ? expressed a few doubts as to the truth, and | indeed threw out such hints of the general | ; ?honesty of the villagers that I grew almost $i angry, Paul believed what he was told. ~ |j~' — -? You ar& in England — a settled, civilised ? n — country, now, Nigel,' I said. 'And, how- ,:j| ever common crime may be in the land you || come from, thieves are the exception, not. the rule, among our village inhabitants.' .Ji For a moment Nigel's face changed. j || There leaped an angry flush into his dark : m eyes as he darted a giance at me, and his i 'i brows frowned darkly ; but in another second ; | it died away, his little, half-contemptuous, j $ half- amused smile succeeded, and he an- I swered : ' My dear Judith, I beg your pardon,' I am sure, for insulting the unimpeachable . 4 morals of Ingleton. No doubt I am an un- I - civilised boor. Only is it allowable to ask You will not admit that you have lost it; -j I you will not have it that any one has stolen I it. Are we to suppose it took unto itself I wings?' ^ I ' I coloured and was silent, vexed with him, | j yet conscious of a large amount of truth in what he said. _ 1 1 Nothing resulted from our inquiries. l a We advertised, we had handbills printed, r- and, offered-rewards almost as . valuable as,^ f. and much more easily to be benefitted by \ . than the curious, initial-ingraVen ring. . But several days passed, and so far. all was of no avail. 1 ? ? ? y CHAPTER Y. I may have .seemed to intimate in the last j chapter that my liking for Nigel Yere was ? on the decline. This was not so. He puzzled me a little at first, but now I had got, or thought I had, to understand him as well , . i as we can expect to understand any human I being of a not directly sympathetic tempera- j ment in the short space of some seventeen i days ; and though I did not admire him par- i ticularly, I pitied him, and felt that Paul and I, parting in poverty as we were, were ~~ happier than the young Australian. He had no relations except Paul— ^no frieinds, no prospects that he ever alluded tQ as pleasant. ? / ? irr Why he had come to England h'e never ex- I,' plained, but my private opinion was that he « rfe had had some hope of a will.being found r | which would re-instate him in his father's ^ home. I fancied he considered Paul and me I as interlopers, and while feeling that Paul' | had the best right to the Priory and that 1 his cousin was young and well-to-do and I ought not to grudge him a dilapidated old § mansion, I yet felt sorry for Nigel. ? ? | . Not that he was habitually melancholy, f ? or uttered sentimental regrets for or allusions 'H ; .to, his old Ilnglish home. It was only my ^ i new interpretation of his actual self, the f : outward seeming of which remained the same 'H ; as ever. He was always polite, even— to use a paradox — when he was rude, and always - I ready to smile even when his eyes looked their gloomiest. I studied him more closely ? : - i because he was to be Paul's companion. Cicely very naturally was interested in him I j on his own account, but we both came to the f same broad conclusion. f ! 'He is not happy, Judith/? she said. 'I wonder why. I wish he would tell— I ' i Paul.' * f Poor little Cicely! I wondered what a S vague uneasiness was pity proving in her l oase the path to something deeper. I did j not like to think of her parted from us all, roughing it in Australia, and Nigel gave out no intentions of settling in his native land ' Why not P' I asked once, ' if you do not like Australia.' 'My dear Miss Duncan,' answered Nigel m his smiling but conclusive way, ' wny talk of past and future, let us eniov the present.' ' But he does not,' whispered Cicely. ? (To be continued. J 