GENERAL NEWS. On Wednesday evening an open meeting was held in the Labor League Hall, Hindley- street, in connection with the Lifeboat Lodge, No. 12, I.O.G.T., working under the R.W.G. Lodge of the World. There was a very large attendance of members of the order and friendB, Bro. A. J. Barnes' grand superinten dent of juvenile temples, presided. A capital programme of songs, readings, and recitations was carried out by Bros. 0. H. Tonkin, Hurse, H. Webb, H. J. Barnett, H. Hunter, and Sisters E. Johns, Lear, and McLachlan. The chairman and Bro. the Rev, A. Turnbull de livered interesting and practical addresses upon the order of Good Templary. At the close of the meeting the chairman requested all who had not joined the order to do so, and thus aid them in the spread of total abstinence principles throughout the land. The following statement made by Mr. G >od, the auditor appointed with Mr. Davies to examine the books of the Port Augusta Per manent Building Society, at a meeting of the Society on Monday, shows the position of the shareholders and the losses that have occurred through the alleged defalcations of the secre tary, Mr. J. C. Knipe (late Mayor of Port Augusta):—"The amount due to investing shareholders, including profits, was £6,28319s. 9<L; the balance of profit and loss account as per ledger for the past half year was £40414s. 4d. The amount supposed to have beeD placed to the credit of the society in the Bank of Ade laide was not there, and it appeared from the bank's books that there was a debit balance of £550 7s. lid. The balance due to sundry creditors of the society on account of cheques received by the late secretary wa3 £244 9s. 9d.; on outstanding cheques £55 was due, and £80 5s. lid. was apparently due to Mr. McCarthy.. The total debit of the society was therefore £7,618 17s. 8d., and there was due by borrowing shareholders, including profits, £5,136 15s. lid. The deficiency therefore amounted to £2,482 Is. 9d. This.statement was, Mr, Good was certain, substantially correct, though there might be some small inaccuracies with regard to pass-books which he had been unable to inspect and examine; but he had examined 114 out of 144 pass-books and the only error he had discovered was one to the amount of £2 8s. All payments had been entered duly in the society's cash book, and the defalcations had been made by simply not paying the money received into the bank to the society's credit, and by deceiving directors and auditors with a fictitious bank pass- book. The balance-sheet for the half-year ended May 31, 1886, gave the following results: — To balance from previous half year (non-existent in fact), £L,793 2s, 9d.; receipts, £1,458 Is. 6d.; total, £3,251 4s. 3d. The credits were—Shares withdrawn, £704 9s. 2d,; loans, £935; and charges, £64 12s. lid.; total, £1,704 2s. Id., leaving a balance of £1,547 2s. 2d. to be accounted for. This balance was accounted for in the books as follows:—Balance of cash-book, £151 lis.; on deposit in the Bank of Adelaide (£1,500— less overdraft £104 8s. 10d.), £1.395 lis. 2d. The books balanced correctly, as they did at the last audit, the only difference being that, whereas there was a fictitious credit balance of £1,793 2s. id. then, the amount was now £1,547 2s. 2d.—and hence the share holders were really some £250 better off than they would have been if the frauds had been discovered six months earlier. The state of the society in brief was this, that there was a deficiency in gross of £2,482 Is. 9d"; the profits credited to shareholders up to the end of the previous half-year totalled £1,929 18s. 5d.; profits for the last half-year, £404 14s. 4d.; rents due, £76 6s.; total, £2,41618s. 9d. This showed that the deficiency was covered within £70 by the profits, and that the capital of the society remained almost intact, the whole of its profits having been swept away." On Wednesday the torpedo instructoron board the gunboat Protector (Mr. Parnell) gave the first of a seiies of lessons on the working of torpedoes to several members of the crew of the vessel, at the torpeJ-> station, near the North Arm. Commander Wallcot waspresent. The class will be taken through the same course of instruction as that given in the Torpedo School at Portsmouth. When the series is completed and the men have thoroughly mastered the theoretical part of the work they will be shown the practical part, and then they will be called upon to carry out the fitting of the yario'us ■ mines themselves. The whole of the men on' board the gunboat are to receive the same in struction, but the classes will be so arranged that only a certain number of men will be absent fromtheveEselat a time. Each course of lessonB will last about six weeks. The class is conducted in a spacious lecturing room in a galvanized iron building 110 feet in length, and in this there is almost every description of electrical contrivance, including reflecting and marine falvanometerB, batteries and firing keys. >y means of a few experiments the instructor intends to make the lessons not only instructive, but interesting also, and the men who were present at Wednesday's class certainly seemed to be deeply interested in what they were told. Affairs at the torpedo station are going on very smoothly, and much work is being accomplished by about a dozen men whom Messrs. Pamell and Clarkson have under them. The blue-jackets work with a will, and notwithstanding their isolated posi tion they appear to be thoroughly happy. Preparations are being made for the White head torpedoes, which the Government ordered some little time back, and which are expected to arrive in about a month's time. A few weeks ago an air-pump of the latest type and an engine arrived from England, and tney are to be used in connection with the loading of the torpedoes. A boiler has been placed in position about half way between the main building and the jetty, and the engine and airpump have been put in their proper places, but the connections are not yet completed. Some of the men are engaged in excavating for the foundations of an out building, and others are occupied in decking the large shed. The buildings are in a very clean condition notwithstanding the work which is being carried on in and around them, and the appliances used for electrical torpedo work are kept in a particularly bright state. Mr. Parnell is an enthusiast in his work, and now that he is supplied with all the necessary instruments for instructing the men he expects that the lessons will prove successful. Our Merriton correspondent writes on July 611A strong shock of earthquake was experienced about here at 5 a.m. on tiuuday last, causing much consternation and alarm." The monthly meeting of the committee of the Orphan Home was held on Monday, Mrs. Reunion in the chair. The hoo. secretary repoiled that the new matron (Miss Hockin) had taken charge on June29. Balance of cash from previous meeting. £50 0s. 60.; subscrip tious received. £15 lis fid-; account-*passed for payment, £29 15e. 4d ; leaving ou haud £35 lfis. 84. A correspondent of thQ Port Augusta, Bis patch, at Strangways Springs, writes to that paper on Jnne28:—A Government well-sink ing party has put down a shaft and commenced to bore for water on the railway line close to the Coward Springs; and another party of men are about to sink a shaft close to the 102nd milepost, about a mile and a quarter from StrangwaysSprings, A boringparty willaffcer wards commence operations with the view of obtaining a good water supply. It is sincerely to be hoped that their efforts will be crowned with success. A Bteady rain set inon the 18th inBt., and on the following morning 18 in. was registered. This was a pleasant change from the eternal dry weather, which has been causing anxiety for months previous, though the amount which fell on this occasion was scarcely enough to do much good. I believe that much heavier rains fell at Mount Hamil ton, about 30 miles south-east, where nearly an inch is reported to have fallen. The rainfall at Stuart's Creek was also large. I understand that some damage resulted to the line at the deviations over some of the creeks. The Gregory Creek is reported to have b8en run ning seven or eight feet deep. On Wednesday morning Mr. Coglin, M.P., and Mr. Burgoyne, M.P., waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) and presented a copy of the resolutions arrived at by a meeting held at Gordon on Monday, June 28, to consider the action of the inspector of rabbit parties in putting his men on the farmers' lands to clear them of rabbits where none—so it was alleged—existed. The first resolution stated "That the case of Mr, Prior re rabbit party on section 22, hundred of Kanyacka, be protested against by this meeting as being unreasonable and unjust, this sectionhaving been carefully examined for rabbits by Mr. Prior and his men and dogs before the party was put on, and inspected afterwards by a number of farmers, who only found six old burrows formed 20 years ago by kangaroo rats, bnt no rabbits ; and, in fact no rabbits could exist on the section, there been nothing but clay and stone on it; and the examination of the land and the filling should not cost more than £1, whereas Mr. Prior is charged £1018a. 3d. for the so-called clearing of fine above section." The second resolution was, "That the Government be asked to reduce this amount to £1, and that the rabbit party be removed from the district, seeing that there are not sufficient rabbits there to warrant the expense." The Commissioner promised to obtain a report on the matter. Messrs, Burgoyne and Coglin, members for Newcastle, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Wednesday morning and presented a memorial from 32 farmers in the hundreds of Pinda, Willowie, Coonatto, and Enxelia, asking to have work commenced on several of the roads in the neighborhood, in order to provide labor for the relief of the settlers, who were in great straits through the failure of the crops. The Commissioner said he would consider the matter and send a reply. A meeting of sboeing smiths was held in the Sturt Arcade Hotel on Wednesday evening. About 60 persons were present, and Mr. C. Disney was voted to the chair, After Mr. Taylor had addressed the meeting, pointing out the advantages of unions generally, it was agreed that the circumstances of the trade necessitated the formation of a shoeingsmiths' union, to consist of both masters and men, the primary objects of the union beiDg the regula tion of the price of shoeing and the estab lishment of a sick and accident fund on behalf of the men. Some discussion ensued as to the advisability or otherwise of fixing the standard price of shoeing. Several suggestions were made, the proposition to charge 5s. for oab horses, and 6s. for others being favored by a small majority. It was understood, however, that this should only be a suggestion to the committee, and that before anything was done finally the whole of the trade should be consulted. The secretary of the Trades and Labor Council, who was present on the invitation of the chairman, addressed the meeting, congratulating those present on meeting together so amicably with their em ployers, and urging them to unite as all other trades were at present doing. He assured them of the moral support of the united trades so long as their objects were legitimate and just, A committee of eleven was then ap pointed with instructions to Bettle the pre liminary details, and Mr. Hillier was chosen secretary and treasurer. Nearly all of those pre sent, employers and employes alike, enrolled themselves as members of the union. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Fire Brigade Eoard was held at the local town hall on Wed nesday afternoon. Mr, S. Malin (mayor) pre sided, and there were also present Messrs. H, Weman, T. Parker, P. H. Burden, T. Saunders (superintendent), and B, H. Laker (secretary). A letter was received from the secretary of the Adelaide Fire Brigade Board, stating that they had control of the expenditure of the local board, and giving the amounts to be paid for attendance at fires. They were as follows Superintendent, lCs. 6d. per hour for the first two hours, and 5s. for each subsequent hour; foremen and firemen, 5s. each for the first hour, 3s, for the second hour, and 2s. for each subse quent hour; providing shed for reel, £2 10s, per annum; taking reel to and from station, 10s.; cleaning and drying hose, 10s.; notice of fire, 5s. The Adelaide board also wrote, approving of the appointment of the superin tendent at the Port. The superintendent wrote, stating that at the fire on Messrs. R. Cleland & Co.'s premises the hoses burst in several places. About 500 feet of new canvas hose with couplings was required, and some of the men were in want of new boots and uniforms. He referred in terms of praise to the valuable services ren dered by the reel from Messrs. Harrold Bros, at the late fire. It was decided to apply to the Adelaide Board for the required amount of hoEe, which would cost about £50. The question of providing new uniforms for the firemen was left over, pending the issue of the amended Fire Brigade Act. Accounts in con nection with the extinguishing of the recent fire were passed to the amount of £29 12s. A vote of thanks was passed to the superintendent for the ability he showed and the good service he rendered at the fire. A pleasing entertainment consisting of tableaux and music was given in the Albert Hall on Wednesday evening in aid of St. Bartholomew's parsonage funds. The atten dance was good, and included his Excellency the Governor and suite. The tableaux, which were arranged by Mrs. T. Horn and Mr. and Miss Andrews (the latter recent arrivals from England) were well staged and carried out. The opening scene was from "William Tell," the group, which was well arranged, repre senting Tell drawing his bow to shoot at the apple on the head of his son. Two scenes were given from " Macbeth," the first being that in which Macbeth starts up at the sight of Banquo's ghost at the feast, which causes Lady Macbeth to exclaim, " Sit worthy friends; my Inrd ib rtffpn f.lina* faar\ anrl rpcra.i*H him nnf." lord is often thus; feed and regard him not. The curtain next rose on Lady Macbeth a3 she cries, " What, will these hands ne'er be clean ?" Following on this came two sketches repre senting the trial scene from the " Merchant of Venice." The grouping was excellent, and pictured Portia as she was uttering the lines— "Thisbond is forfeit, and lawfully by this the Jew may claim a pound of flesh, to be by him cut off nearest the merchant's heart," The scene changed, and Portia was seen to have the "Jew on the hip," as she exclaimed to him—"Prepare thee to cut off the flesh; shed thou no blood, nor cut thou less nor more than just a pound of flesh. If the scale do turn thou diest." The tableaux from the opera of "La Somnambula" depicting Amina crossing the bridge, and after safely passing it, were realistically placed before the spectators, who warmly applauded the ladies and gentlemen taking part in it. Three sketches were presented from "Snow drop," and the little ladies who were cast spoke their parts and acted with skill and gracefulness, evidencing that no little time had been expended on their tuition. Then came two prettily-arranged groups from the "Tempest," in which Ariel's song " Where the bee sucks," was tastefully rendered by Mjss Edith Phillipson. The drama of " King John" was laid under c?ntribution for two sketches; but perhaps the gem of the evening wasa scene from "Nicholas Nickleby." Dotheboy's Hall was vividly represented, and the audience could well imagine Squeers as he watched the doses beiDg administered exclaim ing, as he gave the desk a great rap with his cane—"Is that physicking over?" Mrs. fcjqueers was seen witb a large spoon operating on a lad, and it needed not the words that the great novelist has placed in the mouth of that lady to convince the onlookers that it was "just over," as she choked the last boy in her hurry. The "Slave Market" was tastefully placed on the stage, and the entertain ment very properly concluded with a view of "Greater Britain," in which were grouped representatives of the various races who owe their allegiance to that throne on which the sun never sets, South Australia being depicted by a gin with a black pipe in her mouth. The musical portion of the pro gramme was not the least entertaining of the large bill provided. Miss E. Phillipson, who is possessed of a good round soprano voice, sang a French setting of Gounod's serenade. The lady hardly did herself justice, as she suffered from a slight nervousness, but it mu3t be stated that she was placed at a disadvantage by the gentleman who played the accompaniment, as e failed to do her justice. Miss Andrews, whose voice gave evident signs of cultivation, sang with great success "Daddy," Later on this lady appeared again, and pleased her listeners by her vocal efforts. 