New Zealand. AUCKLAND, April 21. I iue lwjouy uuucjei iiiug iuu wieuk. w u«r Tairoa has been adjonrned till the 3rd. May. Captain Bendall, surveyor for the Underwriter's Association, stated that when he visited the wreck on the 13th instant he fonnd the npper berths perfectly dry. UP to the time of going to press last even- j ing there were no telegrams in the Brisbane office for the Star. j We understand that a visit was paid I yesterday by the gentlemen interested to the place where it is alleged that the cement works could be profitably established. At present bat little information will be given on the subject. MB. THOHAS A. SPEKCEB, under date Wednesday, April 21, reports the sale of 500 head store bullocks, the property of C. Stockwell, purchased from Messrs. G. Smith and Bros., of Stewarts Creek. through T. A. Spencer for delivery at Cajildry, Bogan River, N.S.W., travelling via Miles and Goodiwindi, in charge of Mr. C. Persley. MB. J. Else, who has been for some time' connected with the New Sonth Wales Bank in Toowoomba, and who is better known as " Jack Else," is leaving that place in order to manage the branch of the same bank at Goondiwindi. He was presented with an address of regret, a testimonial, banquetted, and otherwise made to feel that fellows had found out his good qualities just immediately before he was going away. Human nature all over. MESSRS. Holmes and Molony notify a reduction in the price of meat. Ia future beef and mutton will be sold for 3d. per lb. for cash, but 4d. per lb. will be the price charged to those who want credit. These reductions are the result of the late rains which have thrown open the stock roads, and In a short time the firm expect to have no difficulty in obtaining regular supplies of fat stock. They however are giving their customers the advantage of an immediate reduction and hope that very shortly they will be able to announce a atill further lowering of the prices. A SPECIAL cablegram to the Telegraph ander date April 18 aayaThe present rentals in Ireland are to be reduced 20 per cent, the tenants to become owners in 49 years, until which time the State retains the ownership. In the congested district the Land Commission fixes the maximum price at 22 years purchase the minimum is un fixed. Mr. Chamberlain considers that £50,000,000 is an insufficient sum for the purchase of the lands, and he condemns the British guarantee. Mr. Parnell coldly approved of the scheme. OK Monday last In the Supreme Court, Brisbane the Chief Justice delivered judg ment in the important case of M' Sharry v O'Rorke; After dealing with the various J points in the case, his Honour conclnded aa follows:-" On the whole evidence then, I find-(1) There was no false or fraudulent representation by defendant to plaintiff: (2 ! The plaintiff did not rely on any statement made by defendant in no respect of No 6 central contract, mid was not induced thereby to make the purchase of the part nership property and contracts; and I give judgment for the defendant on his counter claim against the plaintiff for £5362 10s, with interest at 8 per cent from the date when the promissory note became due until judgement. THE Passover holidays commence on Mon day next. ME. J. E, DICKSON Jan. has been elected an alderman of tbe borough council of Sand gate. - His Honor Judge Paul who has lately returned from a visit to Warwick is much improved in health. ACABLE dated London April SO says that a fund is being raised for tbe equipment of the loyalists ia the north of Ireland. A MEETING offthe subscribers of the Roma Hospital is called for Wednesday next in order to elect a committee-man in the place ( of Mr. G. Rankenreaigned. IT is hoped thai his Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber) will conduct Divine Service at the Easter encampment on Sunday morning. THE Orient Company's steamer Cbimbo razo, which arrived at Adelaide, on April 16 has a case of smallpox OD board. The passengers for Adelaide and Melbourne have all been landed in quarantine. A SPECIAL meeting of the Marsupial Board has been called by the chairman to be held on Wednesday April 28 at 12 noon to consider some important correspondence received from ^Mr. P. B. Gordon. THE following telegram has been received by. the Government Hydraulic Engineer from Mr. J. D. Arnold, superintendent of American boring machinery, dated Blachall, 16th instant" Pat in 130ft. pipe, making 45ft.-50Of. deep, Formation same sedi mentary rock." YESTERDAY besides being Good Friday was St George's Day. We understand that the Englishman's annual dinner was not held as it could not be arranged on the patron Saints' day owing bo's! toits being Good Friday, and to the Dumber of people away at Lytton, and in Brisbane. A CORRESPONDENT of the Queensland Times says that.it is now -pretty generally known that the Government had some difficulty in obtaining Legislative Councillors. Two of those who declined Mr. Patrick Keal and Mr. D. L. Brown, both of whom were disinclined to enter political life at present. ON Wednesday, April.7, before the Police Magistrate, Goondiwindi Mr. George Plun kett, was charged by -Mr. Kite, manager of Callandoon Station, for travelling sheep through the Goondiwindi run, withont giving the inecessary notice. Plunkett pleaded guilty, and was fined the sum of 10s with 3s 6d. costs of court. THE Hon. P. Perkins, so it is said, was offered a banquet prior to his departure for Europe and/he refused it. Well, be may be right, and be may be wrong in taking this view of the case, but a few people would like to kntw who the other fellows were who wantld to banquet him, and what they were going to do it for, if they were going to dojit at all ? THK to\jn was almost empty yesterday. All places K business were closed, and most people toi advantage of the holidays to make an excursion to Brisbane or to visit friends in pie district. According to promise all stores will remain closed until Tuesday jmorning .next, giving employees an ample holiday. The services usual on Good Friday were beld in the churches. AT /the Roma Police Court on Thursday morning last before Captain Goodail P.M. John jMaslen was formally committed on three charges of beiog found in possession of property respectively claimed by Messrs W. B. Murphy, S. S. Bassett, and R. Lewin and Co. These alleged robberies ex cited some attention a few days since and the accused was supposed to be the responsible party for all the house robberies in Roma which had become notorious. Defence was reserved. | A METKOPOLITAK correspondent writing under date April 19 sayB that Adjutant Wright, of the Salvation Army, was re cently fined for playing a cornet in the streets without the Mayor's permission. He declined to pay, and said he had nothing on which to levy. He was therefore, consigned to gaol for forty-eight hoars. He waa-cheery enough at first, but I believe he " fonked" later in the day, and wished to send for somebody to pay his fine. This was however too late, as the men sent to had left their premises. The fine was paid the next day. THE "leading journal" as the Courier styles itself says that after Sir Arthur Hunter Palmer had been sworn in as Acting Governor " he invited those present to take a glass of wine." Great Ceasar's ghost! It was only about five minutes since that we noticed this important paragraph and went out to consider its import. There is one consolation however in the fact that numerous individuals call in and ask the editor of this paper to take a glass of whisky, and, like the guests of Sir. Arthur Palmer he never refuses, (N.B.-fTbii was writ by ourselves after drinking sodawater. ED. Star.) ACCORDING to the-Conner the .Hon. W. Miles is reported to have said in reply to the recent deputation to him to ask for a con cession on the charges made for horses travelling to races and shows that 'racing is a mere gamble, and of gambling he person, ally had a shrinking dread." We (most probably somebody else) once lost £1500 at one sitting of loo and paid it op honorably. This occurred at the Royal hotel in Too woomba, one memorable evening. Shall we compliment Mr. Miles on the moral sentiment he has expounded, or allow the band to play t' Since that time however the man who lost the money, ourselves, or probably the somebody else, has had a " shrinking dread" of gambling I Tho official return of cattle -on which assessment has been paid under the Brand's Act as at Januaiy 1st 1886 has been issued. Owners of under fifty head of stock do not send in returns tinder this Act. A decrease is shown amounting to 11-28 per cent. In 1885 there were in the colony 4,102,916 head of cattle as against 3,640,066 in 1886 making a total decrease of 462,850. The only place in which there was an in crease was in the Cook district and there it amounted to 14,427. The largest decrease was unfortunately in the Maranoa district amounting to 97,303. Amongst other large losses ate the Warrego 75,800, Mitchell 16,871. Leichhardt 34,706, Kennedy north ] 40,877, Kennedy, aoath 31,745, fiarke 126,554. >;? hi ON Wednesday last a swarm of blacks, numbering over fifty, besieged the Police Magistrate in order to obtain their annnal jrift of a blanket apiece. On Thursday morning the demand continued, and about seventy blankets have now been served out in honor of her Majesty'" Birthday-tbe rule being to serve them out previously to the actual date. We feel sure that any persons who meet with blackfellows or £iiJ.B. a who have not yet taken advantage of the Queen's bounty will let them know what can be obtained on application. Mr. 1. Banbury assisted the Police Magistrate in "the distribution, and to the credit ot the aboriginals in this district it may be said that they value their annual blanket too much to sell it for rum, and the publicans value their reputation too much to exchange rum for blankets. In this respect type# have changed, but for the better. The blankets that are being supplied give general satisfaction. But little excitement occurred on I Wednesday during the election of an alder man to fill the place of Mr. Frederick Morrison whose seat in the council bad been rendered vacant owing to bis non-atten dance at four consecutive meetings. The candidates were Mr. Morrison, and Mr. Thomas A. Spencer, .who has before aspired to municipal honors. About half past five o'clock in the Evening a number of citiyrenn assembled In the Town Hall to hear the result of the election which was given, as follows: F. Morrison 95 T. A. Spencer *8 ^ -Infernal ... - -< 1 v . After "the'Maj^or had declared, the result Mr. Morrison made a short speech thanking the electors for the honor they had done him, and moved a vote of thanks to the returning-officer. The proceedings then terminated. A POINT of some importance (says * con temporary) was decided, at the Allora Police, Court, on the 8th instant. At the March Court, the Clifton Divisional Board instituted proceedings against Alexander Shannon, a municipal alderman, for failing to cut the burr on one-half of a pnblic road on wbicji his property abuts. The defence was that the road was a boundary road between the municipality and the Clifton Division, and under joint control," and that, .therefore,- the burr Bbould' be cut by the council and not by defendant. The Bench'considered that, j on the evidence, the road was clearly under i the sole control of the Divisional Board, and J defendant* owning property .' within ^ the ; municipality, but abntting on the road, was compelled to cut the burr, and they adjourned the case for & month in order to enable him to do so, and thus save a minimum penalty of £5. On the case being re-called, on Thursday, it was shown that the burr bad been cut by defendant, and be was let off on paying £1 4s. 6d. costs. THOS the Brisbane correspondent of the Queensland Times-.-Then were only four, cases set down for hearing at the criminal sittings of the District ;Court. Two were disposed of on Mondays and. the other two on Tuesday and this morning. These latter were charges of embezzlement against a young man, named Zylinski, formerly in the employ of Messrs. Geo. Harris and Co. Prisoners's counsil, by very skilful cross-ex amination, managed to show that a decidedly loose style of business'was* carried on probably unknown to the, principal of the firm. Cash was taken, aud thrown on to a desk, to be picked up by the first person who ? came along. Toe son of Mr. Geo. Harris admitted that, "when he was cashier, he frequently paid his own salary out of and borrowed money from the office cash box, and simply placed bis jLO.U. in thei box. The preseut cashier and the chief clerk-both very young men-admitted in the witness box that they had borrowed money, and replaced it with an LO.TL, which was redeemed in due course. In each case the jury found a verdict of " Not guilty." Any other would have been as great a surprise as were the disclosures as to the exceedingly loose manner in which the business of tne firm appears to be conducted. I hear there are already changes, and a re form is .being effected. IK connection with the Fortitude Valley election we learn from the Courier that it is currently reported that Mr. JobnWatsoo,i the late chairman of the Bulimba Divisional Board, has been requested to allow himself > to be nominated to fill the vacancy in the Assembly for the Valley electorate caused by the death of Mr. Frauds Beattie. In I the event of Mr. Watson assenting to the wish of his friends he will come before the electors as a supporter of Sir Thomas M'llwraith. The deputation who waited upon Mr. Thomas Finney asking him to con test the seat yesterday morning received the following reply :-"I feel deeply the honor you have done me in inviting me to stand as a candidate for the Valley electorate, but' I have long determined not to enter political life until I am peculiarly independent. When that time arrives nothing will give me greater pleasure than to represent you in Parliament. At a meeting of the Trades and Labor Council, to be held on Tuesday the question of briugjtag out a labor candid date for the Fortitude Valley Electorate was discussed. It is expected that Mr. Galloway will consent to stand if he is uked to do so. Alderman Babbidge, President of the Joint Board, is also spoken of as a prob able candidate, independent - of any party. We have, however, authority for stating that he will not decide for two or three days. As we are certain the Toowoomba papers will highly praise the Roma Volunteers we do not mind giving a little "jam" 'to the Toowoomba contingent by copying the following paragraph from the D.D. Gazette of Wednesday last:-"On Monday forenoon the station presented gay and animated appearance caused by the departure of the Downs Contingent for the Easter Camp at Lytton. Fortunately, about such a scene there were none of the painful adieux one witnesses where a regiment at home gets the route, for our soldiers will soon be among us again, no doubt all the better for tneir holiday under canvas. The Toowoomba Company under the command of Captain Renwick looked wel in their new Scarlet tunics, and were evidently all in high glee at the idea of going into camp. All told, they represented fifty rank and file, which numbers were increased by forty-two men from Warwick under the command of Cap tain Desbois, and thirty-four from Dalby with Lieutenant Eastaughffe. A special train was drawn np in readiness to receive them and about half past eleven the men received their orders to embark. At Brisbane when they arrived at about five o'clock the com anies were met by Captain Des Voeux. Marching to the Queen's Wharf, our soldiers received encomnman for their trim military bearing. The Otter waiting their arrival thereafter conveyed them to camp were they arrived in time for mess. (N.B.-If Too. woomba papers do not reciprocate we will slang them, and we can do that pretty well when we try -Pr. Steer.) 