A French Historical Ghost - Story. Once upon a time — that is, towards the close of the last century — the forest of Senart did not possess a better reputation than the forest of Bondy has enjoyed in our days. One fine night in the summer 'of 1799 the diligence from Paris to Melun had just entered the allee which traverses the entire length of the forest — centennial oaks whose thick branches shroud the road in darkness. iue ruiuuua anu. coupe 01 ine oia-iasmonea vemcie were full; inside were two travellers, and on the imperiale a provincial tenor made the woods echo to his song. - In such a situation no one seemed to run the least risk, and the diligence proceeded gently at a walking pace. On arriving near Corbeil the driver shook up his horses and made the stones of the sleepy town rattle. At the relay office the guard got down and invited the not unwilling* passengers to partake of refreshments. The latter, nothing loth to accede to the proposal, descended from their perch, looked at one another, yawned, and counted their numbers. ' Hullo ! ' cried the conductor, ' what lias become of my two inside passengers?' 'Don't torment yourself, governor,' said the tenor, 'they will turn up, your travellers, and the wolf will not 'have devoured them.' ' Farbleu ! ' rejoined a notary on his way to Melun ; ' why, just before entering the forest I leaned over to offer them a pinch of snuff at the window.' The conductor searched in vain. No trace of the travellers was to be found. The diligence had to start again without picking up the missing pair. A few days after this surprising incident the police went to inform M. Mehul, Professor at the Conservatoire, of the disappearance of his old friend, Monsieur X. Nothing had been seen of him since the evening on which he had stepped into the diligence for Melun in the Cour des Messageries. The news caused profound grief to the celebrated musician. All the researches he made to dis cover his friend remained fruitless. So strange an occur rence could not but greatly disturb the composer, who 6poke and thought of it incessantly — so much so, that he lost appetite and sleep.' One niglit, when tossing in bed, the clock of St. Roch having just struck two, the moon, shining through the half-opened shutters, threw its rays on the figure of a queer little hunchback holding in liis crooked hands a roll of cord. Mehul rubbed his eyes and raised himself on his pillow, endeavouring to convince himself that he was not the victim of nightmare. The hunchback was stiil there close to the bed, and the terrified musician was about to inquire the reason of this singular apparition, when suddenly his tongue clove to the roof of lus mouth, his hair stood ou end, and a shudder passed through lii6 frame. Behind the little figure with the crooked hands he descried the white shadowy outline of his missing friend, whose faint glance seemed directed towards him. The next instant a passing cloud hid the moon from sight, and the vision vanished. On waking in the morning, when trying to collect his thoughts, the suspicion that it must have been a dream forced itself upon his mind. And yet how vividly he recalled the whole scene. 'I could have sworn,' lie said, ' that- 1 saw my poor friend looking at me sadlv, and making signs to me. But what could the little hunchback have to do there?' Gradually, however, the rememberance of the phantom, which he aid not dare to relate to his wife, disappeared from Mehul's mind, and if he sometimes thought of liis lost friend, he forgot to associate him with his vision. Five years elapsed. Imperial Cassar had ascended the throne of the King of France, and all the world was abroad at the rejoicings that marked the close of one of the troubled stages of the national annals. Mchul and his wife, followed by their children, stood admiring, like good citizens, the illumina tions in the Champs Elysecs. All of a sudden he felt some one tugging at the skirts of his coat. Turning sharply round, the composer seized the hand of the pick-pocket, whose crooked fingers and misshapen form recalled a familiar appearance. Where had he seen them before? While holding the man in his grasp, the recollection of the phantom flashed accross his mind. But in presence of the Cominissaire de Police, Mehul shrank from giving vent to his suspicions. How was it possible to accuse a man of a murder on the evidence of a dream ? Nevertheless, it was only with an effort that tho musician refrained from telling his strange stoiy. All night, while lying on liis bed, with half-open shutters, the moon shone forth as five years m before, and the clock of St. Roch gave forth the hour of two. * Just at that instant a white shadow emerged from the luminous rays at the window, and a sepulchral voice mur mured, 'Avenge me, my friend; avenge me.' This time the composer of 'L'Irats' no longer hesitated. 'Yes, dear friend, I will avenge thee.' ' Forthwith lie repaired to the Police-station of the Champs Elysees and related what he had seen. If it had been any one less important than the maitre de chapelle of the Emperor the C-ommissaire would have dismissed the bearer of so strange a message as a lunatic; but the official listened gravely to his story. A keen examining magistrate was employed to ferret out the sccret of the hunchback. It transpired that during the Reign of Terror the man belonged to an association known as the Tapi-dur (strike hard). After the collapse of the committee of Public Safety portions of this band betook themselves to (he highway for a living, which our friend the hunchback preferred to following his trade of a tailor. Through the indiscretion of a sen-ant he had heard that Mehul s friend was going to Melun to pay into the hands of a not ary the price of a country house he had bought, in which he hoped to spend the remainder of his days. Taking advantage of his lonely situation, the bandit strangled the other occupant of the diligence, and disappeared with his body, which he buried in the forest. A less sentimental jury *h»n is to' be met with nowadays condemned the murderer to the scaffold. Such was the story related the other day in a Parisian boudoir by the grandson of a Marshall of France, who heard it from Mehul himself. 'The imprimatur of 'Mary Summer' is given to this legend. — Ludi Mercury Correspondent. 