EXTENSION OF ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL. Since is*J, wnen tbe nrst Boman Catholic clergyman arrived in the colony, the number of adherents of the Church has steadily increased, and perhaps no better illustration oi tne numerical nrengtn. the body has attained could be given than the scene witnessed on Sunday afternoon, November 7, on the occasion of the laying of the founda tion-stone of the extension of St Francis Xavier'a Cathedral. Shortly after 3 o'clock several hundred persons were present to witness the ceremony, which was inaugurated by the formation of a procession in the Church, composed of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide (the Bev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D.), the Vicar-General (Archdeacon Rui Eell), and the leading clergymen of the body, acolytes, choristers, &c.; The Bishop was arrayed in the gorgeous robes of Ma Eacred office, and as the procession left the Church and wended ita way to the eastern side of the edifice the scene was an impressive one. The choir chanted the liturgy of the Blessed 'Virgin. On arriving at the stone Dr. Beynolds was met by ? ? Mr. A. A. Fox, M.P., who presented to the Bishop a handsome trowel made of Silverton silver with aBurra malachite handle, chastely worked, and containing the following_ in ecriptiont — 'JPresented-to-fee Eighth Bev - Q A. Beynolds, D.D., Biahop of Adelaide by the Building Committee on the occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of the enlargement of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral being the fourteenth anniversary- of his con secretion to the See of Adelaide. November 7 1886 u 'The Bishop Baid^-My dearest friend*, I accept with no ordinary degree of pleasure this instrument, which lam to use in laying the corner-stone of the extension of our Cathedra] Church. It ia indeed a source of great pleasure to meto be engaged in a work so auspicious as this on the anniversary of my consecration. Please say to the gentle men who deputed yon to present to me this trowel that I shall preserve it with the greatest regard all the days of my life, and I shall take measures to have it placed in the archives of the diocese as a testimony to my successors of the devotion of the Building Committee of this Church. I earnestly pray that God's blessing may be upon yon, and on this occasion I cannot but repeat the words of my Dredecessor, that when Bishop, priests, and people are united there is no such word as impossible. I have no words to express my sense of gratitude to yon for your kindly remarks. The usual ceremony for the laying of a foundation-stone was then proceeded with. The Litanies and Palms 83, 86, 126, and 50 were chanted, and Dr. Beynolds marked with the sign of the Cross all Bides of the stone and solemnly blessed it, concluding, ' I de clare this stone duly laid in the name of the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost.' A doc&ment; containing informatianregard bg the ceremony was placed in a bottle under the stone, as well as a medal of the reigning Pontiff, current coins, and a historical sketch of the Church in the colony, and copies of the Adelaide daily newspapers and the Catholic Monthly. The document was as follows: — ' To toe Great and Omnipotent God — This first stone of the extension of the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier was solemnly blessed and laid by Christopher Augustine Bishop of Adelaide on the 7th of the Ides of November, the 14th anniversary of his consecration, the year of our Lord, 1886, being the ninth vear of the Pontificate of our Most Holy Father Leo XUL, by Divine Providence Pope, the jubilee year of our Most Gracious, Majesty Victoria I, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and of these dependencies, her vice-regent being W. C. F. Robinson, Sit., in the presence of a great multitude of the faithful in Christ. 0 Eacred heart of Jesus, bless and direct this work and bring to a haprjy conclusion that which we have begun in Thy name.' There were attached the Archbishop's name, and the names of members of Building Com mittee. The Bishop, in the course of an eloquent sermon, said that it was not requisite to God that they should erect a. temple for His worship, but it was necessary to themselves that they should make a sacrifice in His name. He then stated that the Church in the colony was youru; in years, not yet having attained its jubilee, but young as it was it had a history. God forbid that on so auspicious and joyous an occasion he should allude to anything that would hurt the feelings or causa pain to any one, but he thought it right to trace the career of the Church. In was in 1839 when the voice of Christ reached the Venerable Apostolic Vicar of New Holland, John Bede Holding, telling him that nearly 500 Christians of the Church were in the colony with none to break to them the bread of life. They said that they had no one except a layman to assist them when they were dying, and they had none to baptise their children or solemnize and bless their marriages. They prayed him to send them a priest, as many of them were simply married by the civil .Regis trar. They wanted their unions blessed and accorded the sacred rites of the Church. The Apostolic Vicar heard the voice, and sent his own Vicar- General, afterwards ruling the See of Birmingham, Dr. EUortham, to take charge of the Church in the new land. He came and presented his credentials to the then Governor, but was told that he would not be received because he was a Papist priest. The then Governor, however, little knew the man he had to deal with. He was a legalized officer of the Crown, for he was tent ont by Williarn IV. to report on the scandalous persecutions of a previous Governor of New South Wales. He de manded an audience, got it, and told the Governor his duty, and that he had a right; to receive him as an official of the Crown. The Commissioner of the day refused him a schoolroom (although it was unoccupied on that Sunday, and had been given to every other denomination) because he was the representative of the Pope of Borne. To his credit then came forward a Mr. Neale, an honest, liberal Protestant gentlemen, who, disgusted at the narrowminded individual, eaid if some members of the Church would stack up his crockery ware, they could have the use of hia store, which would accommo date 200 people. In that store divine worship was held. It was now a bakehouse, but that store would linger in the memory of every Catholic in the Diocese as the first place where worship in accordance with the Holy Church was first held. The Apostolic Vicar worked hard, and shortly afterwards the Bev. Father Trenton came from Tasmania Father Colton, of Sydney, was the next to visit the colony and went to Mount Barker, where he baptised ten children. Subse quently, Dr. Bonney, the first Bizhop oi Perth, paid a visit to Adelaide on his way to take charge of hia diocese. In 1842, Father William Benson was Bent to take care of the young. He was followed by the first Bishop, who held service in the old brewery in Pirie street, which was then known as Welsh's store, mas store naa long since passea out of, their hands, as it was only leased, and it was occupied for a very dif ferent purpose at the present time. Subse quently a site on WeBt-terrace waa secured, and St. Patrick's Schoolroom was erected. It served a double purpose, being used as a schoolhouse during the week and. a Church on Sunday. A few months previously the Bishop had laid the foundation-stone of the first Church in the colony, the mother Church of the diocese, St. Mary's, at Morphett Vale. The Church there went on. It had many struggles and much to contend with, but there waa great room for praise throughout it alL When the gold mines were discovered in Victoria- and the colony was almost depopulated, it waa a crucial time for the Church, but the people returned to the colony, and the first use they made of their money was to erect a Church, and that behalf of the Bishop. At that time Mr. Lee, the treat benefactor of the Diocese, became at Catholic. He had always considered it his first duty to give a tithe of hia possesriona to God, and when he became a Catholic he gave the plans of a Church which he bad intended for a Protestant edifice. He also gave £2,000, £1,000 of which allowed of the completion of the Church at West-terrace and the remainder of ' the Episcopal resi de rce. It was fonnd that the plans of the Ciiurch were unsuitable far the foundations, and the late Edward John Peace was com missioned to obtain an architect in England to draw up plans of a building that would ba suitable to the foundations : hence the small size of the Catholic Cathedral of Adelaide. Yet it was a great undertaking for the body. They were familiar with the history of the Church in Ade laide since then, and the work that had been done since his consecration fourteen years Bgo. He did not want to say anything that would sound like self-glorification, but the work had been hard and much had been accomplished. When it had been decided to extend the Cathedral to meet the call for room in the building, a meeting was held and offerings were asked for. That appeal was nobly responded to. no less than £2,500 being received m cash and promises. He again appealed to them to lay their offerings on the stone. He knew their generosity, and w-« quite sure that if the building waa not opened free of debt, very little would remain unpaid on it He urged them to give acoordinc: to their means, the rich out of their abundance, the poor what they could spare. God did not look at the amount, he looked at the intentions, and as their intention was so would the blessing be. Donations were then placed on the stone, Dr. Beynolds commencing with a donation of £100, and reading a tele gram from Father Prendergast, promia firg another J&CO.; The appeal for sub eci jptianB was most liberally responded to, the- amounts varying JBrom £50 to a- fewshfl xttga/ihe .-total for the. day reaching £985 The following is a description of the new part' of the building, for which tenders will be received until Friday next. The addition is only part of the work towards : the completion of the Cathedral. It will include the extension of the eastern aisle. The present eastern wall is to be removed, and the width of the aisle increased by 16 feet. With this increased width the present lean-to roof if extended would have come too low, and, therefore, a new style of roof will be adopted. The aisle will now be covered with small pitched roofs, with gables hipped against cleve story walls. The ex tension will include two new confes sionals; In place of the present lady Chapel a small new lady Chapel will be provided at the end of the new aisIe. In the new eastern wall there will be two large and three small windows, all double lights, and five rose windows in the gables. They will be frilled with zinc forms and glazed with rough Cathedral glasses of different tints. The windows will have small engaged columns on the jambs and mullions. The heads have sunk arches and moulded labels over. The small windows are over the confessionals, and a new doorway near the south end. A small temporary porch, is pro vided at the north end. On account of the damp the new floor will be of slate carried on smal dwarf walls with air spaces between, which will prevent any damp. The gutter ing in the roof running across the aisles is a new idea, A set of double gutters is provided, so that in case of that which is in general use becoming choked the water will have another outlet. This is the idea of Mr. Woods, who has put: it into practice at Parliament House and the Lunatic Asylum. The sketch-plans for the alterations to the Cathedral were prepared by Messrs. Pugin & Pugin, of London, but it has been found necessary to depart from them in some respects. The working drawings and specifications are the work of Mr. E. J. Woods, under whose supervision the work will be carried out. 