Sftetcfeer. ine Lost iscar ironiers. CHAPTER I. It was Deoember in the early part of the present century. The winter had commenced in good earnest, althought the fall of snow was less than usual in "Canada. Time has wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of our story it was very thinly peopled ; the settlements were few and far between. Facilities for emigration were few ; there were no steam ships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamsd of ; the British government were less liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter prise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen "in reduoed circum stances," whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained posses sion of large traots of land, whioh they sought to let at a very low rental to the poorer olass of settlers,, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors after the English - model. Mr. T- — held one of these extensive traots, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spent the whole of his life as a backwoods man, which means that he was inured to all kinds of difficulties and dangers, and that he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had spent his best year3 in the -wilds. Howay, though a yoang man, was past the middle age. Early one December morning Howay started from his log hnt for a day at wood-outting. Besides his axe, he had his gnn and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Bears are not comfortable neighbors ; and cows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach ; besides whioh, their Bkins could be utilised for various pur poses; while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptable addition to the winter's stock of food ; and, moreover, the fat, if not sold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. ' Perhaps it was his eagerness to secure one of the bears, or even all three, as his own prize, whioh led him on to immediate attaok, instead of returning to ' the settlement for help, as he should have done. He began, z. therefore, at once to out down the tree. But as the tree was at least Bixteen feet in cir- oumference, this was no light work, It was needful, too, that he should keep a good look out, in esse his movements should disturb the bears. This he began to do, but, slackening his attention, ho was -presently pat on the alert by the fall of a large piece of bark. Looking up into the tree he discovered, to his no small eonsternijtien, the largest of the bears descending the tree, tail foremost. The appearance of the hear warned him to pre- paro for the worst ; so putting down hi3 axe he seized his gun, with tho intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesi tate. He might wound but not kill the ani mal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberat ing, the bear had nearly reached the ground, - when the dog set up such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. On reaching the top of the trunk where the limb3 branched out, he paused, and turning round, surveyed both man and dog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Howay wished now that he bad sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed more and more perilous. Rillying his courage, however, he seized his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground. But, strange to say, this success rather exoited the , fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best . of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. He returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. Tne tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it struck against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi cal part where the bears had stationed them selves. Stunned and confused, the animals ran so close to one of the men that he actually put the muzzle of his gun close to the shoulder of the largir bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped un hurt, while the doga engaged the wounded one until he shook them off with their flesh badly torn. It wa3 now nearly sunset, and the men re turned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They were provided each " with a rifle, an axe, about six charges of powder, and broad and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Ganada is that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these tracks sometimes take the hunter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-point, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, know ing also that their return must be on their own footprints, and that if there should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with out a trail of any kind. The 12th Deoember passed, and the adven turous huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the next, oame and whent in like manner, and still they did not appear ; the only tidings of them being that about two o'clook on the 12 th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and flows in a direction south-west-by- west into lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and eonoluded that they had perished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farmB and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining to the townships of London and Nassouri, with the purpose of seeking the lost men. They doubted -not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had esoaped harm from the bears, for the cold was intense, their clothing was slight for the winter sea son, they had no tinder box, and were en tirely without means of any kind to protect - them from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every way for their hazardous undertaking. They stocked them selves -'with provisions, pocket- oomp&sses;, trumpets, abundance of ammuni tion, sufficient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires ; and, in addition; they took with them some of the best dogs in the country. There was one thing whioh added to their difficulties — a thaw had taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from _ the ground, excepting in low and swampy situa tions. They had, therefore, no tracks what ever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from the men who had seen them crossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequence, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They continued their searoh, however, for two days, exploring thousands of acres Ci forest and swamp, where they saw no trace of the foot of man. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead — for they had not once come upon their track — the party returned home._ There was one consideration which tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been ; the men had no family, so far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death ; it was simply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end whioh they concluded Howay and N-rlan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Young Mr. T was just in the act of despatching messengers to take an inventory of the property pf the lost men, when the news reached Mm that they had re turned'a few hours before, alive, but in a con dition of the moat utter wretchedness. As sobn as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxious to know for himself that they yrere really alive, and to hear from them an acaount of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need wish to see, nor, having once seen, to behold a second time, They were spectacles of woe and misery and wretchedness almost beyond description— their garments torn, their countenances emaci ated, their eyes sunk, their flesh whitered away, and their whols appearao03 more like spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse with . them seemed like holding intercourse with tho spirits of the de parted. Their privations and sufferings had been so great, that the record of them seems more like romance than sober history ; their protracted endurance was so astonish ing, and their deliverance so remarkably that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven tures. CHAPTER II. It was on the I2th of December, that Howay and Nowlan started in pursuit of the bear. They soon came upon his track, whioh they followed in a north-westerly direotion for at least twenty miles, when night came on. "With difficulty they succeeded in making a fire, getting a light by placing a piece of dry linen on the pan of a flint- lock gun while flashing it. Supperless they lay down to rest, and sleeping they Bpent the night, wMch was exceedingly cold, its rigour being moderated by the warmth of their ample fire. At day light, after breakfasting on the small frag ments remaining from yesterday's dinner, they started again on the traok of the bear, their faithful dog having shared with them the crumbs of yesterday. The bear's track now beoame very much involved, winding and doubling in a manner so. perplexing that, about noon, when they must have proceeded twenty miles, they resolved to give up the ohase ; for having no compass, and the sun not being visible, they were unable to dis tinguish north from south. Their condition was most perilous ; in the depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of their relative, position, lost in the bound- ! less forest. To .make matters worse, a thaw / ' r" ..." had set in ; , the snow was disappearing, and the rain was increasing hour by hour. Thsy now recollected that in the early part of the day they had crossed the traok of another bear, which they thought might lead them to some settlement. They, hoped, too, that if it did not conduot them to the abodes of men, it might lead to the bear's retreat, and that if they were successful in killing him, its flash would afford them food, and its skin Berve as a bed. They followed the track, therefore, until they lo3t it by reason of the melted snow. What to do or what course to take, they did not now know. Hunting the bear gave place to an effort to ward off starvation and to get home. They Eoon fonnd themselves on the bank of a small river, whioh they conceived to be a confluent of the Thames. Here they passed the second night, at the close of a day of hunger, disappointment", vexation, and fatigue. The situation was dreary enough. It rained in torrents, and their only shelter was a few strips of bark. The wolves howled around them, and the tempest was so fierce that trees were torn up by the roots and strewn around in wild confusion. The scene was unchanged when morning broke. About noon, the vio lence of the storm abated ; but the ram fell relentlessly the whole of the day, while the cold was unabated. They again pursued their journey, still sustained by hope. Towards Bnnset, Howay fired at a partridge, but missed it, and they went supperless once more. On the fourth day, they felt the pangs of hunger, so that they could have eaten almost anything, and their thirst was so insatiable that they were compelled to drink every te w minutes. Sixty hourB had now elapeed since they had tasted food, and the appalling idea of death by starvation forced itself upon them. Just before sunset, Nowlan succeeded in shoot ing a partridge, half of which they consumed for supper, and devoured the other half for breakfast the next morning. Bat so ravenous were they that, as they afterward declared, their hunger was no more appeased by eating this bird than it would have been under ordi nary circumstances by swallowing a oherry. Little more than one charge of powder was now left them, gmd this tbey determined to reserve for lighting fires ; for, as the frost had now again set in, exposure for a single night without fire would result in speedy death.. The fifth night was extremely cold, and Nowlan found in the morning _ that his feet were badly frozen. But this was not all. To the exoruciating tortures of frost bitten feet were added an unappeasable thirst and horning fever. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from sunrise to sunset, doing about fifty miles a day ; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that tbey accom plished half that distance. On the afternoon of the sixth day, the_ sun appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they were not on the banks of the Thames ; and as they had crossed that river to the north, tbey ocnld only conclude that they were on one of the rivers wMch flow either northward into Lake Huron or west ward into Lake St. Clair, In either case they would be a long distance from home, and In a region then unsettled by white people. Still as it led somewhere, they chose to follow its conrse, as it might oonduot them to some Indian settlement. In a short time they discovered a boat on the opposite side of the river, and, a little further down a canoe. The appearance of these oraf t inspired them with the " hope that there might be some human habitations or fellow- creatures near. But after travelling several miles, they oame to the conclusion that the boats had been driven down the river during the recent thaw and storm. They were just commencing to out down a tree for the night's fire, when they observed a stack of hay a short distance be fore them, an their . Bide of the river. The haystack oonvinoed them that they were near some settlement, and it afforded them a comfortable bed for the night, where they ... slept Boundly for some hours, whioh was their first proper sleep since leaving home. Re freshed by their repose, they started with new energy, still keeping the bank of the river. The dog, however, their faithful companion hitherto, oonld follow them no longer ; when they started, he staggered a few paces, and then fell. The gnawings of hunger suggested that they shiuld kill him to help to sustain their own life ; hut humanity, and affection for the companion which han served them with such fidelity, got the better of all snoh promptings. They had hardly proceeded a mile on their journey, this sevanth morning, when a new difficulty appeared in the shape of an impassible- swamp, which compelled them to leave the bank of the river and strike out into the pathless waste. They walked all that day and the next, and about four o'clock on the ninth day they came upon the tracks of two men and a dcg. Hope leaped to the eonelusion that they were now near some settlement, and that their toils and sufferings and the withering hunger would soon be over. Alas 1 they were doomed to disappointment. After following the tracks for sometime, they were brought to the very spot where they had rested a few nights before. The footprints were those of their dog and themselves. Despair now seemed to lay firm hands on them. They sat down without even taking the trouble to kindle a fire, feeling that it would be better to be frozen to death, than to seek te prolong a miserable existence. They gazed on each other with countenances fall of the moBt painful emotions ; tears flowed freely down their haggard cheeks ; and their oMef dread was that one might survive the other, to die unpitied and unseen. The apprehension, too, that their bodies would be devoured by animals, was one that added point to their miseries. After they had both been the prey of melan choly for an hour or more, Howay seemed to regain his composure, and told his companion it was their duty still to employ means for their own preservation, as He who gave them being had alone the right to take away their lives. Roused .by these considerations, they set about kindling a fire, using their last flash of gunpowder for the purpose. There seemed then no hope that thsy oonld possibly exist beyond the night of the following day. The- moming found them in a state of apathy ; but they roused themselves to pureue thei-r jour ney, and at nightfall they reached the hay- staek where they had had their only sleep. The dog was still alive, but unable to rise, and was a mere skeleton. - The desire of life onc9 more revived in their breasts, and they ate with ravenous appetite a large quantity of the inner bark of a species of elm. This soon produced delirium, and they lay down among the hay in the greatest mental agony. By doylight the next morn iDg they were better, and wsuld have risen ; bat recollecting that their materials for mak ing a fire were exhausted, tbey resolved to roll themselves up in the hay again and await the hour of death. Scaroely had this resolu tion been formed, when they heard the sound of a cow-bell, coming apparently from the op posite side cf the river. The souDd of a cow bell, they knew, was a oertain sigx of a human habitation at no great distance : tbey there fore arose at once, as if gifted with new energy, and soon perceived a log house, as if recently erected ; but no sign of inhabitant. They could hardly believe their eyes, thinking the log-house might be, after all, a creature of their imagination, disordered by long ab stinence. At length, convinced of its reality, they began to search for means to ford tne river, which turned out to be the Sauble. Finding a crossing-place, they were not long in reaching the opposite shore, where they were met by a white man and two Indians, who took them to the house of a man named Townsend, who was well- known to them, and from whom they received every mark of kind- ness.their forlorn condition required. The ringing of the cow-bell was a happy circumstance for them. The river flowed into Lake Huron at a point one hundred miles from any settlement, and they were only thirty nailes from the lake when, meeting with the swamp, they had inadvertently bent their steps baok into the woods along their owo . 'v track. Townsend's log-hnt was ufty miles from th-i'r homeland had only recently been erected «;ear a salt spring h9 had discovered some time before. Mrs. Townsend attended to tne frozen feet of Nowlan ; and after they had rested and sufficiently recovered strength, tbey started for their own settlement by the aid of a blazed line— bark taken from trees with an axe by a previous traveller — and on Cbristmaa eve, thirteen days after they had left them, they had once more the happiness of entering their own homes and enjoying the comforts of their own firesides 