THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN. [By Deajj Church.] The kingdom of God, the kingdom of heaven, are among the most familiar of religious expres sions. In the Bible they have application more or lees 'limited and special according to the con text The kingdom of God brings with it sometimes God's rule ever all the universe, sometimes His rule over souls and con sciences and wills, sometimes we see it re vealed in the church on earth, sometimes we . look forward to it in the triumph of its laws at the end of all things. But the kingdom oi vioa is one oi tne great themes ol tae Bible ; indeed, _ it may be said to comprehend them all, for in its fullest and most complete mean ing is embraced all that God is to the things which He has made ; all that God is to men, who alone of creatures here below are capable of knowing ff™ and loving Hun ; all that He lias done for them; all that He is doing for them now. When we grasp all that is im plied in our -words, the kingdom of God is as great an object to our thoughts as is natural and common in the lan guage of religion. The belief in God, the Lord and Ruler of the world and men, meets us, of course, in the first words of the Bible as much as in the last, and this involves the idea of the kingdom of God. Bat the idea of the kingdom of God as one vast system, though always implicitly present to the minds of those who knew and served Him, has not always been equally full and equally clear. Like other great truths of religion, it has un folded its significance gradually. Often obscured, even to good men, by the pressure of things visible and sensible, by trouble, by the struggle and business of life, by the customs and prejudices of men; it only step by step disengaged itself from all the cloud in it, and gathered more and more its light and its power over the souls of men. In the history of the Bible is the record, among other things, of the growth in definite ness, in full consciousness, in its supremacy over all counter influences of sight, of nature and habit, of the idea of the kindom of the invisible God. We see in that long and varied history of religion how this great idea pre sented itself with more and more precision to the minds and imaginations of the servants of God, how it wrought upon their souls, now it gained for itself a distinct and recognised name by which it was henceforth to be known. We may trace from the early days to the later how the idea of the kingdom of God received, under the inspired discipline l suo^ssive generations, increasing illumina .o- , a. casing substance and reality, until at length it came to mean all that Jesus Christ meant for us when He came preaching the Gospel of the kingdom of God. The outlines of this great object of religious faith and thought were distinct and prominent in partriarchal religion. When Abraham believed the call and promise of God, when he lifted up his hand to the Lord, the possessor of heaven and earth, when he made his servant swear by the Lord, the God of heaven and the God of earth, he confessed, though he had not named it the kingdom of God. It was the foundation of his absolute and encouraging faith, that faith, that recognition of God's claim upon him by which he is said to have been in a special manner 'justified;' that faith by which he became the type and the examplar of generous, heroic-obedience, obs dience to one who was worthy of his bound less loyalty, who was more to him than all the world, more to him than his only son. And this faith of Abraham in the most high God, the possessor, as he is called in the story of Melchizedek, of heaven and earth, was the heritage left by Abraham to the children of his race. What it was to Abraham in his out- ward acts, we know ; what it was to him in the inner thoughts and his feelings and his soul is hidden from us. Only we know that he is called by inspired lips the 'friend of God,' only we know that one who knows all things from end to end, said of him, 'Abraham re joiced to see my day, and he saw it, and was glad.' 'The Kingdom of God.' The phrase had not yet been uttered, the death and com pass of the thought had not been fathomed and explored; but the whole history of the patriarchs first, and of Israel afterwards, reveals the presence and activity of the belief, on His dealings and relations with the people If His purpose and choice, God though He was the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of Israel, was yet remembered as the King and Ruler of all things, the King and Lord of all men, the judge of all the earth. The kingdom of God was, indeed, in a very definite sense the church of the old dispensation. Its memory was pre served among men, and so it was that the hope was kept alive of that church universal which was to be at last the visible witness of God's kingdom before the eyes of men. The Jews, we know, misunderstood the meaning of their calling. As is so natural to our narrow and limited thoughts, to our selfishness and our readiness to believe in exclusiveness and favoritism, they were ever tempted to confine the kingdom of God to that which was but a portion of it. But they might have known better; they might, if they had not chosen to be blind, have read a very different meaning in their great privileges and in the wonders which had been done for them. Their own belief, their own profession witnessed, if they could have heeded, that their Lord was the Lord of all things, of all the families of mankind, of all souls which he had made. St. Paul's question might have been asked and answered at any moment of the history of Israel. 'Is He the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles?' Yes, of the Gentiles also. Israel believed that the Lord is King ; they believed, that is, in a kingdom of God. But words and beliefs may be familiar to us without our always recognising what they mean and all that is contained in them. A phrase, a doctrine, a discovery, a theory, a deep-reaching principle, the watchword and keynote of a whole philosophy may be in our mouths, may be in our minds in a neutralised and negative state, without life, without influence. The dry seed lies on the ground as dead, and abideth alone; it may lie there and perish; but nursed by kindly sun and showers it may wake up and slowly rise and spread into the mighty tree, the glory and delight of the landscape. So it is with our ideas and con victions ; they may go on, the greatest of them, dead, inert, powerless, fruitless, until they have found their interpreter ; until they have found that answering sympathy and in telligence of the soul which sees all that is in them with the inner eye of the mind, which illuminates, unfolds, and applies them, and animates them with the realities of things. Until this time comes the highest, the richest of ideas may fall unmeaning on an uncongenial age or an alien temper of society. We may listen to its expression with barren respect, utterly failing to measure its reach and discern its wealth ; and so con tinually after it has been living it may pass under new conditions into the barren formula, and the faith which once had felt- and imagined land loved may sink into the language of formal acquiescence. The history of religion in all times is full of instances. Thousands have rehearsed the Creed, its stu pendous confession of the mystery of the Incarnation and of the Holy Ghost, its articles of the Holy Catholic Church and of the com munion of saints, with but the faintest sense of all that such words carry with them. And so Israel acknowledged that the Lord was their King; that He was Lord of heaven and earth —acknowledged it rebelling, sinning, repent ing, relapsing ; in His chastisements, in His forgiveness, and redemption; acknowledged it with barren homage, with the feeling that God's election was the charter of their security and pride. But the time of enlargement came. One of those great instru ments chosen by God, raised up by God to be His interpreter and prophet, to say the things not said before, to open the eyes of men to sights not seen before;— David the shepherd, David the king, David the psalmist, rose under God's teaching to understand, to tell forth what is really meant by the kingdom of God. And the thoughts of David, multiplied, diversified, verified, expanded by the experi ence and inspiration of a series of devout and - holy singers in the Book of Psalms, have taught all generations how to think and feel about the nature and character of that .ever lasting kingdom. Two things appear at once on the surface in this great interpretation of the idea of the kingdom of God. One is its moral purpose. The kingdom of God is, indeed, ex hibited in the Psalms in all of its magnificence, in all its breadth, over nature and man, over the stars of the sky, and the cattle upon a thousand bills, over. - the etorniB of the desert and the waterfloods, over the inarch of history and the destinies of nations and the secrets of the heart of man, over all that vast, inconceivable universe beyond the most distant star. Almost the first utterance of the Psalm is the tremen dous warning against the rebellion of tile mightiest powers on earth against the Lord and His annointed, 'He that dwelleth in heaven shall laugh them to scorn ; the Lord shall have them in derision.' And the book closes with those exulting songs of joy and triumph at the splendor of {God's kingdom in the heights above and in the depths below, which seem more and more filled every time we repeat them with the strength and the new wine of the Spirit of God — 'I will magnify thee, O God, my King, and I will praise tby name for ever and ever.' 'All Thy works praise Thee, O Lord, and Thy saints give thanks unto Thee. They show the glory of Thy kingdom, and talk of Tby power, that Thy: power, Thy glory, and mightiness of Thy kingdom might be known unto men.' 'O praise the Lord of heaven ; praise Him in the height. Praise Him all ye angels of His, praise Him all His host.' 'Praise the Lord upon earth, ye dragons and all deeps. Fire and hail, mow and vapors, wind and storm, fulfilling His word.' 'Young men and maidens, old men and children, praise the name of the Lord, for His name only is excellent, and His praise above heaven and earth.' ''Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord.' Certainly, the imagination _ of those inspired singers grasped in all its fullness and glory the out ward and visible grandeur of the kingdom of God. ' O Lord our Governor, how excellent is Thy name in all the world, Thou that hast set Thy glory above the heavens!' 'For I will consider Thy heavens, even the works of Thy fingers, the moon and the stars which Thou hast ordained.' And not less wonderful did He seem to them to be in His doings towards the children of men, in the tokens of His power and judg ment in the world, in the strange retrospect over the mysterious history of Israel. 'Thy way is in the sea, and Thy paths in the great waters; and Thy footsteps are not known. Thou leadest Thy people like sheep by the hand of Moses and Aaron.' We know how such thoughts as these about His kingdom in creation, in nature, in history, fill the souls of the Psalmists. But the impre3 siveness, and the awe, and the wonder with which they dwelt on what was outward and tangible makes all the more striking the clear ness, the strength with which they discerned anuid all the might and majesty of God's ever lasting dominion, amid all its beauty and all its terrors, the supreme and governing power of a moral purpose of the law of holiness, and righteousness, and truth. That is the great and determining feature of the Psalmists' varied thought of the kinedom of God. It is not merely the kingdom of God the Maker, and God the Ruler oi all things ; it is even mort— the kingdom of God in the closest and deepest relations with the moral world which He has called into being in the wills, and con sciences and affections of men. It is God the Righteous Judge, and the lover and shield of - goodness. God the Consoler, God the Guide, God the Teacher, God the Fountain of joy and gladness, God the Strength and the Song of the true heart, God the Forgiver, God the Healer, God the Helper and the Redeemer, God the Compassionate, God the Most tender and Most Merciful. ' Yea, like as a father pitieth his own children, even so is the Lord merciful unto them that fear Him.' This is He whom the Psalmist recognises and celebrates in the kingdom of God. There is a conviction about the kingdom, which from the first Psalm to the last knows no blessedness but the blessedness of righteous ness, of innocence, of pardon ; it is a kingdom far above man's power to influence ; for above man's capacity to comprehend or measure; which is revealed to man only that he may understand that the law .which never can be broken — more firm than the round world, which cannot be moved, than the heavens so far above us; the law which no change can touch, no might can alter, is the eternal law of right and wrong. ' The earth is the Lord's, and all that therein is : the compass of the world, and they that dwell therein.' ' Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord ; or who shall rise up in His holy place ? Even he that hath clean hands and a pure heart and that hath not lift up his inind unto vanity, nor sworn to deceive his neighbor.' It is a kingdom in which, amid all the serenities of peace_ and glory there is room und care _ for suffering, sinning, sorrowing man. Its King, strong and patient, watches with strictest scrutiny, without rescect of persons, all that mendo and all that men suffer. 'His eyes consider the poor, and his eyelids try the chil dren of men.' (To be continued in our next.) » '* You admire that picture,' said an old Dominican at Padua, as a traveller stood con templating a 'Last Supper' in the refectory of his convent, the figures as large as life. 'I have sat at my meals before it for seven and forty years; and such are the changes that have taken place among us— so many have come and gone in the time — that, when I look upon the company there — upon those who are sitting at that table, silent as thev are — I am sometimes inclined to think that we. and not they, are the shadowe.' 