THE RAMBLER. Yuli ! Yuli 11 You links you lief been loosing mo tins some tlimo More, boot you joost licim mnkin u bluudorlius. I Imf ilium asleep uml von L vos boon dead itsli an Oustriuu owl, hoot I batches myself to lif sguin ash Plinmix, boot somoilimos l Imf boon u Bonsian greyhound. I Imf boon s]iok«laling in I togs, boot zo von 1 boil bus boon tookcn avuy untl 1 om moil. I joost toll you bow dos tings Imf boon. I bod zu pootiful tog uml a viokod poy Imf kooxcd dot tog uvay, boot 1 bof got zu tog book uml dot. younk foilin' zum monsos mu und by gum zo m jestrntws mak« mo gif oop so. tog uml I voops mit mino eyes. 1 tinks 1 Imlobos my self beck lignin to bo zo owl. I bof bad looks in togs, und von I klosos mino oyos to sblnop L tinks I sees dot tog und I pruaks mo bout in zomc poootoy vicli I imf styiod zo ghost. ZU GHOST. I lays mo town in mino littin bod Und I shuts mino bios to'shleop, Hoot zo ghost of zo tog koops in my hod Uml blitzou, my vlosh vos croup. I shnorcs me loud to sknro zo sight Oof zo tog vicli I should Imf, Boot zo toufel a bit vill ze tog tuko Und I krones und rooks mincself. I tinks of zo mon und zo viokod boy. Dot Imf tookin minsli tog from /no, Und I mnkes zom in pills in my mind mit joy, Und I schwears most vickedly. Now vot sliall I do mit zo spirit hound, Vicli hof made mo slmke mit" voar, Donnor I zo plan in mino skull I lief I ketch him und drown him mit peer. Und now po Mowed to zo ghost of of zo pup, Vieli lief vritened und made mo quour, I makes minoshelf pruvo und I gets mo oop Und t trinks vot is left of zo poor. It tins been said that children and fools arc in danger, if they attempt to nmddlo with edge tools, and I lmvo not far to seek to prove the truth of this assertion and would advise children and Dutchmen not to set up as critics of the English language. “Pluenix” may he an excellent Dutchman or Aus trian and prohnbly would be fairly understood with the aid of an inter preter, but T would remind tbe filth generating “Plmiuix” that reputable English is governed by tlm laws of Syntax. It may bo good Dutoli to write “ Faro thee wull,” but it will Imrdly pass muster in an English speaking community ; again “ youthful pnmahnv." will scarcely do, even for Dutoli. Following this mutilator of of our mother tongue u little farther I notico “get thee behind me.” A fourth doss hoy at school, could, on this point give “Plitenix” a hint about tlm lmpom tivu mood. Still, possibly lo show his disregard for tile laws of language he scoffs at the secondary attribute mill writes “far to common.” One moro English cum Dutoli quotation mid l pass. “Pliienix” writes “ In our oluan public print of the Moira Independent, and which referring me.” Perhaps this Dutch curiosity never heard of a relative pronoun agreeing with its antecedent. If not I would suggest that he expend a trifle in the purchase of a giamnr.r for beginners. .It’s strange bow Dutchmen will meddio witji tjic English-language A celebrated/conjuror after having astounded bis audience by performing a number of marvellous tricks, suc cessfully accomplished the feat of swallowing a sword and it is said Unit so excited and elated did this wizard become with tho plaudits showered upon him, that ho oven excelled his last performance and swallowed him self ! A similarly astounding exhibi tion was very nearly presented by my particularly gentlemanly, erudite and truthful friend the Health Oilicor of the Shire, W. C. Rolmcr M.D. Dur ing his term of oiiice lie reported every class and condition of smell and con cluded with reporting the Local Board of Health and had time allowed, he would prohnbly have reported himself, tho opportunity certainly was not wanting.— ■hxit Hcmltli Oflicer. 