TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmodkl-s. For llio sixth year in succession affairs moteorological have interfered with tho success of the opening proceedings in connection with the Spring mooting at Caul field. During tho forenoon ilr. Bond and his henchmen had occasion to flatter thc-mBclves on tlio prosnoct of a change for tho better, but the indications proved to be of a fal30 nature, and just prior to the commencement of operations the familiar rainy accompaniment was forthcoming, much to tho disappointment and discomfort of thoso who had loft town unprepared for tho sudden change which sot in. Tho watery visi tations continued at intervals during the after noon and the enjoyment of tho sport was incon sequence materially interfered tvilh. New- master's opening victory was a rare throw in for the lieldors, who stood badly against tho second horse, Highland Chief, ou whom O'Brioa made a determined run, though lie was unablo to wear down tho outsider. Tho winner adds further to Nowminstor's roputation as a sire, aud as his condition is susceptible of im mense improvement ho promises to increase tho prestige of Mr. Chirnside's sensational Derby favorite of 1B76. Newmaster is built on very substantial lines, and taking into account that ho was considerably above himself, be sides betraying symptoms of a sovcro cold, his performauco was highly meritorious, hike Sun shade and Matador, a pair of Newtninslcrs who have also distinguished themselves this season, Newmaster was bred by Mr. Thos. Chirnsidc, at 'Werribee Park, Ho is out of Primroso, by Cioldsbrough from Corisande, by New Warrior— Io, and bis dam is tbcreforo almost a fail sister iu blood to The Jowol, who is by Cioldsbrough from Io. With tho horso under constant observation itseoms strange tho Cuulfleld touts should hare entirely overlooked Newmaster, of whoso ability to gallop there can be no doubt after his first and only attempt iu public. Huntsman mado somo amouds for previous dis appointments by cleverly landing tho short odds accepted about him for the Hurdle Race, but tho field opposed to him was not a formidablo one, and the only animal thought to possess a chanco of successfully challenging him was currently eported to be out for an airing only, llortenso obtained such ti docidcd advantage in tho start for tho Great Foal Stakes that uouo of her pursuers were able to decrease tbo gap, alboit Yetman and Porhaps mado praisoworthy efforts to do so in the run home. Ilortense'a Btylo was greatly admired as she romped home three lengths in advance of tho dead heators. She is one of the finest looking 2-year-olds in training, andonoof tho niostdetermiued gallopers to which we havo beou introduced for somo time past. Tho South Australians threw in for a fair etako by Hortonso's victory, but they were not over confident of success after her failure at Fleinington, tho preceding week. Yotmau ran a good colt, and by sharing with him tbs honors of second place Perhaps maintained the galloping repu tation of tho Gang Forward— Porad venture family. Hortonso and Perhaps vrcro both bred by Sir Thomas Elder, as also was First Consul, who all but landed tho G niueas. Neivstoad's brother, Abydos, did not maka a creditable (W6uf, neither did the two representatives of Mr. James White, Pontiflx and Sumatra, take a conspicuous part in the nice. Eplourean was travelling very.fast towards the finish, and I feel sure we have not yot seen tho best of Archie's raking brother, Albert Loddon, who some day promises to finish into a racohorso. Lo Grand's sistor, Christine, presented au unfurnished appearance, and will rcquiro timo to thoroughly develop her powers. Tho Guineas affordol the most exciting contest of tho day, . and had not Power experienced difficulty in getting through with First Consul a eurprlso would h&To; resulted. Sir William Clarke's colt was going faster than any 61 his oppoqentsattho finish, and ho caused quite a sensation by, tho brilliant run be mado in the straight. Meanwhile there wd9 a desperate fight going on botween Maddo- lin and Volcano. The first named occuplofi e. I>»rth in the extreme ' rear until reaching tho half mile post, where eho spirted to the front in ti .most- surprising manner,: and after- wprds held her. own' qgsihet-' the vfavorfte,- vJWcBOt.weiJKed' in 'ne'rt the rails. Hales, entered ' a. protest 'tor ' boring, hut ' it was dismtsoedj no 'evideifce feeiogtorUiaomlug in «npport«( the objection. ModdtiinaUxad been flouring 10 indifferently at" Flemlflgton that' neither her owner nor. trainer "faneled her ohance. Tho rank and file of backers wcro on to Volcano to a man ; and tho Chester colt left the paddock a red hot favorite. Mr. Cooper's pair, Blairgowrio and Chesham scarcely ever flattered their admrers, and Gadfly failed to realise tho hopos of thoso who thought they wero doing tho correct thing by supporting tho Ladies' Trophy heroine. Thanks to a finely timed effort, Mr. J. O. Inglis wa9 enabled to seoro a clever victory in tho Australian Hunters' Cup, thereby upsetting a warmly fan cied favorite in Union, who looked like winning easily until Goldfiuder swoopod down on him in" tho last hundred yards. Although Middle- march oncountered Hogmanay on 13 lb. worso torms that when the last named made such a closo fit against him at Fleinington, tho son of Marlbyrnong again asserted bis superiority, and won much easier than ho did on tho pre vious Saturday. Middloinnrch's performances show a return of form, and, such being the case, there is no wonder at blm winning under tho imposts recently awarded him. One noticeable feature iu connection with the Toorak Handicap was the exhibition made by tho non-triers, who forced their presence to such an extent that tho morit of Middlemarch's victory is somewhat discouutod in consequence. Tho hotting market told its own old tale, and it would not surprise - mo to see ono or two animals who wero never in the hunt reappear under more favorable auspices within the next tow weeks. To-day the running will he taken up with the Soiling Race, for -which au unusually largo number of superior platers aro nomi nated. I don't suppose, however, that several of the mora prominent candidates nro intended to see the post, consequently the winner is moro than likely to turn up from amongst tlio ordinary plating traders like Elling ton, SirCharles or Sorcerer. Kelly's stablo owns a formidable representative in Laiido, who may- possibly stretch tho neck of the Now South Wales representative Ellington, whom f take to-be a out above tho ordinary run of Victorian selling race candidates. The Caulfield Stakos is an important innova tion in connection with tho Spring meeting, and tho event will remain notable as the first weight for age contest promoted under tho auspices of the V. A. T. C. (Juita a galaxy of talent is re presented by Malua, Commotion, Dunlop, Isonomy, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, First Prince, See. Of cour3o Malna and Commotion stand head and shouldor3 above tho lot, and in their old form the contest would ba reduced to a match between them, but both are now tho worso for wear and tear and it is quits possible that some of the younger candidates may bo equal to runniug tho rule over them. Isonomy I regard a3 one of the coining horse3 of tho day, and I shall look to him to fight out the issue with Malua, Graco Darling and Sheet Anchor ; hut fit and well I would trust Malua to add another notch to his winning record, and next to him I must split my vote between Grace Darling and Sheet Anchor. After her easy win in the Foal Staked Ilor- tonse is by no means crushed outof tho Nursery Handicap with 8 st. 8 lb. She certainly meets Mistletoe on 4 lb. worso torms than when tho last named silonced her at Flemingtou, but Mr. Barnard lias evidently not lost sight of the great- advantage tho Kingston filly gained at tho start on that occasion. Epicurean finished like a Btaycr iu tho Foal Stakes, and tho 8 lb. advantage on which ho encounters Hortonso should givo him a chance of reversing positions with tho South Australian represen tative. The winner will, I fancy, como from tho top weights named, and T like tliom ill the following order :— Epicnrean, llortense, Jebusite. Of the 102 original candidates for the Caul- field Cup 20 only remain in. This is a great falling off as compared with last year, when 41 horses went to tho post. When the com petitors aro summonod to the flag this after- noonthestartorswill acaroelynumher half those that took part in the last calamitous contest. Tho memorable accident has doubtless some thing to do with tho diminished field on the present occasion. Tho field will bo mado up of the following :— rr.OBABLE STAUTEKS. Vis, at. Hi. Jockey. BoniKA, bv Glorious — Bridget (red ami' wltHs tioify. white alcoves and cap) a 8 7 Olds. ; liniTisnvn, by John Bull — Favorllo (sraeu, whits atripes, led cap) 8 2 Fallon. SlLViaiMixa, by Napoleon— Bllrcrkalr (old gold, purple sash) S 8 0 ItobcrRoa, Hkiil'J, by Gang Forward— Itoroiil.i (marson Jacket, maroon and allver cap) .. .. 4 7 8 Dallou.. 7\. na», by Qsldsbrougli— Ara- lanchc (black, blue sash, white cap) 5 '7 10 Argall. Bus Hoi.t, br Newbold — Lidy Baldwin (scarlet and black hoops, scarlet cap) 5 7 8 O'Brien. Sr. Jtmx, hy Conrad— Euph- rosyne (cardinal, blue cap) 5 7 6 IVilU.uniou. f.irn.K Jons, by Hamlet— Matl of tho Mount (blus, red and white cap) 6 t7 5 Cracknel! Brnaionr, by Goldahrough— Lady Sophia (brown jacket, rose cap) 4 '7 3 Gouglt. LEaniA,byTlm>Vhi(Uer(linp.) . Peerless (whlto, red collar, cuffs and can) a 7 2 Bcdfcani. Kecbix, hy Tlio Drummer— Croclicttc (black Jacket, red sash, red cap) 4 7 1 Power. Tub Lkvite, by Yattcndon— S. E. D. (purple, orange ceres and cap) a 7 1 Campbell. Bosxis Dour, by Mauuka— Medea (violet Jacket, car dinal cap) 4 7 1 Morrison. Mirostr, by Captlvator— Mota (blue, crimson stare. Ihlusrap) a 7 0 llamagc, Tasi'KU., by dang Foiuurd— . ltnmuU (blue, wblto cap).. 5 6 13 Fagg. SlF.N'Oionr. by Kelpie— Miir- maid (black, gold scaina) .. 6 6 11 Guy. UiLUTKsau, by-The Diver— . My Lady (geranium, gold : sash and cap) 6 6 9 Gorry. Jl« Cm, by -Hamlet— Mall of the Mount (bluo. red and vilille cap)... 4 6 9 Uftwycii. Purer Coxaot. by Gang Fsr- ward— Joiephtae(whtt«, red - laavtaendcap) .......... 3 8 .8 Bruce. fsixmiy by Countirroan— Britannia (card laaliad. black . stripes, black cap) 4 ® 6 TomlW. including 7 lb. penalty, t Including 6 lb. penalty. Books heads the list- with 8 st. 7 lb., gnd he has been galeoted to represent Mr. S. Miller, iu preference to William Tell and Impulse, whom he easily defeated in a recent trial. Boolka's record doo3 not favor his prospect of winning an important milo and a half race such as that on the tapis, still tho stablo contains a sufficiency of trying tackle, and on that recommendation the son of Glorious aud Bridget must necessarily command respect. lie performed brilliantly as a 3-year-old, but he never afforded any indica tion of staying until his fifth year, when ho finished well up with the leaders in the Mel bourne Cup won by -Malua. He has now a stone moro to carry, but for all that 8 st. 7 lb. is not a crushing impost for a horse, who, with 14 lb. more on his back a3 a 3-yec.r-old, cat out one oi tho best 6 furlongs ever seen at Caulfield. Taking one consideration with another, there fore, thero are more unlikely things than that Boolka will bo equal to proving himself tho hero of tho hour. Britisher, 8 st. 2 lb. , has 131b. more than when lie ran second to Grace Darling last voar, and judging of the prominent posi tion he holds in the market, llie friends of Mr. Lougblin's horse are sweet on their chance. Silvermine, 8 st., i3 admirably qualified to play au important part in tho im pending struggle. His performances last sea son proved him to be. an exceptionally good horse at all distances, his premier efforts being in tho Nowmarkot! Handicap and Sydney Cup, in both of which races he ran second. His most meritorious behavior wa3 in tho last named event, when he suffered defeat by Cerise and Bluo after cutting out all the running. Silver- mine has since improved beyond recognition, and will to-day strip one of the finest specimens of the thoroughbred over seon on a racecourse. "Although he was soma timo ago stopped in hi3 work for a' whole week, Foulsham. sparod no pains in bringing round bis charge, and notwithstanding a complete knock out in tho market, ho promises to start tho warmest favorite ever known for a Caulfiold Cup. Even those who pronounced his case hopeless three weeks ago now think highly of his chance, aud, come what may, I feel firmly convinced that the black son of Napoleon will take an immensity of beating. The Flomington touts do not re port favorably of Remus, 7 St. 8 lb., who will be found a tip topper whenever he chances to come fit to tho post. Ben Bolt's performances invest him with dn undeniable chance at 7 st. G lb., and as his preparation has beon oi tho most satisfactory order, there is ja3t reason for the unlimited confidence repored in him by the followers of Kelly's stable. St John, 7st. 5 lb., is too uncertain to merit faith in so important , a contest as the one under notice, neither do I entertain a partiality for'/.auo, 7 st. 10 lb., or Le3bia. 7 st. 2 lb. Bonnie Doon, 7 st. 1 lb., looks liko playing second fiddle to her stable- companion, Silvermine j and Tho Levite, at tho same weight, does not appear to be fancied by the South Australian contingent. Recall, 7 st. 1 lb., has been warmly supported on tho strength of a satisfactory trial, but I shall be folly prepared to seo Britisher prove the bettor of the two Bowling Forest candidates. Little John, 7 st. 5 lb., should run well on the strength of his defeat of Meteor at Geelong, though I am not by any moans too deeply in love with him and shall expect to see him run a better race at Melbourne than at Caulfield. Burrilda, 7 Bt. 3 lb., Maronoy, 7 St., and Tarpoia, 6 st. 13 lb., are, to my mind, outclassed ; and I don't think Millstream, G st. 91b., or Islander, 6 st. G lb., equal to furnishing a surprise. Tho very best outsider in tho raco I tako to be Montmore, 6 st. 11 lb,, who ha 3 pre cisely tho same weight as he won the 'l'oorak Handicap (one milo) with at tho last V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, and a pound more than ho afterwards carried into second place in the Hotham Handicap at Fleinington. As yet tho stablo has made no move, but the least sign on the part of the Mordialloo party would cause me to strongly countenance the claims of this matured son oi Kelpie. Jim Cain, G st. 9 lb., won four out of five races last season, and being an own brother to Little John, it is quite possible for him to be able to furnish n sensa tion. On performances he is undoubtedly the best handicapped horse of the wholo fleet. Strange to Eay First Consul, 6st. 81b., is tho only 3-year-old engaged in the race, and on tho strength of the hold bid he made for the Guineas he may run well for a milo, but 1 havo no confidenco in his ability to win, lightly though ho is treated. . This concludes the list of candidatos, aud I havo now to undertake tho summing up. When I first reviewed the handi cap four months ago, Silvermine, Bon Bolt, Britisher, St. John and Mentmoro were amongst thoso I picked out as tho plums of tho puddiug ; aud last week, when he was on equal markot terms with Ben Bolt and Recall, f ad vanced a Biugle handed declaration in favor of Silvormino, who has since taken snch a decided lead in the quotations that I havo no reason to alter my penchant tor the aristocratic Tnsman. I hare thoreforo to repeat my preference for SILVERMINE, in whoso wake tbo battle for places may be fought oat by tho three B.'s, Britisher, Ben Bolt aud Boolka. If a genuine surprise is in store, rocommend mo to Mentmoro. Tho Steeplochaso promises to attract a large field, and a good display of jumping may be looked forward to. The principal performers are so well looked after that I expect to see tho winner turn up from amonget the mqrc leniently treated division, of whom X entertain moat respect for Sir Samuel, Contingent and Nabocklish. Terang is nicely handicapped at iOst. 81b., but tho distance appears to ben trifle too far for him. Of those above 11 et., I liko Native the best, and if in form this horse can bo depended on to render ft credit- ablo account of himself. To come to the point, I would be inclined to discard everything in favor of Str Saniuol, who may oxperfenco most trouble from Contingent and Native. Creditable as was First Consul's .display in ! the Guineas Mr. Barnard has apparently treated him with undue severity by placing him at 8 et. in the Windsor Handicap, and tbns promoting him over the heads of a host oi horses who have at vorions times won good handioaps. For instance, he is called span to n— hi meet Hogmanay on 20 lb. and Salvo on 13 lb. worso conditions than when they both defeated him at Flemington a fortnight ago. Again, it seems equally unfair that he should be plaocd wiihin a few pounds of performers like St. Odille, The Ghost and Gardenia. Tho best handicapped trio in the raco I take to he Don Giovan, Kenneth and Donald, for whom X musf declare in the order named. On Monday Mr. Miles and his assistants wero busily engaged at tho V.R.C. office re ceiving and classifying entries for the races not previously closed to bo run at the ensuing Spring Meotiug. Compared with last year, tho aggregate (exclusive of the Melbourne Cup, Derby, Oaks, Maribyrnong Plate and Marea' Produce Stakes, which had previously clo3od) shows a decreaso of 37, the respective' numbers being 788 in 1835 and 751 for 1836. As, however, the weight for age Hurdle Raco and Steeplechase havo been abolished; and only the Special Juvonilo Stakes (which has filled vory badly) substituted, last year's list represented 21 races, as aguinBt 20 tor 1886. A glanco over the list will show that there is a probability of Malua, Trident, Com motion, Trenton, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling and The Plunger meeting over variouB dis tances at weight for age, which alone should bo sufficient to vest the meeting with un common interest. A gratifying feature in the voluminous list is tho presence ol Lord Carrington's name a3 a nominator in several of the 2-year-old races. It 13 to bo regretted that the special Juvenile Stakes, for 2-year-old geldings, has only attracted seven nominations, as the object of the club in sub sidising this stake to tho extent of 300 sovs. was to lessen tho number of worthle33 young 8ire9 by which tho country is overrun. A disinclination to measure strides with Epicu rean and Firebrace accounts in a measure for tho paucity of nominations. Sir Thomas Elder took tho leading honor: as a breeder at Caulfiold last Saturday, for, in addition to breeding both Uortenso and Madde- lina, the winners of the Foal States and Guineas, Perhaps and First Consul, who gained a placo each, were also reared at his stud. It is a feather in Gang Forward's cap to < claim llortense, Perhaps and First Consul, and hi3 record would have been considerably im proved bad tbe last named chancod to reverse positions with Maddclina and Volcano, as most people thought ho should have done. It is a remarkable coincidence that the three placed horae3 in both the Foal Stakes and Guineas woro bred outside Victoria. The large percentage of non-triers in the Maiden Plate, Hurdle Raco and Toorak Handi cap last Saturday was a subject oi remark. The evils in question claimed one re deeming feature, namely, that no robberies were committed on tho speculating pub lic by the creation of spurious favorites, as is not unfrequently the case. The market afforded a tolerably fair indication of the horses whose saddle cloths bore in invisible ink tho letters " not wanted on tho voyage," aud more than one of these may bo expected to shortly ' render a display of form that will contrast favorably with last Saturday's running. Fourteen appoars to be tho favorito main for ' ' tho Caulfield Foal Stakes, this being the numerical strength of tho fields which have dis- puted the honors in four years out of six. ' Anothor coincidental circumstance worth re marking is the fact on three occasions a dead heat ha9 taken place for second money. > Silvormino was a prominent figure in tho , pnddock at Caulfield last Saturday. At tho conclusion of the racing he was stripped in company with The Chanter, who accompanied him a round and then retired in favor o Sirocco, who assisted his stable companior daring the Inst mile of a highly satisfactory gallop. Those who witnessed tho performance and tlisy wero present in goodly numbers, pro- ' nounccd the spin to bo the best done at Caulfield tbis season. As if uot to be outdone by the . rival favorite, Kelly brought out Ben Bolt od the following (Sunday) morniug, and showed , ; the touts a go which is said to have beon little or nothing inferior to Silverminc's spin. Tho rain interfered considerably with the en joyment of affairs at Elsternwick Farkon Wed nesday lest, but notwithstanding this draw back some excollent sport was provided. Louis, on the strength of his Flemington running, was served up warmly for the Hurdle Race, but he could finish no nearer than third to Goraldine, who came right away from her fiold at the . finish, Lando, although n strong tip for the r October Handicap," was never iu the hunt with Umbra, who led from start to finish. Have- lock and Ruby wcro both fancied for the " Steeplechase ; tho last named looked like win ning up to the third fence from home, . whore she fell, leaving Havelock to score an s' , easy win over Brown Eagle, the remainder fol- lowing in straggling order. Tho odds of 5 to 2 freely laid on Ambassadress for the Selling Race ' !' were never in doubt. The public eagerly fol- . i lowed tho stable move in favor of Kohai for the . EUtcrnwick Park Handicap, and so well did ' the favorite appear to hold the field at the home turn that 2 to 1 was offered on him iu ' ' hundreds, but ho curled up instantly they got ." .J into tho straight, and finished like a coward. , Salvo, on tho other hand, responded froely . j when called' upon for a final effort, and canto '... home an oasy winner from Genoa and Sirocco. What an improving mare Industry must be. . Her throe separate victories at the lateA.J.C. meotiug were sufficiently meritorious, but on Saturday last, at Sandwich, sho eclipsed them by carrying 8 st. 12 lb. to victory in the October ' Handicap, of 1 mile 2 furlongs. Lord William', ' - who was in receipt of 16 lb. from the New Zca- , land bred mare, finished a good second. On '' the same day old Balmoral oame out of his t: shell by winning tho first and last races ol th$ ; ' day, the Hurdle Race and Corinthian Plate, f ' Trident, who had done nothing hut cantering since hie' arrival at head quarters, was sent along on Tuesday morning in company with Monto Christo, who bad Holes up. Thd pais / ! cantered a round on tho sand, and then wens: > at three-quarter pabe lor ft few furlongs, pn)le$ ; '. up and repeated the performance. The Derby and Cup favorite was very eager to travel faster. Ho appears to be all right now, although last week some doubts existed about bis fitness. The following programme has been adopted by the -"Wyndbam Racing Club for the meeting to be hold on 5th Novembor: — Trial Stokes, 30 govs., seven furlongs ; Hurdle Race, 40 sovs., one mile and a half ; Spring Handicap, 100 sovs., one mile; Selling Handicap, 50 sots., five furlongs ; Grand Stand Handicap, 60 sovs., Blx furlongs. i The Winchelsea Racing Club has issued the following programme for next Boxing day's meeting, Yiz.: — Hurdle Race,' of 30 sovs.; Maidon Plate, of 25 sovs.; Winchelsea Handi cap, of 40 sovs, ; Handicap Trotting Race, of 30 sovs.; Disposal Stakes, of 35 sovs.; Ladles' Bracelet, of 20 sovs.; and Selling Hack Race, of 15 SOTS. Mr, W. Forrester's string, under the charge of W. Bainos, arrived safely at Flemington on Friday laBt from Sydney. They include Silver King, Halcyon, Minerva, Burrilda, Gold Lake, and Brown and Rose. They are located at the Racecourse Hotel Harry Totbill reached Newmarket on Monday from Adelaide. He brought with him Affluence and Surprise. Norman and Ballarat have also arrived in charge of Wyman. Boxes at the Newmarket Hotel were secured for them. Jebusite, by Darrhvell, from Tyropenn, got away from his boy on the Flemington training ground on Monday morning. Owing to the bridle slipping off the colt's head, and getting entangled in his feet, the son of Darriwcll gal loped across the ground ; after jumping a ditch he ran full tilt into the fence which rails off the course proper, and brought down a pest aud a couple of panels, as well as himself. He was then secured. Jebusito was on the tracks the following morning, none the worse apparently ior bis escapade. Rufus, the V.R.C. Derby hero the year Bargo was looked on with so much favor, made his appearance on the Flemington training ground on Monday. The son of King of the Ring looks well after his longspelL The intercolonial sporting press will be well represented in Melbourne during the ensuing spring campaign. "New Warrior," of the Sydney Tribune ; Mr. F. W. Davies, of the South Australian Adrerliscr; "Trumpeter," of the A dclaide Obserrcr, and "Caspian," of the Syd ney Toicn and Country, ore amongst tho " spe cials " who have arrived. On Tuesday, Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co., submitted for sale the Coronet Lodge train ing establishment, at Newmarket. The highest price Bid waB .£2840, but as there was a reserve of £3700 the property was withdrawn from ale. v Lord Carrington's two-year-olds, Esperance and Jessica, have arrived safely from Sydnoy. They were on the Flemington training ground on Wednesday morning, but only did walking exercise. On Thursday the members of the Gcciong racing club held their annual meeting, when it was stated that tho club commenced the pre vious financial year with a credit balance of £30 17s. 4d., and this year finished with a credit balance of £611 18a 2d. The midsummer meeting resulted in a profit of £204 7a 9d-, and that of the winter meeting to £87. 10a lid., and the sale of horses realised tho sum of £355. Against these amounts there were sundry accounts with re gard to the expenses for stakes run for under the club's auspices, advertising, salaries, com mission, Sic. The election of office bearers re sulted OS follows : — Stewards — Messra E. A. and S. Austin, S. V. Buckland, A. Chirnside, R. Chirnside, jam, C. J. Dcnnys, T. Hawkes, A. C. Ibbotson and D. L. Wallace, with power to add to their number ; auditors — Messra J. A. Whitfield and Henry Bannister. It was agreed that tho stewards should elect the starter, handicapper and tho clerk of the course 