-: THE DEFEAT OF THE SALISBURY MINISTRY. A VICTORY FOB THE IRISH PARTT. (From United Ieeland, Jan uarv 30.) House oE Commons, Wednesday.— The first pitched-battle is over, and the shout of Iri-h. victory resounds far and wide over the battia'- , field; For the second time within a few months Irishmen have to r ted the felicity of hurling ft Coercion Government from power. They chnv tized the Whigs by the aid of the Tories. Thu? . have now reversed tHe process, and the WhLs, who went out with a Coercion Bill in th-ir pockets, came back repentant to turn out iha Tories for lapsing into coercion themselv *. Nothing could be swifter or more dramatical) v complete than the Irish revenge. At five o'cJo k in the evening the Chancellor of the Excheq ?? r announced the Coercion Bill, and proposed to begin on Thursday the extinguishment of the National League ; at one o'clock in the morning he and his Government gave up the ghost, Afc . five o'clock it ? was the little Oranga Irish gang who were jumping and shriek* ing with :- joy over the prospect of coir cion ; within a few hours the den^o mass of Nationalists were sending up » mighty shout, which was their volley over i h o grave of the Coercionist Ministry and all thfir plans. On Thursday, when Ministers proposed to introduce theii Bill for suppressing the National League and penalizing boycotting, they will announce that her Majesty n is graciously accepted their resignation. Ne ir did condign punishment more swiftly descend upon unscrupulous dealings with Ireland. The Tories played an unutterably mean and vat il lating game. They neither boldly espoused the, coercion polioy nor let it alone, Mr. Parnell, with rare tactical skill, pinned the Government to an engagement to allow an immediate division ou Mr. Colling's amendment in the agricultural labourers' interests. From that moment tie Cabinet's fate was sealed. Their desperate game of getting turned out upon the Irish question had to be given over. By a stroke of poetio justice, they who gained office by dropping coercion fell the moment they attempted to renew it. The new House of Commons had assembled for its first sitting with mingled and uneasy feelings. Anything might be born of the situa tion. One could feel it, as one feels heat or cold, that we were closed within the moments of a crisis, during which great issues hung upon tho accent of a word. How was the House going to receive the Irish. question P There sat tho new Irish phalanx, filling all the benches belnw the gangway and invading for the first time the benches above that line, so that the deep roar of Mr. Jordan, of Enniskillen, was reverberating under the Speaker's nose. It was a formidable demonstration, a phalanx knitted together like Roman legionaries, a gleam of excitement in every eye, gay withthe gaiety of their race 'when danger is nigh,' readier for battle than for trace. It was a sight well cal culated to exasperate British pride. The British public as represented in the House of Commons were in a frame of mind for any proposal directed against Ireland. Everything looked well for the Government. A bold policy in harmony with the feeling of the hour might fix them in the authority they held no precariously. An angjfy v/ord would fire tho train, and Liberals as well as Tories—once passion was lit — would bo cavned away by the outburst. So felt the Irish Party aa they regarded with defiant mien the hosts of Conser vatives opposite and tho ahift}/ Government watching their chance n'om the Treasury bench. This was the condition of tho House, when Mr. Gladstone arose. If: was a supreme moment. Every ear strained to heai' whafc the great Eng lish tribudo was about to say. You know his gpeech. By this time every phrase of it has been conned by the readers of Irish newspapers. But how shall I describe its effect upon the as sembly that listened to it ? When ho reached the burning question, and in one lofty flight of eloquence lifted it and his hearers above the sphere of party passion, when he stood there, his two hands raised in solemn gesture above his snowy head, a light of inspiration seemed to emanate from his face. I thought of that fine naelaphoi' in which Virgil likens the effeet of a just man upon a troubled assembly to that of Neptune rising and bidding tho stormy sea be still, I felt, and every heaver felt, that in that momenfc tho crisis was passed. One by one the doubts and the passions and the rancours disap peared under tho spell of taatxnngie tongue. In telligence and amenity took their place. The House had been illumined. It looked and be held tho great issue that till then had been hid behind the smoke. Tho Government in con sternation throw up the sponge, and the party of which tho orfttor waa the leader, and which a few minutes before was discontented to the verge of mutiny, shouted like one man in un controllable enthusiasm behind him. It wa9 the greatest triumph of oratory I had ever witnessed. But what a consummate hiatvion, what; a wizard of. words is this Gladstone ! While the House was under tho chloroform of his eloquence, while it followed with delight its changing phases, its humour, its beseeching, its denunciation, while it watched him prove himself, among his own party and among his enemies a giant among pigmiep, it did not see what a feat of pure word-magic he was perform ing. He stood victor on the field ; he had routed hia enemies and carried his friends along with him wildly — vet he had com mitted himself to nothing ! If in power to morrow he might go in for Cotrcion or Homo Rule, and that speech would not malre him in consistent, No matter! He only showed t-bat he was as much a statescraftman — ' an old Par liamentary hand' — as he was an orator ; and tho party which a Parnell leads is not likely to fo* get this when it comes to deal with Gladstone the Minister. The eloquence had its effect, all the same. The speech was a victorious battle, [fc turned tho tide, and God alone knows from . Vrbat it saved the ' sister kingdoms' of Great Britain and Ireland. But the triumphs of eloquence did not end with Mr: .Gladstone's speech.' The following night the House was to' be treated to another, if not greater and nobler, display of oratorical genius. Mr. Sexton had -a most difficult situation to deal with. The utterance of Mr. Gladstone, and the impressive state ment of Mr. Parnell, had left the House uncertain whether or not it was bewitched. Sexton seems to hold in one hand a rapier with which, whenever: he is interrupted, quick as a flash, he pins his rash challenger. Not a word was lost upon a House, every corner of which was crowded,: and the most eager listener was Gladstone - himself, who strained.1 out of his place to keep a view of the speaker. If Ireland, is to have statesmen like this to manage her affairs, English members must have asked them ? selves, why delay entrusting her to such hands ? '! ' PARNELl/s I SPEECH. : \ . Mr. Parnell rose when Sir E. Temple had delivered himself about India. The recruited Irish party greeted their chief with a vociferous welcome, which gave the Britons a taste of the recruited' strength of the Irish' benches. The first sentences uttered by the Irish leader were a cold shower bath for Mr. Broderick, who bad blundered into tha statement that Mr. Parnell made certain speeches ia America in 1882. The Ministerialists came to the. rescue of Mr, Broderick; V They shouted, 'November, 1881,' and thought :1 hey had Mr. Parnell. But in November, 1881, - the hon. member for Cork was in Eilmainham Jail The Ministerialists were bowled over; and went do wo under a shout of derision from the1 Irish; brigade. ! , :, Mr. Parnell, Having disposed of Mr. Broderick's inaccuraoiesj proceeded-^Iliope in tlae debate to imitate the spirit which was. shown in this debate by the right hbh. the member for Midlothian, and I desire ' to say that the ri ght - hon. gentleman has approached it in- a manner worthy of .the great traditions associated with his.naine and 'the great power and influence .which he j-ossesses. (Hear, hear.) The. right hon. gentleman invites me to state the demands, that, more than five-sixths of the representatives of Ireland make in regard to their country'. Well, this is not the occasion or the time to. do that; but I have no doixbt that will be done when the right opportunity has been found. .For the present the majority of ' the' speeches in; this House; have dealt with the pre sent condition of affairs in Ireland and on criti cisms on the speech of the right hon; the member for Midlothian; I have not the slightest doubt that a solution will be found to enable Ireland to be entrusted witH the right of selfgovernruent (cries of ' Oh' froln -the' Ministerial sideband counter-cries of 'Order 'from the Irish members) — andsb as to: secure these guarantees rregarding the integrity of: the Empire] the ^supremacy of the Crown,; and: the protection, of .what is-. called the minorityr^.wllich are asked for. by the leaders of, both political parties in the. House.., I have always felt : that if- we could ? agree upon the ! . principle that the, Irish; people are entitled to , selfgovern ment,, we should hot find the ' details so very formidable^ Neither should, we find;the great difficulties of securing the Empire against the chances bf, separation as seem to oppress the pnblic mind in England at the present moment. My opinion ;' is, that instead ' of increasing ?? the chances of separation, the concession of autonomy to'. Ireland would- very largely: diminish -these chances. (Home- Rule, cheers.) The feeling in this- country 'that trust in Ireland would result in danger to ..the 'Empire, simply arises from the want of knowledge' which must befall English men in reference to any Irish quoation, and froni the very industrious : attempts which' ; ;have been get onf opt by SQme gentlemen assuming to reprer sent, ife.e' landlords of Ireland with the v^ew of throwing public; opinion in this country on the wrong scent (hear, liear)--^of drawing the atten of the people from the real issue. I believe there is no real apprehension as to the integrity of the Empire, and that the'. very people who, are lottdest in their. ta].k; about- the visits Of th.e loyal minority of Ireland and th'e integrity of the Empire know perfectly well that there: is no foundation for 'the fears they express. ? (Cheers.) ; Now this' question is really one of the amount of rent that: the landlords-; of Ireland- shall receive. (Home ;Rule cheers), ..and. when ..-, hon. members representing ;the landlords , of the country talk' ? about the integrity of the Empire- thsy are, thinks ing about tha .integrity, of. their breeches ppckdts. (Renewed cheering.) ,'If 'the land question— a ?'' very difficult one wo admit— were ''settled on a basis 'satisfactory to the Irish, landowners and tenants, we should hear nothing more from Irish representatives opposite about the integrity of the Empire and the risk of separation'. We have heard' to- night of the necessity of protecting the loyal; minority in Ireland. I was born a, Protes tant,- I have always5 lived a Protestant, and I hope1 to die a Protestant';, and [if in the future, after-'the concession , of .the. Irish; claims, any .danger ; were ' to . arise to. my Protestant fellow countrymen, I should be the first , to stand 'up for liberty of speech,. liberty of conscience (cheers), and the liberty to live and thrive to every section of the country ; and, perhaps T might be a more effectual aid in 'times of real danger than some gentlemen 'who talk so loudly, and boast bo much. (Cheers.) ,1 am convinced that the Catholics of Ireland would not ; attempt to oppress their Protestant' fellbw-couhtrymen, but that' they would desire that the Protestants of Ireland should have more than fair play — that they would endeavour to bring them to the front, and give them the fullest share in the government of the country. 'The Catholics of Ireland are j-er- fectly willing that any guarantees that the in genuity of .men ean'fyainp for thp jprcitec|;ioa of the minqrity shall b(G framed-- (Efoino Rule cheers) -^anc! sfiajl be' put in force. 'Indeed, jbhey would treaji much 'more justly and much more generously the millions of Protestants in regard to their future representation in an Irish phamber, than the Protestants of England and p£ Scotland had treated the two millions of .????;'? Catholics in respect to the representation in thj.s Imperial Parliament. (Hear? hear.) Allusjicm haa been made in the Queen's Speech and by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to what is called boycotting, and the difficulty of obtaining rents. Undoubtedly, with regard to the question.' of rent, the situation of affairs in Ireland is very serious, and that result is one which I have deprecated very much. Neither the organization of which I am the head nor myself can charge ?? ourselves with having done . anything to foment that agitation. On the .contrary, so far as our influence Has been exerted, and it has been exerted very largely, it has been directly used to prevent boycotting,' and it has also been used; in repressing and restraining a movement which has sprung up in a spontaneous manner amongst the people themselves. The present movement ag»inst the payment of rent differs very much from the Land League movementof 1879 and following years. The Land League spent fully a quarter of a million sterling in organizing the tenants, and in persuading them' to resist the rents which were admittedly rack-rents. That movement resulted in the passing of the Land Act of 1881. But we have not spent one penny upon the present movement, and therefore it cannot be said that it is a movement which has been fomen ted by Outside agitation and outside aid. The Irish tenantry are represented as persons desirous bf ? evading their obligations. That is not my experience.- (Oh,, oh.) My experience is, that they have been rather too desirous of pay ing exoessive rents, and that they have attempted to keep a roof over their heads at any cost. But now their position is so desperate, brought about by such reductions in the prices of agricultural produce that we have not had any experience of for thirty years, that they have been forced into a movement to claim reductions from certain landlords, and not all the landlords, because I, believe the majority of the Irish landlords are now giving the reductions which the tenants ask, and are in that way saving the tenants from extermination and also saving their own pockets. But in the case of che majority of the landlords I have referred to, and who have refused all redress, there does exist a combination within each estate for the purpose of attempting to obtain a reduction of these rack-rents. If the matter is inquired into I think it will be found that this is the utmost to which the matter can be stretched. This agricultural depression does exist, and her Majesty's Government must know it, and it has sprung up since rents were fixed under the Land Act of .1881. The rents were then fixed for a terin of fifteen years, but these rents, owing to the fall in the price of produce,, have become impossible to maintain, and I think it is no detraction to the exertions that were made at that time by the right hon. gentleman the member for Midlothian to say that the rents fixed under his Act have not been paid owing to the bad seasons making it impossible for the tenants to pay them. There are many examples of landlords in Ireland. In admission of my con tention of the enorbitancy of rents, I will take a case in my own county of Wicklow, a county which haB always been remarkably free from crime, I will take the estate of a nobleman where the rents are twenty per cent, lower than the rents on the rest of the estates in the county — I mean the case of Lord Fitzwilljam, who baa landed property worth ;fully .£5Q,QQQ a year, On Lord Fitzwilliam's estates a reduction of fifty per cent, on the half year had been made to all the tenants. This is a conclusive proof, I think, as far as proof can go, that there is very great agri cultural depression in Ireland, and that that agricultural depression is recognised, not only by the tenants, but by the landlords. But what must be the fate of poor tenants in a county like Kerry— (National cheers) — where concession is refused, and where the only answer a tenant gets is no ? We are told now that the Queen's writ did not run in Ireland. Writs may not only run, but fly, for they came in clouds and storms. These are only extreme cases, but if the Gfoverox ment step in and support a sniaH minority of land owners, who ^re, yefqsing co,ncessions, and reasqna.hte G.°lnces^on?» such as I have cited, the result will be that not' only these landlords but many others will refuse concessions alto gether in future, and great suffering and misery will fall upon the unfortunate people; I should be glad if some provision could be m.ad& $°? deal ing with the Land Question in Lveland. % do not believe that there \a a.ny disposition on the part, of the lyish. tenants \q refuse just concessions, and. X am sure they are anxious, that the landr ,}ords should receive fair terms for their lauds. 4 letter appeared the other day,, written by Mr, Giffen, the famous statistiojanj, dealing w^th the matter. I do not,, of .CQUrae, pigc[ge 'niyself to details, bu,t merely to, the general notion con veyed }£ that^etter wafer which it n\ay be pos-; s;l»le to purchase for a lump sum th.e land in the occupation of agricultural tenants, It must be recollected that this is a. limited question. I am very much disposed to believe that the land of Ireland in the occupation of the agricultural tenants within the moaning of the Land Act — that the valuation of the land, leaving out domain lands, in the occupation of the landlords, and the great grazing plains of several of the larger agricultural counties, would not amount to more than about five or six millions sterling at the outside, and taking the valuation as a basis of fair rents — and certainly you cannot take any higher — it would be fair to arrange such, a. n.u.ui ber of years' purchase Qf the valuation as would fairly compensate the landlords. I hope, sir, that we may have a further opportunity of reverting to these matters. We are bound to stand by our people — (National cheers) — when it comes to be a struggle on the one side between the Irish landlords — it must come to that if they are assisted by the Government — and the tenants and labourers on the other. We can have no doubt as to which side we shall cast our lot with (renewed cheers). But we wish that the still small voice of reason shall prevail (hear, hear). We do not desire any conflict. We. s@Q a wish on the part of Englishman to 3^\$y W-i understand with $ 7 je^ |q :||ij ift^ !jej$e'in©nt this g-re.^t; Imh, ^esfio^ ana w$ are' resolved that no eifcrOT^'ancrf on our part, of aotlon or of language, shall mar the chances which 'we believe the country possesses for the first time in our history. (Cheers.) ' 