THE FAB NORTH. Br Photkos. The gpldtielils discovered nearly twenty years ago in the neighborhood of l'ort Darwin have found employment for a few European miners, aud for numbers of Chinese, ever since, but have never proved sufficiently attractive to create any excitement in the southern colonies. The gold which has been recently found in the Kitnberlcy district, lying to tlie west of the Ord ltivcr and south of Cambridge Gull, has had a more agitating effect, and if later accounts con firm the statements which hnvo boon published relative to tho probable extent of auriferous country and its j-icliness, it is possible that some faint return of the gold fevers fo common over thirty years hack may be witnessed amongst us. The Kimbcrley field is situated in the colony of Western Australia, hut extends close to the boundary of the northern ter ritory of South Australia — how Irish these names sound — and is sufficiently far uortli to have for its nearest ocean outlet, Cambridge Gulf, which lies about 250 miles south-west, of Port Darwin. This portion of our coast line was first, explored by Cnptain King in the year 1819\. Two years previously an expedition uuder his command had been resolved upon, under the joint direction of the Admiralty nnd the Secretary of State for tlie Colonics. Act ing under their instructions Captain King reached Sydney, and purchased a teak built cutter named the Mermaid, of 84 tons burden, which lie fitted ont for the purpose, liis crew consisting of twelve men and two boys, officered by. two mates, one of whom, Mr. Roc, subse quently became Surveyor-General of South Australia, ami was well known in connection with Australian inland exploration. Cap tain King was also accompanied by Mr, Allan Cunningham, the celebrated botanist, whose monument is a conspicuous object in the Sydney Botanic Garilens. Tlie Merrnnid sailed on her first, voyage on 22nd December, 1817, proceed ing to her destination by way of these southern coasts, which were then tenantless, and calling at Oyster Harbor, King George's Sound, to obtaiu wood and water. This place had been visited by Flinders 16 years before, and his vessel lind staved sufficiently long to enable bim to sow some seed and plant n garden, but all traces of his handiwork had disappeared. After suricyinga portion of the northern coast Captain King returned to Sydney, starting on a second voyage in tlie same little vessel in May, 1819\. This time he went by the east coast aud through Torres Straits, recommencing his survey at Wessel Pcint, the western horn of our great northern gnlf. It was on the 19th September that upon ascending n high hill on Adolphus Island Captain King caught sight, of another hill on tlie mainland, which he called Shakspcarc Hill, overlooking a fine sheer of water, whieh was named Cambridge Gulf. The head of . this gulf disappeared among high hills, and King was qtiile confident that, a large river must disembogue into il. Under this impression he ascended tho inlet, first in tiic cutter, and then when it became narrow and tortuous iu the wkaleboat : but tlie water continued snlt 60 miles from the sea, and at lust, when King could go no further, he had reluctantly to admit that iiicie was no river of any magnitude emptying itself into Cambridge Gulf. He landed ou the cliffs to examine the country. The scenery is described as not picturesque, but with a grandeur of its own. amid its aridity. "About. 3 miles from the party was the base of n vcrv remarkable quadran gular mass of hills. They ran abruptly from the salt-incm«»e:l plain in steep slopes, which terminated iu ciiiis and precipices, or roekv escarpments, over tho grassy incline. Tlie cliff protruded nt time so as to resemble the ramparts of a iorire-:?, wiiti bastions and crmntcr-carps ; :.ud King l hough; i; only wanted it flag at the summit to make ihe ap pearance complete. Of course this was a piece of t he usual sandstone tableland, and its shape is one of the many varieties of form which these monuments' of former denudation assume us they slowly weather iu the atmosphere. Il was named Mount Ccckburn. All around. I lie country appeared most desolate; the. grass, which was quite dry, wauled but a spark to set ihe whole country in flumes, ami the scene required hut sueli an ad dition to make its Iv.riil appearanee complete. The soil was a stiff clay, envercd with salt, and the only traces of life iu this lonely land were tho footsteps of some native tlogs and the watch fires of the savages in- the distance. There was no inducement to remain in such a place, nnd King turned his back upon it. as upon a locality on which (lie curse of God had fallen." Such is the description given of the surroundings of Cambridge Gulf. King's second voyage terminated on 12th January, 1820, and iu the course of it he had explored and surveyed 540 miles of coast. A name since distinguished in tlie annals of the Capo Colony nnd of New Zealand is inti mately connected with the history of explora tion nnd discovery on the bleak, bnrut-np north-west coast — namely, that of Sir George Grey. In October, 1837, when he was simply Captain Grey, of tlie 83rd regiment, ho conducted an expedition which sailed from tho Cape in the schooner Lynher. It consisted of twelve men, with thirty- one sheep, nineteen goats, nnd six dogs. Ou the 2nd December. they reached Port George tho Fourth, nud anchored at sunset off Entrance Island. Actuated with the cuthusinsm of youth, and in utter ignor- liucc of the character of the country, Grey was eager to commence his explorations. Tlie next day they were becalmed, and he proposed to the captain of the schooner to land him with a few men and some dogs aud await his coming nt the lower eml of the bay. For the following graphic account of his experience 1 ant in debted as for my preceding quotation, to Rev, Julian Woods's interesting history of Austra lian exploration " Scarcely had" tho boat re turned when lie found onr his mistake. Tlie duv was clear and hot, nud the run threw down a scorching Iwat npon the fiery rod rocks around them. Cooped lip iu a vessel for many mouths as they had beeu. they could not walk far in a temperate region ; but here, where the stones nud sands were so hot that one could searcclv walk upon them, where not a breath of wind freshened the air, nor a single tree gave them shelle:-, one can easily imagine what their sufferings soon were. But this was not alt. Tlie surface was the red sandstone, so cracked and broken, so fissured nnd piled that it was like climbing a ruiu, and umid the stone grew tangled brushwood and spinifex grass. Iiidiii" the crevices so that ineu and dogs fell into tliem at every step. It was easy to see that this could not continue long. Grey discovered his mistake ioo late, and now the schooner was oat of sight and hearing. All he could do was to make towards some shady spot, and there rest until evening. But such n spot he could not find. Meanwhile the heat began to tell npon tliem terribly as soon as the scanty stock of water was exhausted. First the dogs gave in ; some disappeared mysteriously in tlie cracks, and others dropped down dead. Then the men also began to j drop behind. With the greatest difficulty they were brought nloug to a little pool of water in a picturesque vnlley nnd there tlie party rested for awhile. But their difficulties were only commencing. When they attempted to tnovc on again the men were so enfeebled that they could only advance at a rate which would take them nearly three days to reach the vessel. This would never do, for tlieir lives depended on their reaching the anchorage that night. Every resource was I ried. Thev plnuged into tlie sea and essayed everv other means in vain to refresh themselves. It was of no use. At last Grey started in advance with one coinpauion, intending to send out assistance from the schooner. Here u new ob stacle arose. At a mile and a half his progress was stopped by an arm of the sea about 500 yards wide, out of which tbe tide was sweep ing like a torrent. What to do now Grey- was at a complete less to know. He had never thought of such dangers beforehand and the muduess iff his project came very reproachfully before liim. His companion craibl not swim, nnd for Grey to go alone seemed very hazardous. To say nothing of the danger from sharks nnd alligators, there was a native perched upon the rocks on the opposite side, and where he was more might be. But Grey's rcsolniion was soon taken. He mast render assistance to his companions, so he resolved lo cross. lie stripped to his shirt, and, with his military cap upon his bend, nnd a pistol in his band for de fence, ho plunged in. All the protection the pistol was likely tn afford was soon destroyed, for the current was so impetuous Unit ilbectunS a struggle for life with Grey, nnd (he weapon was abandoned. Then the cap caught so much 8 water that the chin strap would have choked | hint lmd lie not abandoned tliat too. Aflcr a fearful struggle the waves threw him upon tho opposite -bore, Wounded and exhausted, lie clambered up Ilia , rocks with nothing in the world about hint but his sliirt, and just in time to hear the war cry of the savages close to where he lay. Fortu nately, it was nearly dark. He managed to secrete himself in a crevice, not daring to show his head, or to look around and see where hia companions or the schooner might b?. His position was a trying one, hut nature could bear no more, and in spite of his danger ho fell asleep upon the rocks— a very different spectacle from what he had presented when ha started in the morning. From this position he f, was rescued by a boat from the schooner about ten nt night, and thus terminated his first ad- j venture in Australia." 3 I can form some littlo idea of what such an > ji attempt as this of Sir George Grey's iu his I " hot youth"— too hot youth on ibis occasion — S really implies, for 1 once spent a week in that ' jj " far north" in the month of .December, and j although it is two and twenty years ago I re- j tain a singularly vivid recollection of it. It was nt Escape Cliff, Adam. Bay, where the first essay in settlement from South Australia was made — n locality thoroughly unfitted for the purpose, and which was soon afterwards ex changed for the slightly higher land surround, ing Fort Darwin, about. 40 miles distant, where the town of Palmerston is now located. I proceeded to Escape Cliff in the steamei conveying the second contingent of South Australian adventurers, which went by way of Torres Straits and returned by. tlie west coast, thus completely circumnavigating I the island continent. I stayed in the locality i as long ns the si earner stayed— no longer. Duriug that broiling week I ascended the Rivet Adelaide seme dozen miles iu a boat, rode over to Chamber Bay, where tiic flag planted by i Stuart, the overland explorer, still fluttered or ratlicr hnng in ihe torrid sunshine without the ghost of a flutter — caught fhh. fired at alligators without producing the s'ichtnst eff tt on' them, and watched tlie horses being swmn ashore, with alligators— great, beasts !8 to 20 I feet long— only kept, front seizing hold of them ' by the constant firing of gnus and pistols. ! The pervading aspect of toe couniry io my j mind is red hot sunshine, able bodied mosquitoes, white ants and fierce red ditio, tarantula, centipedes, snakes -sea ami land— | gigantic black fellows uud alligators. 1 attempted | a wall: one morning of certainly not more than | a coupie of miles, and 1 can't remember that I f ever felt so completely prostrate before or since f in my life. Possibly when 1 was nil infant iu i aims I might have been weaker, 1ml I did not notice it. ' That was in latitude south of the 1 ' equator about 12 degrees. The Kimbcrley gold- I field is aiinnt 17 or 18. The ilifferenee is rcio slight, however, to mean much, and 1 eafi most sincerely declare that if gold he turned out I there pure aud unalloyed bv the ton nnd only I needs raking together, my rake will not be fuuud among the number of those scraping at Kim. | berloy. i 