MISS MAY. It was an afternoon in February and Tom Kingslv was lounging in the bay-window of the little sitting-room, his Latin and Greek books all around him, and what was worse, a broa'l snow-covered hill in front of him, down which sled after sled was gl;ding with the most tantalising rapidity. Tom was twoeiny, and doe voted to learning, but he was not above a good coast when the chance presented itself. Occasionally he favoured his sister, who was the only otilher occupant of the room, with very audible growlings against the ron trietions of study hours. The two woere students in an academy whose mathematically square buildings rose almost opposite to the Kingsley house. They wore nearly of an ago; but the one was proparinug to enter college; the education of the other was considered nearly com pleted. The two young people, with their father and mother, made up the whole family; but Mr. Kingsley, in the simple, unpretending way of the village, recsived into his houce as a boarder one of the academic pro fessors, and also occasional students whoen they happenedo to be friends of the children. It was the first-named individual who was exciting Tom's attention, in lack of anything better to look at. "iMay," he said, jerking his head over his shoulder with a quick, charac teribstic movement, "just come hero and see professor Ronsol go by." His s'stor dropped her work and came to the window. On the other side of the street stood a ta.ll, un gainly man, with a scholarly stoop in his shoulders, a head of bushy hair much threaded with grey, a p;'r of mild wise spectacles, and a general air of perplexed acquiescence in all mundane affairs whatever. In his hands he held a very tiny sled, look ing r.t it at arm's length, as if it was something of an explosveo nature. One six-year-old little follow was sur veoying his broken plaything with despairing eyes, while two other :: cited urcliins danced up and down in front of the professor, oudeavoar ing duly to cot forth the nature of the accident that had .lpponed to the runner. Two dogs wagged their fails hopefully in the back-ground, and, to complete the procession, a disabled crow, the pot of tlhe villagers, brought up the rear. It hopped gravely along, now on one foot, now on the other, setting his head on one side in oracular fashion,, and looking ten times blacker and wickedor than ever against the whiteness of the snow. After considering the situation a few minutes the professor started off again; dragging the sled by the rope, and his procession, crow and all, trotted along boehind him. ."Now,'" said Tom, "lie will go straight to the carpenters shop to got that thing memded ; and the carpenter, after impressing uponhim the arduous nature of the job, will charge ju-', ten times what it is worth, and he will pay it without a word." " No doubt he will." "And those f'ttlo beggars will ran off without even thanking himi." " But they are fond of him, Tom.." "I don't care. Mfay, you can make that man believe aunyL?'sg." "I know it." " Just fancy his going out with a tbl escope and watching tho mooua!U night. because we boys told him there were changes on its surface indicatiung some great interior convulsion ! Ad whonhe couldn t find them, and came to us to point them out, we pretended to see them plainly enough, told him his eyes were getthng weak, and he be lieved every word of it, and has taken to wearing spectaclc: from that day." "'LWll, they are becoming, at any rate, and he is shortsighted,' said his sister, laughihng. "But, ýtfay, the best joke of all you never hieard of. Promise me you won't toll anyblody iabout it." ' Of course not, except Jeoin." "Oh, Join knows all about it already; lihe was in it. Seems.to ime you're very dutiful, though,. all at once. Getting engaged has improved you." " We'll pray that it may last," said his sister. ." Which? -the improvement or the engagement? How many people havo.you been engaged to before this, May ?"' "About half-a-dozen, I think." "Ithink so too. Don't treat Joni in that way. He's a friend of mine; and, after all, it's rather mortifying, you know, to a follow." "It can't very well be mortifyling in this ease, because nobody is to know of the engagement." "I should like to know if they don't. Why, May, it is known all over the town. Jom told of it him self. Y'ou see, you are rather pretty for a girl; and then there's that bit of money graudmother loft you. On the whole, Jom's rather proud of it, and no wonder." "Lot's have the joke now, Tomn; never mind the complimnout." "Never complimented anybody in my life. What are you talking about ? Oh, about that little affair; you re member when we were experimenting with that nitrogen iodine is the labo ratory, 1May ?" "You remember how explosive it was-safe so loug as you kept it wet, but going off l]ko nitro- glye3rico and. dynamite put together when it got dry." "It didn't go off until some one touched it, Tom." " I rather guess it did. If a fel'ow merely breathed a yard away from it, off it went. But that's of no conse quence, for in this case somebody was expected to touch it." " And that somobody was the pro fessor, of course ?" " Of course. We made a lot of it and put some on the handle of his door, some in his slippers, and some among his books; the rest we s.At tered round promiscuously. And, a' good luck would have it, there c. me up a heavy thunderstorm that very afternoon. The professor came hurrying in; accidentally, Jonm and I mot him on the stairs. We asked him to explain a difficult Latin pass:ige. 'Oh, come right in-come right in, boys,' lie says, in that benevolent way of his, and laid his hand on the door knob. Bang! Ho jumped back as if he had been shot. 'Bless me, what's the matter?' he exclaimed, rubbing his nose. We didn't say anything, but acted as if it was the most every day occurrence. Well, he went in, aind pulled off his boots, and started to got his slippers on. Bang! bang ! Oh, May, you never saw the like of that jump! I believe lie actually struck the coiling. When ihe went to draw down the window curtain, bang! again. W'hen he took down the Latin book- it was a big and a heavy heavy one-bang ! bag ! bang ! And so on with everything he touched in the room, till I began to think the poor man would lose his wits. But the best of it was he never even suspected the cause. You know his wisdom lies in Latin and Greek ; he doesn't know anything about the sciences, though I believe he regards them with more awe than all the rest of the curriculum put together. Well, Jem just told him the thunder-shower had done it, that it had charged the room with electricity, and that he him self was a first-rate prime conductor. Jcm expatiated learnedly for half an hour or more on the freaks of electric ity; talked, you know, as if it was a usual thing to se~ rooms behaviug in that fashion. And, if you believe me, the professor actually took it all in; is writing a paper now-if Jom's any authority on the subject-on theo- ex traordinary natural phenomena."' Tom was in ecst'.cies of laughter by this time, and his sister was not slow in joining him. "I was only afraid father would hear the noise, and stop the feu," gasped he at last, when hie was able to speak. "Luckily hedidu't c:nme in till it was all over. I suggestedto the proferco: that it might frilghte mother if he was to moention it at the table, and he has been as mum about it as possible over since. May, we can make him believe anything-any thing whatever. If I told him there were no ghosts in this house, he'd put out h's light and sit watchiug for one the very next night." " Why don't you show him a ghoe', then?" queried May. "You know we read how they did it at the spit - tualistic seances. I'll help you, and-" "May !" cried Tom, jumping to his feet, and dancing the Fisher's Horn pipe, "you're a trump! Just wait till Jem comes, and we'll have it all fixed. The professor never locks his door." The two pairs of brown eyes looked at each other, and the respective owners of tliom burst out laugh;ng, with the delightful unanimity of sen timent that occurs whenever any specially delicate piece of mischief is on foot. Jem in no way dissented from the .programme when he presented him ;self at might, but, on the contrary, added some timely suggestions. Tom considered his friend the quickest witted mortal in the world, and a handsome fellow besides, which last was true enough. The young people soon found out that to copy the spirits successfully required more time and practice than- they had counted upon, their ghostly advisers :having failed to provide any short road to perfection. They were verr patient, however, as people will bIe when engaged in something with which thy have no manner of busi nesr, and in about a week had all th:eir arrangements completed. Jeom was to personate the ghost; Tom and his sister thie audience; Tom having reluctantly yielded the post of di. t;nction to ,Tem in consideration df his abilities. Btt whou it came to the point, the would-be ghost.had a new proposal tz make. "Let's tell him to do some thliing or otlher," .he said-" something that hoe would never think of himself -so tlhat we. shall know by that afterwards whether he believed it all or not." \- This being hailed with acclamation, Teas suggested that the professor should be commanded to wear a 'cocked hat for a month; May, that he should make a daily pilgrimage to the top of Meeting-house Hilt for that length of time. But Jitem ro jected both of these proposals. They would be liable to bring about dis covery, and were not solemn enough to be accredited to a ghost. "No, it must be somethling thiat will affeet his whole life," he said " something of so.much consonuone that he would think it likely the spirits would be charged to deliver it. We'll tell him he must go as a mis sionary; or, no, botter still, let's tell him to marry somobody-May here, for instance. He was always fond of her, and she is right in the same house. "But, unluckily, May is not fond of him, but of you," observed Tom, wickedly. "Well, lie does't know that. He will think it's his duty to ask her. And when she says no, he will wait for some now spiritual light. You don't mind, do you, May ?" May did mind very much at first, but the two boys, aided by her sense of fun, at last tpersuaded her into it. .Perhaps the thought that it wag sure be discovered, and that the professor could not possibly carry his crcdality to that point, helped to quiet her con science. At any rate, she not only yielded, but after the fashion of womankind, was the one to'originate the boldest part of the scheme. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 