PORTFOLIO. AS?CacsON-nTID-We possess the ful filment of His prophetic promise- the Comforter, the Holy Ghost, who teaches, sanctifies, takes of the things of Jesus, shows them to us, enables us to pray; and Himself makes supplication for us. We rejoice in that priestly blessing, in the very giving of which Christ ascended to glory; and that blessing fills our whole life with power from on high. We are able, by faith, to overcome the world, being made more than conquerors through Him who loved us. Soon we shall in herit the Kingly glory. When the Gospel that went out from Jerusalem returns to it, and the nation is converted, then will all nations become the kingdoms of our God. Meanwhile, the chief matter of our preaching is the forgiveness of sins, through the dying Saviour; a new life of holiness, by power of the living Saviour; translation to Heaven, and eternal glory, by grace of the ascended and enthroned Saviour. Glory did not came suddenly upon Jesus. During the forty days of the risen life there was a process of glori fication, and the ascension was its climax -a sublime climax-the full manifesta lion of His exaltation is in Heaven. The crown, the dazzling crown of the resurrec tion, is the ascension. Our present resurrection life in which we are con scious, even amidst our grief, of some blissful presence, and know Jesus, should be a life of ascension. The ripeness of our present resurrection life, the climax of our faith, when we shall know the dying Saviour yet more blessedly as the living Saviour, will pass into yet higher stages, so that heart and mind dwell in the Heavenly places in Christ, and Christ in us. Hereafter, Heaven will be our place; now, it should be our state ; and it is not the end, but as the beginning of miraculous things ; miracles to be wrought by the spirit of lore, of truth, of power. Meanwhile we continue in prayer. Thou art gone up on high; But Thou shalt come again, With all the hright ones of the sky Attendant in Thy train. Oh, by Thy seaing power, So make us live and die, That we may stand at that dread hour At T? r,.;:It hond on high. -Ier. J. If IR. s,,s.,, 31 .1. 