THE MISSION STATION AT RAPID . CREEK. , Oar beautiful city of Palmerston j ust at the present time is about as lively as -an ordinary cemetery during the, midnight hours, when ghosts are popularly supposed to indulge in their ghastly' revelries ; in fact, we think the cemetery could give it a considerable number\of points ana come out winner. This cheerful state of affairs is usually incident to this time of year, when the'rain greatly impedes all business operations;' but this year the seasonal gloom has been intensified by the wide- spread disappointment- caused by the post- ponement of the construction of the long looked-for salvation of the country, the Palmerston and Pine ICreek Kail way. During this comatose cttulition of affairs news items ate of cours? scarce, and we gladly adopted a suggestion offered on Sunday af ternoon last, ns., to hire a nag and -pay a visit to fiapid drack and nee how our plucky missionaries were progressing iii their noble and puilantiropic endeavour to instil into-our blade, bruthen the elements of Christianity land civilization. It is a little orer three years since this enterprise was undertaken, the locality chosen for the experiment being a spot on the banks of the Sapid Creek some nine miles from town. The road leading to the Klace is not remarkable for its natural eauties. As a youngster we had often read about the fascinations of luxuriant tropical vegetation and scenery. But around Palmerston the towering giants of the forest, almost hidden from sight by a wealth of clinging vines laden with magni- ficent flowers of every hue; the shining silvery rills and broad rolling rivers; the mountains lifting their stern rugged heads into the blue ethereal, «tc.; are all features distinguishable by their ' absence. ' The road is a passably good one,.prosaically considered, but the country through which 'it runs, to describe it mildly, has a de Dressing effect. It is nearly level as a illiard-table, and once fairly entered into the bush one's view in every direction is ' limited to a few hundred yards, that small 'perspective being filled in with an under- growth of tall wiry grass, numerous stunted and miserable looking specimens of Eucalypti and other indigenous Australian trees, and, the only pleasing feature, an occasional clump of graceful ferntree*, and the quaint, weird-looking corkscrew palni. To emerge from this dreary looking scenery after about an hour and a half's ride, and enter on the cleared space sur- rounding the Mission, is a relief to one's eyesight; the half-a-dozen buildings coin posing the station, roofed with galvanized iron, and the cleared patches under culti- vation, lending a cheerful and civilized aspect to the scene which is refreshing. We found the rev. fathers at home, and received the usual hearty welcome thej' accord to all visitors. After some little conversation Father Strele kindly volun- teered to show us around the premises. The buildings consist of a schoolhouse, in which a number of the younger natives arc tutored; a dwelling- house for the blacks, a luxury of which those sable gentry sel- dom avail themselves, usually preferring to live in the open air after thc manner of their fathers; a neat little chapel; and the dwelling-house occupied by the fathers, with store-room and kitchen. Around the dwelling-house an attempt has been made to form a garden, bnt being situated on an ironstone ridge some three or four hundred yards from the rich jungle soil bordering the creek, the vegetation naturally looks rather sickly, the only plants seeming to thrive being Chinese cucumbers, passion- fruit, melons, the castor-oil plant (which grows like a weed in the Territory), and a curious looking African maize, which we presume to be the "Hurrah" so largely used as a food by the natives of Africa. Tue fathers state that as soon as possible they intend making au effort to extract tbe oil from the castor-oil plant, and will further develop the industry if they sea a probability of producing it cheaply and in marketable quantities. From the house we proceeded to a large cleared and culti- vated patch on the banks of the creek, passing, on the way, another enclosure planted with peanuts and maize. On the banks of the creek we found sweet pota- toes growing in the fine rich black soil in profusion, these being intended principally as food for the black proselytes, whose enormous appetites the rev. father good humouredly bewailed, and related some anecdotes illustrating their voracity which would seem to prove that the gormandising capibilities of a blackfellow and an ostrich arc about on a par. Here, also, there is.a small patch utilised as a nursery, being principally planted with catlings the fathers brought with them from South Australia. This is the most interesting spot on the station, for thc collection com- prises a large number of different varieties of grape vine, southern fruit-trees (plum, apple, peach, nectarine, «Sw.), and mulberry and olive trees. We did not see either orange or lemon plants, both of which have been proved to thrive well in the Territory, and we would recommend the fathers to procure some forthwith as a good paying investment. All the plants mentioned looked very healthy-some of the young fruit-trees remarkably so considering the antagonistic climatic conditions they have to endure-and as father Strele states that there are no white ants, we may reasonably hope within a few years to enjoy the pleasant novelty of eating some southern fruits of our own growing-may possibly even mauage some grapes.' The greatest enemy the young nurselings at Eresent hare to contend with is the grass opper. who seems to have a special weak- ness for the vine leaves. Around the en- closure several rows of acacias are planted with the object of . forming a hedge. The indiarubber-tree, tapioca, sugar-cane,' and some other plants also seemed to be thriv- ing splendidly. Opposite this plantation, ^t«r-_anJammense auiojiju^ of .toil and trouble, the ^falh^is-'hare suc^ededT in forming a rouglTdam, with a' view of .con" serving / water for irrigation' purposes during the dry season ; for although ut the time of our visit the creek was coming down a "banker," and the water pouring round either end of the dam iii torrents, during the long dry season its bcd becomes empty, or nearly so. Having arrived rather late in the afternoon we had not time for so thorough an examination ns wc could have wished, and had to forego visiting another plantation on the opposite side of the creek. Oh our return to thc house Father Strele showed us a small printing plant they have just imported, with which they propose printing small elementary works in the Larrakcyan lan- guage (the difficulties of its acquisition Father Conrad having successfully over- come) and teaching the' younger natives to read and write. There were several blacks about the establishment, and though the adults were as greasy, lazy, and odoriferous as they usually are, we were informed that considerable progress has been made in the" civilization of the younger ones, a specially pleasing feature being the sing- ing, which art the blacks have shown more aptitude in acquiring than any other. Whether any ultimate good will result from teaching the blacks to read and write is, we think, doubtful ; but there can be no question as to the good motives which actuate Fathers O'Brien, Strele, Conrad,: and Christian, and their coadjutors, in their kindly and persevering efforts, aud they hope in time to so influence the rising generation of blacks brought within their sphere,, by precept and practical illustra- tion of tue benefits arising from such a life, as to induce them to give over their present vicious and wandering mode of existing, and either work steadily for a wage or settle down on plots of land of their own. Too much praise cannot bc accorded the fathers for their indefatig- able exertions in connection with this Mission, and its successful career up to the present time is mainly due to their individual hard manual labour. Though we feel rather inclined to look upon thu anticipated benefits derivable by the blacks through the medium of education as Utopian, we yet wish the genial fathers all the success their plucky endeavours deserve." . , y ; . vv . The s.s. Palmerston arrived at Sydney on the 25th inst. The s.s. Feil ung arrived at Melbourne on the 26th inst. The s.s. Airlie arrived at Melbourne on the 25th iust. 