\- iftowltet PWASUNDER: OR * ' LADY- .CASTLEMAjNE'S DIVORCE. *—:— CHAPTER XXXVII.—(CONTINUED. By BEETHA M. CLAY, AtJTHOB OF " HIS ONE HTSTAKE," " THROWN ON THB WOBMJ," "A STRUGGLE FOB A KING,'" "A BITTEE ATONEMENT," ETC. Isabel appeared at breakfast, so did Lord Castlemaine. They spoke little. Badolph shrugged his shoulders when he found his wife would hot be at breakfast. Lord Castlemaine did finally say to,Isabel: V " Yon say yon dislike Colonel Lennox. Why doyouiolerate him, as yon did last night, by treating him as you do other men?" "You forget," said Isabel Hyde, gently; " that I am not a leader in society. I have no one to support any stand I may make. My aunt thinks I owe her a heavy debt of gratitude for maintaining me here for two seasons, and the only way I can pay that •debt is by aiding her in every way which she requires to make her home agreeable and her entertainments a success. I cannot take an independent course. I wish I could. And "then," too,~I'may not know about Colonel Lsnnox all the evil that yon know of him,jfor there may be many things that would not be mentioned before me." "That"is very true," said Castlemaine, thinking suddenly that possibly his wife might be as innocent of these scandals as Miss Hyde was. \- ." At the same time,"added Isabel, hastily, "yon have been my kind, faithfnl friend. I respect your ^opinion above all thicks, and if you tell me that you think I should ignore Colonel Lennox, I should cartainly endeavour to do bo in every way in my power.'" The letters were brought in. Lord Castlemaine took up his, and as he asked leave to open it he wished that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable a temper as Miia Eyde. "Miss Hvde," he said, presently, "I am called to Neath on business of much importance; I must catch the next train. Explain my absence to Gertrude ; say I!will return tomorrow. He hastened from the breakfast-room, aad goon Jelt tbe bouse. Isabel wrote a little card tolidy Castle- \- maine, laid it with her letters, and pave them to Fanny to take to her mistress. la a short time Fanny came to say that Lidy C-tstiexnaane desired to see Miss Hyde. Isabel found her still in bed, her letters saattered about the counterpane. , *' 80 Badolph has rushed off to Neath ?" "Yes. Aie yon going to wear the willow in that behalf r* " No ! But truly, Isabel, lie is so dictatorial, so ^unreasonable, that I do not know what to say or do. I feel as i? I lived on the ode ofavoloano, or in wretched earthquake lands. NOw here, my mother has written. jShe is not to welL She cannot leave Bath, . and ahe has her business, to dp, and has ^ent : tot Mr Grimheld, onr solicitor; but - ttifen the baslness «aonot ,be done nnless dte le& mOi sod she desSfes me to *»me'dbwn,tihiB afternoon, foribree days. Now,if Igorightbff, whoknows hat Badolph will go into another fury over that"?" ~ -,' 4 1 Of course he^joclu not. He would not be jealous of your mother. Nothing can be more properthanto go to her; youcantake Fanny, rShare ifi no question about it. Your ^mother -needs you. She may be more ill than she Bays. : I should be anxious,. were 1 in your plaoe." " And you think that I should go , « Certainly.: There will be a train at four o'clook,frbmCommon street. I (pent several months atBath, witfa'Aunt Cresson" " Will you come with me, Isabel? You \- would not wisljto Stay here without me, and \- you might as well go to Bath- as to your -Aunt." • « Certainly I will go, if you desire it." f Well, then,ring for Fanny. _ I will have hex pack'my things, and I will write a note to Badolph, inclosing my mother's letter.' We go st four. I almost think I will enjoy it; it will be a change, and Badolph will have :' time to Come toJhis senses." The letter to heir husband was of the curtest. Gertrude was yet deeply angered at . what she -eonsidered the inexcusable attack of the previous evening. To cut short her pleasure, her prettyeocial triumph with such farious, y-wael words ! While Gsrtrude wrote her letters, breakfasted, and had some, talk with her housekeeper, Isabel went quietly to -thW nearest telegraph effioe and cent this dispatch to Colond Lennox: «nd1 go to Bath, to Lady Craven, for ; three days. We take the 4 P.M. train." . An hour after Colonel L?hnox received this r, be took flie train to Ohariog Cross station for .Xpswicb—a journeyof which he took especial ^jsains to inform his friends. At four the next ' the next morning lie reached Bath. by a train "from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a *: -n>andaboat tour, which the colonel took with \- vast delight. , . An evening with ier mother, recounting all raocial news, and all the events of the season, restored Gertrude's spirits. Lady Craven's illness were evidently, most of them, fancied, i£nd«hewaa Ibolfing fresher than ever. By "aufcumnthe little fiotion of ill-hedth would L ,4dl done away with. In the . morning she s jn&t;^i Utat Gertrude and-Ieabel must go out /for a waffij fuid to 'drink the waters. Mr. ^jftrtfphpld was iidt to come ifor bnaness talk t 3 ontil Me o'dc^ lanchv -L^y Craven was on termB ol gnat iriendliaeea with her lawyer, ^ n m «he had Jmown sinoe jber peoond ^pMlftiitf Jil her hBsband'f wannest friend. Gertrude had been aeons-, tomed to regard the lawyer almost aa one of her ainily, and it had been pleasing to her that he waa also In charge of the affairs of the C^Uemaine estates, and highly regarded by her husband. . Scarcely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they w^re joined by Colenel Lsnnox, who met them,' crying joyously: " This is an nnexpected pleasure." : " It certainly is unexpected," said Gertrnde, as she "gave him her hand. " I am on a sudden summons from my mother. Ab I said before. yon meet as as if yon were inspired by •a. tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit. Which is it?" . ' ' " If we were either, the genins should have my deepest gratitnde, said Colonel L?nnox,. with a glance at Isabel, onseen by - Gertrude. " And, pray, when did you come?" asked Isabel, calmly. "Day before yesterday. I heard that an old friend, a major of my regiment, was here Bick. There ^b & strong fraternal feeling among officers, you know, and I came here directly I left Lady Craven's tableaux. Very charming, were they not ? - I reoall them with joy. I never saw anything so beautiful. We had poetry, painting, and sculpture all together—a true soul-feast. I shall reoall it in; diBt&rft; wilds and jungles or deserts, many a time, doubtless. The flower show here is just opening, and is said to have some very remarkable orchids. Will you visit it ?*' They lingered among the flowers ant3 twelve, and Colonel Lennox esoprted them to Lidy Craven's door. Both Isabd and Gertrude refrained from mentioning whom they had met. Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had, in faot, known for some time that a disreputable old major of his acquaintance!was trying, with Bath water, to restore a system destroyed by brandy, but he had no idea of visiting him until he found that he could make him a good excuse for his appearance in Bath. " And how have you spent the morning ?" asked the major. "Most charmingly. I met Miss Isabel Hyde, a brunette, who drove London sooiety quite wild two seasons since, and yet reigns 'in maiden meditation, fanoy, free.' And, also, Lady Gertrude, who crowned her first season by marrying the Earl of Castlemaine." " - v "I know," said the major, eagerly; "a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys the income from the estate, but the entire property of her father will revert to the daughter. - Ah 1 Castlemaine was in rare luck, always. He had aU that fortune could give him in bis own behalf, and gets what the Frenoh call an enormouB dot with his wife . He'll have it all." "Not if he happens to die before his motherin-law," said Lsnnox. "Not much likelihood; & young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." " Or if he should happen to»-get divorced," said Lennox, "before his mother-in-law died. In that case the lady would inherit id ha own behalf." * " Divorced l M -cried the major, with s roar of laughter. " You don't seem to know that that was a love match, and that Lady Castlemaine, as Miss Craven and as Lady Castle- . maihe, is a true model of propriety. The Sgow Queen—the White Rose, they say." "No doubt—no doubt; but modern society is so queerly constituted,- and social life has now so many fantastic ways; one never knows what may happen." " Especially when such men as you are let loose oh society,- Lsnnox," said the major, sceeringly, - 1 " I am ndt numbered among the Castlemaine set," said the colonel, coldly, changing the conversation. Lord Castlemaine returned home to find bi4 wife and Isabel absent; and the oold note of Gertrude, containing the letter cf her mother, explained the'absence, but did not comfort his heart. Going to dine at his club, he heard Colonel Lsnnox mentioned^with the news that he bad gone to IpBWich, and, also, that his regiment might at any instant bo ordered to Egypt: Lord Cdstlsmaine felttempted to foment Wars and QiecordB abroad, so that by the withdrawel of a dangerous element he might have peace •at home. Gertrude returned at the time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly wide; the coldness be» •ween the married pair "was evident enough to put.Ijabd, who pretended to ignore .it, in the highest spirits^ There Were no more looks of tender loye, eager confidences, tr&e;, heartfelt compliments; each heart was Wounded ;• each one felt the other the most to blame, andneither proud heart would bend to blame itself. In another month.they would go to Neath for a rest, after the excitement of the -season. To that Lord Castlemaine seoretly looked forward. He would 'have his w3e to -'Himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgiveness might foliow. He did not wisheven Isabel invited to acsompany them. Lady Gordon gave in garden party. Her garden-parties were considered the very crown* ingf5Stis^esofthe J season—thelovely grounds, blithe a wue ar<»dia. ; i : * Isabel was charming In plhk';ahd poSed tulle; bat what-waB babel in comparison with ' the .^beautiful Lady Caetlemaine, in a drees of the faintest shade of Mae, trimmed with white water-lilybudsin her galden hair, water-lilies half- open aboutlisr snowy shonldCTs thiat outgleamedthe.flow^i^ter- lihesshowingtheir fragrant hBarts of gold, drooping from her dijoty waist, along the shimmering folds to her feet. . Lord Castlemaine's heart grew very tender to so vmue"h beauty. They had been together.; then friends had called each one away. Suddenly Lord Castlemaibe met the two friends whom he had overheard talking in the clubhouse, and the sight of ^them always reminded jhim of the . culpable careleBsnesB of husbands. He turned to find his wife. He went here and there. _ FihaUy hesaw her. Evergreens formed a circle around a fountain. In that seclusion and coolness, he heard -his wife's; £weet tones mingling with the plash of waters. She sat on the marble basin of the fountain,: and was idly flpatirigln the water a lily -she held in her own white hand. She was looking tip and chatt ing with some one, who bent over her with evident admiration In every line of his face. That mail was Colonel Lsnnox. .'CHAPTER XXXWIL A CEISIS OF FATE. When Lord.Costlemaine saw the pair by, the fonotairijlie was mid-with jealops rage. That J any-man should dare look oa his wife with such adoring admiration 1 The fact was, that Gertrude had- become aCcustomei to Colonel Lennbx's adoring, passionate gaze, and merely considered it " hia way of -iooking" withoutcoliBidfering'what it meant. His first impulse"-was to fpring forward, seize his wife's hand, and lead-her away— away from the garden-party, -away from London; away from- Snglandl But Lord Castlemaine belonged to a class (which, howevft hot may be itB passion, is schooled in self-control ; repression, decorum, these were; his earliest lessons. Heoheoked himself a moment to tabe v his bresth-r-to beaome T maeter of himself. Tn that moment the " Duke-of Portsea, with Lady {lordon on his arm," stepped lrom the circle bf 'evergfeens and ctood before the countesi and theiioloneL ^c.^l Lord CastlepHahe was not near enough to iear what wai flaid ^but there are a^ionB thathave a clear voice. .. After the interchange of a iew sentences, Lady ^Gordon Md her hand on the .colonel's arm, And they moved oat of sight, while the Poke of ?oxt9» gave hie ^ ty -' and they directed their etepB towards the conservatory. Lord Castlemaine understood it all. The condnot of his wife Was giving rise to comment and suspicion; Lady Gordon had intervened.to save the imprudent Gertrude from her own folly ; the fatherly old duke was' quietly defending Lady Castlemaine, from a dangerous man. Badolph's heart burned hotly., His wifein this terrible position 1 But he must control himself; they were near him.: The eyes of husband and wife met. ,Hia flamed indignation; hers shot defiance. PosBibly the good duke saw these signals of warfare, and so threw himself into the- breach. , " Ab. Castlemaine 1" he cried, " your wife has honored me by going with me to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron; it took the prize at the show in Bassell Square last week; therefore, it is the finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and we go to pay our homage to it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner; age is now graced by beauty. Will you oome with us, or are yon satisfied with the company she is in?" Lord Castlemaine bowed low. " My wife could not be in better company than she is in now." Gertrude understood him. He had seen* her with Lennox. The hand on the duke's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that she were alone, - that she might burst into angry tears. She was,then, Watched, spied, condemned! There would follow further scenes of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. She preferred peaoe, but a peace in which she might have her own . way. Bather than yield to injustice, to in-. dignities, to arbitrary rales, she would quarrel to the bitter end. Probably a beautiful rhododendron ^as never looked > on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lord Castlemaine withdrew from the frequented walks; he could not bear to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave himself up to bitter thought.. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed echoeing condemnations of the folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for one headstrong against counsel, lenient to vice, careless of her own dignity? He did not know that only-the first of these charges held good against Gertrnde. 1 Lady Gordon came and plaoed herself at his side; she laid her hand on his arm. . " You look sad, my friend ?" Lord pastlemaine knew that she had something to say, and if this subjeot must be opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman of gojd jaJgJiant, saafl with any other. " I am sad," he said. " I am bitterly disappointed, much perplexed." "The task of guiding a beautiful wife, so young as yours, through the quicksands of modern society is not an easy one," said Lady Gordon. "You mast remember that what makes it so hard is the very thing we most admire. Innocence, incapable of wrongdoing, ignorant even of what wrong is; simplicity and frankness that conceal nothing— these make Gertrude's danger." "To think that my wife could be in danger 1"-. ' " Not in danger of any wrong-doing, believe me, bat of criticism and slanderous tongues. You should warn her against Colonel Lennox. He is payiag her very pointed attention, and she does not know it." " I hava warned her in the strictest manner, over andover." "It is-a groat pity," said Lady Gordon, " that jnodern society admits freely men who3e slightest attentions are dangerous to pur innocent young matrons and maidens. All such evil-doers Should be banished ; but they are not, and no one of nse- is brave enough to begin a jast system of black-balling." • " Then, as suoh men cannot be banished, the only thing that remains is to take the unfortunate women that they venture to admire out of their way." I think that is the best plan. By the next season he l will no doubt be gone, and she will have gamed experience." " I have thought of goiDg at once to Neath." I should do so. I iave passed these idle hint3 unheeded, as nothings; though -1 did think'it a little reckless of Gatrude to ask a man. like Lsnnox to a garden luncheon. I 'have heard, too, that he has said he should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped that Lady-Castlemaine would honor him by presiding. But when I heard that he followed her to Bath, it.really seemed to me to be going too lar.'.' " To Bith J" faltered Lord GastlemaSne, Mb hc^rt growing cold. • ' ' ^ "A friend of-mine wrote that he saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonel Lennox. J thought as the news had so come to me. it might equally have reached«others, and lest idle tongues should begin to talk, when I found heliad wandered ofi alone with her, I went and took him away. " I thank you." Bat the tone of these wolds made Lady Gordon tremble.- -- * • . - — I hog yoijr pardon, my friend," she said, " remember tGat in each a case great gentleness is needed as great firmness. I assure you, your wife is as pure iand simple as a child. Yoa must be tender. I should have nad my son ruinedi if to great finnneBs. I-had Hot known how to ad^r patience alnd tenderness."" \ ; ; " AU-do not possess those graciojas qualities," said Lord Castlemaine.- "They,.must coltiyate them. They are indiBpenEable. You must seek them, my friend. . You will: repent all harshness. Ba gentle. B?membcr, also, ' that ^every good and perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of light.'" Pressing Lord Castlemame's hand, Lady Gordon.movedoS among her gueBts. - Lord and Lady Castlemaine were the first" to take leave. . " I do Jiot wish to go," said Gertrude, pettishly. " I am enjoying myself. Isabel is not ready. Send the carriage back for us." " Isabel can be left under the chaperonega of her aunt. 1 desire that you will acoompany me at once."" Not a word was spoken on the wayliome. Arrived at home, Lord Castlemaine said: > " Gertrude, -mil yoa kindly oome to the, library ? I wish to speak with you." "I cannot. I am, tired. I must go.and change my dress." 4 1 That can wait. I insist upon yon coming, to hear what I have to say.'' : - With , a haughty step Gettrade entered the library, and threwiersel!^idto a ishiSr. "Well?'' she said, sharply.' ' "Gertrude, you have'.hot. regarded my wishes about Colonel Lennox'' " I beat Colonel Lsnnox just as I treat others, v H« is nothing to me." " I do not wish himtreated as others. He is unworthy of it.-"- *— "I cannot make myself absurd by variations of conduct, as if I thought a»j/ acquaintance was. of any consequence." " You , could regard my wishes if you would. By neglecting ittieni you are 'making yourself the subjeet of suspicion and -of the-most nnpleasint rema,rke. The Duke of Portsea and Lady pGtirdon :were to-day -obliged" to make evident efEort to: save my wife from jcatide^ls and me from disgrace 1" iGtertrpde. flushed crimson. " What do yoa mean ?" she cried. I can ifake- . oare nq^eU 1 . Who dares epeak barisiuy cl meVl ,...., ' i... . • . ; V Very jmaoy^nnons tongnes7«nd yon are affording ,them .cause. You^ are no more sapable of taking care ot yourself lhah a'oHl^ Mt pptof the nureerjr, I thopeB yon wrp —you are not. You have deceived me. Yon met Colonel Lennox at Bath." " I know I did 1" cried Gertrnde, " just as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; he went before I did. Isabel and I met him by .chance at the gardens, and he walk&d; to my mother's door with us." (She refrained from mentioning other meetings at Bath; why add fuel to the flame?) " How dare you 6ay I "deceived you?. Do yorinot knowthat I scorn alio and all deceit? Itell you it was mere accident, that meeting." "Since yoii "say so I believe it, on your part, bnt not on hi?. It was no accident his being invited here to lunch." "I did not mean to do that," said Gertrude. " It was an accident in a way. But why should I not invite him ?' He is a man that I like. Other people like him, &nd; invite him ; why should your jealous ill-temper put a constraint on my most innocent acts ? " " I am appalled at you, I blush for you I cried Lord Castlemaine. "Colonel Leonox is a man of bad character and bad life; will you not believe what I say to you, again and again?" " I believe that you believe, but I do not believe it is so. Prejudice has blinded you. I see other people receiving and approving him; I sec the qneen honoring him; I hear him express the noblest sentiments; I know that he is a hero; I " _ "EnoughI" cried Lord Castlemaine, in foriated. "I would not have believed that you could think or Bay such things. We go to Neath to-morrow morning. I will save my honor.. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at once? " t " No, I will not 1" oried Gertrude. «; I will not be dragged off like a. criminal; I will not be shut np like a maniao. I have engagements, to the close of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, iand we cannot close our doors to her. You will make me the talk of society." " You are fast making yourself that,'! said Lord Castlemaine, angrily. " If you will not give the order to your maid, I must; for we shall leave in the ten o'clock train to-morrow.' As for Miss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon. Lady "Gordon, at least, will understand why we go." " If my mother were here I -would go to her, and free you of responsibility for me," cried Gertrude. " Husbands cannot be freed from responsibility in suoh a way," said Lord Castlemaine. " I should not allow you to stay in London. It. is my duty to remove yoa from scenes of temptation and danger, in which yoa evidently do not know how to guide yourself. Will yoa give your order to Fanny ? " " Decidedly I will not." Lord Castlemaine rang the bell for the butjler. " Robert, you will send a page with a telegram to Neath, saying that we leave for there in the ten train to-morrow, and will remain there for the rest of the summer. You will arrange with the housekeeper for closing this house for the season at once. Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leaving ; and take for I^dy Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for immediate departure, and have all ready for the morning train, if she has to work all night. We will have no delays." The butler bowed. He wa3 too discreet <;o look at his lady; but she was standing in apparent indifference,' looking out into, the garden; When the butler had gone she turned to leave the room. J' Is there,anything else you wish, Gertrpde ? " said.Lord.Castlem&ine;, in an unfortunate attempt-to carry out Lady Gordon's programme cf-gentleness. " I wish nothing," said Gertrude, with passion, " except that I half never seen you. You have disappointed me. You are not as X thought you. Yen are my enemy. You are crael 'and delight in making me wrenched. I wish I had retained my freedom. -Yoa take pleasure in showing'me that I Sm no. better' than jour flave. At least a slave can exercise the right of hating thechain.l " She If ft the room with these words. She was swept away in a frenzy of passion. In all her life she'had been petted and indulged, and if her mother had desired her to pursue >any especial eourse, it had been craftily arranged so as to seem dictated by herself. Here was the first instance of reproach, of correction, of condemnation that.efae had ever known. And she had .b;en attasked in a point where she felt herself eo innocent, so above all challenge. Had she not always rebuffed the compliments of the colonel? Had he ever been'asked to her home cxeept to that one tea, and fo that fatal lunch, when Isabel really iad invited him? Had Ehs not always loved arid admired her husband; and had she ever in the slightest thought of her h^art given him cause for jealousy ? And how she was to be made the puppet of his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper 1 She harried to her boudoir and locked herself in, without stopping to take ofE her festal splendors, where the water-lilies were already drooping and fading over the sheen, of the Silk. CHAPTER XXXIX. „ KO HOHE J^HEliE HEAET IK NOT. Night brings counsel. When first Gertrude went to lier room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futile schemes. Slie would send a telegram to her mother and Efctake her come quickly and open her own honse in Portmah - Square, and take her daughter home.-But she knew that Lady Craven would not dp that. Lady Craven abhorred Sandals, of all things. She woul^ not >be a party to her daughter breaking up her married life and home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied^ whisn she - made her daughter a Countess, snd she would consider it a very small thing to'sacrifice an. acquaintance, and a little self-will, foV the sake of the coronet arid the splendid position of the -Castlemaines, Th£n Gertrude wished she might run away andiose herself to every one whom shis had known. She had read of people who lived quietly in little, unknown lodgings, and went and came as they chose, who had no one to molest them, and lived' in humble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn : - '..>_' . _ I swear 'tis better to be lowly borp, " e And range with humble lovers in content, Than to be perked up in a; glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow.'.' - For more tban two hoars Gertrude parked in all ite'mazes this dream -of disappearance and a lowly life. Poverty; she had never known, even far off, and it had no tenors for heir. It was a vision ;&nd; a-plan that afterward proved utterly disastrous to her. Fanny waB busy in the adjoining rooms, making ready n for .the departure. Gertrnde finally composed her appearance, and called the girl to aid her in changing her drees. She would give rise, to o no surmises and - impertinent,' discussions among servants, and if she finally concluded on any plan, die most be calm and strong to carry "it out. At dinner-time' she went down, cold and stately, but .her iiushand had left word that he should dine.atiiis club>. : ' , Isabel oapie nming'in,/all alert. .. VGertrude!,why did you leave so early? •Were you ill?;. . • . .. No--quite the -contrary—Badolph mshed ^'Whatijpity. party. I made qnite a conquest of; an old Indian nabob—he had been married to a with no end of treasures, and she died If I iett <quit«i sura Jie ivould'-folldw £o landable an example, I would 'pbseibly tekehis came for a littfe while, to iave his rupees Aoi a. long while. But,. Gerf itj^^w^.we^OBLiP^iew^d^l?, Ton i w h l - • -are illi -; and-;|^|ee^?to heat thj stir of preparation in tlfehonBe-^the breaking op of It meansj'ysaad Gectrade, with repressed; passion, " that^jrdKpastletnaine sees fit to break up here, tnfhont warning, an^ order the household ttamrto l^e&th;^b-morrow morning. I am very sbny'ior jin, Isabel. It is" most disgracetulof ttsita^tnoommode yon in this « ay. Yon do iiot wishtogojiome until the the will not want to so toLa3y'C'resstM.^-:*;-.-.">. • :. '" ^y jSearestf f jiba disturbed, not on my account but youw. "tcan go to Miss^AUerton -she has asked me repeatedly, and I am to be her first bri Ifsdaaid-^oa know, as I was yourf. It is unlucky fora giTl to be ficet brides maid often ;',sheis never "bride.""' Sa rnac-h thE bttfer for herl" cried Gertrude with emotion; - " My dearest 1 " said Isabel, taking her hand, and caressing it.; "I aim so grieved for yen. I understand this. It is Castlemaine pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. But the method, is mejliiBval." I had no idea this LordXJastlemaln'e would follow the example of bis ancestors.''^'..; - " What example do you mean ?'' "Why, do you not know? Are you so little read id the triftitionB of your ancient family." -"It is not my family. I believe I hate antiquity and pedigreei"- " So do I, always cxcept in the directions of old iace ahd 'Mreditary jewels. But the inatances are" these. - Charles II. looked approvingly.at e Lady Castlemaine—not that she ever .saw -the look—but the lord and master promptly (carried -her' oS to Neath, and there garrisoned: himself with her in safety, iill. the period , of their joint lives. Another Lady Oastlomaine, of a inUsical taetei'admired a' baritone or a basso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ or prs3 bly a mus:c-ljOx, and she also was swept off to Neath, acd she never oame back. For her no more opera, or theatre, or ball, or garden party, br high tea, or tableaux 1 Poor soul, she might bSter have died and done with it? Why did she not take a dose of poison, or an 'aspio,' like Cleopatra." "If either of tbem had'any sense, when they were tired of'.captivity, they might havb run away ar,d hidden themselves." " There were no railroads in those days, cor. steam 'vessels to the Continent, or to tiie other side of the world. My dear Gertrude, if ycu mean to'resort to such desperate measures, lay. by' you a. noble store of pinmoney and jewels, for in this age even a huoioe cannot li?e^?ithout cash." Dinner wasserved. ' la the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lUaosi thur perfume filled all theroom. - . " - " White lilacs^solate in the season!" cried Isabel, and ruaning 'to the table, she bent over, drew the centre-pieoe to her, and "buried her face in the snowy, fragrapt mass. "FiowerB! flowers 1" she .whispered, "you are my; witnesses.. Am I not keeping my vow (? A little longer, and all will be done 1" 1 Shortly after dinner Gertrude excused hersalt to Isabel and went to hiBr room. A little later-Lord Cistlemaine came in, and finding Isabel.in the drawing-jsoom;" explained as well as he could the sodden departure. " Pray don't speak of it.. I think yon are very wise., You are doing just right. I will go .to Miss AUerton. . I have seat her a note. Oa, I envy Gertajde going down to that lovely home, so safe.^eo sweet, so noble I Nothing to do but be gtjod ahd happy. Ah, If I had a homelito Jfeathi^think should ask nothing better thanio live there all the time ; doing jgood to my tenantry; making the country-better ;and hazier, and upholding the glory of an illastn^us historic name.'' ' . Nightbrought counsel. Gartrudesaw plainly that her own dignity required that she should go qaietly to .Neath. : If she made any escapades, it must be ^hen. driven to greater extresnes. . f As for Lorid' Castlemaine, his heart had grosyn apstJheAio with excess of his musing. He did not know that he was misjudging his yoncg wife. -Therflovely fabric of his hope and atlaotion seemsd to.have fallen in ruins about hipi. Thefature was hopeless—the present was pain. " ' , Lord and Lxdy Castlemaine breakfasted alonisin utter silence., " \- Ia silepee they entered the damage to go to the statibn—in H'enoe they made j t& journey to Neath, in the r&errod.; first-clasa ear. It was orily aboot a year sinca, full of joy and' l vope, G^rttade had. gone to her new home af{«r her bridal tour. Then time was all to short for tha overflowing words of affec-. tion -batween -th^ married lovers. Now all was gloom and silence. - Gertrude fixed hergaze njson the' landscape—it was beautiful Kent,-with its low Tgreen hill?, its cathedrals, its villages, its thafajhedoottage^ Lord Castlemaine read theL^don Titert. • Intensely trutMfll and honourable, Gertrude was woundejl in hsr tenderest. sensibi-' ti&s; by tjie easpibipne and aocusations of her hosband. , One jofj her traits was obstinacy, and in this. shej never yield ; Badp hehadi falestapologiefil itiiefselt up. She would, ust come to see that st make the humidriot know that she could forgive him eyen len.;.'-. • On his part, Lord-Castlemaine, beholding her anger and gftom, attributed it to her interest in Gbjpni^ _Lenho'x, and distress at being parted froinliim. He Muld not have made a greater mistake. All the joy of a^turh to jiis ancestral home, which he deepTy Wec^ was taken from Lord Castlemaine. ,.11 " Gertrude regarded Neath as a prison, and hatedit cordially, A divided life began, betw^n this illfated pair. Veryjqften Gertrude did not oome to breakfast. .^ If sbe did^she met her husband with a oold nod,* the two read their letters and their newspapers ^ they sipped their tea and ite'their ^gl ^d toast/ After breakfast Lord Castlemaine posted %imsdf wkh the cares of a great!estote; he wrote, and saw his steward in the-IO^Bry; he took long rides to examine differaat larais, or visited cottages • that were indeed;of repairs, or school houses which should be improved. A year-before,plans, all interests had ^ been discussed wifc Gattrude.. She had gone wi th; him on lior^iaok^o ihe farms ; she had ndianted all i&etenants; with her courtesy; elue had ~ oalled the -.echbol-houBes; and fascinat^ the^^^dlor Kctor in the reotory, and visiteil^iie cottages, scattering gifts with a bountifoil |knd. V . , The two met at dinner, but neither asked the other how th|day had been spent; there were no-animated'diScussibns. Gertrude did not idl Rudolph pf the youog mother whom she had found jjreepbig over her dead babe, or. of the agedVwidbw whom she had comforted ; nor ^ did Rudolph ask Gertrude for a wedding trott>^H||prtlu.(ramelceeper'fi niece, r ..for a ahrist»|ing rbbe for a baby on some farm near Bedi^se. v 'Afto.^nn%^^r^ut|emdne read alonia in his Hbrary^^fimoked ^his iatgar as he pdced the terrace. 1 L^^istlemaine walked alone the gardens, jwje^,with some idle knitting. n -her^ * ~ haridt(,- * ~1SBt $6wn to her piano, hioh she ^pou P^ left If lier. Hasband appeared.;;.-;^ Su^ a jUe-af^biis is kiQing, especially if it mterveues "' bnddmgspring: pdither^Ij andlord.who" fegeaflaa^if" refiel, one*! deriiig jnthe^ Meath-Abbey; teragardensf ajBudden froston the warm, ;^dqtb. JhoA-Castlemaine. .:^up^pna:"ior he -^as a ^ '"'ii^^iwo^.iwfttfflMv " % Mftffijip btvratt^ M- iound ' not : only - parkedelicately iWtl^rlmCwild' Streams, hick Wods. windiiig wbwe for boors she would hear so step save her own. She became accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go for hours unaocompahied, te wander in the a*bbey parks. The year befordthe had been deeply interested in the tenantry, especially the poorer class. Her unbounded generosity found ecope among ihese, who looked up to her as a visible Providence. "The large isum which she received as " pin-money" from her hnsband. pnd that other large sum, whioh Lady Craven relieved her inml byrTOgplarly remitting" to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came id her knowledge. - The housekeeper, mindful cf her lady's disposition, as soon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all oases of need—this one sick'j that old dame*gone blind," the mother whose children needed to be fitted out for school, the, baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheelchair, the young girl that should learn a trade;:. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of these pleas, and in them she found some relief for her sorrows. In her hoUrs of lonely musing as she restlessly wandered alone, She tried to form some plan for her future. This life would become unendurable; ehe would go mad. After a while she would insist on going to her mother at Eastdale Park, in Sussex, her own fature estate. Meanwhile, not knowing what might nappen, she recalled Isabel's advice about money, and weekly" put a sum into a locked casket In her boudoir. She never counted it to sea how much she had, bnt the very fact of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. She felt sure that Budolph, if he had. ever loved her, had now changed love to hate, and she- never considered that disappearance would crush: her mother's happiness. She supposed that sooiety would oonsole her mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. . . * One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, his soul full of bitter pain oyer his lost love and blighted home, he saw a young carpenter of the village nearing his own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months before the earl, who had given him a splendid set of tools as a bridal gift. Now this young workman was going home with eager face and long, swinging strides; and now, from his door came out the young wife, joy in her pretty faoe, a little infaat.in " a gown of sprinkled pink" lying on her arm, and went to meet her husband, whom she greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom he regarded With evident pride and astonishment at its beauty and brightness; then taking his wife's hand, they walked,home, the mingled sound of their happy voices coming clearly to the earl on the ievening air, and Bendisg arrows of anguish through his soul. When he lifted-his head again he was passing the window of a cottage, and there withinj sat Gartrude,. in her white dress of Indir mull, and her clusters of roses, and on her lap lay the cottager's bajp in its white christening robe. How lovely was Gertrude; what sweetness in her face, bent above the little babe. The picture pursued her husband and filled his dreams through all the night. : CHAPTER XL. A TENDER PLiXT. "Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine the aext morning, laying'down his paper when the servant had left the breakfast-room, "can you not try and be a little happier here ? You davc lost all your gay spirits. I" think you ire a little pale, and you are listless and sad Cin you not cast away all that Is unpleasant in the past, and be happy ?" : • "No, I cannot I" said Gertrude, sharply. ,, " And why not; Gertrude ?" "Baoause I have, nothing to be hiappy about." It seems to me, on' the oontrary, that you are one whom all can envy; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home -!', " Prison, you mean," interrupted Gjrtrude. : < You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you sannot make them sing there.". " I am sorry if my home—if Neath Abbey, is a prison to you." "I hate Neath Abbey I" cried Gertrode hotly. -«• Can I take you anywhere, where you will ba happier. Will yoa go to Switzerland? Or shall I take you to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. Yon may like the scenery r there." "I do not wish to be taken anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You speak as if I were 8n infant or an idiot, 8nd as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." ! " Gertrode, you : surprise me 1 Why do you cheHsh these feelinga toward me." - ' " Because yoa have given me the bitterest occasion. Yon took me away from -London against my will, and as it T were a. criminal ! Everyone is wondering and talking.. Agnes Scourton wrote me that there a- thousand wond^s pyer it, and Isabel says she is weary of anqyeiring; questions about Lady Oaatle. maine. You have .disgraced me, and delibac. ately ruined my life. You ooald not hafo been more cruel. You said .once, that you could ba cruel to one you fondly loved. • I mnet take the cruelty then as a proof that, once you lovedine, though it is a poor proof, and I would rather havelessloveand Iras hate.' "' Believe me, Gertrude, I have loved you, 1 do love yoa with all my heart—with the^whol strength of my nature:" " And j%u prove it by making me miserable— causelessly miserable 1 I wish oone oi such love." The servant's return prevented farther talk,' and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance of the conversation. - : Lord Cfistlemaine told himself . that this, was the wilfulness of a high- tempered girl,' who' waB unused to any interference. B„. degrees the excitement «nd passion o( hei leaving London would be a thing of the past and they would be reconciled. He had hoped'that there being alone would liraw them hearer-together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to iput them farther asnnder. A third,party would make it needfai for them to <speak more together^ ahd be more oordial iban now. He would request Gertrnde to invite friends. As tor Gertrude, the «hprt conversation in which she had so illy met her husband'? pac'fic advances aroused to fresh heat all her anger. As she had said, she nourished an intense hate of Naath.' She h'ated the -family relics, the armorial bearings, all that bespoke the antiquity of the line. Bhe told herself tha* it was-pride of pedigree that made ^Badolph 40 exaoting ; he felt that he could dominate her because " his family was better than hers." . Se hadaaid so.: Waat ah insult.! Of ali things she hat^ the picture-gallery with the: family portraits; she hated those dark, proud. : self confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, " Castlemaine against the world !" . " It is jost the story, of the old French sieur put into English 1" crieiGertrude to herself. " There is the pope; and there is the iking,.bnt I am a CutleiUamel" ~ •' - • ; But'ol aHthings she hated the portraits oft the Ladira Castleinaine—those mild, ddioatefeaturedj-meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some of the ekriier ones possibly had hardly kniBw how 1 : to read. , M ; »ny-of them for- sole accomplishuents playii^-on .the spinet, and working oh ' Hie^tftbttir-l«nie ; but thQy had all knowp hSw tb^ott^t'^andit watf this fenunine.-xruekttMa and weakness that had n^uied ttu3 ; earls ot'.Giuiilemahie..'--' 'i-O fcjySj,:®"';:!• " Wdl/atlastthereftibyd bsa IadyCastle- ^^^•^j^alAjhi^^'oini-^Bd'-'^ii to: •'I wish, 1 ' she cried to them in her tsf?, " that you would all com^ "alive out of your frames just one minute, to hear what idiots I think yon, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would be worth something even to disgrace the name of such a weak-minded line of countesses, not one of you able to claim yoar own soul for your own!" . Gertrude's state of excitement was such , that she did not see the absurdity of this outburst to the family portraits. She ."was in a < singularly. excite! nervous-state which, she did not Realize and the trus cause of which she did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lird Castlemaine could assign for his wife's continued anger and obstinacy was the lingering regret for Colonel Lsnnox. He was of an intensely jealous disposition, and he had heard people say-that Colonel Lennox was a man. singularly fascinating to most women, and able to exercise pver them the most unboundedinfluence. ' The idea that Colonel Lemfox had dared to follow his wifeto Bith 1 Even thoughhe aooepted Gertrude's statement that she had nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch .all her movements, and that he had felt confident of a good recaption at her hands. S:ill, GarCrude was his wife; he loved her well. - Things might eo bask to nearly the old tender footing, if she would lay aside her pique and treat himasinhappydays. Shewasguilty only of heedlessness, the folly of innocence and inexperience. He must close up the breach between them at all hazard. Gertrude was sitting in one of .the long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson chair-cushion. Lord Castlemaine came up behind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunohea . of white roses. ~ "See, Gertrude, your own flowers! Wa shall grow famous /or our roses soon. Johnson thinks he can prodaoe a new variety, the very crown of white rose3. We will call it the 'White Castfemaine.'" / " Why, you have no flowers oh your' dress, as you usually have 1" " Flowers are for the-happy." " But I wish you to be happy, Gar trade." - " Yes, in your way; but happiness is not made to order." " At least you can waat Boms flowers! See, I will arrange you a aluster for your belt." He began breaking off an combining the flowers, and then jbent to put the full cluster in ita plaoe. Gertrude suffered him to do it, but only as one who cond me?. When he had finished, she said: "I don't love flowers as once I did; th<v odor is too. heavy, it overpowers me," ard she pushed the remaining blossoms from' her lap. " Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine, ignoring this. Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, iand yon- seem not to care about horsebaok riding as you once did; youare lonely: why not invite some friends." " It is your home," said Gertrude, coldly; "invite whom you choose." - ? "But I want the company as you choose," said LordjDastlemaine. " It is for your sake, I was very happy last year, when we ; wei-e< here alone; but now.I think; you .need some onetb amuse you." " Understand," said Gertrude, clearly, "that Twill invite noone here. Yoti hava found much fault with my choice of ^cquaint- -ances, and have- asserted a right to give tme orders as to how I sh^ll treat people that I meet. If I should ask any one,' it jmigbt chance that yon were.not pleased, and' I should expose guests to unpleasantness.'' . " You have-never found me lacking in ; courtesy or hospitality.' When wb agree upon a guest, yoa know my house and attention are at their disposition." . ^ " When we ogrtc,", said GertrudeV " That is, I may "go td^pu, and say j ypp ; per-. mit me to ask. each a one ?. May X maKe sueh a friend ? May I speak to. this one ?' Clearly, "then, Imake nb'friends, and giva no invitations' oh encb terms."" . - \- ' 4, -Gertrude, why will you misariderstand me? i ^ Yoa know I never,but in one instance, interfered in ! the ,slightest degree with 9our social life. : And that was where interference was imperatively needful, and where-I .^as in. a much better poEiticn tp jiidge than ybn were..' Colonel L?nnox:.was a very bad man.'^ " Yes, a wretched parvenne, lacking, as I dOj'some^tytooTOancestorBin.aBtrai^bt line behind Mm... However, I prefer not to disooes Colonel Lennox with you. ! 11 By yout jealodsy, in London, ycu have made me a mark for envious tongues. We shonld never agree on that question; .why continue it? Among aQ my. faults, 1-have Ohe yirtne. I hate. all. ceheoriousness and -unoharitable Kpea^ingof those'who arenotathandtode. fend^hemiBelves.""; . . She rose,.and stepped out bn the balcony. The- mooii^iiad ;ri^n..aid..flood^^e^bbey Johnson, theIiQdgardeh6r,waB pa^singa broad walk. " ',".'"": "••; " Johnson!" cried Lady Castlemaine^ yoa told mp that the true time to see the Amerioan < Yqccawfls by^onli^tY^umayaiowiBhbw- .tttojna,?.-r . ." ' Bh< tnn down the flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully stepping & few "paces behind iher, indi<atrf the"way to the new flower, which was that ieuu^her his chief' jSioVat heairt and restless in Boul. Lbrd Castlemaine also went do^n. the terrace and " followed at a distance., His wife made him unspeakably rn'iHerable,. yet he copld not : .Th"eiact^was, G»trnde had loved Bbdblph Castlemaine with all her heart, her firslC love; hut hersw&B; "iintutobElf, untried gul's • heart, and though; BudblpK liad >BVer - loved y be|ote, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and his Ioy6 for his wife . was f u more intense and deeply rooted &a;& hers for hitn. . . . * .; '• .• : : Lady Caetlemaihe and her g&rdner; turned to a smbw path. ahd'oame to the American Yucca. Itgreff ^oiiej in a smyi cir^ with a olose cat border" b! Tthictly -growing axtiUery'^ht. \^thin Uiis circle bf smoky, ' flame-flecked peen rcse tne^UCda inVfaasket fiye^tin'diataeterpf widegi^leav^hent: baok one aboye the -bther,'^ until their "sharp points touched the earth .Irbni ,*hibh;.they grew. -Ont ol this Natural b6iket eho4 the , diaft of,the .plant to a. height of eight feet, ' and thiii shaft for fully fiye feet was :a j mass of soow>wliite bloom- rgreat bellp, a3|!jsBryed of alabaster, the lower flowcr-^teme being the' longest and most heavily laden,. oiUil the whole was a pyramid-nf pearl-wltite beauty flooded by the white li^it of the moon. J." Saw you ever the like, my l&dy; ?" oried the estatic Jbhnfeon. "l aid not®ishyputo 8eeifcontal«v«y-ibwerbellTimB^^ . here it stands akme nndisr.-jLhe mobh, like a' great" white ghosts or- a tejaiitifiS "Bpuit—a ' white angel of flowers u the nodst :of tba guden." , . , ',,.. '.. . ^ ' • "You; are poetia, -Johnson," -«aid. Li^y : Casttemaine.,; ? Wel^ it iB^ust a soght to stir a inkn'fl soul. J - And,'- -my lady, standing babkliere as I am, I cannot tell you how -mrioh- ypar ladyship is like the ^a wer., la ur white' gown. my lady, and with, your ' staoding thereso you are .just 