I ' , 8T. ¡MiARYtS CATHEDRALS - I , ?"-?'?-?. Í* ! RECEPTION INTO PRESENTATION ORDER'OF NUNS. St. Mary's Cathcdra^was throngod At 11 o'clock Mass yesterday, when u young novice win solemnly rcccivod into, tho Pre- sentation Oidor of Nuns, Tho morning was a bright and pleasant one, and long beforo tho nour appointed for tho commence- ment of tbo ceremonies, ' thcro was a constant stroarn 'of people;'-and soon tho Cathedral was filled to overflowing by a oongrcgatlon in which thcro was a spi inkling qf all denominations. It is some - con- siderable time i since a ceremony of this nature ' took place, aud this taken in- connection with tho popularity of tho Ord"! for their good wot ka, probably enhanced the interest. The Presentation Convent, Tasmania, was instituted in 1867, hy three nuns , from Fermoy brunell of tho South Presentation Convent, lroland, and sinca.thcii tho Order has gone on steadily ¡net casing in this colony. The origin of tho Order reads Uko a romaneo. Miss Nauo Nagle, tho foundress, was a native of County Cork, Ireland, and a lady of beauty and fortune. Shu was sent early in life' to Paris tp completo her education. That city, then, as now, the centre of tho .fashionable world, revelled in the splendour of tho brilliant cburt of Louis XV. Miss Nagle' mingled in tho amusements and paatimes, and was bo-1 coming a confirmed votary oty.thc world's pleasures, when an apparently incidental circumstance'changed'the Whola tenor of her life. Returning from a ball about four o'clock on a dreary winter's morning, the was struck by seeing a number of. poor, peoplo gathered round the door of a church waiting for admission. Contrasting' the' oc-> iciipation.df these peoplo seeking God'atthe first appearance of dawn with her own had a wonderful effect uponhor. She dismounted from her carriage, mingled with tim humble gfonp, and went' into ,tho church, i That episode completely changed her life. Hence- forth (,,Bho resolved to devote ijior selLJ. to ..the-service of -God.- --Slur embraced "the religious life, and proceed ¡ng to Cork established the South'Presenta- tion Convent, whoso, branches hayo now .reached pretty wotl all ovei tho world. Tho original object of tho Presentation Institute Was " to devote { ila, U|)d|yidod efforts to promote the ,welfare of.itfc«, poor," but 'since then their sphcron ofi use- fulness has, with tho sanction of the Holy See, boen extondcJ. Tho members of the Order accommodate .themselves to tho necessities of tho country in which they lire, and, as is tho case here, devote them., solves chiefly,to the education of all female ¡ children without distinct on df class qr creed. As has been indicated, the Tasmanian branch of the Order was established in 1866 by three nuns from Fermoy, Ireland. A year later four young ladies were solemnly received into the Presentation Order in St. John's Church, Richmond, and the present con- vent in Harrington-street was erected. To show the increasing popularity of the Order it may be stated that there aro now 16 nuns in the Convent, 13 of whom have been re- ceived into the Presentation Order in Hobart, The Order has extended to Launceston, where a branch has been formed of 11 nuns, the majority of whom were initiated into the Order in Hobart. By 11 o'clock, the time fixed for the com- mencement of tbe ceremonies, the Cathedral was crowded, every availablo scat being occupied, and many having to stand. A numbor of visitors were accommodated with Beats on tho left hand side of the sanctuary opposite the altar of the Blessed Virgin, and comprised several well-known citizens. The high ni tar was artistically decorated with wreaths and floral devices and when lighted presented a very beautiful appearance The altars of the sacred heart and of the Virgin were handsomely decorated, and the subdued light streaming in through the fine stained glass window over the high altar added to tho effect. The name of the young lady who on this occasion enbraced tho religious life is, or rather, was. Maria O'Donovan, and she is a daughter of Mr. O'Donovan, librarian of the Queensland Parliament. Sho was a boarder at the consent, but left Bome tbreo or four years ago, having completed her education, and returned to her parent's home in Queensland. An ordinary wordly life does not, however, seem to bava hail much attraction for her, and a year ago BIIO returned to Hobart with a view of joining the Order of Nuns. Having previously undergone six months as a postulant satis- factorily she was yesterday formally received into the Presentation Order of Nuns. At II o'clock the ceremonies commenced. Tho great door on the right transept opened and the first procession entered, headed by the cross bearer, acolytes followed by the Thinfer with ¡UCCOBO, and quite a number of altar boys in purplo cassocks and white surplices. Then carno the priests assisting at the ceremony, the Kevs. T. M. O'Callaghan and J. J. McKenuan, Long- ford, tho Rev. Dean Beech ¡nor, Launceston, and finally the Very Reverend Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart in full Pontificals, having a glittering mitre, gilded crozier, and all the insigiua of his exalted oiiice. The Bishop having seated himself cn the throne, and the otherolergy having taken theirpositions, there entered another procession of an equally grand, although of a very different and more lutercsting character. The procession 'was headed by Mies Kathleen O'Donovan, sister of the lady to be presented, and she was attended by three"vory little children. They were, all richly attired in white, and were caliea '/the angels." «iMiss Kathleen bore the processional cross, and was called the archangel' of the angclio group, the tlneo children, ? Misses Counsel, Morris, and O'Donovan (u : younger sister) being her attendants. The group was followed by the boarders of tho Presentation Convent, attired in black, with white veiU. , Then carno the nuns of the Presentation Convent two by two followed by the li ever end Mother and Mother Assistant, between whom was the novice i elect.. The drena warn by Miss jO'Donovan waa symbolical of the, mystic nature of the coremony. She' was dressed in'rich bridal costume of white satin adorned with rich lace, and having a long sweeping train. She wore orango blossoms, and a rich veil'of old Limerick lace. The choir sang, 'f,0 Gloriosa Virgiuium," and the novice elect was conducted to the bishop, who acted as celebrant, taking his stand before the high altar, ??'The'Bishop, who'spoke ina tender fatherly way, asked : My child, what .do you demand: To, which the novice elect replied : " The mercy of God, the Holy Habit of Religion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mothers and, sisters." .The Bishopaskcd : " Is it with your own fice will and consent you demand the Holy Habit of Religion?" to which the novice elect made reply " Yos, my lord." Turuingtothe Reverend Mother of the Order the Bishop asked: "Reverend Mother, bave you enquired into the other points necessary to he known for those who enter into Religion, aud are you fully satisfied thereon?" to w'nuh the Reve- rend .Mothar madbieply "Ves, my'lord." The Bishop then addressing the novice elect, said : " My child, luve you a firm intention to persove'ro in religion to the end of your life, aud do you think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of God alone ?" The novice elect made reply : " Relying on the mercyiof God, and in the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hope to be able to do so." The Bishop then said : " What God has commenced in you, may He perfect ; may the Lord banish from you the old man with his works." The novice elect fervently responding " Ameu." She then retired accompanfod by the reverend mother and mother assistant to Put off her rich bridal costume and don the religious habit of a noviciate of the 'Order, the choir singing " In exibu Iaraol de ¿Egypto." The' celebrant sprinkled1 the robes, which wore given to the sacristan to take to tho novice elect, and the' bloaaing of the veil followed. The novice returned olothed in the 'holy' habit with gulmp and veil, and having a lighted candle in her hand, the choix as soon as she was perceived bursting forth with the following antiphon :-" Who is she that cometh up from the desert, flow- ing with dsllghta, leaning upon her beloved ? Thou art all fair, my beloved, meek and beautiful. Come my spouse from Libanus ; come from Llbanus ; come, thou ehalt be crowned." The simóle plain dress of the novice contrasted with her former gorgeous apparel, and waa indicative of the step' she had taken in re- nouncing the tineiiea and vanities of secular life. Meanwhile Masa was celebrated. The Rev. J. J. MoKernan was celebrant, the Rev, T. M, O'Callaghan, deacon, and Dean Beeohiuor, master of ceremonies. The music was Farmer's Mass in B flat, and was ren- dered very evenly by the choir, under Mr. McCann. The ceremony was then 'con- tinued. The novice made a genuflection to the Blessed Sacrament, and knelt, tho celebrant making the sign of the cross over her, and the remainder of the dreas with which she is to be clothed. After prayers the Mother Assistant presented the Reverend Mother with the ciucture apd the, rest of the dress, who put' it on the novice. After receiving the cincture the novice knelt, .and the Reverend Mother'gave hei"-the blessed veil, the celebrant saying :-" Re- ceive tho white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou maycat follow the Lamb without stain, mid maycst walk with Him in white, in the nnmo of, tho Father, and of the Son,' nud of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Tho Rovcrond Mother then put on the novice her cloak, when she bowed to tho Reverend Mother, then made a genuflection to tho Blessed Saeiainciit, and placed herself on her knees. The Mother Aasistnnt gave her, a wax candle, and the colobrant Hprlnklcd her with holy w.itor and prayed. 1 ho celebrant then gavo the wave, saying, '? To him that ovcroomoth," says our Blessed Lord, "I will give a new name." " Tho nain« willoh Ho' gives yen, my dear .child, should animate you to resist with pirsovcranco and to over- come Satin, the world, mid yourself.' Hence- forth you, Miss Maria O'Donovan, shall ho called Sister .Maiy Fiances Xavier.' Bo tho humble handmaid and woi thy child of tho august Virgin whoso name you have tho liouour to hear." Tho novice said, " The empire of the world und all the grandeur of this earth 1 havo dispiscd, for lovo of our ' Lord Jesus Christ,' whom I liavo seen, whom I havo loved, in whom Ii havo believed, aud towards whom my heart melmoth." At tho conclusion of the ceremony tho novico embraced the nuns, hy Whom sho was joyfully received. . The Bishop concluded the ceremonies with tho Pontifical Benediction. It may*'bo'men- tioned that the period of, Noyiclato, ,to which this lady has been initiated, extends two years, and during that time sho is at liberty tb roturn to the world. At the end of that period tho noviciate may bo recoived to tho Holy Profession, a step that ia irrevocable. Í Owing to the length of the ceremonies tho rmon was dispensed with. At, thçir con usion the nuns entertained the members of ia choir and visitors to . luncheon. Much credit is due to the members of tho choir /and their leador for tho excellent rendering of the music. ' His Excollency tho Gover 'uhr, who takes a groat interest in tho good Work of tho Order, visited the convent in the afternoon. lu the evening vespers were chanted by tho Very Rev. the Ddnn of "Launceston. A sermon, appropriate to the oioasion, wai pleached by tho Rey. Father. McKernan, of Longfoid. . . 