THROUGH SUMMER SEAS. (FROM A HPHtMAJi iHiRUIWFONhKNT.) IN. Tho kiiul of calm wliich is not inconsistent with lively motion amongst dancing waves ac companied the course of the Morlcara until the line was passed. Tliis event tool: place on Thursday, March Ifl, at U) p.m., and from that uay me nvainuu r>oa assiuncu mc niuuti.i peurance that belongs to a dead calm at or near the Equator. For 12 days the ocean had the glossy smoothness of uil, and u color varying from steel blue to inky blackness. Tlie view on all sides was as of some vast lake— a lake? reflecting lleeey clouds ami breadths of azure sky. Now and again the wind. sweeping fitfully over tlie surface of the fcu, rutlles it iu broad patches hero and there with transient, touch; then the breeze dies once more and the water is as sullenly still as at first. For there is not. lo my mind, the st illness in this. Arabian sea which forms the quality of beauty in many a tranquil lake. Jts waters iu repose look black ami defiant, and it is diffculL to believe that the great calm is not the forerunner of horrid storm. Yd this calm is the normal condition of the ocean track taken by the British-India mail steamers during tho long period of the nurth'Oasi monsoon. That part, of tlie voyage which would he met by moss sou- aud contrary winds, namely, along the Australian coast, has tho protection of the Great Barrier Iteef ; and the first tive weeks at sea, from Brisbane to Atlen, are weeks of caliu in which a row-boat would not. ship water — weeks in which the masses of water pressed aside by the speeding prow of a ship like the Merkara, form parallel lines of waves at an angle of Ifi degress with tho course cf the vessel, wliich the eye can follow for miles astern. In this weather, then, Ceylon was sighted, and on Wednesday, March 2-1, the Island of Minioov. Long and low, dis tinguished chiefly by its friivge of cocoanul trees along its sandy shore, Minieoy has a laielul significance to tlie ear of tlie sailor. On Minieoy a line i\ and O. steamer was once east away, and many a lesser craft has been driven upon it in the darkness. On April I last year, how- over, a lighthouse was completed, aud its rays now shine far across the sea. A few days' sail huyond Minieoy lies tlie important Island of Sokotra, outside of which we pass as we enter the Gulf of Aden. In oilier seasons of tlie year captains lake a course far south of this, and steam through a wide passage between Hukotra and Cape Guardafui, the extreme north-cast point of Africa. This capo, ton. has been the scene of many a shipwreck. Unly four years ago the Mieoui. a vessel of the Messageries line, was wrecked here, the Cashmir was lost and the Russian man-of-war Moskwa, with l>U0 or 700 soldiers on hoard was can upon the shore in 1SS 2. In these eases, to the horrors of ship wreck, have been added the barborous treat ment of the African tribes inhabiting the coast. With these a treaty, or arrangement has been made by which all ships wrecked become their property iu return for the safe keeping of those ship-wrecked, and for their conveyance to more civilised regions. Other islands than those here mentioned are sighted between Batavia and Aden, but these are mere reefs upon which the soft winds have cast the seed from wliich .springs the graceful cocoa-nut tree or wide- leaved palm. Tlie two weeks spout in traver sing tho ocean here are therefore the only dull ones iu a long and interesting voyage. Music and dancing and tho usual ship amusements help much to pass the time. Late ou the evening of Tuesday, March DO, we dropped anchor off Rocky Aden, than which no coast line could he more rcpelhuit iu its rugged sterility. The mountains and hills seem to set civilisation at defiance, and the fortresses and cannon wliich crown every point appear like natural features in so wild a scene. The place is a great coaling station, the !' aud 0. l.'ompiUiy alone having upwards of oUjOUO tons, stored there, and there is therefore a considerable native population. All food, however, has lo be imported from the interior, or by sea, as there is no soil on which lo raise the fruits of the earth, and not even a garden in or near t he city. Aden, like other ports on either side of that world's highway, the Suez Ganal, has been made familiar bv re pealed description. Cuming from Australia, it is the first place in which the various typos of Arabian Muhommedan life are seen. Women, with covered faces, stalk ghost-like through the rooky streets; camels swagger by with loads of wood or grass, prot ruding the nether lip in tlio self-assertive way of animals that are ' horn sneering;" turbaned laborers toil beneath their waterskins, the "wine bottles of Holy Writ ; " active sheep, white with black heads aud dew laps, like dogs, follow their shepherd, who goes before with a little laiub in bis arms: and in the market -place, before the low, Rat-roofed bazaars, sit money -changers, merchants in clot h and gra<s and grain, all .alike loquacious and "small" in all their ways, now, as a thousand vears ago. A strange place, in which a few hours may be well spent. Tlie British rulers of Aden are prodigal in police, ami the Indian constables, iu white Runnel and forage cap, are to he met at every turn. Attention is paid to strangers, and notice-boards call their attention to tariffs of every kind. Tlie usual plan of " doing Aden " is to hire a carriage, in which, for tlio sum of five rupees, four persons may drive to tho old town, spend au hour at the , Tanks," and return lo Steamer Point, whereboatsfarels. each way), convoy them again to their ship. The tanks, originally constructed to supply the town with water, now obtained entirely by condensation, are hollowed in the solid rocks. The largest holds l.ffkyJTD gallons, and there are half a dozen others of less capacity, all easily viewed from tlie terraces, to which access is given by Rights of stone steps. Tho hotels of Aden are indifferent, and the visitor will sleep oil hoard ship iu preference to trusting himself in one of them. Several large steamers were at anchor in the hay, and one beautiful vaeht, the Nainounie, with snow-white deck and burnished brass below ; above, the stars and stripes. Tliis graceful apparition belonged to Mi'. Gordon Bennett, of the JYctr Turk J/eraltl. Some of our party called upon that gentleman, who courteously showed us through the gor geously furnished cabins. The Merkara left Aden on March DO, and was soon steaming through the Red Sea. Very unseasonable weather for tlie lime of year, full spring, re sulted in a piercing north wind and "choppy" sea. Overcoats and muRlers were in universal request thereafter home, and even tlio arid plains of the .Isthmus of Suez were but little protected from the cold wind by the ranges behind. Taking precedence of half a dozen earlier arrivals in sight of her Royal Mail flag, the Merkara entered the great canal at daylight on Tuesday, April f»; passed through tho Bitter Lakes with two stoppages, and was forced lo lay by for the third time at rsmailia. Every few miles along the canal are the signal stations, or passing places, with pretty red-roofed houses for tlie .superintendent and his subordinates, and ' these alone break tlie monotony of the high, j saudy banks on either side of tho caual. Two vessels cannot pass each other whilst iu motion iu this narrow channel; nor, until last month, had tlio canal been navigated by night. But two weeks ago the Carthage passed through the canal at night with the aid of tlio electric light, and the Brindisi repeated tho experiment whilst wo wore tied up a few sta tions beyond the Umuiiia. The brilliant light tixed iu her bows was visible for hours licfovo she reached our vessel, making the sandy banks ou cither side like snowdrifts against the blot ting siiadows of the night beyond. Strange was tho effect of the uioviug moon of dazzling light as it came past us, totallylng eclipsing tlio great ship behind, until she glided calmly by ami became solemnly visible iu the dark ness. Seven pilots wore on tho bridgo of tho Brituhsi watching tho novel experiment, which will, doubtless, be declared entirely successful Reachiug Port Said iutho afternoon we had two hours in which to view the cosmo politan rendezvous, Set on a dismal mud swamp abutting on a sandy desert at tlie mouth of the canal, Port Said cheerful under unusually depressing circumstances. It swarms witli human life, and being one of the greatest coal depots ill the world, the annual importa tion is about 750,000 tons, has its harbor always crowded with great ships. Here wo took in 200 tons of coal in t he astonishingly short space of two hours, ami immediately entered upon the " tideless sea." The Mediterranean proved calm and four days later, being at noon ou Sunday, April II, wo dropped anchor off Malta. As viewed from tho sea under a grey sky and piercingly cold wind, we found tlie appearance of tlie famous island far from picturesque. Only where the rocky shore rises for a hriet space into noble cliffs is the island else than moan and barren looking as we approached from Port Said, and the grant made in lfx'U) by Charles A', to the Knights of St. John was probably at that time of little value. Since that day, however, soil lias Icon imported from Sicily, and gradu ally the place lias been made a fruitful garden from wliich oranges and potatoes more particularly have long been largely ex ported. ' It lias become of considerable importance, was captured by Napoleon Buonaparte in 17i'S, retaken by us in I suo, and formally transferred to the British Crown in IfU by tho Treaty of Paris. During our few hours stay in port, wo visited the famous church of St. John, with its wonderful altar of lupin lazuli , aud we gain some idea of the city, Malta is not seen at its best on a .Sunday, however, aud when we sail away at R p.m., wo feel that it has not done itself or us justice. Four days later we pass the rock, and congratulate ourselves upon the completion of the first half of the sea voyage between Malta and Plymouth, where we are due on Tuesday, April 20. As tlie last sprays of the Mediterranean sea dash over the bows of the Merkara, and the billows of the Bay of Biscay heave beneath her keel, wo can fancy that the cold spring breezes of England are already blowing over us. Far behind have we left tho Summer Seas of which record has hero boon made, in truth, chance alone has carried ns with fair weather up to Port Said, lor it is only between Bris bane and Aden that, settled calms for long periods together may be found. After live weeks health at sea, however, the ilmorous traveller will face anything less trying than a storm without trepidation. Proof of this was given in the Red Sea, where 21 hours' "pitching" resulted in only one case of sea-sickness, as against a rcore wliich would have been provoked by the same motion at the beginning of the voyage. Unconsciously tho stomach lias served an easy apprenticeship to the sea, which stands it in good stead when the Mediterranean is reached. With very many this fact will always weigh when the choice of route lies between steaming north or south from Sydney. But above this con sideration, which, after all, affects hut a section of the travelling classes, is the one of scenery. The man of business must regard speed as the one and only essential to bo ensured ; but those who regard travel merely as a part of education will ask, in the iirst place, " What is there to see ?" Tho answer to this question irresistibly points to tlie Torres Straits route as tho one affording the most varied points of interest. In tin; Rrst place, it widens tlie knowledge of the Australian as to tho beauty and vast extent of his glorious heritage in the Southern Hemisphere. The native of New South Wales who sails along the coast of Northern Queensland, who threads the Whitsunday Passage and absorbs the loveliness of the Albany Pass finds himself in a new world. Wonderful is the languid glow of effulgent beauty which spreads its rosy haze over these distant regions at set of sun i strangely silent the dazzling green of wood and hill whore breaks the dawn. Not to have secu this is not to have seen certainly the richest, perhaps the most beautiful, part of Australia — tlie guarantee of the realisation of a dream, which shows our vast continent as the most populous aud prosperous country in tlie world. For iu the far north, where so much remains to be done, much is doing, and by what is done may be gathered what will be done. Thursday Island has doubled its population within a few years, aud, as the Cambridge Gull country is opened up, will become a large and iinportnut port of call. Everywhere along the coast to Thursday Island change for the better is being made, and as years roll on uniubabited islands will be ex plored and proved, and these distant posses sions of Australia be valued not only for their soft beauty. The future glory of theso summer seas was, doubtless, iu the mind of William Charles Wenlworth when he wrote the famous lines with which I cannot do better than con clude tliis sketch— Proud Queen of Tslcs, thou sitU-st vast alone,- A host of vassals bemliuc round thy throne. Like sonii! fair swan that skims the silver title, Her silken cygnets strewed on every side, ho lluatesl thou, thy Polynesian brood Dispersed around thee on (lie ocean's llood, While every surge that doth tliv bosom lave Proclaims thee Empress of the Southern wave. 