CRUEL LONDON. A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. BOOK IL CHAPTER IL Br JOSEPH HATTON, Author o! "Clvtie.' "Christopher Kenrick," &c.; Visions OF FORBIDDEN' LOVE. " He is gone now, my darling; your father haa gone to London, and I must talk to yon or I shall go crazy. Kiss mamma, love." The little one parsed op its chubby lips ana kissed its mother. It was sitting on a crimson shawl in the midst of a hillock of hay. Mamma was kneeling beside it They made . a beautiful picture in the shide of the oak trees at a bend of the hayfield outside the cottage garden, bordering the Krram wood that stretched away iu leafy splendour for nearly a mile at the back of the cottage. The wood was shut out by a long luxuriant hedgetow. It was a hot July afternoon. The mowers had left the grass to dry. The birds were stilL Only a purple butterfly alighted here and there upon the haycocks. The wild hop and the white convolvolas climbed in and out of the hedge. The distant call and clapper of the bird-boy came up from the cornfields like an echo. "Sometimes I think I am a little mad, baby ; don't yon, dear ? Never so mad as not to love you. I wonder if yon will grow up to become tired of mamma; to look at her aside, and 8ay|unkind things to her." *' Coo-coo,"said the baby, stretching out its little arms. " Bless you, my sweetie She kissed it and filled its lap with hay. "I am going to tell you something, Willie, Ishouidn fcteTl you, only I know yon can't understand it, I wouldn't tell you for the world if I thought you could." " Coo coo," said Willie. " its, I mow it loves mamma, and it likes mamma to eay silly things to it, doesn't it ? 1 "Coo-coo;" replied the baby. _ " Well, then, there was a poor young man *n New York. I don't mean poor as to money, but I eay poor because I pity him, and his name was Tristram Decker. She looked round as if to make sure there were no listeners. A solitary peewit in the wood seemed to make answer in its melancholy way, and assure her of a faithful sentinel on duty. "Peewit," it cried, and still further away came up the hollo of the bird boy. "I think the birds and things begin to know os, Willie; I think they know how lonely mamma is, and they want, to comfort her." A squirrel looked down from the oak trees and whisked away as if to tell his companions not to come and disturb the pretty people down by the hedgerow. "What was I saying? O, I know; now listen." The baby tossed the hay from itB lap and laughed. "Yes, that's fine! O, what a strong boy!" She kissed^ the chubby face and then reseating the little one upon its crimson carpet, said:— " Hush! Now I'm going to talk. I know where 1 was; that poor young man in New York, he loved mamma, he would have died for her: sometimes I think he is dying for her now. I saw him this very day last week looking over the hedge in the garden. Hush! Don't be frightened and Til tell you all about it." " Coo-ooo," said the baby. " Papa had been unkind again to mamma, very unkind, O, so cruel, so cruel! and I wished I were dead but for you dear, but for you; and when Philip turned away' as if I had been a black slave, yes, worse than mamma ever treated the worst coloured woman on her father's plantation; just then, when I thought my heart wonld break, Tristram Decker looked at me over the hedge. Hush dear, it wasn't him, it was his spirit, and I thiok he mnst have died for me, unless somehow his heart felt the ache of mine, and he was so sorry that the good, angels let his soul free for a moment to say it was sorry. Do you think he's dead, baby ?" The baby held up its face to be kissed. " Ysu do," eaid the mother, putting her arms round the child and kissing it. "You do; then £ have no frieod in the world, Willie ! Even it he were alive, he conld be no friend of mine, dear, because he loves me ; it wouldn't be right, dear. Strange, is it not ? It wouldn't be right because he loves me BO much that he would die for me. But you mustn't be sorry for him; be fought in the war against us, and your grandfather cursed him as he cuisedall the North, and , so I came to be here. Do you think mamma really did see that poor young man, or is solitude and neglect afflicting her mind?' " Coo coo," responded little Willie. " Are you real ? Or are you a fairy child, sent to i>lay_with me ? I believe you are as wise as I, Willie—you may easily be wiser. I'm only a child, a wayward child, and I am naughty too. They bave given me a new and beautiful world to live in, and I was wicked enough to call it a cage. But I am a foreigner here, a creature who don't belong to these beautiful woods and fields, though they do try to make me welcome, and if it weren't for poor Willie I should wander away over yonder hille, orperhaps go and lay me down in the river, by the side of the lilies. I daren't take you along, because you are not all mine, darling, and so I stay here to play with you, that the good people may not say I am ungrateful." The b&by; had looked into itB mother's eyes, and as if under their loving influence had gradually moved into an attitude of repose and slept. She lay down beside it and her voice fell into a gentle whisper. " I wonder who you are like; not like Philip, sot like me. May you be unlike in your heart, unlike in your fortunes! When you grow to be a man be kind to fie memory of your mother; and for her sake be gentle and loving ta all women, they are so weak and obedient; and O, may you never know the heartache which your mother has suffered these last few weeks; if you do you will hate your father, as I am. beginning to hate him!"' Her voice grew louder. She rose to her feet. " For these last seven days I have suffered a lifetime of misery; in«ulced, treated with acorn, sneered at; it is four days since he has spoken to me; I have asked his forgiveness, 1 have kneeled to him, he doesn't speak. 1, Caroline Denton! Why, I don't think my heart stood still as it did in presence of Philip when I fled with my father at night and we stopped to look back and saw the house in fiatnea, and heard the cries of the men who neither gave nor received quarter." A woman entered the field at the furthermost corner. Caroline saw her, and straighsway took up the sleeping child. " Dorothy is coming, darling, we must go; I don : c know whether she is a good woman or a bid one, but we mast go now.'' Nuise and mistress met in the middle of the field. Airs. Gardner laid the child in the arms that were put out to receive it. " Why, lor bless me, missus, you'll have a sunstroke if you dou't mind," said Dorothy, a bony weather-beaten woman in a lilac print diesB and a white sun-bonnet. "We were in the shade all the time, Dorothy," Mrs. Gardner replied, submissively. "Master's been looking everywhere for you." " The Master?" "Yes, he's bin and come back, lost the train or something, and he seems to be in a fine way." "What about Dorothy?" asked Mrs, Gardner, increasing her pace towards the house. " Lor bless me, I doo'tknow, but he looked as frightened ae if he'd seen a ghost." "Awhat!"' exclaimed Mis. Gardner. "A ghost, there don't stare at me like thit, missis, I declare you give me a regular start." All at once Mrs. Gardner felt as guilty as if ^Tristram Decker had rcatty come to visit •hervand had been met by her husband on the rthreehold of the cottage. A thousand fears -crowded into her heart, aa if the very ghost . of the Keith American could dishonour her fair fatne in the eyes of htr husband. "A ghost," she said again. Lor no, there are no -ghotts in the middle of the day, thoueh one bad thick you'd seen one to look at you." *' Yes, I feel frightened, Dorothy." What at, joDr own shadow, mum?" " I don't know." "There, don't fluster yourself; don't go into the house like that, specially with a visitor in the drawing-room." " A visitor?" " Yes, we don't have no visitors as a rule, but this is the exception." " What's he like?" " How did you know it were a he, mum ?" " is he pale, and has he blue eyes, and is he .JfcUDg Sbe had the vision fsce before her. "Pale! He's a red-grey pompous party, and the other's not voung either, though he's dressed up to the" nines, as they says at Essam.'' "Two visitors ?" Yus, I saic there was two. "D : d jou?" . 1 4 A cMKSe 1 did. And they came in with mastei. and they was a having 'igh words when l theught as I'd come out and see where you was." . •• What were they saying? (To be coitiMtd) 