rut; h /,>//: r.t.v i nsrr.Li scr. | "ih<? V,>«>y.tn Ci nl.-;-:i ii It. .It- tins r-t.ir.1)-. | Air?,;.. i r-?v. k. v. Kit. " iiiutt-.: - m v. A. b Ci.Ki'.t: i!m: an «vat . part »or Cftr.-ffta wv;A iiuon lift-;.-;,'. j An nmen<lr«i»nt moved — 7:\V \ti. !Vvr.. . villi 4lJ.;sn wf.M »"/. jCCt, WC tilfnU I tin- mai:.-r iu ti» h >i;. MiMli.n tfiur.iitire. j Tho amendment uai carried. j hl'.roht. ; Tho roport on Church Property wan adopted, i with hearty thanks io the compiler, Bov, V. P. : W.,iU | 'The report of the loan fund was presented by | Rev. i)r. Watkin, and received and adopted. iMtXAHOXS. It was reported that donations of land had bet a presented to our church at Toorakj; Hui- lum's-ror.d. Prt.ston ; Summer Hill. 1'righton ; nndLinvker Park, Red llill. The cordial thanks of the conference wero accorded to the gentle men who hid given tho?e donations. The thanks of the conference was also pre sented to Mr. E. Colston, executor under the will of the late Mr. i£. Barnard, for the sum of £200 paid to tho trustees of Ondit Church. The Rev. H. Bath reported that the late Mrs. Bennett had left to the Brnns wick-street Sun day school a legacy of £200. LOAN FVNIi COMMITTER. The Rev. Geo. Daniel moved That tfic ijvui Kunil coremitice be directed to pay tho money uuc un llow.ong and Itutncrglun cliurchct. An amendinont was moved : — That tho case 1»e referred to the exigency coui- mittco for consideration. The amendment was carried. CUSTODIAN Or DKRPS. Rev. Dr. Watkin, as custodian of deeds, read his report, which was received and adopted. He received the thanks of the conference, and was re-appointed to the office. WEEK ov PllAYER. Rev. E. W. Rye moved— The the conference records Is devout thankfulness to God for the spiritual property enjoyed by our church "luring the piwt year, und urzes upun our people genc- rally to observe the week of prayer and thauksgiving appointed In connection with the jubi.ee thanks 4ivi..« movement, with a view to tccoru tlie greater outpour ings of ihe awakening, converting and sanitlfyin/ In fluences of the Ifnly Ghost than have hitherto marked thu history of this churclu The resolution was carried. CUUltCU ETATtSTICS. The Secretary read the statistics prepared, showing that we havo within the bounds of our conference 17,884 church members and 906 on trial, being an increase during the year in membership of 1060. A long discussion took place ou the work of the church, which was ultimately closed with a suitable resolution. TOXOAX APPAIUS. A telegram Was read from the Now South Wales couierence acknowledging tho resolution of this conferencce regarding Tongau affairs, and promising consideration of the same. 