JIM HARWOOD'S CHRISTMAS EVE. " 'Tis an old story, bovs," said my father to us, as we sat" by the fire, bothering him for a tale, " but it may do you good to hear it. Poor old Jim' he always looks sheepish when any mention is made of it, although the adventure was the oest thing that could have happened to him ; the turning point of his life I may say. " Jim Hardwood and I were both in service at the little village of Stanton le- Field, on the borders of Derbyshire. We were great chums. Jim was a civil, good-natured sort of fellow all round, but a little too fond of good company, and the public house at that time. " It was Christmas Eve and Saturday night; we had both been working extra hard all the week to get things in order a bit beforehand, as we had got leave to spend the Christmas -Uay at home at Woodcote, a village about four miles off. Jim's house was not more than 200 yards away from ours, just across the village green. Woodcote was bnt a small place then, one main street of rather scattered houses, a brickyard, a pot manufactory, and one for drain and pipe- making. Well, we had arranged before starting for home to join a party of Stanton villagers, carol singing for an hour or two. It was a lovely starry night, but had been raining hard in the early morning, and the roads were Tery muddy. We made theTound of the village, singing in good style, and called at a number of farm houses, where we were welcomed with cakes and hot spiced ale and elder wine, till Jim began to get rather lively. About 8 o'clock we left them and started to walk to Woodcote. As we trudged along talking to keep ourselves warm, it began to snow a little, and gradually got worse as we proceeded. " After about an hour's walk we came to. the four-lane-ends, at the entrance of the village, and here we parted, arranging to mi et in tl e morn ing before church time. After he left me, it appears Jim called in at the Nag's Head Inn to see his old friend Blunt, the landlord, and first one dropped in and then another, till the little parlour was quite full. As it happened the conversation turned on ghosts, and the landlord gave a full account of a tale told by his ostler Sam, who had been frightened right out of his wits one night a week since, when coming up the lane, with a sack of oats on his back. An old tale was current in the village, that the ghost of a certain highwaymen, who infested the district years ago, and was hung in chains for his crimes, was in the habit of taking his walks abroad at certain seasons, and Sam swore that the ghost had followed him, rattling his bones, and clanging his chains, until he dropped the sack and rushed into the yard and banged the door to ; still the sack was all right when he went to look for it in the morning. Of course, other tales followed, songs were sung, and healths were drunk, until Jim had taken rather more than was good for him. " On turning out he found, after going a few yardB, that a thick fog had quietly spread around; and, as in those days the lighting ar»angements were primitive, the condition he was in made steering a straight course down the lane rather more than he could handle. Lights seemed to flit about him, he kept dodging about to avoid objects that seemed ready to hit him, and the ground rose up and down before and under his feet, till he got throughly bewildered. Suddenly an object loomed before him, large but shapeless ! It advanced with a dull tramp, tramp, and a rattling as though a manacled hand was up raised. He turned to pierce the gloom, but the fog was too dense, or his eye-sight too obscured. All the ghost stories he had heard seemed to come crowding to his remembrance, but very much mixed; witches, ghosts, headless horsemen, spectralhighwaymen,and other horrible appearances. The object slowly ad vanced, and he could plainly hear the clanking rattle of the chains it wore— it was the spectral highwayman with out doubt I He tried to shout, but the words froze on his lips ; he could see nothing, he turned back and started to run, but this, alas! was also a failure, for after going a few yards he tumbled over a heap of stones on the side of the road, and finally pitched head foremost into the ditch. This enraged him, and pot-valiant as he was, he determined to catch and settle that ghost, if he died for it! It is not so easy to catch a ghost, and this Jim soon found out, for as fast as he fol lowed, so fast did the shape precede him; and as Jim jnade first a long tack and then a short one (as the sailors say) the width of the. road seemed to be more than the length of it, and as he "was just as far from catching the ghost as ever, he got tired of the fim, and thought he had better strike out for home, for by the time it had taken him, he must have gone two or three miles out of his way at the very least. So, after considering a bit, he settled which way he thought he must come, and started back at a pretty good pace, but unluckily he got into what seemed a very nasty bit of road, for the dirt seemed to stick to his shoes so fast, that he had hard work to lift his feet from the ground; indeed after strug gling desperately to extricate one foot out of a hole he had stepped into, the other stuck so fast that the lace broke and left his shoe sunk in the mire, and do what he would he cOuldnot find the place where it stuck. Now and then j he got on what seemed to be a bit ■ of solid ground, only to find that a few more steps sunk him in as bad as ever. He tramped along, however, losing his other shoe next' and then his hatj slipping and. tumb ling, and of course plastering himself with mud in his attempts to find his lost hat and shoes. Just then, as he got on his feet to try once more for a firm place, he was again horrified by the ominous clank, clank of the ap proaching spectre, and rushing bead long, away, he dashed against a bank that was too high for him to climb, just as the object gave vent to the most unearthly chorus of shrieks and groans that ever proceeded from the mouth of . any living creature. ^Fairly frightened out of his senses, poor Jim sunk down oblivious of ghosts, spirits, or anything else, into the dreamless sleep of complete exhaustion. " Next morning, when Joe Smith, who lived next door to Jim's father, went down the garden to the shed to* feed bis donkey, he found that the chain and rope that fastened him up was ^ broken, and the donkey missing. Noticing a gap in the hedge, he got through, and followed the donkey's track down the lane till he got to Cartwright's clay-hole, and what do you think was the sight that met his eyes? Why, Jim, lying down feist asleep under the far bank, hat gone, and no shoes, and covered with clay from head to foot, and Neddy, the donkey, standing quietly over him. Of course, the first question Joe put after awakening him was : " What in the name o' fortune art tha doin' here ? Hast tha bin treddin' clee aw night for fun ? Come on up ta t'house afore anyone else sees an hev a wesh; else thou'll never hear th' last on't.' " And he never did! It seems that the donkey was employed at the clay-hole during: the day turning the mill, and had wandered in the lane after getting out of its shed with part of the chain and rope still round its neck ; and, disturbed by Jim, had followed him through an open gate into the field the clay hole was in. Jim had followed the donkey's track round the field, and eventually into the clay, " treddin' it," as Joe said. His tracks were plainly seen in all directions, and his boots were dug out of their separate depositories, not much the worse for their burial. Poor Jim ! It took him nearly all Christ mas Day to dry and brush the clay from his clothes, and he had to stand the jokes and chaff from his friends and acquaintances for getting' bushed' so near his home, and spending his Christmas Eve "treading clay" with his friend the donkey. All things considered, it was fortunate for him the donkey had followed him, for by standing over him, it kept him warm, and, in the state of wet and dirt he was in, possibly even saved his life. " In conclusion, I mav sav, that Jim never forgot the main cause of his mishap—viz., his muddled condition ; and I am happy to say the resolution he made, "never to take more liquor when you've had enough," has been faithfully kept." 