T'E -*- r :,;, - . . ;O MYSTERY OF MOOR. FAM LiYy Ar ."' h 1 'nonR o .A ' for lif!," "Tarmugli FoS6d tl4rong? Prta L O s WtAs fing qtlhe 'ind" ., 4f-,a CIHAPTEI XT. 2s1 0oTAOaB OUT.-AS UNExItr.CTED BEnCONTa t. . tight, anid yar, atd brvely rise ..e , -TA. Temt. aL. 'tarnia are thousands of p aople now liring who *oinasunber thle emcitemnt in England wbhen tli ncss af the gold discovery in Anstralia n athed th '. mother country. The Exhibition of 1851 .had ot been clored when the moot extraordinary rumours of , the yield of the "diginog'' were circulated in this county, but Utidlii of'gold Iad come to the eltra of. otcieals lbfore tuhat In I t10 a cerltan epetriernseJ iron??worker, eamaned 'mnith, hau informeud tho Gorernment at Sydney that he haid disenrercil gull, and ue troduaeld a nuggot in favour of his nssertion.' In April, 1851, a Mr. Ifargreave gaveo information as to ta gold yieding locliies; while no nirntal of a man at Bathurat with a lump of gold worllh thirty' pounds created a great. cusnlion. Juane, July, Angnst, and September, 1861, wroe months of ex citcement in Australia, and wihen, in Septonlmer, 1852, Auguptus Selton reached tLotdon, he foind an esodnu going on such as lihd never been known r lofore. " In 1nv, 1851, the gold rustl to ll:tLhmst took placeod opl went rad. 'TIho Ilkthurst Fye Src u of tliolh of July contained tho following "ia"lusrtis mnad ngain. Tho deliriutm of-lhe golden fevebnas returned witl increased intensity. Men meet together, ilnare stopidly at one another, and wonder what will hapen] n next. E.v'ryibody has a hundnrld timsc ieen a hiundrcd-weiglhtl of Ilour, bqt a hundred-weight of gold is a ptrasao t;;re:ly known in the Engli latigango." This discovery was no exagtrntion, for on the previous Monday n gig had pullod up at the a own. paper office, ;a tuhe gl hudld been hliown ned thCri ' taken to lthl Union alnitl. This i'nInIseo "fidn" was owing to a native in the eIIIulovyILnt' I of DoCIor Kerrwhile minding his sheep. l'ho shitinig app'eur ance of a rick had attracted the aerf's attentiun; heo' smashed a portion with a hatchct, and hio found . gokL d r - * * , -' . ** ' ' . . . . : On the 10th September the news reached England, and thither theo old was forwardted by a ydtney. firmt. Tihe Government imuted licenec to digger sad other gold.flelds wore discovscreL Froin South . Australia, within a few miles of Melbourne, ctateg the moat astounding intelligence in Decembelr 1851. During that month nearly £50,000 worth of gold was carried into Melbouneo snild Oeclong. Gold was noaing from the ground. One nuggoe htad realisedod £11S, and ona vessel was relportesd on her way' to Elngland, oon followed by othler, carrying a rich cargo estimated at £13;0,000. What wonder that villnges wore deserted, id that td.n hands demanded fabulous wages to remain. farning was practiodly udesaB ill the face of ouch facts. It was mlnust impoosiblo to obtanin labour at any price, and, salthoiuglh tn nggregato of fifty thou. sand men wore eeking tlhe precious sectal, they noarlyall had onme success. Anyone who can read the Sydney patiers of the period will tind a serics of wonderful htorine. One nitin left Melbourno on a Saturday, and returncd in ten days with fotteen pounds wcight of gold. I'eopll who went to look on were temltcd to do a little washing on their own account to see what it whs like, and reaulisod in inany _noes handBomeo ums in the course of n i ow houra. Gold was carried in all kinds of ways. In horso collars, in boxca, in s?ddles, in bage, under cscott, and in every conceivable imannuer. Auttilndia was mad, and in 155i' the gold-furor iad- spread to Engand. At that timo ,a visitor to London might have imagined that everybody was "off to the diggings," and that vcelssc wore all bound for Austlniu. Menn tad women rushed frantically to the docks, and to thi shipping agente, to scuro pasrtgcs. AIIsorta and conditions of men, clerks and cashiers, gentle. men and working men, were o il intent upon leaving old Englaud for gold. The City was a study for the philooopher. Such hurrying, and pushing. to reach the broler', to catch certuian ships, dozenes of which were advcrtised with all the latest t iprovc. ments, and ri aabout to sail "with despatch" and "inamedlintcly." No delay was possible until thi vessel as souight out (and frequently in rviln), as etj then ahe woa only cominig up Clanluel, or may. nap kl.king sbout "'al the day in the .lay of iictay, oh ." No tim;t to choose-tako it or leave it. If Gos 'idn'i lootsk Eharp the coveted berth was noon sold over your head, and the business had to be dono al over ag-ain. TeO curinou fact that cvcry ship was imlcter outnd, better umnncd, klter coppuered, and lbtter snlpplied with nedical larn thanl any olthr ahip imade littlo impression on the unrctlectilg multitude. W\'as thero room u? wib. tie; irt qu,.atin; was "' she going a.on.n" tbu ecuand. Tlh c-pjupr and the t urgeon, thebrths, even theI fst-Milig ricccummei;Jat;on gave way in favour of iiimedi:itc dle:ipatc. All .ltoss( nd agte, ut both -'-'xc, cold ', .secn curodina at the docks, and tryingto iindl 1th1 hip schich w.i t'o le their only holm fur anyl w:ci ek.c.. lAundou was in this tcranmnt ii the et F!,cintr of li52, uwhen Au.utlus E;clton ,puahcd his way inln tite City, and imacle incquiry tie.'.tuing his pvi-s .:, and his autlt. 11 ii anaiiged tI hcectI the .ione, an gavo olders for tho olther,l and then cnit down, a; hundnri of other stimilarly " liovlckd " went down, " to have a luok at the slhip." He found her in thue Ect lndia Doi ks, and a fine veseul sho ccwa. She ail ap iil:ncntly unldergoinc repaire, and wan being gu:ncrally Ittat tl rights befcro eho would ventule uut. Blat ntlwilth.tndinig thli unrcndinc.c, nearly all the callins were ilria.cdy engaged ; tie names were writtel ucioni crdcs or paptr. lut Ic tnianaengc he went ashoroe again, amnidst all tlhe dle. packl;agc . carts, aild the lhundic.d cnd Ona' (nerlnci;lc.iiCo s vlhie? littered the wharvcs. Siheltoi nimde ltia waiy as lest he could along the crowlctded iqu\l to thlu dlck g;utes, and then bLck into llo City to seco his banlera. Ilia business was soon tisins:ct(ccd, fur IJohn Skeltion keptt a good bltalccc, ni\ld Aigciustus was not unlilownoto tlie firm an ia dolpositco. (OIt' eour ;c tih pai nI'rs liad lheari the nuews of thel ohld iiian'is aitldden discllcciaranc, froin theo sn anuld Ir othli:r lc n-cis. lBut piining lhi reappje.ira.e, nld the proabcte of th lcc ill, which wclas as yet unncted on 1, i the advice of tlhe cxecutorr, the bliank ari9 quite willing to lcnaur Agcistcuca'a ('lheiiuet on the dvice of lltheir local rIepresIceitative aLt lraU' itoii. Thus a great, cdiuliclt wias rcmoved, and ir threeo ?yavB AugustuRw s rea'dy to stlan. IIirnnaer', tn tie iaassenicr list . Willia'm incmlkc. Thli vessel wasly by thi timie also in ra ltato fit to encouclter tho dangeirs of ltho voyago ; and llhe young man, rathcr wondnlring that lie liid litu rd nollthing of the "«ccidlilt" that had 1:cifullen c l lln, nud Ithat. no c-welcipcr pai'ar.rphli reflerring to ,a " niurder" lhad crught his eves, dlrove to Funclhurcli-ctreeatc to tako the traino B Ulacikwatl to ctch his chilp. ThIc confuaiouin w tI tlrrlile. Sailors rnshing about drugging ropes, which coiled about ltho foot of the crowacld cmuigrantl, and tuminlidc chliliecn, -dlilng and ecreaminog, into the st.lupicrt. llclow thu ccence wua cven lloro deciltdfult. HIcro non, womsnu , ulnd children, cooking ltensils, bags, luggage, tutcd n'i the pacrli'i, enllr lia insepannblo from tihe various outfitv dtokl;cd up the deck, and rendered niovcement almost imupossiblo. Even thu clabin wlhich Augustua H?Inoe with nnother man was lit(cred and itufny, and tlvinh filled tho littll available alucca with hin hand-packl. ngeP, hl retturnod on deck and waltchedud thu ueeno on tho river unntii Gravcend was reached. Hlro tho ship recnainld until tho tide mnad the tfolowing day, and then the stiean.tiiug took iher in tow uanim, and then Dover was reaclhed, nnd the tumbling sea sent soime bolow. 'lymnouth was mi;ihted and visited, and l hro a few canbil passoengeri cano on bonrd nnd moro emigrants. i'hon away into the Bay of Biscay and past nImdeira at last, in tho wind bad been chopping and clcngingi; and when it was steady, it blcw in a direction contrary to that it wans wntd to blow. Only Ino:;o wno hlavco innao tliovoyagetonuscci..ia mnder such conditions can have anuy idol of UIh loathc.hmo diecomfort with which thoe interimediate of thio gold lever ngo had in ninny cacs to cndurie. Given u competent captain and crow, cnndi prhapl, tlhings ,aorn bitter. lut tho firma elwho des!ptic:hle thase great 'shipca did not trouble tlhemsclvu o in thcose rdaa very ?omuch abrult 'their humnan freight, packed into a venue! irately laden with tallow or some lucdl n-vorT culrgya, ind dicidcd huastily wcith planl;s to liomn reievgoiog ,hceea. '-ho dirt, tIio contfuion, thi ciovm osan, the ticrtambJrig for food, the fights for prmc.;leomc wora bhad eanou.'h in good we'athter, lut wIhc'e. the rolliing and lurching of nn ill.foulnd hip utiiet.w ncter-tr'-auo and packagos, when toe sea Oanu oti t ri jif lw e-h tih tI.i,, whoLn .riin pojur~.cd ou, the open batche, 'when .the dirt 'arid aickineus engendered by trodden.in victuals and refulse, sald the oereailing -e.sicnesls; are lakelin ilto ctndidint m no wonder theiirmtorediates"'' did not "canjoy themeAilves; thoe wonder is they lived. Oiie day a territtle catastroIpbe hapjpced. Alchldl playing ulpon the deck fell down theopeln hatchway and was killed upon the spot; another of his play nmate's had both of his loe broken. The scrcamre of tihepotori nilior were ro eadful; and when, two dayr aetor, thu captain olereod the burial of the poor litile thingsi-for the econdl child sucunumbed to It Injuriea-thie eeeno.lrlldo many weep. Augustus was irnlelled 1~- riioty or smrrpalthy to dcr??nid, and beheld one ef the pacr wrmmn come rushcing up ol deck just as her little one wtas ireing curnmitr'd to. the deecp; 'lir aniorlcr could niot lhor Iher. 'With super~hurman rr trirffh rhe l'ushetd lon, arnld is tle Iabo la s' lrraunchrl ! over lihe I ide aihe qpang up and. hurled hcrsel aft.r tie little lbdy into the set. Slre cl nanmidni as intiruit, gieven to lower a hoat and pick herup. Thu?h hlrp wasl Ilre't'dl rind hove te4'd lirpireg gently in lhei ripl,lirny octlan ;: but after ri?? ll ru hoar's .fruirlear nrrechi tzIre boat pulled lick, dth i n Ind the hip reeded onr'her cur'u, settled glrroom prrendling. So long t Ire lure idlrand i ihope Augustus, with a eyrirntihr to which his hrrart tad long l.r?r a tlrnrg:er, trdnl to( crimfort tho berrvernul huslorird, l,rrt in 'air..i At hirt? tit man ia trrntdrind rid, "It's awell intended, ir,i and : thank yce; but ourr hitro never r'rcn. r"a mrn 'you ' love go down like Ithait, or 'ion u rouldlr not tllk of Iracirn s you do. I horuuld i' haiceld heir back. i am guilty-I-fect it"? iThe irlow went teright 0to 8h:l onlr beaet..: ird Ire rot oeen one ,m down, rind bh ison?lr'o ct ne iHad ie hld Ellen erk ? lie tumrnd sawoi, rom the lower dick sick ,at hbntire,?rieg that ?s'tngca ncen was pumiringhim evean here. lie was makinlrgijr l way lowly along feeling a vcry Gtin in hisi renors|rr, rwhen a loud exclamanioin niilde him telalt; lir nR~iar was prnouncdi? r Hloobked rp in terrr eid found himself confronrrl by',a wild- lookling crreaturs wet. was oridently aeffeoing frIir the ditcomnfortah if tr. rVoyage, and who ke'o reraces of ifor'e than l sasine illOes. kShelton sltarted back in terrorfor a rrilom , . ras unem 'erNairmi Blryc, + C. AVrTEr XX " A coeirrFesaoe Imrut.rnirieran. " ieOnlwmih liorr/ateedr.lramPr Ueowpmsnhorlookls , Aal at aPn earitryrui ?'!-IliireUI 0711'. :' NAnrom DBrive on l1 rd im emrigrnt ehip iound foe Melbeurne and Sydney! IHow woi thiis?? ~ . I Augustus Skelton was Mo trlri liv birprie Lt the cpeaernc of the giisy that Ihe could scarco iIIvci ' his eyes. But rilthougli rho ?eas thiiner and 'wrn' by sicknec, the quenched, nor. was, the, cold deliberation- of ::here manner lsess threatening thin-of- old. ':: : :' S "o I have founei you, Arigutrnus Skelton '": The' words fell upon lit. re-r much as if she had added, SOhr mine elcinyr!' in' m'uiionrscioeirquolttion. What': dlid bho know ' lIad blio fillowed him to denot?ice" him ? ' I "What do you want withl me.-" inqirced ther young man, as btoldly ishe could. "WoiLro not suih ygrnct frirends that we should care tomeet ! " .n .t ' No, indeed," Ilplied tle womtan. ' Friendtla) Oh, Giod ! friends with the eon of thr6 man who drova ue muid nry huebanid to ruin and dcoesir, iild left' my chlild a eusiarwayanmrlorlg saingrsile-Friends! i'; "I bavo no time or inclination to liston to your ravings, woman," orepliid Skelton, only too consrcious ' of observant eyes and listening cars rbout bim. "I. rhave never injurred yoeor yorrur rs you know; so all your curoing will do m'o *; rd. 'ou never winhrcd men well,' I know." , "I Irate yeo, ,isrskE Sk?ellon, " *'lirsed tie womn. te you, u.lI hated y.our fither. ie is gone tohils account--' - "fStop," Mid Ailgustuc, in a low, firco 't?ro. "Stop. So yon know' who muidered my :.thcrt Ahl: I.see ou do!e Well, when we reach land, yon and I will ·sottloe that accolmt with' thie autho Niaomd Brycecehangedcolour-- greeniih tinge o fear overspread her countenance. Then ehe turnci deadly pale, She knew abo had raid too much, b abe boldly replied " You will-never Icarn his fate irom me, even did I know it, which' do not.' Cerel here. 'She bechikned him into a space hby the side, of ihe ship, where:. thiy 'ero conmpanlrively irivCto, and out of carshotof curious listeners " i"Now," she cantiriuied, "you can say whatyeao .In. lUn? I warn 'ou tflit if you daro to NmakeO iar.st'emaentionnagarnstmn lill I Iha'e failed or suc coded in niy objiet, I will ret liit? on volt, and thenl the consequrnce's wouldl be not to pletrant for Itr. dvgustus Skclton of Cantonleirgh. The gipisy can see and slpik at timre.S, though ye( havre croied Y'ourr arn ir, I'm told ! " lIer mannetr impressted Skelton,and hisconsecienc Ifishir. ,: frce with cimnton. 'fhe wonuar. crv her r-ndom n haft had hit tire miraik rind stored ct. e rememrilann?e of it for the futulre. BIut, to her ustonihelrnnllnt, Augurt;,s rle lilied- " I 13 I iot tar?c', ;ind do lt iot ar wirat 'you can do. W'ho you are, ir lIlo vtl von Ire rit'dirred 'ourrr infonn~tionr,--or why youn havle ptllraued me ovith your lhatrecd-1 io?l't ktnw. I beli'l.'e you alre uiiud, lldi it- will bo aiy dluty to gi\e' you into custody ! " Nilnmi Bryce laughlod i hollow, wild laugh, so penetrating and su ill-onicned that manily people intu1rn?t to gatze upon tihe ill-matihild palir. " No prisohn hl:l ever holht re, IMr. R, eedlc !" hl rcli.d, colnteilinptuouslr'. ''" ('rlstdy ! Take car you are riot in cusltody yourself :'' Iloe turned rnbruptly awaxc s t ho jipoker, not yen. turilrg to face hlrt; aril Nrionii, thiuglh riot bla" liny nilltx rm Itn r e whr ' i' l r.erieateCd,?tu: iii hiti anindi tationii tti;it lie -eerie tying frien Iriglaidtt for r?eon reasolni or ilthe', 'leo ihyt) halid hiei trt i ctl I'roublo to conce;ld his liMinI ? ]lio dntfemlnlritnd to f'rtlhonl it. Aug?iutor, on hiii prlt, neie lup hio mind to avoil tihe interiiienledhttr l reicciigrI deck durirg tloe rc nllillllnder'l of thie voyatie', aldi to itolflront llmi occ the arriel of the 'ier I. lht wte rclirr;eoth Claitpl oiir elids, roilighli-hci' Itheln louro wie' wich, tn'a thi.Aigr'trsi ftourniri oirt big"'runre flh l"ru, a'Nr', the "w''lvl-fnct ld'f i la "irt)i".r*iPn rceid " t cilitlpurc, riactried rorrcl PhipJ; Cr irO'- i'i. in might of the land of gold. OlYu aftrernoon the dictlor came aft, llr-, t?,?:ri thin :raitle, ~id ithat a li W(ei::i in hris care, " forward, err 'i]mp, nud desiirel to ru· hiltn. " It i noet anu in. fect i nc aoidlcr'," hie addnetil. "l' r disease it Illnt:lrlllllutioll Of tht luigas, in d you ILctId hUtVre t0 c-ar. fllrt il ennut la long; Iher' lunig are cv nrirlily genc." Anugitns immnitr telhv di'eincih thin the pliritint wai none othier th..at Nirotimi 'hrlco, Intld Wheni heo crlcci, in tie '"ictk hray" 'i fllllll r iilt u iit t It ehisurier wan COrrtoi. Stuo eeiea very it-a?lk, 'Thte voyago "li'r orrr, ch1tr toIII, ~otuld i?,ron be ovter. 'IYoul haveo lent for me, hiiorini," iaiL' hq inrcklt, "anrd I hInro conco hut I hInthould necreOi\,e irhave tloughrt thlat I can ble of mny use." i 1 r'," she inlreidcec ill Ii low, wlisrineric tort eirsl yU'oui BVCt tiriswr tonic Ilim ha you will litevr lilt Iuponl'i whirt 1 tell ein or irir-it nlllyoire I i1ic IIltllion."' Airig4n? iironr'id c olt il Ii"y to kei p her cond-i. tiere. and mnrtircir it. " Yelulii)' |tr r ii me,''" lii, .caii. " I will," ihie replied; " but m' Hraren rquiito y'ou ras yOU l\'ill d'scrvo if y'ou brleak your iwornl Nnew, tl-nd dlown clhi.e, uitnl listeu. I1id you ever Iheir of :rink li?rt i'ran--hi bcistCer Alice, was )our iiuother ?I "Y3ea, of coure.. '; lie i.t-r .C. t to Au\tinrllir; ire 'ica a fol-t-" "''Itrih, he eeri nio fulon. I icm on mry utrlhllicid, an id ii tiote to tell 'ou the tnrth. Yiur futhr trtild to ruin hlitre. -X'ciUr filliher r'thiarntn'd hio kltro. factor, your gl-lidfithta', intn of tl'e lnor lrmir. lie tlhrlvel rila he fatterret ritor initiryit. Ay' Iin't ri-hriik, liin telling you truth ; 'isii il' ehihiyco'ribo ti1e, wen?tri you rit-urn-n humie. Fran r- ]irhime wt-ti driven to steal hry your' fIIIheri ' C('LduItr ic; your' tnoller wr t ei? 1 prrice his failher pail .lohnir Siknl-n tohioli hi.r'hand. Youir i'atnhtr puit terimlt itittiru in Flrrlllrrr'o way ito ertnllgle himn, lcll?asu y.ounllg lJirtrvnn hlnd fornlt hhin out."'' i" 'iound tIiln rlilt! l'y fiathIer do viln menrrn P" "l? es. 'rnrlilr unor Iuhow Jont ll i l'lhltn, Ilie bailiff, Ihad rolibed il lhrld to get til?e farm into his lhalnds, end eri-nl lli Ire w'oul hiile trl ake'l it, bri·ig of irg0, 'your' fath!lr rlinrllild him ctrlftil. t l tloor chl rttiirIaim prird thIe pi'irc--'liiehir drglitnh, Atlie, your uiinrluliry rethiiait--.i [lt' tle bl a Id clle ....e i ~ieo --i ,ut l' how do you ktnow ? ot e-I l ore itill.l " "i ji,?fn. I have not lurch enmora brttrih lft in re,. Held mlle rp. Thiee, I nover titoiuglLt to li0 inr!.tble to youli for c-vlen a i,'-iei of air. Well, Ihor dtI I Inow P F'rank ' art rirrl n i;rici ulnrn ll;lloei·rt hlit finrani:. liu rind hin wif u \\\rllrli tVre glone iti" ry tog'2thrn', lit tl hllo \t-ifs with child, nlll citllhtl i-rot nc-leprr .ci' len. 0 f ln lls er-irkon ill.-h--I 'r chlii1 \\\':e r inor?. e l?i nll mnd, thur sl', for 'i'rrs; a inll \wine ho rgot well she cnamno--ibatck--to Jlteeliycolabo- and — ; oh, wait—wait a minute." 'rn?:'..u , :.ulpported the dlying wotl:lan in his ralnm, ntoed sthe er as well as hIre could, Afterli whileo ue resuludl, ievten neore fiiilntly- S" She cnlui Irackl. IIcr child 'illrs gone., ulhe li, ll trac, till ee dry ohp illntci-tl ?hu had forud hami. fo A ii/eaafsl the .looaf Farin Ag right, sainda that I dAugusltul Sleto, reeniier tait. iBartraps's will is somoewhere, and in it hd left the properly to his daughter for her life, and then to his son Fnmk and his child or children. I told your father that, rand he know I told the ftruth I That is why he fenrol the gipsy, Naomi Uryce; and J hated him and vol--you to--uh, I hated you all!" " jllt w;hy, Iny poor woman, why ? 'We never wronged you or ar friends. We Inever did yeor any harmn. If J could fnd llnrlram or htis ton, I would restore them the pmlaorjta . Ohl JoYiah, J suppose, could lhave told. lBut who are yoet - "Josiah lharrison know all! lie was .truck down. ])o youl remem|ber the night of the wrcek ? Well, on tshat night Frmk ,lartr.ni saw hia !" " WVhat! the ghost they sjpoke of;: the datrk msan you were with, Naomi? iPas ],t F-raaTk liartr'aan '? 'Yes; it was he, and no mistake. Io lhad come bheck from Sydnoey, where ho had discovered gold. lo came for his own. lie canme for his wife. Josiah Harrison threatened him, and insulted his wifo's name; Bartram hiit him; knocked him against, a corner of the funder, and nigh killed him. Give mle that cup." She jook a draught, and her voice liecimie a lift.!o cldearer for a time. "I .Ieard tLit. ''Thlirn the iiijared Bartram sought out your father-.-" ".*Thit night! iThen hokillve hlnI, too .2" "No- no.-inot that. I 'm auroel he uever did. I. haow·--i-'. · " ':- ·'Ii r,'' ' "BIlut Who are ot i ,' ou anosas rso much, adin ?itt; no one reoognisoea you. Tell mne, Naouii, how do you know all thisPu' "?ho mniled aidli, aind said:l " I will tell you. 1 an ·Fra ith:'l.'rtr,'a tao aihafil rie. Amniy Iistlow I wa?s one o. aoaini Il yce i was called when I jineed the gipi.s. For yrr.n' watched and waited for my hushind, andl.he cane. lFor years I watched over my son, and he knows iai, not. .aow gou 'ian tell chyd lihatedt tlig s' fa/ht, Augustus Skolltoi; horobbiaed.m of inyphis?hand troad my haine!" '"' o"ut vour husband returned. Whiers is hie " S"I don't know. lineo that idh't I've nevurer ecen hn.i; You and 3lr. iodgson 'pikcd Iup n paper in thelMoor Farim. lou zemeinhrit?. It w:as his- my husband's. Ho coled it from liiensister'sa grao -your mother's touibstono. Wo notle to- uyso ro. tlurned to Sydney together. 1i. was'ich ai rid Iros: porous. uIit I have lnever sien him! Ohi! Hold me-nah --! ; have cieis to seek. hih s SShu fell backwards, Augustus litd her qiuietll down and sknt for rtlis idltor:.o lcdlatinsle :iodei recovereda little, ctiillaid: : ' * Yel will not hiarni lilms nor iy h?" o l 0is - you promis~eo--you lhvii prenmistled-7 :-:- : ,-::. " I swear itl! i'oplied Augl?-tue, soleinnly "Anal, in iiy.fathsr's nanmp; I ial1 your pa'rdon. Whi' didl you not tell me tlns heforos: If you had bult tldsro so, what a trouble yoyu might haive eaved- r t i"e over--norer; your fathdr ea wsi oo hiird-too harl IrIf you sco i hlusbaiind tell hi tiii?ilt-:dll is well.: If you seo n' boy---" ShliOceasLed to sek ankid Augustus said: :" ' Vho is he?: Whoro is he ? leow shall I l:ow him '. : " SH.is iname ils: lldward; but they cidled him - Oh! Lord, receii' my splirit; I ut dying! " i The poor woman fll back insnsitl blead never spol?kngahi. The doctor cam?e, and he,with Augustus, remlllained till the end. Shei knew them both, and ifteir a few lhoiura she tllied a little, imid csa3led to ris'. Once hlt pre?Fed the haild of Algusust, ned in the act of formning a word, abshO exlireal, at nino o'clock at night, so far front homo! I'oor Naomi ! Seekilng her luvedl husband all lher life! The ship ploughed her ay throlugh thie waves, aind the mool rose bright iad clear. Thiatnight the sailors came atald caWOl up the poor hbody in n sheet, and fastened a ehot to the rope. Thet, when it was rlalpled in canvas, the burial service wan hlur riodly ·read by the doctor at midlnight, aind all that was mortal of the once belarutifal and happy Auay Bristow was committed to the deep, "s ".Naomi Bryce," thus to remnain until the sea should give up its dead. Poor Kaoiii ltrwccc! " Thisi was all her opitaphl. (To be contintri), alns. 'PArtTINGTON might ns well claim as her own cousin the old liady who, haIl ing been taken, whlile in sNew YorL, to Eoe Chriioty' Minstirel, reporte.l on ber return Ilome, tiat ble had wnt to seeO the "Clriejtian Mlininteri;als;" S" PA, I gueta our len R lalph is a good Chris tnan." " 1low, Co. my boyn:" " Why, pa, I rerad in the Bible tlht tile wicked sball cot live out Iallf hir da~v, nd all ili ays hc hae lived out ever iince he was a little bay.' -' )o I look anything like ycu, Ir. lJones P Inquired Canulilower. " I hope lot," lwas the reply. "l)id a manr take vou for e?" " Yes." L" Whelcre ih he? I must thlralhl i hium." " Olh, lhe'dead, I aiot him on thle yspot." A LAwnY:n ans summoned ano a witness in a certain caea. The jnudge, tindinl th:t thie "witness wat lying billy, iiiterropted han, i a,.'ing: ' I beg you to forget your lprofesion for a temoment and tell us the truthi.' .\T a meeting of a certain town council anr nablernl:inl colplailledl of thIe abeence of a certill coulnr cilloer. " Sir,"' e claitled a councillor, indign:lllly~, " you oughlt to have made that comllaiiiht when lie was pre. cent ! A ~llssoler t bride's father gave her a cook sore nas a weddilg lresenlt ; htier iiother, a carpcet: hier flather-il-law', a chliia tea set; olither frienid, broolei, racke of flour, kitclhen utenril, dintil:g-room Ltible; ier ilrother, a canoe ; hter tUile, a birdt cage; iher cousin, a t lue crow, aidl the bridegrooen gave hier a s:ack. '" These usiefiul aie doalertie articles were all valued above irre getiloeawe,' sa1 thle local ipller. " 31v darlintt, yotu do inot Lbelow upo n me 0o nluchl allfcctioi aon you dlid bleoroee we ere Illarrictld," re nmarl;ehd a pouting bride of four years to her hlusband. " 1 oe't I ?" he replied. ' No, Clanrles, you do tit: you pay very little attention to me." "'ell, my dimr," observed thlle hIuab:rIi, "tlid you ever oee a Ian rlull ttter a horse-car aflter l:e had caughtll it?" A rOAN in Yonlors began to lauigh inmmnodor alely over somne munniri g iarrati\he, lltnl illally, to hia diumay, w?as conesciouns thIlt h coui\ not rtop. 'rho doctor inhad l giveii hint up mI the family were gathering ilrounid iii oxectlatioll of thile endl, whel i t elceglali nrrlved nying thallt his wife's mother w;on comiimg to rall; a i t ell(lt viysito 11t \ie ea iaveL, ii iil lini laughed no 'T'n latdies of Pittlsburg, if we belieno ono of their owit painllers, callnot keep tlcir face tcleilll, in coll oequence of the cool oot lwhichLI i consrl:itly falling iii tlio .rmericin Blrrlirlgh;lr. Whirr a lily's lace recoives a desceC.ilirag Ilake, hlier nearest friendl blorn it of. 'ITo wiplo it oil vonld onrly lilike bald woro ; and nriil ln ligilar to s;ay, thle ereatest .indlless sloii ly the ladira to eachl other is wheln they Comie to blhw ! A 1E:,m'ruCK-m judge inR dii0ided that a Iitan inhas ro right to l:haress lis niile to a Iow ; lo, inot everl nwith a tiiuIc, Aidl yet wromeei complaI tlihat they Ihave no riglllhts. A sotOttT tilno ineo certnin lnstern parties :ut a geillemani Out to I'nakollr lhllleoOtai autrl oliher "actioin of the Norlth-l- et to ispecet thIe countre, icnves tigate itn 'eourcea, nmil lprepare ai report, on llort they et ald determine whnlethler it iwas best to emtigrate lithliler. n,.ent Ihe retutrneil, a mieetinig was heldl, aird lus report orl nd very eatisfactlory. Just beforle iadjournninr, i go,f\tleman nlied tIo ngent about tile iwater out Ilthero. " 'tell, 1 declareC;,' was Ie replyl', " l krnow there eas somethingr I ltnt forgotten 1 Inever tasted walter whlile I ICOI awley 1 A ut'tr?tint of Congroen from the Far West, who nwans invltetl to a diner nat as'IIRirgIOIni is noi' toll. Ing his cona!lluenlts all about it. "Thele wasn't anlly thing on Ilre table wlhenl I got lthere," ho say'e, " bhut ontme folrksI ad clapons andbricky brac, I'rerently thley brought in someo ooup. As I dilh't oe niothlitr' else, I thoughtt l'td enat all thie soup I could, though soupia a luifighlty poor dinlner to invite :a fller to. So I rwas helped four litimesr:; and tlhen cane on lthe Ilnelt diller I ever scr, nlld themr I set," groans ihe, " cloke full of tooap l ' " l)oN'I' you haveno anly nohoola hero?" nrskod a traveller of a resident in a \ll'isconsil villange. ' lIlndl a kind of a chool Ilthere last oeasollr , but tle toacther was too owillilg." " IIow so?" 'lOh, some of thle fellow ansked himn if hlo taught tlhat thie world wasn round or slsquaree, and le aiid, oceln' hie was out of ii job, ho'd teach her roundi or quareo--;ust ns thIe School Jolard wanted it leachted. - Snid it iwas ilhinaterial." A Neenw Yonic publiasher otforidr 1009 dols. for o story tlrhat w :l tumake hi hir tlareld onu end. Matlry tried for the tmoney, bIul by gotobo it, heocaurie thIe pub. liner wan totally baild. " Yolr onught to lao itn our roomt novw," oaid Anly ; " weo have a teacher that rinise le l00st." i \We1," reliliedl tle high lehool girl, I'd be ashrelrned of imyiell. You olaould any, Governs lthe hleori olal iperclh on lwhich the fowl reposio,' Itot rulen tile roost.' A. P?'Ar'lt wantolh, in good running order, hIn ibeen exhibited lby a Dresden wnatch-maker. lMade, ive irploro, frort Ironissory notes whtich had btroi running uon for recer. A ItA\N will burn his linger lighting a cigar witlh a piece of paper, and make no fiusns about it, hrt when hiis nlfo nal.a him to set tIhe tea.kettle over, and hli taklb hold of thle warm Ihandlc, le Is mnd clloughl t wrrgk the lticcheil. 