SELECTED POETRY. THE HOMESTEAD. Under this title Whittier, the American poet, has published in the Atlantic Monthly a new poem, from which the following verses are extracted Against the wooded hills it stands, Ghost of a dead home, staring through Its broken lights on wasted lands Where old-time harvests grew. Unploughed, unsown, by scythe unsworn, The poor forsaken farm-lands lie, Once rich and rife with golden corn And pale green breadths of rye. Of healthful herb and flower bereft, the garden-plot no housewife keep3; Through weeds and taDgles, only left. The snake, its tenant, creeps. His track, in mould and dust of drouth, On floor and hearth the squirrel leaves ; And in the fireless chimney's mouth His web the spider weaves. So sad, so drear ! It seems almost Some haunting presence makes its sign; That down yon shadowy lane some ghost Might drive its spectral kine. Oh, home so desolate and lorn! Did all thy memories die with thee J Were any wed, were any born, Beneath this low-roof tree ? Did rustic lovers hither come? Did maidens, 8 vaying back and forth In rhythmic grace, at wheel and loom, Make light their toil with mirth? Did child-feet patter on the stair? Did boyhood frolic in the snow? Did grey age, in her elbow-chair, Knit, recking to and fro? The murmuring brook, the sighing breeze, The pine's slow whisper cannot tell; Low mounds beneath the hemlock trees Keep the home secrets well. Ob, wanderers from ancestral-soil, Leave noisome mill and chaffering store ; Gird up your loins for sturdier toil, And build the home once more! What matter if the gains are small That life's essential wants supply? Your homestead'B title gives you all That idle wealth can buy. All that the many-dollared crave, The brick-walled elave of 'change and mart, Lawns, trees, fresh air, andjiowers you have, More dear from lack of art. Your own sole masters, freedom-willed, With none to bid you go or stay, Till the old field your fathers tilled, As manly men as they! With skill that spares your toiling hands, And chemic aid that science brings, Reclaim the waste and outworn lands, And reign thereon as kings! 