? B The Exhibition. | Thb exhibition by gaslight it oxpootod ai a 1 necessity, and aooepted as a matter ot course, i but the exhibition nnder lime light is not a 'I matter of oonrse, but a very expensive treat, j albeit on exquisite attraction. It doea noc I much interest the genoral apcotitora how, or by J what moans the strange light and fasoinariug 1 piiEmatio hues are produoed — the effoot is what * 1 the pnblio want The oxygon, whioh in gene- M rated in gas-tight bags from tho ohloride of 9H potash and black oxide of manganese, ia mixed fl with hydrogen, produced from ordinary ooal mk gna, and hidden away from tho vulnar guze ? and publ.o ken. The light ia then led B to the : an tern by tabes, lho oxo- hydrotron ' B passea over a ball of lima within tho laute.ru, H and produces the limolight whi h again pa«aea B through two powerful lonsei, and the light fl {Km each lantera waa equal to 1,000 candles. B 1 he 1' rger one of the two lxnterng uxod last B night in the largest in the colon}, and has a B disc of CO feet ray-power. The light pastes B thro' gh numerous prismatioray producara, and fl the effect was in some instai cbs weirdly grand, fl especially the rainbow rays whioh by tho art and fl manipulation of the the operatora seemed to H lodge rainbows within the volume of the sprays ,fl of tho fountain. At 8 o'clock the fountain fl was turned on and the water rosn to a height M of 40 feet, in a steady volume aud , |l the two lanterns took in the whole of M ihe body of the spray, giving every con- H ctivablo variety of shade and prism. The artist was Mr. T. M. Tyrrell, assisted by Professor ' Pepper (of Pepper'a ghost fame) und several assiatants. But much of tho grand effect of auoh remarkably good lanterns waa lost by the ga* not beicg turned low enough. Thera was too I much gaslight to do justioa to the limelightera. Of course it ia a grave question whether it would be wise to lower the lights much more where bo many thousands of people are oongregated, .r and orowd eo olosoly upon one another in their various and unknown characters ; but whether the polioy of public eoonomy admits it or not, all the earns the full e3aotB and beauties of the limelights were to a great extent lost. The surroundings, too, were altogether too prosaio to produoe anything like ' the fairy scenes the descriptive writers of auoh scenio displays so often indulgu in in doing this class of ehow. The limelights will be oon- ' | tinufd to-night, when the matter of lowering the gaslight may be considered. ' Amongst the large number of exhibits in the 1 poultry clasaweretwo notable birds— a splendid :1 pair of Creve cceur, whioh are valued at £100 ' ii the pair. These beautiful-orested fowls are old fil prize- takers at home, having taken 'first-olass it .prizes both at the Agricultural, London, and j'l ' the Ourzon Hall, Birmingham. The birds »re ]M four years old, and in splendid feather. They K were deaervedly awarded the first prize as fancy H bitda by the judges on this oooasion.' ' ' /PJ 'Thoboy is father of the man,' and while -?! the grave and reverend seigneurs, the gallant .1 young men, and the middle-aged examples of I measured step and slow, are keenly observing 1 and anxiously oaloulating on the grand stand I whether the horse he has laid bia money on, or I the one he is the more fortunate owner of, will I gain the prize, the merry youngsters, theraoing I men of tbe fuure, are boisterously e-joying I and, albeit, a less dangerous manner, upon tho .1 price of the fiir— the hobby-horsei and merry- II go-rounds. All the famous horses of history ,jtft are there, and that little fellow who bastridus *°*fl Diok Turpin'i B.'ack Bess, natheleas in wood, il feels ai proud of his mount as the 1 jookoy who bestrides the winnsr of the Derby. lij His, too, is real erjoyment, unalloyed by the r throbbing fears, anxious epecuUtionand carking cares of his seniors. ' Hi, hi, hi ! Walk in, ladies and gentlemen, and see the wonderful family o! three fat ohil dren,' real exampleB of the fat woman of our old J'nglish fairs— a family all colonials should ? bo as proud of as tho fatter, who aota 83 cicerone in the exhibition of his wonderful children, fondly uroclaima. In these genuine exhibits there is no exaggeration or trick ; / , nothing of ' the ehow, the show, the show' to - be sern— a horse with-ita-head-whore-its- tail should - havo - been - dodgo. which was prosaically a horse turned in the stsll, and \va- a joal 'have.' There on a low rickety stago is ihe famed Clara Snell, young giantess in flesh and bkod. who i3 t- iaat 7 inches j high, and weighs 21 st'. 10 lba., nnd is f only 12 yoara of age; Thomas, a biy ot | eight years, and who weighs 0 st. 6 lba., and i-.i Anna, who is six years of age, and weighs 8 at. \M 4 lbs. These ohildren are genuine oolonialj i born and bred, having been born iu Bunyip, fl GippB'and, Victoria. Although auomilous iu JB their Bize and development thore aaema to be Fl no freak of nature in these wonderful examplea /flf of flesh and bone. Tho boy is espeoUUy j|iy well made, ard looks remarkably intel- l|.;1 ligent and healthy, with just the slightest |jffl indication of a wheezing in breathing. pM C'ara looks heavy rather, and Anna tskoa ||,j after Clara in heavy bulkinesa as well as . MV, in or.untenanoe. But 1 hey are all three above ™|M, the uveroga of ordiuaiy intelligence. What- JB ever is the cause of their anomulom s:ze, and it '^B is not our purpose to go into either the physio- |fl logical or psychological question of their ™ strange development, nothing oan be plainer or HI clearer than that nov artificial means are em- W ployed in produoing tbe maEsive limbs ; tho fffl 'too too solid fle-h' is unmiatakable. The Hf show, wbioh is a great draw, has not yet baea Is honoured by nil the cromied heads of Europo. Mr but from the father of the shows showing aU Am tbo blookheads of Australia have visited the m\ prcdigees. Thy are w≪ worth seeing as a JH show, and a strange example of the gtoss in Hj nature. -t{1 Yesterday's jumping contest waa good, and J?( most of the boat horses that contested for the m- Licensed Victuallers' Prizi put in an appear- Su ance. The last three horses left in were Blus p, Poter, Graftou, and Blaokboy. Theae three &'£ jumped uncommonly woll Blue Peter ia a ac sturdy neat fencer, and flies over the obstacles g, like a bird. Grafton, it will be remembered, H jumped well cn Wednesday, and was within an g- aoe of winning the prize. Yesterday Blue vl Peter managed to Benure the prize for Mr. Geo. fl\ Baynea. He was well ridden by Trihey, who ?* i, has won three or four firtta at tbeae shows, ' Grf-fton came next, and Blaokboy third ^ ' We have been rtcni.oi.ted to make tho follow- w ing corrections : The exhibit of Mr. Bummerlin j| was of primulas {primula simnsis fumbrinta), or '?' Chinese primroses, and not pelargoniums, aa \ we stated. Wa were wrong iu attributing the i beautiful arrangement of plants in theoratorium to Mr. Maxwell ; tho oredit is due to the over seer of the AcclimHtiaation Grounds, although Mr. Maxwell supplied the etatuary. 