A Grand Old Lie. Writing from Erie, Pennsylvania, U.S., recently the correspondent of an American contemporary recounted the following grisly narrative, which rather reminds us of the absurd stories that used to terrify our grandfathers:—The newspapers this week gave a thrilling account of the dread ful fate of Samuel -Meeter, of Harrisburg, who, with a number of ribald comrades, had an imitation of the Lord's Supper, with bread and beer. In the midst of the mockery " an immense ill-formed and foul beast, with cloven feet, pointed horns, and eyes that flashed fire," appeared. Meeter died a maniac, declaring he had seen the Evil One, and was lost. Erie has a case somewhat similar, only that five lives vere the penalty of blasphemy, instead of one. Although the tragic events occurred half a century ago, they have never appeared in the press, notwithstanding that the older inhabitants remember them distinctly. To day the correspondent was shown an old house in Greenwich Township, east of this city, to which is attached a highly dramatic story. It is a large structure, three stories high, and of quaint architecture. It was erected in the early days of this county, has! been untenanted more than a gener ation. and, it is said, no amount of money could induce a Greenfield citizen to stay in it over night. In 1836, when the house was in an unfinished state, but nearly ready for occupancy, a party of five men, bent on devilry, took possession and held high revelry until morning. They were shock ingly impious, and deadening their con sciences with libations of whisky, .brandy, and rum, they cursed God in turn. A Bible was torn' up, burned, and the ashes mixed with the fiery beverage. Then the men, lifting high their cups, drank to (he confusion of the Christian God and success to the Prince of Darkness and Ruler of Hell, During the dreadful toast a terrible storm sprang up. Lightning blazed from the dark clouds, and a fierce clap of thunder shook Lhe house to its foundations, making the blasphemers pause. Three days after one of them told the other four he had had a frightful dream. In the vision he saw him self and comrades as they were three nights before. He saw the sacred Book blazing and reduced to carbon, and mingled with the liquor, and he recognised in the clap of thunder the voice of God telling the five that punishment was to be visited on each. It is a singular and well-attested fact that a fearful fate befell the participants, and the super stitious ot Greenfield regard it as the ven geance of Heaven in fulfillment of that vision. Adam Schober was the first to die. His end was made horrible by delirium tremens, and he raved about ever lasting torments and hideous demons with spears. Joseph Neil went next, being drowned in a stagnant pond. The third, George Hodge, perished by the hand of an unknown assassin, who plunged a dagger into his body in the dark. Jonas Larkin, was struck dead on a waggon, and his horses drew the body home. The doom of Peter Fuller was suggestive of his pledge to Satan in the blasphemous bowl. He was imprisoned in a burning building and roasted alive, and his charred bones were gathered from the ruins. For many years the place was believed to be haunted by the spirits of the " Fearful five," as they were called. It was insisted that upon every anniversary of the unholy orgie their spectres entered the house and went through the Bible-burning and drinking scenc again, after which each was seized with the agonies peculiar to the death which overtook him. Twenty-five years ago, when the evil reputation of the house was at its height, Noah W. Lowell, now the Erie agent of the American Express Company, with a party of young and ghost proof companions, determined to dispel the fears of the people by having a dance itv the place. They assembled against the advice of the oldest ghost-seers, and in the middld1 of a waltz a mighty rush of cold air extinguished the lights. The dancers shrieked and fled, each fearful of being seized by the spirits of the dead* men. Most probably a gust of wind put out the lights, but many still believe they had a supernatural warning. The Melbourne Corporation scavengers have struok. The Governor of Victoria has left Adelaide for Melbourne. The right sort of Centenary—Drown 10ft of our beat duffers. . Mary Murrell, an old girl, died in Goal bum look-up last Sunday. The Melbourne Seamen's Union protest against a reduction of wages. News for the oountry. A probable Ir rigation Grant. Water boon 1 The Gwydir is flooded, and is now 100 yards wydir than erer before. Campbell, knooked down by an omnibus in Newcastle, died on Sunday. Bonnat, the French portrait painter, is said to make £20,000 annually. Dr. A. Thompson is looking after the sanitary oondition of the Newoaatle people. P. and O. Co. are building a couple of 7000-ton screw-boats for the Australian traok. Dr. Mor-nn opened a bazaar on Monday at Paddington in aid of the R O. Churoh there. E. M. Bagot, lost nine days ago in Adelaide, has been found in a quarry. He it dead. Twelve and a half per cent, dividend has been: doolared by the Commercial Bank of Aus tralia. Ten per cent, per annum dividend has been declared by the Sydney and Suburban Mutual Permanent. £75 has been given to the proprietary of the.BATiiunsT Times to pay their expenses in the recent libel oase. William Peterson, suffering from cramps was being taiten to the hospital. When the door was opened ho was found—dead. Verdiot on Grant, found dead in bed in an hotel in Lower George-street, wat death from fatty degeneration ot the heart. On the arrival of a train at Stafford the other day, a man was found riding between the buffere of oce of the osrriager. He attempted at Peokrldte to croia between tbe carriages 1 whoo the train _ started, and, being unable to jump off, he ie»ted: himielf between the buffers, and rode to Stafford^jl'ih diitance of rather orer six milei, 