MY WIFE OR HIS. BY CLEMENTINE MIONTAOU. Author of ' Thc Lady of tie Il-lae,," " Rleo rof and," " Life or Honour,"c. c., 4e. CHAPTER XV. AWAKENINGo. * 'o-morrow. and (o-l-a rroa- , nn-l Gt mot tri, Creeps ia this petlty pice iromt dI3 to dlay, To the lat oyllallo eo reet'etdl title i And nll ear yetoer'lays have ,liaihl al foli The ay to .larty deatb."--Shaiasanta. ErlvnoR r said what a tind anld llttntive hlusband MIr. Clifford w.aa when they heard of Minnih' ilhliss, and how he could hardly be pernta ; ed- to lave her chamber even forrest or food. IIo grew quite thin and haggard, and looked like a man wlh hadl paelC through a soever illness himself. lIe was by hie wife's side at all times, oven though the doctor, aho had known her from a child, gave every hope of hr speedy recovery. " It was a pretty sharp attlak of fevtr, erslinlvy," he told Mr. Grayson, who \wa alll ttot i hldjel lilnsa-lf with anxiety and worry; and in any owher 1p'attt whoso lifo ho did not know so well he ellhoidl at once hIavo Actitdown tosemo unwonatedagilatimi tor sudde:n fright; but in lMrs. Clifford's ease, of c.urse, there could have been nothing of the sort, or they v oalnd have known of it. Mr. (Cliffiord :a-d there was nothing, and they were hounrd to laelieves him sa r. i. Clifford, of coarse, waons at little out of health jIst now, and not very well able to hear an illntsi, bet sheo would pull through this time if nothing untot a :rd happened, &c.;, and then Ihe waent Ihlns:m ld akedl himself how eto dared to tell snch a striag of ilas. "''hereo hlas lhest sometlh:ng," ho s;ed to hillaelf, "and that handsomed t Ithumbug is alraid of lher t el ig it oltt, and no ona ele linowa nlnm l antiagatult it, that's very evident; however, it's no husiness of mino: she'll come ronl and tell it for herseld, or teep her own colnnsl, whiclhever she thlinks proper. lBut thero'll be a grandl explosion there some day, or I never read the signs of this nright, yet, poor girl. I att afraid my old friend did an unwise thing whln hoe bestowed his danughter on this soft-spokenI slranger. I don't, like a matnt with at velvetly voico and gleaming tcath; there are always hidden claws." Whatever dread was on Artlur Clifford at to what his wife might say in hler delirilmt, was ntredlees; she never mentioni d him or anything connected with himt; te seemed to be ais completely out of ler mnind:sl though she had never seen himt; sIe \wast a child again-a girl just homo from school with her father-a grown-up young inly driving with him or to him in hiucarriago-b-ut never Arthur Clifford's wife. No circumstance itn which he figerred seemed to have remained in leremembrance, and he was stung hy it, although he was glal of it just now. It would not do for her to be making inconvenient re velations in this scrtamlling fashion; any direct nc. cusation lie nmight parre, hatt a story told iy bits in the weakness of a fe'er would Ihe a dangeroas thing, and he gave himself no rest till the weary head left off tossing from side to side, and the rest less tongue ceased its bahlling. Miss Esther was of the doctor's oplinion, and firmly believed that there hal been some quarrol between the husband and wife, or eome alarm of which he had been the cause, to protuce Minnie's illness. " lon' tell me," she said, irascibly, when her brother pointed out to her that alinnie's state of health might have had a great deal to do with i; "the mans frih:tnel; that's what makes him l it hel re for hours and walk the house like an uneasv ghost: he's afraid of her telling something, It is fearm, and not love, that is ma:king him wear himself to a shadow. Brother, Ihe is carrying on sotmething underlhanded, and that poor chill has broken down trying to shield him. 'T'hat's what it is." "I hope not," the banker said, with a sigh. Things seemed to 1be going all contrary with them of late. Business and home alike appeared to be all at sixes and sevens: and where the clue to all the tangle lay he could not find out. A glceam of happiness came when the doctor declared that Mrs. Clifford would do well if she were not distnrhbed in the sleep which had followed her delirium ; and he felt as if he could bear anything when his child once more opened her eves with a recognising lool at him, and smiled feebly in answer to his tearful gladness. "Dear papa," she said, and then, with her hand in his, she slept again to wake with her recovery aure if no adverse influence came in the way. "I ave you nothing to say to Arthur, Iny dar ling i' the banker ashed when she roused the second time. and seemled to have no eves nor oears for any one besides her aunt antd himself. "Poor Arthur ! Hto has almost worn himself out with watching and fears for you.i SWhteo is he P' There was no eagerness in the voice that asked the question; no delight in the large lustrous eyes that wore turned to her father's face, as she put her thin cheek against his hand in loving caress. "Here, dear," and Arthur Clifford came forward and bent o or her. " You know me, Minnie, dar ling?i" "Yes, I inow. Of course I have something to say to Arllthr, papa, lat it ,mtust loa alone. No one must hear what I want, to say to may Itust' and." IHer tone was so odd that air. Grayson looked at her in surprise and to oe alarm, thinking she wan worse; lut ehe smiled at him and reasutred him. "I mean it, papa," she said. " Will yoa leave me alone with my hnsband for a minute or two? It isn't much, but it is for blin ar alone, unless----" " Unless whlat, my child! " "Unless he would likeo me to speak before you and anrtie. Perhaps it would be best. T'hetro should be no secreta in families you know ; secrets are bad thlings, nd----" I ier oees were glittering onow. She was getting exocited, and Artltar Clilford tegged ?Itt shI mnighat be humoured. He was very palti and looked anuious and alarmed, which was not wonderful. " I don't suplpose Minmni has really anyth:ng to say to tIo that all the weold might tnot hear," Ih said. " I don't know of anything ; but in her pro. sent wealk state--- " Of course, of course," Mr. Grayson said. " Let heor have her own way. Come, Esther, we will leave 'Arthur to talk to her. You mtstl notb oversxcitl her mind. We shall hold you answerable for it if sho is worse." 1 " I will take all the responsibility and the greatest eroe of her as . wo11," Arthurl Clifford said, anhe closedl tIt door bohind them, and turned to the bedside again. Minnie smiled no woelonam to hitn. allhor love had died at violent death with tlhe peop she had taken into that fatal packet, and her voice was cold as ilhe spoke without tany delay or hesita tion. Ulhap 15 " No, don't touch me," ltho said, as he would ha, o raised her up a little. " f only mwant to speak to you, something auntio said (I know she said it now, thlougll I was not sureo then whletler it was -not part of my wild dreams), told me why yout were so unremitting in your attention to mo; you w?ro frightened; you faired what I mtight say. I ohaov not said it or ooll would not have been htero ly : my side n iw. nly'father antd my auntt would not have spolten toyou as they dtid a nosoment silneo if my unconscious ltongue hadh Ietrayed you." It was on his falo lips to say hI dsid not under stand her, to treat all thlatt had passed on that night an a wild dream. lutt he eould not look into hler eyes anddo it, so he turned away his lhead and said, so:.olwhat sullenly, "aWell Y' "I nwant to tell you thlat I will not betray you this time," selml said lquietly, and wvitllhout any ap. parent emotionl. " But for theirsakles, not yours. I thiitk it would killmy fathler to hnow how he Ihan beo doaroivno.l. Your watlch is over-you are oafo for meo." "I should take care of that," Artlhr Clifford said, sawnvagoly. "iNo man norwoman oithlorovaorplayed tile traitor, \\\lhen I was concerned, with impunity. You had better have left mty private affairs alone, MaoT Cliflord. Yoo have not brotght happiness to your self or comflort to mo by interferg ing wlhat did not conern you. It ill be a warning for tlheo fututre." " Yes, a warning," ashe soaid, wearily. "A warningi and a bitter momoty. Go, leave ouoe now, or I cannot comnmand mynolf, pserhaps, and may tell utoconscioasly what I hlavo promised to lkeep secret wvhilo I have mny senses." "I shan't allow you to talkito her any moro now, Clill'ord," said Mr. Grayson, entering with an annsiousnco. "'JT will he too mtlh for lher--she looklts excaited and tirel. Wa mutst leave her to lar onnntt and the nurse; and como down stairs, will Syou ? I havn something to speak to yot about something that 1 thlink I must got you to mnago for me. You speak French better than I do."' " W'ithl all my heart, sir, whatever it is." They wenat to blr. G(atyson's privato room to. getller, and tho banker toll hls son-in-law of some ibuosiesas to be transacted in IParis, about wbil h it was IIec-utery to senol a trastworthy prtion, lwho coltal speak ,'renhl well and understood the matller it I,..lh al. thbo eamn time.. ' ?iwon'sOot 00 15 tatttiat rao It tllrtt:lgt D Itrago t ?at¢ a-t yhti~nEtB 9_f that eolIt." ho raid. "Oand t don't ...os. 0 twOe can oo It Fo o0 1 no you can. (no of the prinlipanls over yonder isa countrytman spealk a vile dialelt, thIo toll me, and oa h:, in the peren with whlom the hobsine-s will r oally hove to 1 dlone, I know I nlhol lnake a ln es of it, alld itn slake mllel::y mean at good deal of los anld worry for its. \\\W II coo undertltke this for oe ? " " With all my heart, Fir - when ? P "o Il about iL wocrk, t ec ptl. 'ITherle has been another deolh it at the bank, Clifforl." " Ihnded, sir; I ano very .orry to hear it; I lope it is nolhi ,?, onside:rlble. " " `ot in itself; obut coming on the top of otherl: loAoes (I can't, iomaino how :t is we have hlrtoo so unlockoy tot ly in tilly things) it in erioos. ' Eero little make ao mieklr:' the Sootrh proo:toh may, and tlheo ' miknilo' is growing, I can eo l youo. I oo o n ore vexed aboullt the ins( crity and the aollo V. once of the Ihing than tie money iltself, though Ihoo t is get ing eroioon. And the miso'hi,.f of it is tlooht I don't loow whole to look for the culprit. I elieva all tihe yo:ng hauds in the lnak onen honest lads cloullg', and as for the others, they have co vld me too lonl to be slollol to I for a nomonnt." " Of course, sir'; but no no.t heo Ilings aro;'ly dlon froont the outsideo sometimoes? \c o hoar sloho thingsl of the o pernell'ss of London thi.vel; .' " 1 have thonoght till I am tired abol. it," Mr. Gr.:yron said. ";T'hen I woula not tlhink nny more," his oan inu lo w said quietly. "It will collme to ighlt some ,I1ot, doepend Ilupon it. Is there nythllinog otso I can do for you besides this Paris joornooo "' ." " Nothing, I think. Yoll will g?t all your ero. denlials frotm Smithson. t110 lin theO busn:o' inl hanl ; but ho sp1 oks worse Fron'h than l do, and wouoltl get into holpo!ecs dilliecltieo. I dnm't say I sh:tll not (0omo over to Parifs; but I shrll sea Minnie to the searide first with hor' aunt. Sheo will be tbtter with her for a little whilo. I think slho scooo; etr. nelyo' nortoon, poor child." " Ito an hardly be wondered at just now," Arthur Clifford taid, "e ecn if this foror had not. conon upon her. telr nerves ore very ?,lo'y. Sloe will be all right by-and-bye, when - " " When you have roado an old man of me out right, :rond given me a grandchild," the oanokr said. with a half 0igh. Somehow the prospect did n 't neem so del;ghtfol as it had done when he ir. t gave hIls child away, and thought what it wohld bn to dondle a b:lhy of hlis on his knee, and hear the hop" y sound of children's voices ringing Ithrogh the` onhl h1os!'. Miss 1ether looked forward to the event with prid:e and deliht. Aothor Cliffttord retnrded it an another I nk in the clhain that bound him to his falher-ion-l.tw; and Mlinnie was ctraogely silent on the slubject. Shlo was very oilenot on anllost ever0y eoloirt now ; and so o a' lhelic and listless that her alt \was very an e ious about her. "'Thler it nothing the mat'or, naonti dear," dsh said, with a wan smile at her aunt's disturbed face, wh'n i de refused food and Eat listleosly doing nothino.. not vecn noticing her dog or any of her polo. " I shall be all right when we got away, andl when pal a is less worried. I can't hear to cee him looking so old :.nd grey, my dear, handsome paps that uso! ---" She Iroke down and cried so bitlerly that Miss I(roaon was ala:lrrnwd; whereas the toears did h, r goood and rtlicred therheart from some of the weight thalt ermed to press upon it like a heavy hand. " Yoe, 'ear," 31i-a Elther said, soothing her. " You will Ito br'or then. I know thaIt tho bsi ness ics worryolg your father. But whoen this Fren'h mater ettled tin sttle ings w:ll go easier. I g.?ft:hrerd that murch from my brother the other day." She thought she hlad ; her brother did not mako her quite a confidant in all his business troubloo, which wouhl simply have nmade her mis:rable, an'l dole her no mnn'oor of good. She knoow there hado leon losses, but she faniol themo all in the'w:ay of business, and hatl no idea of the trouolles that were white:ning hter 0 rothor's hair and making hirs nioltts s'eceple.s and his days miserable. On two occasins the losses had occurred in utch a strange fashion that it. really seemed to the I anker as if witchcraft muslt hlave been at work. Ile h'ld had occasion to p'Lyoaway two considerable amoulnts, one fromll Itis iri' a:te nccount and tIlhe ot.her ill the way of lusine-s. In bothl instances he badl droawn hllo chequcs himself and olosed llothem to the recipients, and lboth had tur'ned o, t forgetivs. Tlhereal theques had both heen ca-hed within twelve hours and the thieves had got oilf with the tmoony. The forgeries had 1 cen so clever that it was almost iOpossitolo for the banker him self to dlotet, tlhe fra'ol. One of the olltter. It :d gone from the look onod the other fromon inoall ]loes(,: and what sleight-of-hand had been oe'ol to obhtlin alb m no one could find olot. Mr. n:lnaeon had put tie matter into the hands of the poFeo, buht as yet tllon haln made no way in dii eo erlng the perpetrators of the ( rime: anl :'r. : aymon follt like ia man living o or a mine that nmight explode at any timo,. 'l'he anragemonts for Moinnio's going to the sea sido wcero all node. SSlo was to elove the same day thatl her llh?s'and went to franco. Shle roade no p:orado of being indifferent to his movements ; but she was-u-tterly and cnompletely so. Sho aeceptelo his attentions, anod he was very attentive now. It was no part of his plans to lot the world think hto neglected his wife : ond Itiss Grayson was rnather vcandalized that sho treatedhim with such indif fnrell e. " ' low you do snub Arthur now," she said to her nieco one day. But Minnie answered nevera word, ad tohe elder lady sighed it little sigh, and s aid, " .\lh, well, I suppose it will all cone right when tlion oabty comes. You will be btller then, and so haplpy." " Ilappy ! " Sho looked up in surprise at the tone of lIinnio's voice.n an' wa0 almost scaled at the expression on her pretty faoce: it was something very like hatrol. " llaply ! " Itinnie ropoated. "Auntie, the only wish I have alout my child, is that I may never sos its fa:e 1alit. l)oa't talk to me about it; don't think of it. I pray night and day that it may never opeinc itesv on thlis wicked world--nver live to call 001" mnotholr.'" 0' Pear, dear," Miss Esther said, soothingly. "'l'hi& is very bad. It is timo we went to the soa vi:le, I think. I won'trey another word, my dear, if co don't liloke it. out you will soon be bolter anoL fool quite differently, I am sure of that: and I won't tell her father," she added to herself heroi rally, for shel would have liked to lohae taken this new' troo al to him, good lady, and t:lked it over with him. " She is full of fancies, poor child, just now, and I am sure there is somethoing wrong betweon her and Arthur, for all he is so civil. Ahi, me, I wish we had not bcen in anch a hurry. or that Fol haldn' t, poor darling; bhout it is too late now." 'hatp 15 It was ton lato; nothing could undo the Inis hloif that h d beeoon dono ; nothing could gine .\ innio 1 ncl her halppy girlhood or her beliot in the good neso of thie man: oo hlad clhosen ngaoinst her fatheroa jodgment. Sheo told hercelf no tait tlo gtl:oour had poassed o\er, and she saw things in their prooper light. She was c?nriously at place inl thooknowlcdi g that Arthur would he away for a few days, polethal' longer. It was terriblo to her to endarol his presence now that she was so weako and ill. Whoe slo was owell again her foeelings wouobl lo bluoltcd a. little, perhaps, and she would loearn tlo look opon things with the same indilference as Ihe did, and the dreadcful ecrot tlhant Was weighling her down might be easier to bhear, and they might bhe 0happy in their own way once again. " 1 will say good-bye to Arthur hero, plonaso, papa," sho saidto her father, who callted out to her that her husbanud cwas going, and would not return to KIinnooll touso, 'as he was going to Dover by tida:l train that evening. "I want to oplak to him ; tell himn to onm helore, please." " She is lazy," Mr. Grayson said to his son- in law; "go and make your adinux in your own room." "I hlad nothing to say," tinnio said to Arllhr ClilTord when he prcscented himself; "it woa only that I would not let papa sco tlhat our hands can never meet in loveo or friendship again. No, do not touch me, please," as hle would have stooped over her and kissodl her. " I know you now-know all your horrible motives in marrying me and deceiving tho kindest heart that over beat. Tihe truth inmut come out nome day. Papa was Eaying only lint night that theo police have a clue, and when it does -ahi! 1 cannot hoar to think of what may happen when it does. But till then wo need not mniako hini moro unhappy than is necessary. It would break his heart If ho thought 1 was miserable. Good. bye." " You say good-byo as if you wished it wam to hn for oever, Minnio." "Don't niko me say it," sho replied. " Go, aiind let me forgot for a little while, if I can, what nm> lovo for you has brought nme." And this was their farewell, and in a very fow minutes Arthur Clifford was being driven to the station to lake the train for the first stage of the journey that was to lead hiim-whithtn ? CIIAl'TElI XVI. 'nI ND I) t'F TiHE JOOuiNEY. 'AU waS enacd--r. The Iho~o and the fer and the Forrow. All tho neene of hnart, the rstles, uusaw m fird longing. All the 'dull deep pa'n, ad conutont auguishlof patiPeece." \--Lotnglelwe. PArt' GOA?.ao went to the bank after his Eon-in law's departure with a strange sense of uneasiness upon him. There was nothing special to call it forth. It was a little reaction; doubtless ihe had been overtaxed of aIto, and now that Minnic was better and all present apprehension on her behalf had ceased, he felt how terrible the strain had been. "I am afraid you are ill, sir," his confidential manager said to hinm as he waited on him in the cosy hlank parlour, whero Minnio had perched hoereclf on his knee on that memorable day when she had t:rst so n Arthur Clifford. Somehowlsince the advent of his son-in-law tMr. Grayson had not been so acces sible to his poceple as ho had oeen before. They could nono of them tell exactly what it was; nothing had beon'disturbohl. Mr. Grahame, the gentleman who was speaking to him now, had had no ocrap of his authority or position taken away .rcm him, and yet lhe felt himeolf suporeeded as it were by the nlashing stranger. Tho clercks felt, too, that that was a somebody between them and their indulgent chief to whom it always had been possible to go with their difficulties, and from whom they had been always sure of help and encouragement if they do nerved it. There was no ostensible difference about the place; hut thov could feel it. Mr. Grayson did notcome so freqtuently for one thing, atrd when he did he was preocupied, and not halfso genial as lhe used to be. "No, I don'tthinlk I am ill, Grahamo," the banler replied. " I am feeling how much I have been worried of late-tlhat is all." "And I am afraid I have morn worry for you this morning," iMr. Grahamo said. " here is more of this work going on. You sent Barton brothers a cheque on Flriday, did you not?" Yea." " It haes been doubled as before." " Aye ?" " YTe, and I have not waitled for your coming to give information about it. I tlhoght it better to do that without oven wiring to you calout it. Belier will be here in about all hour to see you." " Thlank you, Grahame: there will e an endl of it all some day, I suppose," said thle eantker wearily, and the manager stared at hlim in seerprise. "I am sure you are ill, -ir,"t heo aid in alarm. "Pray let me get you something." " Yes; a glass of wine, quickc!" The hanker gasped, for tles room was loginning to reel round wilth hime Ilo was not well, and his s rcen;th was giving wasy, and his manager's swerdls had given him a cher that Ilrai comne upon hi like a tultmiier clap. IHe saw it all now. lIe knew eca. tly wiher.o he hlad I en when le nmadle out that cheque. \\\ho had seen it and spoken of it ? And he turnedl sick nd faiint at the rememnl ranee. air. Girahame boaght him a glass of wine, and he sipped it, and the colour caetme Iback to his lips, and Ilia light to his eyes, and he smiled--a sad, weary smile at his scared manager. "Dint hint out there how easily I was over. ocme by a trii'e.' he saidl with :ni inelioation of his lead to' ealds the hlenk door. " I ran about done up I fancy. I have Ihld wearoir time of it at lhomeo tlcn i have even heen sware of myself I suspect. I thought I shoul, lose my girl you tknow." " Yes I know. I trullt firs. Clifford is quito her self again." "Not quie. B]et she is almost well now. I ue going to send her to Ihe sea to-morrow. I et. me see I'ltelr n'one when le coRes, will you ? No Esere-l from you, of CoaseT ; Only if we neelco a consulteatiol of it, we shall set every one of the ycning fell-ow talking and--" " a f coieere, of course,' fMr. Grahalitmo Elaid. "I wi s nild him in to vyo iat on e. An tosoelting the ounug ones talking, thley want nothing to set them ;I ng lhit. They care full of the willest specula ti ,,s :ouet tIlis hbusiness that ran possibly te iw-gicnd. It hasl bee-n impossible to keepita It ecret fem?em them, for ono or two peopl?le have oimo in and talked before the ceunters al-out it." '" Yes we can't hide it.. but we must stop it someo how. FSnd Belter in when hle comes, will you, and till thIn don't let me be disturel d unloes you wantt nsevulr".rlf, I hvoe one or two scry implllorlant ; attersto acttend to. I lhav betn lhamofully in at:cutiveof la P. Alh, thanke yeo," as the marenger pult c scroeen across thee rnoom tlcht ll'otfally hid the teleo. even if the door was openo I suddenly. " Find n c the loller from tCrphill and Co. before you go, will you " STh'le itter w -s found and laid before him, but the mnlker did not want it. It w.es only it lblind. Ie wa.nted to leo seceure roam all eyes. To cover his faro with his im ils and groan aloud in the misery that had come upon hie n what was to be done ? Slhow ol I l he shame his child, and e make his homle deeoldle Icy puillishingto the world that her hust and was a forger andi a thioe. IlHow could he confess his or ni stt.pi itye i1ing taken in by such a Iplausible - anld yvi .I'tleur Cli:,ord was his father's son, and he could not believo that lthe son of aue h a enmie a oulid le altogether depraved. hel must lave beeon lo away lie Iho:ght of the laudatory letter Mr. Ilathawa;y lhal sent from Jamuaieea, and how warmly he ha I splOl, n of his protege. No, it must he that Atthurhad fallen into evil companey. 'Who were the people that Minnie had spokou of to whom the would not introduce her ? 'I hat was it. And if that ses it, that might be mended. It.slould all bo ilu-lIed up. " Arthur will confide in me," he said to himself as hl eat there, thinking after the lirst burst of sor row and surprise. " lie must have genambled, and yet lie has never been away for any timo fro-n his wife only the few evenings tlhat I have known of, just lbefore she was ill. \\\lhon leo comes lear:l, I will try and reason with him, and in the meantimoe, if the police hae not actually discovered anything I will hush it, up." "Mr. Boleter, sir." Thle announcement brokeo in on his roeolie, and the olfficer eontered--a oen-onyed, resoluto-looting man, in plain clothes, used to conferring with all sorts of people on allmanner of hlsiness. Ile doffed his hat as he entered, with a sort of self-assertion, as if the courtesy wore not one which lho would pay to all men, and answered Paul Graysotn's greeting uith a curt " Good morning, sir," settling hlimself in thle eh:air indicated to him by the banker in a business-like fashion. 'That was part of his brisk anrd somewhat abrupt manner. " W\\\ell:' the bannler said, interrogativelr. " I thlinl it is w ll lat last," air. fIelter replied. " Il have watched and waited, but I thlink I hauv ront ite ae. last." "Got the forger?" " IIardly that, Mr. Grayson. But I sholl havo. I have had dust thrown in my eyes, somehow, for I was led by a lot of trivial circumstances to believo ccrtalin people were out of England. They tiro as clever a gang as I over had to deal with." "They! Then you don't think these forgeries nre the work of one hand ?" "The actual writing is; and a clever hand he is, too. I rmo very omch nis a' on if I hare not had him tbhrouh nmy hands before." "'Then yo t have not caught him ?" "I hie not caught any one yet, Mr. Grayson," the deto. Live said, with rr smile. "The trap is sot though, and thne bIids won't esoape; I want the mover of it alli: the bird that flies the highest, and I think I shall crtt.h him yet, with your help I--" ,'eoa in," IMr. (iraysor. uttered the words in answer to a knock a:t the door, and the bank messenger entero with a telegram. SiMr. Grahame said I bad better bring it in, sir," he said. "It is foreign." " aicuso R e a momentt" the l asker said, rs the messenger left the room, and Bolltr nodded, to stat t from his seat a moment after and spring to I r. Grayson's side. "Shall I call some one, sir ?" he auked, alarmed at the pallor that crept over his face. " Yes; Mr. Grahamo, if you please, and weo must put offil our business for the prceont. You have my full authority to go on with it as best you ~nm. But I have terrible news here. MIy son-inrlaw is killed. I shall have to go at once, lnd--- .Ah! hero is Mr. Grahamo; he will talk to you, llolter, if you will wait a few minute,." "1'll call again in an hour, sir," Blelter said, as he went ot with i curious loole on his face and ewiped his foreh, art when he got into thei street, with ri dis appointed air. "LDead! ch " hl muttered. "Killed. I must wail anrl hear how. Belter, my boy, if it is true, you are out of luck. The bird has slipped through your lingers after all." lie waited till he saw lir. Grayson driven away in Lis carringe with the blinds down that nlo oner mi ht see his agitated face, and than ho re-entered the hunkl and hd a talk with the manager, who Bshrwed tlim the telegram. " I suppose it is true," he said; and Mr. Grahame neaured him that the messago came from some one they know well-the manager of the house in Paris whlich transacted all their business. It was certainly explicit ernorlgh. " Ilolovatrd lranssman, Paris. I Toon icholot to l'Paul t Irveon, I obrlard-atreet, London " Btil ra ilway accident close to Asnior:s. Como at once. Mons. Cliffordt illed." 'ihat was all, buat it told its tale. There could be no e:slt ho. The man who sent it know Arthur Cliord well, and the detective turned it over and over with a puzzled faeo. "I should lil:o to bio st e,' ]he said to himself; "I think I must go to 1-':ris, too." lie went 1 ack to his lodgings and male some nece-nary preparations, and colnfered with a trusty coadjutt r on the l usincss on hand, and then e:ti-lied himself of tlhe nearest and quic;cst way of gclting to 1'aris, so that when Mr. GCrason, palo and travel-t:rcd, stood beside all tlutt remnained of his son-in-law, hise eye met those of the detectilo, who was sltanding opposite to him. "You here? " the banker maid. "*Yea." "Are you satisfied ?" " Ye3; it ie better so-for you, for me." "It can io lmade up to !/,t ; for myself I thank heaven," Mr. Grayson said quietly, as the detec tive turned away, and other people came rup to give orders and to identify their dead. The accident had been ia terrible one. There were many English people in the train, and IM;nnie's father was by no means the only mouener who lhal hurried anro's the Channel and through tihe smilicng country beyond to claim some b1attered corpse, or to remooe some maimed anddieab!cd friend. No tro knew quite whalt caused the accident. I oees any one ever know P The train going at full speed had dashel into something on the line, a loose box lf't there by rome mishap of uncoupling cr breakage, and not seen till it was too late, sin engine off the mils, and its train following it and rolling down an embankm, nt to stop only in a smash of ruin and declh at the bottom of the daisy-coverel slope. ThIre was no one left alive to tell the tile wlho coull Ilave thrown any light on the matter. 'The ldivcr andI hIs sto'cer were both buried in Indis ticgauish.tlerhor rcamidst the wrecl of their engine, and the guard, who hal bo~ in thrown vio'entll about in hiis van, was lying irnsesible, and hardly expect-d to recover from his injurics. ltoctors werJ there in plcnty, and help of all torts and hospitality unbounded from those in the neighbourhood of the piretty little villsgo. uhtt nothing could give back the dead or heal the living at prescnt. and Asnicrys was given over to lamenta tion and suffering. And 3lincie at Kinnoull Ilouso know nothing as yp t, only that her father had conreo back from the bankl; in a hurry, and told her aunt that he had to go to lPari too, and had hardly time to catch the train. 8lue had Ileon lying down when he a:rived, and hiad no ildea tlclit he feared to see her lest lie should Iclracy whalt he cwanted to keep a sec.ret for a little while-at least till he was quite sure litero might be some mistake. " Thalnk heaven the child is out of the way" were ahnost his first words to his frightened sister, who saw at a glnco that something was the matter. "Esther, dear, can you be brave and keep a secret from lier till I send you further tidings P" "1 will try what is it?" Stile is dead. I have had a messago; they wired me from Paris. I am going over to see; heaven - forgive me that I can only say in my heart--thank Goid " Paul!" " Aye, dlear, I am not mad; I will toll you sell alout it when I get back. Esther, there was misery coming for all of us no deep and bitter that death would have been easier to bear ; if this is true it is cnded. Blreak it to Miinnie when I waro you; it is a lhard task to set you, but it will I o the last that we shall eover have as far as he is con cernod." lie had never once mentioned Arthur C ifford's nameno, but his sister know right well whom lihe meanut wheiln he said " he." And somehow with the thoulsght that she would never see the handsome face again, with its crown of golden hair and its bright smile, there camee a sense of relief that she could hardly understand, and for which she took herself to lasck severely. " Dead !" sheo gasped out to herself, as she crept upstairs. " Gone, and we shall never see him ag.in ; but pehsaps it's better so. Alt, it may not b,- true, so many mistakes are made after accidents; an I I uppliOse it was an iccident. I must keep the ipapers from the child. No, I am not ill, IMary," as one of the servants stopped in front of her, scared at her pale face and hollow eyes. "At least, I have o holadac-he, and I am going to my own room for a little while. Will you toll them to let Mlre. Clifford know when she wakesl ? She is asleep now." The'lo gi went downstairs, thinking to herself that she lhad never seen a headache produce such an effect on any one as Miss Esther's was bringing about for her. It must be very bad she thought, and she told the conclave in the Idtchen that she was sure there was something wrong, for Iliss Esther had been talking to herself on the stairs like any thing, and ;as gone into her room lookling like a gho-t. "There's been something wrong in this house for over so long,' the cook said oracularly; "and there'll lie such an explesion soon ias never was. It's all along of Mr. Clifford, I can toll that. I know what he does with himself of a night when lhe stops out so late. No, you needn't snigger like tlit, lary Jones; it isn't sany girl ho's arter. He's mixed up with a bad lot, that he is; a lot that my brother's watching, and they'll have them some Coolk's 1-rother was in the police-a real relative, and not one produced whenever occasion offsered and cold mrat was plentiful; and she professed to know a great deal in consequence. linnio's bhell rang at this juncture, and stopped the conclave, and the girl who had been bidden told her her aunt was lying down with a headache. Two minutes later Mtinnio was standing beside her. " hy, auntio dear," she said; "I thought I had a monopoly of all the headaches in this house, and all the other ailments besides. You do look white, dear. You have been attending to me and w.,iting on me, and 1 have been sellish, and worn you out. PNo, ou shan't stir," she added, as Miss Grayson would hatre risenc; "you shall just lie still and let me bathe your poor forehead. And now, tell n o this minute where papa is gone. I heard him, and thought he had come home, and behold, he drove -away again directly." " le tll d me not to disturb iou, dear. le cacme to say lie hd to go to Paris, too. It seems his presensc was necessary. Really, my head was so bud that I'm afraid I didn't "listen to him very tlenlivrelh. Ilo will wire us directly he gets there, and i o back as soon as possible." MIinnie was satisfied. Her father had often gone, away in a hurry like that, and she thought nothing of it; and she sat down beside her aunt's bed, angry with herself for the feeling of relief that was over everything now tlhat she wts alone. '1 lie morning broughtsomoroliefto IMiss Gryvson's head. Hhe was strong-minded enough where other people were conernced; butit brought the promised messuage also, luclkily before Minnie was downstairs. She ihad takon to terribly lazy habits since her illne i, she told herself; but she was really weak, and unable for much exertion. " I aul Grayson, Paris, to Esther Grayson, Kin noull House, T'eddington.-It is true every word. L.etter by post-brealk the news-railhay acci dent.'" T'l last two words wore added in audden roe. mcmblunce that hle had not told his sister how Althur Clifflord had been killed, and Miss Grayson hli-tily looked over the newspapers that lay on the table au] removed thembefore Minnioi should come down. She did not care much for the morning papers, Eas a rule; sometimes she never looked into lthem at all, and she would not miss them. ,ike moos young ladiesn, alto liked the gossip of thle sosiety parpers; but she had not the morbid tasto thlst lookls oat for murders, and accidents, and all the hIunors of the day. Ic due course cameo the letter; there was not much to tell. m1 nn very weary, Esther," Paul Grayson wrote. "I hare seen what I crme to identify, and the sight will remain by me till I die, I think. You will undnerstaind whon I toll you that there was nothing loft to teoll me which had been my son-in-law out of three poorcorlpses that I looked at, except the ring on his finger-theo one I gave him-and the watch in his pocket. Tho wsatch was broken and bent, but I I, now it at once, and the rino, of course, I could ide ntify. It was twisted completely round, and the finger it was on was scarred and scratched; but it was enough. Wo bury him to-day, and I shall seart for home directly after the ceremony. Do 'wlhat you can for our poor child; it will be an uwiul blow for her, but heaven's merry shinea through t all, aos you will understand when I come back." (To be continued.) A Monlono with a plurality of lean wives opea:ks of then: as his "spare rib'." 'T'Iun tailors of America have meot in conven tion at 'Philadelplhia. We presume they met to discuss mllaslres, not imen. " 1 I N'T like that oat; it's got splinters in its feet," was the excuse of a four-year-old for throwillg Lthe ittOen do ell the area. A MANr has invented a ohair that can be adjusted to eight hundred dillferent positions. It is desicgned for a boy to sit in w he coes to church. 