SEVEN RULES FOR DAILY LIVING. BY REV. T. B. MEYER, B.A. (Reprinted by Request.) These brief and simple words are intended for many earnest Christians who are dissatisfied with their present life, and long to enter that more blessed state of rest and peace, of which they catch occasional glimpses; as white- plumaged seabirds flash for a moment, far away over the breakers, and then are lost to sight. The visit of Messrs. Stanley Smith and Studd to Melbourne Hall will always mark an epoch in my own life. Before then, my Christian life had been spasmodic and fitful; now flaming up with enthusiasm, and then pacing weariedly over leagues of grey ashes and cold cinders. I saw that these young men had something which I had not, but which was within them a constant Bource of rest and strength and joy. And never shall I forget a scene at 7 a.m., in the grey November morning, as day-light was flickering into the bedroom, paling the guttered candles, which from a very early hour had been lighting up the page of scripture, and revealing the figures of the devoted Bible- students, who wore the old cricketing or boating costumes of earlier days, to render them less sensible of the raw, damp climate. The talk we held then was one of the formative influences of my life. Why should I not do what they had done ? Why should I not yield my whole nature to God, working out day by day that which He would will and work within 1 Why Bhould not I be a vessel, though only of earthen-ware, meet for the Master's use, because purged and sanctified ? There was nothing new in what they told me. They said, that " A man must not only believe in Christ for final salvation, but must trust Him for victory over every sin, and for deliverance from every care." They said, that " The Lord Jesus was willing to abide in the heart which was wholly yielded up to Him." They said, that " If there were some things in our lives that made it difficult for us to surrender our whole nature to Christ, yet if we were willing to be made willing to surrender them, He would make us not only willing but glad." They said, that " Directly we give or attempt to give ourselves to Him, He takes us." All this was simple enough. I could have said it myself. But they urged mo to take the definite step ; and I shall be for ever thankful that they did. And if, in a distant country, they should read this page, let them be encouraged to learn that one heart at least has been touched with a new fire, and that one voice is raised in prayer for their increase in the knowledge and love of Him, who has become more real to the suppliant, because of their brotherly words. Very memorable was the night when I came to close-quarters with God. The Angel that wrestled with Jacob had found me, eager to make me a Prince. There were things in my heart and life which I felt were questionable, if not worse ; I knew that God had a controversy with respect to them ; I saw that ray very dislike to probe or touch them was a clear indication that there was mischief lurking beneath. It is the diseased joint that shrinks from the touch, the tender eye that shudders at the light. At the Bame time I did not feel willing to give these things up. It was a long struggle. At last I said feebly, " Lord, I am willing to be made willing; I am desirous that Thy will should be done in me and through me, as thoroughly as it is done in heaven ; come and take me and break me and make me." That was the hour of crisis, and when it had passed I felt able at once to add, " And now I give myself to Thee, body, soul, and spirit; in sorrow or in joy ; in the dark or in the light; in life or in death, to be Thine only, wholly, and for ever. Blake the most of me that can be made for Thy glory." No rapture or rush of joy came to assure me that the gift was accepted. I left the place with almost a heavy heart. I simply assured myself that He must have taken that which I had given, and at the moment of my giving it. And to that belief I clung in all the days that followed, constantly repeating to myself the words, " I am His." And thus at last the joy and rest entered, and victory, and freedom from burdening care, and I found that He was moulding my will and making it easy to do what I had thought impossible ; and I felt that He was leading me into the paths of righteousness for His name's sake, but so gently as to be almost imperceptible to my weak sight. Now out of my own experience I would suggest these Seven Rules to my fellow Christians. 1 .—Make a Definite Consecration of Yourselves to God.—Dr. Doddridge has left in hia diary a very beautiful form of self-consecration. But you need not wait for anything so elaborate or minute aB that. With most it would be sufficient to write out MiBB Havergal's hymn, "Take my life and let it be," etc., and to sign their names at the foot. But in any case it is well to write down some record of the act, to keep for future reference. Of course when we have really given ourselves once, we can- : not give ourselves a second time. We may rene w ! the consecration vows, we may review the deed of gift, we may insert any new clauses we like. And if we have gone astray, we may ask the Lord to forgive the foul wrong and robbery which we have ' done Him, and to restore our souls into the position from which we have fallen. Oh how sweet the ' promise, " He restoretli my soul." Dear Christian i reader, seek some quiet spot, some still hour, and | yield yourself to God. J 2.—Tell God that you are Willing to be made : Willing about All —A lady was once in great difli- 1 culties a'loufc certain things which she felt eager to keep under her own control. Her friend, wishful to press her into the better lifj of consecration, ' placed before her a blank sheet of paper, and pressed her to write her name at the foot, and then to lay it before <>od in prayer. Hie did so and at once entered this blessed "life. Aro you willing to do this] Are von pivpuvd to tign your name to a blank sheet of paper and then hand it over to God, 1 for Him to fill in as Ho. please I If not, ask Him ' to inaku } on wil'ing and able to do this and all . things else. You nev-'i- will be happy until you let the Lord Jesus ktop the house of your nature, closely scrutinising every visitor and admitting only His friends. He must reign. He must have all or none. He must have the key of every closet, of every cupboard, and of every room. Do not try to make them fit for Him. Simply give Him the key. And He will cleanse and renovate and make beautiful. 3.—Reckon on Christ to do His Fart Perfectly.— Directly you give, He takes. Directly you will open the door, He enters. Directly you will roll back the flood-gates, He pours in a glorious tide of fulness : fulness of wealth, of power, of joy. The clay has only to be plastic to the hand of a Palissey. The marble has only to be pliant to the chisel of a Michael Angelo. The organ has only to be responsive to the slightest touch of a Handel. The student has only to follow the least hint of a Faraday or a Whewell. And there will be no failure in results. Oh to be equally susceptible to the moulding influences of Christ. We shall not fail of realising the highest ideal of which we are capable, if only we will let Him do Hia work unhindered. 4.—Confess Sin Instantly.—If you allow acid to drop and remain on your steel fenders it will corrode them; and if you allow sin to remain on your hearts unconfessed, it will eat out all peace and rest. Do not wait for the evening to come, or until you can get alone, but there in the midst of the crowd, in the very rush of life, with the footprints of sin still fresh, lift up your heart to your merciful and ever-preBent Saviour, and say, "Lord Jesus, wash me now from that sin, in Thy precious blood, and I shall be whiter than snow." The blood of Jesus is ever at work, cleansing us from unconscious sin ; but it is our part to apply for it to cleanse from conscious and known sins so soon as wo are aware of their presenca in our lives. 5 . Hand over to Christ every Temptation and Care.—When you feel temptation approaching you, as the bird, by some quick instinct, is aware that the hawk is hovering near, then instantly lift up your heart to Christ for deliverance. He cannot rebuff or fail you. " He will gather you under His feathers, and under His wings Bhall you trust." And when any petty annoyance or heavier worry threatens to mar your peace, in the flaBh of a moment, hand it over to Jesus, saying, " Lord, I am oppressed, undertake this for me." Ah ! you sigh, I wish indeed I could live like this, but in the moment of need I forget to look. Then do this. Trust in Christ to keep you trusting. Look to Him so to abide in you as to keep you abiding. In the early morning entrust to Him the keeping of your soul, and then as hour succeeds to hour, expect Him to keep that which you have committed unto Him. 6.—Keep in Touch with Christ.—Avoid the spirit of fault-finding, criticism, uncharitableness, and anything inconsistent with His perfect love. Go where He is most likely to be found, either where two or three of His children are gathered, or where the lost sheep is straying. Ask Him to wake you morning by morning for communion and Biblestu4y- Make other times in the day, especially in the still hour of evening twilight, between the work of the day and the avocations of the evening, when you shall get alone with Him, telling Him all things, and reviewing the past under the gentle light, which streams from Hia eyes. 7.—Expect the Soly Ghost to Work in, with, and for you.— When a man is right with God, God will freely use him. There will rise up within him impulses, inspirations, strong strivings, strange resolves. These must be tested by scripture and prayer, and if evidently of God they must be obeyed. But there is this perennial source of comfort. God's commands are enablings. He will never give us a work to do without showing exactly how and when to do it, and giving us the precise strength and wisdom we need. Do not dread to enter this life because you fear that God will ask you to do something you cannot do. He will never do that. If he lays aught on your heart He will do so irresistibly, and as you pray about it the impression will continue to grow, and presently, as you look up to know what He wills you to say or do, the way suddenly will open, and you will probably have said the word, or done the deed, almost unconsciously. Rely on the Holy Ghost to go before you, to make the crooked places straight and the rough places smooth. Do not bring the legal spirit of "must" into God's free service. " Consider the lilies of the field, how they groiv." Let your life be as effortless as theirs, because your faith shall constantly hand over all difficulties and responsibilities to your ever-present Lord. There is no effort to the branch in putting forth the swelling clusters of grapes ; the effort would be to keep them back. There may be failures in this life, but they will arise on the human side, not the Divine. Well will it be if we can instantly discover the cause of failure, and confess it, and seek restoration to the old peace and joy. After all, the sheep does not keep the shepherd. The shepherd keeps the sheep, and feeds it, and leads it, and makea it to lie down. What then may we not expect from our Good Shepherd ; and who can paint the verdure of the green pastures, or the crystal beauty of those unfailing springs, to which He will lead the docile and trustful spirit! Be that spirit thine, dear reader, and mine. 