Why She. Wanted a Kiss. | " Kiss me again." Sibyl Sartorious spoke these words in a grave calm manner that betokened the seri- ous import in which she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to him ia the sly, cat-on-the-back-fence fashion, that had bo witched him in the golden-huod days of courtship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of this girl, and her every act was the result of refieotion, often profound. Brought up in Boston, Bhe had all her life been accus- tomed to put to ita best use the power of dis- cernment which a thoughtful mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by the mystio in- fluences of Emerson, the Concord School ot Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of womanhood, she beheld suitors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hope and fears of each-had subjected to the' character of every wooer to the right scrutiny of a mind that, seated cross-legged on the starry summit of psycho- logical research, looked upon a man as only vivified protoplasm, and the deepest emo- tions of the heart as morely the manifesta- tions of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave his job without a pang, hod naught of passion in her nature. And bo when he had complied-oh, so gladly -with her request, there stalks from out the banquet hall of his imagination where they hod so long been unwelcome gueBts, the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehension. He knew now that Sibyl lored him with a love that would never falter or fail-a love that, securely built upon a foundation of respect and admiration, and was now crown- ed with the large, roomy, mansard roof of a deathless, never- changing passion. Her words proved it. Never before hod she even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when he had sought to take one she had submitted to his caress moro as a dutiful than an ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was she who sought the bliss that a large, well-regulated thr«e-story-and-basementkiss alone can give. The thought was ecstasy. " You love mo better today, Sibyl," he said, " than you did yesterday. Is it not so, darling ?" " No," Bhe answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at high tide. " Then why," he Bays, " did you osk me to kiss you ?" " Because," Sibyl replies, " I desired to as- certain whether or not you had been drink- ing rum." 