TABLE AU I. All daylong I had had s dull foreboding ol eome impending evil. Alone in the cottage, military cloak, whioh I wore summer and winter, and a deep reverie which never left me. I had been thinking of the past. Theptst! Oh, the ghosts that rose from the great churchyard of my long ago! Ghosts young and old. ghosts of' men and ghosts of women, and high over them all towered the ghost I dreaded more than all—the ghost of myself. The clock Btruck twelve. With a mighty effort I rose from my chair, and, waving back, with an imperious gesture, the spectres of the past, I went to the larder, brought out the bread and cheese and a dish of spring onions, and sat down to my solitary meal. At that moment my attention was arrested by the sound ol a footstep on the gravel path. It was the footstep of a man. I-coee, opened the door, and, holding the aandleblgh above me to ehield it from tha wind, I exclaimed, " Qui va la.'" It was an old watchword of mine, familiar on my lips in happier days amid Crimean enowfl and the rocky passes of far-off Afghanistan. The words came back that night like the long forgotten echo of a childish dream. I knew not why I said them. The past had haunted me. I was living, speaking in the past. "Qui valal" Again I challenged the footstep, and waited for the footstep to reply. At that moment a heavy past of wind swept np the valley, and, ere I could savelt, the light I beld above me was extinguished'. " Qui va la 1" The storm by this time had gathered fury, there was a lond clap of thunder, followed by a vivid flash of lightning. In that sudden and natural illumination T could see the surrounding country distinctly. At my gate, drenched to the skin, was a horse. At my door, within arm's length of me, lay a policeman, with a 6word by his side, and spore on his boots. He had not replied to my challenge. Why ? Because he lay there at my feet insensible, incapable of speech. He had swooned I Gently I lifted him from the ground and carried him indoorB. The lurid glare of the dying embers fell full upon his face and form. I started in astonishment 1 The man was (he living imase of myself. We conld have passed for t'vin brothers. Afi" I gazed at him with staring o.yes for a moment, I fancied that I Issd suddenly risen from a dream, and was looking at myself in a glass. But I hadn't a helinct on, and a uniform, and a sword. It was no hallucination. I pinched the buttons on his uniform ; they were real. Presently the man opened his eyes and gazed wildly around; then he opened his lips and groaned. I loosened his collar and removed his helmet. Instantly I discovered the clue to the mystery. He had fallen from his horse in a sudden attack of vertigo, and bad injured his head. He had crawled to my cottage for assistance. I felt his pulse, and looked Bt his tongue, and I knew at OUCB that be was about to be deliri&is.; There were all the symptoms of brain fever. My bedroom was next to the'sitting-room : with little difficulty I carried him thither, undressed him carefully, and put him in my bed. Best and quiet was all that he needed to assist his recovery. While I was musing as to my future oonduot in the matter I heard a neigh. It was the horse. At the same instant my eyes fell upon the helmet and uniform. A sadden idea seized upon me. I glanced at the Bleeping form in my bed. It was I. Instantly I slipped off my own clothes and placed them in the chair by the bed. Then I put on the uniform and helmet. Again I looked in the glass. I was hel We were both each other. No one could tell us apart. It was a chance. Should I Jake it? Yes 1 I wanted to begin the world anew. I wanted to cease to be myself, and be some one else. In ceasing to be myself, I should loose the sorrows that were mine. Yes, I would be someone else. I put on tbe helmet; I buckled on the sword; I put a jug of barley-water and a puree of sold by tbe bedside of the delirious man, and then I went down the garden path and leaped upon the horFe. The change was complete. The delirious man in my bed was the Hon. Tom. Montressor, and I was No. 307 of the Z Beserve, a mounted patrol I I had resolved. I dug my spurs into my horse, and galloped forward into the night. I had commenced a new life! TABLEAU II. It was a bright, fresh morning. Of course every new morning muEi bs a fresh one, but this was fresher than usual. All ni^ht I had ridden bard along tha country lanes, my sword clanking by ray side. Tbe exercise did me pood, but by eight a.m. I was tired, and wanted my breakfast. I wondered what on earth I shonld do. Of course, a mounted patrol must go home in the morning, if he liai been on duty all night. His horse wo'iM? want to bs fed and put in the stable. B'it where was the stable? Suddenly the idea occurred to me that the horse would know, so I let the reins lie npon his neck, and paid "Clk." The sagacious animal instumly turned round, and trotted off at a brisk pics. In half an hour we arrived at onr quartos. There could b? no mistake about it, for the animal went straight into the stables with me on his bacV. An inspector was in the yard. He oame across to me, and exclaimed : " Now, Jarvis, what does thiB mean ? You're thre hours late. What have you to report?" My name was Jarvis. I had learnt that much, at any rate. I invented an excuse at once, for I was determined to keep np the character, if I conld. I eaid that I had been chasing a man who I believed had committed a burglary. but that he bad escaped into the forest, and I had been riding about, looking tor him. I taew I bad a right to be on the forest beat because the real patrol bad fallen outside my cottage, and he mast have been there on to my horse, and then went into the station. I wanted to find cot where I lived. "Hullob. Jarvis 1" said a constable in the station. " Yon're late. Going home now?" "Yes." I said. "I'm tired; I shall turn in now." "AU riabt, old ohap, I'm going past yonr place. We'll go together." I was delighted. I should know where I lived now. Wc went out together; my companion lit a pipe; I felt in Jar vis's pockets, and found there was a pipe and some tobacco there, so I smoked too. Pressentlv we came to a pretty, little cottage, and my companion said, " Good morning, old eh P.P." I felt that I was at home, and tmned in at the gate. He came back. " Oh, by-the bye. old fellow, my HUBBUB says that she will corse to your wedding. She's been thinking it over, and she's going to let bygones be hyeones." I was taken aback far s moment, bat I recovered myself .dircctly, and graBped bis band. "Thank yon, old fellow," I stammered, it's very good of her to say eo." . Then I went nn the gravel path, and pushed the cottage door open. Everyone took me for Jarvis, and I was engaged to be married. I wondered what my sweetheart was like. I wasn't left long in doubt. As I opened the cottage door a dark, rnstia beaptv ran to moot ™» - - • • " Oh, Jack, dear Jack 1" she exclaimed, " father and I were getting BO fidpety about you; we thought something had happened to yon; come alone, yonr breakfast's been waitthis hour tor you." I took in the situation at a glance. I lodged with father, and this was the daughter, and she end I were going to be married. When? I should have to find that ont, for it was rather important. I didn't mind being Jack Jarvis, hnt I had qualms of conscience about marrying his sweetheart. TABLEAU IK. I mast continue my narrative by relating events whioh only came to my knowledge at a later period. About the same time that I entered the cottage of the Littlethorpes {that the name of fother and daughter), and foun'1 myself an affianced husband, Lady Gv.cnr :lirs Balvidere drove up in a carriage and pp.ir to she lonely cottage on the confines of Eppi.vg Forest. She knocked at the door, but there was no reply, so ehe lifted the latch and walked in. The parlour was empty, but from the adjoining room there came, ever and anon, the sound ofgroanE. " Good cTacious me 1 " exclaimed Lady Gwendoline, " I am sure some one is ilJ." Cautiously ehe colored the room, and gave a wild cry. The Hon. Tom Montressor lay in bed, and he was delirious. To summon the village doctor was the work of a few moments. The viHsge doctor looked at the patient, then turned to Gwendolina. " My dear young lady," he said, " this is a serious case—injury to the head—brain fever. It will be weeks before he recovers his reaeon." " Oh, Tom, my poor Tom," groaned Lady Gwendoline, " this is indeed Fad ! " "Your brother?" aBked the village doctor. b " No—not my brother,stammered Gwendolina, " I—I—caine to soc him—to bring him good news. He is tbe Hon. Tom Montressor." " What J" cried the Doctor," the Hon. Tom Montressor who iE advertised lor in this morning's Daily Telenraph ?" "The same, replied Gwendolioa. " You know, of course, that he Is a duke now?" " Yes, yes,"' said the village Doctor, " and how strangely it hnfi come about. I read of the ao-eUfint in last niches.Echo. There were thirteen people between this poor leirow anu the dukedom, they all vrcnt cut together in a yaoht, which CRV^-'zed. Ni one csoaped, and the penniless di=tsint relative is now a duke, with cpto.tss in nine counties, end an income of £1,000 a day. He must have every attention." He shall," replied Gwendolina, " you and I, Doctor, will nurse him back to life 1 " And they did. In six weeks the delerious man returned to his sensss. He found Gwendolina in a chair by his side, and didn't know her. He declared he was a mounted patrol, and that he wanted to go home and marry Polly. The village doctor assured him it was a hallucination—tbat it was tbe result of the injury to his head, and he must get rid of it —ihe hallucination the doctor meant—not his head. Then G -vendolina told him she was his own dear Gwendolina still, end that she had come to tmrry him, in spite of all. Then they told him he was a duke, and had millions. T:i« o- -.valeFCMK locked at Gwendolina, -,: i'. tv>! :'.t of and his scruples vnr,: :. K v\v, lor hilU to poSClfit in l-i !;.:; ! •"?:. lie accepted the dukedom Aril! !.r .v:-.-, Jf:5 -.Vs hr»d. A-.-i >?hr".i ii? was well enough, a carriage v. ] p- 'i 1 fslch'd I.iin an3 drove him off to one of Lis 3uc5l mince-; and his approucliing mv r : a :<iw'<h Li GwendolinaB-jlTideiemw duly in the Horning Post. TABLEAU IV. I WE.T madly in love with Polly, I could not di-gui-e it from mrjelf. I liked being a mountM patrol. The msn I had putinto my bed hi.? n-it rome to claim his uniform or his BwcetVari--. ! n™ nmel he liked the life in the lonely cotts.;;c too -veil to return to duty. I h:id tiiken his plsop. I was happy. I conq:i»r..l :t>V ls«.t ecru;>!(«, and for tha sake of Poliy ' to remain Jack Jarvis and wed !".?r, -v.- rust our r , .-.'.-thcarting was a little awk v-1, she rcruindfi] me of so manv ihin->B I c>i;:.!-.'i reraombor, am] onceor twice I nearly put s-y foot in it. But I was very carefol, end th? ejaree of o«r true love ran smoothly towa-.ds the wedding day. I liked ray dutie?, the horse exerciFe hud quite cured my dy=p»pria. I had forgofen Gwendolina and I loved Polly. Her fresh and charming simplicity deiighted me. I felc that we Bhould ha very hnppy. Bstter far to be a mounted patrol y-'i h thirty sbillinss a we»k and a little £t>sn a rrc'.UEc ^-iffi only toe memory of a disappointment. The wedding day arrived. I discovered that Polly had quarrelled with the constable's wife, and that was what she meant by bygonep. Sbe came to the wedding, so did all my f-;'low constables who were not on duty, so did the inspector. It was quite a pnnular wedding, for Polly was beloved by everyone. The old father was very jolly, but a little energetic. He was a market gardener, and had market rather than garden wava. But lie was goofl-hearted and I forgave his lack of culture. Wo all went to church together, and then I got over a little difficulty. I explained that though I had been known all my life as Jack Jsrvis my resl nsrne was Thomas Montressor, and in that name I was married. The inspector pulled his moustache, and eaid something about assumed names being against the regulations, but I had been a good officer, and he would not report the circumstance to beauquarters. I thanked him cordially- and tne briae gave him the firat kiss crowd bnr- eVlUage CMdl to otpaft e * flnn 8 flowers All was joy 1 Suddenly a middle-aged woman dashed bead with her nmbrella. . " Oh, you wretch, oh you monster I she exclaimed. Polly ruehed between UB. _ ''Sparehim," she cried, "he is my husband 1" . "Oh, you minx." Bhrieked_the woman, "yonr husband, indeed—he's mine! " " It is a lie," I shouted indignantly, vainly trying to knock my battered hat into shape again. _ "It Is no lie." said a detective from Scotland Yard," I have here the certificate of your former marripgs. John Jams, I arrest you on a charge of bigamy." Polly fell into my arms. Dismay fell npon my comrades. Again the middle-aged woman fell npon me—with her umbrella. Then I was seized and dragged away, and at the hour when the bridal feast shoifld have been ppread. H»y in a prison awaiting my trial for feloniously marrying Polly Iiittlethoipe while the middle aged woman was alive—very muoh alive. TABLEAU V. I was taken before the nearest police magistrate and charged. The inspector -identified me as John Jarvis ever since I joined the fowe two years ago. He told the etory of the marriage register beiDg feigned Thomas Montressor, and this settled my guilt as a bigamist in the eyes of everyone. It was evident to them that I had feared to eifrn my name, lest tbe previous marriage of John Jarvis should be discovered. The middle-aged virago swore to me—and at me—and it WRR with the greateBt •^imouTtj- Jniiui oiillinriher damage to my personal appearance with her umbrella. She produced her marriage lines —she produced an old lady who had assisted attheformer marriage. No living soul in court had a donbt of my guilt. Except Polly 1 Polly, my darling little Polly!—my zestio, beautiful bride I—Polly, God bless her 1 though she was led half fainting into the winess-hox, declared that she believed I was! innocent. •'That isn't a question for your to decide, my dear," said the magistrate. " What we want to bear from you is this: Is thiB person the man who married you yesterday ?" . I believe Polly wanted to say " No." Some wild idea flashed across ber brain, for a moment, of saving me by telling s story. But she glanced round the court, and saw all the wedding company there, ready to contradict ber if she did, and so she sobbed (To he continued.) 