A GHOST STORY. AS TOLD BY AN INTELLIGENT FOREIGNER. Cost Noel! It is your day of Christ inmas, and I am go dine chez zoJollidogues. Zo dinnnro, so rosbif, and so plom pouling, ozey have come and gone, also ze dessert. and now ve have desert zoe room of dining for the room sat draw. All zat ve draw a present are our chairs around oze front of zo side of zo fire. Ze Jollidoguos are oare en famillo. Jollidogues grand pore sit in zc corner in so chair of arms; zo cousins, and eso sistaires, and nieces,, . and ao aunts of ze fAmily have . join ze cersle I ;am happy as zo day is long. I am no longer to go say more happy, Ifor ce day is short just now, for, evola, I am at ec side of the hoarmink Miss Jollidogue. Zey are demanding con-con -ch! conundrum, and are telling tales. Moss Jollidogue demand if I can tell von story. I say, "Charmink mess, I always tell 0o trufe; co story jamais." But she make me understand she mean so story of Christmas, like von read in your "Annual Christmas," vich come out in ze Autumn. Jollidogue slap my back, and say I must tell a story-a ghost story. All ze family say dittos. Zoy draw ze chairs nearer to zc fire. I draw up my chair, and I draw on my memory, and I am like your stim boat, I go on ahead comme ca. An zis is me story I tell zem; "It vas now a long time of years ago zare lived in the Quartiore Latin, at Paris, a leetle fair hair girl zat zoy van used to call La Rose Blanche-as you say, Vite Rose. Rose was her name, and vraiment, she was ver' like one, just as fresh, as sweet, as tender ! Efery mornink, as she trip ovare ze Pout Neuf on her vay to 0 nimagasin vhere she vas employ, efery bodies zat meet her smile as von smiles to see zo shine of sun. Her face vas so bright, her lips so red, and care vas so much laugh in her blue eyes. And among mose zat smile ze most regular at so Vite Rose vas a yountmg man sat vaa zo same as zo rope you chuck out of your boat. I go say he vas, hlie vas a painter-a young artist, and vhoen he meets is bcharming grisotto in ze morn ings on ze Pont Neuf, hlie sigh, ma foi !-so large a sigh, it vas vot you call your largest of sighs-and zink to himself if he could put zat sweet face on canvas he vosld make so fortune, for zorero could be nozzink half so beautiful in ze Salon. "And in ze by and bye beside ze smile rare is ze "Ben jour ". von zoy meet. Encore zo "Comment ca va P" and it is not so ver long times before zat zo young artist, who vas. name Francois Picaud, and zo chlarmeenk Vite Rose valk togec mare in ce oveninks under ze shadow of zo trees on ze Champs Elyseos as happy hs eo birds zat sing above com. Zoy vare in deed vat you Engleese call so 'spoonsu,' ma foil ! it vas case of great spoons-I sink you vould call zem ladies. But as your Barred A Von, your Villiams of Shakes peare say, ' Of course zo true love nevare can flow smoose,' and zo honheur of Fran cois Pieaud vas ze rival of arrival-par don. I sink I go say 2o arrival of a rival. For, voilsa l so Vite Rose she vas ver charmoenk and voyen it is like zal, comme ca, zare is alvays more zan von man zat sink so too. In zis case zo ozzaro man vies Maurice Faudel, jeuno otudiant to be avocat and en ze vay to zo Palais do Jus tice hlie vas use to meet ze charming Rose Blanche. Bientot he begin to espeak to her and before very long time, so veil he plead his suit zis pretty girl have two strings to zo bow, or plutob, it van in zis case two beaux to ze string of her aprons. S"Von night in Summer of ze year 1870, zo Witte grisette, attare her day of vork is finish, go vis her sweootheart Francois Picaud to zo Cafe Chantant. Zeir laughter join ze song, and zeir hearts beat time to ze music, and zey are as long as the day is happy. Lots of ozzares are talking of politics, of ze Prussians, of Bismarek; vat care ozey for nations or statesman or kings? love is zcir emperor, and he banish all ozzare out of zoir minds and hear?. Pre sently who sall valk in and seat himselve close to zoemn but Maurico Faudel P As you say, two is a company, butvare zareistreeo zO company is not limited, but, mainten ant, it vinds itself up. Maurice sink of zis, and as hlie sec zo young artiste press so hand of La Rose Blanche, and see zo smile in her eyes ven zey meet zhose of Fran coils he say not nozzink, only he follow be iaiýd zqm yeu zoo r~eturn lo0 aan- ?r1 hishis hl ?rnon?i Un1? Zf? vis.l1 nFi T. i,,. ileCleo round his erm van he vish her re oBen soir. More ! he hear zo roport of-of ze-vat you make at billiards-non-not ze cannon-ah ec ! ze report of ze kiss. But still he say not nozzink. "But ven La Rose Blanclh have gone and Francois is all alone by himselveos, Maurice approach him. Now, if hlie had been young Englishmuan, hle would have given his rival zo box in zo eye. But no; hle tell him he must novare again dare to speak to L.a Belle Rose, or he must give Maurice zo satisfaction of gontilhomme; for vaen loes Francais are cross, viz., each ozzaire zoir swords are cross also. " Zo next day ze rivals meet in zo Bois de Boulogne, viz zoeir seconds and ze doctor; for in l'affaire d'honnour ze first sing is to try and take life, and zo next to try and save it. Zey salute, zey cross swords, zoy lunge, szey guard, zoy lunge again, and all on zo sudden zsoy stop von zey hear ze scream of a young lady; and voile! la Rose Blanche stand before zom. "' Hein !' she say. ' Que voes etes betises Fun ot l'antre !' and she go on de mand vat zey mean by fighting viz each ozzare for her von zoir swords are vanted by zeir country against her enemy. And she demand of zem to listen to ze cry of ze crowds in ze distant rues and boulevards of Paris-'A Berlin! A Berlin I A Berlin!' "It vas ze morning !after Gravolotto, sat terrible struggle vare, after tree times ve had driven back ze enemy, so four times on ozey come, and by veight over power us. On sat calm, peaceful Sunday morning in August, so soft Summer rain fall like tears on ze hillside covered vie zs bodies of ze brave. "' Are you hurt, Mauric P' It is Frae eos Pienad sat demand sis of his voneo rival, now his comrade in arms. "' I am dying,' he say, ' and I am cold. Cover me, Francois,' and Francois take off his surtout and place it over ze shivering form of Maurice. "'Adieu, mon ami. Ditos la belle Rose Blanche que je i'aimais; que j'ai mourut poare lui et pour la France. Vive la France! A bas les-." "He was dead. "Later in ze day a party of Landweh. march over field to bury zior dead. Zey halt close by ze dead body of Maurice, and a youug oilloer raiso so Coat rich cover heim, and gaze on his face so calm, eat it. seem as if he only sleep till to-morrow,' instead of eternity. He replace se surtout vit a sad sigh, and out of ze pocket fall a portrait of la Rose Blanche, vich she had giveto Francois before heleave for zever. 1e was Prussian and enemy, so young Landwehr; but he vas a brave man and soldier, and yen he sink he se beautiful eyes vich look from ze portrait of ze so pretty girl, i5l be vct vit tears; ma foi, it scene his own are not so clear, "'His sweetheart,' he says. and he read her name and vare she live written on ze back, and says to himselves, if ever he go to Paris he vili give it to her. "Helas! he did go to Paris, and von day he leave ce portrait at ze house of La Rose Blanche, vis enly written upon it sat it vas found on zc dead body of a brave soldier at Gravelotte, and so poor Vite Bose she sink it vas her Francois zat have fallen in so battle, and ze smile is fade from ze cheek so like zs rose, and zo so glad light out of her blue eyes. "Apres cola vas zo. Commune. Los petroleuses varse in zeir frenzy. zan zo verst of men, burn vit ozzares ze house cere poor Rose she live, so san von Francois comes back from ze var, he find none of her harness, I sink oat vat you say, ah, no II mean no trace of his fiancee, except zat she have gone, somevon say, to Angleterre. " And it vas to Angleterre zc poor girl have go to situation herself; but ma fail bientot she vii she vas back in her dear Icxic, Loadon is to her so deh', so much noisy, so many peoples, and yet she is alone; and she. cannot, howsomuch try, situation herself. She not know how to espeak your tongoue, nor vare to go to 6btnin of money for york. She is like poor lip at sea viz eso masts and sails all gone, and ze dark storm all around. " At last shelose heart. Her money is not gone; she cannot pay for her lodgings. It gas a day since sho buy anysink to eat; she have not a penny to buy ze next meal. She ayolk thro' your busy streets all alight iund foll of peoples who seem busy and full df cheer. Sihe cannot understand vat zsoy day, but she can tell from so smile on zior laces and ze sound of zeo'r voices sat lots of em are happy and so glad, and she "eel still more alone and her heart grow more heavy. At last she can keep back .the tours no more, she turn down quiet street to have vat your Engleeso ladles cal eso ' good cry." "Zo street down vich' she turn led to a great side lonely bridgo, and as Rose look dolvn at ze. dark vatare flowing so quiet and 'still :tro' zo busy city she sink if it will not be less terrible to end all- zere! zan to face risery, solitude, hunger, shame. She cannot return ti her Paria, she have no monies. Zero is nozzink be fore her but sorrow. Is'it not better she sink' to die vit speed vitement zsan' to linger day by day and at .sat die of so slow cruel starve as she have read of people in your rich London P And zenshe sink of Francois. Never more in zish vorld shall seoehim andbe happy. Perhaps inze next he vill meet her, for sure she sink he is in heaven, and zoy will not keep her out of heaven for killing herself von she die to save her honour, voyen she go from zis life pure and only bowed down vit siorrow. She climb on 0 o parapet; she give von look at ze dark sky, anozzor at ze darker voter. She cry, 'Francois l tres niame, rejouts tot ! Feo vions l' "Tont do suite she feel ze arm of some. von around her waist; she is lift off oze parapet. She look round, and zare, with his face close to hers, is-Francois! "First she sink it is spirit-you oer, it ghost; she believe how she is so near so gate of oze ozzare land that Frauncois have come over se steps to briung her in. iBut no! zsre are living arms around her, and Francois is kissing her not much like a ghost. Zen, tro' her tears, she toll him all her sorrows, and she rest her blondo head on his bosom to listen to zo boat of his heart, and be sure it is her Francois in deed, only she demand of him how it is hlie is not dead, and she show him oze pottrait so young German ofilcor brio; her and Francois explain how it vas le pauvro Madrice zat was shot, and he cover him vit his ovarecout, in zo pocket of vich lie carry so portrait of Rose. And ihe go on to say how lie have been lon, long time looking for her; how, now lie find her, he vill novaro lose her, zat lie is artiste vit lotsof york and on bonio fortune, and zat all lie desire is la bella Rose Blancheo for leetle vife. " Zey are marry and yet soy are happy. I go say soy are happy yet, only tres son vent, voyen Madame Picaud sink of ze bravo MIaurico lying cold and dead on ze field of Gravelotto on zat August Sunday morning, vib her name oze last on his lips and in Iis heart of hearts, her bright face is grave and sad for se moment, and oze tears rush to ze dark lashes of her blueh eyes, and pardon, Mees Jollidogue ! I did not zink my ghost story vould bring zem to yours." 