THE CHRONICLES OF EARLY MELBOURNE. HISTORICAL, ANECDOTAL, AND PERSONAL.— (1385-1861 ) HEW B K 3 I 1 9. Br GARItTOWIg, CHAPTER XLI. Soke Random Rbcolleotions. Some PecuLiAi: Pkople. 11\. There were three other M'e notorieties In their way, bnt ae some of their posterity may be now living, and L hope tliriving, amongst ns, the surnames shall be suppressed. First in rize was a burly, lazy-going, soft-faced, sly- eyed customer known as "Big Mick," who occasion ally fraternised, bat more often fought, with n little cuttotner nicknamed <a Micky tbe Ribbon," from oertain proclivities markiog his caret? before leaving the " Hlmmeral HoiJo," ns he was wont to designate the land of hts nativity. 44 Big Mick " and the Ribl>on man were known to the early pnb'lc as nlghtwatchmeu. paid oat of a door-to- door weekly subscription to traverse tbe then two principal streets of the infant township. This conn# woe necessitated through the luability of tho handful of constables then comprising tho entire police foree to do what was needful. The big fellow's beat was Collin, and the Little one s Elizabeth street, and so far from the rascals rendering any adequate equivalent for tho outlay levied for thou, the ooly bonndariee tbey beat were the bars' back doors aod pre cinct of the pnblicbouftsa, w here they skulked and begged, and cheeked for free drinks : and with such success, too, that In day time whsu visible they appeared as if always in that after stage of dsbanch technically known as "suffer ing a recovenr." Their re.gns, thongh merry, were short, for they were soon sacked, ana others pnt in their place. But this kind of nocturnal vigilance was never a success here, nod the gradual increase of tbo regular police led to its abolition. The two worthies haffitn- ally amnsad themselves by pitching into each other during the dark hour, and some ot thvir moon-lit encounters were brisk enough while they lasted; but Micky, e firmer amalgan of bone and muscle than tbe other, as a rule managed to 44 lick" Mick. Micky, however, was the first to lie down in the Old Ceinotery ; but Mick managed with difficulty, by ho ik or crook, to spin out existence until Septemar, 1849, wnen he gave up tbe ghost, aid was interred by the Friendly Brothers a small charitable society, whose gc-G deeds have been long forgotten No. 3, known far and near as Long H , was a queeri-b impersonation. Though not a convict hs acquired a dubious notoriety before he transferred his corpus from Launcs'toa to Melbourne. A lond boaster of a past military career, for be was an ex-.ioldier-sergeant, his first pnblic Appointment was the oveueership of a small gang of prisoners, into whose care was temporarily given the maintenance of the un- unmacsdaoiised 8treets;and a sad mess they u ide of it, though in this respect they were not fairly open to much, if any, censure. Id M— , the luckless devils, .had a rough, hectoring, un reasonable master, and matters finally assumed sncha threatening aspect tbatdo evade pro bable assaesinatiou the superintendent threw up his billet in terror and disgust. He was off aod on half-a-dozen times with the police, and as a constable, believed to have supplemented hi moderate pay by blackmailing drunkards and both licensed aad unlicensed grog-sellers When his batonshitp was prematurely, but de servedly, brokeo, he still clung with a sort of affection round the door of tne police office, where he was to be found ready ana willing on the most reasonable terms to lend a hand in . any matter that- could be backed up by the feeble and discreditable aid of what is known in police cant as a 44 monntsr." As years rolled on the long fellow so far Improved that he grew into a wiser, bonester, though hardly a better man. At all events be struck into a reputable way of living, and succeeded. He became a cattle dealer, at wbich be saved some money, end thi. after the gold discoveries, was much enlarged by lucky land speculations. From this he tuoseomed into an extensive squatter, kept a grand house in East Melbourne, where he was profusely hospitable to those who saw no ob jection to accepting hie invitations ; and by way of putting a finishing touch he had his carrisge and servants ln liwyi end need to be driven, pompom and prffisful, through the streets. Bnt the wheel of fortune turned, his wealth by short degrees into birds, which spread tbeir wings and flew away. Though not reduced to tne low watermark of hia eaily colonial career, it was low enough, and bis last day was passed in the Mel bourse Hot- vital, an institution which has witnessed the end of many a better man and more meritorious colonist. 12\. This segment of humanity winds up with a notice of en individual more prominent in many respects tban those dealt with— a favorite with many, and hi only enemy himself. His name in toto was Daniel Wellesley O'Donovan, his sponsors having baptismally booked him to the two great Irishmen. Dau O'ConneU and the hero of Waterloo. Hailing from Kerry, he was born and bred in ths vicinity of " Kiliarney's classic laker," and no one was batter up in the heaps of legendary lore which have, Uke ima ginary enow-wreaths, hovered round that ro mantic region from time immemorial. A fine- proportioned, pleasant- faced, fanny-eyed yoang man. Fort Phillip offered hia n good chance of carving out a comparatively bright future; but there wae a big stumbling block in his way in either the brandy cask or tbe beer barrel, or rather both, and this proved hie destruction. Moderately grounded in an English education, he wast perhaps, the best Latin and Greek scholar xn the Province ; but he was excep tionally well posted in all branches of Celtio History, and could givg yon extracts from the Annals of the Four masters, the Book of Bally- mote, or the Psalter of Tare, as pat as he cosud roll oat a Roman Catholic Rosary, for he was a most ardent votary of the first of tho Chris tian churches. In Hmernian fairy and folk lore it was both entertaining and instructive to listen to his expatlations, for there wasn't a banshee, a pbooka, leprehaan, or good or evil spirit of any traditional reputo within the font corners of the Emerald Isle whose pedigree and antece dents he could not trace, and whose virtues and vices he waa unable to describe. He succeeded in obtaining clerical employment, bnt driven, as he would say, by the hot winds, he rapidly ac quired && unconquerable appetite for adulterated rum and two alee, which, in fact, unsettled him for anvtbicg Uke continuous steady work. His quill-oriving and he, therefore, soon dissolved partnership, when he betook himself to any chance employment faUing in his way, from private tuition to shepherding, from wharf- laboring to Bcavengering ; but all the sssm, for though he tried several resolves at self-refor mation, he coald never keep sober for a month; the curse clove to him with a tenacity that ren dered U as impotsible to shake it off as it would be to jump out of hie skin. Having had some knowledge of horse-flesh from his boyhood, he accoremodated .himself to tbe position of a groom, and as such hs might have got on well, but the bottle-imp was alwaye before his eyes as an evil geniua beckoning him to destruction. Intemperance at length so possessed him as to induce fits of insanity, which he was successful in shaking off for some years, when the paroxysms assumed a chronic character, and the last decade of 0 Doqovba's life was passed ln the Ksw Lu natic Asyinm, where he died a few yeas ago. In hii periodic fits of delirium there war no in dication of violence to anyone, es jup ; a police man attempting an arrest, when he would nit and kick out w ith a vengeance. Ooasionally, when in danger of being taken into custody, he would give ctuw, for ne was light-footed as oue of the indigenous red dssr of his native mountains. And there was this method in bii madness, that when within any reasonable distance of the then single-bridged Yarra, heeonght tba friendly aid of the rivr, and on arriving at the bans rlunged in an-! swam across Uke a wild dude. This, for the time, stayed the pursuit, for the old Bobbies did not reUsh a cold bath under the circumstances ; and besides, not oue of them stored in the amphibious gifts of the aeadmaa to whom, for the moment, land and watei ap peared much aUke. Many a racy anecdote oonld be narrated of D. W\ O'D , but I mast have regard for Uma and space, and hall ony reproduce two as samples. Even in his 44 lucid intervals" O'Donovan was given to monotoning to himaelf, generally recitations of favorite passages from authors be tod well studied. In anch a mood of self-talk ing isolation ho wae indulging one November afternoon, poised against a superannuated gum tree which once flourished on the verge of the Merri Creek crossing place leading from Mel- bourns to Heidslberg. The first resident judge (Willis) resided at tne latter place, and gener ally horsed it in and out drily. On this occa sion hij Honor was goiug home, and approach ing the tree, though ns could perceive no huuian being in sight he waa surprised to hear, aa ii froiu ihe itiU'riur of the trunk, delivered in true declamatory <t\ lo, puruuna of one of GicsroN 1 'i ivti ni i, : «iubl Calriiiie. The j ude pulled up us-ouuiied, uad tor a tune did not well Know vii at to make of Th vo;<:-? .-ouhl net ui- rem tree, thj:- h it ocvi-r ocvirn-.l io » lit-. An oj«i -utm tU- ieJ by, lm'. ti ml 1 i n 'i'l 1 'lu'- !y. i; -I.lw.b V . o.di ug to "ill oil O- i' who run m iy ri," n m Uoi t: .-.N-H i,i..M.ul.iri;..4WHMlwwn'W an lift I voail.l.n.v,;! u l-»r. i 5 a.r.- ,W.|M .'T a 'II, 9 t - I"-- di- , (m< f: -.;M , . it nijo I U. Id liUkl lUOuJiU i'iwi, U ) ll'JiiV I; l.ui ute'-i and at uouie ii«h io ... .u filling 'u l>» ly thau 'utoumg rotninNcsn-'ci of au< iem %vru -uippoantp a biilta' k uie;. tally an - Gmgm-ly c iprifleof doing u/'ll iug tbu thlllg ' HiiOUil'd' 'U Willi . It CfiO't b 1 4 ghorl. 1 > fur from -ii.mwt. Oh . confound tae for a noodle i uwwbi si it Men, It nut b. am. ludf-dnjnl.n .pmtw .1 th oth«r .id ot Ih. tree. Huh I haw well, though, he dou It. Cteero, too, by Jot. I ud ireer eyllebn ennooUtad, pmoaeil M eupbeeieed with doe prowdiel Hcmqr. Im goM.Ill ioob wire thtmyetory." Duhleg forward, end tlewlng round hi. hone, he WM U onre (k. to fee with the Bnth Or.tor, whA without eeenleg to eotln the iotradtr (wheu h. well hnew), continued until he had flaiehed the perorntion, .ndthen dofting hie wen thee, bentes cebbnge tree bat with a low bow, nad In.lnnntlng anil, eipretitd hope tlmt hie Honor ww not di.plowed with the hnrmlewMt ofpwtiBehebndwltnesMd. Willi, wee hladl such an oddfellow that I have devoted also where e anbdlThiou" of a chapter to a detail of hi. ecceotriciilM. He looked at the other, complimented him oa th ta,t nad ntrle of M deliverance, which led to a brief -ir..Ha._ tbe end being that the two W'n (WUlle out Welleiley) not preTiooaly by appearance a. known to aarh other came at once to be gnat chnmip, end when Ihe Judge ueertained Troee his companion that nomas living knew bit teg how to manage a stable ho forthwith took him into his hired service with an order to march at once to Heidelberg. Amongst Willis's two or three horse screw, in minl«teriog to the olesnlineaa of an old trap end keepings thine, right la the stable 0 Donovan appeared as it in Elysium for a few weeks. The masttr was kind to ttw man, and the latter knew well old Wille's lovo of blarney to be such tbat if he got ths ohaneo so far from beiog satisfied with a kiss or Itak of the blarney stone, hs would if hs tod tho right of ownership, and sufficient expansion of gullet, eagerly swallow thn whole big pebbte. Tboonh O'Dooovan had not a puticla of the actual stone, he was gifted with ths bladgh,oc mellowness of tongas peculiar to parts of Mm South of Ireland, which it in reality tho genuine article, and depend upon it the Anglo- axon functionary was not only bottlo-fod, oat surfeited with the palatable doss whenever the watchful ostler got the chanoe which Willis wae only too delighted to give. But the Web of Fate was already weaviog Into poor O'Dono- vsn's future thicker threads of darkness thai had appeared hitherto, and there was doomed to be a speedy flare up with lilot and his new patron. Ever from the arrival of Willis la 1841 it was hit custom tooponoaob monthly Criuiual Session of ths Supreme Gonrt with aa ade'refs or charge to the jury panel ; bnt, ia reulity, more of an ultra-official o ratio to the general public. These fulminattea were couched seldom in good, though mostly in bsd taste, and were simply -rhetorical vehicle by which to ecetter broad-cast the ex parte impertinent, unprovoked comments of hi Honor in rc matters with which he should not have meddled. They had, however, tbe msrit of careful preparation, and though mora abusive than pungent, were on the wbote clever specimens of tolerably readable, though oveidous, phraseology, highly spioed with well- fitting pedantry, lney were crammed with quotations, ancient, and modern, fro languages both living and dead, Latin especially predominating. Never did one of them appear without a long Latin excrpt or two. On tbo morning of one opening Willis was aware that his Crier or Tipstaff would be unible, thronoh illness, to be at his poet, in his onstoaary perch, and he decided npon trotting ont hu favorite groom io a new capacity. O'Donovan had a good voice, and could talk, rant, and shout (in more than one sense), and of hie eligibility as a locum tensns crier there could be no manner of dvubt He was accordingly rigged up is a cast off white choker, and swallowtail (the latter being hardly half big ncugb), and on his appearance in Court wa indeed 44 the observed of all observers," tbe Judge eipecislly regarding his protege with a gleeful chuckle, saying in effect, "On. ti all right ; he looks just the thing, toll do. hell do. The Ojez, Oyiz Exordium was got through by the new Tipstslff with a nasal sol emnity, ts if he had been using a trombone fox a speaking tr nor pet ; and after the disposal ot pno or two formalities, and the calling of tho jury panel, the judge launched at once into bin cpeech from the bench. He started well, got pleasantiy into smooth water, sailed on buoy antly before a gtmle breeze, until a quotation cropped up abend, but of this the judge dldnl it e, for, ae hitherto, he would takeit as bnnter dors an ordinary jump, in tip-top stylo, It was a hackneyed passage from one of tin satires of Horace, and the orator stepped in amongst the Beaineters with a greoef tu lisp, aa if asstued that what be was saying wonld bo duly appreciated Ia this manner be travelled eafely over tbo fourth line, bnt in tbe fifth, uttered a slight loisqnotation, wtan the now Crier was down upon his great superior, and figuratively shoo him as a terrier wonld n tat. " I beg your Honor's pardon," roared tht irate O'Donovan, "yoa are murdering my moot favorite author, and this I cannot permit to to done by either judge or jury. If our Honor will kicdly allow nw ball set yoo riqbt ; in fact permit or not IH do It— so now your Honor and gentleman of tto inry, listen to the only true and correct version. Here followed some dozen lines of Ioraee, In cluding tbe corrected reading of whore tto judge had floundered. It is no exaggeration to say that all ln Court except the jaoge and hie tip were convulsed with laughter. Aa 'tar Willie, he was so flabbergasted that daring O'Donovan's groes but unconscious oontempe of Court his Honor was unable to And worse sufficient to order the offender to desist or tto sheriff to have him removed. But the moment he was able to do so, to fcreamed to the sheriff to drag tbe transgressing scoundrel from tto place, and pnt him nnder lock and key until tto horrified dignitary could command timo and patience to oonaiaer how to best summarily deal with snch a malefactor. All this timo O'Donovan was nnabie to eompretond that to had acted with any Impropriety. Bqnally nt aes as to the reason for the judge's faming and the people's laughing, hs seemed half to- wildered Ue boldly declared his inability to understand what wronv to had done by ant- ting the judge right. He thought to tod only done simply nis daty, and should do so agaiflu did a like occasion require it. Bnt he never tod another etonem Mr Raymond, the Depnty - Sheriff, leading him by the colUr out of Court, kept him nnder durance until the tisne for adjourn ment. He was then told to call next day tor tbe wages due to niiu. If he had any luggage at Heidelberg, it would be sent to tbe asms place ; but he wan prohibited from ever agatai end under any circumstance, showing his foot at Heidelberg. It is strange JL have been nnnhle to find any report of this extraordinary opieodn in the newspapers ; bnt it Is nest to imnoeribte to have access to a complete copy of the early journals. Of the occurrence there can be no donbt whatever. When "off hlejebmp," Wellesley O'Donovan implicitly believed himself to be one of foag heroes of Irish History, viz , two Pagans ani two Christians ; and it depended on the nnsoq of the year wbich of those personages to wonlfi imaginatively personate. In winter, to was Dbarra Dhonn ; in spring, Datbt ; in saaunnr Brian Bon ; and autumn taw him O'Nsil of tto Red Hand— and he was eternally talking of tto character in which he played. TTe remained nff and on in and ont ot Melbourne foi strata ?eat, and paid several compulsory visits to tto 'ana Bend in its infantile dayt For most of the time O'Donovan figured so often before the publio there was a reporter on The Herald known fay tbe ultra- Milesian name of Finn, who was a special favorite with O'Donovan. Whenevm tbey met during the latter's sanity hs invariably addressed tbe other as " Mr Finn but in lug mad moods O'D. was fully convinced that Finn waa no other tban O'Ronrke, the Prince of Brefni. well known in Irish prose and varan On all occasions whenever ana wherever they met O'Donovan wonld uncover and make a firofonnd obeisance to " the Prince." Once the ollowing almost incredible Police Court scene occurred. O'Donovan was for about tto dozenth time charged with alleged lunacy, and by all appearance he was what is in vulgar parlance denominated " aa mad as a hatter." The late Mr Sturfc was the sole presiding justice, and the Mr Finn before-mentioned tto sole occupant of the reporters' stall. Tto accnsed on being placed in the dock turned towards the single reporter aud refused to acknowledge even by a glance the single magistrate. On being requested to faoe too Bench he replied in a stern tone th.it he wonld do nothing of the sort ; he wae Daarra Dhonw the monarch of the world, and oould never acknowledge the representative of a foreign power, more particularly England. There was in Court op- opposite to him, tbe Scion of one of tho ancient kinplv races in his old country, and to him to wonld render a cheerful allegiano. Mr Start (who knew him but too welt): "What are yon talking or rather dreaming about O'Donovan V The prisoner (with a wave of tto left hand):uIt is neither a dream of the day or night, tot a reality. I now see befors me in hnman shape no less a personage than O'Bourke, tho Prinoo of Brefni. As for you, sir (to Mr Start) though you are a kind good hearted follow, an EngUeb minion like you it not worthy to brush the coat of a descendant of Irish Royalty." There was a loud burst of laughter from the persons In court, and whLsl Start gazed with a pitying kindlineaa ou the unfortunate creature, O'Dono van shook himself together, right-faced towards the bench, and in a style tbat would do credit, to some of our modern amateur sang, or rattot keened ths first two venen o MnoieG beautiful melody — Ti « Hong of U'ltn ir'ie — which dt- scribtti ihe return home of the bruu'c of ttrefui ony to M,>cyve; th elopement i hii wife with the V. . no of Leim ei aud hia tbiea'-s of veuge- ii tu ><o ..i mf ii.ii. ' !_ Iiiu I- wi.i-iU -he l '1.1 11U-, I ..9-u. ' ' ' 'i'' I'' niK'L i 1 ui f " n h.i<l Aulteil it -in »ft«t I. a ilii. K. 1 '.y ,"-.>ud rivil'- k.w. ( I'D b« C.>I>GII»mhM 