TERROR OF H A U N T E D LOCO- MOTIVES. • Locomotive engineers are almost, if not altogether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted ships, says the*Tribune. About ten years ago the engine ,Matt Morgan, blew an while standing cn the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, R.I., killing'the engineer. The engine was "subsequently rebuilt and put on the road. On the first trip she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the nipfht with the train swinging, behind, and the sleeping, town echoing to the shrill whistle: On approaching the station the engineer leaped forward to shut Steam,but toTiis horror a ghostly off form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him feat. When the station was reached the ghost disappeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distances beyond. A t least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stoningham road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a I ail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the chasm. G-il.es, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the. engine. But it was too late. The train was going at such a speed thar the locomotive leaped clear across the Stream, and they found Giles lying Tinder his over-turned engine, with the lever driven through his body, and c s l m t s c one hand clutching the throttle valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when lie came into Providence,. was accustomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to bis wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the first intimation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers'for it, with such superstitious horror was it regarded. To- day there are people ready to swear that they have beard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signals to his wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, •when no train was coming up the road. REMEMBER THIS.—If you ate sick Hop Bitters will surely aid Nature in making .you well when all else fails. If you are costive ordyspetic, or are suffering from any other of ? the 'numerous diseases of the stomach or bowls, it is your own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign xemedy in all ajich complaints. If you are nervous use Hop Jiitters. If you have rough, pimply or sallow skin, T>ad breath, pains and aches,' and feel miserable ' generally, Hop Sitters "will give you fair skin, rich blood, arid sweetest - breath, and health. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, lister, mother, or daughter can be made a' picture of health, iy 1 American Oo.'s Hop Bitters, costing but a trill*. Will you let them suffer. In short, i;hey cure all diseases of the Stomach, Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Bright's Disease. £500 will be paid for a case they will not cure or help. Druggists and Chemists keep. • •' TOR L FEM&I.E8; quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the destressing symptoms so preVelent with the sex. Boxes Is. and 2s. 9d. of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, Prepared only by the Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co , Lincoln, England. Wholesale of all the Wholesale Houses. Beware of Immitations. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS a powerful and wholesome tonic. 