=KLifo ot a "Hard Case," For near ripon a quarter, of a century the name of, Joe,:Bragg has heen tho- ghost of terror whioh has haunted(tho Sydney police. ¡ Entering the ranks of "the criminal residuum when quite a ohild, ho stuck to his( " calling " with death-gasping tenaoity until his last * conviction. In his youth Joe was a prominent member-if not the ringleader-of a gang of plunder ing 'desperados known as "The Forty Thieves,'' tnagainst whoso midnight, ay, and daylight, inoursions no place, no matter now aeoufely barred and bolted, ''was proof. Joe led a'life whioh would have killed tiany dozen ordinary men, but he is an extraordinary man, and has had a constitution of iron and norves of steel, Ho was alwaysJready for'any "job.'' ff The more1 dangerous and daring tho undértakingr the I petter he liked it. He was i confronted with many difficulties, but he was equal , to any emergency, and ; if escape meant "flashing"/ his ,credentials of /.attaok before the police, ,he did not refrain from '/that! -. Many have been, the " opppermeh,'' as Joe '. still delights to call the'.polico, who havo carried the "Boars 'of oonfliot inflicted 1 by their dreaded eneiny^ But Joe has changed. He is now blothed and in his right mind, and has said "avaunt - ' to all his fancies \- for other people's property,'; and ho has stifled the ' . ^relish with which, he used ..to; gloat. over the ] idea, of exterminating an enemy, or sending daylight into ,a/ policeman's skull; , Joo ,is now .j the i standard-bearer, of "the Blue iBibbon' Army,: He is" the beaoon' of hope to] which stragglers are pointed. He is the one "glorious example." : Joe ' has'long'had ah ambition to-become an author. That -' he will figure well on the thorny path Of literature is , a thing öpoii to very great doubt for more than'oho J: cogent reason. . That he may make his mark as a temperance,lecturer there is far more hope. ' Joe v has, just the style of tale to tell which always ,, .holds j a.teotptal audience spellbound j - and, what is ' inore, Joe oan tell'his tale in a style which carrios '~ tho syinpathy'of his audience with him, as instanced in his essay as a lecturer on Saturday, 17th inst. , when telling how he had offended against prison disoipline, and then thrëaténeâ to J présent a : warder with his . brains,,his hearers were so oonvinced of tho justice ' of Joe's cause, and the sincerity, with which he issued '.his threat; that thoy applauded Min" to the" echo; Joe'B initial performance as a public leotnrer took place on Saturday evening, 17th April, :in'i the Tem perance Hall. ; ?-. J .» L-<¡J\ '.- ! . ., ¡ Joe has,a.very, fluent¡ tongue, and although ho \- Bppko, tor nearly- two^ hours without note qr,prompt , ing, it waa very .apparent / that ho had, .oarèfully pre-. pared himself for. the task, He endeavored, to speak ; , grammatically, ..but.. despite all he did, Joe and j Morell, his bosom companion in solitaryi cell, could ! ' -not set horses- ~:-together« . Joe's - tongue would ' keep kicking'over the traces. When he dropped the effort toibey pedantioj-vandiilet ^4 Joe Bragg'* ; i .havre play, he gave, promise of developing .to . ba; an .effeotive. speaker. Joe's .story was a > remarkable 0 one.j. It revealod.many hidden mysteries of oriminal líiipf and", it also contained; flashes Of information which ought to engage the attention of tho wise men ' of tho sunny south. . AB the story was decidedly ' novel, and not without considerable interest to ninny, and willbo of moro than passingintorostto the majority J of readers,! especially to those; anxious tô:effoot a ; ohange. in the habits of the oriminal olasses, Joe 1 shall tell his own story. : 1 .'. Joe, oh presenting himself. on. tho platform, was . received . with considerable, applause, a reoeption which he acknowledged with a very significant, if not ' ver^ graceful, bow. Then, as with trained forenBid 'taot.be cleared his "pipes," and began:- j Mr. Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-No oon \- Biderations of self-respect will restrain me in the oon . feasion I have to make. In faot I-never knew- or understood what the feeling, of self-reep opt is. . The only thing whioh; will restrain mo is that , there are. ' ladies present, and on that account I can't tell you "all. " ? " TIÍBE1Í MONTHS iffOB, A L0AI'. When I was a little, boy, between'12 and 13 years Jold; I wandered about tho streots of Sy dney for two days withouthaying1'anything" to bat.- At last, im- 1 pellod by hanger P stole ¿a-'loaf of bread. vFor that I J was Bent to Darlinghurst Gaol if or throe months, i There I became associated with a gang of thieves and . the most hardened ? criminals, from whom I received < instructions ,in thieving. I came out of gaol a far : worse boy than when, I enterod. I came but with the full determination.of joining that gan? of thieves. . -..:,./. . .FAGAN GIVING/ .TUB .BOY A STAET. ; I was met at the gatos by one of their number and I immediately began- operations by going " till sneaking." I stole several tills the first day. Tho person, who mot mo at .the gaol gates kept-watch while I did the dirty work.1 -In tho course of amonth I had committed many rob-: beries. I did not stick entirely to till ; sneaking. I i gradually beoame initiated in all sorts of robberies. But at the end of the first month'B operations I waB j re-arrosted and sent to gaol for stealing a cashbox; containing 14s. During this sooond period of im-; priíonment I-rööeived farther instruction in the act] , of thieving. - ' ^ j STARTING ON HIE) OWN ACCOUNT. . j My> next offehoo was for assault and robbery in, Kent-street. I waB charged with having robbed ai drunken man, and also with having assaulted him.! Upon this charge I and two. confederates wore coin-i mitted'for trial. It waa when in gaol, awaiting.my; .'trial; that I made the acquaintance of Prank Gardner, j vWhori.I entered the gaol I had a Bovoroign whioh I; . had manan ed to sneak in with me. This I gave to Prank on tho understanding that he was to supply me with .tea and sugar if I got convicted, and that if I got aoquitted I was to have the money baok by tolling: Mr. Driyer at the gate that the money had boon left 'there for me. Well, I was brought up for trial. Judge Windoyer was then a young barrister. He looked into the dook at us, and told Mr. Dalley that we Boomed to be three intelligent-looking ladà, and ho, would " take up. our défonce gratia. He did.'' Mr. Dalley helped him, and, notwithstand !ing"that the evidenco was exceedingly clear against us,1 thoy obtained our acquittal. (Laughter.; Bat still I wont on thieving ; I had got a thorough liking for it. No inducement could load me to givo up my ^friends, dishonest as they wero. I had either to stick to them or to wandor about tho stroots, with no one totakomo by the hand and lead mo, or oven to recog nise mo. -I doterminod to Btiok to my friends and to go on thieving. , FIBBT IMPBESSION-" ALL POOLS." . ' " T must oonfoBB, my doar friends, that the first time ,1 entered the gaol, when I puttpy hands in my pocket and looked round, little and ignorant though I was. I thought to myself, they aro all fools-I mean not the criminals but tho legislators are fools for doing as they do and making criminals of the Ïoung by the hundred every year; I ave held that opinion ever sinoo. Nothing has ovor given mo tho slightest reason io alter my, .opiniom From that timoloonturcedwith my friends, ;>¿d I sent .to . . .. -¡...i../'., i"i ,; .t. '<..< v * '"» À i. f..' r gaol;: Llearned to pick pockets. I went to tho race .course to pick ladies' pookets, and became an expert. -.¡I got a large i number of-' purses 5 but. there was'-so little in them that I'thought-it better to " hook it," and to turn my hand to something inore' lucrative/ I went in for burglary. ; :. ; ; .--.I >.., f PICKING POCKETS BAD BUSINESS-BURGLARY |: - jr; i; ?.- BETTER.,\ . ' -.?x-'l ? I broke into a number lof houseBin the suburbs. I i was ,very successful because I. always kept a good .look-out. ,; Although, I was an ignorant boy I was intelligent, and, .1 miado use of my intelligence. ; I visited hóÚBés all round the .suburbs, but at last I got "pinched." (Laughter). 1 was going to rob Kelly 'a Hotelj at the corner of Castlereagh and King streets. The night previously we got into , a grocer's shpp in : Caatlereagh-street. There waa not much money ; so we took six boxe«; of cigars. Theße I piled On to my mate's arm." As it .was daylight when we came, out wo had to be very, careful. I .told my. mate, to take the boxeB and follow mo. I led the way to seo that the course was olear. I looked down all .the, streets to see whether there were any detootivesr or police; knooking about.. We walked along,at a good alntrp' pace, so that no óhe óoming up> behind'couldovertake us, and I, going on in front, oould give my maté the I'.'office " if I saw anything. ¡ ^ ' Í THE ARTFUL DODGER. ;'j' , We had got as far as the corner of Park and Castle reagh - Btreets, when , I; saw a ? " oopperman " ¡ just round the, corner. : I gave my nuCtothe j" office.!' There was a passage dose by 5 he whipped the .cigars in ,there, ; and then came back, and we went across Hyde Park. The policeman followed us.. He came up to mo and, said, " didn't I eoe you - coming along . Castlereagh- streetP'M said".-lam going for a bathe," , and be took it, tho flat, although if he had gone into CaBtlereagh-street he oould.have collared, the,cigars but he did not, the Sammy: (Laughter.) We made out to go toward the Domain, but instead of going there we went back and dropped the oigarB into a publican's cellar, a friend of ours. That nierht my mate had the toothaohe. (Laughter.) He could not sleep, - BO ho said ," We will go and do Kelly's hotel. " I said f ' All right." We went to the corner of Castlereagh and King-streets.;!< Everything.went all right. We had the place, prepared to go, in. . Wo looked about to see whether any ,; one, was ." piping "1 us.; off. ; ; We thought,'; we , were safe.. but unfortunately for us, some ono waa ^piping'.'' : us from tho balcony of; Holder's public-house, just against tho theatre.; Well, this man when he¡saw what we were after sneaked down and gave information to a couple of policemen. Wo;.Baw the coppermen " coming, but <we /never suspected .they ,were ooming for us. They arrested ns. For that I reoeived two years,-and was aont;to Berrima.Gaol.V.,. ; 3., . ¡ ; ?:---'y ? ' \ ' ?? GETTING IT COLD. " ,'!:- - :;'!-! I had only been there, a abort time . when " Iv got twenty-eight days' cells, for striking à warder with a billet of -wood. ; While I waá'dóing the twenlíy- eight daya'I insulted the dobtóri v. Por tlïat I .got another seven days ou bread arid water. ''While1 I 'wàs doing , the seven "days" I .smashed, up - all the utensils T; could lay hands on. : For that I got another twenty-eight' days; : That ' made nine weeks on broad and water, but' that did not re formme;: A short time afterward I and a mato wore sentenced to 28 days in the ' " moral." That' was oh the' "silent system," but they could hot shut; bur mouths. We " talked "away in apito of all they : did; so after a 'few' days they gagged us. The man who gagged mo tried' to push my teeth down my throat, but he did not suc ceed. Wo were :put' into the "moral" for insubordination. I was shut,up in a little oell 8ft by 6ft one way and 7ft by 6ft tne other. There I waa for six months, with only one hour's'exercise a-day, and kept for the whole time on half-rations. 1 A THIRST FOR KNOWXEDGE. My dear friends, at that time I was grossly ignorant. When I had the seventy- aevon days on bread and water I waa between 16 and 17 years old. . I then had the means of learning to read, but I did not avail myself of the opportunity,; beoause, I was under the ! silly impression that I was intellectually incapable of beooming an educated man, . During the five and i a halt months I. was in the " moral " I knew nothing of the-world and .1 knew '. nothing of. man. I beoame partially, insane; I had' various halluci nations whioh caused me great .misery. I was also afflicted with sourvy. My. gums beoame rotten, my :teoth fell out, and my hair fell off by the handful. I became, so weak that I, walked, with a ; stoop ; I could not straighten my.baok. I. was ina sad con dition. At the end of fifteen and a half months they Bent meto Darlinghurst ..Gaol. .My mato had been sent away five days previously to Parramatta. DANCED INTO SOLITARY CONFINEMENT. I had only boen at "Darlinghursttwo days.,when a warder interfered with ' mei I was dancing. ;' He said, "I'll get you a platform to dance on." I .said to Mm, " Will you." Hb said,'." I'll soon.stop that;" I said, "If you dare,to put a hand on me; I'll khook your i- 'brainsóutí'' ''(Applause.) Ipioked .up à maUét and flung : it|'at"' him with alf my might; He ran into ' ' the 1 wirig; . and told ' ; one ; of the " bosses." * : Pour of , the warders ; came ' out and asked me to go into. tbe wing. ' They asked nib very quietly and bivilly/ but. when. I got into tho wing they came,up behind, and " choked " me, until I was insensible. . Several of them"draggedi'me' up tho paséagè! to my^celli ' Fdr 'that ''offence. I received oho month's solitary confinement onT bread and water. At the termination of that sentence1 I had only three weeks of my two years to servo.j , During the two y ear s I'had boen twenty months in colls, and fed on' .'half -'rations "or ön' bread and.water. I, had become exceedingly weak," and my ohëèka had Bunk in. ' '""'' ? ''; '"' 'i:"V, '" '' !y"v'"'.' -1 TOO'' GOOD voa'THE PO'SITION. ' . i; " , : They put me - into - what ÍB ' called No. 1 yard. When there Frank Gardiner invited me into his mess. Frank .was > the'; head matmaker, arid was allowed indulgences suoh as steaks and pumpkins, and other luxuriös. Frank Gardiner was a noblo-hearted fellow. Ho was too good tobe in gaol. .Ho generously forced me to eat his:Owh rations'that. I might rocover my health, and ho ate mine. Frank Gardinor lent me a book, "The Lives of Thieves and Murderers." He afterwards said, " Joe, lam sorry I lent you that book, it may do a fellow like you harm, but if you read it carefully you will Bee that thoy all came to grief.',' ..The time carno for mo to bo liberated. While in Berrima Gaol I had read a number of booka ; not the nice moral books you are load to believe that friaonerB read., They wore oil bad booka ; BO, whon came out of gaol, I waa determined to go garroting ByBtematioally. 1 NEW LINE OF BUSINESS. My plan waa to get two or three mates to keep a sharp lookout (to keep their lampa well trimmed), while I got hold of eome " boozington,*' led him into a passage, and garroted him. I went to work accordingly. Every "boozington" I could nail I lumbered into a back etrset, and soon had him. settled, I always used to kaep ono of my mate? posted at the oora'or of Mafkot-streot and another 'at the corner of King-street. They had to give mo warning of the eipproaob, of any one, no that I oould easily moto , off .?; i-J. - ,tvr';J ''..<? v t\J '. i i-'i ; . f. ' i v,' .i after I had done the trick. I carried tlriV on for nearly, a .fortnight ¿ ,but, at last (I gptj " copped' * on suspicion of robbing a' drunken man in Hyde' Park. The night before I was ;," pinched "T noticed that the police all along Kent and Sussex etreots were doubled, il "tumbled" at once. They were all standing in the dark corners of the streets. ¡ I was "one" for them. HI wanted to ,lumber boozingtons l must do.it in another dirëo tioh. You can'easily ". best " tho police if you keep your lamps well trimmed. ^ Well,'¡they, took me and a mate on suapioion of robbing a man of ¿El,' although it waa only juBt before'that I had lifted a lushington of ¿8. .".?'.' ' ? [ THE1 INNOCENT CONVICTED. . By-and-by threo other ohaps were brought to the station on, a charge of haring robbed this man. They had been seen standing about the Hyde Park and the Domain; . When I was confined in Berrima Gaol, where Thad planned these robberies and the garrot ing, I had arranged a plan by which I could easily escape whenever I should again be arrested and charged at the courthouse. I could see how it was to be'done as easily aa "snuff." Tho next morning when I was awaiting my trial, I took off my-boots; land ooat, and asked my mate to keep his lamps trimmed. When I saw the opportunity 1 sprang over, the dook. : No ono was about, and I was soon making [my way, into .Georgo-street. Unfortunately ,fo? me, who should I meet but the very man I .had "lum bered." . He raised the alarm, and I was soon taken back. I and my mate were aoauitted. and the three iiinooont persoriB oonviotod. (Laughter.) 