THE CHIEF MATE'S TROUBLE. (FROM 1 SKIPPERS AND SHELLBACKS'— A SERIES OF STORIES BY JAMBS BUSCIMA5? ) In the autumn of 1870 I passed the Board of Trade examination fcr master after I had stayed ashore fonr months to attend a nantioal eehool. When I took my ticket nome my mother nearly cried, for her heart was full, and ehe patted me on the hack a dozen times over while she wae getting tea ready, All of oar people had been sailors ever since the family of 8oaiaby was known in the town, and I think the headstones in the cburohyard show that there have been five generations cf master ui»rinere bearing our name. One very green and rotten old toca ie in memory of Simeon Souleby, who wis drowned when the a'oop Elizbeih and Mary ran ashore south of the Pixie's Gap iu 1713, and the newest and whitest cf the set w&a; pat up for my father after be went down with bis vessel iu the January gale cflS67. It didnt seem nataral for any oee of us to stop' on shore, and so my mother knew as macih abont seafaring bnsiaeaa as her lads did, barring, of coarse, that she couldn't bake an obeervation or putt and haul. We had a girdte-oike for tea, and the old lady floored my jacket in ever so many plaees as «he kept on taming away from the fire to look at me and clap my shoulders, I never saw anybody so meddled and so proad in my life. . It would not have done for me to hurry ont tfce| fftorcoon, Ml I fidgeted a hit titt tea Was Over, cocaafs I wanted Co tell fdsry Mather how X had got on. jMary was one of the 8BHadwn, and we bad walked together irorntheilme whenl wa« an apprentice. l\ waa not Q8aai lor people in oar. position to marry until the man had passed for master ; but old Captain Mathet had told me that I should not watt for the girl a month after I had taken oom- m&nd; of a ship, and I felt .safe and joyful now. My mother at last eaid, 4 Now, honoy, ew've fashed thee long enough with my daft talk. Ga away, and get fcUscsel' made smart-like. Aw s warrant thou wants s&ir; to Bee her. Thou minded me of thy father that time when he passed, and he oame right to me, and aw'd patten my ribbons on for him to see. Eh, me 1 And thee things is bid ready, and aw bows thes a bonny new baodkereber.' I put on my new flat cap and my pilot suit, and then I went away to Mather's. There is no harm in sayiog that when £ got to the East Lane, where no one could see me, I ran as hard I could for three hundred yarda. There was no need to knock. As soon aB the gate creaked I heard a shuffl j in the op-stairs room, then two or three thumps on (he stairs, the a Mary stood on the doorstep looking white about Ih8 lipB. Old Mather declared that she cleared the Btairs in two jumps, and I am certain she had not borne down very carefully. She took me by both grmB and pulled me inside. I clean forgot the door, and she said, 1 Oh, you fond lad, they'll eee us;' but I oared very little who saw, and I should havs kissed her several times more if the skipper hadn't roared out, 4 Ahoy, there, mis tor r ; bslay, and fetch yoursel' up here sharp ! Then wo went op-stairs arm-in arm till we got to the parlour door, aud I waited till Mary had made her hair straight. Before we knocked, she put her face up to me and said, ' f oould just dance,' and the old man lifted the ' sneck' quiokly and caught us. His own oleverness pleased him so that he made the glasses rattle, as he lumbered back to his ohair shaking with laughter. All this time not a word was said about the certificate, bat they knew it was ell riqht, aud Captain Mather went on like a schoolboy — if you can imagine a schoolboy of seventeen atone weight. Wc bad some grog from a squat Dutoh bottle, and after the skipper had taken a drink that would have ehoked anybody else, he sa-d, ' Hire, mistorr ; what are you going to pay the schoolmaster ?' This was one of his jokes. I had been obliged to prepare for examination about all the lights round the ooast, so in the evenings I used to repeat them to Mary and ttaud tier cross-examination. She would say, ' Three red flashes at an interval of thirty seconds, followed by whiie flash,' and theh I tried to give her the right name of the light. Sometimes I went wrong on purpose, in order tnai I might go up and look at the bock over her shoulder, and this caused many inter raptiuua, because I never sat down without kissing her. Bat she didn't mind, and it made a lot of lan. The skipper thought he had found out a really first-rate joke when he christened his daughter the 4 school master,' aud vre laughed harder every time he oame oat with it. In answer, then, to Mr. Mather's question, I simply said, She's a tiptop sohoolmaster, captain ; and if you'll let me offer her my own self I'll say it's a good bargain for me.' He looked serious for a moment, but he replied, ' All right, sonny. My word's my bend. Get away, the two of you, out for a walk,' aud the whole business was settled without any mora words. If I were one of the sort to write poetry I should make some op abont that evening. The wind was blowing steadily from the west, and the sea lay quiet. Now and again there eame a long breath through tbe coarse grass where we strolled, and it sounded as if some body was sighing ; but neither of as sighed very much, except for happiness. The breeze caught at Mary's soft hair and blew it roand her face, so that she had to turn and go right iu the wind's eye, as I said, every new aud then, to shake back the cloncl over her broad ehcaiders. She locked splendid as her bright cheeks ehone through the tresses, aud I don't think ehe was very much vexed when she had the chance ci tossing ber head baok and eho«iug me what a fine masB of hair she had. Sie was simple enough, but ehe knew she looked well when her beautiful locks were disordered a little. The hours went on, and the ship gradually sank into tbe shadows. One by one the grey towers of canvas seemed is fade rcund the Point, and the girl said, 'Oh, my la 3, I'll have to watch jou away round there very eoon !' The night started oat of the egs, and we tamed homeward just as the hyhthouse began to shoot out its straight, red flare. In the morning I began to look for chances at once. I had as good discharges as any man need want, aud I fancied that I should get a ship directly ; but although the ownerB were very friendly, they looked rather shy at my smooth face. For a fortnight I iived among vagus promises and kindly refusals, and my money dwindled. Night after night I had to meet Mary without any good news, and my face was not cheerful, in spite of my efforts to look as if I were at ease. When the third we6k came I happened to stroll into the Turk's Head Inn, where the siilors used often to meet of a morning, and I saw a tall, well-dressed man talking to one of my friends who commanded a steamer. As I settled down at a table my chum saw me in the looklzg-glass, and turned sharply round. He said, 1 Here, Jemmy, you know the young 'una better than we do. Can yon pick us a real likely one to go ohicf mate up the Black Sea?' I asked, What's the ship f ' iL 'Barque. Eleven hundred. Hera S the boss. Captain Haler, Captain Soulsby. Now you know each other.' Haler was a bronzed fellow, with a fine hard face, and a very dear blue eye. I ®a him run me over in a. flash, and he smiled nieely when he had taken my measure. I deliberated a few secpndi, and then said, I'm your man,' My friend was surprised, and ajk< ad, ' Sha'n't you hang on a bit longer ? It a a pity to keep yonr ticket idle.' n I told him I wonld rather let the tioket lie idle than be idle myself; and the npshotwas that in ten minutes everything was_ iriued. Haler informed me tWandJtbWjpU a erew, eo I wtecb n>jw» r : , . ' c )-' ' ysSJSKi hS Mo. „5L ' Jna,p >na 1 »»» keen for nine water oaee more, thaS6phSi®d a iittl6« and I observed whiskey's thnnh h rank fast— took his Z3E3tS £ gh were not need to it andhUfc!06 WaB 0ohealthyfor a drinker, rial jSk ? steady when he lifted his said « fop! v?8 We tnrned to 8 Bway he snmLh«» u ve -ne more- I'm not right a 1\Trnm8, Here» these, and dores this time.' ihJWu d loked quietly at the captain, as thongh he were thinking 'one a puzzle ;1hn he said in a curious tone, 4 1 8ay, younc man, yon mean hn.toee. Do yon know that s yonr seventh this morning ?' 8bt al® wa® going to return an ' he only smiled in a strained eortol way.nnd «id .Oh.,ee; I'm in the Mmoni. Then he drank the feeeh glass of spirit raw. 1 didn't know the meaning of this scene at tns tune, but I am oertaia now that the man was screwing himself up, and his excited state prevented the drink from affeosing him on the spot. My mother moaned a good deal about my going away as mate again, but I humoured ner, and she soon forgot her trouble and her 8nity - in the bustle of packing my sea 0D86t« i "ar£ thing very well. She laughed to hearten me, and I remember her saying, 'It's only another voyage, and you re the same to me if you were to go before the mast again. Don't run off with so tie of them fine ladies out Bussia way, and you'll find me ready. by the quay side when you come back, if so be you don't take np yonr moorings at night-time.' The last night oame, the tug was ordered for ten in the morning, and I slipped ashore in my working olothes to have one word before we started. Mary walked half-way to the ship with me, carrying a parcel which ehe wouldn't give up till we bade each other good-bye. Then she said : 4 Now, here's a guernsey I've knitted for you all by myself. It's cold away down there, and I don't like to think of you being cold. You'll find the other things from me in your sea ohest, aad God bless you, and yon be sure, night and morning, I'll say something in my prayers for you. And now go away or I'll ory. There'll be time enoagh for crying when you're gone. Our women in the little ports are not very good at grammar, and things of that sort, bat they are praotical people, and my sweet heart was one of the best of them.' She waved her hand as she turned the corner, and £ never got the lump out of my throat till I had to swear at some of the hands. It Seemed awful to swear with the touch of her lips on me, but duty is duty. The barque looked a real dandy as she foamed along in the wake of the tug next day, and the men in the eailmakers' lofts and the building yardB oheered us when we swept past. There was plenty for me to do without thinking of sentiment; yet, sweating and breathless as I was, I had time to feel sad when the shanty-man struck up, Away down Bio.' The chorus goes Th n away, love, away, Away down Bio. O fare you well, my pretty young1 girl, bound for the Bio Grande. We were giving her the height of the top sails, and all the fellows were roaring hard at the shanty, when I saw what I wanted to S9e. My bonny was out on the end of the jetty. She looked like a lovely figurehead, for she was all as still as stone, excepting When fhs flossy brown hair lifted with the wind. There was good water by the jstty, eo I whispered to the pilot, 4 Sheer us in a bit at the jetty, Launcelot, if you can menage without shaking the tug.' Lancy glanced forward, then he winked, and the barque yawed as far as the hawser would allow, so I saw my sweetheart close, and. her face was pale. She tried a smile, bat found sh9 dare not part ber lips, She tightened them, and stared straight forward without even flat teries a handkerchief. Outside of the bar the steamer oame back on us to take off the pilot and the owner, and the barque drew very slowly ahead under the topsails. The cabin boy came forward to tell me that the owner wished to see me. I took off my cap, and went below. Mr. Haw brook, our owner, was sit ting beside tbe captain. He eaid, 4 Now, Mr. Smisby, youtaust drink good look for us all. I wish you a pleasant voyage and success to your efforts.' He handed me tbe decanter as though I. was wanted to perform some kind of religious ceremony, and I bowed and took a second mate's nip of brandy. Mr. Hawkbrcok was a very respectable man, and whenever he sent a ship to sea on a Sunday morning he went to ohapsl and asked a blessing on the undertaking — at least, that is what people used to say. Some times, when the men had to lie out on a yard while the vessel was smothering herself in wreaths of white water, the sailors would say, ' It's a pity old Jemmy Hawbrook ain't here to spend bis Sunday ;' but the folks ashore never sneered in that way, for they had a great belief in Mr. Hawbrook, and considered him an institution that the town should he prond of. t When the owner got over the side, he and the captain exchanged glances, and I don't think I ever saw anything that made mo wonder so mnoh. Sometimes in a crowd you feel compelled to look In a particular direo tion, and meet the eye of a distant person who seems to be ready for yon. It was a quiet glance of that telegraphic sort which pas Bed between Haler and his employer.; While we trine picking out way down the east coast we had spells of thick weather, and the captain showed himself as careful a seaman as r ever sailed with. The decanters- were nut a why/and no drink was brought out at any time fcxeeptlog a bottle of ale on Sunday after dinner; but the obief bad something on his mind, and, although he attended to his ork, he seemed to be always brooding. One night a great cldmsy serew oollier same blundering along through the haze, ana we had to burn flare! and yefl a goojl M before we oould get the thtekrwitted skljper to give way captain Hale showed the right shaved past he>nnd whenhe had shouted, « Where are you coming to f Why didn't ion bring yo« feme? 10 take-0are ofya ?' ad other of a 8aroaet,o nature, he proceeded to swear with a strength and finish which I S ?r? equalied even !a the coasting aJT\\-i a8 8000 .as hi8 natural instincts, to himciu' rr6 ?a.ti=fi.ed' he "8hoa, and said v !ygive me for swearing. I ended jit8' " had 8Be throagh Us nd The seoond mate thought that Haler referred to the compensation which the IZv Bfi ? thZ oIlier WOnld have been h.tft1 ?y ad ay dam»ge been done, but my notion was different. There was a kmd of despair m the words and in the captain B tone of voice which affected me After we left the Downs the weather sill remained hazy, so that the work all the way down Channel was harassing ia the extreme. One morning at four I relieved the seoond mate, and the captain went on deck with me. When he had put on his oiisfeiu he shivered and t"oed to the spirit looker. 4 We can both do with a nip,' he Baid ; and than he took half a tumbler of raw brandy at one i, ?0r hre8 more days he drank, off and on, all day, and his caution and skill as a navigator seemed to leave him. We were creeping along one afternoon, and her head lay N.N.W., when suddenly the haze luted, and we saw a long low point away on the starboard bow. Haler was standing beside me at the moment, and he said sharply, 4 Meroy ! we've fetohsd the Start, I replied, 4 No, sir. I beg pardon, but that's the Bill of Portland!' He reddened, and muttered something, and then we pot her away on the other tack. This incident rather alarmed me, for I saw perfectly well that the skipper had no idea where we were. In all my experience Inever knew such a mistake mode by any sailor mas, and I set it down to the liquor. However, when we made the run for Ushant, Haler braced himself ap again, and by the time we sighted th8 queer low rocks he was as active aud sensible as ever. We ran a little to the east to seek for a wind, and very soon we were bowling nicely along over the Western Ocean roll. The captain kept himself sober, yet he never looked like a man who was altogether i right. Nothing could have been better than the handling of the ship, but his work was done almost mechanically. Only onee I saw him eome fairly out of his depression, and then he showed what a rare fellow he must have been in his best day. It was my watoh below, and I was lying on my bunk outside the bedolothes. We were going along with a good breeze a little abaft the beam, and the captain was carrying all she would stand to comfortably. There came a curious sound ; then the vessel seemed to stop dead, and I jumped up at once. Directly I got my head olear of the companion the wind struck me witn a blow like that of a solid body ; and I saw that we were nearly on oar beam ends. A white stream of streaky water was pouring along like a cataract, and I am pretty well certain that any orew to starboard of us must have seen our keel. Haler sprang like a oat.and let the square mainsail fly ; there was a clatter like musketry, and the sail split ; but the relief did not ease her quite enough. The eaptain rushed aft, laid hold of tbe wheel, and the barque oame to an even keel In a very short while. There was no time to save our canvas, so something had to go ; we plunged hows under for an instant ; then the foresail was let fly, and then, with a tearing strain add a long rip, the maintopsail, maintopgallantsail,' and foretopsail went, and flew like scraps of paper in the screaming blast. I had to make myself very busy getting in the mainsail, and I thought some of us would lpve had our brains knooked out ; but we managed to make all snug without further harm, and when I came aft I found the skipper standing quiet and cool, with his feet hard set and his hands gripping the spokes so that his knuckles were white. Ho had stepped into the oharthouse for a minute, leaving the seoond mate in chirge, ' and the squall had swooped on us like a ghost, before the officer had time to notice anv aueer anoearanoe to the windward. Haler never lost his head for a moment, and when I went up to him he merely said, in a low, composed voice, 4 1 haven't seen one oome like that before. Get out the second suit of sails, and we'll bend them to morrow.' Next day he did as much of the sail- makers' and riggers' work as any two of us put together ; then directly the crush cf work was over, he relapsed into his sombre and melancholy mood, and went about onoe more like a sleep- walker. I often went forward daring the dog watches and smoked a pipe with the boat swain, for I bold that, though you must bustle the men around, yet a little familiarity at proper times does no harm. One evening my friend said, in a hesitating way, 4 The skipper don't seem very jolly, does he?' I replied, 4 Oh, it's his way. We all have our own ways of earrying on, you know.' Tbe boatswain bent forward and whispered, 4 Look here, Mr. Soulsby, I'm going to ran some risk. I know what disoipline is, but I've seen a thing or two in my day, and I tell you I don't like this. I onee &ailed; with a captain of the name of Weatherburn, who put us as near as he oonld in a bonny mess. Went off his head, he did, and we bad to tie htm down in his stateroom. Now, I've heard our captain jawing away to hisself, the same as Weatherburn used to do. When you're out of the way be abmetimeB keeps mutter, mutterin', and jabber, jabberin' enough to flay anybody. Last night I crept under the boat to get a look at our green light, and when I was stsndin' behind the boat peepin' over, be oomes past, and he says, says he, 4i Oh, that I had wings like a dove !" and then he says, 14 Let this cup pass from me," and that don't seem dibe tioket to me. Then another time, when I was goin' past the oharthocse I sees him kneelin', a>)d he groaned some- thin' awful. It isn't the jumps he's got ; I can tell by his eye when he's had a single tot of grog. It is worse, sir ; and now yon maybe riled, but I oan't helpipeakin'.' : 4I think there's some family trouble/Joe. He wasn't Square before ye sailed, and I'm . sometime half in the igrind to steal bi« razoirg. But don't you »ay a word about j tins again. I can't appear to be inconfi- I DOe with you ; but If anything particular I ap, stick a dab of white paint on the oreast of four guernsey frock, and I'll man&go; to gel a word with yoa-when no one sees as,' | We were very unlucky with the winds after i OM isishap in the sqsii, and we even missed the northerly breeze that usually helps a vessel down from Finistelre to the Burlings. There was plenty of bard wcrk, and while we were beating, with yards buckling like ! whalebone, and towers of water falling aboard of us forward, I envied the" ugly colliers that toiled sullenly on, without neediog to care about headnwiads and head- sea. Xbo captain attended well to his duty, bat big spirits sank lower every day, and his way of starting when he got over a fit of brooding was enough to frighten you. I was standing one very dark night just where the wind from tbe oourses cf the main sail roared down upon me, and madfe my hair wave. The darkness was full of wild noises aud strange dim shapss. The cordage shrieked and crackled, t and the timbers moaned with sharp peevish cries, like the voices of people in pain. Oar wake boiled away in a white stream that faded out of view amid the black hurly burly, and we moved on throagh a strange region whioh seemed sever to have been shone on by sun or stars. I was thinking kindly about my girl when the captain went past, bat that night I thought no mere ot home, for my superior's face mads my heart go cold. He was twisting his hands and muttering, and in the loud confusion of tbe night he groaned with a throttled sound that pierced my ear throagh all the wild elamour of winds and water. At twelve o'clock I turned in, but my nerveB would noi> let me sleep, and I felt chilly with vague fears, for I never had seen a man go on in that way, The cabin was half lit by the yeilow flame of the lamp, and the shadows swung heavily as the ship gave her long swoops down the sides of the seas. I closed my eyes and tried to compose myself, but even the squeak and souffle of the rats (which at ordinary times no one minds) nearly orazed me, and I fairly sweated. The door of my berth was fastened back, so I could easily see when anyone descended the companion. At three o'clock Captain 5al6roame down. His lips were hard pressed, and his hands were clutched like oiaws on his breast, as though he were in pain. He glanced quickly through my door, then oame in and stood over me for two minutes, while I held my breath aud got ready to grip him. I heard him say, 4 He's sure to find out,' and then he went to a table and bent over a chart, At four o'elook I made an excuse to enter the main oabio, and before speaking took one look at the chart whioh Haler was studying. It was a minute survey of the Straits of Yenikale. How he oame by it I cannot tell, but he got it from no nautical stationer in England. There are charts enough, but this one seemed to have been drawn for use in the torpedo service, so carefully was it done, and so elosely were the . eo eludings marked. When I coughed and said, 4 I'm going to relieve the second mate, sir,' Haler looked up, as he always did when his waking dreams broke, and hiB eyes for an instant had a gleam of fear and horror. He stammered out, 4 Ah ! I'm just trying to learn the trap,' and rolled the chart np. I thought to myself, 4 That's very fanny. He can't take the vessel through himself. The pilot will oome on board, and the skipper's responsibility eada right away;' and this reflection occurred to me again and again until the morning broke, and the pretty schooners could be seen careering hither and thither. In the afternoon Joo and i began to rip an old sail to bits, for we wanted oanvas to mend the hose. The other hands were bnsy forward, so I had a long quiet chat with my friend. I told him all about the chart, and about the oapiain'e wild manner, and he said, 4 There's some game on. I can't smell it out, but I shall manage it before we're up to Yenikale.' I inquired, 4 Do you fancy there's anything wrong about the osrgo ? If there is, it doess't matter. They can hardly make a total loss of us unless we get stove in, and bad weather comes away from the Azofi.' Joe shook his head, 4 There's rum work been goin' on np there fox a long time. I shouldn't wonder if old Jemmy Hawbrook had some of his devil's moves on and with this suggestive speech our talk closed, From that day until we brought op off Kertsoh bar we spoke no more abont our suspicions. The agent came off, and I did not fancy the look of him at all. He was a flashy Greek, with a oarneying voioe, and an unpleasant trick of stroking one's arm as be spoke. I bate those soft ways, and I oould have struck him when he laid his hand delicately on my elbow, 4 Yon won't have to lighten much, captain,' he said. 4 We've got the ohannel nioely deepened now, and you can tow throagh eaBiiy. I'll stay on board till we're up.' We were waiting for the lighters to oome off, and the dusk had f allss. The agent and oaptain were down below, when I stole quietly aft with bare feet. Somehow I knew I should hear something, and sure enough in passing the open skylight I heard Haler say, 4 1 tell you I sha'n|t stay on deak while it's done. I'll manage the shore business, and I'll put the report to the in sulate right, but nothing else. It's killing nef' 4 Fiddle, oaptain, fiddle ! You're tender hearted. Do as you like, however. Mora will do the triok easy enough. Let's go and talk in the charthonse. I'm afraid one of your officers may oome in on us and oatoh one word too much.' I saw it all. The Greek pilot was to pnt as on the ground, Captain Haler was to make a report, and then a. ruffianly set of salvors would olaim a tremendous earn to bs paid by the insurance elubs. I thought of my people at home. I knew that I couldn't be blamed, yet ateint always .clings to any officer who has sailed in a vessel that got ashore, and the look seems to remain in a queer way. How oould I face my girl again if | was mixed up in ahqngle ? I ran as hard as I could forward, beckoned Joe, and made him spread the boat's lug sail ever me as I lay on the roof of the oharthouse. I hardly got my breath quieted down when the e&psain; and the Levautine came silently forward, and, -sitting down in the gloomy little hut,, began a low, earnest con versation. - Haler's voioe said, 4 And how mnoh does Leonides olaim V 4 You must pay him £8,000, and the officials will pass your report ail right. You draw a bill on London; the bank will dis count it at abGQt four ; - then you pay Leonides, and he and our sweet friend Haw brook will arrange about dishing the clubs. I pay you £500, and the rest is out of your hands.' the flaent interpreter went on with several other particulars, and I saw that the owner, the righteous Hawbrook, was in league with a set of the fellows who stole £200,000 worth of British property in three months, Vessels are shoved ashore by the pilots, the oaptain is beset by a gang of salvors ; he is afraid of losing his vessel, and he pays an enormous sum to get her lightened and towed off ; then the money is extracted from the insurance societies, and the thieves divide. My saintly owner was in league with the pirates, and his oaptain had agreed to put the barque into the hands of a salvor, who paid Mr. Hawbrook liberally for giving him a monopoly of plunder. Only the olubs suffered from this arrangement, and the business was so cleverly transacted that Mr. Hawbrook's reputation for extreme piety never suffered. I was stiff and cold when the rascally dialogue ended, but I slipped forward got into Joe's berth. I told him all about the aifir, and we agreed to take the second officer into confidence. My own plan was formed, and when I detailed it the good sailor eaid, 4 It's yon that's the one to plan things out, Mr. Soulsby ; you're a real nailer.' Weil, the pilot came on board, and we moved over the long, desolate etretohes of pa!eeoloured water. Mr. Pilot was un armed, and I looked him over very carefully to see what the chance would be if H oame to rough-and-tumble work. I had taken my own precautions, and I never went a yard away from the fellow alter the tug bad once drawn us ahead. Suddenly for away on our starboard bow I saw a clump of barges and a second tug. Oar captain turned pale and said, 4 I'll take a look below, pilot, I suppcs3 jou know your way about ?' The worthy Greek grinned. I noticed we were edging to starboard, and I said sharply, 4 Now, Joe !' Tffie boatswain ran down below, found the captain in his stateroom, looked him in and mounted guard with a handspike. ' The second mate cut away the pilot's boat very quietly, and I jumped right at my man collared him, and put my revolver to hfo head. Then I said, 4 Don't you shove her another yard that way 1 If she touches, I fire, and take my chance. I know what you are up The men on the tug waved as we went past, for the place of our stranding bad been arranged with preoiaion ; but I had my man like a rat in a trap, and I kept him covered till he was pretty well f rinting. The men were with us, and Oaptain Haier was lying as Joe observed, 4 groanin' and rammin' his . head in the sofa cushions.' I n®ve? Blackened till we were clean throagh the worst of the channel, and I took no sleep till I had my mind quite easy. Luckily there was an English gentleman at Yenikale, who had come out on behalf of the clubs, and I at Gnce went to meet him. He said, 4 Well, young man, you must leave your vessel here. I'm going to take you overland with mo, and I shall have the boat swain and the second mate as well. They can get the ship home after ehe has discharged, and you must break your articles. You've made your fortune, I can tell you. Now I am going aboard with you.' Joe's faoe waB very white when he lent os a hand up the ladder. 4 Wfao08 h0ttick'' Baid the boatswain. 4 The Bkipper. See here,' and he showed us a scrap of paper, on which waB written, 4 1 kept my honour till now. I was distressed for money, and I agreed to join a r&soally; conspiracy. I am about to die.' So poor Haler had taken his own life. He was a man all over, and I oame near regret ting him, _ . i We went home via Odessa and Berlin, and for weeks we were kept 4 bottled np ' at an hotel, and croEB-examined by solemn com mittees. At tbe finish the ohairman said, 4 1 am desired to present you, Oaptain Sonlsby, with £500, and I think I may personally say that I shall offer you the command of the first of my own vessels that needs a captain. Your evidence is not sufficient to punish the principal In the frand, bat it is sufficient to deprive him of bis membership. You'll be glad to hear that we have forced Mr. Hawk- brook to send a man of our choosing to bring the barque home, and we've got the whole nest of pirates pretty well in hand.' That nfght my mother walked with me to Mather's, and when the door was opened the old woman said, 4 Eh, hinny » Aw've hrowt thee round thy good man an.', his money, and aw'll just kiss thy canny foos and get away.' 