MRS. LEAVirrS MISSION. Mrs. Mary Clement Lcaviti, who, for some years past, has represented the Gospel- Temperance Union of America, -will arrive from Tasmania this evening iu connection.i^vitli'.mission work, which she -wiir'commencc^^ next. - Mrs. '.Jjeayitt-iias cavried on ;most 'suSssfiil:^ •Itfew'Zealahd,^ portant cent res, find in ..each lias-achieved most Satisfactory results. Mrs. Leavitt will retnain only one we'ok in Melbourne, as .other engagements call her away to Sydney. The week's mission is under the auspices of the Young Women's Cliristiau Association and the Blue Ribbon Temperance Uniou. Mrs. Leavitt will meet workers i.i the Y.W.C.A. rooms Assembly Hall, to-morrow evening at 7.30 o'clock, -when a short address will bo delivered oil the coming mission. It is earnestly desired that all interested in g03pcl temperance work will attend the meetings to be held next week. Mrs. Leavitt during her stay will be the guest of "the Hon T. Ham, who has evinced much interest in the causc. 'The following are the arrangements for the mission. On Sunday, 21st March, Mrs. Leavitt will conduct sevviccs ai follows :— Morning 11 a.m., Wesley Church, Lousdale-street, subject, ' The Body, the Temple of the Holy Ghost;' afternoon 3 p.m., Temperance. Hall, Russell street, subject, ' Address to Young Ladies ;' for whom scats will be reserved ; evening 7 p.m.' Theatre Royal, 1 Sir, wo would see Jesus.' Throughout the week the following addresses will be dolivercd, commencing at eight p.m., iu tho Temperance ilall, Russell-street:— Monday, 22nd March, 'The Woman's Crusade and Women's Christian Tompcrance Union in America ; Tuesday, 23rdMarcb,' Drink and Grime ' Wednesday, '-Mil: March, ' Liquor Traffic in tho Colonies;' Thursday, 25th March, ' Success of Prohibition iu America ;' Friday, 2Gth March, ' Woman, Her Rights, Wrongs, and 11csponsibilitics,' Afternoon meetings will be held each day, at three otdook, for Ladies only. Tuesday, 23rd March, ' The Moral Education of the Young ;' Wednesday; 24th March,' Social Purity; 1 Thurs-. rlay, 2nt.ii March, ' Alcoholism and Heredity ; ' Friday, 2Gth March, 1 Organization •of: the. Womon's Qh'riatian Temperance Union.' :'Ou Saturfay afternoon," ,27ih: School Children at 3 p.lu. All Sunday Schools are invited to attend. On Sunday, 2Slh March, Mrs. Loavitt will give Addresses in the loading churches, particulars <>C which will be announced by advertisement in daily papers, Collections will bo taken at all meetings to defray expenses of the Mission. The Blue Ribbon Choir under the conductorship of Mr. G. A. Broadbcut, will render selected hymns during tho meetings. 