novelist. PUT ASUNDER: OB LADT CAST-LEMAINE'S DIVORCE. By BERTHA M. CLAY, ACTHOB Of ' HIS OKE MISTAKE,' ' THHOWK OS TUB WOBLD,' 'A STItTJOGLE FOR A ntEQ,' ' A BITTEH ATONEMENT,' ETC. CHAPTER XSXVII.-(COKTIKDED. Isabal appeared at breakfast, bo did Lord Castlemaioe. They spoke little. Rudolph shrugged his shoulders when be fonnd tail wife would not be at breakfast. Lord Castle maine did finally say to Isabel : ' Toa Bay yon dislike Colonel Lennox. Why do yon tolerate him, as you did iBBt ntgnt, oy treating him as yon do other men 7' 'Ton forget,' said Isabel Hyde, gently. ' that I cm not a leader in society. I have no one to support any stand I may make. My aunt thinks I one her a hoavy debt of gratitude for maintaining me here for two seasons, and the only way I can pay that debt is by aiding her in every way which ebe requires to make her borne agreeable and bar entertainments a success. I cannot take an independent course. I wish I oonld.~~A.nd then, tso, I may not know about Colonel Lennox all the evil that yon knqw of him, for there may be many things that would* not be mentioned before me.' , 'That is very true.' Mid Ossllemaine; . thinking suddenly that possibly his wiia might be as innoaent of these scandals as Miss Hyde was. ' At the came time,' added I»sbcl, hastily, ' you have h;en my kind, faithful friend. I respect your opinion above all things, and it you tell ma that yon think I ehonld ignore Colonel Lennox, I should oeitainly endeavour to do bo in every way in my power.*' The letters were brought in. Lord Castle matne took up his, and as he asked leave to open it be wished that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable a temper as JIi;a Eyde. 'Miss Hyde,' he said, 'prcseotly, 'I am called to Nealh on business of much import anoe; I must catoh the next train. Eiuhua my absence to Gertrude ; say I will return to morrow. He hastened from the breakfast- room, and soon left the house. Isabel wrote a little card to L idy Oaellc maine, laid it with her letters, and pave thro: to Fanny to take to her mistress. In n short time Fanny earno to say that Lidy Cts'.le mains desired to see bliss Hyde. Isabel found ber still in bed, nor letters scattered aboul the eonnterplne. ' Bo Budolph has rushed off to Naath?' ' Yea. Are you going to wear the willow Intbatbenalt?' ' No I But truly, Isabel, he is so dicta ? torial, so unreasonable, that I do not know what to say or do. I leel as it I lived on the ride of a volcano, or in wretched earthquake lands. Now here, my mother ba? written. She is not jo well. She cannot leave Tlath, and she has ber business to do, and baa gent for l£r Grimheld, our solicitor; tut then the business cannot be done unless she seei. me, end she desires me to come down, this after noon, lac three days. Now, if I go right off, who knows but Rudolph will go into another ? tory over, (hat?' '? Of oourae lie oould not. He would not be jealous of your mother. Nothing can to more proper than to go to ber ; you can take Fanny. There is no question abont it. Tour mother \- needs you. She may Ua more ill than she eayo. I should be anxious, were 1 in your plaoe.''^' ? ' ' And you tlflnk that I should go ?' ' Certainly. There will be a train at four o'clock, from Common street. I rpsot several monthg at Bath, with Aunt Cresson.' 'jyill you oome with me, Isabel? You would not wish to stay here without me, and you might M well ^go to i Bath as to your Aunt.' ' ? ?' Certainly I will go,' if you desire it.' 41 Well, then, ring for Pansy. I will have her pack my things, and I will write a note to . Budolpb, inclosing my mother'* letter. * We go at tour. I almost think I will enjoy it; it will be a change, and Rudolph will h*vo time to oome to hie senses.' The letter to ber husband was ot the curteBt. Gertrude was yet deeply angered at what ehe considered the inexcusable attack ot the previous evening. To out short her pleasure, her pretty social triumph with such furious, ?' jirnal vrnrAm I White Oarlrude wrote her letters, break lasted, and had some tali with her house keeper, babel went quietly to tbe nearest telegraph office and sent this dispatch to Colonel Lannox: ' Q. and t go to Bath, to Lidy Craven, for three days. We take the 4 P.M. train.' An hoot after Colonel L-nnox received this be took the train to Charing Cross ctatioa for Ipswich— a jonrney of which be took especial pains to inform his iciwas. At tour the next tbe next mprninR be reached Bitb, by a train from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a *ounda6out tour, which tbe colon&l; took with vast delight. ?. ? ?? An evening with her mother, recounting all -social new, and all the events of the season, restored Gertrude's spirits. Ltdy Oraven'e illness ware evidently, most of them, tanoied, ana she was looking fresher tbsn «ver. By autumn the little fiction, of iU-hsalth would ail be done away with. In the morning she insisted that Gertrude and Isabel must go out tor ? walk, ana to drink the waters. Mr. OrimheldwsBnottooome iir business talk nntdlonj o'clock lunch. Lidy Craven waaori terms ol gr^t friendliness with her Jar/er, whom she hod known since her eeoond gM*p,i»lTty- W fees tof tqufcatf'* warmest friend. Gertrude had been «ecua tomed to rcgud the lawyer almost as one of her family, and it bad been pleasing to her that he was also in oharge of the affairs oi the Castlemaine estates, and highly regarded by her husband. Soireely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they were joined by Colene Lennox, who met them, drying joyously : 'This tB an unexpected pleasure.' ' It certainly U qnexpectad,' said Gertrude, as she gave him her band. ' I am on a sadden sommons from.my mother. As I slid before, you meet oi as it you were inspired by a tejl-tale bird or a familiar spirit. Whiob u ' If we were either, tbe genius shonld have my deepest gratitude, eoid Colonel L;nnox, with a glanoe at Isab'sl, unseen by . Gf rtfude. 'And, pray, when did yon oome?' asked Ieabel, calmly. 'Bay before yesterday. I heard that an old friend, a major of my regiment, was here siok. There is a etrong fraternal feeling among officers, yon know, and I came here directly I left Ltdy Craven's tableaux. Very charming, were they not ? I recall them with joy. I never raw anything so beautiful. We had poetry, painting, and sonlpture all together— a trne eouc-fetst. I ahall reotll it in. distant wilds and jungles or deserts, many a time, doabtless. The flower show here is just 6pening, and is said to have some very remarkable orchids. Will yon visit It V They. lingered among the. flowers nntil twelve/ and Colonel Lennox escorted them to Ltdy Craven's dcor. Both Ieabel and Qertrnde retrained from mentioning whom they had met. Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had, in taot, tnown for somo time that a disreputable old major of his acquaintance |wos trying, with Bath water, to restore a system destroyed by. brandy, but be bad no idea ot visiting him until he found that he oould make him a ' And how have you spent the morning 9' asked tbe major. 'Most ehancingly. I met Miss Isabel Hyde, a brunette, who drove London society quite wild two seasons eicce, and yetreigos 'in maiden meditation, fancy, free.1 And, also, Lady Gertrude, who crowned her firs season by marrying the Earl of Castle maine.' 'I know,' said the major,' eagerly; 'a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys the income from the estate, but the entire property of her father wil revert to the daughter, . Ah I Castlemaine was in rare luok always. He bad all thai, fortune could give him in his own behalf, and gets what tbe French call an enormous dot with his wife He'll have it all.' ' No t if he happens to die before his mother in-law,' said Lsnnox. 'Not much likelihood; a young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior.' ' Or if be should happen to— get divorced,' eaid Lennox, 'before h'u motlier-ia-law died, fa that case (he lady would inherit in ber own behalf.' ' Divorced I' oried the major, with a roar oi laughter. ' Tou don't eeem to know that that was 8 love matab, aod that Xiidy Castle maioe, as Miss Craven and as Lady Castle nuioe, is a' true model of propriety. The Scow Q jeen— the White Rose, they Bay.' ' No doubt— no doubt ; but modern society is so queerly constituted, and social life has now so many fantastic ways, one never knows what may happen.'.' ' Especially when such men as you are let loose on society, L:nnox,' said the major, enceringly. A nui uu, uuuikibu VUJUUK feUO U4SMB. maine set,' said the colonel, coldly, changing the conversation. Lord Castlemaine returned home to find bin wife and Isabel absent ; and the oold note of Gtttiade, containing the letter of her mother, explained tbe absence, bat did not comfort his heert. Going to dine at bis club, he heard Colonel L°nnox mentioned, with the news that he had gone to Ipsirich, and, also, that his regiment might at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castleinaioe felt tempted to foment wars and diro irds abroad, so that by the withdrawal of a dangerous element he might hare peace at borne. Gertrude returned at the time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly wide ; tho coldness be tween the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, in tbe highest spirits. There were no more looks of tender love, eager confidences, true, heart felt compliments ; oloh heart was wounded ; eaoh one felt the other the most to blame, and neither proud heart would bend to blame itself. In another month they would go to Neath for a rest, after the excitement ot the season. To that Lord Oastlemaine i secretly looked for ward. He would have bis wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive ness mightfollow. He did not wish even Isabel invited to accompany them. Lacy Gordon gave a garden party. Her garden-parties were considered the very crown ing f estivitiesof the season— the lovely grounds b;cune a tree arcadia. ?' Ieabel was charming in pink and puffed tulle ; but what was Isabel in comparison with he bmutiful Lady Oastlemaine, in a drees of the fainlest'sbaae of blue, trimmed with white water-lily buds in her gulden hair, water-lilies half opan about hsr enowy shoulders that out gleamed the flowers, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from ber diinty waist, along the ehimmering fold) to her feet. Lord Oastlemaine's heart grew very tender to so much beauty. They bad been together t. then ftiends had culled each one away. Sud denly Lard Caetlemaide met the two friends whom he had overheard talking in tbe club hense, end the eight of them always re minded him oi the culpable carelessness of husbands. . / He turned to find bis wife. Ho went here and there, finally he saw her. Evergreens nrmpA u /riftilA ?mnnld fnnntain Tti that seclusion and ooolnoee, lie beard tits wife's sweet tooeo mingling with the plash ol waters. ? She sat on tbe marble basin ot tbe fountain, and was idly floating in the water a lily Bhe ?eld in her own white band. She was look ing np and obattio'g with some one, who bent over ber with evident admiration In every line ofhlsfaoe. ' That man Wis Colonel L°nnox, CHAriER XXXVfn. A cnmis or fat*. When Lord Coetlemaine saw the pair by. the fountain, he was wild with jsalops rage.' That any man should dare look en his wite with suck adoring admiration j The fact was, tat. Gertrude bad become eooustomei to Colonel Luinox's adoring, passionate ?gazi, and merely considered it ''his way of look inp,' without considering what it meant. His first impulse was to fpring forward, seies his wife's hand, and lead her away— sway from the garden-party, airay (ram X«n-' don, away from BogUnd I Bat Lotd O««tle mams belonged to a class »hfob, hoireverhot may be Its passion, is cchopled4n jeltoon trol; xepression, decor nm,. these were his earliest lessons. HeehecVedaimseUamonient to take bisbrealh— to become master ol him self. In that moment the Duke ot Porleea, with Lady Gordon on his »rm, stepped bom the circle ot evergreens and stood .before the countess and the colonel. . ' . \- Lnrd Castlemaine was not near enough to ?ear what was «aid ; but time ue Mttonl that have a dear voice. After the interchange of a few Mntenaes, Lady- Gsrdon Uid ber bud on the.oolonel'* arm, «nd they moved onl ot eight, while »h^Pl*rfI-«r-if«mwVBhi«a^tP.Oerfrttdel «nd they directed their steps towirts the con servatory. ? ?? - ' ? Lord Cistlemaino anaeretood it all. The oonoactot his wife was'iriving rise to oom taeht and easpfcfon j htif Gordon bad inter vened to save the imprudent Gertrude from her own folly; the Jatherly did duke was quietly defending Lidy Cietlem&ine; from a 'dsngerons man. Bidolph'g heart bumf d hotly. His wife in this terrible position I Bulbs must control himself; they were near him, The eyes of husband and wife met. His flamed incllgna. tioh ; hers shot aefianee. Posaibly tbe good duke saw these signals of warfare, &nd; so threw himself into the breach. 41 Ah, Oastlemaioe I' he oried, 'your wife has honored me by going with me to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron; it took the price at the show in Russell Square last week ; therefore, it is the finest rhododendron ? in London, in England, in all the world; and we go to pay onr homage to it. I do not wish to resign my*£ir partner ; age is now graced by. beauty. Wai yon oome with nt, or are yon«tiseed with tbe company sheiein?' Itord Castlemaine bowed low. ' ?ftltr- «* aoald dot be in beKer^ompany than she la In tioic.' fiertrnue understood him. He had ceca her with Lennox. The hand on the duke's ?rm trembled A little, and her bosom heaved quioklv. She wished that sha were alone, that she might burst into angry tears. :8he was, then, watched, spied, condemned! There wonlff follow further, scenes of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. Sue preferred peaoe, but a peace in which she might have her own way. Either than yield to injustice, to in dignities, to arbitrary rules, she would quarrel .to the bitter ena. Probably a beantiful rhododendron was never looked tin with more wandering and less admiring eyei. Lord Caetlemaine with drew from the frequented walks; he could not bear to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave .himself up to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed eohoeing con demnations of the folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for one headstrong againat counsel, lenient to rice, careless of lier own dignity? He did not know that only the first of these charges held good against Ger trude. Lidy Gordon came and placed herself at bis side ; she Uid ber hand on his arm. 'Ton look sad, my friend?' - Lard Castlemtine knew that she had some thing to eay, and if this subject must be opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman ol no id julgjisac, iu*u with any other. ' I am sad,' he said. ' I am bitterly dis appointed, much perplexed.' \- 'The task of guiding a beautiful wife, so young as yours, through the quicksands of modem society is not an easy one,'- said Lady Gordon. 'Sou mast remember that what makes it so hard is the very thing we most admire. Innocence, inoapabte of wrong . doing, ignorant even of what wrong is ; Bim plioity aod frankness that oonoaal nothing — these make Gertrude's danger.' 'To think that my wife eanld be in danger I' ' Not in danger of any wrong doing, be lieve me, but ot oiiticism and slanderous tongues. Tou should warn her against Colonel Lennox. He is paying ber very pointed attention, and she doei not know it.' ' I have warned her in the strictest manner, over and over.' 41 It is a. groat pity,' said Lidy Gordon, 'that modern soolsty admits freely men whose slightest attentions arc dang^rons to finv Snnnnant vnnna tn&lrnnn; ILnA mftidMIH. All eaoh evildoers should be banished; but they are not, and no one of me is brave enough to begin a just system of blackball ing.' ' Then, as such men cannot be banished, the only thing that remains ie to take the unfortunate women that they mature to admire out of their way.' ' I think tbet is the best plan. By the next season he will no doubt be gone, and ehe will have gained experience.' ' 'I have thought of going at onoe to Neath.' ' I should do so. I hive pnsied these idle hints unheeded, ai nothing*; thongh I did think it a little reckless of Gertrude to ask a man like Lsunox to a garden lonohcon. I have heard, too, that he has said be should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped that Lidy Castlemaine would honor him by pre siding. But when I heard that he followed her to Bath, it really seemed to me to be going too far.' ' To Bath I' faltered Lord Cistlemainc, his heart growing cold. ' 41 A friend of mine wrote that he saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonel Lennox. I thought as the news had so oome to me, it might equally have reached others, and leat idle tongues should begin to talk, when I found he had wandered off alone with her! I went and took bim away.'- « I thank you.' But the tone of these words mads Lady Gordon tremble. 41 1 beg ypnr pardon, my friend,' she eaid, 41 remember that in such a case great gentle ness is needed as great firmness. I assure you, your wife is as pure and simple as a ohild. You must be tender. I should have had my eon ruined, if to great firmness, I had not known how to add patience and tender ness.' ' 'All do not possess those graoioas quali ties,' said Lord Oastletnaine. 'They must cultivate them. They are indispensable. Ton must seek them, my friend. Tod will repent all harshness. Be gentle.' Bimsmber, also, 'that every good and perieot gift is from above, and eomoth down from the Father of light'.1 ? ? Pressing Lord Castlemaine'e hand, Lady Gordon moved off among her guests. Lard and Indy CasUemtine were the first to take leave. ' I do not wish to go,' said Gertrude, pettishly. 'I am enjoying myself. Isabel is not ready. Send the carriage back for us.' ' Isabel can be left under the onaperonsge dI her aunt I desire that you will accompany me at 'once.' Nat a word was Epoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Oastlemaine said : 41 Gertrude, will you kindly oome to the library? I wish to speak with yon.' ' 'losnnet. I am tired.- I muBt go and change my dress.' 'That can wait. I insist upon you ooming, to hear what I have to say.' ' With a haughty step Gy trade entered tbe library, and threw herself into a chair. ' Well ?' ehe said, sharply. 'Gertrude, yon have not regarded my wishes about Colonel Lennox.' 41 1 treat Colonel Ltnnox jast as I frost others. He is nothing to me.' - ? 41 1 do not wish him treated as others. He is unworthy of it.' * ' ? ' . ' I cannot make myself absurd by varia tions of conduct, as it I thought any acquain tance was of any consequence.' 41 Tou could regard my wishes if yon would. ' By neglecting them you are making yourself the subjeot at suspicion and of the most unpleasant remarks. The Duke of Portssa -no Lidy Gordon were to-day obliged to make evident -ffort to save my wile from' teandals and me from disgrace i' : Gertrude flushed orimson. ? 'What do you mean?' she cried. 'loan lake care of myself t Who.dares speak harshly pf me fl i ' ' Tory many envious tongues, and yea are affording them eauee. Ton. are no more japable ot taking s»re ot yourself than a child o»» Get of M» nursery. Ithoo-qt you were —you are not. You have deceived me. Ton met Colonel Lennox at Bath/' 41 1 know I did I' cried Gertrude, ' jast as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; be went before I did. Isabel and I met him by chance at the gardens, and he walked to my mother's door with us.' (She retrained from mentioning other meetings at Bath ; wby add fuel to the flame 1) ' How dare you say I deceived you ? So you not know that I scorn a lie and all deoeit? I tell you it was mere accident, that meeting.' \- 'Since yon ssy so I believe it, on your part, but not on his. It was no Occident bis being invited here to lunch.1' ' I did not mean to do that,' said Gertrude. ' It was an accident in a way- But why should I not invite him? He is a man that I like. Other people like him, and. invite him; wby should your jealouB ill-temper put a constraint on my most innocent sots?' ' I am appalled at you, Iblnsh for you) ' cried Lord Oastlemaine. ' Colonel Lennox f e a man of bad character and bad life ; will you sot believe what I say (o you, again and agein?' ' I believe that yon believo, but I do not ?believe it is eo. Prejudice has 4-Uaied you. I see other people receiving and approving him ; I ceo the queen honoring him ; I hear him express the noblest sentiments ; I know thatiicisahero; I ? ' 'Enough!' cried Lord Castlemaine, in fnristed. ' I would not hsve believed that you could think or say soeh things. We go to Neath to-morrow morniDg. I will save my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at onco? ' 'No, I -will not I 'cried Gertrude. 'I will not be dragged off like a criminal ; I will sot be shut up like a manias. IJiavo engagements to Ibe dose of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, and we cannot cIobs our doors to her. Tou will make me the talk of society.' 41 Tou are fast making yourself that,' said Lord Oastlemaine, angrily. ' If yon willnot give the order to your maid, I must ; for we (ball leave in the ten o'clock train tomor row. As tor Miss Hyde, she oan go to ber aunt, or ask an invitation tarn Lady Gordon. Lidy Gordon, at least, will understand why we go.' 11 It my mother were heio I would go to her, and free you of responsibility for me,' cried Gertrude. ' Hnebuds cannot be freed from responsi bility in suoh a way,' said lord Oastlemaine. 41 1 should not allow you to, stay in London. It is my duty to remove you from scenes of temptation and danger, in which you evi dently do not know how va guide yourself. Will you give your order to Fanny ? ' 'Decidedly I will not.' Lord Oastlemaine rang the ball for the butler. 41 B?bert, you will send 4 page with a tele gram to Neatb, saying thit we leave for there in the ten train to-morrop, and will remain there for tbe rest of tbe lanrmor. Tou will arrange with the housekeeper for closing this hou°.e for the season at-aice. Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leav ing ; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's w&rdroba; for im mediate departure, and havo all ready for the morning train, if she has to work all night. We will have no delave.' The butler bowed. H- was too discreet to look at his lady ; but bub was standing in apparent indifference, looking out into the garden. When the butler had gone she turned to leave the room. 41 Is there anything else you wish, Ger trude ? ' saidLord Ciatlemainef in an unfortu nate attempt to carry out Lidy Gordon's pro gramme ex geatieactg. ' I wish nothing,' said Gertrude, with pan. sion, ' except that I bad never seen you. Toll have disappointed me. ' Tou are cot as I thought you. Tou are my enemy. Tou are cruel and delight in mating me wretched, I wish I had retained my/freedom. You tale pleasure in shoving mo that I am no belter than your clave. At leatt a slave can exercise the right of hating the (main 1 ' Sho left the room with these worca. Sbe was swept away in a frenzy of passion. In ell her life ehe bad been[pe(Scd and indulged, and if her mother hod desired her to purcus any esprcial course, it had been craftily arranged so as to ecomldictated by bxrsoU. Hera was tbo first instincts of reproach, of correction, of oendemnatfen that nhe had ever known. And she had'bren attacked in a point where ebe felt berfeelE so innocent, e.i above &U; challenge. Bid Bhe not alwaje rebuffed the complimenls[of the colonel 1 Had be ever been asked to her.home except to that one tea, and to that falalilunsh, when Isabel really had invited him ? ,'Had «he not alwojt loved! ec i admired her buebaud, and had sbc ever in tho slightest thought at her heart given him cause for jealousy t And bow she was to be made the puppet ot his jealousy, toy of the Caetlemaine temper I Bhe hurried to ber boujoir and looked her self in, without stopping to take off her festal splendors, where the wateV-lilks wero already drooping and fading over the ebcen of the ?ilk. ! CHAPTEE XXXIX. KO DOME IVIIEUE dXABT IS KOT. Night brings counsel, j When first Gertrude went to her room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futile schemes. Bhe would send a telegram to her mother and make ber oome quickly and open her own bouse in Portman Square, and take her daughter home. Bnt the knew that Lady Craven wonld not do that. Lady Craven abhorred scandals, of all things. She would not be a patty to her daughter breaking op ber married life and home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when ehe nude ber daughter a countees.and she would consider it a very small thing to saorifioe an acquaintance, and a little BoU-wiU, tor the sake'of tbe doronet and the splendid position of thsCastlemaines. Then Gertrude wished she might run away and lose herself to every one whom ebe had known. She had read of people -who lived quietly in littto, unknown lodgings, and went and come as they obose, who had no one to molest 'them, and lived in humble neacc. Sbe recalled tbe pitiful words of Anne Bsleyn : 11 1 swear 'iis better to be lowly bom, ? And range with humble lovers in content, Than to be perked op in a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow.' Vox more than two hours tetrode pursued in all its mazes this dream ot disappearance and B lowly lite. Poverty she had never knows, even tar off, and it had no terrors for ber. - It was a vision and a plan that after ward proved uttetly disastrous to her. Fanny was busy in the adjoining rooms, maklcg ready for the departure. Gertrude finally composed her appearance, and called the girl to aid ber in changing her drees. Bhe would give rice to no eurmtses and impertinent discussions among servants, and if she finally concluded on any $Ian, ehe must be calm and strong to carry it out. At dinner-time sho went down, oold and etately.bat her husband had left word that he should dine at hfs club. Isabel came inning Sn, all alert. ' Gertrude 1 why aid you leave eo early? Wereyouill? * 14 No— quite the contrary— Buoolph wished it.' 'What* pity. It was such a delightful party. I made quito a oonquest ol an old Indian nabob— he bad been married to a begum with no end of treasures, and she died and he possessed ell. It I felt quite eure he would follow co laudable an example, I would possibly, take his came for a tittle white, to have his rupees lor a long while. Bat, Ger trude, why are you co p-I« «nd doll? ?on are ill; and I seem to hear tbe stir ot preparation in the house— th« breaking np of a camp. What does it mean ? ' 4 It means,' said Gertrude, with repressed patiFion, ' Uiat Lird GasUematne sees fit to break np here, witbont warn inp, and order tbe household down to Neath to-morrow morning. I »m very ecrry tor yon, Italic]. It is most disgraceful cf na lo ricom-nodo yon In (bis ray. Tou do net wifh to go home until tbe cWe cf (he reason. Vou Bill sot want to go to Lidy Cresfpn.' ' My (tared 1 I am disturbed, not an my account but jour*. I can go to Miss AUerton fhe hes Bfkcd me repeatedly, and I am to be her first, bri!(8 naid you know, as I vas yourr. It 13 unlucky for a fiirl ta be fiut brides maid ottcn ; i-he is never bride.' 1 Sj tauch tho bitter for her I' cried Ger-. trade wi!b emotion. 41 My dearest ''said I«b-l, taking her hand, and osrcssirjg'it. 'I am so grieved for ycu. I understand thi*. It it Castlemaine pride, and Casflemaine jpalousy. Bnt the itcihod is mcduoval. I had no idea this Lord Castlcmaice would follow the example of his ancestors.' '- Wuat example do you man ?' 'Why, do you not know? Are you so little read to jhe traditions of your ancient family.' 'It is not my family. I believe I hate antiquity and pedigree.' 'So do I, always except in Ibe directions cf old lace and hereditary jewel?. Bat the insttncoB nro tbesp, Charles V. looked approvingly at a Led; Oaitlemaine— not that sue ever saw the lock— but the lord and master promptly oarried her off to Neath, and there garrisoned himself with her in safety, till, ihe period ot their joint lives. Another Lidy Castlomainc, ot a musical taste, admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, jou know, as we would admire a good organ or prsa blv a mus;cbox, and the also was swept iff to Neatb, and ehe never oame back. For her no more opera, or theatre, or ball, or garden p&rty;, or high (ea.or tableaux! Poor «ou), ebe might bstter have died and done frith it ? Why did she not take a dole of poison, or an ? aspic,' like Cleopatra,' 'If either cf them had any sense, when they were tired of captivity, they might have run away ard bidden themselves.' ' There were no railroads in those days, tier steam vessels to tbe Continent, or to tbe other eide of the world. My dear Gertrude, if ycfu mean to resort to euoh desperate iceceures, ley by you a noble etore of pin money and j'wels, for in this age even a lu roinc cim.ot lire without cash.' Dinner was served. In tbe centre of tbe table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs ; tbtir perfume filled all the room. ' White lilacs so late in the season I' oried Isabel, and running to the tBble, she bent over, drew the centre-pioGe to ber, and buried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass. ' Flowers 1 Bowers 1' ehe whispered, ' you ue my wHneaecB. Am I not keeping my ' vow? A little lonser, and all will be done I' 1 S'.iortly after dinacr Gartrada excused her- J self to Isabel and went » her room. A little ' Iztir IjsrA Cistlemaine came in, and finding c Isabel in the drawing-room, explained as well ! as ho could the sudden departure . ' II Ptay don't speak of it. I think you are ' very wise. Tou are doing just right. I will go to Mies AUerton. I have sent her a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, so safe, so eweot, so noble I Nothing to do hut be goad and happy. Ah, If I had a home like Neat j, [ think I ehonld asli no thing better than to live there all the time ; ' doing good to my tenantry ; miking tho caun- * try b;ttcr and happier, and upbu lding the * glory of an illustrious historic name.' iMguiurougac counsel, ueriruaesawpiainiy that her own dignity required that Bhe should go qafetly to Neath. II she made any esea paae;, it must be when driven to greater ex tremes. As for Lord Castlemnine, bis heart had groxn spatbetio with excess of bis musing. He did not know that be was misjudging his youcg wife. Tho lovely fabrio ot his hope and sff^'ticn sscined to hive fillen in rains about him. The future was hopeless— the pre acni was pj:n. , Lord and L\dy CisUemoine breakfasted alone ia alter silence. In silence (hey entered tbe oarriage to go to tbe station —in (i'enco they nude the journey to Noath, in the reserved, first-claes car. It was only about a year sines, full of joy and lope, G.itrudo had gone to her new home after her bridal tour. The a time was all to short for tbe overflowing words ot affec tion batireen tho married lovers. Now all was gloom and eileaoe. Gertrude Died her gaze npon tbe landseaps— it was beantiful Kent, with its low, green hills, its cathedrals, its villages. Us thatched cottages. Lord Castle mains read the London Tirrvi. Intensely truthful And honourable, Gar trade was wounded in her teoderest sensibi ties by the suspicions and accusations of her husband. Oae of her traits was obstinacy, and in this she shot herself up. Bhe would never yield ; Rudolph mutt come to eee that hebadwwngedher,aod must make the hum blest apologies. Bhe did not know that she oould forgive him even then. On his part, Lord Ci9llemaine, beholding her. anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colonel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. Heconld not have made a greater mistake. AH the joy of a return to his ancestral home, which he deeply loved, was taken from Lord Castlemaine. Gertrude regarded Nesth as B prison, and hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this ill fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not oome to breakfast. If she did, sbe met her husband with a eold nod, and the two read their letters and their newspapers as they sipped their, tea and ate their eggs and toast. Afterbreakfast Lord OisUcmaine baaiej himself with the oares of a great estate ; he wrote, and saw his steward in the library ; he took long rides to examine different farms, or visited cottages mat were in need oi repairs, or sonooi nouses which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests had been discussed with Gertrude. She had gone with him on horaebaok to the farms ; ehe bad enchanted all tbe tenants with ber courtesy; the had called at the school-houses ; and fascinated the old bachelor rector in the rec tory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful hand. The two met at dinner, but neither asked tbe other how tbe day bad been spent; there were no animated discussions. Gartrude did not tell Rudolph ol the young mother whom she bad found weeping over ber dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had com forted ; nor did Sadolph aak Gertrude for a wedding trouueau for the - emekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Bsdmoss. After dinner, Lord Caetlemaine read alone in bis library, or smoked bis cigar as he paeed tbe terrace. Lidy Cistlemiine walked alone in the gardens, or sat with some idle knitting in her bands, or sat down to her piano, which she pointedly left if her husband appeared. Suoh a life as this is killing, especially if it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring ol youtb. Lord Castlemaine had tbe relief of occupation, for he was a landlord who realized his duties toward bis dependents. Gertrude had t»o sources of relief, one was long walks, and hours ot wan dering in the wile and beautiful grounds ot Keith Abbey. There she found not only ?giro gardens, shaven lawns, parka dslioately Melted of all undergrowth, but wild streams, leep, lonely dells, tbiok woods, winding waits among the fin, whtts Cor boon fha would hear no step save her own. She be came accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her eemnts became accustomed to seeing her go for hours nnaooompanicd, te wandei ii (ho abbey parts. The yesr before ehe hid been deeply inter ested in the tenantry, eppeeially the poorer olssi. Her unbounded generosity found ftruo among these, who looked op to her as a visible Providenoe. The large com which she received aa 'pin-moneynfrom herbnt band, and that other large sum, which Lidy Craven relieved ber mind by regolarly remit ting to ber heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every wast that came to her know ledge. The bouaekeeper, mindful cf her lady's dtrpocitioD, as soon a- ehe returned to the abbey, laid before her all cases ol need— this one sick, that oil dame gone blind, tbe mother whoso children needed to be fitted out for tobool, tbs baby that must havo olothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheel chair, the young girl that should team a trade. Gsrtrude was too gDnerous to turn a deat oar to any cf these pleas, and in them she found some relict for her sorrows. In ber hours of lonely musing a) ehe rest leSBly wandered alonn. she tried to form some plan for ber future. This life would beoome unendurable; she would go mid. After a whilo she wonld insist on going to her mother at Etstdale Park, in Butsex, ber own future estate. Meanwhile, not knowing what might happen, she recalled Isabel's advice abont money, and weekly pat a sum iato a looked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it to see bow much she bad, but the very fact of tbis saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan ot flight, ot losing herself to all who hu ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. Sbe felt sure that Eudolph, it ho bid ever loved ber, had now changed love to hate, and she never ooniidored that disappearance would crush her mother's bap pines;. Sbe supposed that society would console her mother tor anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lird Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, bis soul fall of bitter pain over his lost love and blighted home, be saw a young CBrpenter of the village Bearing his own village. Tbis young fellow had been married two or three months before the earl, who had given bim a splendid set ot tools as a bridal gift. Now this young workman was going homo with eager taae and long, swing, rag strides ; «nd now, horn his door oame out the young wilo, joy in her pretty face, a little infaot in ' a gswn of sprinkled pink' lying on her arm, and west to meet her husband, whom f he greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom be regarded with evident pride and astonishment at its beauty and brightness ; tben taking his wife's band, they walked home, the mingled sound if their bappy voices coming clearly to tbe iirl on the evening air, and sending arrows il anguish through bie soul. When h« lifted his head again he was ussjog tbe window of a cottage, and there rithin, sat G-rttude, ia her white dress o( Indlr mull, and ber clusters of roses, and on ur lap lay the cottager's baba in its white ihristening robe. How lovely was Gartrude ; rhat sweetness in her face, bent above the ittle bab?. The picture pursued her huBband Ad filled his dreams through all the night. CHAPTER XL. k ii::;deh fiaxt. ' Gertrude,' said Lord Oattlemaiue the lext morning, laying down his paper when be servant had left the bressfast- room, 'osn on not try and be a litile happier here 7 Too ive lost all your gay spirits. I think job re a littls pale, aid you are listless and sad Cin you not cast away all that ia unpleasant in the past, and ha hippy ?' 'Nj, Ioannotl' Btid Gertruje, sharply. 41 And why not, Gertrude ?' 'Biemse I have nstbing to bs happy about.' ' It seems to me, on the contrary, that you ire one whom all oin envy ; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home ? '' 11 Prison, you mean,' interrupted Gertrude. ' Tou can faBten birda up in a case, but you jannot make them sing there.' ' I am sorry if my home— it Neath Abbey, is a prison to you.' ' I hate Niftth Abbey I' oried Gertrude holly. ' Cm I take vrra anywhere whsre you will 'ts happier. Will yoa go to Switzerland ? Or shall 1 tako yoa to our shooting lodge, up m the Highlands. Tun miy like the scenery there.' ' I do not wish to be taktn anywhere. It is the taking that I objact to. Tou speak as it I were an infant or an idiot, and an a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter.' 'Gertrude, you surprise met Why do you cherish thus testings toward me.' ' Because you have given me the bitterest occasion. Ton took me away from Lind n againat my will, and as it I were a criminal I Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnee Soourton wrote me that there a thousand wanders over it, and Isabel aara sbe is weary of answering questions about Lady Castle maine. Tou have disgraced me, and delibcr ately raised my life, Tou oould not havt been more cruel. Tou said ones, that you oould ba cruel ta one yon fondly loved. ) must take the cruelly then as a proof thai oooe yon loved me, though it is a poor -proof, and I would rather bavelesslove and lrsshate.' 41 Believe me, Gertrudo, I have lovrd you, ) do love you with all my heart— with tbe whol' strength of my nature.' ' And yon prove it by making roe miser able— caueelesely miserable I I with none ol snoh love.' The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Casttemaine told himself that this was the wiltulnese of a high-tempered girl, who was oncsed to any interference. B. degrees the excitement and passion of bei 'caving London would he a thing of the past ind they would be reconciled. He bad hoped that there being aloDe would Iraw them nearer together. Red restore mutual confidence. It seemed to .put them farther asunder. A third patty would makf it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. As for Gertrude, the short conversation h which she had bo illy met her husbandV pso'fio advances aroused to fresh beat all bet anger. As sbe had said, she nourished an io tense hate of Nsatb. She hated^tbe familj relioa, the armorial bearing, all that bespoki the antiquity ot tbe line: She told herself tba' it was pride ot pedigree that made Badolph io enoting ; he felt that he could dominate her beoaase ' his family was better than hers.' He had said eo. Wnat an insult I Of al thing] she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits; she bated those dark, proud, »lf confident lards, every one looking as if he oried, ' Oastlemsino tgaiost tbe world I ' 41 It is just the story ot the old French sieur put into English I ' cried Gertrude lo herself. ' There is the pope, ind there is the king, bat tamaOutlemafne!' But ot all things she hated the portraits ot the Indies Cistlemaine— those mild, delioate featured, meek Lidies Oastlemaine. Someol the earlier ones posaibly had hardly knew how to read. Utny of them for sole accomplish nenti playing on the spinet, and working on the tttnbour-trame ; but they had all known aow to obey, and it was this feminine meek aess «nd weakness that bad ruined the earls ot Outlemiine. 41 Wall, at last than should be* Lady OasOo noina who would hold htr own Md fight to *e aeith, 11 1 wish,' she oried to them In her tar?, , ' that you would all come alive out of your ; frames just one minute, to hear what idiots ' [ thick you, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would be worth something even to diegracc tbe name ol suck a weak-minded line of eountes'cn, not one ' ot yon able to claim your own soul for your own I' Gertrude's state of excitement was each that sbe did not eee the abiurdity of tbis cut burst to the family portraits. Sao was in a singularly exoitcj nfirous elate which she did not realize and tho truo cause ot which ehe did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reaion that Lird Gaetlemsane could aaeign for bis wife's con tinued anger and obstinacy was the lingering regrot for Colonel Lmdox. II) was ot un in tensely jealous disposition, an] he bad heard people say that Colonel Lannox was a mm singularly fascinating to most women, and able to cxeroise over them the mo?t unbounded influence. Tbe idea that CMonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to B Uh 1 Even though he accepted Gertrude's statement that she had nothing ta do with it, it showed cleatly that the colonel was eafScieatly interested to witch all her movement!, and th*t ha had tilt am fident of s good reooplion at her bands. E rill, Gertrude was his wife; ho lovad her well. Tilings might go back to nearly the old tender tooting, it she would lay aside her pique and treatbimasinbappydays. She wasgniily only ot hccdlessness, the folly of i nnocenee and inex perience. Hemuatoloseup Ihc broach between them at all hazard. Gertrudo was sitting in one of the long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon the terrace, her Uanda in be- lap, her head leaned back against the crimson chair-cushion. Lird Castlcrnaiuo came up be hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches cf white roeos. 'See, Gartrude, your own flowers I Wo shall grow famous for cur roaea sons. John son thinks he can produce a new variety,- (he very crown of white rotes. We will call it the 1 Waits Oastfemaiae.' ' ' Wby, you have do flowers on your dress, 88 you usually bare I ' 14 Flowers are for the Loppy.' 44 But I wish you to be happy, G.'rlrufle.' 41 Tea, in your W3y ; but happinese is not made to order.' 11 At least you cm vi&r; som: flowers I See, I will arrange you a clusier for your belt.' Us began breaking off an combining tin flowers, and thou bent to put the full cluster in irs plaoe. Gartrutla suffered him to doit, but only' no one who condinee. Wnen ho hi-t flnishod. ehe said : 'I don't love flowers S3 once I did; lh« odor is too heavy, it overpowers top,' aid she pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. 44 Gertrude,' said Ltird Caetlemaine, ignor ing tbie. Suppose vo have noruc one tuvited to the abbey. I am atvay about the rE'.Ale a great deal, and you erem not to o«ro ehout horseback riding as you once did ; you are lonely : why Dot invite Fomo friends.' 44 It is your home,' said Gertrude, coldly ; ' invite whom you choose.' 41 But I want tbe company as ycu onoopc,' eaid Lord Caatlemaine. ' It ie for your sake, I was very happy loft year, when we wrre here alone ; but now I think you need soma one to amuae yon.' 11 Understand,' said Geztrudc, clearly, ' that I will invife no one here. Tou htva found much fault with my cboicn.of acquaint ances, and have Bseertcd a right to Rive rue orders as to how I f^ll treat people tliBt I meet. If I should aw any one, it m'ght chance that you were not pleased, and I shonld expose guests to nnt/lesfantDefp.' ' Tou have never found me lacking -in courtesy or hoBpitiJity. Vi'Hcn wa ngrea upon a guest, you know mv house and atten tion are at their disposition.' ' When we agree' eaid Geitrud?. ' That is, I may go to you, and Bay ; ' D j yon per mit me to aak such a one? May I maVa auch a friend ? May I rpeak to iliia one ?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, aud give no invitations on Euch termF.' 41 Gertrude, why will you miannileratand me? Ycu know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your social life. And that was where intci ferenoe ~ was imperatively needful, and where I was in a mncb better patilicn to judgo thnn yon were. Colonel Lennox was n vtiy bad man.' 4*T-es, a wretohed parvenue, Iac'itiuii, a1) I do, some fifty known anccflore in a straight line behind him. Ilowevrr, I prefer not to difCUPB Colonel Lennox with yen. Uy your jealousy, in London, jcu Imve rooch me a mark for envious tongues. We should Bern agree on that question; why continue it? Among all my fauilB, 1 hare one virtne. I hate til censoriouEness aud uncharitable upeaking ol those who are not at hand to de fend themselves.' She rose, and stepped ont on tho balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with eilvcr light. Johnson, the head gardener, was passing a broad walk. ' Johnson I' cried Lady Cietlemaine, '' yon told mo that the true time to eee the American Fucca was by moonlight ; you may now ahow it to me.' She ran down the flight of tteps and joined the gardener, who, reppeclfully stepping a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the new flower, which was that summer his chief pride. Sick at heart cnl restless in soul, Lord CaEtleraoice also went iim the krrcco and followed at a distance. Ilia wife made him unspeakably miserable, rit he could not endure to have her out of Ma sight. Tbe fset wes, Gertrude had loved Itadolph Caetlemaine with all her heart, as her first love; but hers was untutorcl, untried m'rl's heart, and though Rudolph had never loved before, he was older, and of mere settled and experienced emotions, and his love for bis wifo was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for bim. Lidy Castlemaine and her girdncr tamed ta a narrow path, and came to ihe American Yucca. It grew alone, in a email circle edged with a close cat border cf thickly growing artnierv plant. Within this circle ot smoky. Same-flecked green rcsa tho yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide green lcavcB bent back one above the other, nntil their sharp points touched tbe earth from which they grew. Out of,this natural basket ebot tbe ahaR ol the plant to a height of eight feet, and thii chat t for fully five feet was a mass of snow- white bloom— great belle, as if oarved ot alabaster, tbe lower {bwcr-etcrns being tbo longest and most heavily laden, until the whole was a pyramid ol pearl-white beauty flooded by the white light cf the moon. 41 Saw you ever the like, my lady ?' cried the ecstatic Johnson. ' I did net wish you to sec it until every flower bell was open, aod hero it elands alone under the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful cpirit— rt white angel ot flowers in the midst of the garden.' 41 Tou are poetic, Johnson,' said Lady Caetlemaine. 41 Eh, my lady ? Well, it is just a sight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing back here as I am, I cannot tell you how much your ladyship ie like (he flower. In your white gown, my lady, and with yonr height, standing there eo still, you are jast like this yueaa, my lady.' 41 Thanks for the compliment, Johnson,' said Lady Cistlemaine. 'I wonder if, in years to come, when the yuoca blooms. I shall oome hers to see it, and yon will stTl think me like the flower.' ' May the Lord send you many years to oome into the garden, my lady. Bnt tor this yuooa— at least, here in England— when itfaas given one aueh perfect bloom as this, it never, hloonu again,' (2b be CtMboui.) 46U 