old time theatricals. ( Continued ) On New Year's day, 1844, the- Theatre Royql was again opened. The following are copies of two of the " bills of the play " of the period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE This Evening, Saturday, January 20, 1844. will bepresented the favourite dfanja, . '/ ' entitled MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC LOVER ' - or ' The Fair Lass of Liohfield - Michael Erie .. " .. Mr. Knowlea Gilliflovrer « ' .. Mr.'Uapper Mary , ,. . <|t ' ., ' Mre. AwowJes To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens' story of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY Nioholas Niekleby Mr. Alexander Ralph Niekleby ,. . Mr, dapper Squeers .. .. Mr. Knowlea John Browdle M „ Mr. Winter Newman Nogg ... Mr/MUler Smike .. .. Mrs.'Knowles Other characters by the company. Doors open at six, performances, com? mence at seven o'clock precisely. PRICES AS USUAL. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE. MELBOURNE. . Immense Attraction. First Night of a Drama of Intense Interest. ... The Two Faroes at Haut Price, This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of great popularity entitled LOVE'S DREAM or " Virtue Triumphant To be succeeded by the highly laugh? able farce of WHY DID Y O U DIB ? To conclude with the highly popular petite eomedy in one act of . THE R I V A L PA G E S Characters by the company Prices of admission: — Boxes, Four shillings, half price, Two shillings; Pit, Two shillings, half price; One ; shilling; Gallery, One shilling, No - half price, Doors will open at six o'clock, curtain will rise punctually at seven. The reign of Mr. and Mrs. Knowles ;i having come to an end, a change of management was intimated in the following notice, which was placed throughout the city :tt-' . THEATREROYAL, MELBOURNE. The ladies and gentlemen of Mel bourne, its vioinity, and the<piiblic generally, are most respectfully in- formed that the theatre having under gone a : thorough; - repair in -all its j, branches, TTas Opened for the Season. ' \- It 'is confidently expected that the \- improvements and alterations that have "Been effected at considerable' expense, will' meet with ths support and patronage of a generous public. Great care will be taken to produce sterling pieces of the best, apthqrg, and novelties. will follow'each other in rapid succession. For the purpose of peace, order and regularity, there are . a Yew rules establishe.l, and it is most respectfully announced to the patrons of the , theatre that they will be stric tly adhered to and enforced. Smoking on no account in any part of the house ; to be tolerated, and it is supposed and to be hoped that the good sense of 'the . ' audiencq will-be 'sufficient to prevent . a repetition' of that annoyance whipn has hitherto been the subject of com- : f plaitrt ---by -every respeetaWe person vjsiting the theatre. : ; Fjrst -qaranpe JJjig spason pf Mr. KNOWLES. First time in the_ cpffiny ofjthe cele- ' ;brated'dramar entitled '.THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN 1 This!(Thursday) -Evening, "August " y„- r.:. . ' v., . -15( Will be produced for'the firsftime in this pisoyiuoB— JJibdin Pitt's celebra- , ted' drama, .taken from "the .work of . Sir'Walter Scott, and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN or The Lidy of St. Leonard's Jobn, Duke of Argylo . .. Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordie Robertson) Mr. Batters David DeiuiB . ;Mr. Capper Laird O'Dumbeedjkes ' .. Mr Cameron Reuben Butler .. Mr. Wray Saddletree . .. " .. Mr Da vies Ratollffe .. .. .. Mr. McMillan Black Frank .. V . " Mr. Burgin Sbarpltlaw ... .. " .. Mr. MiUer Margery Murdoclison .. ' Mr. Searle .Queen of England . . Mrs. Richards EffieDeanB .. Mrs. Murray Jennie Deans .. Mrs Cnmeran Mrs. Glass " „ ' Mrs. Grove Madge Wildfire .. Mrs. Knowles Mrs. Balohrlstia .. Mrs. Grove After which the favourite song and chorus from " Jack Sheppard," called NIX MY DOLLY PALS To conclude with the popular 'melo drama; entitled A H US BAND AT S I GH T Characters by the company. \- This Theatre will be opened ( until further notice) on the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday. The. dobra will be opened at half past - six o'olobk, and the curtain will rise at seven, Admission — Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s. Pit, 2s. half price, Is, Gallery, Is,. , no half price. -Half' price to Boxes and Pit will commence at nine o'clock. The orchestra . will be under the direction of Mr. Richards. ' The new act drop, prosceninm and scenery have been painted by Mr. Lightfoot, and the ' interior of the house by Mr. Miller. Special Notice — A few season tickets have been prepared, appli cations for which are to -be made to Mr. Cameron as early as possible. The season which opened so prom ising on the 12th of August, 1844, was not a propitious one, and soon came to an - end. - The Port Phillip Herald, Tuesday, Sept. 10, 1844, thus "alludes to the fact : — " The Theatre— We regret to state that this place of amusement is again falling into dis repute, through mismanagement, and the bad conduct of one of the actresses, who frequently appears on the stage in a/state of intoxication. On Satur- ' day last no performance took place, inconsequence of the Leader of the Band, refusing to go into the orchestra until his salary was paid him. As the " Ghost " did not . walk — the T.aadai rlifl nff Knmn (To be continued, J W.H. W. At the age . of eighty-seven the veteran-dramatist Mr. J. -A, Herand is about -to publish' what he announces will be his last poem, entitled, " The Sibyl Among the Tombs." Many years ago, he produced a striking composition with a strange title, - whictvwill long be remembered ;in con nection with one of the most caustic repartees which Douglas Jer-rold ever uttered. " Have you seen my > Des cent into Hell asked the poet, a fey days after its publication, " No," . growie'd the wit, " but I should - very much like tq. " - , ' ' ' _ Mr. Deane Brand and Miss Kate Chard, both well known in the colon ies, have been "engaged by Augustus Harris for the production of a new and original comic opera by Her v6 at Drury Lane, next Autumn. 