WE sometimes wonder why they call it “Happy New Year.” A season can’t possibly bo an very mirthful which suggests the limit reached by the patience of our various duns. And then the indigestion induced by that over plus of Christmas pudding has hardly worn off, while our nose is still sunburned from those Boxing Bay sports, and pur best summer pants havo been in quarantine since we— shorn !—knelt down in that cherry pio tpi the Sunday School picnic. And then the arrival of the First of January has made it so easy to refer to tilings that happened “last year,” the pur chase of the missus’ last now bonnet, for instance, or of that largest of our various small boys' last now suit, which already shows sad evidences of debility, especially under the eaves of his jauket. Now will arisu in grisly array before us the ghosts of those many promises which we wore to fulfil “ next year.” Next year has arrived, and that means another pay ment on our freuliold villa, and a further pueuniary acknowledgment, to the man we bought the piano of. It also means suvurnl inches in length upon the limbs of the “ kids,” and that implies so many gyra tions of the Haute to the minuto and so niiich'moio good shoe leather gono wrong. It further suggests an enlargement of that bare spaco on our domo-liko summit, and the presence of a few additional mourners at the funeral of that grey hair wo ex tracted last Sunday. But tve suppose thure aro compensating circumstances hanging around somewhere, if wo can only unearth thorn. For in stance, that touch of biliousness ubovo al luded to will prevent our making a fool of nuraolvos over the New Year feast. Our sun-burned proboscis will teach us humility and lower our personal pride. Tho loss of our fawn-colored unmentionables will pre vent our trying to pass ourselves off as a And, thou, what if tho missus’ headgear must bo so often renewed ? Oughtn’t wo to bu thankful that alto still sets nlf a new bonnet so well, and looks younger every year, while Jones' helpmeet was taken for his mother-inlaw tho othur day, for a fact! As for the small boy, why, tho longer his logs grow tho nearer ho ap proaches tho great day when ho may be able to join an Australian Elovon or row a boat so fust as to arouso tho enthusiasm of continents ; a time when 1m shall havo quite outgrown tho necessity for that cor porual correction tho infliction of which we already find about as irksomo to us as it is painfu^to^iini. " Then the homestead is moro nearly our own with each of those annoying “ part ings,” and tho piano keeps tho youngstors out of mischief and breakages enough to moro than pay its value twice ovor. To bo bui-o, baldness is not beauty, but then wisdom sometimes accompanies it, nnd, may be, by the time we rosomblo the pro verbial billiard ball, wo shall be wise enough to stay at homo on Cup Day and cease to grmublo at the shortcomings of legislators who are so hopelessly given ovor to asiuinity os to render our worry a puro waste of onorgy. So it" seems, somehow, that the New Year isn’t such a pernicious institution after all. In fact, it is a grand opportu nity, a turning ovur a clean, now loaf with the past quite out of tho way for a time. Lot us, therefore, draw a long breath, be thankful for what wo havo of happiness, trust to get moro, pay our nowspaper sub scriptions, and so make for ourselves and tho world at large ’ A HAPPY NEW YEAR! 