?weSer*# CaUefnum. LONDON. Bad Morlep has resigned Mb appoint mentoE Chief OwnimBWonjer of Works in the Ministiy. It is announced tint Sir M. SL fihnitlewottfa has been appointed to succeed Mr. ffo^aga as ChaoceiUor of die Dachy of Lancaster. The Deakj iVeitw states that Mr. Hlwl fitaffixd Howard will Bncceed Sir M. K. Sfanttie wwft aa Under Secretary for India, and Mr. William Copeland Boofaue bag been appointed Secretary of the Local Go vernment Board in ^the place of Mr. J esse OollingB. Bmftt, Monday. The Dacca arrived on Saturday even ing. F. W. MA WE has been gazetted a lieutenant in the Defence Force, A kdbcbb of 9,000 head of cattle is now being made off Yarratnere Station, which IB tmder the «n«»figMn«iit ol T. T. Cummins Esq. These mWb on destined Cor fisoott Station Qtdf of Carpentaria. It iB thought that tbe mustering -will be completed in five or six "weeks, whenthecattle will pass here on there My north. Thb Defence Force ordeEBforthe week etate that drill will be held to-night, Thursday, and Friday nights, at the boys school at 7 oclock. On Wednesday night there will be a noil com mesaoned officers class at the Brigade office. He usual parade will be held on Saturday afternoon at which the band will attend. ABOUT twenty gentlemen assembled at the Occidental hotel last night to say farewell to Mr. J. D. Byrnes who ie going into partnership with Cruse and Uhr of Townsville, butchers. The fig and jolly good fellow business was done eon amore by those present for "old Symes " was well liked by everyone who knew him. Mr Symes has been on Charters Towers since it opened and has seen fortunes tumble oa many a man but he always managed to get oat of the way of a pile. He has b«en with Buck land and Co-, for a number of years and now leaves a wiser if not a richer man. We hope that in his new sphere he will not have such "stinking lack" as he Had here. IT is not generally known that the ponderous pounder Traill, one of the editors of the ? Sydney Bulletin, when he first landed in Queensland, forty years ago, toted " monkeys" for Pumpkin Taylor of the Darling Downs. This is a junk of history, a la Bulletin, and contains as many lies as the following excerpt from the Sydney Bulletin, of 15th March: " It isn't generally known that when Thadeos O'Kane, the sledge-hammer editor of the NORTHERN MINES, first arrived in Australia, thirty years ago, he was employed as a writer by Mr- (now Sir Henry) Parkes.of the Empire.'' The editor of the SOUTHERN MINES Buffered enough in his time, bat he was never reduced to the degradation of serving the Kiama ghost, or writing for euch a political fraud as Parkea. Gome, Traill, try yonr hand again. When yon were on the Darling Downs Gazette, yon were no great pumpkins. ' You have effloresced nmM the congenial larzikiiiism of Sydney "»tn a full blown snob. of the Sydney Bulletin, has not yet forgotten what the Hobxhbrf UmB «aSd of the Bulletin whilst Archibald was away in England-that it was lumpy, ponderous and long-drawn out windiness, and that Archibald's terse, crisp and witty paragraphs were Badly missed. Traill is not a QuinctOian. His criticisimB are not always strand. He sneers at tbe NORTHERN Mxber for saying that "all the men working at the Smelting Company's Works are out on strike," and claims there is a " boll" in it. Just theaame kind of " boll" there would be if one asked Traill whilst " working" at his mid-day saveloy where he was working now, and he replied he was working on the Bulletin. That would be one of Traill's " bulls," and we commend it to his stndy when he tries to tackle his next MoR wTRftir MTMUR "bulL" For Traill's informa tion we may tell bun that every present participle expresses two states of thought or action-ane, present, He et tuutc, as Traill is writing an article cribbed from Henry George; the other, habitual, as Traill is writing for the Bulletin. Traill mixes up the two ideas, hence his bullocky ?** par " on the Northern MUTER. We admire fair criticism and can stand it, but this fraSl hypenaiticism deaetVBsto foe sat on. The Bulletin, is no longer what it was, it abounds in Sydney dang of the Lowest descrip tion, its paitidea of wit are beaten ont into colamns of bosh, -and in boBhels of its chaff even the inditiaBal grain of wheat is often not to be found. . HoweVer, we wish it well and hope to isee Trull less bomptiinis and more truly critical. L, p*cr, maete virtute. 