: OB TheBeaaty of Raystock. Br BA.VIB PAE, Author of Grra.ce Darling," "Hard Times," " Luej the Faetory Girl,' " Namh Oushaleer," " Cast <m the "Wierld," &c; CHOPPER XXXIII. MASEBY'S. DENOUNCEMENTS—-TBE DAWN OF PEACE. As Gerald ISasehy uttered, in tones ©f thornier, the terrible words, uTr am your son, and my mothe^aavei^ei-,"; the thin veil of hyi»c»4sy which he had ■wrapped around him dropped away,' and heatood -revealed,- npfc io..Cdjnaul -Marstoa merely, biLt also to Beatrice SJieJWrak^as-a stein, relentless foe— «a the teippter .who had caught her in his toils forVb&owii; ruthless.eiifoand -would now proclaim the, fraud which had his instigatiou ahd hy his assistance she had perpetrated. She saw It >a& in his look, and.Hoti^ing m£rptoi£fe> a chair, sank down upon it dumb an^i powei less. ■ ■ i ■ NasebyV dfeclaratKin carried convic tion to "the souls of the others.. His features, now that the couhibe semtin ise 1 by the light of his words, pro claimed the truth, for. Hie Mirston countenance clearly shone through the j ©oarse medium of hate and passion I which blazed inihenv but they were predominant, and corroborated; the paternity h© had so stsrtiiigly announced Eren Colonel Marston saw it,a,nJ foil frock in speechless* dismay, his lips refusing to utter thedisperate dmual in ■which his guilt would have sought »e fuge. "For thirty years,"- went on Naseby in life, teniae tones, "I sought the author of my mother's ruin, tliat I 'Uiold destroy hism. Bit through- all those years my search was in, vain. \V it-h- nothing hit this portrait as the cine to his identity I failed to discover even his name, till ose night three y-rors ami I met the youth, whose re *.W»Uiig features led at length to the discovery.. It was then I came- to -Worthy and saw th" man whose de struction I had sworn "rr—t-. From that moment tny ph»- waslaid, and the acts of these three yens wiii attest its completeness. Everything was made to serve my purpose. Even the mar Tiage which was meant to he tlie triumph of yon scheming, became the chief source of my power. You con tracted it to gratify your raaliee,hut it been my care to make it the iii iriuneuts'of your defeat." " He is mad," cried Beatrice, with -wild vehemence. " Heed wt his words, they are avoid of truth." " Wretch—reptile—what would yon dare to allege?" shouted the Colonel, fits fear giving place in a moment to ungovernable "fury. " Breath hut a syllable against my wife, arid were you ten times tlie bastard you have declared, I will bring the heaviest punishment upon yon.1* . ■ " Ko; ycu. will not j for of that punishment :jo«r wi'e would have ilia heaviest share. Listen, the child you are so- proud of is -not yonr^ 5* . ■ > .' _T - . _ . i . • ' • • .son. , , o Liar,"- yelled the ColoneT, as he spVaUg at ffaftebyV throat with murder ous rage. Ere bis hands conld make the clutch they Were seized ■with vice-like„ dpsUJp, **n<* -. be was hurled back with ^ tremendous force: Edward and Aildrew Rutherford rushed betweenthem,- but Kaseby ■waved them aside with a soornfui ■ laugh.,.- • ^ "Keep back {gentleman," lie cried. \- <i jjjjg |g not a matter in .which mortal man shall cbrod; between: us. No, Colonel Marston, >e heir you 'wel comed with snph ■ pride was no son of ^ yoins.£Yourwife never bore a child, At my instigation she deceived yon in furtherance of my jarrppse of ven geance. and by nie" The German doctor' and the, nurse •weie my .agents, and they hi ought the child with them. Shall I tell you wJase child ^hey .bright 1 Ha! ha ! it is the true heir, *ftef all.. Edward hlarston, cannot ijrpif. guess.it V « Heaveh^ gasj^jilward. " 0ur infant child was stolen from us. Do von mean that-—that " & Yes, Iflo mean .it. Oh, it was a plain device—the true heir. "What could be better?" ■ "Devil," shrieked Beatrice. ''Oh; that I bad a knife to plunge' into his heart." . " ''it iB true, jtheri," said her husband, ^ hoarse with-a re ge which made his ^ white™- -* had .a child —yon .^ent 4 yourself " to a - fiend like " Talk not to me of fraud," she mad ly exclaimed* " When I saw our ob ject was to be defeated, I scrupled not tatnfcethis meansto gratify toy bate of Gharies Coiirtenay and bis wife. If my scheme has. failed, it is you I have to thank for it. How was I to guess that toy tempter was. your bastard sonT This was the barbed, venom-tipped anow of a defeated and disappointed woman. : The Colonel turned from her grind ing his teeth, through which caiue a mut tered execation. ' TJneJe," cried Edward, in great ex citement, " you. have heard liim say the child is mine. I demand, it to be given up to,me*®' "v "-lorive bito tbe brat," cried Beatrice, viciously* " Had I known—oh,, Imd I known whence it came " \- You would have poisoned it per haps," saidNaseby with a triumphant laugh* , "Come with me, Rutherfoid, till we find the child," cried Edward,, catching:bis.friend's, arm. and drawing bim towafds the door. -.''Not quite-yet if you. please," inter posed ,Naseby, stepping between them a»4 the door. This,aroused Edward's.highly strung feelings beyoud control Look. yo-*i, All. Naseby, or Mr Pinch, or whatever name it may be coiiyeuient foi- you to pass. undet," he ste.-nly, exclaimed, " in tlie selfish gratification of your desire for. ven geance on my uncle, you have brought on me and; mine the keenest' sorrow aid suffer tag.. That did not 'matter to you so- -long as it promoted your vindictive design.. . The law attaches a heavy penalty to the came you have avowed."" " But you will not seek to bring the law into- operation against me," returned Nasehy with a significtnt smile. " You Would not compromise and disgrace Mrs. Colonel Mars ton for the sake of punish t» me I Be sure I took this, into calcu.ation* I knew I co a hi not count on your forbear ance for my sake ; but family reasons would, I considered, assure my safety. Besides, what benefit would result from setting the law in action against toe'?. - If I ahiuucted your child I have BMWre-l di; ;. aitl-nw thinks you and your friend Coiutenay are much indebted to- me. Had I chosen, the two estates, would have passed you for I some pauper's hi at which could have i been as easily procured as your child. | Now, thanks to me, both of you shall rveoived your iuheriteJ rights ;.so that , if I| injured you iin the abduction of your child, I have made ample amends." "Those so] this tries of a mind given up to the worst passions of hatro.l and'revenge make no impression upon me," answered Edward. "The clever calcnlationsdf which you boast will not be j ustifiad ■ if you make further op jtositibnWoar' leaving tire room, to" »ec-wer the child." "• Yorn* child iaquite safe, as it al ways has been ; and to wait a few m-i.uites longer will do no harm either to it or you. Otothe contrary, if is your social business thait' is now to be settled —the burin iss which br-»«i*ht yon ami your friend from Liverpool to Cumber land. Would you depart 'without the knowledge you. have come so far to gain? Hay,'be'patient, for I am in earnest." I can tellwhecheryonr uncle or your wife's father was the eldest son of the Sqmre of Wortley EL-ili." " You can tell," shouted the Colonel, whom these words roused from the stupefaction into which the pievious re velation had plunged him. * Yes L . Oh, you will find that 110 bloodhound ever hunted down a man more pertinaciously than I have wrought foi the vengeance on my mother's de stroyer. .With her dying breath she cursed you, and charged the to pour the curse of your iuiquitous head. Part of it has fallen already, for you find yourself heirless; the rest is to come, and its effect will be to strip you of rank, wealth, property, position, and consign you to beggary; your very name will be taken from you j the brand of shame which you put on my brow shall come'on yours, for to all the world I proclaim you—bartard !" " 'Tisr a base,, and foul calumny,*' cried the Colonel, wildly and desperate ly, as his face became ghastly pale and contorted. Henial is useless. Before I entered ths roomjl heard your nephew ask for piO)f that you were your father's heir, a id well you know such proof could not be giyeu. Sparch the family re cords and yon will not find it there." "Pool, my father acknowledged me as such I treated me as such." " He did, but it was a lie, neverthe less, and you shared in his falsehood. He was at least better than yon in this, he did hot • forsake the woman he be trayed. He had not the- courage to make her his. wife,, but he did not leave her to starve,, and when she died- he continued to provide for you when his lawful eldest son offended him past, for giveness by marrying a portionless maiden, he cast li.im- off and. brought yon to Wertley Hall to-take his place. On. his.death you seized the inlieritance, and for more than tw.en.ty years, have held, it unjustly."' " It is raise-—it is a tissue of lies ; There-is not a shadow of proof for this assettioii. I possess Wortley Hall, and wi'i. hold it against any one. who ih nrad enough to assail my right.. Begone, all of you. I will not be so vilely slan. dered, insulted, defied.."" " Have you any proof of your ex traordinary .statement!" asked Ed ward.of •Naseby.. . "-Ifo.—he has; \v> proof,"' tlininlered his uncle, foaming and gesticulating like a 'man insane. Loud as was his frantic vociferation :it was outndised; by a. shrill whistle i emitted fronr between Nuseby's teeth, when almost immediately a little old wo I num, with withered ami-.wrinkled face, marked, with. a. dark red- patch, on one side,. entered the room,. At sight of her Colonel Marston looked as if a ghost had appeared before him, His. wrathful countenance took on. an aspect of horror and dismay,, his eyes were fixed, his lower jaw fell, and inarticulate sounds gurgled in. his thi oat.. " You, recognise her, " said Naseby, with a diabolical chuckle. " This Mrs. Marston, is the old lady whom you gave me leave to put in the empty cattage at the end of the Millbrook wood.. I did not tell yon who she is But she will do this herself.. "Speak out Dame Duckworth, and let the lady know who you are." " I was the nurse of Colonel Mar ston when he was a baby," was the old woman's prompt answer, -made in a cracked, but perfectly distinct - voice. " He was born at my cottage. It was Squire Mai-ston that brought his mother to. me to nurse. She died, -poor thing,faad I got the baby to bring up. He stayed with me till he was old enough to po- to school, when the Squire put him to a large cademy in the west. Then when he was. a young man he put him into the army, and when his eldest son by his lawful wife married against his will, he sent him adrift, and put the Colonel here in his place, that was not his wife's son at all." . 1 " All which, I believe, you can prove j beyond doubt, Dame Duckworth ?" | said Naseby, in elated tones. j " I'm ready to swear to it, and I: have papers to show that Tspeak the truth." j "" Then if this is so, I have married i an impostor, a usurper, a beggar," "said I Beatrice in accents that quivered with passion. ' ! "And whom have I married,madam 1" ; roared the Colonel. "A woman whose'; fraud and deceit will, when known j make her the scoff" and the scorn of the , district. But let that pass. I will fight the devil who calls himself my son— j fight him at every point. I am here in p jsscssion of the estate. - I have pos-j sessed it unquestioned for uiore than ] twenty years, and.it will require such ; p oof as can never be obtained to dis possess me. Take away your child-— my wife's damning confession tells me it is not mine—whose eke it ,is I care not. Take it away, and quit the house every one of you. For you, wretch, viper, base son of a Hold," shouted Naseby, starting forward in terrible passion, "call jhe what you will, but utter one disparag ing word concerning my mother—tlie victim of your heartless selfishness and measureless cruelty—and I will*fell you as a butcher fells an ox." Colonel Marston was no coward. He possessed a full measure of the soldier's courage, and in a better cause would have met the the threat with scorn.' But conscience can dismay the boldest and this told him that his conduct to wards- the woman whose avenger bad so suddenly started up before him admitt ed of no defence. His eyes fell before the blazing oibs of his sou, and he turned away dumb and cowed. " Do what you will," hissed Kaseby, her dying curse clings to you, and will follow you till your doom is accom plished. ' I! leave you now, but do not forget that I am still and ever will ■ be m'y mother's avenger. Come, Dame Duckworth, our'work for the present is done ; but we shall wait and watch till tiie moment comes for the next stroke to fall. Madam," he added, bowing tc Beatrice, "E am y our steward no longer. With yon. personally -I have no grudge. I but used you for the furtherance of ray purpose, and. took advantage of] your spite and malice against your i cousin and his wife- to aid me.. It mat hers not to. me that you aru foiled,, but may the fiend take me if I regret that you too are baulked., In spite of all. you can. do now, the Grange will go to those who. have the right of inherit- j ance. Come, Dane Duckworth, you have served me well to-day, and I shall find another- comfortable home for you. Farewell. Mr Edward Marston. Though I have done-you some wrong, I did not -intend to injure yon, and have now made fuiL aiheiids._ Your character I respect, your conduct I admire,, and though you may have eorae to think hawiiy of ine,. do-not forget that but for me the rights cf yourself, and-your wife would not have been secured. Bad as you may think me, I Honor that in . tegrity and virtue which. I do not my self possess, but wiiieli I know you have, j conspicuously displayed. Think and speak of me then. as. kindly as you,can and try tO; believe that I had 111 me the makings of a better man had not a maiigant fate decreed for me another, destiny. Pshaw," what am. I piating about? Come, old Dame, or the devil will begin to fear he is to: lose my al legiance and. be defrauded of his due.1' And with a discordant,, scornful, and defying laugh he threw open the door, and pushed the old woman out,, and dis appeared wiih her. \- Edward and his friend Andrew Rutherford had. osen almost silent and wholly absorbed spectators, of the last portion of the scene—that is,, from the entrance of. Dame Duckworth and the revelations which the old woman,made. The truth of what she said neither of them, could doubt, for the effect of his countenance when she .made her clear and lucid, statement were cor roboration enough. After that their attention was fixed on the words and aspepfc of .Naseby, whose singular charac ter and its concentrated determination made- a powerful impression on their minds.. His exit from, the room broke the semi-spell, and with a brief glance- towards the Colonel and his wife they tod 'made* a motion, to leave.. At this moment their attention was fixed on Beatrice, who came towards them- pale but calm. In passing the bell-pull she touched it lightly but , firmly, and a bell sounded in t he dis tance. - I am-going to-send an order to. the nurse to- bring the child to- the red parlor—you- will see it. there," she said, in a quite, unimpassive tone. Edward bowed,, and his heart throb bed with joyous anticipations at the 1 thought of beholding and-, recovering liis lost child. Outwardly he main tained a cold and displeased demeanor, as he had abu udant reason to do so. But when the order had been des patched to the nurse, and while he1 waited till the information came that nurse and the child were in the oar lor, there was deep constrained silence amongst them. The Colonel had turned to the window, and was gloomily gazing out upon the park. But Beatrice stood quite still, wi-hin two . yards of Edward; and when lie stole a ..glance towards her, he found that she- was regarding, hi at with a subdued and, beseeching face. " Edward," she said, iu low and al most lermuloua accents, 'Van no way be found to prevent public exposure and public disgrace V I do not like to say that this detection—this treacherous di vulgeuient of my secret—lias made me penitent; and yet I had begun to feel | dreadfully unhappy about it, though I, 'Iji&ve.iiO; reason to suppose my unhappi ness wou ld have .led to confession. That matters not now. The fraud is brought to light, and will not be consummated. My cousin and his family will succeed at my death to the Grange; your child fill' inherit Wortley. "These things being so, your resentment can do yon no good. Will you therefore be gener ous, be forbeariug, and act so as to save as much as possible the family name?" "Tellme bow," responded Edward, " and you will find me ager to keep the veil tightly drawn over these dark matters. But how can it be done?" "Easily. Instead of taking away' fhe child to Liverpool, bring your wife here, and take up your residence at the Hall. The Colonel still remains osten sibly, but she and you are the veal pro prietors. I could not give np the Grange to mv cousin because it is real ly mine as long as I live ; but I shall allow him half the rent—the other half J shall serve for the Colonel and myself j to live on. 'What say you—do you con- . sent to this 9" " Will my uncle agree to it 9" asked Edward", after a moment's pause. " Yes, your uncle agrees to. it!" cried the Colonel impulsively, as he left the window and came towards tbsm under the- influence of agitation and emo tion. "This is better—a thousand times better—than anger and defiance. ■ I too regret the past, Edward, and the fraud under which I have long lived. You have it in your power to expose- and punish me. But this; would really doyou no good, while the planof Beatrice? would keep silly tongues silent. "Say no-more^ uncle," cried Edward, with glad relief, it shall be as- Mrs. Marston. has. proposed. . Your disposi tion to accord to- us our rights demands our readiness to bury, the past in ob, Iivion.:.and, I can-speak for Mabel as. well as myself when I say that we shall be very glad, indeed, to-do si), and live in peace and harmony together:" '• Bravo! bravo! brayo cried honest Andrew Rutherford,/in, the fulness of ,his delight., " Please, ma'tn, nnrse-and baby are in the red> parlor," said the footman? putting bis head in. at tho-door—.-m in timation which- sent the- two- friends from the room, with joyous hearts. (To be concliuted in our next). 