OUE MISCOLLA~Y. Bonch embarks from London for Sydney on the 13th proximo. A million and a mhlf of pooplo havo visited ihe Colonial Exhibition. The import trndo with Sydney for thel current year shows a dlclino of 15 per cent. Cardinal Moran opens the new II. C. Clhnrcll at Blronghton Creooikn Satirdny (to.da:y.) Large qunntitios of wool nra arriving at New castlo daily for direct shiplilnlt to Lonilon. Tih Violorinl AssRombly on W\ednesday nilht voted tho widow of tlheo lato Marcu Clarke £1000. A tligr 0 foot in longth hIns lhoon lraipped nnd shot on the firml of Mr. Gordon 'telorsoi, Unnm toOes ivor, During May, 750 tone copper ore were shlippoed to England by the Capo, Colony Miinig Com pany. Mr. Parnell is ondeonvoring to o'ehain n soparation botween theo English (jovorinmoet and the Unionists. The owner of n mnall vessel awninpwld by a squnll nIoar Port Douglns swain HOVUIIe mile to elloro, two others being dtowllod. A nIlin nannd Williatns, cnampeid with others on the Little Gregory Rivor, liBa been speared to death by tilhe blacks. 'I'lo nu)mber of tho Trinsvaal Volknrdml nonmm bers. Iha boen reduced froml 46 tol 3. 'Aho towns Ilnve no longer a roprosontation. A tolegram from Bowral on Mond;ly stanlo that Cliptain Sullivan, of Iurraldoo, diedl on Sunday. Hio was an old seolttlor in tile dis'.rict. Sonoe blncks at tlie laMArtlnr r Riv boarded n cutter at Imidnightl, tomahlanwkod tile capltain, andl attempteld to sponr the crow. A few yearn ago only throo tone of jam wiore mallufactursd in tlhe Cape Colony. This' year one fi'rm nlOllono pocts to use 300 (onls ao fruit. It is proposed to start an arsollnl and mInnl. fnctory of cartridges ill Mllboureo, ilaltend of ilnporting tleolm. A Govornlonte subsidy i, rpplied, for, The Jorawor, from G'nldnlolno, hourld to Pondicllrry with 62G coolies, pIt into Tanblo Bay a few weeuks ago. During thll voyago out 42 of the coolies adledl. A writer in a Kiaman paper asks :-" Wilhat .l Sir Henry dlone for Kinina ?" Made it immortal, of courleo, as thle 1UO'Il of a greoat ghost Htory. Wliod over lihave hlieard of Kiuiana it it lhadiL't beeon for tlat ?--tBllcltn. A boolkkeeoopear in tlhe oploynollnt of one of the pril:oipal storakeepors at Nlarrltuloara has lmystuerioesly dianppo.lrod. It i 1tntelod lthat Jil. Iacolnlts nreu in a satisfactory cocilitionl, andl ;1o roason is assigned for his dielspparanlco. 'lloro is Beasone to 111ppose tlht the long' poriod of dleprossion in Cape trndalu InHs corm t1o an endl. 'Thro is a revivod dIolmand 1'or oolhlill wools, and ilest qalllioB have inulrosd 20 por colnt, in value. Cape and Natnl wool, mtlet l)auticipnto in tilo iinproveo state of tihe MaIrkt. FrProil a latoenont whliclh lHa ret:llnly Irn(1 publishcd, it alppers lthalt in tlhe coinly of , Snrrey tile cost of nlllio laulnlilc ox?0uool by oight )or coent. nll the otheor ooultry cIharges put togetholr, ineludlrg roadslH.lnidlgo, nllalrios, in lilitrial solhools), pri'BoHs andl prisonlorl, pro)'o cltiolls, rol'olr'lilll rioe , nlr d the olel'orroelllllt 0o1 tlio law rolatilng to food, weighilt, 1id 1 iniinial. . A tolegrain froln Kiiaildra 1o n Wednolsdny states thait a lo nd. bodly Ihs lboun foniel in tblo lilh,1I nat Brindlibollli, on this 5i1hi of thel lia rriiiu hlidguo Iliver. Tlhe QiLnalibioyln polioo wi0roI lirst ippriisedI of thle ftaoLt, lnt tlhe rivir bine in Ilood lt tile forllmerl' place, tilQ iiiianllbeylil il lioll wuro Uillnalo to UIWsHS, o they tolegrapllt l to Troopel'r Frleilr of tllI pinueIo, whol sHtarlod li;iK aftlorlloill. The body is silpposed to be thnit of daiioH Kinnody, n iaiior, who ilt»s bondli itiiniiiii'; fl'roll Glory lIolo, IliOr Kllnlldro, 1incd' thue 17hll Juno. hinolh dllSHstlisfnotion is orprossoed lbotlh aI Youlllg and tl Cowrin in uonseqiceine of Oovernl inulnt ldelay iln alking over tile coonllid ,cction If thei Murrninbiurroll lito lnynoy lino, whlih lilinn buole eomploted to tlio LachlllI l'ivlr shin0e ,lIlnly last, As In conSeqilunco all ill wool trallio for tile yonr is lost,. (ll thb. lshoo llnIownrs havinvig had to maino arrnllgioio ntlll wit; ;.,,*"' 111 l:.ri(i. 'tlhuroe is gront delny, too, in slipplyinlg llatnlorilnl I for tlhe bridge. Tlhe oonltratol fear Illoy will Ihav to klnok 'of tile mnol. The lin to to th river wasn oolllotelld 12. ionlths witlhin the co n tractl tiloe. ' ? ..-----.··-.?. _r -. ? i 