VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB SPRING MEETING. CAULFIELD CUP DAT. Tho Increasing popularity of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club 6pring meeting was shown by tho marked improvement in tho attendance at Caulficld on Saturday, when the last of tho two days' racing was held undor the most fa- vorablo auspices. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch were present, and tho crowd » men una assembled hy 2 o'clock in the en closure and on tho fiat was tho largest that has yet boon seen on tho pretty course. Tho publio nttondanco was estimated at 25,005. Tho Caulfleld meetings are now sufficiently well established in publio favor to make them a formidable rival to tho I'leniing- ton celebrations, were rivalry possible in such a mattor. Tho ono is really a feeder to tho other, for among the sporting community tho pleasures of a day on tho ono courso only servo to whet tho appetite for subsequent assemblages on tho other. Tho younger club, however, has succeeded in giving its grounds a distinctive quality of attractiveness, and a day at Caul fleld boars something of tho relation to a day at Flomington that Ascot does to Epsom. Tho Caulfleld course appeared in its best spring dress on Saturday. Tho lawns were iu bright green, liio pines and tho flowering shrubs wore their gayest nttire, and the day was sunny and ploasant, though it grew n sfiado too cold as the afternoon wore on. Whon the first race was started, there was a considerable con course of pooplo on tho ground, and an hour later tho attendance had reached its maximum. A very largo proportion of the spectators was conveyed to the courso by rail. From 11 o'clock iu the morning tha Flinders-streot railway station presented an unwonted sceuo of bustle, for trains wore being despatched from the centre platform every few minutes, and they were all crammed as rapidly as they drew up. Tho number of well appointed drags and car riages iu the carriage paddock, howovor, bore witness to the great body of people who had preferred tho road, whilo the oleganco of tho ladies' costumes to be seen in the grand stand or on the lawn, which their wearers were prome nading, testified to tho fact that tho day was one of more than ordinary interest in our sporting annals. Tho 6ceue was at all times an agreeable and animated one. In the interval between tho racos tho grand stand wus always well filled, and while tho events were being contested, like the uncovered stand in tho next ouclosure, it wns crowded to overflowing. In tho saddling paddock to the right there was a denso mass of people deeplv engaged in tho business of hotting, or criticising the points of tho competitors, and on the flat opposite, where tho laseiots on the sandy waste are beginning to tako picturesque form, the numerousassomhlago was of a charac ter to show that tho meeting is really a popular one. Tho soono is at all times bright and in teresting, and it roaches Its culminating point whon tlio bell 'announces that the hour for tho ruuning of tho Cnulfiold Cup has arrived. _ This . great handicap is plainly tho raison ciV.'re of tho largo and animated as- oeinblage. Thoro is much hurrying to seottro seats on tho stand, on carriages and drags and at other points which afford a good view of tho race, The steeds caparisoned for the Btrifo lightly canter, with occasional frisky pirouettes, down to tho starting place. There 1b considorablo difficulty in getting tho restive creatures into line, but at length a good start is effected, and as tho cluster of . competitors dash round the course all oyes aro strained to detect the posi tion of tho public favorite, on whoso running deponds tho distribution of an unusually largo amount of money. As the animals camo oppo site the stand for tho finish, with Silvcrmine lead ing for a fow seconds, great excitement prevnilod, But in another second tho fortuuo of war had declared in favor of Bon Bolt, aud more modified transports announced tho ronl winner. When tho horsos camo to scalo the assemblage on tho fiat rushud the oourse, and crowded round them in a way whioh showed unmis takably tho groat interest taken iu tho ovont. Nearly all tho spectators re mained to witness tho Stceplcohase, and then there wns a run for oarriagos, cabs and trains. The spsoial trains despatched by tho Railway dopartmont every fow minutes were equal to tho requirements of tho position, and by 7 o'clock nearly all tbo pleasure seekers of tbo day bad reached their homos in safety. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon tho wind had turned cold, and a few drops of raiu fell, but tho clouds held off, and tho day proved altogether a thoroughly onjoyablo one. The withdrawal of 12 horses from tho Soiling Race left only 11 to face tho starter in tho opening ovont of tho day, and the oppear- anco of Power in Mr. Whittinghnm's black nnd gold Beamed jacket justified the soleotion of Honora as favorite. Certain of a "straight run," whioh in soiling raoos is a consummation devoutly to ho wished, but net always arrived at, tho publio backod Honora heavily, the ready monoy bookmakers plying a capital trade, but a substantial commission boing exoeulod iu favor of Toronto quickly brought him. to tho front, tho money coming from a quarter where mistakos are the exception. During tho last fow months Powor and little Gorry havo on sovoral occasions had the finish to themselves, and an Interesting set to has invariably resulted. So it was in tho Selling Raco on Saturday, tho Caulfleld youngster ou Toronto winning. a remarkably fast rnoe from Ifonorn, whu was outpaced At the finish, while tho speedy Tiohborne could got no noarer than third.' Oil ' being submitted to auction, tho winner wa3 knockod down for £100 to Mr. J. 'G. Duffott who was bidding for tho ownar. Toronto having boon entered to bo sold for uil, the olnb started the day well by anncxins tho wholo amount ot tho purchase monoy. Tho first weight for ago rnoe that has over been includod in a V. A.T.G. programme, tbo Caulflohl Stakes, had 21 colored on the card, but as 12 of theso deolinod to meet Maluft - at weight for age, only nino started, and Commotion' ' being one ot tho nbsontces, Malua was ' insfallod 'a red hot even money favorite. At tho homo turn it looked a moral as Malua ran through his horses to tho front ; but Isonomy throw out a challongo at tho distanoo, nnd Malua, being on tho rails rathor oloso "pressed, bould never get up again, and wiis beaten by tho'speedy South Australian by half a length, Tho Nun finishing third. Foulaham scored- a olevor win in tho Nursory Handicap with Lady Lovoll, well rlddon by Robertson, beating the favorito, Hortonso. Mr. Pearson's Bedouin, who at ono time looked a winner, finished third. Immediately after the dooision of tho Nursery Handicap, a general - (novo was made to the paddoolr, to watoh tho craoke being prepared for the Caulfiold Cup. The nnoxplained withdrawal of Ifittlo John in tho morning bad caused considerable consternation omouxst a numerous class who had backed bim on the strength Of his recent running, but the only other absentee was Maronoy, whoso defection did not appear to interest anybody. Tho Ballarat horsc3 of courso commanded a numerous Icvlc, and, although Recall looked bright and well, ha Buffered by comparison with Britisher, whoso condition was superb. Losbia moved about tho paddock with tho sho-'t quick, dainty step, which is a characteristic "of this sterling little mare, and a close inspection of First Consul induced admiration for his fine proportions and a conviction that ho will be a great colt iu thoautiimn, being yot considerably above himself. Jim Cain, who, in the absence of his brothor, Little John, was tho 6olo repre sentative of Moran's stable, looked remarkably well, and but for his misfortune in the raco would probably have occupied a prominent position. Standing as quiet as a lamb was Millstroam, who is a bigger roguo than ho looks, reserving all his "playfulness" for tho post, whore ho subsequently showed in his true colors, acting liko an cquino larrikin, to tho danger and aunoyanco of everything that came near, or rather that failed to get out of his way. Boolka walkod round the paddock proudly, looking a perfect picture, and disputing with Brilishor tho honor of being the best conditioned horse in tho race. Many good judges declared Bon Bolt to bo big, and ho certainly lookod it at a casual glance, but ho is a horse of peculiar conformation, and that his pipe3 wore as clear as could bo was amply shown whon the crucial test came. Foul- sham had tho favorito, Silvcrmine, sad dled outsido to avoid tho crush as much as possible, but a numerous orowd found bim out and watched his toilet with interest. Since running second to William Toll for tho Newmarket Handicap ho has improved wonder fully, and is now as handsome as thoy can bo found, but in point of condition ho is succoptible of still greater Improvement, and it is apparent that bis nine days' enforced absence from tho training ground had their orteot Sinco bis rapid recovery he has done good work and done it well, buthcingsonearthcday it was of necessity hurried, and should all go well during tbo next fortnight, he will probably srip on Mel bourne Cupday at least asoven pounds better hor3o than ho was on Saturday. Of tho other Cup candidates Moutmoro and Islander looked about tho fittest. A vexatious delay occurred at the post, Tho Lovito using his heels freely and creating a great disturbance. Millstream, of courso, followed an example so congonial to his taste, and after subjecting Gorry to a mo3t uocomfortablo oxperioncc had to be removed, to tho extremo outsido. Tho start eventually effected was a splendid one, and the raoe, which is described in detail hotow, was watohed from end to ond with intenso interest. Carry ing top weight, it was very quostionaklo policy for Olds to rush Boolka to tha front and make nearly all the running, and the tactics thus adopted probably extinguished whatever chauco Mr. Miller's horse may havo possessed. As Jim Cain fell at tho first turn past the weigh ing room a scream wont up from tho grand stand, and liko lightuing flash tho recol lection of the torriblo sceuo of last year was revived. Happily, however, tho wostorn kurso brought nothing olso down with him, although three or four wore materially affoctod by tbo accident, through beiug un avoidably jostled and thrown outof tkoir stridos. Jim Cain's rider fortunately escaped unhurt and can givo no explanation of tho mishap. No other korso oollided with him nor ho with anything olso, and the probability is that in galloping ho crossed his feet. Three furlongs from homo, with tho exception porhaps of Tarpoia and Millstroam, nothing lookod loss likoly to win than Beu Bolt, who was badly placed in the ruok, but in tho next hundred yards tho Queonslander had mado up a marvellous lot of ground, and, although not nearly on torms with tho loaders, was ap proaching thorn at ovory stride, Boolka was beaten at tho home turn, and Fallon, making a run ou Britisher, showed tho way Into tho straight aud took possession ot the iusida, a supposed advantago which nine jookoys out of overy ton strivo for, but which at Caulfleld Is a fatal mistake. Quickly the favorite eet sail and half way np the straight the only doubt ns to the finality appeared to bo whothor Silvermino could woar Britishor down. This was soon set at rest, the Tasmanian re sponding gallantly to Robortson's vigorous call, and Britisher was beaten. ' Fallon had set him an unreasonable task In making such an early run, aud it was only Britisher's superb con dition that enabled him to sustaiu tho offort so long. AUoyoskad boon on the loading pair, who wore apparently lighting out tho finish to thomsolvos, and by tho time that tho favorito had collared Britisher tho ond of tho stand had been reached. Frantio cries of "Silvermino" rose from a thousand throats ns tho peoplo's favorito seemed certain of victory, but within a hundred and fifty yards of the po3t and just as Kobortsoa's gold jacket had forged ahead of the Ballarat stripes, a spasmodic shout of " Don Bolt" went up, tho Qneonslauder swooping down wido on the outside, snatolicd tho valuablo prizo literally out of the fire by a bare neck. Ben Bolt Is a bay horse, 5 years old, by Nowbold— Lady Baldwin, and stands 15 hands 2£ tnohes. lie was bred by Mr. John Finnic, of Toowoomba, Quoonsiand, and said as a yearling toMr. W. Strickland, of Bowen, for £70. As a two-year-old ho was nover beaten, and won several races, and his total record Iu his nativo colony was 22 wins out of 24 raaes. Mr. William Moffatt, late of Rook- hnmpton, woll known a fow years ago in Mel bourne football ciroles, after seoing Ben Bolt run sovoral timo3 in Queensland, and being etrougiy impressed with his aapaoity, secured a loaso of tho horso from tho 15th August, 1885, until tho 7th of noxt January, and hasjul ready oarried off tho rioh Carrington Stakes in Sydney, and the Caulfleld Cup, besides running second to Tompo in Tattersail's Cup nnd third to the sumo mare in tho Summer Cup at Randwiok. The stable have won a big stake, and although the Caullield Cup has been a good hatting raco. Ban Bait wns ono of tho worst horses for tho ring. Tho win was dividod amongst several persons, the largest individual winner probably boing a well known patron of Kolly's stable, and It is. satisfac tory to hear that O'Brien was laid £2000 to nothing, for nover was a substantial reward for coolness, judgment and skill more richly dosarved. In addition to Boolka, who perfonnod sploudidly for a luilo nnd a quarter, Recall and Lesbln ran well through out, but wore apparently outolassed at tbo finish, and for over a mile Tho Lorite and Bonnie Doon were prominent; Tho popu larity of euoh a combination as Biaok- thorn and Corrigan was shown by tho way in which the pnblio planked their money on old Panto's grandson for tha Stooploobasa, and it is a question whether tho horso or his rider in spired most coniidenoo. The favorito, kowevor, after running woll forward un til within two jumps of homo, tired away undor tho severe pace, whioh hod long before settled Lady Ashton, and a oanltal ohttso, in whioh there were only two spills of no conacquenoo, resulted eventually in an easy win for Contingent, followed by Irish man end Havclock. Tho Wlntor Honiltoap, whioh wound up tho meeting, brought to tlio post 22 starters, flvo or six of which wore fanoicd by their respootlvo stables ond baoked for good stakes. William Tell ran a great horse, with 9 st. 5 lb. in the saddle, but in the- home run he succumbed to Don Giovan, ToJ ronto, who had won tho first raoe of the day" finishing third. Tho following aro tho re sults Sr.Li.iso rtACK, or too SO/3. The winner to be sold for £150. 1'ivo furlongs. If. Oxcnbam's b g Toronto Into Atranlo), G, yrs. (ml), by Miirlbyrnong— Cameo, 7 at. 2 U (Gorry) 1 J. \\\ hlttlnghnm s br in Honors, G yrs. («i7), 7 at. 21b. G. ipAutey's b li Tlcbbomc, G yrs. (uif), 7 W. A. Fiigato's ch h Tho Baron, 5 yrs. (SMiT'b irt 3 7 lb, ... .. .. .. ., (Onion) 0 A. 1-. Uradshaw's ch m Seaweed,, nged, (£25), 7 it. 9 lb. (Williams) O T. Jones's b li Mistake, nged (£25), 0 st. . (It. Draco) 0 K. Deuce ns br li Ciutlnnd, 6 yrs. (/til), 7 at. 7 lb. D. Eobtnson's g g Land Skaric, aged, (»(/), VsL? to! . (Drett) 0 w. Teal-son s g in Jlelengrtda, 4 yrs. (nil), 1st 2 lb. _ . , .. (Churehlilll) O D._Foantaln's c Bongo et Noir, 3 yrs. (n(t|, G st. J!1- ". (Fountain) 0 ir. Hoystead's ch g Ariel, aged (nit), 7 st. 2 to. .. (Ilarbutt) O Bolting: 2 to 1 against Toronto. 5 to 2 Ifonorn, 5 to 1 Ariol. After two or three attempts Cudtand, with lionora nnd Scawoed, got quickest sway, tlio latter pair, with Allot, being pretty well sbreast in trout ns they- came round tlio turn, with Toronto closo behind. Turning into the straight. Seaweed droppod back, nnd Honora ontcred with n slight lend over Ariel. However. Gorry brought Toronto up. nnd a good finish resulted In his mount beating Honora home by a length nnd tlu-oo quarters, Tlch- l ornc, who ran forward til the straight, getting third place three lengths nivny. Mistake was fourth, Ariol llfth. Tlio Baron sixth, Itouge et Notr next nnd Land Shark Inst. Tfinc, 1 mtn, 4 see. Tho winner wus bought In for £1G0. CAUtriEt.D STAKns, of 200SOVS., cidded ton sweepstakes of 5 sovs each. Weight for ago. One mtto uud n furlong. M. Locke's bit Isonomy.byWintcrlako— Ituby,4yra., 9 st. 1 lb., including 1 to. over.. .. (Quinn) I J. O. Inglis's b U Mnina, nged, 0 St. 0 lb., Including 4 to. over (Owner) 2 W. D. Jtobcrtson's b f Tits Nun, 3 yrs., 7 at. 6 lb. C. Kritshka's'br h Toung Horatio, oged, 9 at. 'Jto 3 , (Masters) 0 M. Loughlin'a br h Shoct Anchor, nged, 9 sr. 4 lb. .. (M. O'Brien) 0 R. Q. Tnlbol'a b h Highland Chief, 4 yrs., 9 at. _ (Moore) 0 J. G. Hold's ch m Grace Darling, G yrs., 8 st. 13 lb. , (WiUinms) 0 W. Pearson's b c Opal, 3 yri, B at. 31b., Including 6 lb. orer (W00J) 0 B. Giuy'a b or br c Retort, 3 yrs., 7 st 11 lb. (M'Maliou) 0 Betting: Even against Malua, 5 to 1 Isonomv, 5 to 1 Grace Darling, and G to 1 Sheot Anchor. Malua had the liiBide running, and when tho horaea wero ncnt away with tho first attempt, he, with The Nun and Isonomy showed !n front, the favorite soon afterwards taking up third position. These placos wcro maintained for a furlong or twoj nnd entering on tho ran along the ! back, Malua. still retaining his Inside portion, moved forward, and showed in tho lead, with Retort and Sheet Anchor second nnd third, The Nuu. Isonomy, and Grace Darllug being cioso behlud. Along the bnck The Nun went to the front, followed by High land Chief, Malua being noxt, with Graco Darling, Isonomy, Sheet Anchor nnd Young Horatio following In order |as written, Opal bring n bad last. For a short distance Uighlnnd Chief took tho load, but at the far turn on tho railway side, Tho Nun again re sumed her place at the head of tho field, tlio others lu order being Highland Chief, Muluu, Isonomy and Sheet Anchor. Coming round tho turn towards home Tho Nun led, with Isonomy nnd Malua closo on her, Highland Chief now dropping back, while Graco Darling and Sheet Anchor, were closo behind the three leading horses. As tho turn luto the straight was approached tho favorite Improved his position, and took the lead as they turned In; ho was closely pursued by Isonomy, who kept hliu very closo to the rails, Tho Nun olso blug woll up. However, the rncc lay between Isonomy ami Malua, and while tho former finished very gamely, the favorite did not make his customary brilliant finish, the result being that ho was Ucfoatcd by three quarters of u length by tho South Australian horse.; tho Nun only half a length away was third, Sheet Anchor fourth, Graee Darling Ulth, Highland Chief sixth, Young Horatio soventU, Opal and Retort being last. Time, 2 mln. l| sec. Nuuskry IIasduui. of 150 sovs., added toa3wcop- takes of 3 sovs. each for acceptors, For 2yr. olds. Four furlongs and a half, J. Cilssold's br f Lady Lovcll, by Tlio Drum- mor— Paradigm, 7 st 12 lb. .. (Robertson) I C. L. MVDonald's br or bk f Hortcnso, 9 st. 8 lb, (Campbell) 2 W. rcorson's br c Ikdouin, 7 st 10 lb, (rower) 3 T. Jones's b g Epicurean, 8 at. 4 lb. (M. O'Brien) 0 E. Harlot's b g Flrebrace, 8st. , (Itlckctson) O T. Coffey's br c Jobusltc, 7 st 11 lb. (Williamson) O R. G. Talbot's chc Lord Allen, 7 et. 10 lu. (Keelson) 0 J. A Lang's b or br c Bugler, 7 st. 10 lb. (Pago) 0 F. Cllssold'a ch o OlcutworUi, 7 st. 6 lb. (Morrison) O W. Pearson's b or br c Citadel, 7 st. G lb. (Churchill) O J. if. Hill's b f Probation, 7 st. 6 lb. (Including 1 lb. over) (Fitgg) 0 A. Chalk's b f Murmur, 7 at. 5 lb. ,, (Howie) 0 S. Horifall's b c St. Mtuhacl, 7 st. 4 lb. (Turnhnm) 0 J. Uaimos's brc Albert LoJJod, 7 fit. 4 lb. (Crown) . 0 J. Harper's b g Julian Gray, 7 st. 2 lb, <2>iccri) 0 J. G. Rcld's ch f Golden Flecco, 7 st. 2 lb. (Gorry) 0 J. Ilsrpcr's br f Necturluo, 7st. 2 lb, ,, (Bcnco) 0 A F. Bradshaw's be Tho Dreamer, 7 st.(WilUamj) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 against Hortcnsc, S to I Bedouin, 0 to 1 Lady Lovoll, 8 to 1 Probation. Tho majority of tlio youngsters started on protty even terms but amongst those who dhl not get olf well were tho favorite, Hortcnso, and Murmur, the latter being left at tho post and thas losing so much ground as to destroy any cnaticc sho might havo posscssod of win ning. Julian Gray, Flrebrace, Bedouin and Probation got off pretty well, and coming round tlio turn Fire- Draco was a couplo of longth; ahead of Julian Gray, with Hortcnso and Bcdouiu In closo attendance, Tho loader maintained Ills position until tho straight was reached, Julian Gray nnd Bedouin kcoping closo behind hfra. At tho distance Lady Lovcll, followed by Hortonso, camo through the field, nnd ft rattling finish between tho pair resulted in tho favorito getting de feated by u ahoi't ucck, Bodouln, 2) lengths awav, securing third plnca ; Flrcbraco was fourth, Julian Gray fifth, Epicurean sixth, while The Dreamer finished last Time, 57s. TlIK CAVLVHST.D CUP, Of 1500 SOTI. 10)0 SOVS. to tho first, 300 sors. to tho secoud and 200 sovs. to Lire third. One mile and a half. W. Strickland's b h Ben Bolt, by Ncwbold— Ls ly Baldwin, 5 yrs. 7 st. Gib (M. O'llrleii) I R, J. S.ulller's bk h Silvcrmine, 5 yrs., 8 st, ,, .. .. .« .. (A, Roburhan) 2 M. Loughlin's b g Britisher, aged, U At. 2lU (Fulton) 3 S. MlUcr's br h Boolka, oged, B st, 7 lb. (olds) 0 \Y. A Spavhei'b br or bk h Zciio, 5 yrs. (including 7 lb, penally), 7 at. 10 lb (EUls) 0 S. G. Cook's ch h Remus, -i yrs., 7 st. 8 lb. (Daltou) 0 T. Coffey's br h St. John, t> yrs., 7 st 5 lb. . (J. Williamson) 0 A. F. Smart's b h Burrllda, 4 yrs, (Including 7 lb. pcnaltv), 7 Ht. 31b. .. , ,, (GougU) 0 O. Uaructt's br nt Lcsbla, ageJ, 7 st. 2 lb. (Kci(crn) 0 K. Orr's b li Recall, 4 7 st I lb. (E. Poucr) 0 0, L. Macdonald's U It Tho LctUc, aged, 7 «t. 1 lb. .. .. .. (Campbell) 0 1\. Fouhhain ns ch m Bonnlo Doon, 4 yrt 7 at. 1 lb. . (Stcbblegfi) 0 \Y. A. Fllgafo's ch m Tarpets, 3 yrs., G st. 13 lb. .. (Fagg) 0 J. Whtttlngham's bli Hcutiuore, C yr., Gat. U lb. ,, .. (W'ulkcr) O J. G. ltcld'a b g Millstream, G yrs., 6 st. 9 lb. (Horry) O \Y, Moran's br g Jim Cain, 4 yrs., 6 at, 0 lb. ,, „ (Amrm) O Sir W. J. Clatke'a br c First Consul, 3 yrs., 6 st. U lb. (Including 3 lb. over) .. .. ..(Bruce) 0 G. 1L Road's g U Islandor, 4 3'M.i C st 0 lb. „ (Tornlln) 0 Belling : 4 to 1 against Silvermino, 5 to I Britisher, 7 to 1 Boolka, 8 to I each Ben Bolt ond Recall, 15 to 1 St. John, 20 to 1 each Lcsbla and Tho Lovhe. 25 to 1 each Mcntmoro, MUlstroam and First Consul, 33 to 1 Jim Cahv After tha horsos had assembled at tlio starting post Mr Watson wns put to considerable troublo to get them Into lino owing to 'the intractablcness of MlUstrenm and tho freshness of Tho Lcriio and Jim CiUn. Millstream was tho first horso taken to the post, and though ho was that afforded plenty of tlmo to get accustomed by decrees to hU surroundings, ho could scarcely be In- ducod to move whon Gorry was put on hU back. Tho jockoy trlod by every means to got Millstream to jola tho othcrhorsos. using his whip freely after cajoling had been found to bo useless. Tha gelding, howovor, could hardly bo persuaded to move in any direction. Moan- while tho other horses, with tho excoption ot tho Levlto, who was lit a sportive mood, aud was kicking at every- 1 thing within reach, uud Jlin Cain, who was Inclined to jump about, ,too4 up in a lino. Islander, LcsWsi Boulka and KecaU boing on tho liutds. In the contro l .Ido by sldo, stood Britishor and Sllrci-mlne 4 rrffh First COasal "and Bonnlo Dora wffl oo Hue outside 1/oro Burritda, Tho Lovito, Jim Caln.l Tarpela and Zeno. Millstream was at length squewedf Into a place, aad the starter without delay despatched) the lutto (Tsplcndid atari, even Millstream not Joslnrf more than two or three lengths. Jim Calo aud But-t rlida olso were lather slow lu getting off, while, on) tho oilier hand, St John was undoubtedly! quickest, and gained throa parts of a length,! Zcnoond Boolka also got under way very quickly. St. I John at once took tho inside running, and, as the horses ' approached tho stand, ho was leading, with Boolka,' Lesbla, Zcno, Tlio Levltc, Britisher and Beu Bolt, all occupying good positions In tlio front of Hid field. I'a3sing tho atand, four horses— Zcno, Thd Lcvite, St. John and Boolka— .wcro almost abreast; in tlio lead, with First Consul, Ben Bolt, 1 BrJtiiiher, Mcntmoro, Lesbia, Silvcrmine and Tarpela nosrest to them, Burrllda and MHlatrcam being last. AS tho horses turned away from tlio straight, Jha Cftlu' stumbled and fell, this causing nearly all the horses to run wide, tho exceptions being Boolka nnd BonnJo' Doon. This circumstance gave the pair named an ad-' vantage, and 03 the field roandad the turn away frot ! tha straight Boolka, on tho Inside, had a load over Bonnlo Doon, Mcntmoro ana Britisher being very close up, with Recall, Tho Lovito and Lcstiia in the next positions. Turning along towards the back Boolka led tho way, with Bonnlo Doon and Mcntmoro right on his quarter, Britisher nnd Recall being noxt, whilo St. John and SHverznlnj were at tho head of the others. The same horses retained Huh' positions along tho back, Tho Lcvite, Manilla Doon and Mcntmoro being almost on evcu tcrni3 with Boolka, wlillc Britisher and St. John wcro close behind. At tho far turn near tho railway side Bonnlo Doon nnd Boolka were a couple of lengths ahead of Britishor, trho had the inside running bchlrd Mr. Miller's horse, St. John, Mcntmoro, Recall, Heir Bolt, The Lovito nnd Silvcrmine being tho noxt lo%; Entering ou the half-mllo run for homo, Bonnie Door; had a slight lead over Boollm, who was just iu front of Britisher, the others hi order being The I.evlio Mcntmoro, St John, Remus, Silvcrmine, Recall! Lesbia, First Consul, Ben Bolt nnd Ztoo, with Mill- stream and Islander in tho rear. Eoo'iUa had now had about enough, nnd as tlio sod wall wus passed lie had dropped back to about fifth place; Britisher on the In side, with Bonnie Doon, Tlio Levltc, Sr. John, Filvcr- mlnound Recall forming tho front division. As (he horses nenred the tum into the ali'mijit runijing, Bonnie Dcou dropped back ft tit. and Sr. John moved forward. Silver- nine also Improving hU paction, the result being time- Britisher had about thrce- quurters of a length (cad over St. John as thoy turned Into the straight, Silvcr- Rbout a length behind St. John. At tills "time Robertson hud not moved on the farorhe. who was going grandly, and looked a very likely winner. Bonnlo Doon -was fourth Into the straight. Recall, Lwbla itnd Beu Bolt Being next, with Remus nnd Zeno following. BiiMriicr continued to lend, but Silvermino gradually overhauled him, and about half way down It was aeen that he had a slight advantage over the Ballarat horeo and would beat him home for h certainty. Tho pair were rucing together near the InsUe rail.?, nnd about 1I10 distance O'Biicn broughc Ben Bolt out of his position nt tho hea l cf the remainder of tho field, nud taking him right out Into tho centra of the course made a most brilliant run, catch ing Britisher, then Sllrercilce, within about 30 yards of tho winning pa>t. The finish between tho three horses wasn tnugnfiicent one. but the Quecnslandor, by his splen did run, managed to got his hc&d; In front of the favorite on the past, tho judge's verdict being fit favor of Best Boh by a short neck. Britisher, not half n length away, took third place, and Recall, who &Uo; ran np well hi tho straight, was fourth, only about n length behind. Lesbia finished fifth. St. John sixth, Remus seventh. Boolka eighth, The Lovito ninth, Mcntmoro being at tho head of tho othors, who were whipped In by MUtstream nnd Tarpela, the latter boing the absolute last. Time, 2 mln. 42 sec. . "WINNERS OP THE CAGLFIELD PUP. 2 jf- Z Horse. rcdlsreo. 4f c Time. >< £ « \- 90 !/i 1879 Newmlnstcr, 5 yrs The Marquis — Spa 3 10 15 2.454 1830 Tom Kirk, aged Ladyklrk— Spa ., 8 3 12 2,234 1881 Blue Ribbon, 4 yrs. .. .. Derby— Derelict .. 7 3 15 2.30 1331 Master Avenel, 6 Julloa Avcucl — yrs Lady Walhiroy,. 7 12 17 2.291 1882 Llttlo Jack, 3 King Colo — Ctia- yrs rada .. ; G 11 32 2.4I4 1383 Cnlma,- 4 yrs. .. Tattendon — Lon donPrldo ..8 2 25 2..j2 1334 Blink Bonny, 6 5 U Albans — yrs, .. .. Medea .« ,.7 3 28 2.4O 1835 Graco Darling. .6 yrs... .. Tho Diver -Zoo .. 7 10 41 2..|Q 183S Ben Bolt, 5 yrs. New bo id— Lady RiiMwIn..- ..7 618 2 42 Notr. In 1379, 1882, 1B83, 1884, 1885 and 1836, the distance was a mile and a half. In 1630 nnd 1881, a mile and a quarter nnd ft distance. Two races were run in 1881, In the autumu and spring respectively. Opek H.vrmtcur Stkk?lkcttas, of 250 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 5 sqvj. each; second, 50 sots. About two uilloi and a half. J. L. Clougb's b 2 Contingent, aged 9st. 121b., by The Wizard.. (Gardiner) I 9\. Miller's g g Tho Irishman, 6 :-Ti.,llst, 0 lb. (H. Watson) 2 IL Oxcnliam's br g H&Tclock;, aged, 10 st. .. .. .. (Mnlonc) 3 \Y. rcarson'a b m Lady Ashton, aged, 13 sr. 7 lb. (M'Lcod) 0 \V. E. Power's br g Blackthorn, aged, 11 st. 2 lb. „ .. .. .. .. (T. Corrigan) f W. A. Fiigato's b m Lady Canlngtod, aged, 10 sr. 10 lb. .. (Kftln) < J. E. Bccston's br g Teraugy aged, 10 st 8 lb. ,, .. .. (J. King) 0 J. Tile's br g Brown Eagle, aged, 10 st. 7 lb .. (S. Floyd) C J. MtGrade's br g Moonlight nged, 10 at. (Cuplt) 0 M. Moran's b g Victor, nged, 9 st. 8 lb. (Rosi) 0 C. Fiigato's li g Our Boy, nged, D st. 7 lb. .. (Kllduff) 0 \Y. ' Nell's b g Sir Samuol, aged, 9 at 7 lb. ,, M .. - .. (U|Gowon) .0 Betting: 4 to 1 each against Blackthorn and H&vc-; lnck. 5 to I Sir Samuol, G to 1 each Lady Ashton and Tlio Irishman. Blackthorn ahmrcd the way over Iho first fence, ho being followed by Sir Siumicl, Terang, Tho Irishman and Havclock. As they passou the Htand Terang had tlio lead, tho others in order boing Blackthorn, Sir Samuel, 'Hie Irishman, Brown Eaglo; Lady Carrington, llavelock, Victor, Lady Ashton, Contingent and Our Boy, Moon light" being nt tho rear of the hnnt All tho horsos negociatcd tho treble without mistake, and vTcrang led orer the hlU, with Sir Samuol, Lady Carrington and Blackthorn nearest to hlin, Con tingent keeping well behind, 'ihcro was no gwnt chango to note ns tho horses went along tho haok and around tho tnrn, whore Tcmng led Browu Englo. At the fence on the turn beforo entering on tho straight Victor fell, and wa3 put out of tho race. In negotiating the jumps In front of tho stnud for the second time Tcrnng led Blackthorn, Sir Samuol, Lady Cmrlugton tuid Contingent, (hd«o forming the frontdivl- ion. Sir Samuel fell very heavily over the logs and garo his rider M'Qowan ft nn-tyconcusrien. The horschlm- eolf was apparently bodily Injured. At tho lat feiico Contingent took the lead, Lady Carrington and Havclock both striking and losing ground. Contingent led Into tho straight, where ho was pursued by Tho Irishman, who. howorcr, was still 10 lengths bchliul us tho post wns passed. Havclock. three lengths away, was thin). Blackthorn finishing fourth. Lady Carrington fifth, tho others to finish being Moonlight, Terang, Brown Ragle and Lady Ashton. Tim?, 5 mln. 23 see. WiKDon hajctmcap, of 150 sovs., added to a sweep- stakca of 3 sovs. each for starters. Six furlongs. J. Morrison's b e Don Giovan, by Don Giovanni— Guickstcp, 3 yrs., 6st. li lb. .. (Johnston) I S. Miller'a ch h Will'mn Tell, G yr?., 9 8k 5lb. (Olds) If. Oxcnham's b g Toronto (Into Atranlo), 6yn,7" ;; sh 2 lb. .. (Gorry) 3 J. Crlppi's bk h Duration, G yrs., 8 st. 13 lu. » ,. .. (T. Drowu) Q J. O. Hold's ch g The Ghost, nged, 8 st. 3 lb. .. .. .. — .. (J. Williams) 0 S. Miller's br c Munwyrllna, 3 yrs,, 7 st. ,10 lie ,» — - .. .. .. (M'Intosh) a S. Martin's ch c All Gold, 4 yw.,7 st. 9 lb. (inch.dlng ' I lb over) .. ». .. .. (T. Hales) 0 S. Nftthau's ch m Straight Shot, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. .. .. .. .. .. (J. Williamson) Q R. Howlo's br c Huron, -4 yrs.. 7 st. 6 lb. (rower) Q J. G. Kohl's b or br f G:\dllr, 3 yrs., 7 St. 6 lb. . » .. . - (G. Brown) O M. P. Whttty's cli ( Vascoja, 4 yrs., 7 ot 61b. ' ,, ,, .. (Ettcrldge) O M. Jncobs's eh f Sedition, 4 yrs. . 7 st. S lb. (Rcdfern) O C. Kvushkii's b g St. Albeit, G vrs., 7 St. 1 lb. (In eluding I lb. over) ». (Neesan) O I. Foulshnm ns b h Sirocco, 5 yr?., 7 sh (Stcbbfngs) O W. A. Fiigato's ch U The Barou, 5 yrs., 7 it. (Fagg) if. l U. M'Kenzio's b t Mia Mia, 3 yn., 6. at 12 lb. «« , »v. .; . (Martin O'Uricn) 0 J. "Whlttlngham's cb £ Oclsta, 4 yrs., 6 at. 11 lb. . « ! .. .. (Walker) 0 W» T. Bryant's b c Lord of the Manor. 3 yrs., 6 sL 11 lb. .. .7 (D. Williams) 0 B. R. Kerr's b c Donald, 3 yrs., 6 fit. 11 lb. (In eluding 2 lb. over) .. .» .» (Brace) 0 F. Leng ns ch g Ccstas, aged, 0 fit. 6 lb. (romlln) 0 Betting: 4 to 1 against William Tell, 5. to 1 Don GIo- van, 6 to 1 Toronto, 8 to l' Straight Shot, 10 to 1 All' Gold. Tho horses went away to a moderate start, of which Sedition, All Gold, Lord of ' tho Manor and St. \- Albert got rathor the best Lord of the Manor was soon In the load, where, as thoy came round tho turn, ho was joined by William Tell. The lost named led into the straight, where Don Gloran and Toronto came through, and a rattling finish tovk place, result Ing In Don Glovan beating William Tell by a length for first place. Toronto filled third position abont a length and a half behind William Tell. Tho Ghost mode a good ran In the straight and finished fourth, with cstns fifth and Mustang sixth, tho last horse of the field being St. Albert 'Jime, 1 mln. 17 sec. The following is the value of the stakes won ; At the recent meetibg of the Y. A.T. C. : — \- W. Strickland, 1st Caulfleld Cup .. .. XI, 000 C. L. M 'Donald, 1st Great Foal Stakes, £540; 2nd Nursery Handicap, £3 .. .. .. 543 M. Loaghiin, 1st Hurdle Race, £251 ; 3rd Caul- field Cup, £200 451 W. A Long, 1st Caulfleld Guineas 355 \- B. J. Sadlier, 2nd caulfleld Cap.. - .. .. 300 C. L. Clotigh, 1st Stecplcch&so; .. .. .. 275 M. Locho, 1st Cauificld Stakes 24O 1 J. Tally, 1st Toowk Handicap ,, .. 237 J. Morrison, 1st Windsor Handicap .. 213 ' C. Collins, 1st Maiden Plate .. .. .» 210 F. Cllssold, 1st Nursery, Handicap .. ' V. 207 J. O. Inglls, 1st Australian Hunters' Cup, £150; 2nd CaalfioM Stakes, £5 ., .. 155 1L Oxenh&m;, 1st Selling Raco. .. .. .. 100 J. White, 2nd Caulfleld Guineas.. .< .. 75 S. Miller, 2nd Steeplechase, £50 ; 2nd Toornk: Handicap, £3; 2nd Windsor IlnnJlcap, £3.. - : 50 \- J. R. Smith, 2nd Great Foul Stakes' 50 -J. H. llill, 2nd Great Foal Stakes .. ' 60 J. Sfnrphy, 2nd Australian Hunters1 Cup 60 Sir W. J. Clarke, 3rd Caulfleld Guineas - .. 25 \- A. Anderson, 3rd Australian Hunters' Cup .. 25 It. G. Talbot, 2nd Maiden Plate 3' It Connolly, 2ud Hurdlo Race 3 