Tales and Sketches. Claiborne Zean, 5rom the "Century." (Oontlmied.) He forgot the lapse of time, but the striking | of a clock reminded Edith. "Itis nearly time now," she said; "have you a ticket ?" He got up wearily and went across to the office. The child had tired of playing with her purchases, and was sleepy and fretful, and her mother was trying to keep her awake as Keen came baok with his pocket-book in his hand. He snapped the bright clasp to amuse her, and she roused up and took it to play with. When the train whistled-. Edith bade her give it back, but she demurred, and Kean said: "Ho5 keep it, Ellie. Here are some pennies Til put in it, for you and nobody else. Get mamma to put it away for you when you go home." Edith thought he had of course taken out the rest of his money, but when she looked I that night she found he had not. Her instant impulse was to return it, and she eat down to : write to Helen about it, but finally could not make up her mind that she had a right to take it from the child, cor find the heart to thrust j it back upon him. When Kean had given the child the pocket' book they three went out upon the platform. It was bright moonlight by this time. The train came clanging ia and stood, hissing. Keau stooped and kissed the little girl, then held Edith's hand a moment. She Baid good bye; and he turned and climbed up the steps of the oar, grasping the irons with both hands. Edith lingered till the train was gone, but did not see bun again. Kean sat with his back to the window, and the tram went plunging on. To his sense it was as if chaos crashed around him. All that oestral order and calzz»of which he had spoken to her was no more. He was swallowed up in a eea of confusion. All was false, mocking, unjust; truth trampled and spit upon, lying deceit rewarded and triumphant, Satan the ruler of the world, and the earth his fit abiding place. Job's old desperation cried out again : "He will laugh at the trial of the innocent." "The just, upright man is langhed to scorn." "The tabernacles of robbers prosper !" Sounds and sights of terror raved round liim, waking dream and dozing vision and swoon of utter ex haustion and desolation mingling and succeed ing one another. Eight and day were alike to him, and he stayed where he was in the ordinary car. The conductor's lantern flishing in his face half roused him now and then ; and when he continued to drowse after daylight he excited contempt. When another conductor took the train, the two came in and looked at him sunk in his corner. "A day of fasting and humiliation will ! bring him round, I reckon," one said. . The next conductor was more doubtful, aud another talked to him and telegraphed ahead. When they stopped for breakfast on the second morning, a doctor was writing for them and came into the oar. Kean lay still in the corner of the seat. "He hasn't been ont of the car, ani hardly ever mores," the conductor said. The doctor beat over and held Kean's wrist, . and examined his face cloiely. " He's no drinking man," be said. He took hold of him and made him get on I his feet, shook him, and called sharply into I his half-open eyes, " What's the matter with you ?" Kean heard the words from the upper air and tried to remember, bat the waters were too deep above bim, They got him out of the car, and the crisp air revived him somewhat. The doctor took him into the breakfast-room, set him down io an arm-chair, got him some food, and ordered him to eat; and he tried, but did not succeed very welL The doctor brought something in a glass and made him drink. Then he sat close in front of him and questioned him distinctly and with repetition, making notes with his pocket-pen on a pre scription paper. . Then he went into the telegraph office. When he came back he said:— "Tve sent word to your brother." He went back into the car with him, spoke to the con ductor, and said a parting word to Kean. Kean felt in his pockets, and looked blank, trying to remember something. " 1 don't think I've got any money," he . arid. * 11" I haven't asked you for any," the doctor answered, and went out abruptly. Then Kean felt tbe world swinging on again, and the deep sea rolled over him. At nightfall Dr. George boarded the traio, and took charge of his brother. Some time later, while Kean was still weak and confined to the house, he told Helen one day a part of the story, and she showed him a letter she had received from Edith, written the night of his departure from Eranklinburg, in which she told Helen of her meeting with him and her fear that he was ill, and anxiety to hear of his safe arrival. The broken intercourse thus resumed, Helen and Edith kept up a correspondence thence forth, In which the affectionate relations of the two friends were renewed. A year or two later Edith was forced to leave her husband, and returned with her little girl , to her native Tillage, where Helen went occasionally to visit her, and helped her to find work to support herself, felia was in tbo city now and then, and Kean met her casually and exchanged a few words with her once or twice .inhalf a year. So three or four half-years passed., It was cummer, and the shadow of pestilence fell upon the far south. Ono afternoon Kean oamo In hastily, and allowed Helen an evening paper in which Bhe read! — . " Charles H. Harcy is down with the fever here, the only new case to-day." Kean left Helen reading it and went upstairs to hie room. She heard him tramping about overhead. She followed him and found him packing a Valise, He ailed her about some of his things. She went over and closed a drawer and leaned against it. 1 What are you about, Olay P" she ashed. "I'm going down tbero," he said. "Don't try to hinder me," When he first saw the despatch, he fell into a reverie, from whioh he awoko suddenly with something like affright, and a remembered phrase in his mind about one who was "con a.:-- v,:. '» TTst fnrvt a nuiek senting unto his death." He . took a quick resolve, got up, and came hurriedly home. Helen left him in his room, came down, and sent for her husband. Presently there was a ring, and she heard Edith's voice, and went to meet her. Editli was excited; she saw the paper in Helen's hand. "You have seen it then," she said; "tell rae what X ought to do. X think X should go there, but I have not the money. Helen heard George on the stair, and went I out and told him. He came in and .took Edith's hand, and spoko to her gravely: " I do not think you should go there ; your first duty is here with your child." Quick steps came down the stair, and Eean tramped in wi'h his valise grasped tight, and his hat on his head. He had heard part of the words; he looked round and comprehended He stood before Kdith, and a great thankful ness came over him that he had so decided. " I am going there," he said to her. Then Edith sank down on a low seat, and covered her face. George came and took hold j of his brother, and drew him outeido the door. " Olay," he eaid, "what do yon mssn ? He i has no claim on you. There is one chance in 10 of your coming back, and he may be dead before you get there?" But he answered: " George, X'm sorry about you and Helen, but do not try to hinder me. It is no use. X am going on my own account, not his." George studied him earnestly and shook his head j but he brought him in again, and said to him: ? "Waithere. We will go with you to the depAt" ■ . He ran down to order a carriage, and Helen left the room. Sean came a stood with Edith. Both were silent awhile. " Oh, I have made such trouble 1" she sobbed. "Hush, Edith,"he answered; "don'tdothafc. I feel it no trouble. I am eager to go, except | for Helen and George." George and Helen came back presently and (he carriage was waiting. Helen took hold of Olay's arm and be felt her trembling; but she did not dissuade him. At the door Olay fal tered and looked back. Helen went over where Edith still sat and brought her with them. Xn the carriage Clay pencilled'some instructions, then talked cheerfully to one and another. The others had all three the feeling that they were going to a funeral. Then they stood together in the thronging depot. George held him and dropped bis head a moment, then said: " Promise that you will use every precaution I ani do all jou can to keep well, or X won't let I yon go." Olay promised and turned to Helen, who was leaning on her husband's arm, and she did not speak but drew- down Clay's face quickly and kissed him. He hesitated; looked at them all, | took Edith's hand, and was gone. Helen made Edith come and stay with them. They heard pretty constantly from Ciay, directly or through the prets; and one day the report came that Marcy was convalescent, and that he would undoubtedly have died but for the devotion of Dr. Eean. Two weeks later George came, in one morn ing and brought them news that his face told without woras-Clay was down. Marcy, still weak and subdued from his near approach to death, and not wholly recovered from the astonished thankfulness for Clay's great and ill-deserved service, did all he could for him. How the three at home went about hushed in ,those anxious (fays, as if beside t> e bed where Clay lay stricken far away, the heart sick prayers that went up in the waking nights, the mingled dread and eagerness for the daily report, the sinking confidence,-the succeeding dumb expectation, need not be further told. Deep gloom settled down upon them, and then was suddenly pierced by a ray of promiss. And as tney had feared together and mourned in anticipation, so now they rejoiced with one another, at first with trembling and then with grateful confidence. Clay continued to revive, and by and by was reported out of danger. Edith went home again. The prayed-for frosts quenched the plague, and presently Olay came ceeping home, to meet in George and Helen the strong joy over one raised from the dead. Eean heard ffrom Marcy one or twice, then they lost all track of him for a good while. Eean took up his old life cheerfully, and came more and more'to the front in his medical journal, whose increasing eucce«8 was acknow ledged to be largely due to him. One winter Helen told him she thought | Marcy had hunted up Edith and was taking J money from her, and later that she was sure of | it. In early spring, on his way to the office, j Eean met Edith for the first time in a good j while; and he walked a few blocks with her, ! going a little out of his way. Soon after reach-1 ing the office a man inquired for him, and was shown into his room. Kean was Btandiug, leaning back thoughtfully, and he lifted his eyes and saw Marcy. lie did not move or say anything, but lookfd at the fellow steadily; and Marcy abruptly asked him for money , to pay his fare west. ■ A certain assurance in the fellow's manner increased Kean's desire, on gonentl principles to fjfng him downstairs. But lie stood still with unohanslng features and his eyes on the swaggering intruder while ho argued the ease with, himself. Ought he not to send him out of mischief if he could ? He had nothing to gain by it and no wish to spend money ouhim j he could get him a ticket and see that he started. Then he saw clear again. He straightened up, looked round, saw an im proved scalpel lying near, took it up, and said he would give him a tioket to another place; and he droTe him before him, tripping and stumbling down the stairs bo that people came out to see. . , Once or twice, after that, ho saw bim in tno company of faro men and like gentry. Finally, Edith was obliged to consult Helen and George, as they advised and helped her to remove out of the way of his pursuit and robbery. Then Olay ecaroely ever saw her. Some time afterwards he got a no!c from his friend Dr. Bain, of «t. Lazarus Hospital, say ing' they had a man there who wutied to sjo him. He went up and foiind it was Marry. He saw it was a bad case, and the house sur geon confirmed that opinion. He went to see him several times, and one night he found him excited and garrulous. He said he was glad to eee Kean, that he felt better to-night, and wanted to talk to him. . ^ " There's a minister that comes round here, and he's been talking up his little ground plan of.*'things to me. He's a clover little fellow, but he tries tc square accounts by putting the cash to balance on the same side of the sheet with all the other entries 5 and it won't work. The whole thing's right here, Keao (you know I've always been frank). You've gone straight and I haven't, and you're there and I'm here; that's about the short metre of it. You wouldn't even shake hands, I believe, and 11 don't know as I blame you. But how was it? | You were made cool and clean, without strong I passion, and you got a straight start and went right along, square heel and toe. Oh, I know your score's true ; I've watched you when you were off guard. But I wasn't made or started that way. I was put in a broker's office when I was 10, to help my mother off three dollars a week ; and I was smart at catching tho tricks, and they used to laugh and coddle me when I played it sharp. But I played it a little too sharp for them afterward. I've been playing on somebody ever since, and you can count my winnings easy, they're all righthero. It hasn't made any difference to you which side of the cent Cime up, it was always ' Beads I win, tails you lose' with you. And it doesn't stand to reason to balance the profit and loss by putting more loss on my side, does it?" Kean did not respond to tho implied invita tion to shake l^ands, and his voics sounded stern, though ho felt no enmity toward ths poor wreck, but rather a deep awe toward the Author of all the strange issues of life. " Don't build oa any euch shallow sophistry," he said. 14 You.are very much mistaken if you believe that about me. You ought to know that if I have kept the straight road, as you say, it hasn't been altogether smooth or flowery. I advise you to listen to what the clergyman has to say." Slarcy dropped away then from his forced manner, whimpered a little and acknowledged tbat he had not deserved well of Kean, and declared that he was going to make a fresh start when he got out again. Kean, did what he could for his comfort, and came away, and in the morning they sent him word that Marcy was dead. He had not asked for Edith, and Helen now sent her the first news she fcad heard of it!, Kean. came in from making eome arrangements for the burial, feeling tired and sore, and found Edith just arrived. ,She wae flushed with a pained look. She turned on Olay: 11 Oh, why did you not tell roe ? You ought to have told me—I should have been with him 1" < Kean wheeled away from her, and when Helen looked in his face she turned sharply to Edith and epoke for him:— "Be still, Edith! You don't know what you are saying. You have no right to reproach Clay." , Kean saw that Harcy was decently buried, with as little showing of his own h ind in the business as was possible. Edith knew, howerer, and one day later she asked his forgiveneis for her ungrateful words. He easily forgave, but cou'd pot forget j Helen persuaded Edith to move into the city, where sho could better help her to support herself and little Helen; aod the stream of their lives flowed on with & smooth surface once more. Young Helen and Kean ; were fast friends, and by degrees he fell into : the way of doing many friendly offices for the girl and her mother. Ono Decoration Day ho met them on their way to a neighbouring cometery, and went | with them. As thoy walked Among tho white ! stones and greensward of the sunny slope, | Edith stopped and stood forgetfully before a I child's simple monument He . saw that it bore a boy's name and the words, "Of such is the | kingdom of heaven." And his thoughts went off with hers to a far-away churchyard with a sweeter air and mellower sunshine brocdiog over it. A day or two afterward be asked her if she know whether or not there.wa« a stono at her boy's grave. He told her Marcy had: beeo going to have one put up when he. left him after the fever. .She did not know, and Kean offered to write and find out. She said she would like to know very much. Ho did write; but it was some, time beforo ho reported to Edith, and then he simply teut her two photographs in da onrelopo, one of the church yard with the little grave, and ono of the stone, ebowiug tho inscription with the same Uxt us that which she had icsmed to like. She spoke about it the first time ho saw her, saying that ho was very good, and tho pictures were a groat comfort, and remarking how much tho inscription pleased her Home thing more she bud' intended to say, but could not to him; but to Helen sho oxprcsmd re morse toward Mdrcy, whon eho showed her tho pictures and told her about them. . Helen spoke to Clay about it afterward, and ha became abstracted and forgot to answer a question aba asked him. When she repeated it wore pointedly he laughed suddenly, and got up and went out. With all the help Helen could manage to give Edith without offence, it was evident . enough that ehe had a sharp struggle to live and keep EUie at sahool. After a while she came in one day upon Helen and Clay, as they sat waiting for George. She was excited, and showed them a sum of money which she said she had reo ived from the west, with the informs* tion that a like amount would be due her regu larly in future. Khe had 110 particulars as to its source; but after thinking it over she had no doubt that it was the proceeds of some mining investments which Mercy had made some years before. He hsd shown her a large sum of money at one time, and told her he was going to invest it in her name. And she asked Clay to let her pay Marcy's funeral expenses now, as she bad promised him to do when able, Bnd she put the money into his hands. He spread it on his knee mechanically, and sat looking at it and after a while he counted out a part of it, rolled up the rest, and returned it without speaking. Edith took leave quiokly, and Helen went down with her. When Helen came back some time after* ward, Olay was still sitting where she had left him. Ho presently noticed that she stood look ing at him, and he got up and laughed harshly bb beforo. He went out without speaking, and He'en found the money Edith had given him on the floor. When she offered it to him, he said: " Can't you spend it for them somehow P I oouldn't touch it." He seemed a little hard for a time, but soon renewed his friendliness with Edith, consorting, indeed, much more with young Helen, for whom he assumed the right to buy books and the like, and with whom he renewed his youth by association in her studies and sympathy with her enjoyments and occupations, in which sho let him Bbare. In fact, a certain involun tary sternness came into his manner toward Edbh sometimes. So they drifted on with the stream of the world. And by-and-by there came a great disquiet into all their hearts. Helen was'not well; thon she was less well, and still less. One evening Oeorge went out early and bade Clay take Helen for a walk. She still laughed j nothing could subdue that dauntlesB spirit of hers. But as they went it made Clay's heart ache to feel bow heavily she hung on his arm and how her foet lagged, weary and alow. It put him in a sorry humours and hs spoke to her more openly than he ever had of certain matters of his own. He complained that Marcy seemod to have been fated to pursue him all his life ; that even since his death he con tinued to curse him and fool Edith. "She has been canonising his miserable memory, and it seems as if I could not turn my hand without helping to gild the false god she has made of-him." They were silent for a while, and then Helen said:— , " Clay, there are some things I don't quite ■ understand that I think I ought to know " And she put question after question, to which heanswered yes and no ■ Edith was put of town, and on her return found an ir gent message from Helen, and went directly. Helen was failing rapidly; they knew-the end could not be far off. The house was hushed and drear. As Edith entered Helen's room softly, she sat propped up languidly trying to eat soma watery-looking food She looked sadly wasted and faint,. but the old light oame into her eyes, and she moved the dish toward li*r friend with suoh an expressive smile and gesture of invita tion to partake, that Edith could not heln laughing, though both knew that death looked on. Helen lay down then and rested awhile. Then she made Edith come close, so that she could hold hor hands and look straight in her fsce. She lsy still so a little while, and then1,' she said : " Edith, you love Clay." . Edith turned white and then scarlet, and sank beside the bed as if struok down, and she cried , " Oh, Helen, do not put me to shame. Oh, I have suffered." "Edith, listen," Helen pursued, "I must speak to you. You have felt romorss to ward Charles Marcy eince his death, and believe him .better than you-learned to think him. It's time , you knew-the truth i he was a great deal worse than you ever dreamod. He was a forger and a thief. Even in that.firat knavery of which he was so frank to you, ho added lying to" cheating; he did keep one of the papers, a letter of cridit from Clay, and ho afterwards altered it and used it again. Did you over miss. a page from your album on which Olay had written? Well, he look that and erased all but Olov's sigoature and forged a draft on it; and with": the two papers lie robbed Olay again. That was what brought Clay to Eranklinburg when you saw him. v.' " And, ob, Edith, the annuity you have had these years is the income of, what was left of Clay's Va'leV City property when ho etoletho rest, and which Oluy would never toiioli till lie ordered it to be sent-ld you. You* paid him for the funeral expenses with some of his own money. And Marcy "did not put up tho stone to your boy, but spent the money which Olay left for tho purpose. Clay had it put up afterward. I never knew all tbia till now. 1 made Olay tell me the other night." "Oh,Helen!" Edith cried. She was over whelmed. Holcn'a phrases beat upon her like great waves and washed away the Bands on which alio had built hor life, and there seemed to bo nowhere any ground for hor foet. Hue •at thoro helpless and hardly conscious. She • did not know that Ellen pulled lior bell-cord and gave a whispered message. _ . . Attor a while Clay camo in. , Edith did not • move. Ho stood looking down at Helen; she lay with hereyoB dosed, then looked up at him and einiled. . "Olay," she Eftid faintly, but with her old humour showing through all weakness, "I have been telling Kdith how eho has been do oeiyodin you, Bnd exposing you to her in your true oharactur." Ho looked at her with pain and reproach. Then he turned toward Kdith. She Bat in a low chiir, dawneaat, withher hands outstretched iu her lap. She could not' get up, but she raised ber eyes with painful constraint, aud said coldly: "1 must have eeomed very dull and un grateful. I have been very blind, but I am not ungrateful." Her words and manner struck him with a chill pang. He turned from her and bent his head low beside Helen's. "Oh, Helen,"he cried, bitterly, "yon must not leave me. My heart is broken; she might have spared me her gratitude. 1 shall come with you j I shall not live!" Helen laid her hand on his cheek, the mere ghost of a hand now -. hat her low laugh came still, and she chided: "Oh, you poor foolish children! Must I do it all ? Olay, there is one thing I have not asked her, and one I have not told her, one yon must ;ell her and ask her yourself." He searched her face eagerly, then turned toward Edith, and he told her with one pas sionate ory, and continued : " I don't want your pity or gratitude, but— oh, Edith, Kdith!" Ho held out bis hands to her, without going nearer, and after a moment Bho got up and came and put her hands io bis, and he drew her slowly, slowly across as if the gulf of all tho bitter years. And so there cams into that house a greet grief and a' deep, still joy. And both dwell there yet, and temper one another after years have passed. Edith came to lire tbore, and lessened, as far as she might, the irreparable less of Helen's children and their lonely, stricken father. Edith and Clay go in and out with tho scnBC of a great peace having fallen on the world after a lODg night of darkness and storm. They are not nearly so eure as they once were that they know much about the scheme o£ the world, but th'ey aTe confident that fheir move ■ pressing concern is that they Bhould be faith ful in little or much. And to, perhaps, it is for all. JA1TES T. M'KAY. 