Topics. A correspondent IN a city paper has conceived and given to the public an extraordinarily brilliant idea — no less an one than that Judge Boucaut should be induced to temporarily relinquish his seat on the Bench and assume the position of political leader to bring the ill-fated colony of South Australia back to the haven of pros perity. That South Australia wants a radical change in her rulers and in the method of her ruling is certain, and that if it be much longer delayed matters will have become well-nigh beyond remedy is also plain ; but we don't imagine that this genius has hit on the right remedy. In the first place we don't believe that any one man — even though he might be a leader of men — could do what is wanted. The present weak Government hold office by the pleasure of the House, and one of their gieatest faults has been an undue pliancy in their policy, which has been moulded to fit the desires of the majority. While the Assembly is constituted as at present only the pre sent kind of Government will meet with support, and unless the statesman required could be provided with col leagues to aid him and a majority to support him he might as well be absent as present himself. We often hear it said that the Parliament is what the people make it Then let the people just now acknowledge that they, and they alone, are responsible for the fearful mess into which the colony has got, and for the helplessness of the Government at the present crisis. Some few wiser than the rest have from time to time lifted the warning voice, but the great majority have given their votes on personal grounds, or through wealth and influence have been biassed against their better judgment, and we now suffer the results. When the people have learnt the lesson the times should teach we want a general election, which will unseat at least half of our present so-called legislators, and will send in men who have no axes of their own to grind, and will therefor advocate the general good, or else those whose wants are the same as those of the majority, and who are so associated with it that in lifting themselves they must lift the majority. We cannot see that because Mr. Boucaut fathered a policy that was suited to a prosperous era and was one of rapid expansion he is necessarily suited to mature and carry out one suited to the present, and aiming at consolidation. Let us not hope for outside deliverance ; it is in our own hands if we will but use our power. The organization of our military forces has occupied a good deal of attention of late, and a set of questions has been sent to every officer in the V.M.F. and R.V.F. to elicit their views on the subject, and the replies having come in the Commandant has prepared a summary of the replies, with notes conveying his own opinion. He advocates the retention of the two forces, the V.M.F. to be, so far as we can gather, unchanged in its character from what it is at present, but being called the ' S. A Mflitia,' as a desig nation more correcdy indicating the nature of the force. The R.V.F. does not meet with much favor at the hands of professional soldiers, and the the amalgamation of it with the V.M.F. is considered likely to destroy the superior force. General Owen therefor advises its continuance under somewhat stricter discipline than at present, and with greater drill requirements on the one hand and a larger Dayment of capitation grant and some other privileges on the other. Of course the final decision in the matter will rest with the Parliament, which will pro oably deal with it in the coming session; but the public have to pay the piper, and it is for them to say whether they will agree to subtain an expensive, if efficient, militia force — paid for every drill, and costly in other ways — if a volunteer force, with discipline and efficiency somewhat in advance of what the R.V.F. now have, can be maintained by the simple payment of cost of uniform, equipment, amuni tion, and other costs out of pocket, but not for time, can be had for a tithe of the money. We admit that there is too much liberty altogether about the R.V.F. now, and every man joining ought to be obliged to serve for a term, if it were only six months, and every man, too, should be finable unless he attended a minimum of drills ; but still it must be remembered that the mem bers of this force pay all their own ex penses, and the many who enthusiasti cally attend to their military duties and are efficient are not to be blamed for the inefficients who rarely turn up at their drill, and when they do only bring discredit on the force. We do not believe that the Parliament will consent to the continuance of two separate forces. The disgrace that now publicly rests on Mr. C, C Kingston. M.P., leads to the reflection that unless the moral character ot our legislators be pure, we cannot expect to have purity defended by law, nor vice duly repressed. When men in high places are vicious, great danger is done to the cause of virtue. When will electors look to the personal character as well as to political pro fession ? Let us remember, however, that the disgrace is not in the dis closure, but in the vice ; and that the exposure does not make this case any worse than others which have been hushed up or more craftily done. We only whish that there was no more im morality than we see unmasked and publicly rebuked. Received. — Catalogue of vegetable and flower seeds, including choice novelties for 18S6 from Henry Sewell, of Payneham Nursery. Burra Football Club. — We see by adver tisement that the Burra Football Club will hold their annual meeting at the Commercial Hotel, on Monday, March 29. Bjsiness Change. — Mr. W. Young who for some time past has occupied the Burra Hotel, has just retired in favour of Mr. John Pearce, late of the Kingston Hotel, Mount Bryan. The transfer of the business took place on Wednesday. Black Hills Silver Mines. — On Mon day last Mr. Bell, of Adelaide, a geologist and mineralogist came up to visit these claims. He went out and spent some time in making a thorough inspection, but his report is not yet to hand. Morton Fond. — It can be hardly necessary to remind our readers that the entertainment in aid of the Morton fund is to be held in the Burra Institute this evening. The Fairie Operetta will be an attractive novelty. The fund will receive the whole proceeds, less a very small sum for expenses. The Institute Hall has been granted free, aad Dr. Cockbara has, on the application of Mr. J. Roach, arranged that the persons from a distance aiding in the concert shall have free rail passes. The Military Band will play in front of the Institute before the beginning of the entertain ment Fire. On Tuesday afternoon last a small fire occurred at Mr. W. L. H. Bruse's furnish ing rooms in Queen-street, it is believed through a lucifer match being dropped among some flock which was being put through the deviling machine when it ignited and set the flock and the fixtures around the machine all on a blaze and burning the bottoms out of a few cane-bottomed chairs which hung on the rafters of the ceiling. By the prompt assistance of Mr. M. H. Bruse, W. Bruse and a few others the fire was soon got under. Mr R. Kewley was the person who was working the machine at the time the fire occurred, and he being a cripple had a narrow escape of being burnt to death. The damage done is estimated at about £15. The property was not insured. Rainfall. — The rainfall in Kooringa for the present year is as follows : — January, 0-645; February, 0-030. Total to date,O^675. Total to this rime last year, 1*035. Death at the Hospital. — After three months without a death, there have been this week three cases so serious that death has actually taken place, or is expected to result. An old man was brought in a few days ago from Hill River, suffering from pneumonia, and he has died ; and the two men who suffered from the results of accidents reported else where, are unlikely to recover. Rifle Match. — A rifle match match be tween five members of tne Burra Rifle Com pany and five outsiders is to come off on the Company's range in a few days. The distances are 400, 500 and 600 yards, five shots at each range. On Wednesday next ten men from the B. Troop of Mounted Rifles will fire a match against ten men of the Burra R.V.F. Com pany. The ranges being 200, 400, and 500 yards, seven rounds at each distance, military positions and scoring. The men to represent the Burra Company will be : — Captain Holder, Sergeants Hinde and Butterwotth, Privates Blott, Bentley, Dixon, W. Edwards, Mayger, Parks and H. Roach. Firing will commence at 10 a.m. Commercial Bank. — A large meeting of the most influential shareholders in the Com mercial Bank has resolved : — ' That a com mittee of seven be nominated by this meeting, such committee to consist of two directors and five gentlemen appointed by the shareholders ; the said committee to have full power to enter into all negotiations or arrangements for re opening, or amalgamation, or absorption, or liquidation of the bank ; but submit their plans tar adoption at the general meeting of the share holders to be called for that purpose.' This was agreed to, and a committee was appointed as follows: — Messrs. C Rischbeith and A. Tennant (directors), the Hon. T. Playford, Messrs. W. L. Ware, G. F. Hancock, W. T. Back, and E. T. Smith, M.B- The proceed ings then terminated. A private meeting of shareholders will be held on Monday, April 5, prior to the general meeting which has been called for that day. A Prominent Legislator in the Mire. There was an unusually large audience in the Supreme Court on Wednesday, when the case of Watson v. Watson and Kingston was called on before Mr. Justice Boucaut. The developments of the case scarcely warranted the interest displayed, as nothing sensational was disclosed by the evidence. In support o f the petition for a divorce from his wife, Mr. Watson told how in May of last year his suspicions were aroused as to the existence of an improper intimacy between his wife and Mr. C. C. Kingston, and he consequently dis continued cohabitation. Later on his wife came and begged to be taken back, confessing that his suspicions were we 11 founded. Mr. Watson, however, remained firm. Mrs. Watson's sister gave evidence as to the res pondent and co-respondent having met at her house under circumstances which left little doubt as to the relations existing between them. An Italian, named Zuccani, told how he had watched Mr. Kingston's ingoings and out comings when visiting Mrs. Watson at her house. He effected this surveillance on behalf of the husband, who employed him. The jury were not long in finding a verdict of adultery against both respondent and co-respondent, neither of whom were represented in court. — Advertiser. Accidents. — On Monday afternoon a man named Jacob Jasen was driving into Burm from Baldina, and when near Abberton Park gates, a companion he had with him got out of the trap, and the concern was evidently too much for Jasen to manage alone. The man being incapable, the horse took matters in hand, and just past Mr. Care's residence, took the trap into a rough creek, making a considerable smash of it. The man was very seriously injured, several ribs being broken. The police being informed of the occurence, Corporal Williams made the man comfort able and sent for Dr. Brummitt, who ordered Jasen's removal io the hospital where he was attended to. His injuries were so severe, one lung being punctured, that the worst was feared, but he afterwards rallied and began to improve. The man's condition is still very critical. On Wednesday afternoon last at Paratoo, two men in the employ of Messrs. Hill & Co, came into violent colision while riding, so that both the horses and both their riders came heavily to the ground. One man escaped with slight in jury, the other William Martin, was rendered insensible, and in that condition he remained while by relays of horses he was conveyed to Terowie and thence by Thursday morning's train to the Burra Hospital. His recovery is hopeless, though all that could be done for him Tw' been done. Early Meeting of Parliament. — In answer to a requisition promoted by the Work ing Men's Political Association, the mayor called a public meeting, which was held on Wednesday evening, to consider the advisable ness of immediatelv assembling Parliament for the purpose of devising means for alleviating the present distress. The Town Hall was crowded. In the absence of his worship, the chair was occupied by the Hon. Dr. Campbell, and there were also on the platform the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C., Mr. S. D. Glyde, M.P., and a number of other gentlemen. For the most part the speaking was confined to working men, and the chief point dealt with was the necessity for work being immediately found for the unemployed — that was, work which would prove to be of a reproductive character, and it was argued that there was no lack of undertakings of such a nature if the Government had only the ability to discover them and the courage to bring them forward. The following motion was carried : — ' That in the opinion of this meeting it is absolutely necessary Parliament be at once called together to deal with the commercial depression now existing, and for the purpose of initiating works of a seasonable and reproductive character, and that it is desirable the duties on the neces. saries of life be abolished, and in lieu thereof an increase of the land tax.' A deputation was then appointed to wait upon the Premier this morning, and the proceedings terminated. Hoax. — OnTuesd&ynightat; 120'clockamost amusing incident took place in Lower Thames street, Kooringa, and for about two hours the place \ras full of excitement, and yet, when the tale is unfolded it will be a laughable affair. It appears that on the night in question some person or persons made up their mind to have a 'lark,' so they most daringly effected an entrance into Mr. T. Halls' yard, and there poisoned his dog, but they must have thought the first 'dose' would not prove fatal, so they discharged a gun at it, and missed it ; but un fortunately the first dose took effect and the dog died shortly afterwards. The charge that was intended for the dog struck the door and window of the dwelling house. The noise woke Mr. Halls, he got up and went outside to see if he could ascertain the cause of- the gun being shot off so near his house, but not a sound could be heard. He was determined to try and catch the offenders, so he harnessed a pair of horses and put them in a buggy, and was about to start off when ke heard a second report of a gun at the end of Lower Thames street. [Now comes the most laughable part of the proceedings.] It appear two young girls vreiejasf coming from the post-office (so they say, but rather a late hour to get lettere from the post-office), and when they got near their home they saw something on an old well, which they told each other was » ' ghost,' being young in years and very timid, they could not think of going inside before this object was removed. They at once decided to arouse Mr. Blight, and they did so. When they woke him, he asked them what they wanted, and they replied, saying, ' There is a 'ghost' out here.' Mr. Blight at once got up and opened the door and saw the object, and he also pronounced it to be a 'ghost.' He got his gun and put a charge of powder in it and fired (for which Mr. Blight claims credit from the community for doing such a plucky action). The supposed 'ghost' shuffled off at a pretty quick rate. By this time Mr. Halls arrived, and he found that it was some one else having ' some fun.' A start was then made to capture the 'ghost,' but it also disappeared from their eyes; but as they were looking about they saw a young man returning home, and they thought the 'ghost' had come in another form, and they all made for him — with sticks, mallee rails, and guns — and re quested him to ' bail up !' On investigations being made it was found they had made a great mistake, as the young man in question said he knew nothing of the affair. At this time a great number of people were aroused from their slumber and had come out to see what had occurred, they thought something very serious had taken place. At all events, neither 'ghosf or the offenders who shot at the dog could be seen in Kooringa, so a start was made for Redruth, by several young men, and they perchanced to come across another innocent individual and they gave chase after him. After unsuccessfully 'halting' one or two other persons they returned home about two o'clock in the morning. And, as yet, we have not heard of either the ' ghost' or the offenders who shot at the dog being captured. If young girls would keep earlier hours they would not see neither ' ghosts' or ' fairies.' 