"TALBOT FANE, BACHELOR." JUST THREE BOOKS. By " ATHA." Author of " Puck Pikrmont," " Other People's Money," " Maoris and Pakehas," " Fire," " Kiorani," " Gadabout Papers," " Living or Dead " " Australian Elves," Sec., See. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER II. — (Continued). BOOK II.— NIGHT. |f%|OCTOR BRAMWELL sits quite silent while Ser- J| S)|| geant Gunn is talking. Something like a glimmer | /JrJ of suspicion that lie has possibly been mistaken in J xQJJ) the poor devil incarcerated at Stanton begins to gather in the mind of the worthy disciple of Galen. ' As I said before,' continued the old dragoon, ' Grange got seven years in the Stockade in Victoria. He vowed that he was convicted innocently, and he hoped to prove it some day. He said that his visit to Jasper Vane had something to do with his imprisonment. Jasper Vane ! who is Jasper Vane ? I asked. Grange laughed, and in some confusion, said quickly, I beg your pardon, Sergeaut. I mean Captain Trenton. The blending of these two names struck me as peculiar, but I thought nothing of them then. When I heard of Grange being sent to the Lunatic Asylum at Stanton, I wrote to the Governor of the Gaol, Melbourne, asking for information about Grange, or rather No. 9762, a number by which he was better known to the authorities. Here is the answer I received in due course,' and the Sergeant drew forth a letter bearing the Government crest. " ' Allen Grange, a discharged soldier of H.M. Imperial Regiment 7th Heavy Dragoons, aged 41, a cripple. Received a sentence of seven years on the roads of the colony, Oct. 27, 18 . Crime — Horsestealing. Served five years and nine months. Discharged from Stockade Prison, Victoria, Australia, Dec. 20, 18 . Conduct Good.' The old soldier handed the document to the doctor, who perused it twice, then gave it back to the Sergeant, without a word. ' Now this is what I want to know,' says Gunn, sitting bolt upright in his chair, ' If Allan Grange has been a pri soner in the Stockade, how could he have been in the Yarra Bend Asylum at the same time ?' Dr. Bramwell looks down at the carpet, then up to the ceiling. ' The man may have been an inmate of the mad house ere he went to gaol,' he says, ' In that case, Captain Trenton, who has only been three years and a few months in the colony could not possibly have known it,' responds the veteran, quickly. 'True,' answers the doctor, determined not to be driven into a corner by the Sergeant, who eyes him as a shaggy terrier would eye a rat. ' True, my friend. Yet, that does not prove that the man sent to the asylum is the discharged convict after all,' 'No?' ' No. Certainly not.' ' See here, then,' cries the other, fumbling in the inside pocket of his poncho, and producing a small photograph. ' Just take a look at that. That photo came with the letter. It was taken the day Grange was discharged from gaol. Now, is that anything like your scapegoat, the lunatic, tell me that ?' And the Sergeant handed the picture to his com panion. Dr. Bramwell put on his spectacles and looked at it care fully. ' Yes, it is a faithful likeness. There cannot be a Bhadow of doubt on that point.,' he said, handing it back again. ' Of course it seems clear enough, this man, whoever he may be, has served his sentence and been duly discharged. But look here, Gunn, I've had some experience among lunatics, and I know that the very devil himself would not be equal to many of them in the way of villainy and cunning, poor rogues. From the first this fellow shows himself in his true colours. He attempts robbery, then murder, and when chance favours him, he has not the savee to get away from the locality of his crime. Even when he is caught, instead of pretending innocence (as your sane thief undoubtedly would), he sets up a horse laugh, and jabbers rubbish that would shame some maniacs. Would a sane person refuse food if he was almost famishing ? No, not a bit of it, my friend. Yet, this man did before my face. Do you think a person in his senses, and that person a cripple, could knock two stalwart men about as he pleased. Tut, tut. Don't trouble yourself, old friend, that's my advice.' The old soldier draws a long breath to press back his rising cholor, and answers quietly. ' All these things may be very well sir, to those whose minds have been prepared for one impression. Look at the strange antics of many of us ! Why, if we are told that so and so is a little cracked, or hair-brained, or off his chump, as they say — how we pity him, and watch for his foolery, and his lunatic dodges. Yet, fifty to one but your common-sense personage — your truly, double-distilled, practical fellow, who can shave a nail in matters of business or argument will outdo your crazy one twice told in the wildness of his foolery, and the fun of it is no one suspects him, or takes him for other than what he is, simply because the insinuation is wanting in his case.' The good medico stares at the old hero, then bursts out laughing. ' Egad, Gunn, you would make a capital pleader,' he cries. ' It is a pity the army has deprived the Bar of so able an advocate.' ' Humbug, doctor,' says the Sergeant, bluntly. ' See here, I believe the original of this photograph to be Allan Grange, and I believe Allan Grange to be as sane as you or I.' ' Prove it, Gunn, and I am with you,' says the doctor, looking at his watch. ' How shall I prove it ?' responds the other. ' Perhaps what may be proof to me will not satisfy you. Then, again, Captain Trenton may object.' ' Object V ' I mean, if Grange satisfies you as to his condition. Cap tain Trenton may object to his being set free,' adds the Sergeant.' ' I shall not study Captain Trenton in the matter,' says the doctor, gravely. If I find that any injustice has been done this poor fellow through me, I promise you Mark Bramwcll will set it right without delay. Tell me what you propose ?' Simply this. Let me accompany you to the Asylum. Place Grange face to face with me, and I will ask him such questions as only a sane man, and a man with an excellent memory could possibly answer. If he fails by this process to convince you, then I will leave him where he is, and trouble no more about him. If, on the other hand, you are satisfied that injustice has been done, I demand his instant release at your hands. Is that fair ? ' e Quite so, and I accept the conditions,' replies the doctor. 'Thank you. When can we start ? ' Not to-day. I have a very serious case on hand, which will prevent me ; but I shall be happy to drive you over first thing to-morrow. I am Visiting Medical Officer, for the present term, at the Asylum, and will make my inspection at the same time. Ah ! three minutes to ten — I must be going.' It was arranged that the Doctor should pick up Gunn at the Barley Mow Inn, three miles distant from the city, on the Stanton load, at 11.30 a.m. next morning, and the veteran departed, stroking his moustache reflectively, but highly delighted with the success of his mission. CHAPTER III. BOOK II.— NIGHT. fHE time passed pleasantly enough for the visitors at Pinefalls. No spot in Maoriland more interesting in its varied features of the bold, the weird, and the beautiful, than the country surrounding the station. Parties were arranged for the hills, on which pleasant picnics were held, and the saunterings home after wards in the soft twilight of the summer days. Through the unremitting care and tender nursing of Mrs. Elmsleigh, Nita Blake had so far recovered as to be able to accompany that lady in many a sunny ramble amongst the health-giving glens and breezy ridges of Pinefalls. Somehow these two had grown greatly attached to each other — how or why neither of them, had they been ques tioned on the subject, would have been able to explain. Under the circumstances, it was but natural that Nita should feel grateful to one who had exhibited such anxious watch fulness on her behalf ; but the girl, with that innate subtlety of womanly tact which characterises that sect, discerned a more than friendly kindness in Mrs. Elmsleigh. Every look, every act and word bore with it a soft and motherly gentleness that was unmistakeable. " Ah I if I had only been blest with a mother like you, Mrs. Elmsleigh,' Nita said one day. ' Your mother is dead then ? ' ' Alas, yes I I never knew her.' < Stay with us then ; you shall be my daughter,' cried the other, with the hot tears welling up into her kind blue eyes, and her voice trembling with emotion. 'I had once a daughter, a little treasure, who, if she had been spared to me, would have been about your age. God knows best what is good for us ! My darling was taken from me, and through all those years, long and barren with fruitless repining, my heart has seemed cold and void in its utter loneliness. But you came to me, Nita ; you, whom I have known but a few short weeks, ami lo ! the void is filled up. My child, Heaven blesses us in ways that we know not of.' Pleasant the days at Pinefalls, in the purple glow of the fine Autumnal weather. Pleasant for Lieutenant West, who was ever by the side of Grace Weldon. Pleasant for Cyril Temple, who loved to be alone beneath the leafy arcade of the Kauri kings, writing poetry on the golden hair and violet eyes of Nita Blake. There was only one personage who appeared to be the odd man of the party, and entirely out of place — Talbot Fane. ' I can see I'm in the way,' he muttered to himself. ' Altogether a hinderance to the happiness of the rest, so I'll go. What the dickens have I in common with these ? I, an outcast. My best and dearest friend suspects me for a thief, or something worse ; and am I not ? God help me 1 ' A peal of merry laughter comes to him as he sits by the window muttering and cogitating. Fenton West and Grace Weldon are promenading arm in arm on a grass plot beyond the garden, and the handsome young soldier is talking- relating some wild freak of his boyhood, probably. Talbot Fane grows deadly pale as he watches them — not the paleness of envy or hatred, but of pain, and pain so keen and poignant that the mouth shuts and tightens, to repress the sharp agony within him. ' I wish I was fairly away — anywhere from this place,' he cries, with a groan. ' I have been mad to dream that Grace, pure, gentle creature, could care for such a wretch as I. And yet — yet more than once I thought I saw that in her eyes which bade me hope. Hope I For what ? To mate herself with a villain who has not even a name to bestow upon her — a worthless ne'er-do-well, who staked his honour and every tie of filial affection on a throw of the dice, and had not the will and courage to say nay ! Pshaw ! No more of this idle daydreaming. I went out of the world fitted for me, into one of my own making. So will I bear it manfully until I have atoned.' He rises and clasps his hands tightly round the back of his head. It is a strange way he has of drawing himself together — of exerting a will that is certainly strong now, however it might have been wanting in the past. Quietly, but none the less surely, this love for Grace Weldon has stolen into his heart. It is the first real love he has ever felt for any woman, and he knows it will be the last, and the only love he will ever know. It is useless to fight with it — that means a senseless waste of vigour, and he required all that for what he had to do. To get as far away as possible from Pinefalls was his first object. He would go to America or Mexico, what did it matter where, so that he went quickly. He filled a page of his diary, then wrote two letters, the first of which he addressed to a well-known firm of solicitors in Otago — the other to Miss Hilda Ashford, Glencourt. In the evening he found an opportunity to speak to Cyril Temple alone. ' Dear boy,' he said, ' would you be surprised if I told you I had determined to leave this place at once.' ' No, indeed, Fane. Nothing you might do or say would surprise me in the least,' answered Temple, with a laugh. ' Why, old fellow, what has come over you these last few days? Where do you hide yourself? 'Pon my word! jf you were an absconding debtor, or the bailiffs were lying in wait for your body, you could not be more of a hermit. There's Mrs. Elmsleigh and Miss Weldon constantly plagu ing me with questions about you, wondering if you are unwell, and so on. Come, old fellow, rouse up.' ' My dear Cyril, I have made up my mind to leave Pine- falls to-morrow.' ' Seriously ? ' ' Yes, seriously ! ' said Fane, gravely.' ' Major Weldon will not hear of it, dear boy.' ' I am the more sorry for that, inasmuch as I must go. It has been the greatest desire of my life lately, that you and I, Temple, might cast in our lot together in some commercial undertaking, wherein we might still remain as we have been in the past, allied alike in interest and in friendship, but — but certain conditions have altered this state of things, and I repeat I must depart at once.' Cyril Temple gazes at his friend in surprise, and then comes a look of wounded pride into his eyes, as ho says : ' Dear Fane, I am the last man in the world to pry into your affairs, but I beg of you as a friend — nay, as one who owes you something more than mutual esteem, to tell me why you have taken this sudden resolve.' ' I cannot tell you. Temple.' ' Cannot ? ' ' No ! ' Cyril Temple is silent, for there comes to him once more the scene in the tent at the diggings, and the advertisement offering £500 reward for a notorious prison breaker. It fixes itself as a certainty on the man's mind now, that Talbot Fane is implicated. ' Believe me, Temple, I make 110 small sacrifice in leaving so many kind friends, but the sacrifice is offered at the shrine of duty,' says Fane, after a pause. Exactly, thinks Cyril. He is the man wanted, of a surety, and is going to give himself up to that justice which is clamouring for him. Poor fellow I Seeing that his companion remains silent, Fane continues : 'With reference to the gold forwarded to the City Bank at Otago, I had a letter yesterday from the manager, who informs me that our instructions have been carried out. The nugget, and parcel of loose gold accompanying it, has realised sixteen thousand pounds sterling, which Ins been duly placed to our joint account.' ' Indeed 1 so much ! ' says Cyril, looking up, with a cloud on his fair face, and his mind evidently not upon their account at the Bank. ' I want to ask a favour, Temple,' adds Fane, after waiting for his companion to speak. ' Certainly, my good fellow.' ' I want your permission to divide our money,' says Talbot. ' Granted,' responds Cyril. ' I will write the necessary letter to the manager of the bank, and you can post it jointly with your own for the same purpose. Of course, my wants are few ; I do not require eight thousand pounds, or any thing like that sum, Fane. Say, you take £10,000, and leave me the odd six. Eh ! come, you wont refuse me.' Fane smiles. ' Eight thousand pounds is sufficient for me. Perchance I may notrequire a shilling of it ' he says softly. ' Pooh 1 I trust you may have the pleasure of spending every penny of it., and I the pleasure of lending you part of mine,' responds Temple, earnestly. ' Damme ! I can't understand it, Fane,' he blurts out, rising, and striding up and down the room. ' If you would confide in me ! I sincerely trust I have never given you cause to think me otherwise than a gentleman. Tell me, what is the matter ? If it's anything short of murder, I'll see you through it, as certain as your patient, manly generosity snatched me from a lingering and painful death.' Talbot Fane opens his eyes to their widest extent at this sudden and unexpected outburst on the part of the proud, indolent, aristocratic Cyril. ' My dear fellow, what are you talking about ? ' he asks. Talking about 1 why, about your melancholy way, and your moping, and getting out of it, and hiding when other people are enjoying themselves, and want jou to do the same,' retorts Temple hotly. ' You put one under the most lasting obligation, then leave him there, without a ghost of a chance of his returning the compliment. Tell me why you are leaving in such a hurry ? ' ' It is impossible.' Perhaps you dare not ? ' says Cyril, his face flushing with sudden auger. There is a swift flash in the eyes of the other, who starts as if Temple had struck him, but he holds a superb command over every muscle of face and body ' I cannot quarrel with you, sir,' he says calmly. ' I am a man so bankrupt in the way of friends, that I cannot afford to lose the last remaining one. A month hence, or sooner, you may learn why L depart ; but if the loss of your friend ship be the penalty, 1 cannot give my reasons now.' ' Enough,' retorts Cyril, with a haughty ring in his voice. ' I suppose we had better say good-bye, and have done with it. For my part I had looked upon you as — as — what the devil does it matter ! What — Look here, you are leaving me in your debt and ' ' Be silent, Temple,' interrupts Fane, almost sternly.' Cyril looks, and his flush of anger takes a more ruby tint. ' I am unused to be commanded to hold my tongue. I will say what I please.' ' Do so, but I may remind you that a taunt is out of place, and unworthy a gentleman,' says Fane, quietly. ' Again I ask, why should we quarrel 1 we, who have fought misfortune, and hunger, and cold together.' In saying this, I have regard for you, inasmuch as you will perchance regret this scene hereafter, as I now regret it.' A sullen ' Oh, very well,' and the two men change the subject. They have much to settle in the way of business, and the dinner-bell rings'ere it is completed. Talbot Fane goes to his room to dress for the evening meal. His parting with Cyril Temple has tried him, and chafed him to the utmost ; but he has a more severe ordeal to encounter in Mrs. Elmsleigh and Grace Weldon. The dinner at Pinefalls is more than usually pleasant, and thereby prolonged on this particular evening. Some of them have been spending the afternoon out 011 the hills, and have had quite an adventure with a huge carpet snake, which Fenton West did battle with, and came forth conqueror. While the talk is at its loudest Major Weldon beckons Teranga, the Maori, to his side. ' Walforde, the agent., will be here to-morrow. Have you got all the books ready for him to look through when he arrives ? ' says he. ' Yes, I put 'em in the office, sir — all but one.' replies the Maori. ' All but one ! What one ? ' ' Square flat book — store book I think you call him,' answers Teranga. ' Ah ! Stock list, you mean,' says the Major. ' Hunt it up before you go to bed. Mind that ! ' The Maori is obedience itself. When the meal is ended, and while the gentlemen linger over their wine, Teranga begins his task. Unfortunately the Maori cannot read a word of English ; print and manuscript alike, are as so much Greek to him. Entering the room occupied by Talbot Fane, after an hour's search elsewhere, Teranga's gaze falls athwart the diary lying on a small table near the window. He pounces on the fat volume at once, and carries it off in triumph. Music has grown to be the chief pleasure at IMncfalls after dinner ; but this happens to be mail night, and there has been quite a large bag of letters deposited at the lodge hut for the ' House.' The Major retires to his sanctum early to peruse his correspondence. Fenton West is busy in his quarters with a private despatch which demands his immediate attention. Temple and Nita are playing chess in the drawing room, with Mrs. Elmsleigh as umpire. It is a strange coincidence, but none the less true, that there are no letters for either Talbot Fane or Grace Weldon. Stranger still, both are seated at the extremity of that deep, cosy, old fashioned verandah, with a full moon smiling rudely down upon them. There was a world of soft glory in the round reflection of the moon, as she sailed high in ihe dark blue canopy overhead, the outline of her huge good- humoured phiz, apparently looking straight «t them as they sat in that awkward silence. This jolly warder of the night sees many strange things iu her (denial vigil. Your mightiness and your loneliness, ye are all beneath her ken, whether ye be good or evil, ri-'li or poor. She watches the robber lying in wait, and the murderer crawling with noiseless step towards his victim. Into the gloom peeps he ; lighting up the rags of poverty and misery. Wickedness in high places cannot escape his vision. Over the slumber of tired millions she holds watch and ward, kissing the rosy lips of innocence, where yet lingers the soft fragrance of Prayer, and filling the poet's brain with unutterable visions and such shapes as live only in song. " Gartlez lefoi." Had Talbot Fane learnt the subtle art of diplomacy, he would have begun to talk about the beauty of the night etc., and so have led up to the subject nearest his wishes. Not being a diplomat, however, he simply said, 'I am glad to have a word with you to- night, Miss Weldon. I want to thaulc you for your hospitality and kindness to me. I have arranged to leave Pinefalls in the morning.' There was nothing in the few common-place words uttered, but Grace Weldon opened her large blue eyes upon him for an instant; then began toying with her bracelet. ' I shall not easily forget the many pleasant hours spent beneath your roof, believe me,' he continued, after waiting for her to speak. ' Is — is not your departure somewhat hasty, Mr. Fane ?' she said presently, and in a subdued tone of voice. ' 1 trust you have not received any ill news V ' No. My leaving is purely a matter of business," he answered. ' I go to fulfil a duty I have long neglected.' ' Papa will be sorry when he knows you are going,' she said. ' I have already informed Major Weldon of my intention, and indeed I am loth to depart from such kind friends. For years I have been a dreamer, capable of nothing but the indulgence of idle reverie, and have drifted from the practical, in the life of a bohemian. Lately it has come to me that I might aspire to become a useful member of society — an alderman, perhaps, or a justice of the peace.' Grace smiles at the mild cynicism, and a blush deepens the clear, fair skin from brow to neck. Fane does not see it. He has not looked at her once. ' To do one's duty is something beyond mere dreaming,' she says, presently. ' True,' he answers, with a short laugh. ' But we interpret the word in various ways. One man may be contented with the life of a slave. Another will go on until he bestride the globe like a second Colossus. Every detail in business is a duty : and the same line of argument applies to many things in social life. We may adopt some line of conduct which seems strange, and possibly against which one's heart and soul rebels, yet, duty points the way and we must follow.' ' The refractory trinket upon her smooth, round arm is abandoned for a moment until she tries to grasp the meaning of his words. ' In one of your English journals I read a curious essay called Motive Power,' he goes on, not heeding her silence. The writer went to show that, without an object, i.e. motive powpr, a man, whatever his talents, or his culture, is utterly useless in this the nineteenth century. The cap fitted me so closely, Miss Weldon, that I resolved to emerge from the dreamer into a worker.' ' I am glad to hear you say so,' she answers looking, full at him. I am not a judge of mankind, inasmuch as my file, so far, has been secluded, but I believe you will win your way in the bustling world, if you are decided to try.' Mrs. Elmsleigh breaks in upon them, followed by Nita and and Temple, and the conversation takes a more general tone. It is midnight before Fane retires. Mrs. Elmsleigh has said ' Good-bye,' and there was an unmistakeable tremor iu her voice, and a peculiar look in her eyes as she uttered the words which carried conviction to the mind of General Ashford's prodigal son that he had been recognised. 15y the time he has packed away his few things it is three o'clock, and in another hour it will be daylight. His thoughts are in such a chaotic state that he does not miss the diary. He has an idea that it is sal'uly stowed away in his travelling bag- ... . . . , While he sits moping, and thinking of the soft light in the blue eyes of Grace Weldon, as he saw it when they said good-bye, hand in hand — lo 1 the morning breaks over the lofty peak of Tonga. He threw open the window. Cool and beautiful the pure early morn. Overhead the fight blue can opy was changing to azure and gold and purple, and blended with gigantic shafts of a more magnificent hue, the vanguard of the glorious sun. What mortal hand could place this picture before the natural eye ? What artist could paint yonder hill top, carpeted with green and brown, with glittering bars of prismatic light intermingled with every blade and leaf. In the fragrant atmosphere of the summer morning Talbot Fane goes his way to perform that duty of which he had spoken. And she to whom he had uttered those words stands watching the fast receding figure from her chamber window. Ah ! if the pioor wanderer could only have seen the tcar- bedimnied eyes, looking after him with such a yearning sorrow, he would not have felt the dense night of utter loneliness and despair now at his heart. CHAPTER IY. J'|||aN the Grand Trunk Road, distant forty miles, or ili-nli 1 thereabouts, horn the Pinefalls Station, stands a roomy "in, hearing the somewhat nondescript V name of the " Golden Dolphin." This hostelry was Ca)c built by one Timothy Keegan, a lucky digger, who having made a large ' find' at the Thames Valley, opened the Golden Dolphin and drank himself to death in a very short time. Tims' widow, Norah Keegan, was five feet eleven inches high in her husband's socks, and weighed a trifle over two hundred pounds net. Rough and muscular as the majority of the ' Dolphin's' customers certainly were, very few had such a development of limb as hostess Keegan, and very few indeed had such a way of demonstrating the fact to any contumacious fellow who attempted to create a ' shine' within the precincts of her domain. Ten years wanderings ' wid poor Tim' over half the goldfields in New Zealand had not tended to enhance the personal charms of Mrs. Keegan. Her com- plexion bore the hue of a boiled lobster, which was ' intirely owing to the hate of the sun, of course, and not in any way to the small drop she tut to keep away the colic. Bad cess to it.' Pierce, irate, and heavy handed was Mother Keegan, yet, after her fashion, not a more kind hearted, benevolent soul ever breathed. She loved fun, like all her race, and her house was always lively. Mick Ruddy, a poor devil not five feet high, who earned a precarious living playing the fiddle from place to place round the district, was always due at the Dolphin every Friday evening. A sort of shelf, like a bracket, fixed in the parlour wall, and high up out of reach. This was Nick's orchestra where he tuned his barbiton and rasped away at reels and jigs until the small hours of morning. It is on record that the poor fiddler fell in love with the ' Widdy,' and in a moment of sympathetic tenderness plucked up courage to confess the same. Pat Keegan's relict listened to her lover until he had finished, and then she gave the un fortunate swain such a jiractical refusal that the doctor had to be called in, and Ruddy's life was despaired of for some time. If Mrs. Keegan was seyere betimes on her wee adorer, she took very good care thnt no one else bullied him. New Zealand can certainly boast some thorough going muscular ruffians, but the chief of them all was one Tiggser, otherwise Black Bullock, a rough and pugilist whose sole occupation was made up in lounging about shanties, night pilfering, and prize fighting. Bill Bullock — I beg his pardon — Black Bullock was at the Golden Dolphin on one occasion and began to bully every one us usual. His spleen seemed particularly directed towards the little fiddler, whom he caught in his powerful grip, and carried round the room at arms length, as if Ruddy had been no more than a poodle dog. The noise attracted the hostess, who ran into the room. ' Arrali, what's the matter wid yez,' she aske I. Then observing her favourite in the hands of the burly giant, her Irish ' dander' riz in a moment. 1 Put down the man,' she cried, and at the same instant Black Bullock received a blow full on his fron tispiece, which sent him staggering over two or three chairs. The pugilist dropped the fiddler and turned upon his assailaut, with a face in which all the latent passion of brute ferocity was visible. He came towards her, with fists clenched, and guard well up, and shewing his white teeth like a wolf. Mrs. Keegan knew her customer, knew that a knock from his huge, long knuckles, would be as a blow from a blacksmith's sledge. But she did not flinch. Just as the bully had got within range, and before he could lunge out at her, she seized a heavy poker from the fender and struck ' Tiggser' a dreadful thud upon his upraised arms, which made the fellow bellow like a mad bull. 'Take that , ye devil's bastard, an mend yer manners,' she cried. ' Come on now, if it's fighting yer afther.' With a horrid imprecation the infuriated savage steadied himself, and then rushed blindly at the ' Widdy.' Up went the unmerciful poker like a flash, and the Bullock went down all of a heap. He was carried out and soused with a plentiful supply of cold water. Beyond a broken head and a fractured wrist the bully sustained no further injury, but he gave the hostess of the Golden Dolphin a wide berth from that time forth. On this summer evening the hostelry was well patronised with a mixed posse of customers, each and all of whom appeared to be enjoying themselves after their own fashion. The long room was filled with diggers, and there were others present who did not dig or beg. Mick Ruddy was in his place, 1 dis- coorsing illigant music' after his manner, while his auditory danced, or went through a wild fandango that shook the building to its foundation. Steady min ; don't make such a row, shure the Captain up stairs can't bear his ears for yez,' said Mrs. Keegan, thrusting her head in at the door. ' Mark me now ! I'll not have the place turned into a shebeen, whin yer betthers are present.' ' We're as good as Captain Trenton any day. Although he is a beak and a big bug,' cried Danglers, who was present with Black Bullock, and one or two others of the same clique. The hostess put her arms akimbo, and strode up to the speaker. ' Look here, me bould fellow, this is my house, an' 1 mane to be cock o' the walk,' she said. ' If a gentleman comes here, I expect him to behave himself, an' if he doesn't chose to do that, faith, I'll learn him, in double quick time. Do ye mind now ?' ' Bravo, Mother Keegan,' from a dozen brawny throats. Danglers half tipsy, looked round him with a smothered curse on his lip, aad a flash of defiance in his evil eyes ; but a whisper from his companion altered the ruffians whole demean our in a moment to quiet submission. ' If it wasn't for the company beyant, shure the divil a one cared if yez broke the flure,' cried the hostess. ' Whin gintlemin, rale gintlemin, condescind to honour the Golden Dolphin wid their prizzenee, I'll have ordther. I've others here to-night beside Captain Trenton. Put that in your pipe an' shraoke it, Mr. Julias Danglers,' and Mrs. Keegan bounced out of the room. The best apartment in the inn had been given up to Captain Trenton, who was on his way to inspect a mine at the Thames Valley, so he said. Dinner had been ordered for three, for the Captain expected two friends to join him at the hostelry. Half an hour later and the expected guests came, in the persons of Paul Berjew and Barry Blake. Mrs. Keegan knew nothing of Captain Trenton, save by report, but she had a thorough knowledge of the two men who were dining with him. However, as she afterwards remarked, 1 it was no business of hers. People in her position never gained anything by meddling with what did not consarn thim,' etc. Wise philosophy, Mrs. Keegan ! The pity is that more of your charming sex do not follow your example in this respect. The observance thereat is often honoured in the breach in our day, save, in one or two Australian cities, where I have sojourned. There the people, male and female, fulfil the law of Moses, and love their neighbours as themselves, and there, indeed, the wise condition is fully recognised, which says that 4 the ox shall not be yoked with the ass.' On this summer afternoon, previous to the arrival of Berjew and his companion, Talbot Fane dismounts under the broad portico of the inn, and orders a meal, and a bed for the night. His handsome face pleases the ' Widdy,' who bestirs herself to make him comfortable. He is located next his honor, the Captain, and Fane eats his dinner alone, but enjoys it none the less for that. The meal ended, a buxom wench enters and clears the debris , lights a- lamp, then, with a smile and a curtsey, asks if he requires anythiny else. ' No, thank you. Nothing. Stay ! Be good enough to tell the ostler I shall want my horse at sunrise.' There is nothing unusual in the room, any more than is to be fouud in many of the country inns in New Zealand. Apart from the bed and the scanty furniture, Fane sees the partition against which his couch rests, is of matchboard, papered over, but the thin timber has shrunk considerably, revealing wide chinks and seams from floor to ceiling. He tries to amuse himself with an old newspaper, and, that failing, he begins to wonder if there is a tenant in the next room, and whether a lady or otherwise. Bye-and-bye his thoughts take flight back to Pinefalls and Grace Weldon. How long his reverie lasts he has no idea. Perhaps one hour, perchance two ! He is suddenly brought back to his surround- ings by the sound of voices in the corridor. Acting on some strange impulse of the moment, he rises and puts out the lamp. To be Continued. 