Eternal Hope—St. Paul's Tlieo tlicee. We recently received the following poem from the dean, but although put into type and revised by him, it has not prariovsly appeared in the Advertiser:— Yea, are there some who reached the door too late To whom the portals are as stern as fate? Do cherubim with word of flame still scare The sinful from the hope of dwelling there? Must those poor ghosts, for ever wandering, On one unceasing round the changes ring— The bliss that was and is no more to be, This cruel stony blank eternity ? No kin, no home, no garden now to till, No human love the empty heart to fill, No lower form of good, to cheat the pain Of withered hopes and aspirations vain f No rest of conscience, and no healing balm; Through ages pass, no interval of calm, But fiercely burns insatiable desire, And vengeance feeds the everlasting fire! Is this the sorry ending of the tale That swept like music down the lowly vale Where sad-eyed men consumed the bitter ye are In servile tasks, contending with their fears 2 Is this the gladsome gospel of His grace Who seemed to clasp the world in His embrace? We turn in horror from this dang of doom To Him whose love had surely larger room. He reigns; His purpose never shall he foiled— To cleanse the universe by evil soiled. All enemies of His shall be destroyed: No word of His returns uato Him void. The victory is His ; and who are they, Those foes whose evil power shall pass away ? Man is the hapless victim, but the foes The triumph of redemption overthrows Are beasts of prey that prowl around his fold. Death lords it much, intrenched in his stronghold, He fain would keep his captives—Death must die 1 And Sin shall not eternally defy The Master—power of all the universe— That purest of the world'e deliverers Who would not turn one footstep from the right l All sin must perish from before His sight. The Tempter, too, must yield—the rebel will Whose subtlety was worsted on the Hill Of Evil Ccunsel—he must yield his place, Or seek salvation by the way of grace. And Pain, that like a sleuth hound follows us— More been of scent, more fierce, more ravenous— And strikes his cruel fangs into the heart, This foe the Lord of Love will bid depart, And all the cries of suffering will cease When he shall reign the acknowledgedPrince of Peace. If none shall ever enter Paradise Except with new and wholly cleansed eyes, What words of grace, what blessed ministries, May chasten and prepare these souls for bliss That sometime pined without, we cannot know— What angel messages may come and go— What new revealings of forgotten truth May bring again the purest dreams of youth, Until the gold of purified desire Alone remains from the refiner's fire. All this is hidden in the future, but The door the Lord has opened none can shut. He lived for man ; for man, as man, He died: He claims all souls, and will not be denied. 