®rumb0. Dust. Show. 1 for 198. Warm again. Half holiday. No Parliament. Jones 108 not out. Live Stock Show. " A man with a record." Wool values keeping up. Battle of the harvesters. G.O.M. now wire-pulling. " Struck Oil" on Saturday. Heath committed for triaL Rain squalls coming along. Matterson declines to row Evens. Lots of button-holeing at the Sho w. No Federal Council Bill this session. Parade of horses at 2 this afternoon. More trains to the hills next month. James Zimri should make enquiries. Lecture by Bishop Kennion to-night. " Oar Boys" at the Academy to-night. Wapstraw'a holiday—looks all smiles. Who was responsible for that cartoon? Liberal Unionists to be got at if possible. Ratepayers don't forget that lighting rate. Annual meeting Catholic Refuge to- night. Another Sank clerk got mixed in his casti. Forest planting begins at Belair this week. Hanlan's late challenge declined by Beach. " The Artist" shields Councillor Robertson. Sir Charles Mitchell appointed Governor of Fiji. Mr. Mallabone has retired from the contest. H.M.S. Diamond going to the New Hebrides. Mr. Basedow going for Jack sparrow next week. Barometer at 9 o'clock this morning 30'1'J, rising. Rowley now tackling fore-and-aft cattle trucks. Four candidates out for the vacancy in Si. Peters. Fifty British Associates will visit Sydney in 1SSS. Blooming country cousins trotting around to-day. Adelaide's pale-faced beauties in the shads to-day. S. P. H. Wright, an old South Australian, is dead. Parnell clearing the way for his friend the G.O.M. ? Should not a man be proud of a "good record." That tinkettling case not so serious as waa thought. The eloquent Bishop on S. Ignatius this evening. Union's XXX cot afraid even of the electric light. Hon. J. Rankine now knows the value of irrigation. Prince Alexander advised to abdicate by Bismarck. Beach won't meet Hanlan except on the Paramatta. Northern Territory shooting case one of Lynch-law. Australian Eleven making a creditable expiring effort. Will the Nairne District Council row ever come to an end? French Press still demanding annexation^ of New Hebrides. Agricultural Society decided against th it State Bank booth. Old Kaiser and his boss interviewing. Russian Minister again. State Bank Venning must harangue oatside the Show Grounds. Tenders invited for the western annexe of the Exhibition Building. Government tree- planting ordered at Balair now that they are in leaf. Fatherland's three old fossils still afraid of' their red-capped neighbour. Patrick Boyce reckons he won't be of much use twenty-four years hence. Sun roBe at 6. a.m.; sets at 5.51 p.m. Moan set at 7.26 a.m.; rises at 8.25 p.m. Have you seen St. Peter's College Sports prizes in Mr. Brunckhorst's window? Rev. F. W. Cox is preparing a history of Congregationalism in South Australia. State Banker Venning's booth shut oat of' Show—not good enough, even for an h.m. Central Literary Society divide the pal a. to-night between Thaskeray and Dickens. Councillor Robertson denies that he took any part in the production of that cartoon. Qaotation for to-day—Vanity is the sia, and affectation is the punishment.—Saville. Queensland native tribes having a bout at home rule—spears and waadies flyingarouncL Folks with grievances are invited to lay them before the Stores Commission—no fees. The General will attend the showof E AS tern Suburban greycoats on Staff ground to-night. S, Ignatius was one of the very earliest of the fathers whose writings have come dowa to us. Time of Parliament now taken np explaining the meaning of Government advertisements. Residents of Mount Rat object to Government keeping defunct cattle in their watersupply. This evening the Eastern- Suburban Company will be inspected at the Staff parade ground. Mr. Newland's scheme for constructing, the Transcontinental Railway get three adherents yesterday. The Sandwich Islands, twelve in number, embrace a superficial area of about (5,0Ji> square miles. Tyndal says 50,000 typhus germs will thrive: in the small circumference of a pin-heal, or visible globule. St. Peter's: College Sports next Saturday,. The prizes are in Mr. Brunckhorst's winio v. for to-day only. "The Artist'' of that cartoon nevjc imagined so much fuss woald be made oves. an innocent squib. The Bishop of Durham has recently published a life of S. Ignatias which has tni le. some sensa'ion at home. Tommy Atkins protests against £3 card* basket trophies as prizes, upon which hi«- uncle won't give more than 103. The number of widowers in London sho .va by the census of 18S1 was 56.S33. It is worth observing that there is an excessive number of widowers—and widows as well—living intowns as compared with those resident in th<? country, arising possibly from their fiadiag the social life there more congenial than^th^ quiet existence of rural districts. At the Colinderies on Whit Monday S0,2'J t persons passed the turnstiles—a multicui^ which consumed 50,000 rolle, 5,000 loaves oSbread, and 50 tons, or 112,000 lb., of msat. That is to say, each man, woman, and eail i- at the Exhibition that day disposed of nearly H lb. of meat. The fact is enough to aiak* vegetarians give up the ghost. A book on the German Classics has been announced in America as " Hours with the German Lasgies." This recalls the story ot the Scotch Professor who notified that hewould " meet his classes," on such-and sa jn. a day. The students altered this t > " meet his lasses," but had the tibles fairlyturned upon them when the Professor hi -selc lopped off the " 1" and made the word " asses. 1 ' A Scotch statute of 1223 read as follows: — " It is statut and ordaint that during the reine of her maist blissit Magestie, ilk forth year, known as leap year, ilk maiden ladye of baith high and low estate shall have liberty to bespeak ye man she likes ; albyit, if he refuses to take her to be wif, he shaU be mulcted in the sum of ane poundis (£1) o* less, as his estait moie be, except and awis if he can make it appear that he is betrothed t > ane woman, and then he shall be tree." 