viliiers. Mr. H. Saunders, Southern Cross, Yarpturk, reports What is tho kind of wheat most suit able for your district? I thiuk Frampton's & the variety usually grown. Barley : About the samo area. Capo generally produces the betteii yield, but tho English more valuable. Verj? few oats sown for grain. Tartarian, Foxtail and Canadian are tho most common. I thins there is more ground in with - oats, for hay this season ; I can hardly say what proportion, per- haps ono-fourth more. No wheaten . hay out unless the crop, fails' for grain. -'English grass not. much out for hay, but I think about the same, as usual. Potatoes are the principal pro duct 't. I believe in this parish alonq there wili be 300 acres, but would not life to say forcer- tain ; also a few peas, I think the best rota tion usually followed here is after grass or new ground, potatoes ; next year wheat ii the j Sronnd la strong ; potatoes again, then oats or parley, followed by peas, then potatoes and book to grass again. Very little dairying in Wis particular parish ; eaoh farmer has a few pows and sells his anrplas. butter or cheese. Cows are always grazed m'paddocks, generally We grass (English) and clover paddocks. There la not a large quantity of cheese and butter for lale. Chiefly sold in Warrnambool, Koroit and locally, thence to Melbourne. Cultivated basses - Only for fodder ; very little cut for Seed, but a few acres— perhaps 80— in the parish! What kind of grasses do best in the Bistiict? English grass and clover are grown; they are usually sown "after tho potatoes are dp g ; if the ground is clean enough, just har rowed in. Appearance of crops : Generally good; ghost of the wheat is very promising. Fruit tress in Just a few private gardens ; no large orchards. General remarks : There are no large Sheep owners here ; very few kept on farms ; (he lambiDg, as far as I know, has been excep tionally good. Farm laborers are plentiful at \- (his time of the year ; from 15a to 20s. per Week is the usual rate of wages. 7th Sep tember. ... 