CRUEL LONDON. A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. BOOK IIL CHAPTER VII. Br JOSEPH HATTON, Author o! "dyHe. 1 . "Christopher Kenriek," &o.; UK. I)AMP£7. DLSCOUBSES OX POXSOV3. Small, deeply-Bet eyes, that seemed to focus an object as if they were lenses in a telescope, and could be projected forward and withdrawn within their depths, which were shadowy and dark; a sensual mouth cartially concealed by a black moustache ; a heavy jaw, a broad, flat nose; a somewhat retreating forehead, and black, silky hair; l)r. Dampez was a remarkable-looking man. Be_ was dressed in black cloth, he wore a white cravat and a pair of gold-rimmed eyeglasses. When he was amused or excited he had a habit of showing a set of white regular teeth that might have been as false as the colour of his black moustache, for his illshaven cheeks and chin were stubby with white hairs. Of medium height, he was broad-EhouIdered and stoutly built. His complexion was sallow; he took snuff continually ; he had laTge, fleshy, seared hands; and one leg was shorter than the other, so that he limped._ He was in singular contrast to the spare, blue-eyed, delicate, nervous-looking man who sat opposite to him, eagerly drinking in the doctor's words, and occasionally making a note on a sheet of paper. " Yes, it was a very remarkable case," said Decker, " and I am indebted to you for your learned and lucid description of it." "A friend of mine say you must leef London. What for, I ask ? If your reputation is bad, lif in London; if goad, why then still lif in London. If you wish to bide yourself, lif in London; do you desire to be poobliaue? lif in London. No, £ stay. I like the great city of cities—it agrees with me bess after I haf seen every other city of the world." The doctor spoke with a strong foreign accent, and with some slight action of the shoulders and the right hand. His voice was not unpleasant; but the peculiar motion of the eyes was that of a man of intense secretive power. He took snuff not only as if it gave him some physical enjoyment, but as though it assisted his memory, and afforded him useful pauses for reflection and observation. Some men obtain this latter aid by the nee of an eye-glass. Dr. Dampez did not use his glasses at all daring his interview with Decker. " You have travelled much ?" "All over the world. I know the flora, the minerals, the manufactures of every country. I am acquaint with the mineral poisons of every land—east, west, north, and south." "Are you a Frenchman, Monsieur? Pardon my inquidtivaness; I am anxious that we should know each other thoroughly." " Monsieur does me honour; I am a Cosmopolitan; my father was French, my mother was a Servian, I was born in Cairo." He smiled and offered his snuffbox to Decker, who declined it politely. "I prefer tobacco through the medium of a cigar; may I offer you a Cabana ?" "No, thank you." Decker lighted a cigar. " And you have devoted most of your life to the study of toxicology V " All my life, all, monsieur." "Just now I was thinking it might be possible to learn from you all you know." "It might be in a long time," said the Doctor, smiling, as if to hide the thought which was evidently in his mind. " I want to be your pupil. Don't think me rude. I gathered from what you said a while ago that you are poor." . "It is a verity," said the doctor, " as poor as Monsieur Job. I had a patroness. The lawyer almost ruin her in making for her the defence necessaire in the affaire I tell you about. She. leaf London for economies on the Continent. I remain.". " You would like to be rich?" "To have moneys is to live," replied Dampez, looking out of his depths upon Decker, and taking a pinch of snutf with more than usual cara, weighing it thoughtfully before consuming it. "You acknowledge the power of gold V " lie who denies it is a fool." Decker chewed the end of his cigar in the corner of his mouth, and rising from his seat to get a better view of ths doctor's face leaned against the mantelshelf. " Will you let me make you rich ?" " Will 1 <" exclaimed the doctor, shrugging his shoulders. " You shall give me your secret, and I will pay for the knowledge. £ will be your pupiL" Dampez moved his position, getting bis back to the light. "Gold for knowledge. Much knowledge, much money," said Decker; " is that fair ?" " Certainly, monsieur,'it is." " Did Mr. Topper Wiagfield tell you £ am a millionaire 1' "No, monsieur, no. But you are American." '' Therefore rich, eh ?" ' " Americans who travel much have moneys, that is my experience." "I have a gold mine, Mr. Dampez." " Mon Dien! The philosopher's stone. Monsieur, I throw myself to your feet." The Frenchman rose, smiled with his white teeth, not with his sallow face, and in sitting down again managed to place himself between Decker and the light. " Then is it ^agreed that I become your pupil?" The treaty is complete." " Shall I pay you a retaining-fee at once ? "Monsieur L'American is the soul of honour." " Will you fix the amount 2' "I leaf it with you; we are agreed about the value of knowledge and the power of money." Decker sat down and wrote a cheque for £300. " Will that retain your exclusive services for one week?" " Three ondred pounds," said the doctor, his eyes coming out of their depths to gloat over the draft, " payable at Nathan's. Monsieur is liberal." At the end of the week I will double it.* " Monsieur is charming." "You are a Cosmopolitan, you say, Dr. Dampez, but I suppose you have sworn allegiance to some Government ?' "No, monsieur. I have sworn allegiance to Science, I owe nothing to man; Nature is my monarch." " Forgive me for asking the question. "Monsieur is speaking to his servant," said Dampez; " let monsieur command." "May I J" " Certainment." But the small eyes seemed to hide themselves and watch. Decker tried to penetrate the opticial depths. " You gif me moneys, in return you at the service of my'braln." The doctor brushed away the snuff which had fallen upon his cravat, and Decker, op the point of coming straight to the business which was in his mind, paused for the second time, partly in doubt of himself, partly in doubt of the instrument to be used. It had occurred to him after reading the poisoning case, and giving rein to his morbid fancy, that if there were a subtle drug which would play the part of a familiar spirit to his bitter inventions against Tom Sleaford he could encompass bis revenge in such a way that no scandal should attach to the name of Caroline Denton. To shoot Sleaford would be to invite the whole world to an inquest upon Caroline's unhappy history. He had resolved to kill him under any circumstances. He would never quit this world and leave Tom Sleaford behind. There were other considerations which influenced him beyond the mere desire for vengeance; other intentions besides that profanely expressed one of doing the work of heaven. But at present the design of the fetal business was incomplete in conception and plan. It was destined that both should be in some measure directed by the knowledge to be imparted by Dr, DantptZ. "I have never studied toxicology, 1 ' said Decker, "all I know about it I gleamed from the famour chapter in Monte Christo." a " Ma. foi, then it is vera leetle," said -doctor, showing his teeth. " Mithradites the Medici's Flamel, Fontana. the Arabian Nights, L'Abbe Adelmonte, Madame Villefort, all amusant and romantic, bnt science, monsieur, is science, and fiction is a different thing altogether. Aqua delta Tofauia. Tres bieri; well, what was it ? Only a leetle arsenic crystal dissolve in waterre. It puzzles Its MvattU in the ages of the dark, but we detect him in the body to-day as easy as snufE The •cabbage-gaTdeu of Monte Cristo was pretty t. €s;'c"£,it iB the poetry of toxicology, vera good for the children, not for ua, monsieur, not for ns." " Don't yon think, then, that they manage these things in Eastern climes with the power accredited to them by Dumas ?" " No, not all; we laugh at their knowledps in Loudon. Would you lif with the secretB of the world around you, London, London, The Orien'al wise men in toxicology, they noison like the butchers; it is because there were no students des poisons of sufficient attainment to discover the deadly mineral thatcan nevaire hide him from the teatof the crand science. Monsieur, this talk of the tecrets possess by Italy,„ by the Turk, by the Indian, it is imposition. , ... . "Is that so?" asked Decker, doubtingly. "Andyet" „ .. " You would refer to history," said the doctor, as if reading Decker's thoughts. 4 1 Well, it gif you narratife of that same Aqva Tonfana as a mysterious invention of an Italian womanB of the fifteenth century, which was to destroy life in a year or in a few hours. During the Pontificate of Alexander Seven many husbands die, and there was a society of young married womans which deal with the poison under directions of an old hag of Sicily. You see how beautiful in this is the veil of religion ; Madame Spura, the crafty old womans, she make up her phials of Aqua deila Tofana with this inscription— 'Mana of St. Nicholas!' Ah, Monsieur Decker, if ycu would play cards with the devil get under the wing of a saint." " You are a philosopher as well as a toxicologist," said Decker. "They go together," replied the doctor. Madame Spaia kill COO people with the "Manna of St. Nicholas.' To-day let her lif in Europe. She kill one, we find her out, with lier vulgar arsenic and her cheap religion ; though we make much of the saints yet, and we murder thousands in open day with sword and gun, and Europe smile, only that we do it under a flag with a cross upon it, and for the loof of God." "I like you, Dr. Dampez," said Decker, ''lam in luck to find so excellent a professor." " The romance of poisons." said the doctor, smiling with bis teetb, "is full of tragic episode?, all with one lesson against the unlearned tampering with a science which has no royal road to its mystery,"monsieur. Mar guerite d'Aubray, Marchioness de Brin . villiers. her nan.e h a reproach to humanity, but it is also more, another of many examples thatjwomans always end bad with toxicology. A Gascon loof madame and is put into prison by his family. There he study poison. She come to him; he gif her the leetle pill or what not; she kill her family; the Gascon make his leetle dose in a mask, the fumes of the compound are fatal to life; one day his mask fall; he die. Madame is so much desire to have his secret, she say too much; her crime was discover; she gave up the ghost in fire, they burnt her alife. You shudder, monsieur !" " A horrible death for a woman!" said Decker. "I do not know, perhaps it is; some womans who haf the faith in the saints embrace the fire and say they like it: but that is in the past, not to day when martyrdom is out of the mcde." " Gone, with truth and honour "and virtue," said Decker. " You haf been disappointed, monsieur." Decker shrugged his shoulders. " Disappointment comes of expecting too much." " I hope you and I will avoid that in the business which brings us together." Dr. Dampez took snuff, and brushed the dust of it from his sleeve. '* The ancients," said Decker, bringing the doctor back to his subject, "had poisoned rings; the Greeks had fatal wreaths for virgin brows; the Indians have poisoned arrows to this day." " True; but we are talking of a method that dely discovery, are we nol ? We wipe out the charlatan of the past; we snuff out the quackery of witch and magician. We stand in the broad light of Science." "It is plain that in this matter of toxicology I am an infant, groping in the dark, nervous, until I grow accustomed to the absence of the daylight; but I shall have all the courage man can have when I feel my feet and stretch out my baud, and know what lam clutching.*' " Let monsieur be frank with hi3 professor. If monsieur would study lexicology from a medicolegal basis, I shall tell him in the language of the manual that ia douleur, les angoisses, les convulsions cn ferment le trhle cortege, la mort en est souvent le term.s, qnehme fois ellejrappe sur le champ sa viciime, which monBieur will translate—'Pains, agonies, convulsions form the sad procession, death is often the end, sometimes suddenly she strikes her victim," and with such dolorous introduction I shall teach him what a noison is, its effects, its antidotes, and I shall refer my pupil for historic instances to Its causes ccUbres of le manual des poisons. But if monsieur has other purposes we waste time." Decker bowed, intimating his desire not to interrupt the doctor. " You wish that I should discourse?"' " Go on, doctor." " I fear to appear egotistic, but I know of what 1 speak, and 1 lay ou the side tradition, romance, the tragedy on the stage, with its phials and its rings, its fumes of the witches, and I deal with the grand science alone, the wonders of nature, and the wonders of the mind of man, which conquer nature. Let us dismies the quack of the fiction and the stage, and come to the plain truth, When I was a student first I haf for my professor a savant who was in the schools chez Chaussier; he had witness au.c experiences de Messieurs Alibert, Dupuytreu, Magendie, OrfiU; he was acquaint with the interesting observations of Portal, and as his pupil I began my life with the fruits of half a century of enquiry, experiment, succesB. Bat monsieur, in London there is Englishmen who haf get at the very heart of nature, who laf at your wise men of the East—Messieurs Taylor, Guy, Sare John Harley, Sare Brodie, Messieurs Blake and Bernard. Monte Cristo ! Why we gif to small leetle boy in Paris or London vji ileve of the school in our laboratory, our surgery, our chemistry, we gif to him to manage a case of de Monte Cristo, and he find it out altogether." \To be continued.) 