CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. FBv Teleeranh.l Melbourne, October 22. Little John and Jim Cain were treated to three turns on the tan, the last round at an improving pace. The Geelong Handicap winner finished as strong as a lion, and: he is ' in rare buckle, and if all goes well will run a great horse in the Cup. Carnival brushed over four furlongs for good work. Epicurean cantered, winding up with a spurt over a furlong or two. St. Albert, Clarenjdon, Young Horatio, and Maori Chief put in healthy exercise on the sand and tan. Highland Chief ran a circle on the tan at a good useful pace. His stable companion Kohai ran a merry five fur longs. Agnes and Lord Allen pottered StAnntr (Tern 4~.lv 'RlrkVirlin T-li-kTrr1^/-| niAnr* on the tan. King of . the West was extended over a circle on the tan, and the son of King of the Ring seemed to take his work very kindly. Silvermine and Sirocco circled two rounds on the sand for a good working gallop, the Cup horse going nicely. Ben Bolt cantered, and was afterwards joined by Western. The pair started from the two mile pest on the course proper, and moved away to the one and a half, when steam was put on, the Queenslander going strong and well, Lando running home with him the last four furlongs. The tune occupied for onca round was very good. Bohemian went a long slow-pace exercise on the grass. Melbourne, October 24. Bohemian and Goodwood put in an early appearance, the son of Maribyrnong running a strong two miles, his stable companion bring ing him home the hut part of the journey, wnich was considered the best gallop of the morning. The former, who generally goes a bit 'dotty,' palled up sound. Grace Darling, Empress, Hot Iron. Crane, Golden Fleece, and tbe Robinson Crusoe colt pottered along gently. The former is not up to her last year's form. Silvermine aud Bonnie Doon were given a gallop over the Cup course. The pair jumped off at the 2-mile post, and finished some good substantial work. The former is improving since his Caulfield Cap defeat. The Derby colt Blondin assisted his companion Highland Chief the last mile of two, the Cup horse moving free and well all the distance. As Little John, King of the West, and Jim Cain emerged from, the scraping sheds, there was a general rush for positions to see where they started from. The trio cantered once round slowly, when the latter eased off and allowed the first named pair to brush along for a mile. Then the son of King of the Ring allowed the Cap horse's younger brother to finish the remaining: mile, which was done in very satisfactory time. The gallop seemed to please the onlookers very much indeed. Ben Bolt accompanied by Western and Lando performed a good sound working gallop, taking his work very kindly. Melbourne, October 25. There was a strong wind and drizzling rain to-day. SIh ermine and Sirocco went twice round on the sand at useful pace, the Cup horse foing in his usual free style. Littie John aud im Cain were given a 'pipe opener' on the tan. Bohemian, Mia Mia, Delamia, and remainder of others did useful work. Grace Darling did slow exercise on the tan, Ben Bolt covered three rounds of the tan. The work was of a very ordinary description, Monday generally being regarded as an off day. Melbourne, October 26. The weather was bitterly cold this morning. Bonnie Lad, Carnarvon, and Geraldine brushed' over six furlongs in good style, the former having slightly the best of his companions at; the finish. Eugenie and Upper Crust galloped half - a - mile in fair time. Mia-Mia brushed over seven furlongs, the daughter of Drummer finishing strong and welL Warfield put in some nice striding work oa the grass. This horse will win a good race ere long. Ambassador slipped for five furlongs in good time. The Ghost, who has disappointed his trainer on the last two or three occasions, ran a very fast round, and on the last turn he accompanied Ben Bolt over the first mile in 2 nun., the Cup horse going strongly and well. The former eased off after finishing his task, and allowed Lands to go on with the son of Newbold to the home turn, when he ran into a burdle and got rid of his rider, who luckily escaped serious injury. Delamia looking, 'pink' was brushine along on the tan. Carnival ran five furlongs for useful work. Glen worth and Lady Lovell, the Maribyrnong Plate candidates, left five furlongs behind them, on the grass. This pair are very forward. Phoebe Walton put in sharp exercise on the tan. Preston was treated to a spell. High land Chief and Blondin curded on the grass for around at a useful working pace. Epi curean bowled along on the tan. Silver mine, who seems to look better every day, finished a good sound gallop over, two miles, finishing well. Gadfly, 'Empress, Crane, and Grace Darling were on the course, but did no 'watch breaking.' There was a host of others working, but owing to the threatening aspect of the weather the trainers finished early. Bohemian and New York did not put in an appearance up to the time of writing. 