Story. In the Dark. It is the Bfcrangeet, most unaccountable thing I ever knew ! I don't think I ani euporstitious, tut I can't help fancying that — ' Ethel left the sentonoo unfinished, wrinkling ? her brows in a thoughtful frown as she gaxod lrin5P the depths of her ompty teacup. - ' 'What has happeued ?' I inquired, glancirg up from the money article, of lite Times at my duughter » pretty pizzled fnco. ' Nothing un \- canny, I hope ! You havon't discovered that a Rhcil ib included among the fixturea of our now hOUEO ?' This now houae, Tha Codara, was a pretty, old-fashioned rivoraido villa between Sichmond and Kcw, which I had taken furnishod, aa a .summer rei idence, and to which we had only . jmt icmoTed. Xot me state, in paronthosis, by way of intro ducing myself to tho ror.dor, that I, John Uysnrt, air. a widower vtith ono child — tho bluo eyed, fsir-hnirod young hdy who sat of- pcoiie to mo at the br?ak{int table thst bright June morning — and that I hnvo been for inscy years tlio manager of an old-established lift) insurance company in tbo city. ' Y-hafc is tho myatery ?' I repeated, as Ethel did rot reply, Bhe came oiifc of her brown study, and looked at mo impressively. 'It roBlly is a mystery, papa, and the more I think ol it. tho more puzzled I cm.' ' I nm in the datk a- pres-vnt as to -what 'i'J nw bs,' I reminded her. ' Something that happened last r*igl\t. Yevi know ttat adjoining my beirooin tliero i3 a Urge dark closet, which con be ined us a box or storeroom ?' 'I had forgotten the fact, but I will take your word for it. 'Well, 2itkel ?' 'Well, lant night I was rcslle3o, and it wee some hours before I could sleep. When at last I did so I had a strange dream about that closet. It aetmed that as I lay in bid I heard a tioiee within, as if some cue were knocking at the door, and a child's voieo, broken by eobs, eryicg piteously, * let mo out, let me out !' I thought that I got cut or' bed r.nd opened tho door, and there, crouching all in a heap against ttowall, was a littloboy— a pretty, palo little fellow of six or seven, looking half wild with ! fright. At the same moment i woke.' ' And lo, it was a dresm I' I finished. '?' If that is ali, Hthel — ' 'But it is not,' she intorpossd. 'The strangest part of the story has to come. Tho dream was so vivid that whon I woie I eat up in bed and look toward the closet door, almost expecting to hear the sounds ogain. Fapa. you may believo me or not, but it is a fact thufc I dirt hear them— the mtJlUd knocking and tho pitiful cry. As I listened it grew fainter and fainter, and at l3Bt ceased altogether. Then I summoned courage to get out of bed and opeu tho door. Thtre was no lirin» creaturo in the plsre. VCasitnot xnyattrious ?' she concluded. ' Wf.at can it mean ?' I giaceed at her with a smile, as I rcfoldod tho paper aDd roee from my chair. ' It means, my dear, that you had nightmira last night. Let, ma recommend you for tho future cot to eat cucumber at dinno-.' ' No, paps,' she interrupted. ' I was broad awake, and I heard tbo child's voics aa plainly as I ever heard a sound in my life.' 'Why didn't you call me?' 'I wns afraid to Etir till the eound had fenced ; but if I ever bear it again I will let you kr.ow at enca.' ' Be euro yoti do. Meantime suppose you como into the garden,' I continued,' throwing open the 2'reneh windows j ' the morning air will b'ow a'l theso cobvrebi) from your brain.' Ethel complied, and for the present I heard no more of the subject. Seme days paEEed away, nnd we began to feel quite at home in our new quarters. A moro delightful Bummer retreat than Tho Cedars could hardly be imagined, with its cooi, dusly rooms, from which tbo sunlight was ex cluded by tho screen of foliage outside, its trollised veranda overgrown with oreeperB, and its smooth lawn, shaded by the rare old cedar trees which gave the place ita name. Cur friends soon discovered it3 attractions, acd took Core that we should not stegnate for want of society. We kept open house ; lavre tenui-. garden parties, and boating excursions were tho order of tho day. It was glorious, summer xreatber, the days warm and golden,' the nights starlit and still, One night, having aomo important letters to finish, I sat up writing after all the household wbs in bed. The window was open, and at inteivah I glanced up from my paper acroj3 the moonlit' lawn, where the thadowa of tho cedars lay dark and motionless. ITow and then a great downy moth would flutter in and hovor round tho shaded lamp j now and thon the swallows under the eaTOs uttered a faint, alcrtpy rhirp. For all other signs and sounds of life I might have been the only watcher in all the sleeping world. I had finished my task, and was just clsBing my writing-case, when I heard a hurried move ment in tho rsoin above— Ethel's. Sootstepa descended the stairs, and the next moment the dining-room door opened, and Ethol appeared in b long white dreseing-gown, with a small night lamp in her hand. Jhere was a look on her face which made me ftort up and exclaim, 'What is tha matter ? What cau happened? ' She Bet down tho lamp, and came towards me. 'I have heard it again,' ihe breathed, lay ing her hand on my wrist. ' You haTO heard— wh»t ?' ''? Tho noise in tho bosroom.' I stared at her a moment in bewilderment, snd then half smiled. ' Oh, is that it ?' I exclaimed in a toue of relief. 'You hive been dreaming again, it BBtmi.' ' I havo not been asleep at all,' aha replied. 'Iha sounds have kept mo awake. They are louder thsn the first time J the child seemed to be sobbing pnd crying bb if his heart would break. It is miserable to hear it.' 'Have you looked insido?' I oiked, im pressed in spito of myself by her manner. 'Ko, I dared not to-night. I was afraid of EOf ing— Bomething,' iho roturnod with a shiver. ' Come, we must get to the bottom of this myEtery,' 1 said cheerfully, and taking up the lamp, I led tho way upstairs to her room. As the door of the mystorioiu closet was lovol with the wall, nnd papered like it, I did not perceive it till Ethel pointed it out. I listened with my car close to it, but heard not the faintest eound, and after waiting a moment threw it open and looked in, holding tbo lamp so that, every corner was lighted. It was a cramped, close, airless place, the ceiling (which was im mediately below tho upper staircase) sloping at nn acute angle to tho floor. A glaceo Bhowod me that it contained nothing but a broken chair and b couple of empty boxes. Slightly shrugging my shoulders, I closed the door. '!Your ghost is vox et prceterea nihil it lecms,' I remarked dryly. ' Don't you thiuk. Ethel, you may have been ? ' Ethol held up her hands; motioning me to silence. ' Hark !' she whispored, ' there it io igain ! But it w dying away now. listen — ' I complied, half-infected by her excitement, but within and without the house all was profoundly still. 'MThere— it has ceased,' «ho said at length drawing a deep breath, ' lou hoard it, did you not ?' . - ? '*'?.?? I riicok my head. ' My dear Ethol, thora ?H'no'Kstbing to hear,' Sho oponidher bltio eyes to their widsst. ' Papa — am I not to believe tho evidonoe of my own tenses ?' . . '' Wot .when thoy are affooted by nervous excitement. 'If you give way to this fanoy, you -Kill oajclninly make yourself ill/ Bee how yon trembio:! Come, lie down again and try to sJeep.' . 'JSofc }wie,' she .roturnod, glancing round rith. b eliuddur. 'I shall go to the 'spare chamber. ' Ifotiuo^ would induce me to spend another eight in tiiit chambor.' I laid so more, bu6 1 felt perplexed and up escy. , It was BO; iinliko Ethol to indulgo in superetitioue fatcics that I be^an to fear sho muat be Bmoukly out of oealth, and I resolved, for my own satiif.iciiap, £9 Jjr.vfl a doctor's opinipn rrgoidiDg Jtor. ,: . ' It happened that our nearest neighbour was a physioian, whom I know by repute, though rot personally acquainted with him. Aftor breakfast, without mentioning my intention to my daughter, I sent a noto to Dr. Cameron, requeuing him to call at his earliest con vonienco. He came without dolny ? a tall gray-bearded man of middle age, with a grave, intelligent face, observing eyes, and sympathetic manner. Bis patient received him with undisguioad astonishment, and on learning that ha had called at my request, she gavo 1115 a look of muto rtpronch. 'I cm sorry thatpapi troubled you, Dr. Cameron. Tlioro is really nothing whatovcr Iho matter with mo,' Bho said. And, indeed, at that moment, with flushed cheeks and eyes oven brighter than usual, she looked as little liko an invalid as could woll bo imnpined. 'My dear Ethel,' I interposed, 'when propla tako to drcunnng startling dreams, and hearing supernatural sound?, it is a sign of somethirj; wrong either in mind or body— as I am -u;o Dr. Cameron will tell you.' Iho dector started perceptibly. 'Ah—is this SI isB Dy Bart'* caso?' ho inquired tuniiuft to hir with a eudd:n look o( interest. ihe coloured and hesitated. '' I havu had a sttango experience, which papa considers it delusion. 1 darcsuy you will bo of tha eorao opinion.' '-??uppese you toll mo what it was?' ho Biiggcoted. tho was silent, trilling with or.e of hor silver bangles. ''Please excuse mo,' sho suid, hurriedly, at length. ' I don't caro io 6pehk of it ; butpupi will tell yon.' Atd, beforo I coulo detain her, she bad hurriedly left tho room. When we wove left alone ho turned to me inquiringly and in a few words I related to him what tho reader already knows. Ke lietcnod without interruption, anil, when I had finished, cat for eomo momenta without epe^king, thoughtfully stroking hia beard. Eo wns evidently impressed by what he had heard, and I waited aniiously for his opinion. At length he looked up. ' Mr. Dryssrt,' ho said gravc!j'a 'you will be surprised to learn that your daughter is r.ct the first who has had thit- strange 'ex porierce.' Preiioua ttnants of Tho Oedura have heard exactly the sounas whicii s!it- describes.' I pushed my chair back half a yard in my astonishment. ' Impossible !' Eo nodded emphatically. ' It is a fitd, though I don't protend to ex plain it. These strange manifestations hava been noticed at intervals for tha last thro.i or four years — ever since tho houss was occupied by a Ccptain Vandcluur, whoso orphan nephew—— ' '?' Vandeleur !' I interrupted. ' Why, ho was a client of ours. Ho insured hi3 nephew's life in our office for a lnrgo amount, and——' 'And a few months afterwurds tho child suddenly and mysteriously died,' my com panion put in. 'A singular coincidence, to say the lenst of it.' 'So tiogular,' I acquiesced, 'that wn thought it a caso for inquiry, pitrtijularly as the ex-enptain did not bear the best of characters, and was kno«u to be bead over eava in debt But I sm bound to say that aftar the closest investigation nothing was discovered to sug gest a sujpieion of foul play.' ' nevertheless thero had been foul play,' wr.s tho doctor's reply. ' You doii't mean that he murdered the boy !— that prelty, fragile-looking littlo fel low--—' 'So, ho did not murder him, but he l»i him die,' Dr. Cameron rejiined. ' Perhaps you are not aware,' he continued, ' that tho little lad vra3 somewhat feeble ia mind ao well a3 body ? I attended him eo?3 that once at Vandeleur's request, and I found that among other ctraugo fears and antipathies ho had a naorhid dread of darksees. To b» alone in a dork rcom for only a few minutes waa enough to threw him into a paroxjirn of nervous exritc ment. Ei» uncle, who, by the way, pro feEied more affection for him thnfc I could quite b^iievo in, -ohtn I noticed how the child abrank from him- consulted mo as to.j best means o£ ovi'rcoming this yrt'akncsa. I strongly ad vised him to humour it for the pres c t.warniuz fcim that any mental shock might j jdanscr tha boy's reaaoi, or even bis lifo. I littie thought thcEO words of mino rculd prore hie death vratraut.' ' What do you mean ?' ' Only a few days after^arda Tandekur lccied him up fill sight in a dark closet, isharo ho was found tho neit morning, ci-oucMng against the wall— his hand clenched, bi3 eyes fixed Mid staring — dead,' 'Good heaven, how horrible ! 33ut no word of this was mentioned at the inquest !' 'Noj and I did not hear of it mysalf till leng afterward, from a weman who had been 'Vandeleur's houieiiecper, but was too much afraid of him to betruy him at tho timo. From her, tco, I learned by what icSncd cruelty the poor littlo lad's nerves had been abahen* and his_ bcblth^ undermined. If 'the iutcntiua ntn'fes the dad,' James Tandelsur was a muv defer.' I was tiltct a moment, thinking, with an un comfortable thrill, of Ethel's dream. ' I wish I had never entered this ilbomened house! ' I exciaimt d at leDgth. ' I dread the effect of lhiB revelation oa my daughter's mind.' 'Wliy need you tell her? ' ho quoitioneu. ' My advice is to say nothing more about it. Qbo sooner eho forgets the 6iibjoct the bettor, fcecd her aw»y to the seaside ; change of air and scone will soon efface it from hor mo nioiy,' Be rote as ho spoko, and took up his hot. 'WhathasbecomsoEVandnleurr ' liaquired, 'Ihavobenrd ruthing of him eince we paid the polioj .' 'Ho has brcn living ebrcp.d, I bs'.iova — goirg to the dogs, no doubt But ho ia ia SrjjluEd cow,' the doctor added ; or elao it was liis ' fetch ' which I saw at ycur gate the other night.' ' At our goto 1' I echoed in astonishment. ' What the deuce was he doing there ?' 'Be teemed to be watching tho house. It was last tunday evening. I Sad boon dining with friends atHicumond, and on my way back, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I noticed a man leaning over the gate at Tho Cedari. On hoar ing footstepB ho turned and walked nwsy, but not feeforo I had caught a glimmo of hid face in the moonlight.' ' And jou aro sure it tbs ho ?' 'Almoit certain— though he wai gwatly altered for the worse. I bavo a preisoutiment,' do jon know, that you will see or hear of him yourself before lon-;,' he added, thoughtfully, as he sbcok hands and went his *.v3y. 1 lost no time in following his advico with regard to Ethel, whom I dispatched to Scar bcrougb, in charge of my married sister, a fow daya later. I had taken a hearty dislike to The Cedars, acd resolved to get it off raj bauds as soon ai might bo. 'Until another tenant could bo found, how ever, I continued to occupy it, going to and from town as before. Cnp evening I was sitting on the lawn, smoking an after-dinner cigar and re-reading Sthel'B last letter, which quite reassured me ai lo her health and spirits, when our sidtto old housekeeper preicntad herself with the infor mation that a 'parly' had called to see tho house. 'A gontleman or a kdy ?' I inquired. 'A gentleman, sir, but he didn't give his name.' 1 found tho visitor standing near the opon window of the drawing-room ; a tall, gaunt man of 35 or thereabouts, with handeomo but htggard features, and reBtless dark eyes, His lips were covered by a thick mouetacho, whioh ho was nervously twisting as he itood looking out at the lawn. ' This house is to be let, I beliova ; will you allow me to look over it ?' ho siskod, turning towardB mo as I enterod. Bis voice seemed familiar: I looked at him more closely, and then, in Bpite of the obangs in his sppearanco, I rocogued Cspt. Tandoleur. Whaj could havo brought him hero, I wondered. Surely be would not care to roturn to the house, even if ho woro in a position to do «o— which, judging from the shabbinens of his appearance, seemed very doubtful. Half a dozen vaguo conjectures flaihcd through my mind ns 1 glancod at his faoo, and noticed the roBtless, ' haunted' look which told cf 101110 wearing droad or anxioty. After a moment's hesitation I assontod to his request and recolved to conduct him mysolf on his tour of inspection. 'I think 1 have met you boforo,' I aaid, feoliug curiouo to know whothor ho recollected mo . IIo glanced at mo absently. ' Possibly — but not of late years ; for I havo leon living abroad,' was his reply. Having shown him the apartmonta on the ground- iloor, I led tho way upstairs. Ho followed me from room to room to iu on ab sent, libtltds fashion, till we came to tho cham ber which Bthel had occupied. (Then his interest acomed to 10 vivo all at ones. Eo glanced quietly round tho walls, hio oyoa resting on the door of the box-closut. 'That is a bath or dressing room, I sup poio ?' he said, noddicg toward it. 'ITo, only a place for lunibnr. Jrorhaps I ought to tell yon that it io said to ba haunted,' 1 addetl, effecting to -p«»k carelessly, whilo I kept my eyes on his faco. Ho started and turned toward ino. 11 Haunted — by whut ? ' ho inquired, with a faint sne^r. ' Koi-liing Vshii thaa ratj or mice, I expect.' ''Ikere is & tragicil stor- conneetid with that, place,' I answered deliberately. 'It is enkl that an unfortunate child waa chut up there to dio for fear, in the dirk.' Tho colour rsshed to his face, thunretrcatsd, leaving it deadly white ' Indeed !' bo faltered: 'sstu! do you mean to tey that he, llio child lias buuu soon ?' ' Ko, but he has be..n hoard kacckin(;withiu and crying to bo let cut. 'JL'he f»uL is ccullruiod by every teuant Tfho has occupied the house sh:co ' ? I stopped short, BtaHlort by tho effect of my revelation. My companiou wns gasini; at me with a blank str.re of horror which banished all other expres sion from his face. ' Good heaven?' I heard him mutter; ' c?.n it bo true ? Can this bo the reason why I was drawn back to the placo in Bpito of niyialf ?' Becollecting huneelf, however, ho turned to me, nsd forced his wbiie lips into a smilo. ' Mysterious story !' he commented, dryly. ' I don't believo a word of it myself, but I should hardly cars to tako a houoe with such an uncanny reputation. I thick J. need not ttoublo you any furthor.' As he turned towards tho doo? I saw hio figure sway &s; if he were foiling. Ho put liis hj.nd to his side, with a Rasp of pain, a bluish shads gathering OTir hia face. 'Are you ill?' I exclaimed, in alarm. ' It is nothing. I have ft weakness of tho hca: t, and I am subject to these attacks. May I ask you for a glaso of water ?' I left the room to procuro it. When I re turned X found ho had fallen upon the bod in a. d?F.cl sweon. I hastih rtesralchcd a Eervaut for Dr. Cameron, wi. ? !i -iipcned to bo at homo, and came immeiin\lt\\- . 11= roccgckidniy vijiicrat once, and glanced al me eicoiiuactly. I rapidly explaintd what had happened, whilo ho bent ovor tho uncon ccioue man, anu bared his chest to liston to the heart beiito. When he raiied himself hia faco was omi noiuiy grave. '? Is lie in danf er ?' I asksd quickly. ' Noti in immediate danger, but tho next attack will probably be hio last. His heart is mortally diseased.' It was neatly an hour before VamUleiir awoke, aril then only to partial consciousness. He lay in a sort of stupor, his Jimba norveless, his hands damp and cold. 'It ia impossible to remove him in this condition,' tho doctor remarked ; ' I fear he must slay hero for tho night. I will send yon someone to watch him.' '? Por.'fc trouble — I intend to cit up with him myseif,' I replied, speaking on an impuhe ? coulw hardly explain. Eo lcoked at mo koonly over his Epoitaclss. ' Should you like m« to share your wutch ? ' he ir.quired, after a Moment. ' i should be only too glad of your company, if you can como ?without inconvenient-.'.' Be uodd'.d. ' I must leave you new, but I will r-:!urn in an hour,' ho responded. Threo hours had passed nway ; it was nearly midnight. 'Iho night was oppressivoly close and profoundly still. 'Xhe bedroom window stood wide opon, but not a breath of air ttirrecl tho curtains. Outtide all waa vague and dark, for neither moon nor sl-ira wire visible. Tcrideleur stili l»y half-dressed on tho boil, but cow asleep, ilis deep, regulur breathing loui.dtd distinctly in tho silence. Dr. Cameron eat near the oreoting tiblo, reading by the light of a shaded lump. I tco had a boot, but fouiid it iropostiblo to keep my attention iix^d upon it. My mind waa possessed by an uueaoy feeling, half dread, half expectation. I found myself listening nervously to fancied sounds, and storting when the dootor turned a lejf. At leDgth, overcome bj the heat and slillnost, I cioccd my eyes, and unconsciously sank into a doze. Bow long it lasted I cannot toll, but I awoto abruptly, and looked round with a senbe of vs£ue alarm. I glanced at tho doctor. Ha had laid down his book, and wns leaning for wHid with one arm on tho dressing table, looking intently towards the door of tna box ream. inttinttiTtly I held my breath, and ' libtencd. Eever thill 1 forget the thrill that ran through my nerves when I hoard from within a muill&d; knocking sound, and a child's voice, diBtiuet, though faint end broken by Boba, cry ing piteously : ' Let me out, let me out !' 'i)o you hoar?'! whispered, bending for w*rd to my companion. Ho inclined his head :n aesent and motioned mo to bo silent, pointing toward the bod. Its occupant n'.ovid uneafily, aa if disturbed, muttering some incoherent phrases. Suddenly be puthc-d t.cck hia covering and sat upright gczing around with u wild, bowilderod s'.are. lha pitiful entroaly was repeated more violently and more passionately than before. ' j.ct me out, let 11:0 out !' Wlh a civ thai; rung thrnugh tbo room, Yacdelcu:- fjisang from thu l.jd, reached tho closet doer iu tiro st rides, and lore it open. It mt empty. Empty ut. Ljust to our cros, bui, it wes evident that our companion behold what wo could not. For a few breathless seconds bo stood us if frozen, hie oyts fixed with, the fascination of terror on something just within tho threshold : then, as if retreating before it, ho ;eooik'd stop by Bttp ucrois tho room till ho waa Btjpped by the opposite wall, where ho crouched in an atti tude of abject fear. The sight wbb bo horrible that I could bear it no longer. . 'Are you dreaming? wafcoup?' I exjlaisiad and tho'.'k his ehouldor. Ho^ raised his eyes and looked at movaoantly. His lipB moved, but no sound camo from them' Suddenly a convuloivo Bhuddor ran through him, and ho fell heavily forward at my foat. 'Ho has swooned aguin, ' I said turning to my companion, who stooped and liftod the drooping head on to his kneo. After one glance, ho laid it gently down again. 'He is dead,' was hii grave reply. And with Vandelour's death my story ends, for after that night tho sounds were heard no more. Tho forlorn littlo ghost waB at rest. — 'Argosy.' BbitAIN has got 'possession of w.-it forests of touk, whioh, nover plentiful in India, was becoming commercially vory rare. Of all tho woods grown in the east this is the most valu able. It is neither too heavy nor too hard. It docs not warp or split under oxposuro to heat and dampness. It contains an oesontial oil which prevents its rotting undor wet conditions, and at the aamo timo acta as a proiorvativo to iron and repels tho destructive white ants. It is, withal, a handsomo wood of several varieties: of colour and grain, nnd takes a good poliBh. The total dnily aupply of milk in How York city has recently nveraged 14,000 oans of 40 quarts to tho enn, 2i6 cans of condensed milk, and 314 cans of oream. Tho surplus on tho platforms has been sold at 1 dollar 40 osnt» per oun of 40 quarts, 