THE UPPER BERTH. Br T. MARION CRAWFORD, Author of "Mr. Isaacs," "Dr. Ciauius, "Zoroaster," &c;, &c.; Concluded. As we were finishing our work Robert came to the door and looked in. "Well, sir—find anything, sir?" he asked, with a ghastly grin. "You were right about the porthole, Robert," I said, and I gave him the promised sovereign. The carpenter did his work silently! and skilfully, followingmy directions. When he had done he spoke. "I'm a plain man, sir," he said. "But it's my belief you had better just turn out your things and let 'em run half a dozen four-inch screws through°the[door of this cabin. There's no good never come o' this cabin yet, sir, and that's all about it. There's been four lives lost out o' here to my own remembrance, and that in four trips. Better give it up, sir—better give it up!" " I will try it for one night more," I said. "Better give it up, sir—better give it up! It's a precious, bad job," repeated the work man, putting his tools in his bag and leaving the. cabin. But my spirits bad risen considerably at the prospect of having the captain's company, and I made up my mind not to be prevented from going to the end of the strange business. I abstained from Welsh rare-bits and grog that evening, and did not even join in the cus tomary game of whist. I wanted to be quite sure of my nerves, and my vanity made me anxious to make a good figure in the captain's eyes. The captain was one of those splendidly tough and cheerful specimens of seafaring humanity whose combined courage, hardihood, and calmness in difficulty leads ttiem naturally into high positions of trust. He was not the man to be led away by an idle tale, and the mere fact that he was willing to join 1119 in the investigation was proof that he thought there was something seriously wrong, wh:ch could not _ be accounted for on ordi nary theories, nor laughed down as a common superstition. To some extent, too, his reputation was at stake, as well as_ the reputation of the ship. It is no light thiDg to lose passengers overboard and he knew it. About 10 o'clock that evening, as I was smoking a last cigar, he came up to me and drew me aside from the beat of the other pas sengers who were patrolling the deck in the warm darkness. "This is a serious matter, Mr. Brisbane," he said. " We must make up our minds either way—to be disappointed or to have a pretty rough time of it. You see I cannot afford to laugh at the affair, aud I will a3k you to sign your name to a statement of whatever occurs. If nothing happens to-night we will try it again to-morrow and next day. Are you ready ?" So we went below aud entered the state room. As we went in I could see Robert the steward, who stood a little further down the passage, watching us, with his usual grin, as though certain that something dreadful was about to happen. The captain closed the door behind us and bolted it. " Supposing we put your portmanteau before the door," he suggested. " One of us can sit on it. Nothing can get out then. Is the port screwed down?" I found it as I had left it in the morning. Indeed, without using a lever, as I had done, no one could have opened it. I drew back the curtains of the upper berth so that I could see well into it. By the captain 3 ad vies I lighted my reading lantern and placed it so that it Ehone upon the white sheets above. He in sisted upon sitting on.the portmanteau, declar ing that he wished to be able to swear that he had sat before the door. Then he requested me to search the state room thoroughly, an operation very goon accomplished, as it consisted merely in looking beneath the lower berth and under the couch below the porthole. The spac3s were quite empf.y._ "It is impossible for any human being to get in," I said, "or for any human being to open the port." "Very good," said the captain, calmly. "If we. see anything now it must be either imagination or something supernatural." I sat down on the edge of the lower berth. "The first time it happened," said the captain, crossing his legs and leaning back against the door, " was in March. The pas senger who slept here, in the upper berth, turned out to have been a lunatic—at all events, he was known to have been a little touched, and he had taken his passage without the knowledge of his friends. He iushed out in the middle of the night, and threw himself overboard, before the officer who had the watch could stop him. We stopped and lowered a boat. It was a quiet night, jnst before that heavy weather came on; but we could not find him, Of course his suicide was afterwards accounted for on the ground of his insanity." "I suppose that often happens?" I remarked rather absently. "Not often—no," said the captain ; "never before in my experience, though I have heard of it happening on board of other ships. Well, as I was saying, that occurred in March. On the very next trip what aro you looking at ?" he asked, stopping suddenly in his narra tion. I believe I gave no answer. My eyes were riveted upon the poi thole. It seemed to me that the brass loop-nut was beginning to turn veiy slowly upon tbe screw—30 slowly, how ever, that was not sure it moved at all. I watched it intently, fixing its position in my mind, and trying to ascertain whether it changed. Seeing where I was looking, the captain looked too. "It moves!" he exclaimed, in a tone of conviction. "K0, it does not," he added after a minute. "If it were the jar ring of the screw," said I, " it would have opened during the day, but I found it this evening jammed tight as I left it this morning." "I rose and tried the nut. It was certainly loosened, for by ail effort I could move it with my hands. "The queer thing," said the captain, that the second man who was Io>t is supposed to have got through that very port. We had a terrible time over it. It was in the middle of the night, and the weather was very heavy; there was an alarm that one of the ports was open and the sea -unning in. I eime below and found everything tioocled, the water pour ing in every time she rolled, and the whole port swinging from the top bolts—not the mrthole in the middle. Well, we managed to~shut it, but the water did some damage. Ever since that the place smells of sea-water from time to time. We supposed the passenger had thrown himself out, though, the Lord only knows how he did it. The steward kept telling me that he cannot keep anything shut here. Upon my word—I can sintll it now, cannot yen ?" ha en quired, sniffing the air suspiciously. "Yes—distinctly," I said, and I shuddered as that same odor of stagnant sea- water gre w stronger in the cabin. "Now. to smell like this, the place must be damp," C continued, "andyetwhenl examined it with the carpenter this morning everything was perfectly dry. It is most extraordinary—hallo !" My reading lantern, which had been placed in tbe upper beith, was suddenly extinguished. There was still a good deal of light from the pane of ground glas3 near the door, behind which loomed the regulation lamp. The ship lolled heavily, and the curtain of the uoper berth swung far out into the stateroom and back again. I rose quickly from my seat on the edge of the bed, and the captain at the same moment started to his feet with a loud cry of surprise. I had turned with the intentmn of talcing down the lantern to examine it, when I heaid his exclamation, and immediately after wards his call for help. I sprang towards him. He was wrestling with all his might with the brass loop of the port. It seemed to turn against his hands in spite of aT his efforts. I caught up my caue, a heavy oak stick I always used to carry, and thrust it through the ring and bore cn it with all my strength. But the strong wood snapped suddenly, and I fell upon the couch. When I rose again the port was wide open, and the csptain was standing with his back against the door, pale to the lip3. "There is something in that berth!" he cried, in a strange voice, his eyes almost start ing from his head. "Hold the door while I look—it shall not escape us, whatever it is!" But instead of takiDg his place, I sprang upon the lower bed, and seized something which lay in the upper berth. It was something ghostly, horrible beyond words, andit moved in my grip. It was like the body of a man long drowned, and yet it moved and had the strength of 10 men living; but I gripped it with all my might—the slippery, oozy, horrible thing—the dead white eyes eeemed to stare at me out of the dusk ; the putrid odor of rank sea - water was about it, and its shiny hair huDg in foul wet curls ov« r its dead face. I wrestled with the dead thing; it thiust itself upon me and forced me back and nearly broke my arms ; it wound its corpse's arms about my neck; the living death, and overpowered me, so that I, at least, cried aloud and fell, and left my hold. As I fell the thing sprang across me, and seemed to throw itself upon the captain. When I last 6aw him on his feet bis face was white aDd his liys set. It seemed to me that he stiuck a violent blow at the dead being, and then be, too, fell forward upon his face, with an inarticulate cry of horror, ! The thing paused an instant, seeming to hover over his prostrate body, and I could have screamed agaiu for very fright, but I had no voice, left.. The . thing vanished suddenly, and it seeded to my." disturbed senses that it made its exit, linough tic- cpen pwt, thcugh how that' was -pi-sfi>l», considering 1:1a smalluess of the aperture, is more than any one can tell. I lay a long time upon the floor, and the captain lay beside me. At last I partially recovered my senses and moved, and instantly I knew that my arm was broken—the small bone of the left forearm ii9ar the wrist. I got upon my feet somehow, and with my remaining hand I tried to raise the captain. He groaned and moved, and at last came to himself. He was not hurt, bat he seemed badly stunned. Well, do you want to hear any more? There is nothing more. That is the end of my story. The carpenter carried out his scheme of running half a dozen four inch screws through the door of 105; and if ever you take a passage in the lCamt schatka, you may ask for a berth in that state room. You will be- told that it is engaged— yes—it is eugaged by that dead thing. I finished the trip in the surgeon's cabin. He doctored my broken'arm, and advised me not to "fiddle about with ghosts and things" any more. The captain was very silent, and never sailed again in that ship, though it is still running. And I will not sail in her either. It was a very disagreeable experience, and I wa3 very badly frightened, which is a thing I do not like. That is all. That is how I saw a ghost—if it was a ghost. It was dead, any how, Brisbane is a brave man, as everybody knows, and he is truthful into the bar gain. There was a dead silence when he finished telling his story and relighted the stump of his cigar. There was nobody present who would have ventured to question his veracity, and there was certainly no one in genious enough to invent an explanation of his experience. I have tried to write it down as he told it to us, and I venture no com ment upon the strange tale. It is the only ghost story I ever heard Brisbane tell, and I can vouch for the fact that when he told it we all felt a very unpleasant sensation, com monly called " crespiness," and moreover, most of the men then present have since con fessed that when they next crossed the water they avoided the Kamtschatka, and some even agreed with old friends to share the same state room. As Brisbane awkwardly expressed it, "it's very singular, that thing about ghosts." 