Sunshine and Shadow. A TALE OF THE EARLY DAYS. " Br PERCY CHABLES THORPE. It was night time, and a silence as of death reignzed over the weird Australian bush. The moon shone brightly, disclosing here the gnarled trunks of the aged gum-trees, and there the forms of the tiny saplings just springing forth into life. Here again the moonbeams rested upon huge granite boul ders piled one upon another in promiscuous grandeur, and there again they kissed the whispering leaves. Scarcely a sound broke in upon the quietn-ss of the night, save that, now and again, with solemn regularity and distinctness, the curlew raised its plain tire note. The myriad voices of the mystical forest were almost all hushed in the oblivion of sleep. On a small cleared space, strongly girt I about and guarded by huge eucalyptus trees, -A company of blacks were assembled in council. Their dusky forms were easily dis-. cernible by the bright moonlight; but they had chosen their council-ground in the al most impenetrable fastnesses of the bush, and well knew that they were safe from molestation of any kind. In their midst c stood their leader, a man of powerful frame b but small stature. He was engag.d in l' haranguing his followers, and every now and again, as if by way of emphasis, would t flourish his spear high in the air. At last tl his speech was ended, and with a final h flourish of his weapon. amid grunts of ap. e proval from his men. he left the spot, fol- " lowed shortly aft rwards by the dusky h warriors a Scarcely were they out of sight before the ° figure of a white man emerged from the i dense undergrowth of scrub. Muttering to himself, he surveyed the council ground, and g then disappeared as suddenly as the blacks 9 had done. e, Dark clouds now-began to career across di the face of the sky, and the livid lightning t( ever and anon lit up the heavens. The than- Ic dering artillery boomed forth across the el gathering mass of darkness, and great drops f of rain began to sprinkle the parched 1 ground. a The transformation of the scene from iE quietness to uproar, from seeming harmles- it ness to apparent might, was sudden as it d wan awful. The fierce thunderstorm in all its fury swept through the Australian bush. Twelve o'clock struck in lod clear tones tr from the large clock in the hall of the fr Glenlyon homestead. Everything was quiet ii within the house. The storm had almost ar spent its fury; but a dark pall was cast li over the sky, and the low wailing of the wind as it crept around the building sounded an sad and mournful fn But could the eye of man pierce the sur. pa rounding gloom, those same dusky forms might he seen moving cautiously and an s'ealthily about, now skirting the black edge sig of the bush, aud then disappearing suddenly thi amidst its dim receaese. gu( In this manner they swiftly approached the quiet homestead, whose inhabitants slept ag] peacefully on, totally unconscious of the fact coI that npon hands and knees, like the wild thi kangaroos of the surrounding bush, that is hotel on:i oth° " ahyi..e 'e.... i-Fc! iercef t now pie roundingthe hou e se. bein echoes of Thelck n thee bathos chimed the haltci as , he aclok n geven and that black l if an of lnoa moved from its ambush ee ol etnris, ehearsed at many awild th 'iecet to hld in tht e deepest and e d ,marrioese leaer of the bush, now pierced tste ean :ho hut a short time previously its-dely wok' the slumbering echoes of o riousoon thoe cries of antippeared di i e 'acant were dcrowned in shouts of wa pain aump Ti The a had been anticipated, and a Is band of toe men emerging from one of wl the otbilngs bard by soon routed and th t to t ig the disappointed and eraged o h na '\ieaors. The leaderof that bandwas the hi blkme man -ho but a short time previously os rjsblriously and suddenly appeared m as cnaned incoancl-ground of the wr t w His na k s Jac Thornton. A few yearst te p lae y hf had left the shores nan old England t,,-,k his fortune in t--tinny outh. accompanied by an old fori-dFred t den a departure. Bon ut it was easily se bent. I Bthat Ja te was nt s o vuey gioen up his fl poitra as sub-overseer to Glenylonr ithout tl notice of any kind, and returned to his na- do tire land. The only mess ae left by him a was contained in a note which he wrote to h Jack Thornton, informing him that he had iR left the place for good to return to England, di but assigning no reason whatever for so sud den a departure. But it was easily seen w that Jack was not so very sorry at this fil strange freak of his friend's, for it left the 9 fie'd open to him to carry on his wooing of a] pretty Kate, the daughter of Donald Mac- w Pherson, the owner of Glenlyon. It was well known among the sparse h population of that district that Fred Ray- " mond ad fid h is bs hopes upon r the same young lady, nod it wasn genrtel, her nocw. ledgoe that his attachment semed to Iu ruent ciprocared. Iencehis sadden diaso thatsr. r lt was rendered the more strange and dnnc contable. :For i any months Kate MacPaerson. had C mourned his-absence more deeply han she ol caredtoshow; but, neverthelss, her occa- tl sional silence and moodiness were frequently U remarked. It was clear also that s -ie lt b most keenly .his oission to sed' her any h y mtessagen, ateer. Bue t as the ettks and monthsrolled by she made an effort to throw n off this depreasion, and appeared brighter a and more cheerful, and in short more liken herformerself. t Warmly was Jack Thornton shaken by t the band, after the repulse of the attack and the last black form had bounded from the spot, by thebrave and hardy MacPherson s and the other inmates of the house. Oon- 1 gratulations and blessings upon him as their deliverer were uttered by the women. folk present. But the fervent pressure of his hand by Kate MacPherson was to him the sweetest thing of all, for it conveyed the hope that at some future day, perhaps not so very far distant, he might be able to claim her as his bride. And that happy day did come, too. For a long time Jack Thornton had wooed, and i now he won the fairest and sweetest rose in that wild mountain region in the person of bonny Kate MacPhereon. They were married when the wattle trees were putting forth their golden blossoms, and the air was laden with their sweet per fume. Kate knew well her father's wishes in the matter; his great desire was that she * should be the wife of their deliverer. The passing years bad brought no news whatever of Fred Raymond, and he was almost for. gotten, save by one, in a deep corner of whose heart fond memories of that name would ever rest. Several years of married happiness passed by and brought with them a little Johnnie and Katie to ch,.er the home with their merry laughter and the music of their pat tering feet. Those were happy days to all. But a cloud, at first no bigger than a man'B hand, appeared on the domestic horizon, and, gradually growing larger and larger, at length cast a mighty cloud over the little home. Jack Thornton's character seemed to change marvellously. The once happy and lively man, so vivacious and full of animal th spirits, now grew pensive and sad. His wife te noticed with sorrow the frequent state of ie moodiness into which he fell, and all her Id questioning could draw from him no other st reply than, that "it was nothing; he was ,e only thinking." But what those thoughts 1\. were that so depressed him she could never i discover. For her sake he then strove to oe assume a more cheerful demeanor, and it e was only when alone that the same troubled t, look would cros his face and his brow be came clouded. But patient and loving Kate .knew that there was buried in his heart Ll some unwelcome secret which thus disturbed Shis peace. He was a kind and loving hus band and father, and but for this one trial t those days would have indeed been happy ones. n For a time the old cheerfulness of the home seemed to return again, but, alas 1 only for a time, and that a abort one. The fierce thunderclap that burst over the little home was sudden as it was awful. One morning Jack went for:h to his ac t customed duties on the station in the full blush of health, and in the evening his life. Sless body was carried back. Whilst gather ing in the cattle for the night his horse had tripped and fallen, and, good horseman though he was, had thrown him violently Shead foremost upon the rough and jagged edge of a weather-beaten stump. Death was instantaneous. No warning voice told him of the awful change that was so soin and suddenly to take place. In one brief moment the strong and agile man was held in the cold embrace of Death. Wild and passionate was Kate Thornton's grief, and though seveial months passed quickly away her sorrow was as intense as ever. But the necessity of investigating her deceased husband's affairs was at length forced upon her. She put off the search as long as possible, but at length made the effort and unlocked his private drawer. The first thing which met her eyes was an enve. lope addressed to her, containing a key with a short memorandum attached to it, direct ing her to unlock with it a secret drawer let into the bottom of a larger one. This she did, and with trembling hands lifted out a paper addressed to her in the well-known handwriting. Without a movement of her pale face she read the strange and ghastly confession through. Not once did she raise her eyes from the manuscript that so fascinated and livetted their attention. On and on, slowly and deliberately, she read in the dim twi light : ' Before the evening lamps were lighted, and like phantoms grim and tall, shadows from the fitful firelight danced upon the parlor walL" But when the last word had been scann d, and she saw once again that well-known signature, "Jnn. Thornton," at the foot of the document she fell senseless upon the ground. " My dearest wife," it ran, "surprised and aghast as you will be when you read this confession, I have only one favor to ask, and that is, remember that he who sinned thus is dead and gone. S"The awful secret which has remained I-''- ' ' _ Z_' ^_t""-which buried in tme eplns otmy i ,.a J. B has cast so great a gloom over my married life, is now to be revealed to you. " Often and often have you enquired of me the reason for that constant gloominess and depression which hung over me like a clond. But I was not going to render your married life as miserable as mine, and so resolved to disclose the secret only by the means of this manuscript, to be opened after my death. The confes'ion has tobe made sooner or later. Is it not better that you should know the whole of the dreadful truth from me, than that you should first learn of it in the great Hereafter, when you pass away in the vain hope of meeting me again 1 " Adark blot is on my soul, which shall re main there through all eternity. I have wrecked my hope of Heaven and am lost. Loatht me as I deserve, upbraid me if.you will, tat at any rate pity me in my lost con i;tlon. S"I am a murdererl amurderer Yes the very hands that write these fearful words, and have so often stroked your glossy hair, are red with the blood of a fellow man, and that man is Fred Raymond I The life of my dearest friend was taken away by my own Saccursed hand. Would that I could have held it out in the burning flames, as Cranmer did of old, before it wrought the fearful deed. "I was jealous of him, for I feared that he would win you from me. And as the time flew by my fears increased and my jealousy grew space. I could see your eye bri.hten, Sand a deep blush overspread your cheek, whenever he approached; but, strive as hard as I possibly could to ingratiate myself into your'favor, those precious signs of love were very seldom vouchsafedto' me. "At.last it was easily seen, by even the most disinterested, that an engagemrnt be tween Fred Raymond and yourself could not be very far distant. At such a thought the flame of jealousy grew fiercer and yet fiercer w in my soul. An ungovernable and dempnia. A Scal fury took pestse'ion of me, and goaded me h on tothe performance of desperate dieds. I f thought no mas could love.as I lored,.for.an o I nqueý hable ision .ragpd Withim :.'my J t brer. At alt-? d? I d etermined to win Syaforiioe. h I "Onedsummer' evening-ah I how well I 0 remezmler: it, ftr it wa the birthday of my ' r afufa1fii-- met Fred Raymond, by appoint- b Sment, i a dim reess of the bush. I had told d Lim. that I wished to speak a few woids.pri -ately onr a most important subject. He a came ; butlittle did he think of the fiendish I Sdesign concealed.within my breast. .I con- t fessed my love for you, and pleaded my pas sion in a voice trembling with emotion, L t could see tltt he was moved; but was not his love as deep and strong as mine, and why L should he give it up for my sake I was mad, Sand never gave a thought to that; selfishly ae dd blindly thinking only of myself. ie "I pleaded on and on, but in vain; and. ot inw I could hear thedemon Hatred'sfiendish to laughter in my ear. Like a swollen mountain trrent the streams of love rolled and dashed tempestuously through my soul. Louder and Smore satanic grew that awful mirth, broader n and deeper grew that roaring flood until of my brain was on fire, and my soul filled with wrath. "The culminating point was reached. I Sgrasped my pistol, pointed it at him, and, A5, with a hand trembling with suppressed anger, !r- pulled the trigger. He fell heavily upon the 2es dead gum leaves which strewed the ground. he The deed was done. The unpitying moon he gazed coldly on the slain. I fled hastily from ver the spot, while the mopoke's melancholy or. cry echoed in my ears. The gnarled and of ghost-like arms of the huge gum trees were Me stretched out as if to stay me in my flight. I wasmad I mad I mad I sed " Let me draw this tale of horror to a close. nie It is said that the criminal is attached, by a seir strange yet strong fascination, to the scenes sat- of his misdeeds. So it was with me. But all. Nature placed her barriers in the way. That an's same night the reservoirs of heaven were md, opened, and the rain deseended in torrents, at causing ona of the met disastrous lood in the history of the colony, to overspread the land. When,again, some weeks after I sought the spot the body was gone. But I was cool enough now, and reasoned calmly. To me it was like the sudden hush which prevails after athunderstorm has rent the heavens. I wrote a fictitious letter purporting to be from Fred Raymond, and although his alleged de parture was so sudden, the veracity of the note was never challenged. "The rest is known to you. Why should I dwell longer on the dreadful theme? I won my prize, but at what cost? Ah I thou sands of times have I repented the misery thus brought on you by nie, and the deepest agony has racked, and will always: rack my soul throughout the whole of my married life. My soul has, indeed, put on sackcloth and ashes. "May the All-Merciful and Gracious God protect you and your little ones from every danger." One month passed quickly away, and Kate Thornton sat again in that same room. The space intervening between the finding of the manuscript and the present time had been one of great mental anguish to her. She had been much prostrated by the great and sud. den shock. Troublesome and perplexing thoughts passed l through her brain. Resolves, necessary though disagreeable, had to be made. The confession must be put into the hands of the police. Justice and truth demanded that the whole ghastly secret should be revealed. But oh I the agony, theburning shame, of confes sing herself as the wife of the murderer. But she cared not so much for herself as for her children. And thus she pondered the matter over, until wearied and dejected she sank into a troubled sleep. But hark i What sounds are those arising I from that small collection of shanties yonder, which forms the nucleus of arising town. Shouts of mirth and rejoicing proceed from v rough bushmen. Three lusty cheers are given, t and a small procession of these sons of toil t move over the dark-strewed ground, carrying t a man aloft in their midst. It was none ' other than Fred Raymond, whose supposed n tragic end has been recorded. a :. * - ;AN EVEN THING. . * S HE (slit, but stylish)-" Oh! John, that horrid tobacco again. You should think more of - the serious aspects of life, and of your future. How would an angel, for instance, seem, appearing . with a pipe in its poth." ." HE-"Ailaiot as ridiculousas it wouldilook in an improver and high.heeled boots." ` " i ..The rest is soon told. le had only been wounded in the arm from the pistolshot. 1 And the great nobleness and unselfishness of his iaraecteri shone f,rth when hb'oon. i fissod that he had left the spot and gonegto other. landirpthr than: that his old friend 2 Jaslk Thtintoni should bear the mortificatlon of having the memory of his sin ever before him. He made this great sacrifice, feeling certain that the future happiness of late would be assured in Jack's hands, for it was but in a momentary fit of passion that the deed had been committed. He had written a letter to Jack exp'aining all, but this, of course, through smec inex plicable reason,bad never reached its destina. tion. Having seen the announcement of his death in a Home paper, he had hastily re turned to sunny Victoria to see if the sorrow of Kate and himself might not be merged in the joy of their marriage. And so it was des tined to be. And now the sun of domestic peace and happiness shone brightly into that .little cottage-home amongst the mountain ranges of northern Victoria. And although each life had its shadow, it had its sunshine too. 