OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. JUNE 14. — Another dreary parliamentary week enlivened by only one little incident of note. The eagle-eye of the Speaker discerned the bon. mem- bers for Ararat and Stawell perusing newspapers whilst a prosy rural representative was con- tending for justice to his district, or in other words for more Government money to be spent among his constituents. To compel a man to listen to drivel of this sort seems little short of downright cruelty, but that is what a standing order of the Legislative Assembly contemplates and what is enforced when the Speaker is that way inclined. It is of course a ridiculous standing order, because if a member is saying anything worth paying attention to, he will have respectful listeners ; and if he is talking just for the sake of talking (a very common practice in these latitudes) why, hon. members cannot employ their time more profitably than in reading their newspapers until such time as the honorable windbag is exhausted. To say that members are at liberty to talk in loud tones amongst them- selves and to drown the speaker's voice, whilst they are not at liberty to open a newspaper and read it in silence, is something of a decidedly anomalous character. Yet this is the paradoxical state of affairs that prevails in our legislative. When the Speaker sent the Sergent-at-Arms round to Mr. Woods, the member for Stawell, with a peremptory com- maud to cease reading the news of the day, the order was at once obeyed, the offender only venturing to remark sarcastically that he was glad some work had been found at last for the Sergeant-at-Arms as an equivalent to a salary of £600 per annum. But the other offender, Mr. M'Lellan, the member for Ararat, his hot Highland blood coursing through his veins, so far from meekly submitting to the insult, he lifted up his voice in anger and indignation. He entered on a wordy conflict with the Speaker, and a scene was providentially averted by the opportune arrival of the refreshment hour. In order to assert the right to free reading as well as free speech in this free country of ours, this beetle- browed Highlander vows he will smash the Sergeant -at-Arms if ever that ornamental official approaches him again with such an in- sulting message from the Speaker. With a view to averting bloodshed on tho floor of the house, the obnoxious standing-order should be repealed without delay. In the somewhat sudden death of Archbishop Goold a long-conspicuous ecclesiastical land- mark disappears. He has been the chief ruler of the Roman Catholic Church in this colony for close on 40 years, and, though he rarely ap- peared on a public platform, he took care to make his views on the questions of the dary widely known through the medium of periodical pastoral letters. In conjunction with the late Sir John O'Shanassy, he was for a time the maker and the unmaker of Ministries through the dexterous manipulation of the solid Catho- lic vote in the constituencies, but this policy naturally provoked the resentment of other denominations, led to a general anti- Catholic combination, and finally resulted in the downfall of Sir John O'Shanassy, who brought a number of other prominent Cnthoiic politi- cians to the ground with him. Altogether, the late archbishop, viewed as a politician, was not a success. He no doubt fought the Victorian Education Act openly and courageously, but he was wanting in that delicate and studied stra- tegy which Archbishop Vaughan was wont to employ in the course of the educational war in your country. Dr. Goold's best work was done in the early years of his episcopate, when he proved himself to be a very capable pioneer bishop, travelling the colony from end to end, selecting sites for future churches and schools, officiating in the most out-of-the-way places, and laying a solid foundation for the stability and the prosperity of his church in the time to come. Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, has been giv- ing a mixture of nonsense and sound sense to the annual meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association. The nonsense consisted of cracking up the courage of Young Austral- ians, asserting on "high military authority" that the Australian contingent to the Soudan would compare favorably with the veterans of Europe, and declaring his firm belief that a young Australian army would make short work of any European invaders venturing on these shores. Silly utterances of this sort have been very frequent ever since Mr. Daliey conceived that Napoleonic project of his, and the sooner they are dropped the better. Nobody believes them— neither the speaker nor the audience— but they are applauded as a matter of course because they appeal to the pride and vanity of the hearers. Least of all should they be heard coming from the lips of a right rev. gentleman like Dr. Thornton. But the Bishop came down from the clouds and landed on sure ground when he told the 4000 godly people in the Town-Hall that " religious life lies perilously near some of the most terrible temptations of life." There is a volume of condensed wisdom in that pithy saving. Its full meaning is not apparent at first sight, and many people in the Town-Hall looked at each other and wondered what the Bishop meant. Bishops in various parts of the world are now realising the pitfalls with which the path of piety is bestrewn, more especially in these latter days when the young women of the average congregation are expected to appear in short dresses at periodical intervals and to entice the Christian young men of the neighborhood to exhibition buildings and town halls in order to raise money for church purposes. It is about time that someone in authority made a protest against the scandalous length to which this sort of thing is being carried. Whilst the "religious fancy fair" is being held, young women are encouraged to throw themselves at all the young men in the place in the place in order to empty their pockets for the good of the church, but the moment the fair is over, the pious promoters, with a lamentable lack of knowledge of human nature, expect that these same young women will treat as utter strangers the young men with whom they were so free and forward at the "religious bazaar." Experienced officers of the police would give the enterprising clergy of all denominations some really useful information as to what frequently results from religious bazaar. The Melbourne Review died quietly of inani- tion ; the Victorian Review ascended into empy- rern amidst a blaze of insolvency court fire- works : and now Once A Month announces that it must give up the ghost unless some wealthy patron or patrons of colonial literature come to the rescure with guarantees of £100 each, a very improbable contingency indeed. And yet thev conld not spend a £100 note to better ad- vantage, for Once A Month is beyond all question the ablest periodical that Victoria has yet produced. Its typography was excellent : its literary matter entertaining : and its engravings really admirable. For style and finish they have not been equalled or excelled by any of the home magazines. It is a great pity that so good a periodical should be allowed to drop for want of proper support. And yet the vacancy will soon be filled. Undeterred by a host of failures, Messr. Sand and M'Dougall advertise their intention to issue the Australian Magazine shortly. A number of sickly infants have occupied the field of Victorian magazine literature from time to time, but the youngster who will battle with the ills of infancy and overcome them and grow up into man's estate has yet to be born. In the nature of amusements Mrs. Dugdale has been exhibiting herself in the divided skirt to the admiring eyes of the disciples of Mr. Joseph Symes in the Secular-Hall. Whilst wearing the feminine trousers, this leader of the advanced females of Melbourne took occasion to denounce kissing and smoking as two current vices that ought to be put down with the utmost rigor of the law. This little straw will show how the legislative wind would blow in a parliament of elderly and unprepossessing women's-righters. If the Fisk Jubilee Singers have not yet vis- ited Sydney, a genuine treat is in store tor you. They have been appearing before crowned audiences all the week, and well do they deserve the patronage that has been accorded to them They are a company of bright, intelligent negroes and negresses, and they sing the slave songs of the south with a wondrous beauty, an intense earnestness, and a most pathetic sympathy. 