THE NOVELIST. IN THE YEAR '13. This is aa interesting tale of the state of affairs in the rural districts of Mecklenburg iti 1813, when the Germans began to rise against the French. It was originally written in Low German, by Fritz Renter ; translated by C. S. Lewes, and included in the Tanchnitz series. CHAPTER VT. (Continued.) The sight which met Mamsell Westphalen's eyes when she went into her too n ; and the reason why she let Corlin slap her twice on the hock. How Fritz Snhl- manu smashed the Herr Amtshauptmann's pipes, and the French Colonel nearly drew his sword. The Colonel became more violent, and Raid : " In short, the whole story is in credible." "Indeed!" exclaimed the Atntshaupfc- mann, and from under his grey eyebrows there shot a look full of scorn and anger, like a flash of light darting from out of a cloud over a peaceful landscape. " You think it is incredible ?" — And he half turned his back upon the Colonel. — " Why mayn't a Frenchman wear the French uniform for his pleasure when so many Germans wear it for theirs ?" he added, looking over his shoulder at Colonel von Toll. Th© Frenchman turned red as fire, then pale as death ; he stepped back a couple of paces and clutched at his word. The ghost of a fearful deed haunted him for a moment- and guided his hand ; hut, over coming' the dark thought, he turned hastily round and went with long strides down the hall, and Hanclien, who saw it all through a chink in the door, said, ever after, that she had never in her life seen anything like it. " He was a handsome man, and had a pleasant face," she would add, "but when he came striding down the hall I don't know why, but it remind ed me of how once, when I was herding geese,- on a fine day in the middle of sum mer, suddenly there came a fierce wind, and in the twinkling of an eye, all the leaves were blown off from the beautiful oak at the back of the Convent garden and were flying about." The Colonel turned round again, went up to the Amtshauptmann, and said in a quiet cold voice, that they would discuss the point- at a future time ; but his duty required that the matter should be probed to the bottom without delay, " Why had the watchmaker slept at the Sehloss last night ?" "He did not sleep here," said the old Herr. " Yes," said the Colonel, "he did sleep here, he slept in that room," and he point ed to Ma ni sell Westphalen's room. " Impossible," cried the old Herr, rais ing his voice as if to defend Innocence before the w.hole world, "that's Mamsell Westphalen's room. She has been in my house twenty years, and do yon mean to say she would let a man be in her rooin ?" "Colin;" said Mamsell Weslphalen in the; kitchen, "give me a couple of blows in the neck, for I feel as if I were going to faint ; and my bead swims round." The Colonel threw open the door, and there stood the watchmaker before them. Tlife adjutant had just been examing him, and he had told the adjutant everything — except the truth. The old Amtshauptmann was quite aghast when he saw the watchmaker he- before him. " This is inexplicable !" he cried. The Colonel laughed scornfully, and said he hoped it would not long remain inex plicable ; then he whispered a few words to the adjutant and ask for the keys of the state prison. " I cannot give them out for the prisoner," said the Amtshauptmann, " for he has no right to the state prison ; he is a citizen and must go to the town gaol." "So much the better," replied the Colonel, "for there will be less oppor tunity there for connivance." So Herr Droi was marched off between a couple of soldiers — for gradually the courtyard had got filled with French — and was transported to the Rathhans. The Colonel also went : hut, when he reached the door, he turned round and said that, strictly according to duty, he ought to have the Herr Amtshauptmann arrested, but because the Herr was an old man, and more especially because of the hard words he had used, he should be left in peace. The Colonel would keep him self clear f.iom the slightest suspicion of having wished to revenge himself for those bitter words; hut if the presence of the Amtshauptmann or Mamsell West phalen were necessary at the examination, they must come before him. The old Kerr coldly acquiesced, and the Colonel went, but ordered a couple of gensdarmes oft" to the Gielow Mill, and looked sharply at the Amtshauptmann as he gave the order. When they were gone, the old Herr went towards the kitchen, and Hanchen started back from her chink in the door, for she thought her master was coming in. But all at once he stood still, turned round and said to himself: "What did the fellow say about ' connivance' and 'keeping himself clear of any appearance of revenge.' What a French Colonel can only talk about, the Amtshauptmann Weber can surely do. I too will keep my name clear. There shall be no appearance of connivance on my part." And he went into his -room. CHAPTER YIT. .My trade Herse, what he was and what he did j and why Fritz Sahlmann had to whistle. When the watchmaker was led off to prison, Fritz Salilmann must of necessity gO:too, merely to see what would happen to" the prisoner, and whether he would escape ; but-, in this last he was disap pointed. The procession moved but slowly down to the Rathliaus, for they liad to wind their way through all the carts and waggons which had been ordered up Irom the town and neighbouring village® for the transport of tho baggage and cannon, and were now collected in' the courtyard and along the road leading to the Sehloss. They were surrounded bv French soldiers, that they might not escape, for our peasants bad got wonder fully clever at that. The watchmaker marched along with his two guards, through the crowd, as quiet and patient as a lamb ; for though at first he had been dreadfully frightened, and though the affair of last night looked decidedly awk ward, yet during the interview with the adjutant, he had fallen into a state of apathy, in which he had seem to say — " Talk away as long as you like ; you mnv po on talking all dav for what I care," and hi3 answers had been few and far between. And, though he was not one of those wild spirits that fly at once at everything, he had been too long in the world, "and had been in too many scrapes before, to lose heart immediately now. He made up his mind for whatever might come. " What's to be the end of this I wonder ?" he thought, as h« was pushed in at the Rathhans door. "Fritz Salilmann," said Rathslierr Herse, as the boy was about to return to the Sehloss, " what's the meaning of this?" Fritz now related with immense im portance all that had taken place yester day ; how Droz had slept in Mamsell Wesphalen's room and turned everything upside down ; and how he himself had smashed the Herr Amtshauptmann's pipes — he couldn't help it, though — it was Hanchen's fault ; — and how the Colonel had been going to run the Herr Amts hauptmann through the body with his sword ; and how Mamsell Westphalen was sitting in the kitchen, like a picture of woe. But he said nothing about the lump of ice. Now, my uncle, the Rathsherr Herse, was an ardent patriot, but he kept it a profound secret. And he had his reasons. For, as he whispered to me many years afterwards when Buonaparte had long been dead, he belonged at this time to the secret society of the " Tugendbund." And I can believe it, for when he was in com pany he was always playing with a long watch-chain made of light-coloured hair — and Aunt Herse's was black— and he wore a large dangerous-looking iron ring on his finger, with which he once struck Ilopner the locksmith's apprentice nearly dead, when he was behaving rudely in court. " Fritz," he said to me later on, " This is light hair in that of an heroic vigin who had her head shaven for the Fatherland in the j ear thirteen, and the iron ring cost me my gold one. But don't talk of it ; I don't like it spoken about." He was rightly therefore much given to secrets about the time of this story. And it is possible, too, that his habit of looking at life from a commanding point of view and seizing everything as a whole without regard to details had something to do wit-h his secret brotherhood, for while my Father had to plague himself day and night with the smallest squabbles and quarrels, in order that the government of the little town might not lose what small amount of life it had, Rathsherr Herse commanded Kutnsoff to march to the right and Czernitcheff to the left, and praised York, and blamed Bulow because be didn't understand his business, for he ought not to have gone to Berlin, he ought to havo marched to the right of Stem- hagen and fallen on Buonaparte's flank.— In short Uncle Herse was just the man to make a thunderstorm out of a snnshower. In every innocent French corporal he saw the Corsican monster, and if Luth, the Town Messenger happened to get a blow in a peasants' row on Blue Monday, he made as much fuss as if the Duke of Mecklenburg himself had been struck. " Hold your tongue, boy," he whispered impressively. " Do you want to scream out you sentence of death in the public market-place ! I wouldn't give a groschen for the watchmaker's chance of life, for it is certain that the Miller and his Friedricli have murdered the French Chafsenr." "Not the Miller," inteirupted Fritz, " the Miller was made up of brandy and good-nature yesterday." " Well, then, his Fried rich has. He's a Prussian. Do you know what Prussian is? Do you know what the meaning of Prussian is? Do you know ? Blockhead 1 What are you staring at me for ? Do you think I'm going to tell you all my secrets ? But what I was going to say is — they'l send the old Amtshaupt mann to Bavonne in France, where they also sent Graf Ivenacker's white horse, Herodotus ; and Mamsell Westphalen — as far as I know the French laws — will simply be strung up, and you, my lad, will get a good flogging for coming down here." Fritz Salilmann now saw a sad prospect before him, and made a wry face accord ingly.— " But, Herr Rathsherr, not in a public place ?" be asked. " Wherever tbev can catch you. Though, if the matter is taken up in the proper quarters, everything may still be made right. — Can you be silent?" Fritz Salilmann replied that he could be most, modestly silent. " Well, then, come here, and put both your hands in your trousers' pockets, and whistle. That's it. And now look quite unconcerned as you do in summer time when you are knocking down the apples from the tree in the Schlossgarden, and you see Mamell Westphalen coming. Yes I that's right. And now, observe every | word that I say ; go with this face and j with this look of child-like innocence j through the French and peasants up to the Sehloss into the kitchen, and take Mamsell Westphalen aside into a corner and then say to her just these words — j ' help is near.' If she is not satisfied with I this yon can break to her gently what I . have told yon about banging, and. if she's at all frightened at that, say she is to keep up her heart, for I, Rathsherr Herse, have taken the matter in hand. But first of all, she must at once shut aiid bolt the kitchen-door and the back-door leading to the garden, and she and the two maids and you must each arm yourselves with weapons, and on no nrcount let any Frenchman in, and you must defend your selves to the last man till I come. I will go at once and will come through the Schlossgarden to the back-door — I'll only get my cloak first for it's raining desper ately, and my pass-word will be 'All's well' and my war cn ' York.' But- no 1 She won't understand that. Why do you say? It's all the same— it's all the same. Well, my war-cry will he ' Pickled pork.' She'll understand that. So when some one conies, and calls it out, she is to open the back-door. Have vdu understood it all V " Yes, Herr Rathsherr." "Well, then, now be off; and don't let anyone, — not even the Herr Amts hauptmann— know a word about it." Fritz went, and the Rathsherr too. My uncle Herse liad, of course, the blue Rathsherr uniform with red and gold collar .made, as soon as he had hecome Rathsherr ; and, as he was a fine, tall man he was very fond of putting it on, in order to command proper respect, when ever an opportunity presented itself, such as, fot example, when the fire-engines were to be tided, or when the cowg were first driven to pasture in the spring, or foreign troops were quartered in the town. Then, too, when my father was sitting in his grey coat at the court table writing till his fingers ached, Rathsherr Herse would march up and down in front of the table, keeping up the official pomp and dignity by the splendour of his appearance, and it pleased him mightily when a Frenchman by mistake addressed him as "Monsier le Maire." My father had nothing to say against this, for there was generally a good deal of disputing to be done, and he gave this over, with the pomp and dignity, to the Rathsherr, tak ing the real business upon himself. In this way, they had divided the work fairly between them, and what with Rathsherr Susmihl, who on days when the court was sitting performed the onerous duty of assessor, and what with the zeal of Dohmstreich the Recorder, and the exertions of Luth the Town Messenger, and the firemen who every month took out their engines to try them, and Panner Hirsch, who used to drive the boys out of the peas-fields, I should like to know where you could have found a toivn or parish in better trim than my native town of Stemhagen. And all because my uncle Herse was fond of weaving his uni form ! When my uncle Herse reached home, lie looked in his clothes-closet for his grey cloak, — for it was still pouring with ruin, — and he caught sight of his uniform. " Ah," thought he. " now. to-day will he a good opportunity for me to put it on ; and, who knows, perhaps it may be of use in this enterprise." So lie put it on, and also the fine cocked hat that we boys used afterwai'ds to make a boat of and sail on old Nahmaker's pond. At this time it was in its best days, and, as the Rathsherr stepped out at the door, he drew the cape of his cloak over it so that it should not get wet; and then he looked like aFtench General when he reconnoitres the enemy's post by night. " Well," he said, " no one will know me now." He went across the market-place, and then by a little roundabout way across the timber yard, where Farmer Nalnnaker was looking after his horses, which the French had taken out of the stable and were now driving away. ' Good morning, Herr Rathsherr," said the farmer, "what times these are 1" " Hush !" said my uncle and went on. Behind the timber-yard barns, Swerd- feger, tlie joiner, met him. " Good morning, Herr Rathsherr." "Hold your tongue!" said my uncle angrily, and went round outside the Schlossgarden. " Good morning, Herr Rathsherr," said the son of old Harioff the actor. Smack 1 The boy had a blow with the back of the hand on his mouth. " Block head ! Don't you see that I do not wish to be known ?" So saying, lie entered the Sch loss-garden and said angrily : " The devil take it ! A public position lies on one as heavy as a curse." CHAPTER Till. How my uncle Herse came with pass. word and war- cry ; and Mamsell "Westphalen refused to hide in the peat bog. How the Herr Rathsherr got into Millei's cart, and how he got out of it agin. In the nipanwliile, Fritz Salilmann had made his way to the Sehloss with his hands in his pockets, whistling, with an unconcerned face, as directed by the Rathsherr ; but, when he canio into the kitchen, he forgot his orders and made a face like Balaam's when his ass began to speak, and lie stammered into Mamsell Westphalen's ear, — " Oh ! I'm to say there's help near." "Boy! Fritz Salilmann," cried Mam sell Westphalen, " what is thi ? What, do you mean ? What do you mean I say?" Fri'z now told her what she was to do ; that she was to hold out the kitchen to the last man and let no Frenchman in, and the Rathsherr Herse would come with pass-word and war-cry and take the command. " Heavens 1 What shall I do ?" ex claimed Mamsell Westphalen, " I can't let myself be seen by the Herr Amtshaupt mann after what has passed. Well, I suppose I had best trust to the Herr Rathslierr and follow his counsel ; it must he right, for else what would be the good of his being a councillor. Hanchen and Corlin, ."you look after the hack-door, Fritz Sahlmann and I will take the front. Now, mind, and be sure you don't I miss the war-cry." 