THE CHURCH AND THE WORLD. Archdeacon Julius, M.A., the vicar preached at Christ Church Pro Cathedral on Sunday mornings 13th instant, on the above subject. The archdeacon took for his text Acts xix;, (authorised version), 2—“ We did notso much os hear, .whether the Holy.fcrhost wasgiyen.’:’ The archdeacon said these Ephe sians appeared to be., of Johns _ascetic •schodL -They, had been -baptised with the baptism, of John. _ They had been instructed in' the.-rudiments .of Ghnst, but had. not -fully received Him. In fact, ■they, were; ignorant .of that which _was how the. common property of Christendom. Of course, unavoidable ignorance, is no sin. They appeared to have been faith ful to such light as they had, and willing to receive more-light./ St. Paul saw this, aud with his. characteristic zeal he declares Christ in all His fulness to these Ephesians. They bad previously been content -to rest in and on outward things—repentance, self 'denial, and works of charity—they were now called with a higher calling, which,- embrac ing all these, brought Christ, and with Him dll the gifts of the Holy Spirit to their knowledge. Such was the story as regards the Ephesians. Had-this any counterpart in our own days’ -Yes. In the present day real energetic faith in the working of the Holy Spirit is at low ebb. . The great majority are, of course, professing Christians. Their adhesion is not of any great value, for they hold the faith as if there were nothing in it —that it was not operative in themselves, their lives and actions, ou every thought and intent of the heart.. Although, unlike the Ephesians, they had heard of a Holy Ghost, they yet do not seek His blessed influence, and quite ignore His powers and workings. There are others, in deed, open materialists, who deny any supernatural action in aud on the world, who believe that we are as the beasts that perish. Against this last, by no means a numerous, school, against materialism in all its forms, the common sense of man will ever protest/. It is with the sleepy Christianity of the day that our more immediate concern is just now. Men in too many cases act as if the Church of God -was a temporal.secular establishment, not-a supernatural institu tion which is destined to conquer the world. It is the God’s chief channel for -the com municating the Holy Ghost to men.lt is the Kingdom of Christ among men still here, and still expanding. . Individual sanctity aud social benefits are effects of the church’s action. Still, with all this, how. blind are numbers as to the future and value of their privileges; how, loth to exercise the privilege of Christian, manhood. - There are numbers who peruse the gospels containing that sweet .story of old with hearts and minds callous to the enthralling power, its sweet influence, and perfectly careless as to whether,there be any Holy-Ghost;-neglect ing, indeed, to seek; for that inspiration which can alone enable them to,read aright and to profit:by the gospel of Christ. Just as he (the archdeacon) ignorant,of the points,the beauties of.a picture, might, lobk.almost un moved at one of the glorious pieces of a great painter, while an artist, a man endowed with a critical appreciation of art,, might revel 'with delight‘in what.was to him(the arch deacon) incomprehensible, : so it would be found in religion; People would remain con tentedly ignorant of the riches hid from care less observers, but. open as the , day to those ■who, in faith, sought God’s holy spirit for the enlightenment of - : their hearts and con sciences. As respects the organisation, the outward machinery.of-the Church, if it were not so sad to contemplate, it would be almost,amusing to notice how some vestries (not, of course,; Christ. : Church vestry) would look for and . arrange for this or that agency as a means of .church revival. At one time if is a man of popular gifts, a good preacher- or a good visitor; a inau of energy, learning, or tact; societies for , this or that purpose, and other ecclesiastical machinery; sometimes; even in a higher sense, a reliance on bright church services or festivals, and so on. All these are the machinery on which tpo many are. accustomed to rely, without 'going still further to Him who can alone supply the Holy Ghost, without which gift all the complicate machinery would be useless. Tilings were done and sanctioned in the name of religion that would be counted shady 'transac tions, even by inen of the world. Men, in deed, sometimes most ignorantly spoke as if the existence of the church of God depended on them. That supernatural creation, the church of God, has triumphed before in the midst of persecution. Low as faith is really now it will again triumph, whether with or without the aid of man. Let us. all, then, seek for God’s holy spirit as a means of enabling us to share in the glories of His kingdom on earth as in Heaven. The arch deacon, who was suffering from a severe cold, concluded an excellent sermon by an earnest practical appeal to his hearers. 