AN IRISH WIT. (TEMPLE BAB.) Lord Clare was a determined enemy of Curran whilst he was at the Bar. The Lord Chancellor ruined his practice at the Chancery Court, and his clients were always sufferers. Indeed, Curran stated that tile losses in -his : >rofessional income from the animosity of jord Clare amounted to no less than £30,000. The incidents in court in consequence of this disagreement were sometimes ludricrous. On one occasion when it was known the advocate was about to make an elaborate argument in Chancery-, Lord Clare brought a Newfoundland dog upon the bench with him, Mid paid much more attention to the dog than to the barrister,''and the fact was commented on by. tiie profession. At a material point in the argumentihe Chancellor lostalldecency, and turned quite aside to fondle the dog. Curran stopped at once. "Go on, go on," said Lord Clare. Oh, I beg a thousand pardons my lord!" * the ready re- ply, "X really took it for, granted your lordship was engaged ,in consultation." A witticism of Fitzgibbon, -the only one recorded of him, is so good as to make one wish for more. Chief llaron STelverton went over to London accompanied by Curran Egan, and a Mr. Barrett, notorious for his skill at cards. " He travels,", said Fifczgibbon, " like a mountebank, 'with his monkey, his bear, and his JBleight-of-hand man," This" Bgan was a: great friend of Curran's, and held the office of Chairman of Kilinainham. • He was a man of huge size and massive build, as brawny and nearly as black'as a coal- porter. In an election for the borough of TaUagh, outade Dublin, Egan was an unsuccessful candidate. He appealed, and the matter came before .a committee of the House of Commons. It was in theheatof a summer afternoon that "Egan was seen struggling through the crowd in a profuse perspiration, and mopping his face in a huge red handkerchief. " 1 am sorry for you," ; said Curran, " very sorry indeed." " Sorry ! : Why so, Jack, why so ? I am perfectly at my ease." " Alas, Egan, it is evident to everyone that looks at yoii that you arelosing tallow (Tallagh) fast." -The friendship that existed between the two lor many years was interrupted by a quarrel so bitter that a duel was the consequence. They met on the Fifteen Acres, and on the ground -Egan icoinplained that the disparity in sue gave bis adversary an unfair advantage. ** I might as well shoot at a midge as at him," said Egan, "and he may hit me as easily as a turf stack." " I tell you what, Mr. Egan," said Curran, pistol in hand; "I wish to take no advantage of yon whatsoever. Let my size be chalked out upon yonr side,*ad every shot whidj goes outside -tof tiat -mark may count for nothing." The contest after that was not a deadly one, andthough they 6rod. neitherjvas mt,and-areconciliationfollowed. At NiBi Prins one day ^hief Jnstioe Carleton, a lugubrious personiig%,, came into court tookmg iinnsually gloomy.-; He apologised to thenar for befog necessitated to adjourn tie court for that day, " tough," proceeded his lordship, " I am aware that an important .issue stands for trial; hut the fact is, Iliave "mfetivifli a domestic misfortune which has deranged my nerves. Poor Lady Carleton " {in a. low tone to the bar) "has most unfortunately miscarried, and " - " Oh, my lord,"^ interrupted Curran, "there is no necessity for your lordship to make any apology, as it is clear now that your lordship has no issue to try." After Curran's elevation to the Bench as Master of the Rolls, a loom seems to have fallen upon his spirits. Ic disliked his position, for which he. felt himself unqualified- Ae he said, " When the party with which I had acted so fairly had after long proscription come at last to their natural place, I did not expect to have beeu stuck into a window, a spectator of the procession." He was bitterly opposed to the Uuion, though after it has taken place be would not take part iu an agitation for its repeal. He was one day, after the final debate, setting his watch at the post- office, then opposite the parliament-house, when- a noble member who' voted in the majority said to him, with ill-timed jocularity, " Curran, what do they mean to do with that useless building ? For my part, I am sure I hate even the sight of it." " I don't wonder at it,'my lord,' was the reply. - ".I never yet heard of a murderer that was not afraid of a ghost." 