1 MADAGASCAR. A coKKissroMDENT writing to the Minda Lascar Times gives this description of s."Tour up the East Coast " ¡-" I have not been able to give you any? news since last March, as I have been in 'Enmatare, and the French open or steal pcopleVlctterc Oncol received two papers two days affective letters had been delivered, and after fire postmaster has told me there was no*hing<fer me. All tayMialtiffasy Gazettes have been stolen from the, packets. About Tamatave there is little to say that is not well known tongues all. The French are tired of the war, and are dying with fever like flies. I never saw day in Tamattrvowithout two or three funerals, soldiers or inhabitants. About two or three weeks before, he left it was reported that'flffcy'fiear French soldiers died at Vohiiuar in the space of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of ' disciplinarians '\ (about 150 were landed at Tamatave, but had to be sent back to Blounien after two or taree weeks' stay. All the volunteers have finished their time, and not a single one agreed to renew his engagement. This vexed the Admiral, and so he kept them there against their will. It was reported that a French officer received a ball through the richest Diego Suarez when they attacked that fort. ' If anyone wishes to starve left him go to Tamatave. ' You <c»nnotr'get a piece of beef except as a favour, and paying 16. a pound for it, and three quarters bone Eggs ten for a dollar, in fact, Tamatave is a place where no one can stay for several reasons. Many foreigners are leaving Tamatave, and most of the French (those who signed the petition) are praying God to see shower over. They are all-saying, 'Where are the good times we had with the Hovas ?' and How glad we should be if we were British subjects. Now it appears they have discovered their mistake and regret what they have done. <Tho.«Jesuit priests have a good time of this war. They are sowing disorder in every family the Tara save by taking their servants for catechism, and the women also ; but the women go at another time of the day. Two priests Father Chevalier and Jjacombo, came to me about five or six times to take away the natives in my car ploy; but I wasn't length obliged to threaten to put them out of my house, and then they left me quiet until I left. They have the reputation of carrying on the most scandalous doings. They have no children at school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears that they are the principal people desirous of seeing the war over, as they are afraid the Protestant missionaries will take away all their JUles. I was always surrounded by certain people who call themselves British subjects trying to find out what was going on, and at last one told me that I had better leave Tamatave as soon as possible I merely replied 'All right, let them turn me out.' I next made a trip to St. Mary Island, taking a passage on board the 'French man-of-war Romance. He would require a room of paper to relate the disorder existing on board of her. I was treated most shamefully. As soon as we left Tamatave an officer, came to me and ordered me to go forward, and I was obliged to stay on dock among sheep and cows, and during the whole of night I could not find a place to shelter myself from the rain, and I was wet through. The next morning they kept me until 10 before they gave me passage to go ashore, although we had arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised me so much as to near the quarrels between officers and crew. It is shameful for france to have such men to represent her. I preferred to return to Tamatave on board a small schooner. After nearly three months in Tamatave 'I paid a two days' visit to Fenoarivo. (From there I went to Manaharaoa, where I was well received by the Governor, who gave me a bullock, as well as geese, ducks, fowls, and rice. From Manaharana I paid a visit to Maroant scene, where a cordial reception was given me by the Governor and officers. I then come here, where I was received in a manner utterly beyond all my expectations. The day after I landed the Lieutenant-Governor came down to visit me, and welcomed me with presents, including a bullock. After my ship left I went up country to visit the Governor at Ambohit safe. Here, too, I wai"welconood to a well preparcd breakfast. How different were the receptions made to me by the Hovas and the ? one the French gave met At Tamatave I was like an enemy, a spy, a ghost, and still I was among civilised men (so I am told and here, where I am amongst barbarians (as the French say), I feel happy as amongst friends. If all the foreigners in this country had known how to behave themselves I am sure everyone would find himself like me, for it is very easy to live in good relations with the Hovas." 