OBAFE SHOT Our Hospital is filling. Typhoid cases numerous. Earth closet system abused Two more harmless lunatics sent to the Asylum from the Hospital. The sun is in Aries this month, but he will be in Taurus in a few days, though the season IB propitious neither to rams nor bulls, nor any other kind of live stock, Aquarius would be a more appropriate Zodiacal sign, since water carting is the order of the day. Wholesale chemists as well as brewers, touched up in the Insolvency Court. Kapunda public school is not the only one which needs earth closets. Saltia people still growling with the Hydraulic Engineer's Department over that well question. They maintain that the Department chould have left well alone, Tho steamers Guthrie and Tannadice have augmented the population of the Territory by landing 100 Chinese immigrants at Port Darwin. Victorian constable severly censured by the Chief Commissioner for not inter fering at Woodend when Joseph Symes the Freethougbt lecturer, was mobbed and assaulted. The constable urged that Symes told him, before tbe row commenced, that he did not want anybody arrested. Symes, however, evidently did not anticipate that free action would be so demonstratively aggressive against freethought Beach calls in at Melbourne on his way to England and receives a complimentary address from the Victorian Bowing Asso ciation. Yarcowie and Georgetown enjoyed earthquake shocks last Friday night. The Port Adelaide Corporation haB at last resolved to form a Fire Brigade. Edward Carroll, sentenced to imprison" ment for life last October for beating hiB wife's skull in with a firebar, has been sent to Parksida as a dangerous lunatic, Victoria's Customs receipts have increased a good deal since tbe Border >ermit system was abolished. The store' ceepera of the South East wish to revive it, and those of Western Victoria strongly object to the proposal. The Premier declines to call Parliament together at an early date. There is, he says, nothing particularly wrong with the country or the Government; New South Wales has got the depression as bad as South Australia, and England worse, and Victoria will Boon be in the Bame boat. Mr W. F. Hopkins, B.A. of the Adelaide University, has been received ad eundem at Melbourne, where he has entered as a medical student. Three reservoirs, each of 1,000,000gals. capacity, are to be excavated by relief work in Yorke's Peninsula, and 7,000 and odd acres of swamp land on the Murray are to be reclaimed by the Adelaide uoemployeds. The Architect-in-Chief will be retrenched at the end of the present financial year— nominally, that is to say; for of course, only his official title will be abolished. The Glenelg Town Council says that the contractor for the Patawalonga River improvements has used sea weed for filling up, contrary to agreement. Mr Culcheth, C.E., late of tbe Indian Survey department, and now Irrigation engineer for Victoria, reports favorably of the Baroesa scheme—from an engineer's point of view—the financial aspect of the case does not concern him. Tbe S.A. Coursing Club's Hindmarsh meeting was concluded last Thursday. Mr Ford's Marshall Keith won the Derby, with Fault- finder running up. The Oaks was won by Mr Vernall, whose Bister sluts Violet and Verbena were left alone in it after the third ties, and be elected to win with Violet. The same owner won the Prize Challenge Cup for the first time with Valentine Vox. Christian Reimers has got his farewell benefit in the Adelaide Town Hall at last. He will be able now to depart for Melbourne with a lighter heart and a heavier pocket People should not put spirits of salts in gin bottles when children are abont. A three year old in Adelaide sampled a " bottle of square" the other day, and found too late that it contained muriatic acid instead of the juice of the juniper. However, gin would probably have killed the child just as effectually. Young woman at Tailem Bend (fiUe de joie, probably), had a row with a navvy, and got the worst of the Billingsgate. Next day Bhe sent for him to " make up," and when he came within range, threw a bucket of boiling water over him. He lost his beard and a good deal of cuticle. Dog poisoning, midnight shootings, and ghost apparitions have been enlivening the monotony of life at Kooringa. The Ministry are going to rednce their own screws from £1,000 to £800, and then to cut down all Civil Service salaries over £150,20 per cent. Very self denying of them, since they are pretty certain to be turned out of office soon after the meeting of Parliament. Sir Arthur Gordon, the Governor of New Zealand, it now appears, furnished Mr Rusden with some of the " facts" wherewith he libelled Major Bryce. British Government asked to call Sir Arthur to account Declined, on th ground that the case is still subjudice. Lord Harrowby iB trying to bring the Gladstone Ministry to a definite statement of intentions with regard to the New Hebrides. Might aB well try to get a good grip of an eel by the tail. Rumoured that Sir William Jervois is to succeed Sir Hercales Robinson as Governor s of Cape Colony, and that Sir W. C. F. Robinson is to take charge of New Zealand. They want a soldier Governor at the Cape. Baron Lssseps informs the French shareholders in the Panama Canal that it will positively be open by the end of 1889\. The Baron must be very much out in bis calculations, unless tbe author of " Cold Water on the Panama Canal—by One who haB been there," is a colossal liar. When the Queen was coming back from laying the foundation stone of the new Medical Hall on the Thames Embankment last week, a disuharged soldier threw a petition for assistance into her carriage, and was promptly arrested. Pourquoi t The Abyssinian troops are now positively and actually engaging in relieving the garrison of Kassala, in the Sondan, who have been besieged for the last 18 months. The Soudanese are getting the worst of it. Daniel Reardon, cook for a Government rabbit party in Nackera, cut bis throat 'with • mor l«t Wcdoudty morning Sir Alexander Stuart, the late Premier of New South Wales, is ot Ottawa, the capital of the Dominion of Canada, negotiating for a telegraph cabin from British Columbia to the Sandwich Isles, Fiji, New Zealand, and Sydney. William Martin, a groom employed at Paratoo by Hill & Co., tbe Silverton mail e contractors, collided with another horse, man while mustering horses lost Wednes day. H> was sent in to Torowi«\ and on to tho Burra Hospital, without having re gained consciousness. The latest move for rabbit destruction is announced from Bourke, on tbe Darling. The N.S.W. Government have sent 400 cats up by train to be let loose among the rabbits which are devastating the Tongie run, on the Paroo river. The American schooner Two Boys, from the Caroline Islands to Sydney, has put in to Moreton Bay with the flag of distress flying. Provisions run out and crew starving. The rabbit scare in Southern Queensland turns out to be a false alarm. The animals shot as rabbitB prove to be " pitcbus"—an indigenous burrowing rodent The Sydney nnemployeds, put on relief work, are deserting the Government service for private employment. Copyright Bill, on the basis of tbe International Copyright Convention concluded at Berne, Switzerland, in 1884, to be introduced in tbe HOUBO of Commons. The railway employes' strikes in the United States are causing considerable trouble. The Governor of Missouri has called out the troops to quell the riots, Said that the Bishop of Newcastle England, (the Right Rev. D. Wllberforce). is to succeed Dr Moorhouse in the See of Melbourne. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph criticises the preaching of the Rev. W. K. Fletcher, M.A., of Adelaide, who has been preaching at Hawthorne, Victoria. The Telegraph quoteB Tom Hood's description of old Killmansegg in the famous " Golden Leg" poem—whose habitual action was " washing his handB with invisible soap, in imperceptible water." Great pity that Mr Barr Smith has not been Treasurer of South Australia for the last three years. His Excellency has visited Port Adelaide with all the pomp and circumstance of a gubernatorial entry, in order to present prizes to the local branch of the St. John's Ambulance Society. Mr ClarkBon, of the Protector, has gone to Sydney to Bee how H.M.S. Nelson carries on torpedo practice. Pilot boat capBUsed last Thursday at Port Phillip heads, and two oat of three men on board drowned. The Freetrade Association of Sydney informs tbe Victorian Ministry that extensive Customs frauds are being perpetrated by Melbourne slop-makers in connection with intercolonial drawbacks. Change of weather and heavy rains in Sydney last Thursday. The New Zealand Government prohibit the exportation of oysters. Not enough New Zealand " natives" for home consumption. Silver ore said to have been discovered at Boetaloo. These bootless discoveries are getting monotonous. John Thomas Shaw gave Arthur Franklin a " knuckle-duster" to meltdown last week. Arthur subsequently tried the implement on John Thomas's skull with veiy marked effects, and was committed for trial at Adelaide last Thursday in consequence. Malua is handicapped at top weight for the Sydney Cnp, notwithstanding his ignominious collapse in the Champion. Crooks and Wilson are to be tried for tbe Commercial Bank frauds on Wednesday week. Mr Lyall has gone back to Yankalilla as manager of that branch, but baB since been arrested. The Directors of the Commercial do not believe that any shareholders will be hardhearted enough to bring an action against them. August Marden charged at the Quorn Police Court with trying to shoot F. Russack, on March 5, in the Hundred of Yarrah. Case dismissed, as the gun was not proved to be loaded. Messrs Burgoyne and Coglin have presented to the Premier two petitions. One from the Hundreds of Kanyaka, Boolcunda, and Barndioota, begged for an extension of time for paying rents ; and the other from Eurilpa, asked that the Government Geologist be Bent up to prospect that locality for minerals. Latter request granted ; former to be considered. The Melbourne Sailor's Home has a site worth £25,000, iB entirely self-supporting, and has a credit balance of £1000. Mr James Orr, manager of the B&llarat; branch of the Union Bank, is coming to take charge of the Adelaide branch. Bottle thrown overboard from the ship Greta on February 4, off the Kangaroo Island coast, picked up at Port Lincoln in March 7. Apparently the current sets norwesterly. 