EOIO1/9 OF MIELBOURNEE. [BY TImE GHOST.] The electoral battle is over, and both sides can now reckon their losses and their gains. There is little doubt that so far as mere numbers go the Coalitionists have the advantage of the Oppositionists. But the new Assembly will present to the onlooker a different appearance to that observable during the -late Service cum-Berry reign.. The Opposition will not be a mere beggarly array of empty benches, but will show a strong and compact phalanx arrayed against the Ministry, and contain ing in its ranks at least a dozen ex Ministers of the Crown, who having at various periods of their Parliamentary career basked in the comfortable sunshine of office, will avail themselves of the very first opportunity of quitting the cold shades of Opposition, and regaining their seats on the front bench to the right of Mr. Speaker. "All the talents" are not at present in office, and with leaders of the ex perience of Mr. Patterson and Mr. Munro, and astute followers of the guerilla type such as Mr. Graves, Mr.Bent, Colonel Smith, Mr. C. E. Jones, and the Prmtorian band on the cross benches, ever ready to favour a change of Government on the off chance of something turning up, which may be of advantage to themselves, the Gillies Deakin Administration is likely to experi ence a lively time. Although the Govern ment can boast of containing a few talkers in its ranks, it is certainly less strong in debating talent than its opponents. Mr. Deakin and Mr. Gillies, it is true, possess the car of the House, and are always listened to with pleasure, but Mr. Pearson is a prosy bore, Mr. Nimmo devoid of debating aptitude, Mr. Walker superficial, and Mr. Dorham has up to the present been a silent member. Mr. M. H. Davies has yet to win his spurs as a parliamentary speaker ; and as for Mr. John James, the rejected of Ballarat, although he appears disposed to stick to the sweets of oflice as a limpet does to its rock, notwithstanding the broad hint received at the hands of his constituents that his room is preferable to his company, the House will be spared the infliction of his dreary harangues, framed on the model of those of a third-rate local preacher. Of course time and practice may develop the oratori cal powers of the' individual members of the Ministry, and under the sense of responsibility created by a seat on the to Treasury Bench, they may, like Sir James w M'Culloch, who seldom or never addressed ci the chair until called to lead the Assembly, become as eloquent as D)cmosthenes and as glib of speech as Mr. Deakin himself. The it Government is to be allowed to glide into h recess for two orlthree months, but it is ti safe to predict that, they have troubloun ai times ahead, and that, like the proverbial II young bears, their sorrows are all before ri them. h Parliament meets on Tuesday. Mr. to Gillies, mindful of the obloquy which attached to Mr. Service for not calling the vi IIouses together at the first possible It moment-the little preliminary of being iv sworn in being absolutely required in w order to enable honourable gentlemen to tc draw their pay as members-lhas resolved 11 not to fall into the same error, but to ti placate the Assembly by letting their "screw" commence at once. No business I, is, however, to be entered upon. The C Government are to be allowed time to w mature the measures to be submitted to b, Parliament when it is called together " for rs the despatch of business" some time in BI Juno next, and perhaps to enable the ir Opposition to marshal their forces and a organise their attack. It was at first tl intended by the opponents of the Govern- ti ment to make their onslaught at the b earliest possible moment, but wiser counsels e have prevailed, and they have resolved " not to start before they are ready." For c( wlen parties have settled down it will be ft apparent that the lists setting forth the ca relative strength of the Coahltion and its ft opponents are all erroneous, and that a al large proportion of members classed as 01 Government supporters are either opposed tt to tihe Deakin- Gillies combination or bound w to it by ties of the most slender kind, ir Already in some cases constituencies that ci have returned avowed Ministerialists have d requested their representatives to oppose the Government, and the example set by ci the Barwon electorate in requesting Mr. w Lovien to oppose the nominee of the late 01 Service-Berry Coalition, from which Ihe was so unceremoniously excluded in favour of w a novice in politics, will no doubt be fol- at lowed in many other electorates. it One noticeable fact in connection with is the recent elections is the utter failure of ft the attempt to set class against class by Ic sending " labour representatives" into ft Parliament. The appeal to the passions is of the working man made in two metropolitan constituencies, where the in- fluence of this particular political entity is supposed to be greatest, has resulted in a triumph of common sense. Messrs. Murphy and Trenwith, who came out to champion the cause of labour representation, have both been rejected. In England the pre- sence of labour representatives is perhaps necessary, from the fact that the House of Commons is mainly constituted of members chosen from the upper and wealthy middle classes, who may be supposed to have little sympathy with or knowledge of the wants of the masses. In this colony, where there is no aristocracy, and where the "wealthy lower orders" have risen from the ranks, and where, moreover, ninety-nine persons out of every hundred are in some form truly working men, there is no necessity for any special representatives, and the elec- tors have been wise enough to understand this and act accordingly. The Scots Church embroglio is again be fore 'the public, and as the Melbourne Presbytery have decided to envenom the quarrel, and to stick at nothing to carry out their own narrow ideas, there now appears t: but little chance ofsany peaceable solution w of the breach created when Mr. Strong was compelled to relinquish his charge being a arrived at. Without calling upon either fl Dr. Morrison to prove his charges,or allow ing Mr. Dods the opportunity of refuting them, the assembly of divines (at the insti- a gation of Messrs. Yule, M'Eeaelhrn, Ren- v toul, and such shining lights of the low P church party, htave set aside the all but 0 unanimous "call" of the congregation in C favour of the minister of their choice. P Although none of the grave accusations ' brought by Dr. Morrison were proven, and u no notice beyond a casual (motion made of C the gravest of them all, by twenty-two 11 votes to eleven, the congregation Iavre It been debarred from exercising a right hold t unchallenged for upwards of two centuries, An appeal against this exercise of Jed burgh justice has been lodged by the I minority, but it is likely to result in the s same manner as do all 'appeals front Philip drunk to Philip sober. The a narrow bigotry displayed by tie op u ponents of Mr. Dods can only resultl in driving the wholle of the late congrega- I tion of the Roverend Charles Strong into t the new "Australian Church," "into the 7 Church of England, or some worse place," I as "the Rev. Mr. Yule phrased it," or to Mr. Symes's freethought lecture-room, to the discredit of Presbyterianism in par ticular, and Christianity in general. The curtain has been rung down on the second act of the Coburg tragedy. During the week the Hampton family-or at least the female portion of it-has been brought up charged with tile wilful muerder of Ethel May Hampton, the youngest member of the family, and the case remitted to a jury of the Supreme Court. JAs all the medical men examined are agreed that the cruel deed was committed by the unfortu- 1 nate mother and sisters of the victim while tunder the influence of religious mania, the State will in all probability be burdened with the care of four more criminal lunatics, confined " during the Queen's pleasure." It is to be hoped her most gracious Majesty will be pleased to keep the mur deresses under lock and key during the re mainder of their natural or unnatural lives. One by' one the old institutions and landmarks of Melbourne are disappearing. The Protection League vanished some time ago, the Burke and Wills monument has been removed from Collins-street, where it lhas stood for some twenty years, and now the far-famed "saddling paddock" attacbed to tho Theatre RIoyal lhas been " improved out of exutence" by the newly-constituted Aicncusing Court. IIenceforth I'lPhryne, Lais, Aspasin, and all the gay and painted ladies for whom the place has been specially set apart as a happy hunting ground, will be scattered at the various bars of the theatre, rendering all equally I Sdisreputable by their presence. This last Sattempt to render people virtuous by force Sof law is not likely to be crowned with Smore success that all the similar endea yvoturs in thle same direction made during Sthei last few years in Victoria. y It is fast becoming a matter for serious I consideration whlther tihe "testimonial business" is not being a little overdone in Victorial It was all very well to take the t opportunity of Bishlop Moorhouse's depar \- ture from the colony to express the admira , tion all classes entertain for the reverend Sprelate, both in his capacity of a liberal Schurchman of broad and catholic views d and a man whose blameless life is a bright r example to all colonists. Perhaps, too, Ssome little recognition of the services if rendered to the colony by tihe late Premier 5\. during a somewhat troublous time in her history may be excusable. But what on earthl has Mr. Berry done that hIe slhould 0 be feted and presented, on his departing n from our shores to fill a lucrative appoint '. ment he Ilas given limself, with addresses is aond services of plate? And why should ' the President of the Chamber of Commerce n take the initiative in a movement to do of honour to a man whose career has been I, one of selfish ollffice-seeking, who has done ht Iis best to set class against class, foisted s all his relatives on tihe State, initiated a y policy that isolates us from our neighbours, e and whose private life will no more boar s looking into than his public career ? Why a indeed? The only reply that suggests g itself is that joy at getting rid of him lies Is at the bottom of the demonstration that is greets his departure, and that when he is i presented wish addresses and services of y plate it is in the hope that we may " no'er f look upon his like again" I 55 March l15. 