A MUSICAL TOUR IN THE OASTLE- : -, 'K;? ; MAINE DISTRICT. t .. (By s_ Mi B ) . In accordance with ft promiso of some stand ing J left my aucbstral halls, or what dobs duly for thorn, last Tuesday . morning on a -tourof Tonic Sblfa inspootion and iiropaduuda in ihn Saiidhurab district. Pausing for an hour in Melbuiirno to see what was doing at tlio Tonic S"lfa Agency (A. and W. Briieb, 68 'Elizabeth- street), I continued my journey by the mid day train to Onstlenuiine. The couutly all along the line looked prettier than 1 liavo over seen it belol'e— the fresh green grass and grain crops alteriiated'' with tlio rich brown of the ploughed .paddocks ; tho snowy blossiiins of tlio fruit trees scenting the uir with fragrance ; the bright and varied greens of the newly buddiiig English trees coi.tn steel with the darker fuliago of. the. native gums; and tlio pretty binns and gardens of such towns as Kyneton, Miilinsb'ury and Tii radalo, presenting a pleasing foi egrouiid tii tins inbuntmiish'n tlie distanob. At IMrhdiilo p was jniiiod by Mr Reeves, who has been curry ing oirSolfa classes at intervals forsonioydursin MetciilfeJ and who had invited nm tb iiicet'his classes oh my return: ' ; At Cnstleiniiiiie I was the ghost of the Rev. A. R. B. McCay, whom 1 had met at Port Mol- liiniriio last AiiL'Ust when uiVinrr mi intmrlnnini.,. leelUro on Church ' Music and Sol fa in eon- : nexion with Mr Trewin's class at the Presby terian Church. 1 As there was unfortunately no one prepared to conduct iv Solfn class in Castle maine it wm considered advisable to postpone niy leeturo oil Church Music and substitute an evening of " Christian Lyrics." . The Church was fairly filled by a must attentive audience, and with the aid, of: ,a sweet-toned American organ I succeeded. in. soeuritig their interest for nearly- two hours, while I , rendered several snugs and readings, taking their inspiration from- the founder of our religion. On WediiesdiiyT went fon' by. the' early train to Sandhurst; where I .wAs '7 met 7 by, Mr B. C. Penlreath, whoso pupils werfe to take tlio jiriu- cipal part in a Tonic Solfn demonstration at Eagluhalvk that evening. Wo. strolled through tho main' streets; visited the museum at the Mechanics' Institute, which contains some very interesting exhibits, amongst them sotuo very beautiful stuffed birds, and returned by the gardoiisV 'w'liich extend for a considerable dis- tniicc- close to the- business part of tho city, -re minding nib. very niuoli of the " Wall" or Moat- gardens at Bremen. We then took the Eagle- hawk .cab, passing for 4 or 5 mileB through an unbroken succession of mines, past and present, which, with their stagings, brick chimneys, and mullock heaps, form one of the most striking features of the Sandhurst district. About half way we stop at Long Gully, where we dine, and leave the greater part of my impedimenta as 1 am to sleep there that night. After diuiior I, sbo 'Mr. Peutroath's workshop with an array of: organ .pipes made of brown paper, neatly finished aiid of a very pleasant tone. Unfortunately, tiine does not permit me to see a completed organ which lie had a hand in con- ttructing, and which, I hope to see on a future occasion. 1 begin so havo a very, considerable respect for this Mr .Bphtroath— a man who can teach'Sblfa,"play thb'Fretibli horn,, cornet, and I know not how, in, any other instruments — handle an orgtt.u, dud mitkb Olio, too, is on a -platform' quite above what I bdn aspire to ! By 3 o'clock I ain at the Eagiehntvk Mechanics' Institute, wliere I find several persons waiting for examination. This is the first Clolloge ox- amination in the district, and so there are sonic candidates going up for two certificates, and one gentleman for three. All the pupils are very well up iu almost all subjects, and I pass 8 for elementary and 4 for intermediate. We bare not timo to finish the matriculation ex amination that night, for we have to refresh the inner man and prepare for tho concert, which is to include Barnett's " Singing Lesson," and this must be rehearsed. Next morning, however, we return to the conflict, and I think there is little doubt that Mr Pentreath and bis able lieuteiiant, Mr . Skurrie, will satisfy the sevore requirements of the College examiners. By 8 o'clock the Hall is packed — standing room having to satisfy many of the audience — and a very good programme, partly accompanied and partly .unaccompanied, is satisfactorily per formed. During the interval I am requested to give it brief explanation of the method, and I think tho best plan is to obtain a practical de monstration by giving tho audience a first lesson. This/ although at first threatening to evoke n demon of noise from tho boys in tlio hack seats, which there mielib be some difficulty in subduing, proves quite a success, and having called in the assistance of the Class, we sing " Roaming o'er the Meadows" in three parts to tho great gratification of the audionce, who heartily applaud their own perforinatico at its conclusion. I then point a a two-part modula tor voluntary for the class, introducing transi tion and chromatics, which are given with pre cision and , accuracy, and conclude with two sight tests ill tho shapo of a special hymn tune and a round in 4 parts that takes the humour of tho audience from the local character of tho words. Towards tlio conclusion tho Rev. Lewcrs, in seconding a vote of thanks, spoke very warmly of what Sulfa had accomplished in Ireland, and strongly urged parents not only to send tliuir children to Mr Pentreath's new class, but to go themselves, so that family singing might bo promoted, and tho young kept out of mischief. HiB humorous remarks and rich Irish accent provoked mo to sing an Irish ditty as my laBt item, and thiB apparently took the audience, for it received ft furioUB encore, to which I had to respond. The concert concluded witli a most humorous rendering of Root's " Johnnie Schmoker," which brought down the liouae jn most approved fashion. Next morning I luitored too long ill the Long Gully Stato School, so that our matriculation examination pushed me very close to dinner time ; iu fact, I had to rush for Sandhurst, leav ing my dinner behind, and without calling on two friends whom I oxpeeted to see. Wo wero, however, in good time for tho train, and iu duo season I reached Turadalo on my return journey, where 1 was met by Mr Reeves and conveyed to the hospitable dwelling "f Mr Gordon, member for the district. In tho evening a very successful meeting was held in the Presbyterian Church. I was quito as tonished on entering the Hall to see the largo body of singers -over 70 — ranged so as to half- face tho audience. Several had couio from Metcalfe, 7 miles, and others from Barfold, 15 miles, a fact tlmt spoko well for tho enthusiasm ami determination of the Solfuists ill this district. I felt rather puzzled as to my part ill tlie demon stration, for I hud an audience of lion-singers to address on tlie one hand, and a class who were looking for some help and information on the other. I do not know that I succeeded iu pleasing both parties, but I endeavoured to compass both ends by commencing with a brief account of the rise of Tonic Solfa, and of the way in which the system began to be used for Sunday school work, then for church music, then for the higher sacred elassies, such as Mozart's 12tli Muss, Haiidcll's Messiah, &e.; ; then how its students naturally ap plied it to instruments, necessitating the produc tion of text hooks for piano, organ, violin, brass and reeds, and even the concertina, 'tlmt our pupils might learn some way. I also told how our notation being philosophically true and accurate is the best adapted for a clear appreciation of musical theory, harmony, and composition. Its facilities for transposition add greatly to the resources of a prayer on any instrument, and its simplicity lenders the reading of a complicated, full orchestral score as simple as an ordinary composition for tlie piano. It is thus shown that in tlio whole realm. of anisic, practical and theoretical, vocal and in strumental, from tlio infant songs of tlio Kinder- h-n'tcu to tlio highest flights of tlio great musters, the 1 onie Solfa notation is tlio best, simplest and cheapest. I then varied the subject by giving ail introductory lesson to the audience, that they might appreciate tho correctness of my statements, ami afterwards went on to describe tlie plan of tonic Solfa College certificates. -Those certificates ..are the outcome of Mr CiuAven's. strong love for thoroughness. lis ait'n HvaW to fiiKkA'' ail-rmmd'" musicians;' wlio-' could -'hot Only- sifig ilt sight1 what they saw, but- write what "thoy heard, cultivate their vbiceS, Timprove tlieir musical mfemovy/lnU-e a thorough jiraotical knowledge of rhythrii, ftlid iu brie higher stages possess a, clear and accurate eiuii)- ciatipn, as well us a .theoretical acquairtta'nee W'itli harmony, conipositioii, expression ana form. These certificates arc. carefully graded, and Borvo tlie double .purpose of satisfying tho tcaelior as to the results of his pupils' progress, and classifying tile pupils according to their ability. They arc also guarantees of proficiency, although, of course, this depends on tlie character and strictness of tile examiner. The singing of this.. class was .charac terised by. . sweetness and good intonation, bttt lacked fire and energy. Probably the stago-fright occasioned by a first uppeuruncc, anil the presence of such .presumably severe critics as tlio Professor and the Tarudalu public is sufficient to account for this. The voluntary and sight-tests Were attacked with apparently much more confidence than the prepared pieces, because they forgot their critics in tlieir anxiety to do the work well. 7 ' After ,the concert cumc , a supper specially pro- ''meu for the visitors— a teetotal supper, for I am pleased to say we are among blue-ribbon people— and then a dark drive through the biisli to Met calfe. Next morning, the weather, which bad so far been beautifully fine, broke, and gloomy clouds, ' with occasional showers, threatened a web eveUiiig: . But the: Taradale .Solfuists and tlieir friends rtiso' QillOVfl till P Wnn.t.ll Of mwl f!in nr/.o lit Ai. » aaAi',« \- , — u>iu WJV »r LU.OUV1 llUVVll tlLLUIll mouatmg after, all, so that there was a fine mutter in tlie Shire Hull. Indeed, several had to rbmajn outside and be content to listen through tlie 'xyhi- dows. The hall being smaller, and tho choir more' compact, the part-songs were rendered with moVe. spirit than on the previous evening, the enuncia tion being very clear and distinct. i touched Very' lightly on the points mentioned above, but gave a. short sketch of our progress in Victoria during tlie' past 8 or 10 years,, and advised them t6 follow the example of a sturdy Lancashire Solfaisfc, who had infused fresh spirit into the last gathering of the Victorian Tonic Solfa Association, telling us not to be afraid of the sneers of the Staff Notationists, but to u show them what Solfa could do " by beat ing them on their own ground. I gave a few hints on pronunciation, and illustrated my remarks by songs in different styles. On Sunday I gave a short "Service of Song," after Sunday School, which seemed to be appreciated by those present, as a more quiet and attentive audience, chiefly children, I never had. I cannot conclude without expressing my thanks to all with whoih I came in contact for their warm reception, and I trust that my visit will prove of service both by encouraging the choirs and teachers to greater efforts, and by rousing public attention to the mothod. I hope it will not be long before such centres as Castle maine and Sandhurst have large, flourishing classes, and that I may soon be called upon to assist in tho congenial task of delivering the inaugural ad dress, or conducting a preliminary Solfa demon stration. 