7STEW GUINEA CUSTOMS. The beauties of Yule Island have been described almost as often as those of Sydney Harbour. Two ypars ago it was,. except for one family, uninhabited ; now a considerable village has been formed on the south-east side of the island by natives of lloro on the opposite mainland. ; Some years ago they migrated from the island on account of the number of 'ghosts' — which, divested of superstition, means that so much sickness and death prevailed that the people were afraid. At Kivori, a few miles beyond Maiva, the cocounuts are all tabooed for a feast. To ensure the taboo being respected a number of young men patrolled the village wearing masks, and covered down to their feet with dried banana leaves or grass. The masks were most elaborate and ingenious. One was made to represent a boat with two or three men in it ? another a hawk, one a crocodile, and another a pig, but the most surprising was a very fair representation of a young woman dressed in European style. As they never can have seen more than two or. three white women, their skill was very remarkable They stood in front of us in a row for the usual backsheesh— a piece of tobacco^ They generally carry a short stick under their arm, and cause much terror among the women and children 1 heir custom seems to be similar to the 'duk-duk' of 2sTew Britain ; but it has not the significance and sacredness which it seems to have there. They sleep at night, but my rest was broken by the constant thud of falling cocoanuts gathered by hungry people while 'kaivakuku' slept There is a very large native population at Motumotu. They are much darker in colour than those to the east of Yule Island, and a much finer and more powerful race. The village is not a fine one. There are good houses, but every street has little enclosures with dilapidated fences and wretched, low, broken-down houses 1 hese are the tombs of the illustrious , dead. The streets and squares are terribly disfigured by these memorials of the departed A number of fine new dubus were just building, and some were finished. 1 hese dubus ' are a kind of club-house for the men and at some seasons houses of seclusion for the young men At particular times youths of about 1G retire to the dubu. Their hair up to this time is kept short, with only a little tuft in front and behind. Ihey remain in the dubu until their hair has grown long enough to come down over their faces. The teacher told me that it was generally eight or nine months, and sometimes more than a year, before they emerged from their prison-house Uunng the whole of this time they are sacred, and must not see a woman, lneir food is cooked for them by mother or sister and taken to them by one of the men. There is great reioicinir when they come out, and much feasting. After this they wear the dress and ornaments of the men, but cannot marry until they have reached another stage, and attained a different style of nair-dreasing. When the dubu is not occupied by these young recluses, it is used by the men as their special quarters. On the large platform in front they discuss politics, plan expeditions and talk scandal, while they chew betel nut, and pass round the bamboo tobacco pipe. The floor is about 15ft. or lGft from the ground, and the building about 80ft long. The roof is high in front, and slopes down to the back. There is a narrow passage down the middle of the dubu, and on either side sleeping-placea about 4ft. wide, alternated with a fireplace. There is no window or aperture ; the thatch comes down to the floor, and when the lires are going the mosquitoes have no chance.— Port MoreBbv correspondent of JS. M. Herald. Juu«jBijy. 