THE GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE. CHASE MEETING. [BY TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE, July 18. The Grand National Steeplechase Meeting was held on Saturday, the attendance being in excess of any previous Grand National day. The racing was good, and free from accident. The following arc the details of the different races :— Maidxn Hcrdlr Rack. W. Bail^y'a b.c. >»ir L&unoelot;, 9st. 71b. (Onrey) 1 A.. F. Bradbhaw'a bl.iu. Maokay, late Bilver King. lOst (Malono) 2 J K. Cripps'e br.h. Hobart, lOst. 51b. (M'Lood) 3 Arpnnthorne, Aristocrat, Pyrrb.ua 1., Joer, and Earimil also started. Betting: C to 4 v. Sir Launcelot, sto 2 Mackay. Earimil led most of tho way. Sir Launcelot took front position just before entering the straight, followed by Earirail, Hobart, and Mackay. Sir Launcolotwon by thtw quarters of a length, Hobart three lengths off Mackay. Time, 3min. 55scc. MAIDEN STEKPI.KCnABF. G. Buckloy'gb.g. WickUffe. 10st. 13tb. .. (Free) 1 G. H. Whitehead'sb.c Andy. list. lOib. (Alien) 2 W. K. Powore's gg. V?nr Dance 3 Sir Robert, Consternation, and Trooper also ran. Betting : Even on Wickliffe. Sir Robert first ahowed to tho front, but was aooniheaded by Wickliffe »nd Consternation. Tho former led all the way and galloped home an easy winner by three lengths, while Trooper and Sir Robert were a quarter of a mile away. Time, Smin. Grand National Hurdle Hick. W. Moffdfs b.g. Uoean, 9st. 31b. (Forsrußon) 1 G. O'Brien's br.m. Ruby, lOat. J2lb. <(?. O'Brien) 2 M. LouKhlin'a br.h, Sheet Anchor, list. 101b. (Corrigau) 3 Duration, Tantaiiser, Kooiyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog also ■tar ted. Betting: 5t04 v. Sheet Ancnor, 6to 1 Dura tion and Ruby, 100 to 15 Hilltop, 7 to 1 Koo lyte, Tantaliser, and Ocean. Sheet Anchor jumped away > ith the lead, followed by Ditto, Hilltop, and Koolyte. Wild Dog took the lead around tho back of tho course, with Ocean second, Ruby third, and Sheet Anchor fourth. The places changed but •lightly uutil the stand was passed, wben Sheet Anchor shortly after struck the hurdle heavily and lost ground, and on the back course Ocean drew out from Wild Dog, who was closely followed by Ruby and Grattan. Sheet Anchor made up for lost ground fast, bat struck the last hurdle and left Ocean and Ruby to finish the contest, the former proving • sound winner by a length and a-half, with Sheet Anchor three engtha off. Time, Smin. 35i«ec Orakd National Stkxplxoha9e. If. Loughlln's b.g. Game, list 101b. (Corrigan) 1 JC. Martin's b.g. Native, lost. 81b. (Kergiuon) 3 Hon. W. Pearson's b.m. Lady Ashton. 12at 61b. (&. Cullooh) 3 Studley, Bob Cooper, Reticent, Roulette. Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuisance alito started. Betting: 3tol v. Game, 11 to 2 Studley, 6to 1 Reticent, 13 to 2 Lady Ashton, 10 to 1 Native and Spangle, 12 to 1 Roulette, 15 to 1 Brown Eagle and Charcoal. Native jumped away with the lead, Bob Cooper, Brown Eagle, and Kanaka being next, and Lady Ashton last. Charcoal led over the first jump, and round to the back of tbe course, with Game, Brown Eagle, and Kanaka in close attendance. Native led along the back of the course, with Charcoal and Lady Ashton lying next. Game passed Lady Anhtou at the abattoirs. At the first fence in the straight, Charcoal struck and rolled over his rider, and Bob Cooper fell at the seuth-west corner. At this point Native led, with Lady Ashton, Game, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studley, Spangle, and Nuisance, in the order named, and there was no apparent •Iteration along the back of the conrse. At the last jump Lady Ashton rushed through to the front, but as soon as Game challenged tbe mare was beaten, and nothing could reach Game, who won comfortably by six lengths, Native being a length in front of Lady Ashton, Reticent fourth, Kanaka fifth, Studley sixth, Brown Eagle seventh, Roulette and Nuisance next, and Spangle last. Time, 6min. 48sec. Selling Hurdle Hack. W. Little's bg. Problem, lOsc. 91b. .. (King) 1 T. Coffey'a oh g. Joey 2 X. Weektfs oh.g. JTuallier 3 Wild Dog and Louis also started. Betting: 5t04 v. Fusilier. 2to 1 Problem. Problem won easily by five lengths. Joey was second, and Fusilier, five lengths off, third. Time, 3min. 6&sec.; The winner was bought by P. F. Gordon for 165 guineas. Klat Race. C. Wilson's b.m. Gardenia. 7st. Ulb. _»«... ~ .. « (O'Brien) B. Jettuingkri br.n. Dake of Athol. 7st- 21b. (Brown) 2 W. E.liakin'd eh.in. QuentenMataey.Bat.2lb <t>ower) 3 Plausible, Meteor, Tbe Ghost, Middlemarch, Medea, Bohemian, Kitawa, Straightahot, Sunny Days, Lesbia, Stafford, Kohai, King's Bon, Oakleigb, First Consul, and Menotti also ran. Betting: stol v. Ghost, 6tol, at first 10 to 1, Middlemarch, 6 to 1 Lesbia, 100 to 15 Straight shot, 7 to 1 Stafford, 100 to 14 Quenten Matsey, 8 to 1 Oakleigh, 10 to 1. at first 5 to L Bohemian, 10 to 1 Gardenia and Duke of Athol. Gardenia had rather the best of the start and kept the lead for a time. On the back stretch Duke of Athol was in front, galloping strongly, and «eemed to be a certain winner, but half-way down the straight Gardenia rushed forward and beat Dake of Athol in the lsßt few strides by a bead. Time, lmin. 42} sec. The financial statement of the Victorian Racing Club for the year just ended shows that the last Melbourne Cup meeting yielded a profit of £12,632, while the expenditure was £15994*. Every other meeting resulted in a loss. The overdraft at the Bank of New South Wales was reduced by £2506. and is now £6145. The Chinese cultivate oyster beds most suc cessfully. They fasten old oyster shells to bamboo splints, which they then stick in mud flats swept by strong tidal current?. The shells jure supposed to attract the oyster spat, which .adheres to them, and shortly develop into tiny oysters. Then the bamboos are transplanted to other JUta, and the crop grows rapidly. 