The JlOssing Bride. It was cilice Graves' wedding eve, and the young people with whom she was a favorite, were buised in putting the last fipScfoi-ng touches to the floral decoration of the village church in which the ceremony was to be performed. As with deff and busy fingers they disposed the freshly-gathered roses liere^and there among the evergreen garlands, their tongues moved as busily and they talked in groups of twos and threes about the bride and groom, and various matters connected with the wedding. Some were disappointed that there was to be no wedding party, but only a sober ceremony in bhe church, with, the bride attired in. a travelling suit. What satisfaction could there lie in being a bride if there were no bridal dress to veil or wedding gaiety ? The groom, Mr. Gilbert JWarner, had proposed to give a supper and a reception at the hotel, but Alice had seemed strangely set upon her own. plan of leaving immediately after the ceremony for her future home away in the south. The girls wondered whether Joe Curtis ifpuld be at the marriage. Some thought he would shrink from the ordeal of seeing his old sweet heart the bride of another, while others were of the opinion that Alice's treatment of him had estranged the love he had once felt for her. 'She certainly did treat him shamefully!'' said one of the group which, was standing close to the vestry door. ' We all remember the at tention he paid her, and how she seemed to encourage it. No one doubted it would be a match. ; and for my part I felt awfully sorry for Joe when she came back from the South, engaged to this stranger, Mr. Warner.' ' He's a better matoh for her than Joe Curtis,' said a lively girl, rising and shaking from lier dress the stray leaves that clung to it. ' Not as good looking, perhaps, but he's rich, and Alice can have all she wants if her husband is generous enough to give it to her. Fve often heard her say she would like to have plenty of money ; and for my part I don't blame her. One can bo so much happier with, money. ' I don't believe that Alice is marrying for money,' said a tall dark-eyed girl, with some indig nation in her tone. ' I have observed her, and I am certain that she is more in love with Mr. Warner th.au ever she was -with Joe Curtis. I don't think she ever cared for Joe except as a friend, though she might liave thought so. I tell you, girls, one never knows when one is really in love until the right one comes/* Then there was some more light chatter, and the gay group, ha,ving completed and admired their work, left the church and. dispersed to their homes to prepare for being present at the wed ding ceremony. They did not know tliat their talk had been overheard by a tall dark gentleman who stood just inside the vestry door ; and that their care less words had planted a sharp pang of doubt and jealousy in a heart whicb. an hour before had been brimming over with the happiness of a loving and trusting bridegroom. Mr. Warner and his 'best man' had come quietly to the church, at the request of the clergyman, in order to go through a slight re bearaal necessary to the perfect carrying out of the proposed ceremony. ? The clergyman had not arrived, and while waiting for him and the departure of the ladies who were superintending the decorations, Warner had approached. the vesty door, which stood a little open, and heard the whole conversation on the other side. It was a shock and a revelation to him. Was it possible, he thought, that he had been deceived in 'the fair girl, in -whose love he had go implicitly trusted ? Was it true that she had ever loved, another, or that she was marrying himself, as her thoughtless young friend had hinted, for money ? But then came the words of the grave, tall girl with, the dark eyes, to soothe and reassure Mm. Yes, he would believe Alice true and noble, as he had hitherto thought her, he said to himself, though even at the moment he was conscious of the pang of doubt which, -would intrude itself despite bis resolve. Up at the little Graves homestead jnst on the borders of the village, the bridal party was assembled-^Alice and her six bridesmaids. Tiie sun had set, already, the village church was lighted and the people were wending their way thither, eager to get possession of tke most advantageous places for witnessing the ceremony. Alice, attired in complete travelling costume, was in her own. room. At her request she had been left alone until the carriage should arrive to convey her to -the church. She looked about the cosy l|ttle room, which had been her own, at the little ornamental articles in which she had taken so much pleasure in furnishing it, aud through the open fiide door into the garden. This last was a favorite haunt of hers. At the end of the walk leading from her door was a vine covered arbor, where she had spent many a quiet and happy hour with her books or work. Why should she not take a last look at this spot, and of the flowers which, she had trained over and around it ? It was out of sight of tJie road and of the other part of the house, so no one could see her. ' Slowly and pensively she strolled down the walk — paused for a moment under the arbor; then, approaching the little gate which here opened upon a green lane, she stood looking across the fields toward the woodlands. The souud of Bwiftly-approaobing wheels aroused her. It was Joe Curtis, iu his gig, driv ing rapidly down the lane. Before Alice had time to turn away, he drew up suddenly opposite the gate oa whieh she leaned. ' I don't know that I ought to intrude upon you at suck a time, Alice,' he said ; ' but I have just seen old Aunt Peggy Barnet, and she was speaking of you. Do you know that, as I passed her cabin, the old soul was standing in the door way watching for you ?' ' Watching for me ?' Alice repeated. ' Yes. , £he_ said she knew you would not go away without bidding her goodbye, as she might never again see you.' * A pang of remorse shot through, the girl's heart. How was it that she had been so pre- occupied with her own affairs so as to have forgotten old Peggy B&rnet;, tbe good and Mndly soul whom all the young people called aunt, and with whom Alice had been since her babyhood a special favo rite? ^ . ? ' Oh, if I only had time/* she said, remorse fully. 'I feel as though I never could torgive myself for being so forgetful of the dear old woman,.and she watching for and 'expecting me. 'Joe' she added, looking up hastily, 'do you think you could drive me there and bact; in your gig? It would not take ten minutes, and I—I have an hour before me/' she &4ded, with a blush. ?.If . you choose, Alice/' he answered a little hesitatingly. . . 4 'No one Will' see me; I shall be back before I am missed,' she said in her usual impulsive way. And the next moment she was seated in the gig by the side, of Jler old friend ^nd former lover, speeding down the lane, toward Peggy Barnet's cottage. ' ??.?-?? At the -church every seat was fijled, and an impatient crowd awaited the bride's arrival. It was already past the appointed hour. Two messengers had been dispatched to inquire into the cause of the delay, ana in the vesfcry rooui the groom and big attendants awaited the expected summons. Suddenly Jhe vesfery door opened, and one of the deacons of the church entered, with a face in which ill news was jjalpably written that Gilbert Warner started to bis feet. 'What is it?' he said, quieklv. ' What has happened?' * And thenhe hard what every one in the church Tillage was already lejieating to each other. Alice Graves and. Joe ~Cartis bave run away together. They were seen driving at breakneck speed down the Mill Road in the direction of the station— -to catch the north-bound train, no doubt. . Warner feeard the news in silence, but with white face and set lips. 'You will follow, then, Qf course, some one eaid.-, -...- '. .- ... [...: But he answered coldly : - yCtertainly loot. ;She kas chosen, and I have no wish to interfere.' And he added bitterly, to himself: 'TJiis ,*aa why : .$i© wished to *a married in a travelling drwa.' /; : And when, eome two hooxa thereafter the; southern bound train went shrieking ^ past the nearest station, it bore away among it passen- . gers,. not a happy bridegroom, but a efcern and iisappointed man. ****** Time went on its way, with the changes which time always brings. Five, ten, fifteen years passed, and the village where Alice Graves had lived had prospered, and was fast growing into a little town, with brighter prospects ahead. The little Graves homestead no longer stood alone in the midst of its garden and fruit trees, but was encroached upon by newly- built houses, and a board nailed on the old front porch informed the public that the place was ' For Sale. ' One autumn evening, a tall, grave, middle- aged: gentleman stalked slowly up the street, with his eyes thoughtfully wandering over the faded old house and the neglected grounds. Pausing where a boy was idly swinging on as gate of one of the houses, he said : 'I see the property over there is for sale. Who is the present owner ?' The boy, like most boys, was anxious to give all the information in his power. 'Old Mr. Landon Graves was the owner, but he's dead now — been dead two years — and the place belongs to his dnughter, Miss Alice.' 'Miss Alice? You mean Mrs- — Curtis?' said the gentleman, hesitating at the last name. ' She ain't Mrs. . Curtis. Thaf s my mother's name/1 replied the boy. And a lady who had been standing unseen among the shrubbery came hastily forward. She was tall and dark-eyed and comely, and she looked keenly at the stranger as he stood in the twilight. 'Miss Alice Graves has never married,' she said. ' I suppose you must somehow have heard the old_ story which got about of her running away with Mr. Curtis on the evening she was to have married another. It was all a mistake— ^a false report. She merely rode a short distance with him in his gig, to take leave of an old lady of whom she was very fond. But the horse was young and skittish, and taking fright at Some thing, ran away, throwing them both. out. People believed it to be an elopement, until when, some hours after, they were found on the old mill road — Alice badly bruised, and Joe with his leg broken. The man she was to have married be lieved it, and left her -without s, word. Joe Curtis is my husband now,' she added, with a smile, 'and Alice Graves, though she has not lacked offers, has never married. She could not easily get over a disappointment like that.' ' But why was not lie— rwhy was not Mr. War ren informed ?' inquired tke stranger, in a voice of such suppressed vehemence that the boy turned andlooked at him wonderiugly. 'Alice would not allow it. She was as proud as he ; and when she heard that he had gone, she said — - ' ' If he could believe such a thing of me, it is as well that we should pare. Let him go/ ' But it went to her heart, and, for my part, I think she has never forgotten him.' The stranger made no reply, only pulled his felt hat over bis brow, and Mrs. Curtis added. — 'If you would like to inquire about the place you -will find Miss Graves at home. I saw her upon the porch a few minutes ago.' She watched him as he went slowly down the street. ' He thinks that I did not recognise him. As if I would have said what I did 'about Alice to any one but Gilbert Warner ] And I can see that he has not forgotten her, either. Ah, I hope it may all come right now !' When Gilbert Warner knocked at the door of the old Graves house, it was opened by a fair, graceful, sweet-looking woman, in whom he had no difficulty in recognising his old love, Alice. But it was not until he stood in the full light of the parlor lamp that sbe knew him ; and then' slie involuntarily drew back a step or Wo, and : looked at Mm with a white face, as though she had seen a ghost. [ ' Alice— dou't you know me ?' he said, holding out his hand. ' I know you ; but why do you come here ?' she answered, as though striving to be cold and proud, while her voice faltered and her eyes filled with tears. :- ' I came to ask forgiveness,' lie replied. ' Un til to-day I thought that you had wronged me — ; and you did, Alice, in not letting me know of my7 wretched mistake. So many yea:rs of happiness lost to us both ! Oh, Alice, is*it too late ? May. we not yet be as happy as we once expected to , be ?'' It took some time, some pleading, some humili ation, on Ms part, for high-niinded. Alice had been deeply wounded by his too ready belief in her desertion of him. But still her heart had never rleally swerved from its first real love, no more than had his own ; and when Gilbert War- : nerleft the little town it was as he had hoped to do fifteen years previous — with Alice Graves as his bride. 