THE RE RE DOS AND IMAGE WORSHIP. To the Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sib, — The voluminous correspondence whic® has appeared on the above subjeet has not been so exhaustive as might have been expected from the qualifications und status of various writers. . There yet seems room for ua outsider unconnected with the Episcopalian Churoh, yet jealous ot our common Christianity, to have a Bay, with your permission. 1st. The wording of the second commandment has not received duo attention. That command ment appears to divide itself into two parts — - " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image." This appears to me to condemn th» erection of the " Image in the Roredoa," although those who place it there are innocent of any intention to worship it, and they themselves will' nevor do so. Yet even they may admit so much reverence as will attach some sanctity to it, sa that any injury done to it, or even touch, would be 'sacrilege, yet this subtle reverence may grow- so that when those who erect it are dead and! go no others may worship it. The second part of this great commandment forbids us to bow down, to images which others have made ; and mark I the mere homing down is sin. Statues of Philanthropliists, Patriots, Statesmen- or Warriors are unlikely to ever bocomo the sub jects of idolatrous worship, inasmuch as the men they represent are unconnected with man's salva tion, but the representation of One who is the. oause of our pardon and salvation, must lead in some degree to the worship of suoh image at nieture ; and wo son in the P.mjil Ohnrnh thattln people »ra taught by their priests to believe that there is miraculous power in the images them selves. 2nd. The position of this'Roredos behind tha so- called altar is objectionable, and calculated to excite homage to the image itself. Neither 'an altar nor a priest appear to me to have any part in- the economy of Christ's Churoh. He has offered the one acceptable sacrifice. of Himself, not to be repeated ; and an altar with an officiating priest looks like offering a sacrifice to Him who? needs no -propitiating, but was Himself the one sin offering. In fact thoro are thousands of Ritualistic clergy men waiting the opportunity this erection will. . give them to break God's command by bowing down to the image. As we have no proof that the Lord Jesus ever sat for his portrait, this, representation may not be a likonoss of anything': in heaven or upon earth. The pagans only re garded their idols as representatives of their imaginary gods, and grotesque and hideous as they were, they only differ from modern idols as barbarism differs from modern refinement. Some would argue that in the adornment of the tabernacle and of the temple, God himself sane- tionod and even ordered the breaking of His owa commandment in its strict literal sense. The reply is easy ; no individuals were repre sented, even tho cherubims did not even represent a being or an order of beings, but were symbolical representations of holiness and adorution, and their semi-human form was doubtless intended to show the attitude of man to his Creator, whioh would please the groat Jehovah. Bishop Barry may dilate upon Christian art and its part in extending tho churoh ; but is he not adding to tho wisdom of GodP How is it that the Holy Spirit gave it no place, that Christ in His great commission gave it no place in the propagation of tho glorious gospel ; or that while the fine arts were ilourishing in tho time of the early churoh, so little did primitive christians utilize them that the Papal Churoh has had to use'a statue of Jupiter for Peter, and o. soma goddoss for the Virgin Mary ? 3rd. To the true belie vor in Jcbus such repre-' seutations are unnecessary ; suoh, have CnriaG in their heart, He is enthroned in their dearest affections; they are tho living temples of the Deity. The temples of the Holy Ghost, they need no sculptnred Christ to bring to theft memory One whoso name is an ointment poured forth, and His person to them the sweetest among- ten thousand, and the altogether lovely. Forma lists half believers, one day in the week Christiana or those who only worship in a churoh or temple, may find sentimental food in them, but the. redeemed eons of God never. Lastly, a question may bo asked— May not such representations tend to make Christians or those who are not? to whioh I answer— that would be using a material agency to produce a. spiritual result, or effect a spiritual change, whioh iB contrary to ,reason, and to the whole work on earth of our incarnate Lord, who, al though He wrought many miracles, never worked a spiritual change by material agency. It is not for us to usurp tho vocation of the Holy Ghost, by material or sensuous effect. To those who think God's Word of superior, authority to Churoh precedent or the deliverance of ecolesiastical judgeB, I commend the following passages of tho word of truth : Isaiah 40c, 18 and 25\. Dent. 4e. 12. 23 anrl 24 : and 31 chanter. HUGOENOTL 