TAKING TIME VEEY MUCH BY THE POEELOCK. Historical ' Fast Men,'' mythical or substantial, have had their, day indifferent epochs; and' the tendency to ' shorten up ' distances and periods has so steadily 'increased, as to; almost force the belief that the once dreaded edicts of old .Father Time died out with the 'abolition of the Slave Trade. For years, first place was generally con ceded to the ' gentleman ' who claimed to have done ' sixty minutes under the hour,' until ' an other fellow ' throw that feat behind him by com pleting his ' half hour in five and twenty minutes ?'' but modern appliances in ubo by some Sydney newspapers are daily showing us how illimitable is man s power of control over all things, what soever, supposed td be contained in earth, air, fire, and water. In fact while sitting at the feet o my particular 'Gamaliel' — Ye Daily Telegraph ' — I am painfully reminded that those who taught ' me to repeat Vhommc propose, viaii Dion dispose, have not a little to answer for, in the way of' prejudicial interference with my success in life. After reading that a ' trifle' of Ihreo hundred million gallons of water, had been pumped out of the Botany Engine Dam in a week, and that five million sovereigns were issued from ,the Sydney ? Mint within a month, I'm past astonishment at any figures which can be piled together 'by the controlling genii of those wondrous ' summaries,' ' during the small hours of the morning j but, even so, I was unprepared for the revelation that it is yet within the power of the most volatile ' staffs' ( to report the events of Tuesday, for example, in the breakfast-table edition of the previous day. ' How such an astonisher reached me, may be told thus. On Tuesday, the 18th inst, there were to be races at Bourke, continued also on Wednes day. On Saturday were made the entries, which the far-west correspondent of the D. T. carefully , wired, in time for Monday morning's issue ; but you may guess my astonishment, to find a full, , true (?), and particular report of both days' events, in that Monday's paper; the first, second and third horses being, in each race, the three first in the list of entries, with all the other nags entered given as starters. It was very funny ; and I couldn't help wondering what the Sporting man ' of the establishment-thought when he saw it, for , I believe he; can use bad. French,* on a' pinch. ' He must have co^asigued Mossieurs the sub-editors, and telegraph interpreters , to a warm place. But at ,anyr (rate,, he v/asn't , long, f, before ^he^ had-' his 'revenge' to some' 'extent1/ -^fbr 'the «pportunityi of filching- a, whole-race,- report,, free, gratis, for nothingj was tbTo' good to be lost' by 'Ye Nooze' of Market-streeti, and- into the pitfall tumbled one of the - sporting scribes _ of that evening necessity. Now, I'll acknow.r^ ledge that, if. I have a weakness it, is for ' Ye Nooze' ; and the only thing I wondered ' at was, that along with the account of the races' there wasn't a ' brevity' calling attention to the splendid large fields for every race. Per-, haps the funniest part of ' Ye Nooze' disaster was that the sporting scribe didn't discover that the two principal races of the meeting were not mentioned ; as the two big handicaps, having been* entered for long ago, were not . among the general entries made on Saturday. I've heard jokes about the play of Hamlet without Hamlet ; but the, Bourke Eaces, without the two big handicaps!,' would have been as bad as the play with the Prince and the Ghost both left out. It's by no means unlikely that the D. T. officials wired ithe bogus news to their reciprocating bre thren oi 'Ye Melbourne Age'; which would complicate matters notla little; and I do remember that a similar grophus occurred .two years agoy Iwhen ye D. T. published in June, a day's racing ?at Wagga, which had been held and duly pub-' dished just a month before.' That time 'Ye Age ' was ' had;' and — horror of horrors ! my' little friend of . '. Ye Goulburn Herald,' who wouldn't for worlds ' filch a par ' without ac^ iknowledgment, jumped at the tempting bait, .as' coming from our own' correspondent — which was as f good a bowl out as ; I ever knew.— Yours, - ? ?KOSMOSi- 