HENRY DUNBAR; OR, MURDER WILL OUT. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XL. FLIGHT. (Continued.) Foe the first time since Margaret had entered the roem terror took possession ol Wilmot. Until now he had listened attentively, anxiously ; but the ghastly look o£ f ear and horror was new upon his face. Ho had defied discovery. There waa only one thing that could bo used against him— the bundle of clothes, the marked gar ments ol tho Himdeved men— those fatal gar ments which he hnd boon unable to destroy, which he had only boon able to hide. These thingo alone could give evidence against him ; but who should think oS: searching for these things ? Again and again he had thought o£ the bundle at the bottom of the stream, oaly to laugh at the wondrous science of discovery which had slunk back baffled hj so slight a mystery, only to fancy the water- rats gnawing the dead ajan'n garments, and all tho ooao and slime creeping in and out amoagat the folds until the rotten rags became g part of the sank river-weeds that crawled and tangled around them, He had tb.ougb.fc this, and tho knowledge thai strangers had heen buay on that spot, dragging the water— t'hs dyaad£ul water that ao often flowed through Ilia dreamo — with, uot obo, trafc a thousand dead xacoa looking up and grinning at him through tho atroam — tho tidiagathataaeareh had been made thes.1©, came upon liim like a thunderbolt. ' Why did they di-ag tlio 'rotor ?' ko oriod again. His daugbtor van friending at a lifrclo diotaaeo from him. Sho bad never gone close up to him, and she bad receded a little — involuntarily, as a woman obvinlra away from some animal aho io frightened o£ — v/henovor ho had approached her. Ho know ihio — yos, amidsfc every other conflicting thought, this man was conscious that his daughter avoided' hiaa. ' Tboy dragged tho water,' Margaret said ; ' I walked oboTit—that place— under the elms— all the day — only one day — but it seemed to last for ever. I was obliged to hide myself — and to keep at a distance, for Clement was there all day ; but as it grew dusk I ventured nearer, and found out what they were doing, and that they had not found what they were searching for ; but I did not know yet what it was they wanted to find.' ' But they found it !' gasped the girl's father ; ?' did they find it ? Come to that.' ' Yod, they found it by and bye. A bundle of rego, a boy told me— a boy who had been about with the men all day—' a bundle of rags it looked like,' be 9aid ; but be heard the constable oay that those rags were the clothes that bad belonged to the murdered man/ ' What, then P What nest ?' ' I waited to hear no more, father ; I ran all the way to Winchester to the station— 1 was in time for a train, which brought me to London— I came on hj the mail io B-ugby— and — ' ' Yes, yea ; I know— and you are a brave girl, a noble girl. Ah ! my poor Margaret, I don't think I should have anted that man so mneh if it hadn't been £o? the thought of you— I your lonely girlhood — your iiopeies:?, joyless existence— and all through him— all through the J man who ruined mo at the oufcset or ray life. But C:I -won't talk— I daren't talk : they have | found the clothes ; they know that the man who f waa murdered waa Henry Dunbar — they will be j. here — lot ma tkiak — let me think how I can get 3WGV *' Ho clasped both Ms hands upon his head, as if by fores of their iron grip he could steady j bia mind, and eleai5 away the confusion of ilia jj brain. Ei'om the first day on which be bad taken pbsosssion of the dead man's property until this moment lie had lived in perpetual terror of the eriois which bad aow arrived. There was no possible form ov manner in which lie bad Hot jj imagined tbs situation. There wan bo prepare- j tiou in hia power to make that he bad left on- j made. But ho had hoped to anticipate the ! dreaded hour. He had planned his Sight, and j meant to leave M'audealey Abbey for over, in j the first hour tbr,t found Mm capable of travel- j ling. He had planned his flight, and had started on that wintrv afternoon, when the Sab- jj bath bells had a muffled sound, as their sols mo jj peals floated across the guow — Iio bad started | on his journey with the intention or never again j returning to Maudesley Abbay. He had meant g to leave England, and wander far away, through j all manner of unfrequented' district?, choosing j places to at wove moat difficult of approach, and j least affected hy English travellers. j He bad meant to do this, and had calculated that bis conduct would be, at the worst, con sidered eccentric ; or perhaps it would be thought scarcely unnatural ia a lonely man, whone only child had married into a higher sphere than ins own. He had meant to do this, and by-and-bye, j when he had been losfc sight of by the world, to hide himself tinder a new name and a new na tionality, ao that ri ever, by Dome sti'auge fatality, by somo awful interposition of Pro rrirlavina i\\\n n/!(il'At A? RflSlVlT T)nn1iP.v'fl f!flflf;I- should ooms to light, the murderer would be ao entirely removed from human knowledge as \l iho gvavs had closed ove.v Mm. and bidden him foL1 ever. | Tliia ia the gqui'dq tticfc Joaepb. Wilmot bad planned for iiiinnalf. There bad been plenty of time foi1 hiaa to think and plot in tho long nights that ho had spent in those splendid rooms — tiaose noble chambers, whose grandeur bod been more hideous to him, than the blank walla of a con« j demned cell ; whose atmosphere had seemed | moro suffocafcing1 tliaa the fcetid vapoura oi: a £over-taiated den in St. Giles's. Tho pas sionate, revengeful yearning of v, mivu^ who b.ns been cruelly Injured and betrayed, the common greed of wealth engendered out of joovorty'D 'alow toi'ture, had arisen rampant in ibio man's bueaat at tho sight of Heury Dunbai1. By one liidoouo desd hoth pacsionn were grati fied ; end Joseph Wilmot, the bank-messenger, tho confidential valet, the forger, tko eonvicfc, iho tieket-of-leave saau, the peunilecs reprobate, bseamo inastei' of a million oL: money. You, lie bad dono this. He had entered Wiu choator on that August aftornoon, with a fo\7 Govei'oignEi and a handful of silver in bis pocket, and with a M'o oi: poverty and degradation before him. Ho bad left tho same town eMei: partner in the firm of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby, and sole owaor of IVIaudocley Abbey, the Yorkshire estates, and the house in Portland Place. Susely this was the very triumph, of crime, a master-stroke of villainy. But bad the villain ever known one moment's happiness since the commission of that deed — one moment's peace one moment's freedom from a slow, torturing anguiab. that was like the gnawing of a ravenous beast for ever preying on his entrails? The author of the Opium-Eater suffered so cruelly from some internal agony that ho grew at last to fancy there was indeed some living creature iDside him, for ever torturing and tormenting him. This doubtless was only the fancy of an invalid ; but what of that undying serpent called Remorse, which coils itself about the heart of the murderer, and holds it for ever in a deadly grip — never to beat freely again, never to know a painless throb, or feel a sweet ©motion? In a few minutes — while the rooks were cawing in the elms, cad the green leaves flut tering in the drowsy summer air, and the blue waters rippling ia the sunshine and flecked by the shadows— Joaepb. Wilmot had done a deed which had given bim the richest reward that a murderer ever hoped to win ; and had so trans formed his life, so changed the vary current of ! his being, that he went ^S7cj out of that {rood, aot alone, bufc dogged step by step by a gaunt, stalking creature, a hideous monster that echoed Ms every bre&tb;, end followed at his shoulder, and clung about Mm, and grappled his throat;, and weighed liim down ; s horrid thing, which, had neither sbape no? name, and ' yet wore every shape, and took every name, and j was the ghost of, the deed chafe lie bad dono. Joseph Wilmot stood for a few moments with bis hands clasped upon bis bond, and then, the shadows faded from his face, which suddenly became fised and resolute-looking. The first thrill of terror, the first shock of surprise, were j ov6i\ This man never had heen and. never j could be a coward'. Ha was ready now for the f worst. Ifc may be that be was glad the worst bad eome. He had suffered such unutterable anguiab, sueb. indescribable tortures, during the time iu which his guilt bad been unsuspected, that it may have been a kind of relief to know that Ms sscrefc was discovered, and that he was free to drop the mask. While be paused, thinking what lie was to do, some lucky thought eaise to him, foi? his face brightened ctaddenly witk a triuoapliant amilo. jj c The horse ! ' I-.o naicL ' I may lid©, iaougb j I can'fc T/alk. ' |! 'H.3 took up Me caae, and v/enfc to the siext -j voom, whore tham waa a door that opened into tho quadrangle, in which the master of the | Abbey bad caused a loose bos to bo built for j bis favourite horse. Margaret followed her | father, not closely, but at a little distance, j watchiug him with anxious, wondering eyes. He unfastened the bale-glass door, opened it, | and went out into the quadrangular garden, the jj quninfc old-fashioned garden, where tfie flower- j) beds we?:e primly dotted oa tho smooth grass- ! plot, in the centre of which there was a marble ? basin, and the maeihinery of a little fountain that had never played v/itMn the memory of living i naan. | ' Go 'back for tlie lamp, Margaret, ' JoEspli | Wilmot whispered. ' I aiuat have light, ' Tho girl obeyed. She bad left off trembling now, and carried the shaded lamp an steadily as it she had been bent on ncaie simple womanly errand. She followed her farther into the garden, and went with him io the loose bos where the hoi'se woo to be found. Tho animal know Mg masts;;1, even in that un certain light. There wac gas laid on in tho mil lioaah'e's stables, and a low je£ bad been left burning by the groom. Tho itorso plunged Ms bead about Ma saaafcev's shoulders, and shook his mane, aad reared, and disported Mmself in Ms delight afc soeing Mg old friend once more, and it was only Joseph Wil mot' q soothing band and voice tliafc subdiiGcl the animal's exuberant spirits. c Steady, boy, steady ! quiei;, old follov/ .'' Joseph said, in a whisper. 'Ihvee oi1 four aaddlec and bridles hung upon a rack in one corner of the omall stable. Joseph Wilmot selected tho things he wanted, and be gau to GEddle tka bores, supporting MmDolf on hie cane no fee did so. The groom slept in iho houao now, by hia vQnGtor'o' oi'dei'o, and fchore v/as ho oxso within bearing. The horao was sriddled and bridled in five minutes, and Joseph Wilmot led him out of the stable, followed by Margaret, v/ho still carried the lamp. There was a low iron gate leading out of the quadrangle into iho ground. JouopH led tho horse to this gate. ' Go back and gofc mo my coat,' ho paid to Margaret ; you'll go faster than I can. You'll find a coat lined with fur on a chair in the bed room.' His daughter obeyed, silently and quietly, as sho had done before, The rooms all opened one , into the other. She saw .'the bedroom with the (?all, gloomy bedstead, the light of the fire flickering here and there. She set the lamp ' down upon a table in this room, and found the fur- lined coat her father had sent her to fetch. . There was a purse lying on a dressing-table, with sovereigns glittering through the 2 silken net-work, and the girl snatched it up as she hurried away, thinking, in her innocent sim plicity, that her father might haveinothing but those few sovereigns to help him- in his .flight, She went back to him, carrying the bulky over coat, and helped Mm to put it on in placeof the dressing-gown he bad been wearing. He had taken his hat before going to the stable. ' Here is your purse, father,' she said, thrust ing it into Ms hand ; ' there is something in it, but I'm afraid there's aot very much. How1,1 will you manage foiJ money where you are going ? ' , 1 Oh, I shall manage very well.' ; He had got into the saddle by this time, not without considerable difficulty ; but though the fresh air made Mm feel faint and dizzy, he felt himself a new miva novj that the horse was j under Mm— the brave horse, the creature that j loved him, whose powerful stride could carry him almost to the other end of the world ; as it seemed to Joseph Wilmot in the first triumph of being astride the animal once more. He put Ms '.hand involuntarily to the belt that was strapped round him, as Margaret asked that question j about tho money. c Oh, yes/ he said, ' I've money enough — I am all right.' ' But where are you going ?' she asked, eagerly. The horse waa tearing up the wet gravel, and making furious champing noises in Ms im patience of all this delay. ' I don't know,' Joseph^ Wilmot answored ; ' that will depend upon — I don't know. Good night, Margaret. God blea3 you ! I don't sup pose He listens io the prayers of such as me. If He did, it might have been all different long ago — when I tried to be honest!' ' '',', Yes, this was trno ; the murderer of Henry Dunbar had oueo tried to ba honest, and had prayed to God to prosper his honesty ; but then ho only tried to do right ia a spasmodic, fitful kind of way, and expected his orayers to be * granted as soon as they were asked, and wag indignant with a Providence that seemed to be ' deaf to Ms entreaties. He had always lacked that sublime quality of patience, which endures ., the evil day, and calmly breasts the storm. ' Lot me go with you, father,' Margaret said, ia an entreating voice. * Let me go with you. There is nothing in all the world for me, except tho hope of God's forgiveness for you. I want to be with you. I don't want you to be amongst bad men, who will harden your heart. I want to be with you — far away — where ? ' ' You with me ?' said Joseph Wilmot, slowly ; e you wish it ?' 1 With all my heart !' 'And you're true,' he cried, bending down to grasp his daughter's shoulder and look her in ihe face, ' you're true, Margaret, eh ?— true as oteol ; ready for anything, no flinching, no quail ing or trembling when, tho danger comes. You've stood a good deal, and stood it nobly. Oau you stand still more, eh ?' ' ¥01' your cake, father, for yous? sake ! yes, yec, I will brave anything in the world, do any- ??' thing to aave you from — ' She shuddered as she remembered what the ? danger was that assailed him, the horror from which flight could save him.. Bo, ao, no ! that could never be endured at any coot ; at any sacrifice he aaust be oavod from that. No strength of womanly fortitude, ho trust in the mercy of God, could over make her resigned aa to that. ' I'll trust yon, t/Iargarst,' said Joseph Wil mot, loooeuiag his grasp upou the girl's choul dor ; 'I'll trust you/ Haven't I reason to trust you P Didn't I 020 your mother, on tho day when oho found out what my history was ; didn'fc I see tho colour fade out of her face till she was whiter than tho linen collar round her - neck, and in tho ne:;t moment her arms were about me, and her honest eyes looking up in my face, as olio cried, I shall never love you less,, deav ; there's nothing in this world can make me.' '. -.» love you less !' Ho paused for a moment. His voice had) ??' ;- j.t, , -. _,- ' ' ' . .',.* . ?? ? '.us: .? :?' grown thick - and ' husky ; but he broke out violently in the next instant. . ' . v'.Ghreat Heaven ! why do I stop talking like this ? - Listen to me, Margaret ; if you want to see the last of me, you must' find your way, somehow or other, to Woodbine Bottage, near Iiisford— on the Lisford ' Road, I think. Find your way there— I'm going there now, and shall . bethere long before you — you 'understand ?' ~r'} 'Yes ; Woodbine Cottage, Lisford — I shan't forget! God speed you, father!— Gk-d help you !', 'He is the God of sinners,' thought the wretched girl. ' He gave Cain a long lifetime in which to repent of his sins.' \- Margaret thought this as she stood at the gate, listening to the horse's hoofs upon the \- gravel road that wound through the grounds away into the park. ' ' ij She was very, very tired, but had little' 'sense of her fatigue, and her journey was by no mean finished yet. She did not once look back' at Maudesley Abbey— that stately and splendid mansion, in which a miserable wretch had acted his part, and endured the penalty of his guilt, for many wearisome months. She went away hurrying along the lonely , footpaths, with the night breezes blowing her loose hair across her eyes, and half blinding her as she went — to find the gate by which she had entered' the park. She went out at this gateway because it was the only point of egress by which she could leave the park without being seen by the keeper of a lodge. The dim morning light was grey in the sky before she met any one whom she could ask to direct her to Woodbine Cottage ; bat at last a man came out of a farmyard with a couple of milk-pails, and directed her to the Lisford Road. , It was broad daylight when she reached the little gardengate before Major Vernon's abode. It was broad daylight, and the door leading into, the prim, little hall was ajar. The girl pushed it open, and fell into the arms of a man who caught her as she fainted. '?Poor girl, poor child !' said Joseph Wilmot ; ' to think what she has suffered. And I' thought that she would profit. by that crime ; I thought that she would take the money, and be content to/Jeare the -mystery' unravelled. My poor child ! my poor, unhappy child !' ,? . , ? ' ,The man who had murdered Henry D unbar wept aloud over the white face of his uncon scious daughter. - - ., * Don't let's have any of that fooling,' cried ? a harsh voice from the little parlour,; 'we've no time to waste on snivelling ! (To be continued.) 