JOHN ABBERTONI THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. (Continued from our last.) Of course I do,' he retorted, jeeringly. 'Think I dona' know you, sir, hey? Better believe Idol What! Would yer?" With this he raised his left hand to ward off the blow he shought I was about to strike him. I countered, and hit him under his jaw with a strengththhat fairly liitedhim off the ground, only to d posit him on his back upon the gravelled pathway. My father, among other matters, had taught me boxing, and in my course through life I have found it a very useful accomplishment. However, this heavy youth was no cur. He got up. and " shaped" in a clumsy sort of fashion, bat with each energy that he split his tight fitting jacket up the back. He was no match for me, so that in the course of five minutes I had given him a beautiful pair of black eyes and a tap upon his snub nose, which did him more good in the direction of phlebotomy than any surgeon's skill ould have accomplished with lancet or ncupping . "That's enough," said he, dolefully, as the blood streamed from his nose. " ly word I here's a preiouas shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. O , no, rather nhot ! And won't -you get piseon. "I shouldn't say so; Well. , dendycjsaketbasted. eood-bye, Barnaby, \- my boyi TYou're toslet Tenders ivite&. 'Cos why ? You're as good 'as eaked. Ivmous I there's the missas," with which he Sclunk into the shadow of the wall. But not before thelynx eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory manner, and he obeyed. A shout of laughter I rang from my lips as I beheld him shuffling towards the good lady his unwholesome, pasty looking face besmeared with blood, his jacket split from "stem to stern," his long and crooked legs at last a foot too tar through his trousers. He looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court of his kind. To nay that horror and indignation were alternately reflected on my aunt's coun tenane is to say nothing. The impression which her looks, her attitude, her fired stare at Barnaby conveyed to me, was, that she was in evident doubt as to whether she was not the victim of some optical illusion. Doubtless, she considered whether it was really possible that any person could have so out raged the sacred character of her domain as to ctrike one of her servants. Slowly her gaze turned from Barnaby' battered face to mine. It was smiling and genial. I approached, doffed my cap, and bowed to the lady. "I am distressed, Madam," said I, " that. owing to your servant's insolence, I have been comnelled to chastise him." "Then you--you, sir, have been guilty of this outrage?" I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, accompanied by a dark, fat, heavy-looking gentleman in clerical garb. joined my aunt on the balcony. "'What is the matter, my dear Ellen?' said the heavy cleric, whom I at once Identified as the Rev. Mr. Porter. "Matterl" exclaimed the lady. "Matter ennough. A preiousyouth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." My father did so, and burst into a fit of laughter. Nor was the Reverend Mr. Porter unimpressed by the ludicrous aspect of his page,. who, in good truth, looked, with his swollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapi dated garments, very much like a defeated and demoralised danghill rooster. To say that the lady was disgusted is to say little She cast an indignant glance at her husband, and then, muttering some remark under her breath, teltked away. Mr. Porter told Bsrnaby to go to his room, and . wash his face, and I joined my father. * "WWellmaster ack ," said he--" this sort of thing won't do. You are already in ead disgrae with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, th fellow was mont insolent. He called me a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thie." "Then," interrupted the reverendMr. Porter with emphas's "I cannot blame yoo. Yon served him right. The fiat is, my wifo spoils that lout, and btwecen ourselves, I'm not sorry that master re p'grace here, has taught him a lesson. There goes the luncheon bell." With this, he led the way, while my father pinching my ear, whispered to me that he was not angrv. but on the contrary pleased by the epirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all I eored for, I sit down to luncheon in a very hosny frame of mind. With my usual Iaudacity I joined readily in the eonvereaton which was somewhat slowly carried on by the seniors at the table. I addreoed myself to my cau;ios with easy familiarity; and was in no sense deterred from this course by the efforts they made to Schek ine. - My aunt preserved the most frigid dem'anour towards me. This however, I did not rffect to notice. Indeed, it afforded ie some plasure to ignore her contemptuous bearing tloards me. and to take every oppor tunity of addressing myself to her ; in this I was encourap-d by observing that my father took the ene, and enjoyed the misohief. ."Why do you call that gravo yard a garden. aunt' said I as I trifled with the leg of a chicken. Mrs Porter stared; my rs,,eri,"- ?. thn nerood yMr Porter loonnked frightened, and the girls glanced appre hensively at thcie mother The High Church butler however, turned aside to hide a smile. My tactics were evidently to his taste. "I call it a garden, little boy, because it is a garden' at length answered my aunt. I laughed. "A garden l" I echoed. "I counted seven daisies, all of which were in urticulo mortis, a debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or eo of demoralised looking wall-flowers. A garden, aunt !" " You are impertinent, little boy," said my aunt with some irritation. "I presume that we may expect to find ourselves and our whole surroundings subject to your criticism." "Nay," I answered deprecatingly, "I did not mean to offend.you aunt. I was about to propose that ou, should permit me to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little er no sun reaches it, I i, not doubt that I could make it bloom." "Come now," cried the good Mr'Porter; "that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." "A sprat to catch a mackerel" grumbled the lady. "We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault upon my page." "I was jealous ofhisfavor with you aunt." I answered demurely. She could not help joining with the others in the laugh which folloeed; and in this humor left ns. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinckle. If we reach the school by four o'clock we shall find him disengaged. Thinwe did. Having seen the Cathedra and litened to Dr Porter's dissertation thre on, we repaired to Dr Wrinokle, whom w found a meek and crushed out sort of litti! gentleman with a kindly face and nervou Smanner- one of those men who, havior married a stronter nature, at one yieldopallperaonality into her hands. - "My boy," said my father," it strikes ni that the grey.ym e is the better hone. 'A the same timesthere is no qoestion whlch i the more worthy. I lbke the Doctor. II comes iprith us to- nlght." GCHAPTEB V. The two gentlemen'now-aceompanieodea for a walk through the principal streets o the town, in the ounrse of wblehl.we were in troduced to sevenal other clerical gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the lhverend Dotot Porter or the Ioverend Djtor SWrinohkls. Any body who may have relded in a Cathedral town in England will remem bher there types,. and will, I am sure, asequB me of any exaggeration in my description r these representatives. Clerical life in n..' towns has been ably dealt with by the 1.' I Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic o English life, and is seen nowhere else than i. Cathedral cities. And it bears with it the. sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism ane dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere el discovered in the c'urehes, save in th Church of England. The parsons of thi church may be prejudiced,proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their poll tical opinions, but they are essentially gentle men. At least this is my conelasion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The doctors too, accompanied us to the Guild Hall. over which ancient building we were shown by the Town Clerk, a gentlemran, by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And preeontly we returned to Dr.Porter's residence, where we partook of some slight refreshment, and where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the page, had been pot to bed, and that leeches had been applied to his swollen optics. "Which I will any, ir,." remarked the butler"they are orelL The ladies in the kitchen, air, are delighted. For if ever there was a pup as needed kickin', that there Bar. naby's one. Buot sir,bless yer,'tis as much as our places is worth to say aword acio him; Misans is no took up with the hugly himp." It will be. seen by the reader that I had created some interest in the minds of those with whom I had come into contact. And this sas what I desired. I could never bear to remainin the baekgroun~.. iMy polioy has ever been to peius?y-?mF-twthe front, as I believe I shall show in the nourse of this narrative. Biddinsp Dr. Porter farewell for the present, Dr. Wr tnckla and my father and myself left the house, and walked down the high street. Here the Doctor parted with us. "You will be prompt to half.paest six. Doctor 7" said my father. "Remember, no apology can excuse a man who keeps a dinner waiting." "True, true. I shall be there to the minute, Captain," and then the little man walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. "A decent little gentleman, Jack," said my father. "What a pity one cannot say as much of the gentlewoman, his wile." "She is an ogre," I cried. "And did you see her moustache, air n " "Faith I did, Jack; there was no need for a mieroacoe to do that." Thenhe rang the bell, and summoned toe laue;o r, ln,. f elpse. Mr. Becker was the very type of an Eoglish boniface of olden days. His countenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He was stout and hearty, and red of tare. and of husky voice. He looked as though he had been anckled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from his very advent into this world. He listened to my father's instruo tions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. Wrinckle-an excellent and most learned gentleman-- yoorself, nir, and your son. At half-past six o'clock. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the pre peration of the feast. At six o'cloek precisely came the doctor, scrupuloausly attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a mummy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he conveyed the impression that he had been let off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with smiles. He laughed and chucklled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar circom stances. At half past im o'cleck eMr. Beaker an nounced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work of art. A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then came clear soup, followed by some delicious soles fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Ahaunch of Welch mutton came next with'a counple of tasty entrues. Some snipe served on toast, some capital sweets, to which, with a youngster's palate for cureh matters. I paid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what the Doctor thought of the matter, but I cer tainly judged from the expression of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the domestic economy of his hou'ehold explained to me that our little dinner musthave been a revela lion to him. "Well" said the Doctor, as he sat back in his chair, and eurreptitiously loosened three buttone of his waitceoat. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hos pitality is overpowePring." "Ah," said the Doctor. smacking his lips. " an excellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. He Ie he He was an emphatic personage truly." '"We should bave heard but little of him, Doct:or," said my father, " had it not been for his toady, Boswell." "Positively you ae correct," returned the Doctor, as he drank off another bumper. "Boswell's tittle-tattle is most entertaining,' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the little gentlemen courteously accepted the offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously placed an olive in his mouth. He puckered up his eyes, twiated his lips, and expressed in his face the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had placed in his mouth. "Ahem I" said he, "really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them in Virgil, but positively never have I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." "Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, the impression conveyed to me when I first ate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors call" bilge water." But olives flavor one's wine im mensely." "Do they, now," said the Doctor, dubiously. "&umph; I think that I prefer the wine with~ut the olives," and he dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, so innocent in his ways that really it was im possible to check-the impulse of friendehip towards him. And, presently, as the wine mounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloe and Stechron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us some little stories of his early college days, when he was "a naughty boy, sir, and a sad. young dog." In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits were of that elastia kind which is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to thI door an admiring audience of waiters and cbambermaide. "Now, Jack," said he, as ho finished 'The Old Temeraire.' Come, boy. L"t us have vour song. Sing us one of the ditties eonsieur Tondeur tanght yon," and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Berancer's "~Le ain et la Coguette," singing the ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Doctor's face was a study. - "Bless my soul l" he said, presCently, tmU int to my father, whose eyes were dancing, and whoso lips trembled from suppressed mirth. "W?bere did the lad learn snch a ang. "Saench too. Well I'm rusty as to French --but still, humph;" and he shook his head and drank off another glass of claret. My. father laughed aloud. "A young scamp, eh I Lototer," he cried. "You mnst teaooth him to forget his Bohemian edocation. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," said the Doctor, gravely, hold ing up one hand in deprecation. "I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and has picked up many matters which perhaps it would have been well he shoold not have learned. But serious study will soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court to the claret. He had paessedfrom the first to the second stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, he had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh opon ten o'clock, and the Doctor protested that he most return. "A married man, air," he said, with some thing very like a hiccough. "I must keep good hours. Bless me--what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to inform me-inform me-how many there. are of you," and he gazed piti. ouely at my father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened end denly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered the room with the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her hus band and seized his collar. "Pretty goings on, truly," she said, "ten o'clck and not abed yet." and she tuRged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that species of valour which is known as Dutch courage. He struggled to his feet.-. ." Madam," said he, "what means this unseemly conduct ? Are you aware who I amt who l'am i" "Come along," said the lady,."who.you are. you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bar leeque upon a man.. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a sudden tog and the little Doctor disappeared with his captor throough the door.. My father shook with laughter. " There, Jack," said he, " there you behold an illustration of the influence of lovely wouan. I do not thick that your mamma could have distinguishedherrelsno graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to-morrow morning. We shall not see each other for rome time to come, after we start for the other end of the world." and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself upon the bed and wept bitterly. A sensc of loneliness and desolation seized opon mes; I felt forthe Ofat time In my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morning when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full of tenderness and solicitation met mine he smiled. "Come Jack." he cried, "up with you, I have only an hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you dress I'll have a litte talk with you. I jumred up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds.. - " Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this large fortune. Bat you will need a little money.. A I understand, there are some youngsters at this schoolwhose friend. ship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, which man be o readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therefore, and you may turn younr twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip." Then he was silent, eitling by the window, looking abroad with that self-contained look which tells that the influence of all exterior matters are unfelt. He was very graveduring breakfast, and said but little more as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me. and we parted. elind with the tears I in vain sought to control, I made my way back to the hotel, and there, 'getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me the day before. . felt its influene tenfold to-day. A shedder thrilled me as I walked up the damp bsteps and rang the hell. The High Church butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTER VI. I Ass COnED. Beceived with formal cordiality by my aunt and her family, I sat down to the break fast, which they were careful to inform me theyhad delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, fairly furnished, however, and looking aut upon the Cathedralyard. Itwas now nine o'clock, and I hastened to school, the duties of which had already commenced ere I arrived. The little doctor looked somewhat shame. faced as I saluted him, but as I was careful to preserve the utmost respect in my demeanour towards him he soon became at ease. and questioned me as to my acquire. monte. He told me that I must commnaue forthwith the study of the classics, concern. ing the value of which he was most enthusi. antio. "The modern languages my dear boy," said he, "come afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he added, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know more than I can teach you." With this he handed me my books and con. douted me to my class desk at the lower end of the large hall which served for the school room. I was mortified to find that my class. mateswereinall casesmy superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to acquire the position held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my curiosity in respect to my school-fellows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Crsmar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as Ipossessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for con centrating my thought and energies npon any subject which I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the class was called up. The Doctor was very pleased. "I see, I see,' said he, " you and I will get along together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock the work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play.ground whither I followed them. I was instantly sar. rounded. " How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. "What's you dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. "Let us cob him. Fine or cob, fine or gob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on the ground. "Now new boy, said the big fellow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his hand kerohief. " It is the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. You have the option oa buying off, yenou know," and he stood over me ready to strike. I was furious, and setting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. "Tmrn him on his face lade," cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy stroek me with his pocket handkerchief, chanting the while. ' "New boy, new boy, why has he come to us? Cobhim,eob him, pugnie et letiba. 80 he'll learn, so he'll learn docendo docimuo ; Let him know, that we rule, yropri gue marf. hus. It was with the greatest diff?ulty that I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At last; however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and ystrnkhim with my beht strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. "Now," said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, "you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with this I walked off. A I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we sat down to luncheon, "and how did you get on to-day. "Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed of a slice of ham. "Sir, I had to thrash one belly, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked-at me, aghast. "I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg,) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble.. Yoou had not been in Exeter an: hour'ere you blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that he is now npresentable." "I fancy," said I, "that my friend the bully is in a similar fixr by this time. The fart is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon." "In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententioausly, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insnlts1 manyJmpesitions. "I don't think I'shall." I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at me, proceeded to cut me a minute slice of ham. "Thanks" said I, "another slice please. School work makes a fellow hungry." " The ghost of a grave smile was to be seen for a moment upon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed me myplate; and I was not displeased to note that Llian the youngest and fairest of my cousins; was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared -atTme hanghtily. Imet her gaze. - : - "What i it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent" "ZYou are sight, madam," I answered, ' though why the thougho should havecaused you to stare so at me, I do not understand." "Then you have less wit than I give you credit for," shereplied. "Possibly, madam," was my answer, "I doubt not however, that my residence, here will serve to sharpen it. But as to-your uodioious observation concerning the imps. dense of the modern boy, I quite agree .with you. He is an audacious young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is so. The modern boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face so I delivered this little address. Always heavy and stupid of aspect, his visage now ex pressed the utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. He set down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, ter frown grew darker she heek arplyrejoined, "You talk too mncb, S!r, - for a little boy. Children should Isten, not speak." "Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. AndI soppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to me: "POen barbs p-ca viruenzra," and I drank my small beer with an air. nAndwhat may that mean young Sir," saidmy reverend host, at laat.r ndlo-hie tongue. . - - " "Little beard little shame," I laughed, as I glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were dancing. "Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your beard grows the better for your modesty." And with this Parthian shot she arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was evident that our relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with her brood, the reverend fMr. Porter called me to him. "Have a glass of wine my boy," said he. 'And I like you none-the-lees for your -mpudence," and the reverend gentleman :bocked. "To tell you the truth," headded, ' you are the first who has ever had the courage to tackle her. It seems a strange thing for the master of the house to say, iaster Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a rifle overbearing. In ashort, I don't like her iemper. - "And so," I laughed, " you rather enjoy he spectacle of another's rebellion egainet the lady's eccentricities." - : (To be continued). 