Foet's Corner: THE MEASURELESS DEEP. I TIrmK sometimes that the silence itself has a soundless ghost,.' A stillness deeper than ocean, 'where gather the countless host Of shades that are shades' reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfathomed which never in words find room. There are thoughts which move 'at mid night too deep for a vision's reach ; There are; waves deep down in silence,' too strong for the grasp of speech:;' And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of space Too far to impress reflections or `shades on a mortal face. We know ix the silent chambers the beats of a distant hearts tM We have seen with an :inner vision the curtains of silence part, And far. in the shaded distance have read, as on magni scroll, .''"-. . . The words .no sound ,could 'utter, ad dressed to ant earnest soul There are things so deep and sacred they flee the approach of sound, There are ideas pure and holy no natural hedgerows bound, And somewhere, we adjusted, unseen,'un' heard, intense, Are the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know. Whilethe viewless mystic currents sweep by 'in their endless flow, While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly wings, And a song too sweet' for language its jubilant-anthem brings. The grandest truth. of the ages have en tered the heart like this, The things we can never utter producing the greatest bliss ? Mysterious intuitions, swift.shades of a shadow thought, Have flooded the' soul twith sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. We know -'there are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a some thing so far beyond/ That it. reaches us. ins soul waves, too delicate far; for touch, That the brighest words; are heavy and burden theniovezrn'uch. So we learn its , beautious wisdom.g Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the graspjof'solund, In a place whire God hath guarded with a silence 'most profound. Then welcome -the mystio message, the peace beyond all compare, p Too sweet. to be.* grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer;, The sign of a higher.;presence, a rapture 'which may not cease Tillit reach the great Nirvaiia and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some timeto be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bounds of speech. Conveying a soundless.i message to the *waiting souls on the beach. So the soul receives its inessage, by a route we may.not trace,::. From the depthsiwhere'fathomless silence. broods ever in endlesas space; Where the finate may 'not measure with itsapuny. rule and rod ' The truths whichithe soul receiveth direct from the heart of God. J. EDGAR JONES. 