TIER SPEECHES. In opening the proceedings the CHAIRMAN€ (Mr. J. C. Ellis) said the position he was in was a very pleasing one, .and under the circumstances :there was a large amount of honour attache d to leading a. the present cere .mony, which was one illustrating the advance Newcastle had made as much as anything which had taken place for some years. Three years past he was present at a somewhat similar ceremony, viz., the cstablishment of the.Honeysuckle ffire Brigade and christening of one of their enginei. The engine then christened was not like the one before them, although a very good and suitable one of its kind. On that occasion he was only a visitor, but on this occasion he was present as the head of the asso ciation, and therefore said, and said feelingly, that there was a good deal of honour -attached to the position, and he was just as proud that day as when he was first elected member for Newcastle. Since the inauguration of, the Honeysuckle Fire Brigade it had been characterised right through by a large amount of energy and self-denial on the gart of its members, and there was no institution in New ~South Wales financial'y or otherwise in a mor prcsperous condition. This had been brought about not only by the indomitable encrgy of the men in gene. ral, but especially by the work of Mr. Hillier, the secretary, to whom the public owed a debt of gratitude for reducing the dangerto lifeand property which must ensue in case of fire. There could be no greater philanthre phic work than that of saving life, and he had no doubt that in the future the people of Newcastle would have. to thank them for saving life as well as property. He then read letters of apology from Superintendent Bear and 0aptain Torning, of Sydney5 for non-attendance, also from M'essrs. Lochhead, Logan, sub-collector of Customs, and Mills. He remarked strongly on the fact that few, if any, of the alitrman were present, aid he would like to know who should be interested in the movement if not they. He said the aldermen ought to support it to the uttermost. They. were invited and were not there, and he very much regretted it on public grounds. Alderman CHBISTIE, WhO Was stand ing inthe crowd, here protested, and' was invited to the platform, which he mounted amid cheers. The CHAInRcI.xx then said, referring to the magnificent steam engine before them, the brigade thought that such a machine was necessary to cope with any large fires whi'ch might occur, and the, prosperous state of Itheir funds *wbuld warrant them in making such a' purchase. The engine was before them, prepared to do good service to human. ity, and in the interests ef the public. "He' bad been informed by Alherman Christie that the council had agreed to give £100 towards clearance of the debt en the engine, but he still thought the aldermen should have been there. An American patent hal been seledted;, partly on account of the cost, which w?ould otherwise have been about £1000, While the one before theni only cost altogether about £575, and partly because the English engines were very heavy and could not be drawnaby hand in case of emergency., while the Amerin can engines were of lighter build. The importers, Mssrs. it. C. Ghost arind Co., had guaranteed the one purchased for ten years. The financial position of tbe&.brigaie wes good, there being o o debt whatever save the balance due on the uew steamengine. All the property in conrectio0i with the biigade was held in trust by three trustees Messrs.. Lainn., Ash, 'mnd 'Brooks. In conclulsion there was a little pleas ing ceremony he had to 'call upon a liadyto peirfoim, namely, the christen ing of the new engine. Loud ap plause.) ' 'MsJ C. E Lxasthen steppedforward, amidst loud cheering, and gracafully broke a-bottle of champagne over the engine, sayiag-' Gentlemen of the Honeysuckle Fire Brigade, I have mnuch pleasure inzinaming this magni ficent engine the -' Honeysiuckle.'" (Applause.)" Alderman CRaISTIrE said the "chair man had passedsome 'severe strictures on the aldermen who were absenit, but no doubt they could explain the reason that they were not present. Fo.ihis own part he had duly received his in vitation, and had great pleasure in be ing there, the objects of the fire bri gade being very noble ones. (Cheers.) Mr. R. O. GUEST, with a few well chosen words, presented the brigade ivith a very handsome silver speaking trumpet, from the firm of importers of tI e engine. Captain LAnnxx returned thanks on behalf of the firemen in a brief speech. Majoi BoLTos said he was quite flattered to receive an invitation to such an auspicious ceremony, and re ferred to the time when instead of the place whereon they were standing being part of a noble institution, he could remember it as being the abode only of the kangaroo and wild animals of the bush. He also spoke of the benefits which would be rendered by a fire engine such as Newcastle 'now possessed. Mr. HILLIER, the secretary of the Honeysuckle Fire Brigade, said I he had been rnquasted'by his comrades to present Mrs. J. O. Ellis, who had s'o kindly assisted at the christening ceremony, with a basket of flowers, and though the' gift was of little: intrinsic value, they hoped she would find some corner in nwhich to keep it in memory of the occasion. Mrs. J. C. ELLII, in reply, said they had quite taken her by surprise in presenting her with the beautiful basket and flowers, and thanked txein sincerely for the honour they had done her that day. A vote of thanks was then pessed for Mr. Frederick Cane's kind permission to use the ground, &c.; .The CHaIPMAN" next announced that the trials would then take place. 