FATHER CDMMINGS ON INTEM PERANCE. The Rev. Father Cumming?, S.M., of Sydney, preached a sermon on 'Intemperance' in St. Patrick's Church, West-terrace, ou Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, many being unable to obtun admittance. Before the sermon was delivered the ordinary service was conducted, his Lordship Bishop Reynolds being present and taking part. The preacher took as his text, Proverbs xxiii., 29, ' Look not upon the wine when it is. yellow, when the color thereof shineth in the glass ; itgoeth in sweetly, but in the end it biteth like a snake, and it secreteth poison like a basilisk.' Man was made in the image and likeness of God. They had learned that at their mother's knee, and it was likewise the teaching of- the Holy Ghost. ' Knowye not,' said the apostle, 'that our bodies are living temples -of the Holy Ghost!' Man was created in the image of God, and that relation ship he was bound to revere and love. Man was also made as a companion to his fellow man, and tbat relationship. likewise he must maintain and respect. He was made to be his own associate, and consequently must recog nise- this, and' strive to live as he should do. Therefore there was . .between God, a man. and his neighbor a triple relationship, or alliance. Man was gifted with freedom to act. There was abroad to day a demon, whose boast it was that he had discovered the secret for., dragging out- of man's very nature this triple cord. He boasted that he cculd not only disfigure, but that he could actually obliterate in man this image of God, and bring him down to the state of the brute beast tbat perisheth. The name of this demon was drunkenness. If once a man had been conquered by this demon he no longer bore about him the image and likeness of his Maker. This was the saying of the Fathers of the Church of the Sa:nts of God. St. Auguttine eaid 'drunkenness is the origin aid source of every vice;' St. Basil called it the instigator of every crime ; and St. Jerome said it was the cause of every foal crime that unmans a man. See the drunkard as he reels forth into the street ; where was his humanity ? He could not conceive a single idea, or give it expression; his only words were senseless \- babblings, or meaniogless blasphemy. Could any love find entrance into a heart thus saturated with everything that is bad? Nothing could come to a heart of this kind, unless it be that mockery of love, the horrible vice of impurity. Where was the freedom of the drunkard? He cannot stand, move, or guide himself. He is weaker than the little infant. Such a man was net a man, but a monster in creation, who has cast aside the robe of his humanity. He has gone lower than the beast of .the field, who knowB his master and bis place, while the drunkard can neither eee nor feel. Did the drunkard love his God, by : whom he was created? No; it was impossible for him to know,' love, or serve God. He had cast God aside and wor shipped foul idols, or in the words of St. Paul 'he has made his belly his god.' On Saturday night when he should be the joy and centre of his little family he is grovelling in the bar, only to reel home intoxicated later on. On the ne st day he rises unfit to prosecute the duties of the Sabbath. Does he love his father and mother? No, it was impossible ; nor could he love his family, or he would never raise his unnatural hand to strike his wife, or see his little children wanting for food. All the precepts of the decalogue were broken by hitn. Such was the unfortunate man who allows himself to be drawn away by the terrible ein of drunkenness. The archfiend had drawn out of the very fibres of his nature the know ledge which God gave him to guide him in his duties. Two years ago a priest on the London rcifeion was called out to visit a little girl dying of consumption. He found her in a little cottage, and when the door was opened he was almost stifled by the poisoned atmo sphere which he felt. He heard the low wail ing of a child, mingled with the moans of a woman. In a fuinitureless room on a pallet of stiaw was a little girl once fair and beau tiful ; suffering had come upon her and ravaged her form. CloEe by on a heap of rags sat a Eoor woman with a child at her breast, leaning er head against the cold, bare wall. Near by were two little boys with their feet in the . grate seeking to draw some warmth from the dying embers. Looking down the room, on a kind of ladder like a staircase, lay the form of a diuuken man. He had sworn at God's altar to protect his wife, and bring up his children to know and love Him. How horrible was a vice. which steels the hearts of father and mother against the children of their own bosoms ! Drunkenness destroyed the re lationship tbat should exist between man and his neighbor; even his relationship to himself. He had drawn himself to the lowest depths of degradation, with every part of his body diseased. Neither his head nor heart would function, for nothing tended more to destroy even a man's physical health than drunkenness. On the effects of drunkenness be could quote no higher testimony than that of the Irish bishop. Some years ago a synod was held at Maynooth, and there they said, at least in substance — ' There are other dangers against which we must lift our warning voices. It is with_ weeping that we see that the bestial and abominable vice of drunkenness is working dreadful havoc among our people, and instead of all their rare natural and supernatural virtues is changing many of them into enemies of Christ, whose end is destruction, and whose god is their belly, and whose glory is their shame. Is it not an intolerable scandal that amongst people like ourselves there shouldbe found so many who become habitual slaves of drunkenness, and who not only sacrifice to it their reason, but their Christianity and the honor of their children, their sub stance, health, body and soul — God himselt V Such were the expressions of the bishops of Wajmooth. Again the judges of the land agree with the fathers of the church that drunkenness is the origin and source of every crime, and that the pages of the judicial calendar are smeared over with the outcome of intemperance. A judge said to a jury some time ago — 'Gentlemen, if there were no drunkenness there would be nothing for you or me to do.' In 1880 Mr. Gladstone said before Parliament that drunkenness produced, oa account of its continuity, more terrible effects tban war, famine, and pestilence combined. Satan used drunkenness to wreck families, to fill the hospitals, gaols, and lunatic asylums, and to send down to a dishonored grave thousands of victims of this sin It had made more victims than eviction or fanv-ne, and had broken more hearts and torn asunder more family ties than was ever done by enforced exile. It was the cause of angers, con tentions, and murders, and of nearly every crime we hear of. The drunkard's mouth was compared to the sluice-gate of some hideous drain ; and this vice to a finger post leading to hell, madness, and death, to bad company, to forgery^ sicknesB, delirium tremens, and the most horrible exits from life. It strove to destroy in our souls every image of our Maker and God. According to the sta tistics of last year he found that in tbe United Kingdom there was a direct expenditure of £150,000,000 on drink— £60,000,000 more than the revenue, and one-sixth of the national debt. And this huge river of gold was wasted, and for what? And beside this, there must be reckoned all the money spent in keeping np poorhouses, lunatic asylums, gaols, and the police, as far as they were necessitated by drink. Ten times better would it have been if this money had been pitched into the sea. A Chinese tradition said that 4,000 years ago an emperor obliged his people for a certain time to abstain from intoxicants, and that in consequence God rained down from heaven for three days showers of gold. The statistics of in surance societies told us that longevity was wonderfully increased by abstention from drink. If he did not drink man would bs more healthy, as well as free from the temptation . to f alL Then the temperate man had a steady hand and eye, and was honored and respected by hiB employer, while the drunkard was always out of work. How many a sober man had made his way in these colonies, while reckless young men had come to wreck aud finished their careers in the poorhouse. The laurels of genius had been scorched by this vice. To-day we found the sacredness of the family spirit dying out : and why ? Besause the father forgot his uacy to the family circle, and sought his pleasure elsewhere, where it was frequently unholy. Then what became of the children? The beer-jug and tbe spirit bottle told a sad tale, and what was sadder than to see little children going into the very presence of the demon ; their mother, perhaps, bringing them up to a wicked and unholy life ? Whole nations ot men do without drink, and are better with out it. Twenty thousand men entered Eag land's prisons last year, and statistics say they are the healthier and better for no drink. Tae greatest physical feats were done without drink. The Holy Catholic Church herself was at tacked by this vice, for it was to be found in too many of her children. The death of the dtunkard was a terrible subject ou which to reflect. He believed 90 out of 100 drunk urds brought death upon themselves by this vice. In dying the mind of such a man . was filled with anguish and terror, and if he was a Catholic he had reason to feel so. The priest might Btrive to infuse into his heart some hopes for the future, but the man was stupe fied, feeling his life bad been a foul record of crimes and given up to the demon. The last tremor passed through the body, and the soul that had been sunk down lower than the animal stood before the King of Terrors to receive its judgment. It wa3 not their pro vince to judge ; but one thing could be said that if the man died in drunkenness not all the bishops in Christendom could give him absolu tion, for he was not a man at the time, and absolution could only be granted to a man. As St. Paul said — ' Be not deceived, for -the adulterer, nor the fornicator, nor the drunkard shall ever enter the Kingdom of Heaven.' To-day nothing was done without associa tion, and many societies of to-day were, he regretted to say, doing fearful havos among the people. They had gathered at the com roand of their bishop that night to swell the ranks of the Total Abstinence Society, and he hoped everyone present would come forward to take the pledge. Some might say they knev where to stop in taking liquor, but he woald ask where the drunkards came from ; was it not from those who are moderate drinkers ? For the sake of prevention, he thought that those men who are moderate drinkers misjbt well take upon themselves the sweet yoke of the Temperance Association. Any man who cannot moderate himself in drink was bound to take tbe pledge in conscience. It was an egregious mistake for moderate drinkers to think that they lowered themselves by taking the pledge ; he thought all the argument was rather the other way. If they were as pious as St. John the Baptist they would only increase their worth by taking upon themselves the cross of Belf -denial. Let them listen to the voices of .their wives, aad ' children, and their . pastors, and let them come and give themselves irrevocably to God in this holy cause. It was neca&sary; above all things to take the pledge until death ; there must be \- no surrender to the enemy ; there must also be monthly confession and monthly- communion. . He concluded with an eloquent exhortation to all present to come up and sign the pledge, and at the close of the meeting a number of eignatures were obtained, ? 