Melbourne Races. FIRST (DERBY) DAY. I STONEY, SATURDAY.-The opening any of thc V.R.C. «pring meeting waa largely attended ; and I among the visitors were the Governors of Victoria N. 8. "Wales, Tasmania, and South Australia, Trident's win in tho Derby has added much to th« I uneasiness. of "The Ring,"' who will bo heavy loaers, and if tho colt pulls offene Cup. it is said that some of the prominent book-makers will gel a "heavy knock." After seeing Trident's running in the Derby, one is led to tho belief that there are only a few of the horses in the Cup who have per- formed in publio, that can have any show with him, and among those are Isonomy, Sheet Anchor, Boolka, and Silvermine. MELBOURNE STAKE», weight for age, 1J mile. Mr. Locke's Isonomy (Winterlake-Ruby), 4yrs. f S. Millor's Boolka (Glorious-Bridget), aged -f W. Royd's Bravo (Grand Flaneur- Tho Orphan), Byra . 3 Tho following also started :-Sheet Anchor, Tamar- isk, JWonotti, Grace Darling, Industry, Lord Wil linmTCrossfire. Betting : 5 to 2 Sheet Anchor, ¡I to 1 Isonomy, 5 to 1 Crossfire. Boolka took up the running, but soon «ave wny to Lord William. Sheet Anchor led into the straight, but a distance from home Isonoro) challenged and quickly settled him. Boolka then came with a tremendous mn, and finished a dead hent, thrco lengths in front of Bravo. Lord William fourth, Sheet Anchor fifth ; Grace Darling and Tamarisk were last. Timo, 2.12jf. HOTHAM HANDICAP, 1J milo and a distance. Mr. Whittingham's Claptrap (Tim Whiffler Talkative), aged, 7st.Rummage 1 Hon, J. White'« ch h Hexham, (Goldsbrougli Goldfinch), 4 years, 7st.Huxley 2 Mr. 3. R. Smith's b g Lancer, (Westminster Linnett), 0 yrs, 7st 101b .. 3 Ringmaster, 8ut ; Silver King, 7st 71b ; First Prince, 7at 21b ; Lesbia, 7st 21b ; Remus. 7st ; Salvo, (¡st 1 llb ; Genoe, Cst 101b ; The Penoil, fist 81b ; Fish o'Silvor, Gat 71b ; also started. Betting : 3 to 1 Hexham, 5 to 1 Penoil and Ringmaster, fi to 1 Salvo, 8 to 10 to 1 others. When nearing the river bridge Hexham headed Salvo, and carried on the running ns fnr as the back stretch, where First Princo got rid of his Jockey. Salvo again took charge and lead to tbe turn, where Hexham went to the front; but Claptrap quickly settled Hexham, and cantered in a four lengths' winner. Pencil was fourth, Silver King fifth, Salvo sixth, and Fish o'Silver last. Timo, 2.G2 j . THE MARIBYRNONG PLATE, ft furlongs. Mr. Macdonald's Hortense, carried 1411» penalty (Gang Forward--Josephine)..Campbell 1 D, Cooper's Huntingtower (Darobin-Atho line).;Kelso 2 W, Pearson's Bedouin (Darriwoll-Blaok Gipsy)........Power 3 Matamna, Perhaps, Essex, Mistletoe, Escutcheon, Albert Loddon, Fancy Free, Jcbusite, Loyalist, Eckersley, Esperance, Aberdeen, Lava, Oceans, Miranda, also started. Betting : 3 to 1 Lava and Perhaps, G to 1 Hortenso and Mistletoe, 10 to 1 others. Owing to the persistent breaking away of Mistletoe, the sturt was delayed. When tho Hag fell Huntingtower, Perhaps, Mistletoe, HortonBO, and Albert Loddon took tho lend, followed by Lava, Aberdoon, and Bedouin, Crossing tho tan Bedouin was in front of Hortenso ; in the centro were Miranda and Huntingtower ; then came Lava and Eckersley. At tho distnnco Hunting- tower mado a (jreat effort, nnd headed tho Sydney colt. A good finish resulted in a win for Hortense by about aneok ; Bedouin third, a longth off ; Lava fourth ; Aberdeen fifth, and Eokcieley sixth. The last two wero Essex nnd Mistletoe Esperance ran ,ot£. Time, 1.7J. THF. VltrroiiiA DEnnY-colts, Sst 101b ; fillies, Sst Gib ; geldings allowed 31b-l.J milo. (138 «nbs.) Hon. J, White's oh o Trident (Robinson Crusoe Cocoanut) ...Hales 1 i Cooper's oh o Chesham (Grand Flaneur . Lady Chester) .Robertson 2 A, R. Blackwoods ch o Agíaos ( Apremont ? ? Aglaia).Power 3 Maddelina (Colloy), Kingfish (M'Grndo), First Con- sul (O'Brien), and Volcano (Ellis), also started. Bettine; : ft to 2 on Trident, fi to 1 v. Maddolina, 10 to 1 others. Volcano at onoo took up tho running in tho inter- ! ests of the favorite, and lending tho field at a great paco, with Chesham and Kingfish close up, whilo thrco lengths separated Trident, Maddelina, with Firat Consul lust. Volcano continued leading until past' tho sheds, whore Chesham mudo n tun nnd displaced him. Trident then bogau to move up, Rounding tho turn, Chesham was three lengths clear of his field ; Trident about the same ahead of Kingfish, with Agíaos on his quarters, and Maddo- lina benton off. At tho distança Chesham still led tho favourite, which Holes was hard upon. Oppo- site thc eland the favourite drow level with the lender, and after a good finish won by a little over a length, Aglnos twenty lengths away third, First Consul fourth, Kingfish fifth, Maddelina sixth, and Volcano last. Time, 2min 3!)scc. SELLING: RACK, 7 furlongs. Mr, R. nowie's Huron, 4yrs, nil.Howie 1 J. G. Reid's oh g Tho Ghost, aged, nil ...... 2 R. Mnitland's Stafford, aged, nil. 3 Onee inside tho straight running Huron came away, and; despite the efforts of tho favourito, won com- fortably by a long length ; the same distance separ- ated Stafford and Straight Shot, who was fourth, Ellington fifth, and Rcystercr last. Time lmin 2!>flco. ' 