PUBLIC FUNERAL OF THE LATE SIR LUKE LEAKE. THE remains of the late Sir Luke Samuel Leake were yesterday buried in the City Cemetery with public honours. Apart from the fact that the deceased gentleman was an old and respected colonist and had for sixteen years filled the office of Speaker of the Legislative Council, the circumstances of His death evoked the sympathy of the public. He left Perth during the early portion of the year in fairly good health and spirits with the intention of spending a short holiday in England. That what was regarded as a journey of pleasure and recreation should have had so melancholy an ending, could not fail to stir the sympathies of those to whom the late Sir Luke Leake was known. It was, therefore, doubtless in accordance with the general desire of West Australians, as well as with the wishes of the deceased and of his relatives that it was decided to bring the body from England to Perth for interment. The remains of the late Speaker were brought out from England in the Elderslie and arrived at Fremantle last week. Thence they were brought by river up to Perth and placed in his residence in St. George's Terrace. His Excellency the Governor directed that the late Sir Luke Leake should be given a public funeral " as a mark of the estima- tion in which he was held by his brother colonists of all grades and in recognition of his services as Speaker of the Legislative Council during a period of sixteen years." This proclamation, there is no doubt, met with the approval of all our colonists. Soon after midday yesterday, it was evident from the appearance of the City that a great public event was about to take place. JtCvery street was thronged with people in black, many of them having come by rail from Fremantle, Guildford and even more distant places. The flags upon the Town Hall and upon the Barracks were flying half mast high. By two o'clock, a large number of people had collected in St. George's Terrace near the gales leading to the Cathedral doors. Here the volunteers began to muster and place themselves in position for raising the way. The Metropolitan R.V. marched from the barracks and lined the foot- way from the gates to the Cathedral door. They were given this position of honour because the late Sir Luke was their first captain on the corps being formed. The Fremantle Volunteers, the Naval Brigade, the Fremantle and Perth Artillery Volunteers, and Guildford R.V. and the Cadets, along with the moama ed police lined the streets from the gates to near the Post Office. The footways in St. George's Terrace were thronged with spectators and people waiting to take part in the procession. Shortly after the appointed time, 2.30 p.m., the body was carried from the residence of the deceased gentleman to the hearse, and there received by the pall-bearers and chief mourners. The hearse, which was drawn by four handsome black horses, moved along St. George's Terrace to the Cathedral. The coffin was then removed and placed in the porch' of the sacred edifice, where it remained during the service. The congregation was a large one, including as it did the mourners, and a great number of the public. His Excellency the Governor and all the members of the Legislative Council were present. The interior of the Cathedral had been suitably draped for the occasion, while with- in the nave window and upon the font, evergreens had been tastefully arranged. The service was conducted by the Very Rev. Dean Gegg, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Watkins and the Rev. Mr. Carter, the combined choirs of Perth and Fremantle churches taking part in the singing. At the conclusion of the service the clergy and choirs led the way from the Cathedral and then the coffin was replaced in the hearse. The approaches to the Cathedral were now lined by the members of the Freemason's Brotherhood to the number of ninety, all wearing the regalia proper to their rank. As the hearse moved away from the Cathedral, the procession began to join and in a few minutes had formed. It was composed as follows: 1\. Mounted Police. 2\. Metropolitan Volunteers ; 104 rank and file. 3 Bands of the MARY., F.R.Y., GREY. and Naval Brigade, massed. 4\. Choristers in their surplices. 5\. The Clergy. 6\. The Hearse. Pall bearers : Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lochee, Sir Thomas Cockburn-Campbell, the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer, the Hon. the Surveyor General, the Postmaster General, the Hon. the Acting Attorney-General, and the Hon. the Acting Colonial Secretary. 7\. The Chief mourners : Mr G. W. Leake, Q.C., P.M., Mr. George Leake, KC., the Hon. J. G. Lee Steere, Mr. C. J. Lee Steere, Mr. Richard A. Sholl, Dr, Waylen, and Mr. J. C. Dyer. - 8\. Members of the Perth, Fremantle and Guildford Municipalities. 9\. The Freemason Brotherhood to the number of 90, including members of the Fremantle and Perth Lodges and a number of visitors, Mr. W. H. Strickland acted as M.C. for the occasion. 10\. Government Officials. 11\. Heads of Departments. 12\. Members of the Legislative Council. 13\. His Honour the Chief Justice and His Honour Mr. Justice Stone. 14\. His Excellency the Governor (on foot) and staff : Captain Alison A.D.C. and the Hon. J. G. H. Amherst. 15\. Volunteers in half Companies. 16\. The Public. 17\. A number of private carriages. As the procession moved off to the order of Captain Phillips, and to the solemn notes of the " Dead March" in " Saul," it presented a most imposing appearence. It was estimated that nearly eight hundred persons took part in it and in addition many hundreds of people made their way to the cemetery. Here there was a great crush near the vault in which the coffin was to be placed. The ceremony at the grave was of a simple character. Dean Gegg read a portion of the service for the dead and the choir sang hyam NT. 399 A. and M. Dean Gegg then addressed a few words to the assembly. He said " The Governor, the Legislature and the officials who have attended this funeral, together with the general public have done so in honour of the memory of one who rendered public services to this colony. We. the clergy and the choristers who are more immediately connected with the duties of the Church have also attend ended this funeral with a hearty feeling of gratitude to the memory of one who was ever foremost in aiding the material welfare of our church, in erecting a house of God, Sun- day-schools and other works more immediately connected with the Church of Christ. With these words I dismiss you with the blessing of Almighty God. May the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost he amongst you now and always. Amen." The mourners then passed round the grave for a last look and the. Freemason paid their tribute to the deceased by throwing upon the coffin the acacia sprays which each of them carried in the procession. The coffin consisted of a leaden casket covered with polished oak, mounted with brass, and bore the inscription " Luke Samuel Leake, died May 1st, 1886, in his 58th year." The proceedings then terminated and the vast assemblage returned to the city. The whole of the arrangements for the funeral were made by Captain Phillips, and were quietly and most admirably carried out. Mr. With bridge performed the duties of under- taker. As a pageant, nothing, certainly, to compare with the funeral ceremony of yesterday has ever been seen in this colony. It was a fitting and GRAND LAST tribute to one whose heart had been wrapped up in his adopted country, who for many years had held the most honourable position in which his fellow colonists could place him, and who, by his genial kindliness had won the good-will and affection of hosts of friends and acquaintances throughout the length and breadth of Western Australia. 