THE MILLER AND THE TAILOR: A "COMEDY OF ERRORS.'" A wealthy husbandman was so fond of filberts and other nuts that-he not only reared many trees of them in his orchard during life, but ordered his executors to burywith him a bag of the fruit for pos thumous use. It happenedthesame night thllat the funeral took place that a knavlsh miller of the village, having also a relish for nuts, came inhis white coat to the dead man's garden with the design of helping himself to a bag of them,. On his way thlither he encountered a good- for-nothing tailor, a friend of his, who, dressed in black, was equally intent upon stealing a sheep. Eiach .divulged his errand to the other, and it was arranged between them that whichever of the two first accoma phshed his project should wait the coming of the other in the church porch, in order aftorwards to" makao. nightof it." The miller was more speedy. in his errand than tlhe other, and came first to the porch, where he whiled away the time by crack ing and eating some of the stolen nuts. It chanced that while he' was~ thus en joying his booty'thle sexton of the 'lchurch came about 9 o'clock to ring the curfew, when what should he see but a figure in the porch all in white, :cracking nuts. It immediately flashed upon his mind that this could be no other' than the ghost of the newly-buried man. Frightened out of his wits at the apparition, he ran home as fast as his legs would carry him, and as soon as hle had recovered his breath related to a cripple, an inmate of his house, what he had seen. "Pshaw?" said the cripple; "If I were able I would conjure the spirit." Upon this the sexton plucked up heait and offeee'd to carry him upon his shoulders to the haunted spot. As soon as they approached the porch, the miller, seeing some one advance with a burden upon his shoulders, dind':takihg him for the tailor .with his stolen sheep, ran to meet him, asking as he went, "Is he fat? Is he fat?" The ~aexton, on hearing this, in his fear threw the cripple off'and ran away; and the cripple, frightened into the use of his legs, fol.' lowed in right earnest. The miller, puzzled in his turn, and seeing two t'igures running, conjectured that the second was the owner of the shooep in pursuit of the thief. So he left his nuts and, made off with all speed for his mill. Ater this the tailor came with his sheep to the porch to look for the miller, and not finding him;, but noticing; the nut- shells upon the ground, concluded thathe had gone home. Accordingly he took up his sheep again and' walked towards the mill. In the meantime the sextonhadruntothe lodging 'of the schoolmaster, and informed him with elongated face how the spirit of the husbandman was risen outof his grave and was cracking nutsin the porch. Upon this the schoolmaster said that if the sexton would acconipany 'him he would conjure the ghost. To this the sexton agreed. The schoolmaster put on a light overcoat, and together they approached the dreadful spot. But here a new and awful scene was in reserve. As the schoolmaster and the sexton entered the churchyard the tailor with his sheep upon his back was on the psint of leaving it. The tailor, spying the school master's light overcoat, thought itwas the millesin his white coat, and (alhluding of coursecto the sheep on his back) said, "I have him! I have him !" The school master, on the oilier hand, perceiving a black figure bearing off a white one, concluded, out of hand, that it was the Devil conveying away the spirit of the dead man, and, forgetting his his offer of conjuration, made off in the direction of the mill, followed by the agaiin horrified sexton. But the "comedy of errors" was not yet at an end: for the tailor, seeing, as he thought, some one pursuing his friehd the miller with 'ino amicable design, 'followed, in order' to tender him assistance it need were. Arrived at the mill, and not seeing any thing of the runners, he knooked at the door, crying, "I have caught one of them, and made him sure, and tied him fast by the legs." The miller, in his alarni, did not recogniso the voice of the tailor, and less did he think of the sheep to which the remark' alluded. He thought it was the constable who had taken and hound the tailor, and was now in pursuit of himself toeching' the affair of the nuts. He therefore opened a back door and made off. The tailor hearing the back door open, ran round to that side of thlie mill, and seeing the miller running away stood for a minute wondering what it'all could'mean. By ill-luck the schoolmaster and the sexton had in their fright taken shelter under the mill-house just. whlore 'the tailor came to a stand. Still labouring under the impression that the man of the shears and his sheep were Satan and his victim, they again took to their heels, acnid not being very well acquainted with thle ground, the schbolmaster fell into a ditch overhead, and was almost drowned, His cry of " Help i' help !" now frighitened. the tailor,; who, dimly descrying the miller running one way and'the sexton another, conclhded that the constablo with his attendants must be in pursunit of him for his tlheft, and so threw down his shoep, and rushed off in another direction. And thuis ends the tale. 