A. outlook: in Ireland. ? e~ ? It would appear that the Tory 'threat of stamping out resistance to . the landlords of Ireland was not an idle one, and that its present rulers have resolved on a renewal of war against the Irish, tenantry. Hap pily, however, these are not unprepared for the latest, and, as we fear it will turn out, the most terrible trial they have yet endured in their struggle against landlord, wrong. It was feared by the Irish leaders, and indeed foretold by Mr. Parnell, whose prescience seems never to be at fault, that the coming winter would witness scenes to be deplored by every well* wisher of the Irish cause, if the landlords refused to take into consideration the desti tute condition of their tenantry, owing to bad seasons and the reduced price of their produce caused by the competition of foreign markets. Two courses were onen to them': to reduce their rents so as to make them payable, or to have them collected to the last farthing at the point of the bayonet. If a right understanding had existed between ^landlord and tenant in Ireland, the first course would be adopted. If the landlord were one who. in the language of Grattan, ' civilizes them (the tenantry) and regulates them in the ca pacity of a magistrate, while he husbands and covers them in that of a protector, im proving not only them but himself hj the exercise of his virtues, as well as the dispen sation of his property, drawing together the two orders of society, the rich and poor, until each may administer to the other' — ? then there would be no need of recourse to the services of a Sir Uedvers Buller, moon light outrages would be unheard of, and the agrarian question such as would arise would be settled, satisfactorily to both the inter ested parties. But that we should find, 86 years after the words just quoted were uttered, Ireland an armed camp, to be in creased by an additional draft of 5000 men, the threatened suspension of the National organ, United Ieelakd, and. of the Irish National League itself, and the prosecution of Dillon and O'Brien, be cause of their advocacy of the tenants' cause, all this proves the utter breakdown of land lordism in Ireland, and much. more. It is to-day, as it always has been, hostile to the people, and its modern exemplar, the Mar quis of Olanricarde, is a true type of men of the Beresford class whose rapacity Grattan indirectly denounced. Bemper eadem—sl ways the same—may he appropriately writ ten as its motto ; and to-day as when its cursed seeds were sown must it be watered by the blood and tears of its victims. But it is conscious that it is on its last legs, and so, like other animal bloodsuckers, its last gasp will be most acutely felt by those who have suffered from its voraciousness. The people too are conscious o£ the same thing, and feel that in six months, if: they play their cards well, and 'hold, the harvest, ' landlordism in Ireland will have given up the ghost. It is the last stage of a desperate, though in reality a short fight. But, as the landlords know that they are playing for their very existence, tliey will use the means at their hands with out scruple or remorse. These are Sir 'Bedvers Buller, the Soudanese 'rebel' hunter, and the army of England sent forth, to burn and slay if needs be for twenty years rather than that there should left a vestige of manliness in the breast of an Irish tenant, or of love for his offspring instead of slavish devotion to hie landlord. Against such fear ful odda the peasant can only oppose a passive resistance and stern determination to stand by his rights ; and the support, moral and material, within the constitution, of his countrymen all the world over. But with this support he must win, for moral strength has ever proved the superior of physical, and even Lord Salisbury with his 'resources of civilization' (wo will be pardoned for using the phrase, for it is Mr. Gladstone's) shall not save landlordism from the death which awaits it, and which it so well deserves, 