OUR ILLUSTRATIONS.—(Continued from page 3.) A Fierce Battle with Sharks. A FIERCE battle with sharks occurred in Berry's Bay, Sydney Harbour, on Sunday, 7th March. Two boats, with crews armed with harpoons and lances, were on one side, and about ten monsters of the deep were arrayed on the other. These sea lawyers were engaged in dis- cussing the carcass of a cow that was floating about in the water, when Mr. Benjamin Barnett, his sons, and some friends, determined to take part in the argument, and immediately joined issue with the other side, who at once became the defendants in the case. The trial, which lasted all day, was practically decided in favour of the plaintiffs, seven of the marine lawyers throwing up their briefs, and themselves, at the close of the case. Three of them retired, not, however, it is believed, without carrying off with them some memento of the earnestness of the struggle, in the shape of several harpoon and lance wounds. On page 12 we give an illustration of this great fight, certainly the most remarkable battle with sharks that has ever been recorded in connection with these waters, and which is certainly as curious as we have ever heard of. Under the head of "The Battle of Berry's Bay," a morning contemporary, The Telegraph, gives the following graphic description of the fight, by a "Non- combatant :—" A sanguinary naval engagement, which raged with unmitigated ferocity from an early hour in the morning until sunset, took place in Sydney Harbour on Sunday, 7th March, the opposing forces being two boats manned by seven men, against a squadron of ten monstrous blue sharks. It was without doubt the most unique as well as the most exciting encounters ever wit- nessed in Australian waters. Man is the natural enemy of the shark. Wherever they meet war to the knife is immediately declared. Each in his own element is supreme, but the man in the water has as little chance against the shark as the shark on the land has against the man. This is why the finny monsters are so much hated and feared by all persons whose business or pleasure leads them to go down to the sea in ships. Between the sailor and the shark there is a particular degree of enmity. This feeling is also shared more or less by all boating men. No quarter is ever given on either side. The sailor knows only too well what will be his fate should accident throw him into the water while his remorseless enemy is abo'it, and whenever chance throws a shark into his power he never hesitates for a moment to repay the compliment. Oftentimes when consigning a dead comrade to the bosom of the deep he sees one of the monsters triumphantly follow- ing in the wake of the ship, and turns away his eyes that he may not witness the hideous feast. It is no wonder then that nautical men should have sworn war of extermination against the whole shark tribe. The North Shore boasts of a hardy old amphibious veteran by the name of Benjamin Barnett. Like all great characters, he scorns the conventional prefix to his name, and is addressed by such as are admitted to the privilege of his acquaintance by the simple cognomen of Ben Barnett. He has three sons just as fond of the water and just as intrepid boatmen as himself. Veritable chips of the old block are the young Barnetts, and Ben is justly proud that they are so. Now, on the North Shore it came to pass that one Moses Bell owned a cow. The cow was browsing by the waterside, when by some sad mischance she fell in and was drowned. This was just at the back of Bell's new terrace, in a particular part of Berry's Bay, where the initiated in Izaak Walton's art are wont to go in search of the suc- culent "trumpeter." On Sunday morning news was brought to Mr. Barnett that a shark was seen quietly breakfasting on the carcase of the unfortunate cow. At this announcement all the boatman within him was roused. The goggle-eyed marauder should die. Marshalling his clan and taking a primitive but trusty harpoon that has dealt death to numbers of sharks in the past, Ben embarked in a light skiff and set out to offer the monster battle. On the way he was joined by another boat containing Chris. Webb, a celebrated yachtsman, who can make the Tomki one of the hardest dingies in the harbour to beat, and Messrs. G. Langford and J. Strange, all equally enthusiastic lovers of the water and haters of sharks. Each boat was furnished with running gear and a harpoon, one being a patent swivel action, and the other of the same pattern as might haye been used to kill whales in the time of the late Mr. Jonah, who is reported to have had a little unpleasantness with one of those creatures some considerable while back. On reaching the scene of combat, however, the attacking party, instead of one shark, found no less than 10 ready to receive them. The fight which then commenced has never been equalled by anything before seen in Sydney Harbour. The sharks were daring and defiant. Not one out of the 10 flinched from the attack, but fought for the body of the cow until night put an end to the combat, when no less than seven of their number were dead and in the hands of the enemy. Meanwhile the news flew round the Shore like wildfire. It even penetrated to the churches, and seriously influenced the collections. What were the attractions of a sermon to those of a shark hunt ? The steed, the mustering squadron and the clattering car urged their wild career along the Blue's Point Road. At such a time the rights of private property became a mere secondary consideration, and Moses Bell's territorial privileges were put entirely out of the question by an excited crowd who flocked to the water's edge for a sight of the encounter. At one time fully 500 persons of all sizes and sexes were on the scene, and every one of the 500 was under the settled impression that he or she was materially assisting in the slaughter. Some pelted the sharks with pebbles, to the imminent jeopardy of the boatmen's heads, and one gentleman appeared with a gun, which nothing but a special intervention of Providence prevented him from using. Others deemed that they were making it particularly warm for the sharks by running up and down the bank, indulging in the wildest gesticulations and shouting at the top of their voices. One gentleman boldly advanced to the water's edge, and throwing out his arms, said " Shoo !" at a huge shark which was not more than 10ft. from the bank. Meanwhile the battle on the water raged fuiiously. A shark would make a rush at the cow, and as soon as he came to the top of the water the two harpoons would salute him. It was work requiring great courage and dexterity, as the slightest mistake might have been attended with fatal consequences. If one of the boats capsized, or any of their occupants went overboard, 10 greedy pairs of jaws, each capable of almost bolting a man whole, were waiting for him. But the men seldom missed. A huge splash, sending a showers of discolored spray over the fishermen would tell that at least one of the harpoons had hit its mark, and the shark would dart wildly out into the bay, towing the boat at a tremendous rate, and leaving a crimson wake after him. Sometimes he would return to the charge, even with the harpoon in his body, and fight till the last breath left him. As each one gave up the ghost he was towed into Moses Bell's fish pond, and the fishermen went out to renew the fight. The average weight of the monsters is estimated at a little under half a ton, which shows what a critical matter it was to have one of them fast to an ordinary pulling skiff when maddened with pain and fighting for dear life. To show the desperation with which some of the monsters struggled, the stout wrought-iron shafts of the harpoons were frequently bent and twisted with as much ease as if they had been hairpins. Yesterday it was intended that the fight should be renewed with the three remaining sharks, but they had evidently had enough of it, as they failed to put in an appearance. Crowds of people visited the scene of action during the day and inspected the bodies of the slain, but had not the satisfaction of witnessing a continuation of the battle. As there were seven shark-slayers and seven killed, the average amounts to a shark a man. They bore their laurels with becoming modesty, though many men get on a hustings and talk of their public services who have not half as much claim to public gratitude as the heroes of the remarkable Battle of Berry's Bay. A BATTLE WITH SHARKS IN SYDNEY HARBOUR 