THE OPERA HOUSE. After n run whioh cannot bo considered othorwiso thai satisfactory, " Queen's Evidenco " has been talton off th stage of tho Opera House, and on Saturday night it wa replaced by T. A. Pulmor's: nautical' drama " Al à Lloyd's." Tho pieco is announced hs being producednndc tho patronago of tho Federated Seamen's Union of Australia and at tho request of that body, and it may. therefore b presumed that it is iutended to point a moral jua ut tho present time, and assist, tho ngitatioi now iroing on against tho overloading of vessel connected with this port. The'action of the drama is laii in tho year 1861-2, during tho Amorican war, rind tho' plo is briefly as follows :- Frank Lynton, a young sailor, who ii engaged to Koso Brutton, accepts tho post of master of tin Severn, owned by Lawrence Hawton and Reuben Mart lock, and which ho is informed is freighted with wa material, with which ho is commissioned to - mako tb attempt to run tho blockade nt .Charleston. Tho vessel is in reality, a rotten, old hulk, filled w^ith scrap iron &c;, and tho nefarious "design ; of Huwloh an< Mnrtlock is to hixvb tho ship scuttled in mid beean, so that they may obtain tho insuraricó 01 tho hull and tho valuable cargo it is supposed ti carry. Mark Culver, a rojected suitor of Rose Bratten, whoso habit« have rendered him un outcast, willingly agrees to undertake tho duty of sending tho Sovorn to th< bottom, partly lo nvongo himself upon Iiis successful rival and also in consideration of a handsomo pecuniary reward ; and tho carpenter of tho vessel, Dick Wayland, becomes hii confederate. Maggie Penboyle, an orphan, who is suffering from unrequitod lovo of Lynton, accidentally overhears a part of tho intorviow between Hawton and Culvor, and implores Lynton not to ship tho latieras his mato, hut all tono purpose, and tho horo departs in spito of the .tears and forebodings of his widowed mother and Rose Bretton. Maggie Penboyle, however, who is supposed to hnvo com- mitted suicido through grief,' gets on board tho Sovern dis- guised in malo attire, and in tho third, act Culver and thc carpenter, upon being discovered by Lynton andMaggie in tho aot of scuttling tho ship, attack them, and they i aro left for dead in tho hold; whilo the water I is seen to bo rapidly pouring into tho vessel. The rest of tho crow escape in tho boats, excopt tho car j.ponter, who ÍB'shot by Culver for, tho sake of his sliaro oi tho reward. Lynton, however, ro vi vos, and with Maggie j forces his way to tho deck, where, upon -realising Iiis I terrible.position, ho swoons away. His devoted companion 's quito prepared to dio by his side, but they uro rescued in tho nick of time and convoyed to America. Hero, owing to Lynton having been faken prisoner whilo assisting in'the de- fence of a plantation which has been attacked by troops, tho pair aro separated, and oveutuallv Maggie reaohos her native villngo in safety, but almost .brokonkcartod.,,:.Sho .then linds that Rose Brutton, dazzled by Hawton's promises and tho hopo of gnininga position above hcrstation, is about to elbpo with him. A lawyer also appears upon tho scohb in search of Lynton, to whom un eccentric old gentleman whoso lifo ho had saved years before had beqacated his fortune ;"nnd it transpires that in tho ovent of tho young sailor's death tho property is to revert to itouben Mortlock. At this stago Culver tums up, and in a quarrel with Hawton is mortally Blabbed by tho latter, and. gives up tho ghost before his anxioty to huvo his dying depo- sitions taken is gratified. Lynton also appears, looking re- markably well after his adventures, and finding- Roso' falso to him he very wisely and promptly transfers his affections to Maggie. Tho two worthy owners of tho scuttled vessel nro nrrestedand consigned to gaol oa tho testimony, of .tho ship's carpenter Wayland, who, not being mortally wounded, escapes from tho Severn ¡ind returns homo much improved, morally, by his experience. Virtue thus becomes triumphant, and the drama closes with a little homily by Lynton for tho edification of unprincipled ownors of "coffin ships." .As Moggio Penboyle, Miss 'Emma Fischer lind a part that suited her admirably! mid sho played with tasto and feeling iill through. Tho part of Rose Bretton SB anything but nu attractive one, nor did it give Miss Blanche Lewis very great scopo for tho display ofherpowors. What sho had to do, however, was well done, and tho audience no doubt felt some sympathy with Roso in tho unfortunate termination of hor ambition'. Miss Docy Mainwaring played with . much feeling na tho Widow Lynton, and Miss Jonnio Gwynne, as Bessie Plummer, infused the necessary amount of spirit and arch- ness into tho part. Mr. H. W. Douglas was quito'athomo os tho dnshing young sailor Frank Lynton, and carno in for n largo Bharo of tho applnuse. Mr. J. L. Hall assumed the rôle of Snm Brutton, au old salt of tho Captain Cuttle school, and it is hardly necessary to say. that he made tho part a prominent one. His mako-up was most artistic, and the oudienco had coiiBidcrablo difficulty in identifying him without referring to tho programme. Tho part of Mark Culver was placed in tho hands of Mr. W. E. Baker, and ns tho loading points of tho cbaractor aro those of low and abandoned rufllauiam, aud not of polished rascality, tho actor named had a Bomowhat difficult task before him. Ho, however, passed through tho ordeal successfully, though in ono or two scenes his acting was rather overstrained und melodramatic. Harry Power had a congenial task as Tony Uglow, and brought out all tho humorous points of tho love-sick rover; and Messrs. A.Davis and A. Rodney as Reuben Martock (a wolf in sheep's clothing) and Lawrence Hawton respeetivoly, played carefully well. Tho scenery by Clint was interesting, "aud that representing tho deck of tho sinking ship was cloverly arranged. Thero was a very largo audience, who frequently marked their appreciation of tho drama, which will probably havo a fair run. Wo understand that to-night thc officers and'ninny of the members of tho Seaman's Union will attend tho perform- ance. _ 