City Ohat. By Tub Faiiceur. To say wo lmvc hail lively thflCs^wnhcrcoE late would be to put the matter far too 111 Id 3 altogether, For tLpast week the City has been painted as red as the nose of an ^ reporter, and not a few of our country cou«ns Ja* ° trotted nobly along, and done ll'^r fan'slmie of t e painting also. To look at the well-dressed ga>, and giddy throngs that have crowded oui public places of resort, no one would eve dieam 'that we were a broken down lot ot n^olven Uh a couple of millions of ft deficit wcig nng down our heads, but the idea would be that the.whole ■rfH» northern end of the globe had been sold at a land auction nnd the proceeds whacked mnong=t tl e favored people of the southern half to enable,11le to spend the rest of their lives in Whatever rise is impossible for us to do no » ever say tlmt we Australians ;do not go in hcav y for our holiday times, and I am not qui 0 smc tb^ we arc not all the better for 11 . , 0f trouble is pitched a thousand miles to the bako God's speed, and we pelt up our hats, and put do*n our victuals, and don our good clothes, and ca y on as only free Australians can. "Whether we * grot our frolics during the coming winter »™P » matter which interests 110 0110 hove to-day, and ic. us hope it never will. Care choked a cat, and sufficient for the day is the evil thereof. * * * That it is positively necessary to kick Qut and go lazy mad at times is a fact which no one cvei doubts, but the danger , is that our madness may increa.^ with age and bccomo chronic with us. t «n. Charles Lamb (who never did work much, by way) who once exclaimed : " Hang work ! 1^1 that all the year were a lioliday ; I am SU1 indolence-iudefoasable indolences-is the ^ of man and business the invention of old Tea/.cr, whoso interference doomed Adam to don an apron, and set him a-boein» for ft living. Ihw wn8"*0"tl' ment that has occasionally filled the minds of ninnj more than Klia, but that's about nil the good it eve did them, for.this world has grown so painfu l practical now than the ninjority of us nu^t alliei toil hard or step out of it. altogether. This tionble was well put by the tramp who ^ difficulty by sadly murmuring : I'll die from starvation; and if ' do . exercise-will make me bilious, and 111 that. itnd the want of physic." M- very■ -p reflections these for the end of our gay Lashn time, but unfortunately it is the bile's f"®;0"' ' picnic hampers have been: cleared and next, tofal ihg up against a ghost unexpectedly, noth.ng len^s a man into a more mournful frame of mind than a bad attack of bile. , # # * Home from the sanguinary field of ruthless war is the thankful shout of our stahvart defenders of our hearths and homes just now, and as usual, Australia has declared that ever man * done his duty. , AVbcthcr. he'll , pay up tlio. no« custom duties with a similar vim is a nmtter which I fear even Sir Patrick believes to be a trifle doubt ful, but more ;o£ that anon. • Our Easter encamp-, merit has been'pronounced the usual and our warriors bold have once more dragged gobs of glory even from the canon's mouth.. \hosickcn ing caningo 011 the bloody field was a fearful thing while it lasted j and the lhau who undertook to feed the heroes lias, 1 believe, declared that one otliei encampment would assuredly bring a seven yc'ivs famine on the land; The spot chosen for,the dread atTray this year is now universally deolnied bj choosers themselves to be the most mutable site in this or any other world thoy know of, jbut the wounded warriors; who tumbled -ovc) • I'g*. mul< staked themselves >011 stumps, express a different opinion 111 a most emphatic manner. The. tram 'arrangements for the conveyance of. tho. during crowds who rushed to the.scene of carnage, weio as usual most admirable in every way ; .although now Unit I remember the incident,! happened to lunKe that remark on the Sydney platform during a ticket crush, and fully 2,000 infuriated citizens flatly declared that that was the conde'mnest lie thoy had • cver-honicd in'nll-thcir lives. And,as many of those persons hailed from Woolloomooloo, 1 rather fancied, my powers of invention wero rapidly coming to the fore. Anywav, quite a number of persons are willing to comc forward if necessary and swear that one train actually, did the l(is miles distance in exactly 2 horns, and I'd like to know where that re. cord-can bOibeaten—in any other oity, in N.S. Wftlw. A 'pleasing diversion was caused by giving a few of the fagged out travellers a two hours wait at some of the roadside stations along the track, but I cant say that I have heard of;any .very grateful expres sions of unbounded thanks for such relief. Howv over, wc mawged to spend fully £13,000 oyer thl military boom, the torpedo actually went off when wanted, the big 80-ton nearly blew the sun into chips, aud now. all hands sqom. thoroughly glad our martial farce is ovor. Thorcforo, let tlio canteen bo stormed onco more,' and carried at the pewter8 point, for as Iago sings • " A soldier's a.man i , V ■ ■ "'A-lifeVbutaspan; ' Why, then I let ft soldier drink.' a, ";..){uf*-;Ha I To; talk of polities at tho'prosent glad time would! of courso'boiflat blasphemy;; besides, we have none worth talking, of, just, now,, jb'ut .here's..- ft : UttlOj anecdoto, which)- although it is told of another land, might porhaps fit our little troubles .as well. It ] appears that. a certain ■ candidate, on asking .au i intelligent elootor for his vote, is met by. an omphatio refusal, and the reason. given is „that.. boing a rich man already, ho cannot possibly need more. But why 1" asks tlio candidate,}'.it -makes; 1110 uo richer; 1. don't got paid for it.". 'tDonV you ?" asks tlio vbtoi. ».f I know hotter. I rend.,my.' paper regularly, aiid every day it is tlio same old story. ' Divide I divide I. nnd you do divide—the ratepayers' money.- ' No, if I; must give my; vote,,-I; will give it to ft,poor man.!'a.. Divide they certainly, do in many lands, and now-iliat Mr. ITeytlon's Pay ment1 of Members Bill has pnssedj there'll' bo - somo-j thing worth dividing amongst ,our own selcot crowd of. patriots also. .■ . , ■I ' ' # J # (^ s j; a think ho man thirst's 'for gore more than : thol man who writes for the intelligent compositor. And the following par. consoles mo thoroforo for it says. <i There are typographical errors that nrc worse than crlmos, and' ono was committed the other day by ft country nowspapor when it congratulated iv. promirient citizen who hail just been initiated into. Masonry upon having " attained the goat of his ambition." Wo'ro all in tlio swim, so'let us fill 'em up again to.tho health of tho intelligent compositoi^ 