[eoYriNUEn from .Saturday's Sl'Pl'IjK.MICNT.] RED RYVINGTON. ]»v WILLIAM WESTALL, AUTHOR OF " LA.URV LOUEKOKUf," " THE OLD FACTOllY," i:ro. CHAPTER XXVII. AN KLECTIOX " 1101) OF."—TOM CMVtOER's ATI VICE—WHO " l'AYS Till", l'll'liK?" Although Deep Handle, or, to give him the designation ho now considered Ilia duo, Mr Kyvington, had heard hia father's declaration with considerable satisfaction ho was by no means free from anxiety as to the possibilities which the strange provisions of his father's will opened up ; and u few weeks after the funeral ho took occasion to talk the matter over with his particular friend, Mr Thomas Cliviger. Thomas, or, as hia intimates generally called him, "Tom," was a yarn agent in alargewayof business with oue otlice at Whitebrook, another at Manchester, and a house iu the neighbour hood ol Deepdene. Yarn agents havo been do lined by a great authority as a class or men who spend their lives in cheating for fractions of farthings. It has even beon suggested that the most of them deserve no better fate than to be hanged in their own ynrn, like the weaver of the song. l?ut these, doubtless, are merely samples of the unfounded aspersions so frequently cast on the characters of men who got tlieir livings, and sometimes grow rich on fees, brokerages, and commission. Thu fact that yarn agents,' like stockbrokers, exist is proof presumptive that they are indispensable. Men who are indis pensable cannot bo otherwise than useful, and use ful people, though they may not invariably be endowed with alljthe virtues, aro worthy of re spect. At any rate, Tom divider thought him self as good as the bust, and associated, as lie frequently boasted, with the cremc de la crew of Wlutebrook society. He had a nice place in the country, a grouse moor in Yorkshire, went a limiting, had ridden in more than one steeple chase, and ho liked to deal in horse-flesh, of which he had the reputation of being a capital judge, even better than a trausactiou in yarn. There was probably a little horaeyness iu his charaoter, as there certainly was in his appear ance : for albeit he always dressed well, and in good taste, the out ot his trousers, the shape of his coat, the liattiness of his boots, his ligure, even, and above all, a certain jockey-like keen ness of look suggested a decided allinity for things equine. Tom had not the reputation of being rich, yet he never seemed either short of money or afraid of spending it. But it was generally supposed that ho added considerably to tho income arising from his yam agencies by shrewd dealings in cotton and judicious opera tions on tho Stock Kxchauge, aiul that ho spent brettv nearlv all ho madu. He had called at Deepdene on tlio occasion in question to inquire if Handle would accept the mastership of the AVhitebrook harriers from the beginning of the coming season. At a meeting of the subscribers, held a fe.v days previously, the present master had announced his intention of resigning, and they all thought, saidCliviger, that no one was so well qualified in overy way to become his successor as Mr Ryvington. " I don't know, Tom, I am sure," replied Handle (who, despite his doubts, was well ploased that the offer had been mado to him). " You see it is only a few weeks since my father died. Would it be right—I mean, would it be proper—forme to take a public position like that so soou after his death »" " It would not be soon after his doath. Freck lotou will keep the mastership until Novomber, aud that is something like four months olf ; and you coukl wear a black coat for a whilo, yon know. There would bo no impropriety iu that, I am sure." " No, Tom, returned R;-.ndle, with a smile. " I dou't suppose that anybody even my aunt Sophia, would object to my wearing a black coat;aud so far asjthe proprictiesare concerned, I dare say I might, as you propose, take the hounds from November next. But thero is another difficulty that weighs on me rather, and I am glad you have called, as I wanted to talk toyou aboufc.it.; You have heard something about my father's will, I dare say ?" " Not very much, or rather not much that is trustworthy. There are all sorts of stories going. You have to marry tho Princess Beatrice, I sup pose ?" Faid Tom, with a merry twinklo in liia eye, as he took a sip of his brandy and Water. ■ "Nay, haug it ; not so bad as that. But it is bad enough though. We want to keep it as quiot as possible ; but there is no secret about i .will of which anybody can get a copy for a guinea ; and I may as well tell you all, If I marry a ' lady ' before my sister marries a lord I take all the property. If my sister marries a lord or a baronet before I marry a ' lady, ' she takes all the property. If woj both marry, un titled persons, or if we don't marry at all duriug the next fivo years, the property.is divided bet ween us, Bhare and ■ share alike, you know. That is the gist of it. But Miss Ryvington de clares sho will not marry the best lord that ever breathed, even if one should ask her, which is perhaps not as unlikely as'she'imagines. The will assumes, she says, that she would bo wil ling to buy,ahusbaud—exchange her fortune for a title—aud sho is annoyed p»st everything that her father should have thought her. capablo of such an enormity." " Then you are all right." " Do you think so ? I do not see it in that light ; I only wish I did. It is all very well talk ing ; but even a romantic girl will think twice bofore she throws away. £12,000 a year ; and if a chance of keeping it—and getting a noble hus band into the bargain—were to come in her way, I am very much afraid she would accept it, in spite of her protestations." "Twelve thousand a year ! Is it so much, then ?" " Quite. None of us thought, the governor had such a pile; but lie had lots of railway stock that I knew nothing of. Ho was always very close about his affairs, you know. Yes, it is a great deal too much to run the risk of losing." " I understand now. The case seems clear enough. You must marry some earl's or raar ouis's daughter—that's all." "That's all ! Batter say a duke's daughter when you are at it," laughed Kindle. "But, unfortunately, I do not happen to number any earls, or marquises, or even barons among my acquaintances. Vou could not introduce me to one, could you, Tom ? Old Pleasiugton says the will is much more in my favour than my sister's. But, really, I do not see it. There are hundreds of spendthrift youuger sous with handles to their names, and impecunious baronets, who would only be too glad to marry a pretty girl of good family with £12,000 a year —if they had the chauce—and she will have altera before long, too, see if she lias not. But no lady of title i3 likely to seek me out and make ma an offer." " Still, there are doubtU'53 many who would be glad to have you if tlioy only knew, and iiad the chauce. A mau with £1'_',000 a year is not to be picked up every day, even in aristocratic circles." "Therein lies the difficulty, my dear uuviger. How am I to let tliera know '! I cannot adver tise, or go knocking promiscuously at the doors of earls and marquises, and ask if they havo any daughters to marry. And I am not going to marry anybody. I shall not be very exacting, but I must have youth, good looks and good temper." "So you may if you go about it in the right way,—and there is a way," said Tom, senteu tiously, as he lit another cigar. "What is it? lam sure that I shall be greatly indebted to you if you will tell me." " You must get into Parliament." " But how ?" exclaimed Handle eagerly, for the idea had already occurred to him, but its. realisation-seemed so hopeless that he had long ago dismissed it from his mind, " Stand for Whitebrook at the next election." "Xonsenss! I should not have a ghost of a chance. How could I hope to oust James Tug vrood, who has sat for the borough fifteen years and iijore ? And were not the tiro parties bo evenly matched at the last election that they agreed to divide the representation between them and have no more coutests !" " An agreement like that does not stand for ever—even if half-a-dozen men had a right to pledge a whole party, which they certainty have not. Besides, some important changes have tafceu place since tha last election, and the changcs ar.s .all in our favour. In my opinion, if we rnu two .candidates at the next election, we shall get tiieiu both iij. Most of the new mills that have been biiiit tilt his-1 /our ,or five years are Conservative ; while G am ton's, and two or three smaller concerns—aii I^iboral—have failed, and either been floated (converted juto joi'Jt-stock companies) or stopped altogether. The balance is decidedly in our favour now, whatever it was at the last election."' " You Jhink, then, that the factories return J;he members I" " Of courao they #?. Tell me how many horss pswer—ilia beit measure of political influence—iiere aro pn ifto Gqpgrarstjve, how many ca Libera,; siflp, an? / \viii till you how an clest-iw? wii) go. .Of cd^o.^tnean other tiiiags Jbtiing eauai_, cad in (quiet times'.; for if yc-i weis to pita popuk-t aa!aiiisj; ?n jitf. popular candidate, a good speaker against a bad one, or if some great question were at stake, then my calculation might be at fault." "Precisely. And if I were to contest the borough with Tugwood, I should be an un popular pitted against a popular candidate." "Not you. .lames Tugwood is respected by respectable people, perhaps, but ho ia not popular with the masses. The Tugwood'.i grind their hands too much for that, and ho is a wretchedly poor stick of a speaker. Now you speak very fairly. With r« Htt e practiec you would speak really well. Your family is well known, you livo in tho neighborhood, and have property in tho borough. V"ou are not a master, so that tho hands can have nothing against you. If tho party will adopt you as their second candidate, I think you cannot miss getting iu." " Do you think they will, though?" "They shall, if you are willing to stand. I'll be auswerable for tlmt. Will you ?" " 1 will, Tom. Apart altogether from my father's will, and that, I should bo glad to be member for Whitebrook. It is the height of my ambition." " All right, Mr. Ryvington. Duly do as I tell you, aacl you shall be member for White brook, and it: will be your own fanlt if you do not marry a duke's daughter. Once in London with M. l\ to your name, rich, and a bachelor, you will havo no difficulty in finding a wife with a handle to iiers." "I dare s:i.y you are right, Tom, But I am afraid I shall have an awfully long time to wait. Thero can hardly be an election under two or threo yoara at the soonest." "I m not aure about that," answered Cliviger,.with ajcttowin^ look. ".I heard some thing the other day that will surprise you. But this is entirely between ourselves, you know." " Certainly, if you wish it." "Well, Tugwooc's were very heavily hit in the Americiu war. They lost immensely. But everybody thought tlicy could stand it, and that they had money since. They had not, and it came to my knowledge the other day, quite accidentally, that they had been trying lately to retrieve their losses by operations iu cotton futures, and that sort of tiling. Now, I know by tho way the market has gone lately that they can only have made bad worse ; and I doubt if Tug'.voods, high as they stand, if they were wound up to-morrow, could pay twenty shill ings in tho pound. And Oliver Tugwood has not the look of a solvent man. I have made as many bad debts as most folks ; and there is a troubled, hunted expression in his eye, which I have often noticed in men who were going to fail. I do not think James Tugwood will ever stand for Whitebrook again, and I should not be surprised if he had to resign long bofore the general election. At any rate we must be pre pared." " Yon had better apeak to Bellasis iind the others at ouce, thon." " No, Ryviugton, that is not our little game. It is too soon to show our hand yet. I would not say a word to anybody until the time oomes, if only to keep the other side quint, ami leave them in the belief that thoy have uo opposition to fear. All that you have to do for the present is just to show yourself a little more. Go to a meeting now and again—it does uot matter much what it is about—and make a speech. Iucreaso your father's subscription to the local charities, double his subscription to the registra tration fund ; take an interest in schools aud churches, and such like. But say as little about politics as you can, and, above all, don't let it be seen that you mean to offer yourself as a candidate. Then, when the time comes, aud there is the question of an election—cither by reason of Tugwood's resignation or a dissolution I will tell our fellows they must light; aud that I lmvo a man ready. They will uot say nay ; and if they do, We will have your address out, aud commit them to a contest before thoy know where they are. Talking of addresses, it would uot be amiss to havo one or two ready sketched out." "Capital, splendidly conceived," exclaimed Raudle, warmly. " Why, what a clever follow you are, Tom ! You ought to set up as profes sional election agont. How can 1' sufficiently thank you ? In any event, I shall be greatly obliged to you ; but if by your help I get into Parliament, I shall bo your debtor for life. If I can do anything for you, now or any other timo, you have only to speak. But I say, how much will it C03t ?" "This is just what I was going to speak to you about. I don't suppose the legal ex penses will stand you in more than five or six hundred pounds. Anything over and above that I will see to ; but, of course, you must know nothing about that " " Of course uot, still I don't quite understand where " "The siuews of war are to come from," said Oliviger, completing the senteneo. " That is what 1 am coming to. I can arrange it all, so that nobody will lie the wiser : and you can do me a good.turn at the same time." " I am sure I shall only bo too glad if you will tell ma in what way," observed Handle, in cautiously. "Well, yon see, we are holding a large stock of cotton and yarn just now, besides being under heavy advances to onr spinners; I am afraid to say how much money we have out. This is all very well in one way, because it brings lots of grist iti the mill—indeed we were never doing so well—but it takes a lot of tin, and I have ,had to ask our bankers to increase our overdraft. They aro quite willing, only tliey want cover of some sort, and I thought, perhaps, you would give us your guarantee for about £11,000. It will be quite temporary, and I could do with less, but I intend to provide out of |it what is necessary for—you know what. A nod is as good as a wink in these matters. And then when the time comes, or rather, when it has gone by, we can squaro up." , rliio proposal was far from being agreeable to Deep Handle. Though he knew nothing of Clivigor's means or his business, ho could not help drawing from his style of living inferences not altogether favourable to Ilia solvency. At any rat;;, ho would not liavc trusted him £3,000, or even a much smaller sum, from choice ; yet, seeing that Clivigor's eo-operatiou was almost indispensable to the success of his schemes, and that tho granting of the accommodation he asked for would attacli the yarn agent to his fortunes, ho closed promptly with the offer. " All right, Tom, I'll do it," he said, after a short pause. '•Thank you very much. You will not regrot doing me this kindness, llyringtcn. If wo both live till the next election, you are as sure to be one of the members for Whitebrook as you are sitting there. You may look upon tii:<t as settled. I must not forgot about the limit, however. You will take the mastership, of course?" " Yes, and yon can say that I shall double my subscription." " Your message shall be duly delivered. I ani sure it will give great satisfaelion. And now I think I must leave. I will call one of these days to obtain your signature to that littlo docu ment." li Whenever you like, Tom," replied Handle, wlni was politic enough not to lot Olivigor see that he had any misgiving as to tho consequence of his compliance. " Hash ic," muttered the yarn agent, as he rode homeward, " I wis.li I had asked him to do five thousand. Ha would not have re fused." " Confound it," said Mr Ryvington to him self, so soon as his guest was out of earshot. "I atn very much afraid I shall have to find every blessed half-penny of that £3,000 myself. I wish I were as sure of being member for White brook." (To be continued. 