OUR CALIFORNIA LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, May 8. Our neighboring republic, Mexico, is in a transition state, and the changes its business and society are undergoing are strange as well as rapid. In the first place large accessions to its Indo Spanish population are being made from the Chinese element rejected in California, and also from the Anglo-American that makes up a large portion of the Mormon community in the Great Salt Lake Basin. The Chinaman is pressed into Mexico under the force brought to bear upon him by the white working man of the Pacing Slope ; the Mormon goes there to escape the operation of the anti-polygamous law of the United States, which is now deso lating the many-mothered households in Utah. In the second place the busi ness habits of the Mexicans are sensibly changing. Since the open ing of the railroads, and consequent influx of the sharp-eyed, quick-moving Americans, who control and manage them, the swarthy Mexican has been converted in a great measure from his old-fashioned mafiana ideas of putting off till to-morrow what ought to be done to-day, and is now as alert and prompt in a trade as any of his whiter brethren from the north. The land of the Aztecs is broadening and de veloping, and Brother Jonathan looks forward with confidence to the time when it will become an integral part of the great Yankee nation. £onie there are who advance the idea that the Mexicans, being jealous of the Americans, are encouraging the Chinese and Mormon immigration, and are looking also to a German contingent, so that they may build up the country without the aid of their northern neighbors. This idea, however, can scarcely be entertained. Mexico cannot escape its inevitable be cause geographical fate; it is already struggling in the bag of Uncle Sam's net. A lawsuit of much importance to Cali fornians, and especially to landed pro prietors, was finally, decided in our Supreme Court the other day. It was generally known as the " riparian case," the parties to it being Charles Lux, Henry Miller, and James C. Crocker, versus the Kern River Land and Canal Company. The plaintiffs claimed riparian rights in certain water courses in Kern county, while the defendants appropriated or diverted for the purpose of irrigation the water from its natural channel. The decision, which was favor of riparian rights as established by English law, was rendered by Justice McKinstry, three of the judges concurring with him. Chief Justice Morrison and Justices Ross and Myrick, however, dissented, and the dissenting opinion, as written by the last named, is interesting enough to give in full, as showing how English - speaking people living under climatic and topographical conditions differing from those which made "riparian rights" natural and proper in the old country, are becoming impatient with that stare de cisis of the common law of the old country. Judge Myrick, in dissenting from McKinstry, says:—" First, I do not think that the adoption of the common law of England by the Act of the Legis lature of this state of April 13, 1850, was intended to or did esta blish a rule of decision as to the right of appropriation of water for irrigation. The land of the birth of the common law of England had no occasion to consider or act upon the necessity for irrigation, and appropriation was not within the scope of its laws. The rights of riparian owners, whatever they were, had reference to the country and its needs, of which irrigation was not an essential part. Second, the plaintiffs in this case are not in a position to claim an abso lute right to the overflow of water through their lands. The proposition that lands which, in a state of nature, were soft, spongy, overflowed, and in consequence thereof were unfit for cultivation, and were granted for the purpose of having the water kept off or drawn off, have attached to them the right to have all the water flow to them which in the course of nature would flow, is, in my opinion, with proper respect for the views of those enter taining contrary opinions, not so clearly established as it ought to be in order to entitle plaintiffs to recover." To make the matter still more clear I add some thing regarding the situation of the parties litigant. Lux and Miller are butchers and drovers, and have a mono poly of the meat supply to San Francisco. They have an extensive hog-ranch at the outcome of Kern River, where its waters sink and convert a large area of country into a marsh and wallowing place for the swine. They have also secured riparian rights by pur chase for some distance along the banks of the river. The Land and Canal Com pany by "appropriating" water above them have lessened the flow to plaintiffs' hog-ranch, but at the same time by irri gation have converted thousands of acres of sandy desert into cultivable farms and brought a large agricultural popu lation together. By Judge McKinstry's decision the company's canals must be closed, and for want of irrigation these producing farms go back to the original desert waste. It is such cases as this that lead the people of California to question the justice of the English riparian rights principle, as applied to their dry climate and sandy lands. Most of the eastern tourists who visited the coast because of the reduced railroad fares have returned home. Many of them, as I am informed, are very much disgusted with California, its people, and their style of doing business. They ex pected more attention than they received, and were disappointed in this respect. The San Franciscans, it must be admitted, remembering their experiences with former excursion parties from Boston and Chicago, looked rather askance at the newcomers, and let them take their own sweet way without saying ay, yes, or no to them. Their desire to avoid them was in creased by the discovery that the great majority of the visitors were in their financial transactions like Peggotty's Barkis, " a little near." They tried to force copper cents on dealers in payment for small articles, and turned such short and sharp corners in trading that the more liberal-minded and larger-handed Cali fornian could not follow them. Let me give you an instance of attempted sharp practice in illustration, and just "for the fun of the thing." An Eastern visitor called upon a San Francisco resident with a letter of intro duction—said visitor, of course, being a "cutrater." He was cordially re ceived. In course of conversation the visitor expressed a wish to buy a box of good cigars — a frightfully expensive article in this city. His San Francisco friend took him to a trustworthy dealer, and by way of opening negotiations bought a couple of two-bit (24 pence in your money) cigars, one of which he pre sented to the Eastern visitor. Then, having to keep an appointment, he said to the cigar dealer, "My friend wants to make a purchase ; see that you treat him well." "AH right," was the reply. Eastern man was shown several brands of cigars, all of which he said were too expensive, until the minimum of five cents was reached, and he thought a box at that rate would suit him ; " but," he added, " I will buy the box only on condition that you receive this (producing the shil ling cigar his friend had just given him) in part payment." The cigar dealer took a short walk to get his wind, and then told the Eastern visitor he would take the proposition into consideration, and would the visitor call again when he had turned it well over in his mind. Our local papers have been filled with columns describing the new house, or, rather, marble palace that Mr. James C. Flood, the mining millionaire, has just completed on California- street heights, generally known as NobHilL It is un necessary to go into a description of this princely abode. All that wealth, guided by the enlightened and ar tistic taste of others, could do to house Cra-sus and his family in splen did style has been done. The houses that millionaires build nowadays are, as regards lavish expenditure, in the nature of challenges to contemporaneous capita lists. Vanderbilt, in New York, set the example, and it has been followed all over the country, and is still being followed, even though the exemplar has been called upon to quit his splendid mansion for the "narrow house appointed for all living." Flood is a carriagemaker by trade, but when he came to California some 35 years ago there was uo demand for this kind of industry, so like a sensible man of the world he took up another occupation. He became a liquor seller. "Jim Flood's Auction Lundi" was a famous house in its day. Then he dealt in mining stocks, and being a calculating, level-headed man, who bought and sold shares as he was wont to do the whisky in his cellars 'voila.' —he is to-day a millionaire ten times told, and lives in a marble palace. A health to success ! Whethe there is a quiet bit of satire in the fact or not, I will leave it for you to judge. But among the other decorations of the magnificent dining-room, besides the walls hung with tapestry worked into hunting scenes, there is an elaborate painting on the ceiling that cost 20,000 dollars, and it is called "The Triumph of Bacchus." Connecting the early ex periences of the owner of the mansion with this picture it looks like a sly allusion, doesn't it ! There is some apprehension felt by the conservative and wealthy people of this city concerning the great parade of the federated trades unions to take place in our streets on Tuesday next, the 11th instant. This demonstration, coming as it does on the heels of the rioting and bloodshed that has happened in Chicago and Milwaukee in connection with labor troubles, may well awaken anxiety. The power of evil example is known, and there are some reckless persons among the decent working men, whose presence may produce the mischief dreaded. Already preparations on a grand scale are being made for this parade, and already strange men may be seen in knots at the street corners—men with unkempt hair, untidy dress, lowering brows, and furtire glances. They have come to the surface suddenly, as the sous culottes come in the streets of Paris when a revolution is threatened. A policeman tells me there are a great many Euro pean Socialists keeping quiet in San Francisco at the present time. If so, the strange men I mention must be of their number; they think they see in the coming parade an opportunity for a little "business." The Governor of the State has proclaimed the 11th a general holiday, and, therefore, the time most to be dreaded is when the processionists are dismissed and the drinking begins—when the yeasty lager bier, the favorite tipple in this city among the working classes, is maddening the brain. Some are disposed to blame Stonenian for giving what they call undue importance to the labor demon stration, but I think his move a judicious one. It will enable bankers and other business men to close their offices out of respect to the chief magistrate's wishes, and not, as it might otherwise appear, because they feared mischief. The Chief of Police has made the most complete pre parations, on the quiet, to meet any trouble that may arise, while squads of militia will find an excuse for being at their respective armories all day and night on Tuesday. Again the Apache, Geronimo (the chief whom General Cook allowed to slip through his fingers after he had formally surrendered) and his band are on the war-path in Arizona, and they are paint ing the territory red, as the saying is, with the blood of white men, women, and children. It is now proposed to corral these Indians on Santa Catalina Island lying off the coast of Southern California, where they would certainly be prevented from doing any mischief in future, and from which it would be impossible for them to escape. If the Government suc ceed in thus isolating these " gentle savages" they may, to keep their hand in at bloodshedding, fall to fighting among themselves, which eventually would lead to a thinning of their numbers, if not to extermination—a consummation devoutly to be wished. The merry month of May is the signal for the comfortably-fixed San Franciscan, so far as coin is concerned, to hie him to the country for the summer. Already the exodus has commenced. I miss fami liar faces from the 'Change, the mart, and the street, and I read of them at Lake Tahoe, the Geysers, Gilroy, Calistoga, Paso Robk-s, or, at some other of the hun dred and-one watering-places that offer health and pleasure to the dwellers of the city. The summer ex cursion that has grown into great favor lately is a trip to Alaska and back. Tourist parties are formed for the purpose of getting tickets at reduced price, and the experience of those who make the round trip, occupying about a month, is one of almost unalloyed satis faction. The steamers are large and com fortable, and for a thousand miles or more the navigation is on a Sound, where the water is of lake-like smoothness and the scenery grand and picturesque. To have done Alaska is quite as much the ! thing for a San Franciscan as to liave clinibed the Matterhorn or Mont Blanc is for a member of the London Alpine Club. It is indeed worth going a long way to behold the magnificent glaciers of the far North, and to watch the stately iceberss parting company from the mass to drift off and lose themselves in warmer seas. The press of this city is becoming a little more interested in the Australian colonies than they were wont to be. This j is due to the arrival of Mr. E. T. Mills, managing director of the Union Steam ship Company of Australia and New- Zealand, and also the return of Mr. A. S. Ballidie, a well-known citizen, from a visit to the colonies. Mr. Mills speaks very hopefully of the prospect of laying a Trans- Pacific cable from San Fran ciECO to .New Zealand via Honolulu, : and of the benefit which would ensue to both countries. He had left for England with this and other busi ness in view. Mr. Hallidie, judging from his statements to the reporter who interviewed him, was not very much struck by^the business methods of the colonies, ahd thinks the railroad system and management in particular crude and imperfect. He is of opinion there is too much "Government, 71 especially in railroad matters, and that the people, instead of relying upon individual en terprise and energy to advance their interests, resorted, to the ftovenunent for aid. That is a very American way of looking at the subject. Mr. Hallidie. however, was much impressed with the care your authorities take of the working classes, and speaks admiringly of your paiks, free libraries, museums, and botanical gardens, set apart for the in struction and amusement of the rich and poor alike. In the list of San Francisco's necrology for the month occurs the name of D. J. Oliver, a worthy man and a good citizen. He had acquired great wealth from the humblest beginnings, but always was generous with his money in assisting the unfortunate. During a visit to Rome Mr. Oliver, who is a devout Catholic, contributed so largely to the Papal treasury that his Holiness created him a Knight of the Holy Ghost, at which the Protestant portion of the community here, and indeed many of bis own faith were disposed to poke a little fun. I remem ber, too, that some of our hypercritical editors debated the matter in the columns of their newspapers, whether Mr. Oliver, being an Amgr??*"? citizen and a, Re publican, could accept without peril to his citizenship an order of knighthood con ferred by a foreign potentate. The gentleman passed away in what the clergyman of his church called 4i the odor of sanctity," and after the tomb had closed over his mortal remains there came letters from Gal way thanking Mr. Oliver for remit tances in aid of the inhabitants of the Inland of Arran and other impoverished districts in Ireland. " The actions of the just smell sweet and blossom in the dust." Our hotels have been doing an enormous business tin's spring, owing to the number of eastern visitors. It was estimated by a clerk that one particular night lately the hotels of San Francisco must have con tained over 10,000 people The Palace alone, the largest in the place, held about 1,."KX1. The different nrst-class houses hive been turning people away for three weeks, and as for the second and third class guests these are packed like sardines in a case. The summer rush, moreover, has not begun, and Providence only knows where the 15,000 or 20,000 members of the <>'rand Army of the Republic, to convene here in August, veil! be bestowed. San Francisco lawyers are proverbially as hot-headed and as quick in quarrel as a French sous-lieutenant from Britany. There came very near being a sanguinary scene, for this reason, in one of our courts the other day, and of all courts, that of probate! One would think a tribunal devoted to the affairs of dead men ought to have a quieting influence, and allay angry passions. A -witness was being examined in the Fallon -will case, as it is called. Critten den, the cross-examining lawyer, asked a question which Matthews, the opposing counsel, termed a " piece of im pertinence." In a moment both lawyers jumped to their feet, facing each other with countenances inflamed by passion, and liands on their pistols. The deputy-sheriff of the court, however, was quick as ' a flash, and before Crtttenden could draw his weapon, he bad grasped the lawyer by the wrists, otherwise there might have been one or two names less on the list of the San Francisco bar. Judge Cotiey said sternly—"(ientlemcn, you are both in contempt," and directed the sheriff to take them into custody. When the court reconvened the lawyers apologised to the bench, and the judge imposed a fine of 100 dollars on each, which was paid by a cheque on their respective bankers. A medical man with the sounding name of Dr. J. Milton Bowers, and who is well known in this city, is scanding in the shadow of the gallows. After a long trial he has been found guilty of murder in the fh-st degree—the victim being his third wife. During the trial facts came out that had very much the tone of some of Warren's statements in his " Diary of a Late Physician," and it would seem as if the doctor had a Bluebeard-like faculty in putting wives out of the way. The one j that has brought Ms neck to the noose perished from poisoning by phosphorus, and wonder is expressed by medical men that he should have used an agent of destruction which can be so easily de tected. Bowers has hopes of escaping the consequences of his act on two grounds—a new trial, or the commutation of his sentence to imprisonment for life. The theatres are doing scarcely any thing since Mary Anderson left the Baldwin. Mr. Lawrence Barrett is now playing a round of his favorite pieces there, including "Hernani," the famous Hugo drama. At the California the management are running " The Field of the Cloth of Gold" and "Ali Baba" burlesques. Harrison and Gourlay are giving farce-comedy at the Bush; and at die Standard a young ventriloquist from Adelaide named Slillis is filling the house by a characteristic entertainment called "Sans SoucL" 