An Irish. Eviction : A TRUE STORY DEDICATED TO LORD - By Mr. B. Weller. (Hibernia.) The snow had fallen softly in the night Over the country, cold and desolate, Till, with the first faint gleaming of the morn Half gold, half purple, there was not a tree Unwhitened. The tall castle reared itself Like a hoar mountain. There the bright flames shone Full on each oaken panel of the hall In floods of crimson ; all the rich wine sparkled Rarely in glasses that the revellers Chinked with a jolly sound ; and music stole Melodiously, and with an equal time, While the glad dancers tripped it up and down. The woman, beautiful in flowing silks, Opened her heart to gaiety and love, Wound roses in her hair and diamonds. Earl and high lady, children nobly born, Laughter-lipped, fled into the carnival. And a cottage lay Some few green meadows from the castle gates Like a white grave. The broken railings twined Mournfully around it, and a single tile Glowed red and ruddy ; from the humble roof No purple smoke curled in the frosty air ; Ashes, gray ashes, scattered on the hearth ; And nakedness upon the ruthless stones Shivering as the talons of the wind Tixed eagerly on the wasted flesh, and drew Sharply a wail of utter misery From lips that never softened into smiles. Like a tall, stricken ghost, Over those ashes leaned a starving man ; One arm tossed up, and one stiff at his side. So he stood rigid ; and his shadow' fell Fitfully on the wall. His roving glance Marked his poor infant feeding on a crust— He turned, and with those ravenous fingers robbed That little one. And then he cast his eyes On a pale woman, dying in her rags : Cast them all mutely, while he moved his lips But spake no word ; and she all mutely cast Her eyes upon him. He bowed down and said. In a clear whisper, “ Ashes and ashes—death !” And doubled up his shrunken arms, and beat Over his heart, and drove his brows together And called on Heaven loudly. And again he bowed His head, and muttered, “ Ashes, ashes—death ! The fields are full of food, the barns are stored With corn ; the great sun shines and shines again. And the rains fa'l that all the fruits may come To ripeness ; yet she starves ! How I have seen Her eyes grow dimmer, and her gentle face Fade day by day and sadden ! Look ! these hands Have robbed my little child. They quiver and shake With every wind—and die 1” Forward and back He rocked, still saying, “ Ashes, ashes—death!” Till, in most softened tones the woman prayed That he would kneel and kiss her on the cheek, For ihe was dying : and, while she was kissed, She stretched out and died. He gave no cry As a good angel took her from the world. It may be that his face half gladdened—-all Her pain was over. Never more for her The sorrow and the anguish ; never more Her children crying for a little food. So his wild face half gladdened with the thought ; But soon he covered up his face, and wept That she was taken ; and throughout the night He wept for her. The cheerless morning broke. Arid still he wept for her. Then merry laughter travelled on the breeze, The cottage door burst open; noisy men Stood on the threshold and strode in the room, Till one, who had the roughest heart of all, Cried out, “The earl lias ordered that you quit This cotta.re on the instant ! We are come To do his bidding.” How he looked on them Like a poor dove that has not long to live. But no words came to help him. One long sigh Crept from the broken heart. Across his brow He drew one hand in agony. They seized On the dead woman thoughtlessly, to shake Her out of slumber. Then his passion flamed, lie glared upon them like an awful god That slays the wicked, as his voice rang ont Hoarsely, “ Touch not that woman—she is dead ! Turn these young children naked to the wind, Hustle me forth that I may find a grave, But if you touch that woman lying dead You shall not live !” Again he turned, and stood i Like a tall stricken ghost. The men who strode With lusty laughter across the room half Shrank back and shuddered. All his body shook In tumult, and his maniac voice screamed forth Shrill and unearthly as he rent the rags Clear from his body. “Is my lord,” he cried, “ Drinking his wine out of a silver cup ? And is my lady ready for the dance ? Go ! tell him to come here and drink his wines With death, and let my lady dance about The rags of this dead woman !” But with tongues Cloven, and gasping for a little breath, Appalled, they fled. 