house' on assembly. ?' ; Wednesday;'Skitkmubii'22. The Speaker took the chair at 4 pm. "' I . s s PETITIONS.' .;. -,! -i Dr. HUSTON presented a petition from the ratepayers of the South Bridgewater Road Trust, praying for assistance to complete a piece of unfornioJ'roud lumber district. " ' and" " a, ""',' V "? Upon" the recommendation of the SPEAKER! 'who' considered "the" petition contained a doubtful, prayer, railway with-, drawn with a view of sending- if'to'lho' Governor-in-Council s i) i I Mr. REIBEY presented a petition from 119 residents of Evandale, etc, praying for the completion of the road from- Ivory's "Bight to the Scottsdale-road in accordance with the decision of Parliament last session, The petition was road and received. Mr. LUCAS presented a petition of from electors of Victoria in public meeting assembled against the taxation proposals, of the Government with reference. to the real estate duty., ' The petition was read and received. NOTICES OF, MOTION. Mr. GRAY to move That the Parliamentary plant for the construction of a railway from Bollol ivo to Sorell, and for which the sum of £58,700 (44 - Vict. No. 11) were authorised by I'm liament to be provided by loan for the said railway in accordance with the said plans, and which said sum of £58,700 was included in the loan of £1,000,000 recently raised by debentures, be laid upon the table of this House. (Thurs- day.) - ' ' ' A ' Dr. E. L. CROWTHER to move For the appropriation of a sum not exceeding £300, to no expended upon a road known as Daly's, extending from the beach to the back settlements. (Thursday. Mr. HART to ask the Minister of Lands when the tenders for construction of the Chudleigh Railway will be called for (Thursday.) Mr. DOOLEY to more For a return showing the whole acreage of < Tasmania and its dependencies ; acreage alienated ; do., under contract for alienation ; do., under artificial grass ; do., under all other crops ; do,, in any way improved ; do.; leased for mineral purposes ; do., for pastoral purposes. (Thursday.) ' Mr. W. T.H. BROWN to ask the Treasurer whether it is the intention, of the Government to remove any of the pilotage and other port charges imposed upon the Shaw-Savill line ' of steamers calling at Hobart on their way to New Zealand. (Thurs Sir. W. T. H. BROWN to move That the pilotage and other port charges now imposed upon the Shaw-Savill line of steamers now calling at Hobart be refunded or materially reduced. (Thursday.) l Mr. HUSTON to move That all correspondence re appointment of Mr. Saville Kent to the Fisheries department, and all letters in the hands of the Salmon Commissioners relative to the same and all correspondence between the Salmon Commissioners and the Chief Secretary as to the relations between the Salmon Commissioners and Mr. Saville-Kent, and correspondence and petitions as to the alteration of season in North and South, and any letters of Mr. Kent on the subject, be laid on the table of this House. (Thursday.) . ; Mr. BRADDON to move a soil is of motions for the appropriation of a sum not exceeding £500 for improvement of the South road, Leven; £500 for the Nine- Mile road;' £300 for the Pine-road, nest extension ; £500 for the Iron Cliff- road; £200 for the Zigzag road ; £500 for theBlyth-road ; £1,000 for the Pine- road; £200forthbLowerGawlor-road . £800 for the Old Gawler-road ; £250 for road from Hamilton-on-Forth to Forth Heads;, £500 for road from Don jetty, southwards; J I ' ,.-'". 'I They'll H) [ | U . ' 7/1 i F. I"" i ii Kit of iMlJ andtlJWJ) for improve credit and continuation of the Penguin In coldwater. (Thursday.) \- Mr.- SUTTON to move, - Foreshore. proprietor of a sum not exceeding £500 for the purpose of cutting a track to Mount! Lyell goldfields, via Pockthornu, Parknook,, and the (Hon, or an alternative route via Connorville. (Thursday.) , PRINTING. , ,,' Mr. BELBIN brought? up the report t of the P. in the Committee, which was read and adopted. a PAPERS. I / The MINISTER OF LANDS laid upon the table the following papers :- Engineer's report of the sun roy of Lower Piper branch railway moved for by Mr. Conway j petition re entrance to Piper's lti\or-nioved for by Mr. Conway ; petition re road accommodation from Railton, oto.-mo\cd for by Mr. Dooley; return of expenditure. during first six months of 1830 upon the Emu Bay break-, water moved for by Mr. Conway; control-' Bpoudouco, etc, relating to proposed railways on the N.W. Coast- moved for by Mr. Young ; petition re road from Hamilton Hill of) Darlington moved for by Mr. Braddon. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL tabled the report of the examination for State school exhibitions and the report of the examination for the Council of Education exhibitions, which were ordered to be printed. Also a F reclamation under the Diseased Animals Importation Prevention Act. The TREASURERtabledsroturn of letters and telegrams received and despatched during the first half of 1886 at Latrobe, Torquay, Ulverstone, Burnie, and Wjnyard-tuoiud for by Mr. Braddon. CENTRALISATION OF POLICE. Mr. REIBEY named the following members to form a Select Committee to enquire into the question of centralising the police : Messrs. Huston, Pillinger, Bra Idon, Barrett, Fitzgerald, Davies, and the mover. QUESTIONS. Mr. LETTE asked the Minister of Lands, " When the money voted last session for opening the road from Ivery's Bight via King's Lane, to the Scottsdale road will be ex- tended." The MINISTER OF LANDS said it was proposed to ask Parliament to inappropriate | the amount voted for the road for an alternative one, which would serve the accommodation of those requiring the road at a smaller expense. Mr. DOOLEY asked the Minister of Lands, " The reason why the order of the House, dated September 11, 18311 the. report on railways had not been complied with." The MINISTER OF LANDS said an ex animation had been made of the various lines in compliance with an order in 1881, and the report would be submitted in a fun days. Mr. BIRD asked the Attorney-General, Whether the Gover amounts will make provision this session for the establishment of a court and registry omeo at Geeveston, which is the natural and most convenient centre for a thousand people, 'whose nearest court and registry offices is nine miles from Geeveston on one side, and 12 miles on the other ?" The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said if a deputy-registrar were appointed for Geeves- ton, a new district would have to be Ipi'O: claimed, but the matter would be taken into consideration. '.' , Mr.BIRDaskod the Tre'asuret,-"Whether, in order to facilitate the growing intercolonial shipping trade at Shipwrights' Point, Huon, he will take the necessary steps to. make that place a port of entry and clearance The TREASURER said the question of making Shipwrights' Point a port of clearance was under consideration, but it was not the intention of the Government, to provide a port of entry there at present. Mr. BIRD asked the Attorney-General, for- the Minister of Education,-" Whether any steps have been taken towards the erection' of a State school at Hastings, it having been understood that a flinn sufficient for that purpose of was included in the Public Schools Erection Vote of last year I" , ,, , ,¡ The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said, no steps had been taken.' ' ' , " ADJOURNED DEBATE ON ''THE PUBLIC' WORKS; DEPARTMENT ' ; , Mr. CONWAY expressed his surprise that no direct charge ball been minds Upon the Ministers and their servants by, the coroner, the motion, which would have enabled the House to understand what was meant "A commission harVbcen appointed 'to enquire into the faults in the working of- the Public Works department, and the gentlemen having, been selected by the Government, they should have been protected from insult by the Government. After the treatment the commissioners had received,' it was hardly likely that the colony would over obtain the services of a similar body of men again. There was no doubt that grave faults existed in the department, but Parliament was as much to blame in those mutters'as Ministeralist they had urged these works upon the Government before their plans were matured. He did not think that the Engineer in-Chief had sufficient, assistance, and he believed that there was a want of unanimity among the officers of the department.' He' know that one of the inspectors was often idling away his time at sale yards when his services were required by the country. He had also heard that a Government officer was allowed'to'take private work and compete with outside professional men. ' A searching enquiry was absolutely necessary, and though he believed the Government would have a majority in the division upon the motion, he considered the discussion would have abcnoH cial effect He defended the contractors from the general stigma that had been cast upon them. When private people called for tenders they received many more than the Government, usually did, and this was owing to the toast ment theyiacoivcd at the hands of the officers of the department. Many of these officers were selected for anything but proper nual- ' lication. ii The great cause of the want of confidence in the public works department, was the absence of any proper organisation. He believed the Engineer-in-Chief was an excellent officer, and not paid nearly so well as an or dinary consulting engineer. He did not agree with the remarks of the Treasury as to the qualities of the road inspector, from which the' House, might almost believe that this officer was much more valuable than the Engineer-in-Chief. The latter officer I was not treated properly, and had not sufficient assistance, whilst the inspector of roads are- always giving annoyance to contractors'. Rogaidingtho Derwent Valley Railway Two did not think matters were so bad as i represented,' That there -is as cause for complaint in the. waterways on the,,DoiHont Valley line he, had not the slightest hesitation in saving. That arose from want of judgment and not taking the opinion of old residents in the district. He gave instances of similar miss' takes which had been made within his own knowledge on the Launceston and Wester n Railway. Referring to the Back Thorwald,. there was no doubt a great deal of money' might have been, saved, but now he thought that, having made a mistake, they were proceeding. in the light direction in strengthen-, ing the works.,, A great deal of alarm had been raised in regard to No. 1 bridge, butter thought that they would be quite composed sated by the extra strength they had got in the abutments.' He should have liked to, have seen the, piers with a little more base, but,' as far as strength went, he thought value had been got for the money expended He objected to the caissons that' were to be put there, but that was for the engi \- needed to decide and not members of Parliament. He did not think that the £24,01)0 that had been talked about would be badly, spènti'as'it would give an accommodation road as well as a railway load. In regard to the Scottsdale Railway, which more particularly affected his district, he thought that £70,000' could have been saved by gums 'them 12 miles more railway. The working expenses would have been cheaper. and it would have taken the line down to Alford and Lower Piper, and so avoided the construction of the tunnel. Better material would have been secured for railway construction, and the line would not be required to be gone so far above the level of the sea. He had tried to show that there was a little I blame attached to the department, and he trusted that the game was not far distant when the Minister would make a searching enquiry into the department, and introduce the necessary reforms. Mr. CRISP said that he would support the department as a whole. The Ministers could not please every one, but their present scheme was one of moderation; not giving too much to the city, nor forgetting the country. The Minister took blame where (it was due, but showed that his (department would compare favourably with other departments in the other colonies. Looking to all the circumstances he would vote against the hon. member for West Devon, which he regarded as a round about no confidence motion in the Ministry. - (Hear, hear.)! Though the Ministry were not faultless, he considered that they had done more to advance the progress of the colony and maintain its credit under extraordinary difficulties than any preceding Ministry, and he would never be a party to turn them out by a side wind until Iiojwas sure that their places could be, filled by better men. (Cheers.) Mr. YOUNG said that the motion before them had been very much criticised, but he thought the wording was plain enough, and its; opponents asked them to say that the Public Works department was be perfect it did not require reforming. (No.) The MINES HER OF LANDS: That is not Queen's English. (Laughter.) Mr. YOUNG read over the motion, and asked what kind of Administration should have the confidence of the House? In the first part they should have a head over the department who. was skilled and of sufficient administrative ability to control his subordinates, and instinct them as towhatthoy should do. Then, Labor senators should be well drilled, obedient, and subordinate to their chief. It was necessary, also, that he should be of such professional standing that he would not allow outsiders to influence him. The present head, and he did not doubt his honesty, had allowed himself to be influenced by the Ministerial head of the department, and to make his works correspond therewith. Lay members could not discuss the merits of the Chief Engineer, but the report of the Royal Commission chosen by the Ministry; itself was not favourable,, Neither did Mr. ? ii ' V; i .'<*'/ Mals or Professor Kernot, to whom reference was madu.fiillyappreve of those bridges on the Derwent Valley Railway. He could not believe that the present department required a reforMs, and therefore would vote for the mother of his friend the hon. member for West Devon. The lion. Minister's remarks as to his inexperience was very like a confession, but it was not followed by a promise of amendment. Otherwise there would not have been any necessity for this motion. He I did not think the department would be right until it had a professional head that would not be influenced, or rather would be made pendent of Ministers. If. a man of this description was at the head of this department thousands of pounds would have been saved. He hardly know what to think of the treatment which the members of the Royal Commission had received, but he hoped that they would yet receive a vote of thanks from this House for the careful, honest, and straightforward report they had made (Hear, hear.) Mr. HARTNOLL said that the hon. member for West Devon had said that he approached the subject with an overpowering sense of its importance, but it occurred to him that the hon. member was only playing at battledore. The mountain of the Opposi- tion had been in labour, and only brought forward a mouse, or perhaps he should say mice. (Hear, hear.) The first of those was deviations, and in regard to that on the Scottsdale Line, has agreed that if that railway had been actually altered opening a road to a different settlement, without the sanction of Parliament being asked, that was an infringement of the Constitution of the Colony. To that extent he thoroughly agreed with the hon. member for West Devon. He regarded that as the truest part of the hon. member's motion, and in that par- ticular- instance Ministers, to some extent, deserved the censure of the House. With regard to deviation generally, however, he thought that the hon. member had been well answered. The hon. member also spoke with' considerable force when he asked what was the value of Ministerial promises in regard to tenders. He had had - some experience in regard to such promises, and he confessed' that they 'Wore not in favour with him, particularly after what had trans-, fired in regard to the tender for a dredger for the Moi say. He addressed The Mercury on, the subject, and thus brought the subject under the notice of the Minister of Lands, from whom he received a positive assurance that that particular work, and all works of like magnitude, would he tendered for. If. that promise had been carried out, the particular work in question would have been constructed quite as well as it could be by the gentleman who had now the contract, for £7,000 or £2,500 under the amount that was now given. Mr. BRADDON : Moro wastes Mr. HARTNOLL said most distinctly that tenders for all works in the department should be called for, and the lowest tender, or the person most capable, should receive it. There should be no favour shown. ' Another matter to which he wished to' 'draw attention was in regard to the railway sur- vice. Encouragement in tho shape of rates should be given to farmers to bring their produce by the railways. He knew that nearly the whole of the produce from the Evandale district had been diverted from the Launceston and Western Rallway/and'trans-' ferred to the Main Line Railway because the latter carried their produce 1s. per ton under the Government charge. In another case a farmer at Longford who contributed £000 in rates asked for a concession, and on not receiving one, he determined to put on his own teams on the road, and so the ro interest to the extent of £000. The Hon., Minister, would probably say that it was not correct to make those concevions-(hoar, hear-but a reduction had been made in the case of the carriage of coal, providing 500 tons per week was sent, equal to 25 per cent. If they granted reductions on coal they should also ah so on produce. The hon. member for West Devon had talked about Diogenes, but he himself' resembled Diogenes, and had failed to find any honest men on the Government Benches, but on the Opposition Benches had had found philosophy, finance, law, and physic, in fact ' a combination of all the talents.' (Laughter). No doubt there were considerable errors s in the department, and the sooner it was reorganised the' better. But he wail forcing To that extent and would I not like to see the present administration put out of place to put in a number'of'gontlumcn who would not, he thought, ad vance the interests of the colony to the same extent. He would ask ' were the talents of the ' hon. members opposite superior to the talents of, those who occupied the Government Benches. He' would ask .' had the gentlemen opposite, been loyal to themselves," and would it be fair to expect they would be loyal to the country. The hon, member for Westbury, who, last year, led the Opposition with such skill and courtesy, and the hon. member for Oatlands, were both entitled to prominent positions on the Opposition benches. The ion.'' member for west Devon was the very gentleman who had cast ' censure upon the colony, had decried it on many occasions, and held this Parliament up to ridicule. He did not mind that in the hon. member in his private capacity, but when he occupied the position of leader of the Opposition, or a leading position on the other side of the House, these must come up as ghosts of the past, and, to some extent, frighten him. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: He' has regretted all that Mr. HARTNOLL said the retraction had not had the same publicity as the statements had in the first instance Financial errors made on several occasions by hon, member for Franklin would not w arrant them in putting confidence in i him as Treasurer, and the hon. member who would! occupy the position of law officer had only been a few rooms in the colony. He thought, in voting against the motion of the Leader of the Opposition, he was following the best wishes of all those who had the welfare of the colony at heart. (Hear, hearing.- - Mr. DUMARESQ, said that the hon. member who had just sat down said that the Opposition ii i o playing at battledore and shuttlecock, but he thought the Government supporters were playing at nine pins, for they put their men up, knocked them down, and then left them standing. ' He had seldom heard a farmer defence than that made of the Government position, and it seemed to be the general opinion of the House that reform i wastcquiiod in this department. It was admitted that the Engineer-in-Chief had more than he could do, and if the Government had, come forward and had asked for time to 'oiganiso'aproper staff, he thought there was BUihclent good feeling in the House to have affected them the time acquired. [Hear, ,licav.).,Ho thought the Royal Commission do served tho.tbauGa of the colony, and he would 'l¡Ico'tb~"¿oe some public recognition of their services. ' It had been said that some of them were not familiar with narrow gauge rail ways but he would point out that one of the gentlemen was the Engineer-in-Chief of a colony which had first introduced the narrow, gauge railway principle.' He would support 'the motion', as he did not believe in speaking one way and voting another. (Hear, hear.)" t, Dr. CROWTHER said ho.wouldisuppoit the motion,, though he did not like if, as there were things, in the (Public Works Do-, partment that he did like, though there were also things that he did not like. He alluded to the pitiable waste of money that had taken' pi ice. Hoibeliovod Mr. Fincham was a most valuable officer, as well as the engineer of roads, whom he had reason to speak of in the highest terms.' It should be possible to have the families that had occurred remedied., He knOW of several public officers who did their work to the best of their ability, and he did not like to learn the whole department I'blamed. They should not, however, be told, that it was the want of assistance of our Parliament ''that had prevented Ministers from asking for- further help. He' felt they wanted a Board- of Advice to assist the Ministers, as he had advocated on many previous occasions The MINISTER of LANDS ! That's what always advocated. ?'" .- J Dr. CROWTHER said he was glad to hear it. He thought the settlers should have some finality as to their roads, cap and he would like to see main roads pushed into every part of the colony where it was not possible to have a railway. He thought the commission had not been treated properly, though he had no hesitation in saying they had made unfounded assertions. It would be difficult to get men again to take similar positions. He hoped the discussion which had taken place would serve as a lesson to the Government as to their future conduct. Mr. HAWKES thought the proper conduct of the Public Works department was of the gravest Importance in a young colony, and against these departments in all colonies there was more public' criticism launched than against any other. departments. The report of the Commission showed there were errors in that department. It. was a grave mistake to allow Civil servants to discuss public questions' in the Press. There also seemed to be a tendency on the part of hon.' ' men be a to interfere with Civil servants through the ministers, which was even more objectionable, as it could not but tend to destroy discipline. Tito, Civil servants had never been educated up to deal with such large questions as had lately come under their attention, and on that score alone, extenuation should be granted them. He would like to have seen their mining industry assisted more; when they would not, have had to complain of surplus population, which was advanced as one of the reasons why the rail way schemes, were burn ed on. The statement of the origi- need of roads that political pressure was brought to bear in the case of the Leven Bridge should be enquired into. He would oppose the motion, as he did not think it would conduce to the best interests of the colony to put the Ministry out of power at the present juncture Mr. BIRD said that unless one had a mind of his own and, little independence, he would not know how to net after all the ad vice that had been given for so many sources. He had certainly expected One-, thing better from the Northern oracle who had spoken. The intention of the Government supporters seemed to be to discard the whole report of the commission. The advice given by a Northern organ was' to the effect that theE report of the Royal Commission should be east to the winds, and let members speak respecting what; they themselves Mt, | ,'HliUluM Vic ' ' "'' "'.' 'Oh 'why i' ' ' Illida bun 'Am Yin Willi 1 21 '?.-' -'' He was not inclinded to follow that advice, as experts who were brought over here at great expense to the country to report upon certain matters were deserving of every respect, as their report was worthy of consideration. Another organ nearer home said it was undesirable to debate those matters, as there was no third party in the House to act as referee for the jury. But he could assure hon. members that there was a judge who was carefully noting the discussion which was taking place in that House, and that judge public opinion would soon give its verdict. Whatever was the result of the division on the motion, and he considered it a foregone conclusion, the discussion would do a great amount of good, and the country would be thankful that the report of the commissioners had been so thoroughly canvassed by members of this House. It was a thankless task to speak in condemnation of those in power, but of course it might be congenial to members of the Opposition ; still it would be much more pleasant to be able to speak in terms of approbation of the working of the various departments, and he would have been pleased if the Public Works department had been so conducted as to prevent the necessity of the Royal Commission. He joined in the con- demnation contained in the motion before the House, and in his utterances of con- damnation he did not wish to convey that Ameers or Ministers had shown any lack of honour or integrity, but blame was attached to their incapacity and unconstitutional conduct in respect to the carrying out of public works, He admitted that much good had been effected in the Public Works department during the past two years, but white Ministers were careful to take credit for the same, that amount of improvement had not taken place which was justified by the time and circumstances. It had been his (Mr. Bird's duty to speak in condemnation of the excess of cost over estimates, and he had in- stanced the Deloraine and Mersey Railway. He had based his arguments upon the authority of those in a position to know, that the line would cost £50,000 more than the estimated cost, and the result proved even that excess was overreached by £20,000. The MINISTER OF LANDS : We have got a good line. ? Mr BIRD : That is nothing to the point. The House was told that certain works would be done for so much money J and had hon. members known that estimate would have been exceeded by some thousands of pounds, it was questionable whether the grant would have been sanctioned. by Parliament. Many extravagances were referred to by the late member for Wellington, which led up to that member moving for the appointment of a Royal Commission to enquire into the whole matter. i >' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: The member for Central Hobart, Mr. Guesdon, was the mover of that motion, I , Mr BIRD : Well, Mr. Norton-Smith was a great supporter of that motion, and he would join with those members who had already referred to the matter that some expression of gratitude should be sent to the gentlemen forming that commission for their exhaustive labours. There were possibly mistakes mode; but the report showed on the face of it that, they had carried out their work with a i determination I and business capacity that compelled' members to enquire into the conclusions they arrived at, and see if those conclusions were justified by the evidence adduced. He would divide his arguments into the following sections : 1\. What are the charges made against the department? 2. Can those be sustained' by reliable evidence? 8. What, defence his been offered! 4. What is that defence worth? -5. And what the verdict to be recorded ? Mr. Bird then enumerated the charges against the Ministry, having reference principally to the slackness of supervision in the Public Works department, and the alleged waste of public money in the carrying out of unauthorised devia- tions in lines of railway. He thought these could be sustained from the evidence of the Engineer-in-Chief himself, along with that of others, and quoted from the evidence taken before the commission in support of his contention. The first of these charges was the necessity of a uniformity of construction in regard to railways, culverts, bridges, etc., a heavy expense buying entailed in consequence of of fresh drawings being required for, every such work. The next item was the fact of alterations being made in important public works without the Engineer-in-Chief being consulted. The commissioners had pointed out that detailed drawings had been given to contractors without the signature of the Engineer-in-Chief being attached. He was prepared to submit oil . donee on this score, but he would not occupy the time of the House by so doing. This was a system the commissioners could not too strongly condemn. The Engineer-in- Chief had authorised important deviations, although such deviations had entailed extra cost to the country, and were not always desirable. This was a fact Ministers themselves were forced to acknowledge. Referring to the Scottsdale line, he said when the original line was proposed in 1889 it was intended to go around by the Lower Piper, going near Lefroy and generally traversing a more level country. At that time the Engineer-in-Chief strongly objected to the Upper Piper route because of the in creased haulage and cost of maintenance which made it more desirable to take the longer route. What, then, led to the change of front the part of the Engineering Chief? It had not yet been explained satisfactorily. Then there was the Avoca devia- tion, which the Engineer-in-Chief record mondod against his better judgment. The Minister of Lands had informed the Commissioners that this officer had protested against the deviation, but it was carried out to please the people of Avoca. The MINISTER OF LANDS a Latrobe over again. Mr. BIRD wanted it to be clearly understood that the Latrobe deviation was sanctioned by the House. The MINISTER OF LANDS : Certainly not., i s i I i is - Mr-. BIRD : Was that deviation , under- taken without the sanction of Parliament? The MINISTER OF LANDS : I will explain at the proper time. ; Mr. Miln contended that the L Latrobe deviation had been sanctioned by the House, and could not be contrasted with the Avoca deviation, which was shown in the evidence to have been carried out against the better judgment of the Engineer-in-Chief to please the Avoca, people. and whom also he did not J-now. i The commissioners said that the reasons given for the devia- tion were neither intelligible or satisfactory. The Engineer-in-Chief was strongly in favour of the original line, but to satisfy the resi- den to of Avoca he instructed Mr. Climie to report upon, it. It was a clear case of,, miss; calculation the part of the resident engineer, and a clear case of neglect on the part of the Engineer-in-Chief to check the calculations of his officer. 'It was clearly proved too that the inconvenient position i chosen for, the station had increased the cost, and the i Engineer-in-Chief 'hall, not considered the effect of this devia- tion upon the Parliamentary estimate. Then , there was the Killymoon deviation, by which, the line was taken a little closer to the mines of private companies without any corresponding advantage to the Government for the extra cost _ If the line had been taken, along the original route these companies would have been willing enough to make branch lines. The letter of Mr. James Grant had been quoted in favour of the deviation, and though it was entitled to some weight, there were others entitled to form an opinion, and it was considered that there was a disposition to assist the owners of these mines at the expense of the country, though he hoped it was not so. The fourth charge was that a large proportion of the expense arose from defective o supervision and an insufficient staff. In support of this he quoted largely from the evidence taken before the Royal Commission to the want of proper regulations and a system of check, absence of instructions to surveyors, and the insufficient data obtained, all of which led to mci closed cost. It was substantiated in the mass of evidence relating to the schedule quantities falling short of the quantities in actual work in (the very excessive, rates quoted by the' hon. member for West Devon, where the hundreds of yards in the estimates turned 1 out thousands of yards. The next charge was one of his own invention, and related, to the application of the Engineer-in-Chief for assistance, and the refusal of Ministers, whereby the officer was placed in a position unfavourable to the satisfactory execution of public works. This matter had been exceedingly well put by the hon. member for East Devon. The Minister of Lands had blamed the Engineer-in- Chief for not having firmly put down his foot when' the assistance asked for was refused. The hon. member referred to had said that the Minister should have put down his foot, and in a determined manner said to his colleagues " If I cannot get the proper assistance I will not be responsible for any failures in the world" - The MINISTER OF Jj ANUS: Sol would if it had been insisted upon. a mi Mr. BIRD said the Minister ought not to have taken advantage of the generous nature of the Engineer-in-Chief. It was-most culpable to have refused assistance open with an occasion. n The TREASURER: When was this application made? .- ? Mr. BIRD The Minister of Lands has admitted it. The TREASURER : I only. wish to show that it is since I was a member of the Government, i Mr. BIRD said Ministers always had a way out, and there had been so many changes that some one of the Ministers was not in office when particular things happened. But the Treasurer's desire to free himself indicated that his colleagues < were. to blame The seventh charge was that a policy of false economy had been pursued, in some cases at the risk: of safety to life and property and causing an eventual increase of cost in the construction and maintenance of the works. It was in evidence that the resident engineer of the Derwent Valley Line was instructed to endeavour to effect a saving in the contract sum of £80,000,of £10,000 to be devoted in aid of the bridge at Bridgewater, the intention evidently being, that the work should be done w. cheaply as \- p m!, ii I ., " " i J' .?'. I B")j >''"'1 j'. ? mod but issue rail 55 and"" Dli3C .'. possible The result was that the water- ways were insufficient, and culverts had to be taken down (except where the floods-., had obviated the necessity) and rebuilt on an enlarged form. On the Fingal line the con- erato face and wing walls at five miles 40 chains and eight miles showed unmistakable signs of failure owing to insufficient strength and faulty design. On the Mersey line the three bridges had a perishable substructure . and a permanent superstructure, contrary to all principle, with the intention of replacing the more perishable wood with stone at some future time. But no one would deny that it would have been better to have incurred a few thousands more cost, and have had permanent bridges in the first instance On other lines temporary log culverts had been used, and, even if it was possible to replace thematic concrete, there would be, in the opinion of the commissioners, a risk to the bunk. The MINISTER OF LANDS : That is a matter of opinion. Mr. BIRD said the opinion of the commissioners had been obtained as a guide to the House, and if their opinion was not to be a guide what were they employed for It was not the cost of many of the works that he complained of. It was the cost they would eventually come to, which would be greater than if a substantial line had been constructed in the first instance. At Vinegar Hill, on the Scottsdale line, the want of retaining walls, in the opinion of the commissioners and others, made the line at that point unsafe. The Whitefoord Hill Station site was another case in point, which was fixed at a grade of 1 in 30, when a level site could have been obtained,' as now clearly indicated in the evidence before the commissioners, by making a circuitous round of the line in the shape of the letter S. In this case, an attempt had been made to save the expense of the S curve, in order to secure a level site. Mr. Back shortly after his arrival condemned this station, and he believed that as the result of his condemnation it had been closed for goods and passengers. With regard to the Scottsdale line, he thought that there the same course had been pursued of getting the cheapest and not the best line possible. It was shown that sufficient curve was not taken to secure the easiest grades and curves on that line, and that if the cost had been greater it would have been compensated for by the smaller working expenses that would be incurred in the working of the line. It was plain from the evidence that the surveyor could have got better grades. and easier curves, and here again in the matter of those heavy grades and sharp curves a false economy had been pursued. Coming to the Derwent Valley bridges, he held that there had not been sufficient provision made in their design and construct- - tion for the safety of the travelling public. It was not for laymen unacquainted with the lines that regulated bridge construction to pronounce a verdict on their fitness or un fit- ness for the object intended, but it was for them to be guided by the judgment of professional men who had! given the matter full consideration. He could not see what Ministers had to crow about in the i approval which had been given by other engineers to the designs of the Engineer in Chief. The designs were referred to Mr. Mais, but they found that he recommended that they be made stronger. He was told that the designs for these, bridges were similar to those used in South Australia, and if this was so, he asked if it was fair that they should be referred to the Engineer-in- Chief there. The MINISTER OF LANDS: Why not! > i Mr. BIRD thought that there was an appearance of unfairness in appealing to him, it looked like appealing from Caesar to Caesar, but in this that engineer said he thought they were strong enough, but it would be better, that was to say safer to the trains and the precious lives they carried, to make them a good deal larger. Then they were sent to Professor Kernot, who, while he made no recommendation, still by implication expressed his opinion that the designs were rather sinai'. After going to the referees and after the opinions of the commissioners had been set aside as those befooled, they had, in fact, the recommendation that the bridges be strengthened 50 per cent. Here, again, the policy of false economy had been pursued to the danger of life and property. He now came to the last charge, that important deviation of roads and railways authorised by Parliament, and involving large outlay, had been made without the consent of Parliament being obtained, as it ought to have been. He was glad to find that there were members in the House on both sides who fully agreed with the position which he here took up. No one could speak more strongly of the action of the Ministers in sanctioning those things than the hon, member for Launceston had done that afternoon. Those who were here when the Scottsdale line was first agreed to would remember that it was resolved to construct a railway, but as there was a difference of opinion in regard to the route, Ministers were left free. Next session Ministers proposed a route which was sanctioned, but no power was given to change that route. He held that when such a deviation cost £70,000, no matter what the Engineer-in-Chief thought, they were in- fringing constitutional principles by going on with that extensive deviation without Parliamentary sanction. Ministers should have come before Parliament. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: Attention was called to that last session. Mr. Bl RD : Yes, but what could the House do but grin and bear it, considering the majorities which Ministers had then at their backs. He also alluded to the Avoca and Killymoon deviations as cases in point. He next proceeded to ask what was the defence set up to those charges. The hon. Minister of Lands had interjected that the Engineer in-Chief had disposed of the first charge in regard to want of uniformity in the designs of the various lines, but it seemed to him that that official really admitted that there was a great variety. In reply to the second charge that the engineers were allowed to make alteration without consent, the Engineer-in Chief called that verbiage, but there was a mass of evidence showing plainly that he did not insist in his approval being obtained for alterations. In the evidence of the Engineer in-Chief himself it was plainly brought out that he allowed these. things to go on As to charge, three that the Engineer-in-Chief had recommended alterations and deviations verbally, and that these were made without written approval of the the Minister, Mr. Fincham said that certain deviations had been made after verbal consultation with the hon. minister, or with him and other members of the Government. In regard to the charge that a large proportion of the increase of expenditure was trace-, able to the want of an organised staff, it was not denied; and coming to the,,,., charge that the system which had hitherto, ? obtained of letting works on partial or , incomplete data which the commissioners: brought the Engineer-in-Chief pleaded I guilty. The Engineer-in Chief in his defence I said that allowance ought to be made for the hurry he was compelled to put himself in, on ,. account of the feverish haste in which, the public were supposed to be, to have those works finished at] once. For his own reputation he ought to have gone, more cautiously, and not have suffered him self to be urged into action to please Minis- . < tors or any section of the public, knowing - ¡ that in doing so he was running the risk of , putting the country to a greater cost, or of a leaving the works in an unsatisfactory state, i r With regard to false economy, though always a charge Mr. Fincham did not have n before him, yet he said there was not very much waste, and they had got very good value for their money. With regard , ! to his request to Mr. Mault to save' -. £10,000 on the Dei » ent Valley line, which i led to a cheaper class of work being put in, - Mr. Fincham explained that by saying it Was , - only made in a jocular way. Therefore, in view of the blunders that had been admitted to have been made in connection with the (Derwent Valley Railway, the badly designed and improperly constructed works, the alterations of plans, and the) alterations necessary for the safety of the line to the travelling public, he thought there had been now and defence made by the Engineer-in- . > Chief against the charges brought against i i him, in his endeavours to show that the ( Commissioners were in error, they did not think the Engineer-in-Chief r . I made out a very good case, for if anyone took the trouble to compare the position of the commissioners with the evidence, he would' " find that the commissioners were better informed than he thought The defence set up by the Minister of Lands was .>< very laboured one indeed, but instead of going into the question at issue, as to whether there had 'been such blunders, waste, and extra-' i genoa as had been charged, the Minister pro-. ceeded on the idea that two wrongs make a right, and because there had been very large "I excesses in the other colonies in the cost of I i railway construction, there was therefore > nothing to complain of this colony, if there is 1 had been large excesses here. I A . more i rise- "in culous way of putting the question than that could not be conceived. If they only waited ' a little longer, until all the lines were finished the Ministers could no doubt tells them that the lines had been made without > costing a halfpenny more than Parliament ? had sanctioned for them. The Ministers . had simply been trying to throw dust in " the people's eyes, but three sitting in opposition would not be blinded, and would not allow the country to be blinded. He would also like to refer to the way in which the estimates kept continually growing I It had been proved that the Engineer-in Chief had to ask for large sums of' money, and from some cause his estimates did not seem to be reliable, though he did not wish to impute anything against that gentleman of The Mersey line would cost £200,000 at the e least, though the Engineer in Chief had getting s mated the total cost at £190,000 In this sum, he was or, he failed to take into account I i certain sums which would have to be insane' eluded, besides additional rolling stock. ! With regard to the Fingal line they were told that the line could be completed for £150,000, but he did not think the line could be met in thorough working order is for less than £100000 - £30,000 above the estimate. The r Engineer in Chief had asked for £28,000 right away, and therefore were also to be taken into account numerous' '." extra sidings, etc , required to put the Una I'm into working order. The Derwent 'Veite**-i"«* j i I j til nursery position ci i i j! i lil at ! J. i ii £>i>-nnaj0 of 18TH á*s*s*s**-----ggeBg5- could not be finished under £100,009, and he did not think that the Scotsdale line would be finished at £70,000 above the estimated cost The total excess would be £240,000, or 33 per cent. above the estimates originally submitted instead of 4 per cent., as stated by the Minister of Lands. Waste is waste, and carelessness must be avoided. The Derwent Valley bridge caissons were waste, in consequence of their having to be enlarged. There were the Back River blunders, but he had no doubt the Attorney-General would prepare his (time to answer these charges. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: There is nothing to answer yet. Mr. BIRD : Let them not deal in asser- tions, but treat with facts and arguments. The whole Ministry were' implicated, and not the Minister of Lands alone. A Minister renders himself responsible for any ill effects which may follow from want of assistance to the Engineer-in-Chief, who consequently persists in doing: work for the performance of which his staff is insufficient. He thought it unfortunate such a position was taken up by Ministers in regard to the insinuation I having reference to the contractor's engineer travelling from Melbourne with the commissioners, and there was something in the tone of the hon. Minister in making that reference which justified the inference that the commissioners had been influenced. He held that the commissioners were entitled to the praise of the Government for the manner in which they had carried out their duties. He contended that the: Minister of Lands was wrong when he intimated that the commission had recommended relief being granted to the Engineer in-Chief after such relief had been supplied, and quoted from the evidence of the Engineer-in-Chief in proof of his contention, he admitted that the Minister of Lands deserved credit for many reforms in his department, but it must be remembered that he had a larger and more efficient staff under him It was ridiculous for that Minister to cloak himself behind the statements of other colonies having made similar mistakes to his, and the cost per mile of their railways ming greater than ours. He had travelled over the lines of the other colonies, and he could confidently state their stations, rolling stock, and all the appurtenances to railway traffic were vastly superior to what we had here. The House should insist upon improvement in the conducted the affairs of the country, and this could not be effectually brought about only by putting a motion of the kind before the House. It appeared to him that with their advent to the House, new members had found a new love love for the Ministry-but they should remember that " love grows feeble as its object grows familiar." They were so carried away by love for Ministers that they would not deal with measures. They had flaunted their independence, but the policy they were pursuing in regard to this measure showed that they were voting for men and not for measures. Their speeches favoured the motion, but their eager desire to know what was really meant by the motion, was a manifestation of the fact that they were not prepared to consider measures. Let them remember that the country was closely watching their actions. The hon. member for South Launceston, in assigning his reason for the vote he intended to give, tried to discourage the Opposition by asserting that it was not loyal to itself, and could not therefore be loyal to the country. He was somewhat in error respect- ing the action of the Opposition in its election of a leader, and he resented the imputa- tion of the hon. member. The action of members opposite, too, in holding up to ridicule hon. members who had committed an error in judgment, which had been amply atoned or was most dangerous and ungentlemanly The word " ungentlemanly " was withdrawn, Mr. BIRD : Well, a gentleman would not be ungenerous. With regard to what had been said respecting the position of natives in that House, he could say that though not a native, no man would endeavour to accomplish more for the good of the colony than he if he had a chance. (Laughter.) He was awaiting his opportunity, and it would no doubt come in due course. Not one member of the Ministerial side had shown anything like a defonce each in turn admitted that a wrong was done, and stated in substance that if the motion did not interfere with the position of Ministers they would support it. From the speeches made by hon. members the country would acknowledge the Opposition to have gained a victory. He hoped the Attorney-General would not fail, in his reply, to address himself to the question of management, and those of no muddle in the department, and no waste of public moneys, and let him prove that there was none such, and he (Mr. Bird) would oppose the motion. His task was finished, and even though the votes went against the motion, the country would say the Opposition had won. The MINISTER OF LANDS said that the hon. gentleman who had just resumed his seat had called upon his hon colleague, the Attorney-General, and he was sorry he would be disappointed at not seeing him rise. Mr. BIRD : I am not disappointed a bit. The MINISTER OF LANDS said that the hon. member had called upon his hon. colleague to perform, an impossible task, and a task which he was not going to attempt He had asked the Attorney-General to prove that those gentlemen who at present hold office were superhuman-that was that there had been no mistakes, and that there had been no mismanagement. He was not going to prove anything of the kind, and he was sure that the hon. gentleman himself recognised the absurdity of attempting to prove such a proposition. Mr. BIRD : You admit the need of reform then. The MINISTER OF LANDS said that the hon. member would hear what he had to say about that presently. In the first place he wished to acknowledge the courteous reference to himself by the hon. the leader of the Opposition in placing his motion before the House. He thanked the hon. gentleman for his courtesy, and he did not know that he had much to complain of in the manner in which other hon. members had referred to him. He thought it would be admitted that apart from the railways, as to which he admitted there were serious questions involved, the criticism to which the department was subjected savoured very much if the kind of criticism to which the hon. member for Launceston (the Mayor of Launceston), or the hon. member for Fingal (the Mayor of Hobart), were subjected to in the performance their duty. (Hear, hear.) Apart from this, he thought that the charges brought against the department during the last few months had rested upon the total for getfulness, or the apparently wilful forgetful mess of hon. members, that a great deal what had been charged as mismanagement, muddle and waste, arose out of a set of circumstances that existed some two or three years ago, but existed no longer. He never thought for a moment to convince hon. members that mistakes were not made, but considering the circumstances under which they were made, and the successful effort that had been made to prevent a recurrence of those circumstances, he submitted that the criticism to which the Public Works Department was now subjected had been most generous in the extreme. The hon. member I for West Devon had referred to the first time to which the Public Works Department was subjected to inquiry of the House. He had looked at that report which was ably drawn up by the hon. member for West Devon, and it was said that a great many of the reforms advocated in that report had not been carried out. The hon. Minister here alluded to several of the reforms recommended which did not find acceptance by the House. He desired to call the particular attention of hon. members to the mode of the administration in regard to the carrying out of road work which had been dealt with by the commissioners. Some hon. members spoke harshly of the officers appointed under this department, but he could say that the -greatest care had been exercised in the officers appointed, and in any cases that had come under his own observation worthy of censure, they had not escaped. Instances had, however, come under his notice where the 1 officers had incurred the hostility of the contractors or local residents whose views were not carried out. He had heard several charges which were traceable to this cause. He did not say that the staff was perfect, but there was an honest effort on the part of himself and those in charge to see that no incapable officers were appointed. A reference waamodebythehon. memberforFranklin to something he then. Minister) said at the Town Hall when he was speaking on the subject of the control of the road contracts. He had made use of the words that he thought it would be impossible to anyone new to the office to get through the work, and he said so because he was familiar with the duties of the office, and was convinced that something must be done in the direction of decentralisation-that was to place in the hands of local bodies more control over the expenditure of money in their districts. (Hear, hear.) If hon. members re- called the paragraph that appeared in His Excellency's speech in regard to the enquiry into the road trust system, they must see that Ministers recognised the necessity for this being done. He was certain that they had ample indication in the enquiry now going on that something beneficial would result from it, at all events that did not he would be extremely disappointed. (Hear, hear.) The necessity for this had gradually arisen, and Ministers were not to blame for not recognising it sooner. He complained of the report of the Royal Commissioners in this respect. They had not enquired as to the staff now employed, and on that point he considered the report unfair. The commissioners had only to examine him (lion. Minister) as to what the arrangements now were, and they would have found out that not only as regarded the field staff, but the clerical staff also, so far as additional service was necessary, everything had been provided for, and that the service for the railways more recently authorised were to be carried out in the most careful and methodical manner, andviUi.such.a.wayjas would lead to a better result than that which they all re f**f*M occurred in regard to the three railways now subjected to so much criticism. He would now instance to the House a practical difficulty. When he endeavoured to carry out those public works in a more methodical and business like way pressure was brought to bear on the department to hurry on the work. Within the last month or six weeks he had had no less than four or five applications from residents of two districts wishing to know why tenders were not called for *\to railways that were to go through their districts, and it was difficult to satisfy those applicants that further delay was necessary. As he said before, nothing would induce him to go on with public works in the way that important works and railways were formerly proceeded with. (Hear, hear.) He thought that hon, member for Franklin was iinge'irrous to the Engineer-in-Chief and himself in the manner in which he spoke of and minimised the pressure that was brought to bear by public opinion in the newspapers and in the House, in order to induce the department to push on those railways as rapidly as possible. With regard to the deviations he thought that question had been pretty well settled, I especially as to the Scottsdale deviation. He would remind the hon. member when the plan was laid on the table of the House, showing the shortened route found by Mr. Hayles, that he (the Minister of Lands) intimated to the House that the Government were not yet satisfied they had the right route. Some time after that they obtained a shorter route, which was recommended by the Engineer-in-Chief, and all those members of the Ministry who had a personal knowledge of the locality. He would like to correct the hon. member, in what he said about the Engineer-in-Chief's opinion as to the cost of working the shorter line. The En- gineer-in-Chief would tell the hon. member that the opinion he expressed as to the cost of working the shorter line was based on the assumption that the line would have to go over a greater elevation than they actually had to. The elevation was a very few feet above the elevation of the longer line, which the hon. member chose to maintain was the line approved of by Parliament. Notwithstanding the opinion of the hon. member for Franklin, he maintained that the best course had been adopted. The first statement that impressed him as to the errors fallen into by the commission was in the cost of working of this line. The actual cost of working the main line was from £300 to £300 per mile. With regard to the Scottsdale line, he had added another £100 to the cost, which brought it up to £000, which multiplied by the length of that railway, 47 miles, gave them £28,200, as the actual cost, which made it pay £1,700 interest on the actual cost, to give 1 per cent, over the working expenses. He would not allude to the members of the commission any more than he could avoid, as it was impossible to speak on the subject without bringing upon himself charges which he would rather avoid, but there was one expression he could not help regretting having used, and that was the word " befooled," for which he wished to substitute "deceived." (Hear, hear.) He believed the members of the commission endeavoured to carry out their work honestly, but hon. members must remember they were paid for what they had done, and he did not think they were in a position to entitle them to be free from criticism. The statement made by the hon. member for West Devon that a contradiction appeared in his statement that the replies of the Engineer-in Chief and his subordinates were spontaneous I and misdirected, that was fully answered ¡ by his second letter to the Engineer- | in-Chief on the 10th May. He regretted not having carried out his intention of laying on the table of the House the report of the resident engineer, upon which the Avoca deviation was adopted. But for the pressure of time and business the Engineer-in-Chief would have more thoroughly examined the deviation. He was assured by the hon. member for Glamorgan that the deviation had been found to be a great saving to the residents of the neighbourhood though it had been a little more costly in the first instance, and notwithstanding the objections to the alteration it was a question whether it was not just as well that the excessive cost had been incurred. With regard to the deviation at Latrobe, it might have been before the House in a certain sense, but it was not intended so far as he could recollect, at the time the Act was passed. He remembered quite well when the Engineer-in-Chief called his attention to the very great cost involved in carrying the line twice across the Mersey, and the absence of any necessity for it, as, if the line was kept on the western side of the river the inhabitants would be so much nearer the terminus. It was only then, for the first time, that he found they were bound to carry the line from the old tramway terminus in Gilbert-street, Latrobe. The original estimate did not include the two bridges on the Mersey, and the deviation into the township of Latrobe, which cost £14,000. [Mr. Dooley : There is only one bridge.] He had some recollection of crossing the river twice when he was in that locality. The original estimates were based on the assumption that the line would run along the west side of the river, and not cross it at all. He would not follow the hon. member for Franklin in his anticipated excesses, but he hoped he was wrong ; but if he was right, it would only be a case of, as in the Fingal railway, more accommodation being required than was anticipated, or a fuller train service. Mr. BIRD ; I have followed your own figures, except in the case of the Derwent Valley line, where I added £5,000. The MINISTER OF LANDS said that owing to the action taken with regard to the Derwent Valley Line, it might be regarded as an unknown quantity. He thought every one who was concerned about the matter would speak with impatience as to the action of the commissioners in stopping the bridge work upon, that line. ( in two or three occasions during which the time expired in which there was any liability on the part of the Government for delay in carrying out the work, the commission were implored to send in a progress report with regard to the works so that the matter could be dealt with by the Government. The commissioners refused to comply with this request until their general report was sent in, and the contractor, by that action, seemed to have been unnecessarily placed in the position of having a claim upon the Government, which might have been very well avoided. The hon. member for Franklin questioned his comparison of the cost of the lines here with those in the other colonies. Taking their own lines at £6,000 per mile, and those in the other colonies at £7,200, even allowing for superior accommodation, he thought as a set-off, they must admit that in this colony they had very much more difficult country to deal with. For miles and miles in New Zealand and South Australia the lines ran through level country. He maintained that if they got 155 miles of railway at £6,000 per mile they would have done well to have had it constructed, and though the country might feel disappointed at the excessive cost, yet they had value for their money, and the excessive cost could not very well be avoided. With regard to the remarks made by the hon. member for Franklin and others, as to his having taken undue credit for what had been done in the lands and mines branches, perhaps when making his public works statement he had not sufficiently expressed his sense of in- debtedness to the heads of these departments. If he was to be held culpable, nay, almost criminal, for the faults in one department, surely he might place as a set off against that the small amount of credit for the other branches. (Hear, hear.) He had had a considerable amount of help from his colleagues and from Parliament in his attempts to leave the Lands and Works Office better than he found it, and hon. members would find they could still entrust to it the expenditure of those further sums they alleged they were willing to vote for the improvement of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MUGLISTON would like to see the debate adjourned until next day, and would move to that effect. The MINISTER OF LANDS and Mr. LYNE would like to see the debate I continued. ' . i Mr. DODDS pointed out that business in the Council, and public business generally, was suspended until this motion had been settled. Mr. MUGLISTON said he would confine himself to the evidence, and pointed out cases where the instructions given to resident engineers had not been followed. At all events, as regards the Derwent Valley line there had been an infringement of the written instructions, as the Engineer-in Chief admitted in several instances that they had been departed from, as well as the plans and designs, by Mr. Mault, who acted without reference to his official head. The Engineer-in-Chief' did not exercise that surveillance over his subordinates that was to be expected from an officer holding such an important position, as was admitted in the evidence. Then 'with' regard to donations, though it was stated that no donations took place without his consent, it appeared that it was not so. . Mr. Nault said there was a general understanding that he might alter plans, notwithstanding the written instructions, and with the knowledge, if not the sanction, of the Engineer-in-Chief. The complaint as to alterations and deviations occurred upon all the lines, and it is evident that the instructions were not carried out. The Engineer-in-Chief, who had the superintendence of the construction of new lines, ought certainly to have had a full knowledge of Hood levels, but, upon his own evidence, he knew nothing about it. Regard- ing the signalling arrangements, which had not been looked after at all, they had the evidence of Mr. Back that the arms of the semaphores were set in the wrong direction, and there was nothing to prevent the arms dropping, and so giving a clear signal. Mr. Back said he could not find words sufficiently strong to express his opinion as to the absence of blocks and locks. Yet these things had been allowed by the Engineer-in-Chief. It was entirely wrong that the Minister of Lands should be allowed, while sitting in his arm chair, to alter the routes and plans of railways, and spending money without the sanction, of Parliament. This was a bad precedent, and was permeating the whole Ministry. The salary of Dr. Smart had been increased without the consent of Parliament, and the decisions of the Parliament were not taken notice of even by the Attorner-Gcncrn), as instanced in the matter of the third Judge, the necessity of which was determined by the House last session. As to the treatment of the Royal Commission, who had been selected by the Government, it was altogether wrong that the decisions of the committee should be spoken of as they had been, and officers of the department allowed to write to the papers against the commission. After the report had been made appeals were made by the Government to other authorities, who had less information than the commission. He pointed out that Professor Kernot had made a few blunders in the construction of the Princes' Bridge in Melbourne, and asked whether he was the proper authority to refer to" The SPEAKER suggested the desirable- ness of not speaking disparagingly of gentlemen in other colonies. Mr. FALKINER drew attention to the state of the House, and the bell was rung and the House made. Mr. MUGLISTON continuing, said there was a paper to show that the credence given to Mr. Mais, in opposition to the opinions of the Royal Commission, was not justifiable, and that what Mr. Mais might say should be taken cum grano iitlit He had this paper, and if it was read to the House it would certainly influence the decision. (Cries of Read it " Let us have it is" " No need to be ashamed.") He thought, as the hon. member for South Launceston had raked up an old story, he might as well read the paper. It was a report of a Select Committee in New South Wales. The MINISTER OF LANDS : That may have been 30 years ago. Mr. MUGLISTON said it might be 30 years ago, but it did not matter. The present Chief Justice of New South Wales was one of the members of that committee, and its chairman, and the report stated that after the manner in which Mr. Ryde and Mr. Mais had given their evidence The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to a point of order. He did not know how far the hon. member was justified in quoting from this paper, and did not know the object, but if it contained a reflection upon a gentleman who was not here to defend himself, and regarding a transaction that happened thirty years ago, he put it to hon. member's sense of right whether he should proceed. The SPEAKER The hon. member la in order. I cannot stop him and must leave it to himself. Mr. MUGLISTON said the Minister of Lands had had no hesitation in reflecting upon the Royal Commissioners. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Two wrongs do not make a right. Mr. MUGLISTON: Does the Attorney-General admit that the Minister of Lands was wrong? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: I do not say he did so ; but you have accused him of doing so. Mr. MUGLISTON said the Minister of Lands had stated that the contractor's engineer for the Derwent Valley Line had proceeded to Melbourne when the commission was appointed, and had returned to Tasmania with them. Surely the mñende there was that the contractor a engineer had gone over for the purpose of influencing the commissioners, though the Minister of lands tried to qualify it after he had done the injury. The MINISTER OF LANDS : It cannot possibly bear that construction. Mr. MUGLISTON said that after the Government had thrown out this inuendo against the commissioners, and cited the opinion of Mr. Mais against them, the House should consider whether any doubt could be cast upon Mr. Mais. The report he had referred to stated that Mr. Ryde and Mr. Mais were not worthy of credence, their immediate dismissal was recommended as they were declared incapable of holding any position in the public service of New South Wales. The MINISTER OF LANDS : Are you sure it is the same? Mr. MUGLISTON said the paper was open for the Minister's perusal. It was the Mr. Mais who was recognised as an authority on the construction of bridges. Then the design of these bridges was based upon designs of Mr. Mais' own, and was it likely he would condemn his own work. Professor Kernot admitted that the South Australian bridges were last, against our 6ft. in width, bad internal braces against our solid plates, and had open tons against our closed tops, thus allowing the wind to pass through and yet Professor Kernot said they were identical. Looking at the evidence before the House there was a complete dis- organisation of the department. The regulations were not complied with, and the non compliance was allowed by the Engineer-in Chief. Such a state of affairs should be put a stop to, and therefore he thought the motion of hon, member for West Devon should be carried by the House, otherwise it would simply mean that the present system was to be continued in perpetuity. Mr. REIBEY moved the adjournment of the debate till 4 o'clock next day. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said he desired to show the utmost courtesy to the hon. member in recognition of the courtesy that the hon. member had always shown to him when he was leader of the Opposition, so he would not object to the course proposed. The motion was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 11.30 till 4 p.m. next day,. 