Tub rod rag cannot affect the proverbial bull more than tho Iri-h question tho Engli-jh animal well known as ''John;' or it used to bo so. Tho English Lion mightiost of all nation-, groat of all racos, with a litter of whelps that can lick croation — at their head, ono who has ovon boaten the parent, the great United States — surely ought to disregard all puny creatuios. | When, therefore, John found that not only himself I *«ut his groat child, the States, wero kopt in hot water I by a comparatively insignificant portion of tbo Em* pire, his *rath became boundless. ' What,' cried tho Englishman, why should this littlo one, be such a trouble to me ? In tho British Empire thore are 251,000,000 people, and if I rtdd . mv children in the. States to that, tho Anglo-Saxons numbor 300,000,000, And yot hero this thorn in tho flesh, this confounded Iroland with 5,000,000 people, keeps moin'incossaht trouble. Tho Times says should put tho island for 24 hours under the sea to got rid of my trouble, but | that id not practicable. And if 1 had power to put it 1 under tho soa, thoro aro so many Irishmon in tho I United Kiugdom, the Australias, and Amorica, that | evon then the ghost would not bo laid. Just to I think that one-fiftieth of tho population of the Em I pire, one- sixtieth of tho Anglo-Saxon nations can 1 keep me in this trouble!' Well, it is rather a puzzlo | for John. Mr Gladstone has looked into this great puzzle and ho has coma to tho conclusion that thero I is only ono solution : tho buying out of tho Irish land I lords and the granting of autonomy. Tho smallest nation can make itsolf folt, if it hangs together and | refuses to fuso with tho largor. No people in his tory have hung together like the Irish ; n-it even the Jows. Tho union of tho latter has always been moroly that of race. Tho Jews are cosmopolitan, ready to form portions of any nation. The Irish not only hold togethor in race and religion, but thoy hold togethor in politics. They are really a apoctaclo to tho world. Bring a colony of Frenchmen, Italians, or Germans into New South Wales, and in 50 years the fact they came and begat sons and daughters will be almost a myth. Thore will then not bo ono token of the pareut stock having come from Franco, Italy, or Germany. But if tho progenitors were Irish, Irish they would remain, although acting heartilv in concert with their fellow colonists, save in certain matters. This is a phouomenou explicable only on the ground that tho Irishman has.a passionate attachment for the Green Isle, and that he will nover rest until it is on an equality with every part of tho Empire. Ho knows its wrongs aro great, and he never . appears, no matter how prosperous to forgot these wrongs. Now, if tho Empire, nay the great Anglo-Saxon raco is to bo saved and united, this dissatisfied and ap parently irreconcilable race mast havo their griev ances righted, and must be placed in ^uch a position that they will amalgamate and become one. Of course wo aro perfectly aware that thero are somo peoplo i who sav this is impossible, but tho oxpe-ionco of these colonies shows it is. Mr Gladstono believes that tho time has come to end tho interminable strife, so damaging to tho Gmpiro, aud the bravo old man is ; determined to close hi-- life with tho accomplishmont of an unparralellod work. We doubt if it is possible for him, but we belivo it is pos-iblo. We believe he has grono the wrong way about things. Tho Irish landloris are to bo done away with ; Iroland alone is to havo a Local Parliament. What is Iroland, an the Glasgow Mail% in an article quoted ia our lose issuo put it, that it should bo exceptionally treated. If it was proposed to havo Local Parliaments in tho United States of England, Wales, Scotland, and Ire land, and togivo to theso legislatures power to chango the land system, why the thing would be clear enough, and a united peoplo wonld work for its accomplish ment, Everyone agrees that the House of Commons is totally incapable of overtaking the business it is now called upon to do, nnd most peoplo aro agreed that the laud question throughout the four countries must be attended to at a very early date. It there fore appears probable to us that whilo Mr Gladstone will be unable to carry his Bill, should his health re main good ho -will at a general eloction, now beyond doubt, bo able ti carry tho country with him, if ho forsakes tho narrd* linos of only doaling with Ire land, and takes tho 'four countries as a wholo. What Ireland wants the other three countries requiro. As to talking of autonomy on tho Austro-Hungarian sys tem that is absurd. Austria and Hungary aro co equal in;power and population, and act as equals in returning ' delegates' to Parliament on that basis. Such a thing'is impossible to conceive of an Empiro of 250,000,000 concedi. g to a little island with 5*000,000 population. But the broader policy should and must sueceed, and then tranquility will ensue and the Em pire bo fairly knit together. And in tho Imporinl Parliament which is to come we may reasonably be lieve that its members will not only come from Eng land, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, but from every portion of the British Empire. Thr Council at its next 'meeting, on Thursday will probably consider and decide upon the obtaining of a loan of ^10,000 toj tide it over the present crisis, caused by tho absolute broach of trust of the Govern ment in not fulBlling its promise to grant a loan of that amount. Anything moro gross, moro dishonor able, more- contemptible, moro degrading, than the action of tho Government in doaling with this matter cannot be imagined. The Governmont of which Mr Abbott was a membor, promised it in every possiblo way; the Government of. Sir John Robortson on dcrsed that promise: the Government of Sir Patrick Jennings repudiates all those, promises and throws the town on its own resources. Now, wo havo no hesi tation in saying that the Stuart-Dalley- Dibbs , pro mised .without intending to . perform— hocause they mast have known in 1885 the finances wero so hope lessly: wrong . that they could not promise the sum , with aafoty. It is true they put it in (the Loan Bill, but Mr Micawbpr was an adopt at that kind of financierin7. At the same time we' cannot, acquit tho Hay Municipal Couucil of their share of blame. Wo distinctly remember all tho circumstances. . When Mr Abbott, the Apostle of Bombast, wan here ho did offer, or at least insinuated that the Council could have i the £10,000 out of the Treasurer's advance if their ca»o was urgent — and it was urgent,, most. urgent— but with troo Plausible eloquence he recommendod thf- Council to be in no hurry. If instead of getting the £10,000 as an advance, thoy waited for the Esti mates he would probably— he only Baid probably- — got the money placed on the Estimates as a free grant. In the one case interest would have to bo paid; in the other none. These are, as far as our memory serves, the facts. The Hay Council took the bait, never, no doubt having read the lines of Plautus; Feins est, nihili cocio est ; at least not having con sidered the very old Anglo-Saxon adage, which tells us a bird in- hand is worth two in the bush. In this instance the Council thought they would have the two birds in the bosh, and now ther have ?? nary bird.' Of course it is no use crying over spilt milk, norabus ing the Government — who no doubt laushed at us in their sleeves all the time — and the idea of the Coun cil seems in reality to be the best thing. It is ab solutely necessary that something *hall be done to tide the town over the season of depression toenablo our working population to remain until Heaven sends up a fall of rain.: and the only means at hand is a loan for.reproductivo works. Tho Government hare with ruthless band swept off every penny of money to be spent'in the country, and wo must therefore do what we have done in tho past — rely npon ourselvev The proposal is one with which we heartily sympathize1 indeed we ought to as it was fir*t put forward in our our columns— and we trnst the Council will settle tho matter at tho meeting on Thursday. There can bo no other course, and it should not be delayed. - At th* same time let us hope tho Council will not spend the moue on worthless and ^reproductive expendi ture, The extension of the water supply~-and the \- making of water cheaper, and the making of Lachlan * etreot something decent, something of which people 1 will be proud, not ashamed of, are objects . that will meet with the ap proval'.of the ratepayers. A saving ?'Will bo made in the intorest now paid, to the extent ofc£150, and that amount can be worked as a sinking fund. There is no doubt that when times change — ' ' ' - ' ? ' ' as change they must— a^ proper .Government, should 1 wo over possess such iu New South, Wales, will givo us 1 a fron gift of the £10,000. But in tho moantimo somo- | thing must be done, and wo can boo nothing bottor than that recornmondod by tho Finance Committoo. That ' tolegram' and 41 leaf episode will not bo roadily forgotton. All tho comic journals havo had a good fliug at tho Hay Council, and not a fow of tho soberer nowspapors havo also had a ' dig down.' Wo. did not look upon the telegram itself as anything vory atrociuue. Had the matter boon fucod at tho first mooting of tho Council aftor tho 'ovont,' and ox l_lainod — which could easily havo ho»»n done — why, most people ;Would'h'iV0 laughed, whilo a fow would have rogrotted so indignifiod a proceeding^ But it was tho raannor in which tho matter was put off meet ing aftor mooting, tho aubtorfugoa indulged in and the shifts that, wore mado to delay explanation, whi*h caused all tho damage. Had tho explanation boen made at first there would not havo occurred that which has cast upon tho Council an indelible slur — tho theft of a ltaf out of tho lotto- book. Few really understand the onormity of this offence, which is ono that had it occur-ed in a privato firm would havo en tailod criminal consequencca. Whoovor toro that loaf out of tho lottor boo'c was a thief, and a moan thiof, ami rascally thiof ; and it is most fortunate that thoro is no human moans of ascertaining who ho was. othorwiso ho would havo to raako tho acquamtanco of Hoc Majesty s judge first, aud crack diamonds afterwards. The extreme nature of tho offonce can bo estimated by any business inar.. Suppose th'it tho Council agreed to pavo Lichlan street to morrow, at a cost of £2000, and in n final lottor to tho contractor specified when and how that work was to bo done, and tho loavos on which. that was written wero cut out : it might cost them thou sands of pounds. But it is no uso attempting to show the onormity of tho ofFonco; that must bo apparent toevory man who at all thinks. Why we havo re ferred to tho matter at all is that wo might urgo upon tho Council to render such a thing impossible iu tho futuro. The Town Clerk should havo propor safe ac commodation for alibis books — a tiro would do what tho thief did; ho should bo mado wholly responsible for. tho books; and a resolution should be passed that io futuro tho Clork should not act a* such, nor sign his namo as Clork, oxcept undor tho direct command of tho Council, expressed in the minuto book, and tho command of too Mayor, up to tho oxtont of tho powors delegated to that dignitary — by do means vory extensive. The Clork should bo able to show ho had tho authority of the Council or that of tho Mayor— in tho latter cape only to tho oxtent of his clearly de fined and vory limited powors — for every official or, for that matter, semi-official act. It is better that these matters should ho clearly dofined ot o'neo and for eror, so as to provont tho recent mostquostionablo proceedings — to uso no stronger language. Tun boring party at Gunbar, undor Mr Ford, aro ! now down 400 feet, tho last 15 feet in black clay, vory | stiff. Tho augor passod through the fossil timber at 381 feet (showing tho timber layer to bo 14 foet. thick), ! then 1 foot of iron pyrites (sulphate of iron), tho clay up to tho prosont depth. This clay is considered 1 favorable* for further supplies of \ water, probably artesian, boing struck. Somo of our townsmen paid a visit to the boriug machiuo last wook, and saw how the work was carried on. Noxt week tho party will bo puttine in 5 inch tubus to400 feet* a supply of them being now on the way up. Then 4 inch tubes can be carried down to 700 or 800 feet if required. We are roqnestod to druw.Bpeeial attention to tho Municipal notices io our advertising columns, and to remind ratepayers that if thoy consider tho annual valuation of their properties too high and want to np-, peal against tho same, they mast send a written notice to the' Town Clerk beforo next Thursday, tho 13thinst^ Persons driving horsos, &c.;, nro-notified that a strict watch is boing kept, so that any ono found driving over any footway, no matter whether it is formed or not, aro going to bo severely doalt with. We might also draw tho Town Clork's nttontion to the fact thaf bicyclists use tho.pavemonts. Tun Pastoral Times endeavours to make morry in an- elephantine minner over tho celebrated ' telo gram' sent by somo Hay Councillors. 41 Tho vory ambitious gentlemen who concocted it, 'says tho Times , 'were acting the part, of the1 clown in the circus. ' ^ Further on tho Times says : — 4,No one would think that in such a small neighbourhood L w 9 oojoctj en ere wero so many mon ot such great mental capacity; and it is to bo rogrotted that thoy should bo waiting their , wisdom nt such a great distance from their legitimate resting placo— our legislative halls. In a municipal' couucil their, talont is 6imply wasted, aud if thoy :;ouId only be persuaded to mount the stump in our metropolitan domain, or go on an emigration lecturing tour through tho Unitt d Kingdom, wo feel certain . that , the colony would bo materially benefited, aud that subsequent generations would wax oloquont over tho Solon like utterancos of those who were saved from entorabmont in the *\ilds of Rivorina. For the information of posterity we should like to obtain a planter cast of their. heads be^au-o wo cannot doubt that, thoy must have ^ome abnormal developements. Pooplo who raise thom* seles abovo their surroundings as thpse gentlemen havo dono, aro worthy of beii.g roscned from obscurity 1 and if their townsmen do not placo thoir portraits over tho portals of the ' local Town Hall, tboy Will fail to recognise the majesty of the aspirations with which their fellows woro spurred on. Candidly speaking we should llko a caste of thoir heads. Wo ? require something or some-mo down here to goad us to tho elevation of the -ambitious patriot, and, fail ing tho personal attendance of such pr--digio', we will take the noxt best altornativo. Lot us have them— prepaid of course— together with n 'copy of tho tele gram, aud wo shall then bo. enabled to lay the found ations of a musoum of curiosities. ' Here is acliauce I for our local photographer, Mr Sadler, of which wo: hopo he will make a noto. ? . 1 Ox Saturday night Cronk and Henry's window was quito an attraction to the public, owing to an ex hibition of a revolving Gaslight, round which woro placed 'dissolving views'of two well known eel* britos of Hay aud other subjects. Messrs Cronk and Henry are now getting 'ready to do a largor businoss and intend to launch out into tinsmithing in all it» branches. ' Church op England,. Hay. -Divino service in St. Pauls on Sunday next, tho 16th instant, both morning and ovening at the usual hours. Holy Communion at 8 a.m. The Rev. J. 'Macarthur will conduct Divino service at Maude, on Wednesday, tho 12th inst; at 7 p.m.; at Geramy station, on Thursday, the 13th, at 7 p.m.; and at Ox ley station on Friday- evening. Mb Donaheb olsowhere notifies that ho has no con nection with any other butcher, and does not intend to raise tho price of- meat, nor novor intended. Mr Donaheeis making every exertion' to meet tho wants of tha public. ? Stops aTo nowbeincr taken for the establishment of theRoman Catholic Bishopric of Wentworth, the seat of which will bo in Hay. Mu Matt Thornton has'ndded to his. business at tho Royal Hotel, what will be a grout: convcnionce to the public, a livery stable. Mr Thornton will be ready to let out horses, husgfcs, &c;, oft tho shortest notice, on tho most moderate terms. Ma G, F, Suqden is establishing woolscouring w?. ^ °«rt from the Narandera railway station, which will be opened' on tho 1st August for thoreceipt and treatment of wool either by. rail or steamer, and which will bo capable of turning out 170 to 200 scoured i'pl®3 per week. By. Mr Sugden's advortiso ment, which appears elsewhere, it will be seen bis wool nas brought splendid prices , iu the London market. There is no doubt such an ^establishment will be a great convenience to the squatters throughout a largo portion of Rivorina...' ' . . . 1 ? At tbe meeting of the Presbyterian Assembly in mL u° following resolution was passed ' That the report be adopted* and that the formation of a total abstiueuce society be approved; that min isters and office boarers 'be recornmondod to adopt the practice of total abstinence; and that presbyteries and sessions be urged to do what they can in their spheres to discourage tho use of intoxicating drinks. ' Ma BuTTEnwoRTii sold off the land in Sally Raphaels estate on Saturdav. Two lots near the Woolpack realized £10 10s each, boing bought by Mr Jackson. . Tho Hillston lots also sold, well. ? A hawker's waggon is advertised., . A land sale takes place in Hay on the 22nd May. Thb annual subscription list to the Hay Hospital will be found on our fourth pago. j The first of the popular concorts on : behalf of the j Athonteom will bo held oh Thursdav, and a very good progmmme has been got ready. The town has been [ so dull of late that these concerts will be quite a break m the monotony. ' . ' No meeting of the Hay Literary and Debating As sociation on Thursday next; owing to the Athenseum being occupied, a concert being held; | Monday, 17th inst., is the last daf for issuing sum ! monses.for the, next Small Debts Court.* V I Patrick Howaud, 61 years, was admitted .into the Hay Hospital on Friday last, BuffeVibg from severe in juries to his hip, occasioned by a fall at the railway goodssbeds. They have clairvoyants in Sandhurst now. trying to find out what became of Constable Ryaii. So far the results are startling but not conclusive.1 ' Fihither Reduction this weok in suit', trousers and vests,, shirts, hats, hosiery, boot* and shoes, ? Ko ad* talprom duties at P. B, Terry and Co*a;--AdVt. ' I : ::n;: j ? Crows apponr to like .chickens. One particular j Vcaw ' gentleman ha* boen known within the few I past days to havo ?' annexed' anuinborojffiedgolings, loaving the old hon and tho oynors lamouting. It is. timo this crow rocoivod its quietus. Pastoralists who visit tho town aro hardly awaro that Mr Jackson in carrying ou a largo follmongorv establishment bolow Lindsay's Browory. A visit wiil show thom tho work in ull its proco3sos. Mr Jackson is mooting with considerablo succos?, and tho wool ho lm9 de tit 'with sells at high ratos. Mr Gunning, too, in another lino, ondoavours to moot pastoralists in every way. Wc notice that tho local paper laments tbo falling off in tho Narrandora Corp?, which is likely to bo come extinct. We bopo tho Hay Corps will not follow thoir oxnmplo, oven although wo aro to havo no Encampment on tho Quoon's Birthday. Mbssrs Malcolm axd Beaty, tho well known Bal ramtld auctioneers, will soil by auctiou at tho ond of j this moj-tb, uiiIobs previously sold, privately, tho B ilranuld brewery, which supplies within 120 miles | of Balrahald. Purchasers recoivo tho most favou^ablo I torms. ? ! At Wednesday's sitting of the Prosbytorian As- I aombly in Mel ourno tho desirability of disjoining tho Presbytery ot Murrumbidgoo from tho Victorian j ??hurch.nnd attaching it to tho church of Now South , W'llos, to which it territorially belongs, was again I debated in conuoxnn mth a rot^ronco irora tho pros bytory on tho aubjocb. This roferonco dUclo»«d that, the raombers of tho Murrumbidgoo Presbytory.woiv still divided in opinion as to tho propriety o. tho proposed severance.- Tho Rov. S. A. Hamilton, -c/f Hay, addros«od tho commission in opposition to thj contemplated disjunction, and oxproasod tho hopo that, after 20 yoirs' connoxion with tbo Victorian church, ho would not now bo thrown ovorboard. Ho was tho pioneor Prosbytorian ministor of Riverina, and ho had boon instrumental in founding the other chargf-s'that woro now established in that district, aud ho thought that theso circumstancos gavo htm strong claim to the cou^idoratiou of tho commission. Tho Rev. J. R. McMillan thought it was high timo that tho matter was brought to a termination. Ho moved — 'That tho ministers and congrogations of the Prosbytory of tho Murrumbidgoo bo di joinod from tho church, and placed, as they aro he oby do clarod to bo placed, undor tho jurisdiction of tho Genoral Assembly of Now South Wales. ' Tho Rov. A. Yujo socondod tho motion. As an amondmont it was proposod by tho Rev. D. H. Ballantyno, and soconded by tho Rov. J. Woir — .'That the ministers and congrogations of tho Prosbytory of Murrumbidgoo bo disjuioed from this ussombly and placod undor tho jurisdiction of the assembly of Now South Walo-s with tho exception of the minister and congrogation at Hay, who aro to romain in connexion with tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and t-» be placed under tho cha'go of tho Presbytery of Castlemaine, until tho termination of Sir Hamilton's pastoratoin Iiay. ' Tho ameddmont was adopted by 25 votes to ; 23. On Wednesday woo'c a Capitation Drill of tho Voluntoors will take placo, whon all who wish to obtain their capitation mustattond.. ? A concert will bo hold in aid of tho Hay Yoluntoor Infant'y Reserve Corps band on Thursday, tho 20th inst, at tho Academy of Music. . , Mr BirTruRWOKTH holds a most important land sale on Wodriosday tho 12th May' (to-morrow) at Tattorsall's Hotel at 2 oVlosk, of 8 allotments* of land In Pino and Cadoll-streets. , Tbo land faces the Park, on which tho Council is oxponding so much m mcy, ani is admirably adaptod for privato rosidonces. Already threo or four privato residonces aro in eourso oforoction* Mr Buttorworth holding tho sale on Wednesday at 2 o'clock will onable pru- 1 donl aud saving youug employes in town, who desiro' ;to mako a home for thomsolves and the ' bird ' to attend and invost. Meakesand Fay havo always put themselves for wtrd as Universal Providers, and tho' groat success of their businoss has fully proved their '.right to assume that titlo. Their now announcement, which appears I on our third page, still further establishes thoir claim, ! for we now learn that they ' expect shortly' to havo 1 a supply of rain on hand.. As they havo nevor failed in thoir proraUos wo crust this ono will bo fully kopt, and thoy may depend upon an ovorwbolmiug rush of customers. We must refer readers to'this torsoly writtonj] ad, but must refer to a fow particulars, particulars. ' What,' asked tho advertisement, 'will keopyou warm in winter?' Tho reply is': ' A glass of Walker's whiskey nnd a couple otMeakes and Fay's , blankets.' Teetotallers might object to the whiskey, but thoy will not to tho blankets, tho very- look of which miko3 one comfortable. 