BCHOIES OF MELBOUJIINB. S [Br Tuo Gifose.] It is proverbially asserted that a calm ever precedes the most violent storms. If this saying be as true in regard to the political *orld as it is in the work-a-day one, in which poor mortals havd to undergo their probation, then may we indeed " look out for squalls." For just now there is a complete lull in politics. Beyond the utterances of Messrs. Service and Gillies there is nothing to guide candidates, and tihe " Liberal" leader, Mr. D)eakin, made it so plain that the Conservative of to-day is t the Liberal of yesterday, and vice versa, h that canudidates are sorely puzzled as to c whether they are to declare for Cwsar or t for Pompey. Both are so much alike it is 9 impossible to tell "t'other from which," and the difference between parties being y narrowed down to that 'twixt Tweedledum and Tweedledqe, the forthcoming elections a are likely to "'o fotliht out on purely ih personal grounds. There have been one A or two attempts to get up" a rallying cry, t and the stormy petrel of journalism that b has earned for itself the unenviable r sobriquel of Ananias, has striven hard to a stir up the element of strife by asserting g that the Education Act was in danger, and g that protection, "the settled policy of the N country," was' to be in some mysterious ti fashion attacked by the wicked people of as "linders-lane. But the cry of wolf has sl been so often heard that people refuso.to g be any longer frightened by the familiar w "bogy." All attempts to re-estotblish thie old party lines have, however, proved futile, and wherever the elec- ti tors in public meeting assembled lhave t had an opportunity of expressing their o sentiments, they have emphatically de- 11 clared in favour of the continuance of I Government on coalition lines. The only I1 exceptions up to the prcsent have been 1 Castlemaino and Ballarat, where Messrs. a Patterson in the fortmer and Lieut.-Colonel a \V. C. Smith in the latter avowed. them- d selves as hostile to the continuance of tie y alliance, and declared war a ' outlraec ti against the Government, and were euthu- G siaslically chelcrel by their constituents. Is As the names of neither of these gentlemen s have been mentioned in connectior with the reconstruction of the CGovcrnment,' and b the return of either or both of them to o power is only possible through a change of 1% Government, "the milk in the coacoanut" ii is fully accounted for in their case. r The decentralisation movement, which t' eventuated in the formation of ai league inaugurated with a great flourish of I trumpets, and which was to secure to thIe i country districts a recognition of their 1 right to as share of the Governrcrut expei- S diture, which it was alleged was rmainly ia lavished upon the capital, has apparently, J after a short existence, disappeared from a the public mind. Tie larger proportion of t arspirants for parliuamentary honours arde a Melbourne men, and in many. instancs' I this fact hardly appears to affect tlheir h cihances of success. So long as thdy ;I bear a distinctive brand they are ' hailed by the section of. tie electors who serve under tile samne banner. It matters but little whether they haeo tlid requisite talent or experience to qiaalify them as legislators, , provided they be C stanclh teetotalers, red lhot Orangsnietnra or professed goody-goodies, they are certain to poll tihe solid vote of the particular class to which they belong. Thus the temp rance societies, in conjuuction with thio' I Orange lodges, have sent Mr. Munro, the' a whilom member for North Melbourne, and the colonial prototype of Sir Wilfred as Lawson, to contest the Geelong electoratoe, and Mr. Richard Richardson, thhe 'ero of the Fish Creek selection episode, whose a modesty has not apparently been increased s by tihe omission of Iis muse from the listof Executive Councillors and tihe Commnission a of the Peace, has sent forthl a i Mr. Walker y ass the Orange nomninee to contest Grant g with Mar. Lalor, the Speaker of the V Assembly, and Mr. tees. Tihe atural ' consequence of the scramnble for seats , among a lot of mediocrities, without political principles and experience, will be a to make the number of old members of tihe Assembly eligible for office much smaller i than at present, and of course render tihe fligt for portfolios more intense than it would have been had the best me been been permitted to carry the seats on 'somero definite "ticket." .There appears to beo 1a general opinion that the present Assembly and the Government to be formed by Mr. Gillies from tlhe rump of the late Ministry, o and some of the most uioderate men from both sides of tihe popular Chamber, is only as stop-gap to be retained in power until one or other of the two sections into which Victorian politicians aio divided is strong enough to defy tile other and carry on tihe business of the country in spite of it. The only definite announcement made C by tile meumbers of the Government who Ia have already addressed their constituents I in regard to their future intentions was a vouchsafed last week by Mr. Deakin at Flemington, and the information is of a " kind hardly likely to please ranyone but a few Lilydale fruitgrowers, and the hop gardeners of Bairnasdale. Mr. Deakin told O his audience that it was not intended "at present" to proceed with the Tasmanian 3 reciprocity treaty. The tide which tiken t at tihe flood leads on to fortune has thus been lost, and the opportunity of Inying i tihe corner-stone of federation by the adoption of a uniform Australasian tariff, towards which tie agreement with Ta'Is mania would have bceen tile initial step, c has been wilfully thrown away. It was in order that snch matters as thle Reciprolcity Trerty and questions of a kindred nature might be settled, that the country was content to see the formation of a Coalition Government, and allow a greater or less amount of paltering with principle by the gentlemen who were con tent to sink all former differences and carry. on the business of the colony. But if Mr. Gillies has not the courage of Iris opinions and is preparedto drop the treaty in defer ence to the wishes of Iis protectionist colleagaes, hIis Ministry loses its prinlcipal raisoa dl' clrc, and is in fact no coalition Cabinet at all, lirt simply a collection of politicians, who for the 'sake of place and psay are content to allow all their aspirations to remain in abeoyance, sacri ficing all principle to thie object of retain ing their portfolios. A lhnd flowing with milkl and honey hIar Mitherto been looked upon as a figure of speech, but on Sunday last, in thie fashiion able suburb of St. Kilda?, thie milk-flowing became an actuality. A dispenser of tie lacteal fluid having contravened the trade ukase forbidding tihe delivery of milk to customers on Sunday afternoons, was muet by a number of vendors of this all-neces sary article of household use, and his milk cans and pails, containing upwards of fifty gallons, upset into the street chrannel. As the occ rrence took place in thie vicinity of the residence of the member for East Melbournoe, who is one of tlre chosen people, thie honourable gentleman; on awakening froam iis post- prandial nap, may well have tihought for a moment that Victoria was in very scoth tile promised land. Had tile officers in the Education D)o partment been tradeasmen or whalrf labourers instead of educated gentleiaren they would, in all probability, bo now on strike, while a couple of arbitrators were considering their case. As it is, they have been severely snubbed, and left without re dress. Having appointed a number of tihe aggrieved clerics ass a deputation to bring their griovances under the notice of tire head of tleir deparrsent, they were met by a refusal to be heard, as Mr. Wilson Brown "objected to be overawed bya depru tation." Officialrs in tie service of the Victorian Government are thirs debarred from a privilege enjoyed by tihe grimiest coal Ieaver in the colony. 'I'hey are cons polled to work overtime, and not to be per mitted to ask for any extra pay for so doing. But then, you see, they are not " working men," and they have no sym pathetic members of Parliament ready, right or wrong, to champion their in terests. The long pending quarrelbotween the late Scots' CIurch congregation and the Presbyterian Assembly has been advanced a stage. The drafting process has now been comlreted, and thie black saeop separated from thie rest of tie flock. This Sfaithful remnant is now to be allowed to II call a minister of their own. As the choice I is certain to fall upon the IRoe. Mir. Dods, tithe former colleague of MIr. Strong in tihe Spastorate, a promin'ent renrbirer of the a General Plresbyterirn Assembly, lhis al ready announced Iis intention of " libel ling" tire reverend gentleman for Iheresy, ihou1d he be chosen by the Scots' tihurch congregation. The matter may really be no nearer a settlement than it was two years ago, but in Mr. Dods the Assembly will find a tough customer, who will fight them, and not run away as his secnior did when threatened with the thunder of the len-. toals, M¢'aceherns, and the "orthodox" kirk.l Feb. G. 