The Missioners. In hiB reply to ua Dr. Webbor com plains of our having suppressed oxtraots whioh he read from the Church Gazette of Auckland, relating to the missioners, Messrs. Bodington and Mason. His lordship will have noticed that our contemporary did the same. It was therefore a little disingenuous on his part to speak of us as if we only had dono this thing. And seeing that both journals had done it, Dr. Webbor should havo surmised that it was not editorial. Night roporters are hard-worked men, and it is the last straw to expeot them to take down in shorthand, and afterwards to oopy out extraots from news papers read by any speaker. However, Dr. Webber has courteously handed the papers to us, end the extraots read will be found below. The Missionore. — The following letters will explain themselves ; ' Auckland, February 1, 1886.— To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Auokland, — We, the undersigned, olergy of parishes and districts in your lordship's diooese, desire, through you, to tender our heartfelt thanks to the missioners, who in response to your lordship's invitation, havooome to nsfrom England, and have einoe thoir arrival been labouring untiringly among us. By their astonishing and sustained labours, and by their clear and unfaltering expositions of Holy Scripture, as interpreted by the sober teaohing Book of Common Prayer, no less than by their unfeigned piety and oonstant reliance on God the Holy Ghost, they have exhibited to ns an ideal of ministerial life and duty whiohit will be our responsibility and our aim to follow ; and we rejoice to know that through their instru mentality many troubled ones have attained to a neace and srladness not before realised, manv sinners havo been aroused, and many have been helped to a more loyal and intelligent devotion to our, blessed Lord in this branoh of His holy Catho'lio Ohuroh. That God's abun dant blessing may follow them throughout their labours in tht diocese to which they are now going, and in all places to which His provi dence shall hereafter call them, is the prayer of thoEe who trust always to retain their teaohinga in thankful remembrance, and in the divine meroy to meet them hereafter in the nearer presence of Him before whom they and we alike live, and to whom they and we, as watchers for souls, must alike give aocount — (Signed) B. T. Dudley. E. B. Clarke, Henry Govctt, Wm.. N. de L. Willis, Oharles M. NcIbou, John Haseldon, A. G. Purohas, W. M. du Bieu, W. E. Mulgan, T. O'Oallaghan, Frank Gould, Edward J. Phillips, Philip Wakh, R. O'O. Biggs, J. Bates, F. T. Baker, W. Katterns, Willhm Calder, Colin O. Cockayne Frith, Alfred J. Hitehcook, F. H. Long, J. K. Davis, G. H. S. Walpole, E. J. M'Fariand, J. H. Hewson, P. S. Siualifield. ' Bishopscourt, Auokland, February 3, 1886. —To tho Revs. O. Bodington and G. E. Mason. — My dear Friends, — Ionoloso a oopy of a letter that 1 have received from the four aroh deacciis of this dioeo;o and others of oar olergy, who desire mo' to think j ou on their bcLalf for your ministrations to them and their people. I have very groat pleasure in comply ing with their rcqueit. For them and for myEelf I thank you most heartily, for tho fidelity, tho plainness of speech, and the charity with whioh you have set forth the teaching of the church on the great truths of the Gospel, to our people throughout the dio cese ; and for the high standard of pastoral labour that by word and deed you have shown us. Fiom testimony that I am continually receiving, not only from the clergy, bnt also from the laity — frcm men and womon of ? all sorts and conditions'— I am assured that your ministrations Tiavo afforded great help to very many of the people of this diooese, including not a few of those who do not oall themselves members of the Churoh of England. I hope that you will both husband your strength, as far as possible, during the remainder of your mission in New Zealand, and that, when you return to England, you will find yourselves strengthened in every way for your duties there.— I remain, my dear frienda, your faith ful and affectionate brother, ' W. I*. AUCKLAND.' 'All Saints' Parsonage, Hokitika, February 13, 188G. — My Loid Bishop, — We have re ceived the kind and tenoning letter of thanks addressed to us through your lordship by the orohdeacons and other olergy in the diooese of Auckland. - It.is a great oomfort and joy to uj to bo assured by them that the mission has, through the blessing of God, helped them and tho flochs committed to their oharge. We esteem it a great privilege to have bsen allowed to make tho acquaintance of a body of men so thoroughly devoted to their singularly diffioult and arduous work. It will ba our constant prayer that their work may .bear abundant Iruit, and that they may receive increasing help. We htg your lordship to oonvey to them the expression of our warmest gratitude, and .wo also ask your lordship to acooDt our sincere thauko for your own moBt kind letter whioh accompanies their address. We may also take this opportunity, of thanking the laity of your lordEhip's diocese for their many aots of kind ness and their unoeasing hospitality. — We are, Ely lord bishop, jour obodiont and grateful servant h, 'ChABLES BODIKOTOK, ' G. Edwabd Mason. 'The Right Scverond the Lord Bishop of Auckland.' The following extraot from the same journal relating to tho Hov. Mr. Bodington'sservioes, at St. Andrew's, in Cambridge :— ' Nearly all the services were attended by memberB of other religious bodies, somo of them ccming to service after eervioo, and day after day, and testifying most warmly by their their words, os well as their actions, to thoir appreciation of tho holp they wero receiving. It is perfectly wonderful how the mission preacher did his work and htld tho attention of the congregation. During tho six days ho gave and meditations), ranging in length from 20 minutes to upwards of an hour, and all those v-eie full cf tho deepest thought and of the liveliest interest. At the Eauio timo there was an cntiro aber-iico of all sensationalism. The EobcmcBBof thotcaohingof theOhurohandof the Prayer Book seems to be that whioh Mr. Bod iegton has adopted for his own; and it was very striking hew ho drovo each truth home with his own peculiar power, he showed that tho aamo thing was taught and rotaught again and again in our Catcohismand Prayor Book. Wo realised as he proceeded that striking as was his teaching, he was indcod teaohing ns nothing new, but enly bringing out in a now way the wondrous fulness of the old treasures. Many hero Vt i 1 remembor tho mission as long as they live, end thank God for Mr. Bodington'a minis trationB.' 