T|HE MERCURY, , WEDNESDAY, SEPT, IS, 1S8G. 'Iii the Assembly yesterday, ? ' The Speaker took the chair at 4 o'clock. TheMi.viSTBitof Lands,'in'replyiug toa question of Mr. Fitzgerald, said it was not tho intontion of the Government to sanction tho appropriation of *£2,000 foi' tüo Hariiiig ton-streot doviation. No decision had been arrived at in referonce to.tho appropriation of certain sums for North and West Hobart.! i The Houso went into Committee of Supply to consider the estimates. '. . The'following :supplementary estimates wero passed :-Fourth Supplementary Esti- mate for 1884, third do. for 1885, and tho Supplementary Estimates for 1886. I On the general estimates, the Bailway i department was passed, three items being postponed. ! i . , '/ Tho miscellaneous estimates wero passed, the j following items being postponed :- ' Public reserves, Launceston, £300 ; ex penaos of revising valuation rolls, £150 ; contribu- tion towards Imperial expenaos in connection with protectorate in Now Guinea, £632 5s ; and'maintenance of works, Swamp, Laun- ceston, £100. The Launceston Municipal Council Loans Bill was read a second time, and passed through its remaining, stages 'The Houso adjourned at 11*30 p.m. until 4 p.m. next day. In tho course of the rather wide, and sometimes erratic, excursions made by those who took part in the debate on the' real-property tax, or rather on taxation in general, no one referred to the antagonistic principles which are at work in the Colonies. We may say, indeed, that these principles are at work in all democratic countries, and we must say, despite the leachings of political-economy, they seem likely to continue at work as actively as ever. We refer, of course, to the strong tendency to protective duties visible everywhere, where such duties do not exist already ; and the contemporary demand for a leadjustment of taxation so as to relieve the working classes. Thesetwodemands aie constantly made in the name of democracy, as if they both could bo carried out as part of a single policy, whereas they represent two unes of''policy so anta- gonistic to each other as that they lean nevei meet In Victoria, which is a Colon) to lue and learn by, the democrats thought that the) had v. on a tremendous wetoi) when the) placed "Mr" Brum and Sir Chames Ga\ vn Dum (in power, because the com- bination of t ficetradcr ind a pro- tectionist igieed to place duties on nearly every article of daily «se j Mr " Btiun used to point to the1 enoimous levenuo which carno ni,and gave it as a proof of the complote success of his pohc), whilst tho working-classes applauded with all their might Theie "«ero persons who endea\oured to show that there was nothing "-.ci) wondciful m getting a large levenue from a host of taxes, but somehow "the people" that is, the persons who supported the Ministry, came to the conclusion that they were S*eatly benefited by tho ¡ chango, and îat the largo retenue was 410t got from them So convinced wero they of tius'fact, whatever may be said ib the contiar), that to this day )thoy con- ceive the taxes to be a benofit, mamly because' they are held to be' protective Yet, and tins is the anomaly, side by side with 1 this belief we have another/ namely, that'the correct system1 is, to tax wealth, that is, to make every man pay ' according to his means Obviously, the two aTe1 inconsistent and antagonistic j Ifitnoicost- of ffche Gjovernment of the conntr) is to be mainly1 defrayed1, by {the \ wealthy1 classps, as it , assuredly would be if every' man i was ' made to'pay ia exact,,, accordance wabli j his means, nothing!can be plainer than that a whole host of customs .dujbws would not' bef required But, ins ' ii is, raiile " the people '1 insist that wealth olight to Jbe taxed^they demandthat duties shall be levied through the Customs,! and they aTe ready to! reject anybody who may propose the ?"re- ino val of even a]few of the ¿large num- ber winch exist o This cunous cou-i tradiction does» not, as wc-haxc Jsaid,' anppar m jVictona alone, there, is p. strong 1 party which holds the two views in New > South 'Wales', and the) exist m0 almost -ovoiy couiitiy,-111 Europe nud 'America Logically« speaking, the) are naturally destruc- tive,, but then the i1 general boa) of the ipeoplo doi not caro much about consistency, but'hold opinions without enWring how far they contradict each other The effect is, however, ithat the binden of taxation falls upon the working classes/ which pay a great deal more than they know anything about In! Victoria, foi example, considerably over half à million is Taisc'd annually fiom taxes on a host of small ai tides, subject to t various ad valoiem and other duties, nearly the whole of which aie paid b) the woikmg classes When wo bear m mind that the effect of these duties is to raise the puce of the articles taxed veiy much higher than the dut) itself, we shall see that "the people ' pay a very considerable sum for their whistle, though they aro quite content, because they imagine that these taxes are, somehow, connected with protection Yet, all the time they insist most strongly that taxa tion should be so levied as to take most from those who have most Taking the customs returns as om guide, and allowing foi the increase of puce which is the result of duties, it is not too much to sa) that every woik nig man with a family pa) s fioin £4 to £5 a yeai 111 these taxes alone, ) et ho is the fiist to resent any pioposal to repeal them No Mnustiy was cvci so popular as that winch put on the highest duties at the cuotoms, nor is any man so unpopular as he who ven- tures to talk about free poits, 01 who proposes to 1 emote any portion of these taxes If the) are meant foi pioteotive pin poses, obviously they do the w 01k 111 a teiy liiefhcient manner as the amount of revenue deuved fiom them proves and it is also cleai, in asmuch as theie must be alargo numbei of the articles taxed impoited, that the) raise the price of all the articles of the kind taxed that may be con- sumed It is often foigotten, though e*.ei)bod) recognises' the fact when stated, that like goods sell foi like prices 111 the simo market,fiom which wo may leam that such of the articles ou ,w Indi taxes aie levied as are made. 111 the Colon), sell for the same pr*ce as the imported This is a truism, windi is often foigotten' by those who contend that these duties dp not-raise puces of tlie ai tides taxed which are maído 111 the Colon), although the im- ports show th it this cannot be the1 case If ithe working-classes insisted that 'ceitain aiticles should not be allowed to be impoited because they1 could be made 111 the Colon), (the ppsition wojild appear to bo a sound one fiom a piotective point of tiew, but the existiiig|inethod is one foi ¿axing the working dasses whilst ithen interests are1 piofcssedly the first concern 11 J\ 1 i ¡f ii It will be urgedj'we know'ithat in spite of1 these 'istrange,' ,contraaiciiohs the ipolicyi of, Victoria is a* success, because she» is<'prosperous 'and "the 'people'aro content:' '''^ow-müch' of, the 'progress, of the/ people is,due to> theinenorgyiand 'skill,'and how' much to the policy, it would hot be' easy,to decide, but many mistakes < are made in discussing the question. We' know from-'official statistics that during, the last eleven years Victoria has lost 27,900 persons who have gone by sea to ? New South Wales and Queensland, not to "speak of~the large numbers who have gone over- land, so that the Colony is not quite so attractive as supposed. We know, also, that several of the protected trades have been and are in a very bad state, although the foreigner is shut out. 'We also know that the demand for protection is always increasing, and that the stage is never reached when the duties can be abolished. All this points to the fact, that more of these duties are paid by the work- ing-classes than is generally supposed, besides which we have to take into consideration the very difficult ques- tion of quality. It is a fact well known to all experienced housekeepers in Victoria that the cost of keeping up a house since 1805, when the duties were first imposed,has grcatlyadvanced. Indeed, the articles which used to be imported are not now obtainable, and the public is content, or rather com- pelled, to take a lower class of goods than it used to get. It is idle, of course, to compare prices unless we compare qualities, and it is just in this latter respect that a deterioration . tis visible to everyone who chooses to * enquire. . In '¡View of all, this, |it' is | singular that V the people " f should "cling to theso Unties, although!they insist that everybody ought to be taxed in pioportion to his means. In- tho course of tho discussion which has ] taken placb'on the repoi t of tho Royal Com- mission, wo have several times deprecated tho sweeping assertions mado as to tho incicase of the cost of railways, because wo knew that our caso vas not a singular one. While it may not ho an excuse for' our own faults that others have gono wrong ,too, the fact that many aoi ious mistakes luivo hocu made in all parts of the woild in regard to similar works ought to at least induce caution, and ought, cettainly, prevent wild assortions that Tasmania is worse than other places, Wo hávo now hoforo «s'a striking illustration of tho truth of our i remarks in, a, speech i of the Promieriof iViotoria, who has just asked tho- Assembly of i( that " Colony,, jforMj a ¡^further sum of £1,300,000 to complete ,' the lines now iii course of construction. It happens, too, that Mr. Gillies denounced the csti rmatcsnof a previous,-Miuister as utteily «absurd, and it is apparently stated that thoy ¡wore something''liko ! ono-hnlf'-too low. Another Minister, Mr. Patterson, had like ?wiso to get an, extra'vote to .enable him to completo tho lines foi which a ¡positive esti- mate had boen given, so that titree J esti- mates for lines in Victoria have been shown to bo very far belowi tho actual cost. Had. this, or ,auything Uko tliis, occurred in Tis mania'iitheroliWould have beon the wildest denunciations of all ¡tho officials'concerned,( wjhorcas in Victoiia tho Houso, arid,1 tho, publie seem to have received tlip"vanouB (announcements without much comment, as I ifj thoy~woie"in the naturo of things.] Mr.i Gillies'statement of! til« details üllOW» , that'ttio CBtiihtiteaj wero w'rbng''jn over'yj] CBso/jpd'jthat'in somo instances the,pon-, tract price' was nearly double that sot dowm by the department. I For instanca, tlie osti-1 mntejqrfejicing was £63,000j asjigainst the. contract price £05,558 ; for level crossings tljo'estímate1 wa4s £21,000;* the conta-aft^; priée) £¿1,000 ^cat'tliworks estimate £1^3,0q0,,cou.| 'tractprice £216,000; bridges aud,culverts' £¿9,000, contiact price, £05,000 (.ballast' estimato £100,000, contract ^ricc £08,000 j ''sleepers cstimato £09,000, eontract price £103,000 ¡laying permanent i way cstimato £.*ttf00o" contract prico £22,000; pl'atfoima,. 'estimate £3,700,contract price £9,000 ; ordi- ' nil yjprovJsiMjstijn^es_£J7,000,_con tract, price £36,000 ; maintenauca estimate £8,000, contract 'price' £8¡000; motalling''!ei4l500,'j1 coliíract price ', £24,000. It ^vil". be 'noticed',, tliat so far wo aro only dealing with tile 'difference between the estimates i and > the contract prices, and that nothing ' is' said about cxtias which may arise out of devia- tions fiom the contracts. Infuot, sofar,, from'oùr neighbours, who pay veiy, large .salaries to,,get .the best men to do their work,'being able1 toi make lailvvays at the ostimatetl cost,''or at anything Uko the estimated cost, wo do not) believe that there can bo found , a singlo instance in which, the » original estimates havo not been very greatly exceeded, and in somo they 'have actually been vory nearly doubled. Wo seo that when Mr. Bont was Minister of Railways he expected to make suburban lines iat £7,200 per mile, and countiy Hues at £3,000 per mile, including lolling stock. The estimate of Mr. Gillies was, that the suburban lines would cost £1(5,000 per mile, and country lines £5,000 per milo, and the actual cost is likely to bo respectively £20,000 and £6,000. We need not go further into details, for wo have said sufficient to show that even the most experienced officials may bo vory far out in their estimates, and that a miscalculation is not a very unusual matter aftor all. In view of these facts, which could be matched fiom the railway history of other colonies, it is only fair to tho Dcpaitmcnt here tlwt the eriji s should bear in minti that others havo gone wiong too, ovon though they have had very much larger experience, and that they have gone very much fin ther wrong than our own officials. Cable News.-Tho wool sales still con- tinue firm, and a most satisfactory advance ¡n prices is again cabled. The prosent Post- master General fa vont s tho establishment of a penny postage between Great liiitain and thoi colonies, and is enquiring into tho feasibility of tho pioposal. The American wheat harrest for tho pi osent year is1 calcu- lated ut 90,000,000 buihels in excess of that of last year. The deputies attending tho meeting of the Uulgaiian National Assembly 'at Sofia have resolved to combine to avert Kussian ¡ntoivolition, and to icstoie Prince Aldxandor to tho position ho has abdicated. Executive Cot'NCii..-A meeting of the (Executive Council was held yesterday at which all the Ministers weie present. The following appointments were made :-Theo doi'o li. Collett to be bailiff of the Court of Geucial Sessions,' Latrobe, in succession to Joseph Cavanagh ; Mi. C. J. Hall, P. A. Padfaeld, H. A. Pratt, Win. Smith, and Ii. A. Stephenson havo'been appointed 'trustees' of the public cemctoiy, Formby. Mr J. J. Haily has been appointed a mumbel of the Ilobait Hospital Board, vice Jas.. Uaicouit, « hpáo scat became vacant hy his absence fiom the colony. A certificate of naturalisa- tion was granted to Ludwig Kley, a German 'labbtn ci at Campania. ' The PtmMC Works Statkvk.vt.'-The JMiriislor of Lands will make the public works statement at-7°30 to-night, anil -it-is 'pio'posed that the statement shall be debated at 7*30 on Thtusday, as it is anticipated that neatly all the piivatomembers' business will bo disposed of pi eviously to tho adjournment forlrefieahment. Tub Dkh.wemVali.ky Railway.- During 'tho.last few days the Cnibinet has had under consideration advico they 'have' leeoivctl fiom a competent authority which has led' .tlicjii to decide that the alterations at No. 1 bridge on the Derwent Valley line,- recoini' mended' by the Hoyal Commission," aro wholly unnecessary and ' that ' the original ' design of the Kngineei in-Chiof shaly1 be carried out. In consequence "f this the cou traötor was notified by telegram yesterday morning that a'lotter would be'forwarded to lum this morning countermanding the instructions for 'tho alterations ' previously 'ordered. These alterations 'consisted of widening tho piers in order to permit of the giidcis being spaced under a part as recom- mended by tho commissioners. In Mr. Mais' report he stated that tho alteration of tho spacing of the girders was w holly unneces- sary, either for tho railway or the joint traute road for which the bridge is intended ' to be adopted ; but the wider spacing of tho girders had been ordered previously to the receipt of this report. Subsequent advice re- ceived by the Government, by the competent authority already referred to, more than con firms Mr. Mais' opinion as to tho unneces- sary expenses that would be incurred in so widening the space between the eirdcis, This, coupled with the dilatory and obstruc- tive manner in which tho contractor has paitially set about the work of providing for the necessary alterations, induced the Government to come to the decision they have arrived at. The other instructions regal ding the orders for thickening the catBson piers on Mo. 2 and No. 3 bridges from 4ft. to 6ft., as recommended by Mr. Mais, aro to he carried out. The present instructions only countermand the orders as to widening the piers on No. 1 bridge. \ Rifle Ra nob at Sandy Bay.-In course of the passing of the supplementary esti- mates m the House of Assembly yesterday. Dr. Crowther referred to the item-rent of rifle rango at Sandy Bay, and called atten- tion to the recent accident'to a marker at the ranges. Ho asked if steps had been taken to prevent the occurrence of similar accidents. The Treasurer said that the marker's cover had now been made safe, and he was sure that a similar accident could uot occur again. Visitors.-General and Mm, Fairtlough arrived hero by the s.s. Wairarapa from Napier, New Zealand, on Monday. The General served hore formerly with the 14th Regiment. IJisrmcT Jüstiük.-Mr. Edmund Kowar ¡¡¡k, of the Upper Piper, has boon appointed a district jusiice of the pcaco for tho district of Selby. J Masonic*.-Members of tho Pacific Lodge, -No. 301, E.C., meet for despatch of busi- ness this evening at 7*30. .'*T^IK WEAPONS OF THE OPPOSITION. Duiing tho ilisoussion on thosupplomontaiy estimates yestcu'ay in the Assembly, the mcmbci for Gooroo Town, Mr. Conway, ob- jected to tim passing of the expenses of tho Royal Commission on Railways, notwith standing tho a3surauco of the Ticasuier that tlio amount had neatly all beau paid au ay, as ho thought tho Opposition should not allow its weapons to bo tokon away fiom it. Tho lion, member seemed nnawai o that it would bo oii-tlioropoit of tho commission that tho Government, would bo bl ought to book, and that tho expenditure, having huon incurred by a dil cot vote of tho Uonso, and under Vico-Regal .sanction, would ha\ o to bo paid in any caso, Poihaps the lion. i member thought ho was Uko David of old, and had a stone with which to kill the Go- vernment Goliath, but, Uko Achilles, its vulnerable point cannot bo got at unless it is tinned upsido down. , , TlIK HAIIHINOTON-STIIKHT iDhVIATION. .This much discussed question seems to ho drawing towaids a conclusion. In tho As- sembly-! yesteiday tho Minister of Lands stated that it . was not the intention of tim. 'Government to sanction the expenditure of '£2,000, out of tho £3,750 voted for tho out- lying streets, for the pul peso of tho Har i ington street deviation, and pointed out also that tho corporation were only able to claim two-thirds, or £1,333 Gb. 8d. of this sum, having to raise the balance themselves. Under those cn cumstancos the Harrington^ street deviation is not likely to ho au accom-' plished fact for some time > to como, and tho citizens who havo taken the matter np may rest in quiet. The Minister also Btated that no decision had boon arrived at as to the amounts to bo appropriated to tho ' dis- tricts of North and VVcst Hobart out'of tim1 vota.'i 'i' ' ' " ii J ' I > ' 'i iThk'iLakd Soiibmk.-'A public meoting Was convened at the Town Hall'last'evcriing 'at 7 o'clock, having for ita announced object tho taking'into consideration' of tho Govern-' njcnt aehenie with1 lofcreneo to tlio Lands' Bill,, but the intention seemed ) to | bo to ad-J vcrsoly criticise tho' proposal' to' assess pro- perty oi> the impiovcd capital value. Several' members of 'Parliament were announced to1 he present, but, although ono or two were seen about tho hall, nono appeared on tho platform, When ' nearly an''hour had elapsed beyond ,the advertised, time, only GO people wore proscnt, nnd tho primo mover of tho meeting mounted 'the platform and sug- gested that'tho meeting should be'adjourued i(>ie die. Tho proposal had no seconder, but those present speedily, dispersed. ,, , , i . ? , ITaxpaykhs' MkktinO.-tA. public meoting of taxpayers of: Wost âud' North Hobait w|U be held ÍIiíb evoning'ïn tho' Meohanics' Instituto i to organise I a monster' public meoting, re Parliamentary votes and munici- pal expenditure. _ ¡Tasmanian Pastoral and Agricultural Association.-'lo day'the first show of tho sejison opens at Launceston, ¡ and, judging from tho numbor of enti les and the facilities given for.trayelling on tho rajlway Hues our, Northern frionds .aro likely to muster"iu stiong force/' " .' '> l u '. > >? " »' ¡Baodad Ploughing. Matoii.-t-TIiíb event "copes off on tho 18th inst., and entries will .bo received up! to 9 o'clock oiin tlio jiloming, oft the match. , Tho ' rules, appeared in our isduo of the 8tli inst. '' , ',' Shearers'/ Union.-It is' áníiounbcd by advertisement'that'u riùblio' mooting,' in sup-' port of tho Shearers' Union at Oatlands, will bo hcldlat.Tuiiiiack ori'Saturday next. Presentation11 to "'SÉnóEArit'-'Major FÁr-coS'Eit.-On Monday oveniiigi a number of ¡the members of theTorpodo Corpa mot at Mr. Anniiig's i room, Barrack-street, for'the' purpose of presenting their late instructor,« Sergeant-Major, Falconer, with an address aud a, momento, in the shape of j a Maltese cross and ling, in acknowledgment of/his ability, kindness, and attention during' his threo years' connection with tho Torpedo Corps. Tile address, which I was nicely illu- minated , by Mr. O. Roper,, of the i corps, stat»d tho Jthoiough appreciation the in- structor was hold in by the corps for the rapid advances madcby,the various branches whilst under'his instruction, t It also spoke, highly of tho energy and porBoveringiOflbrts displuycd by hin'i in piomoting the cprps' wel- fare in every possible shape, and,concluded with wishing himself and, Mt a. "Falconer ovcry happiness in thoir now sphere. After Mr. Falconer had,' responded,- tlio ovoning was devoted to pleasurable enjoyment, and the assembly broke up at 10 o'clock. Farewell Dinner to Sergeant-Major Falconer.-A complimentary dinner was given at tho Federal Hall last evening by a number of military mon and private citizens to [ Sorgeunt-Major Falconer, who has filled the position of instructor to tho Torpedo Corps of tho colony for tho past throo years, and leaves to assume u lesponsiblc military position as lieutenant in Now Zealand. Ovor 501 gentlemen sat down to u sumptuous ropast, laid out by'Mr. S. Dove, of Tattersalls Hotel. The chair was occupied by) Lance-Corporal Dovo, of tho Reserve Force, and tho vico-clmir by Air. Win Blakency. As Boon as the edibles had been disposed of. the iChairman Íiroposcd, in fittiiig terms, tho usual oyal toasts. Sergeant Major ' Raflbity, ini a very neat' spocch, then proposed the health of the Minister of Defence and oiliccrs of tho department. Ho was, ho said, sure they possessed tho' neccssaiy military element in tho Defence department to mako it a thorough success! and in proof of thiB ho instanced tho admirablo wuy in which details in the camp of exercise ueie carried out. Mr. Dcoblo thon proposed tho health of Sergeant-Major Falconer (tho guest of tlio ovening). He modestly thought, however, the duty might havo devolved on hotter hands. Sergeant-Major Falconer' was, in his opinion, a man whom he could not speak too highly of either socially or publicly, and was quite fit to take his placo as ' a mau amongst men. Spo-iking in- dividually he had the grcatestailmiiatioufor him. Tlic speaker thoni lefcrred to the invaluable aid rendered the corps by the instructor during his term of officoi Tliiough hisjiiid the corps wore niiscd to tho high state of efficiency they wdro now* in. *Uii-' fortunately for thom another colony's gain .Vojild be their/loss.1. Tlio ¿peaker concluded by pi ishing their guest and his family ovcry, buccobs in thoir now sphere. The toast was draSik with'a hearty round of cheers ' from' tho company. SorgoautiMajor Falconer, in response, said it ga va hiin,mucli plousurc.to come amongst' thom' that evening and see bo many faces of those who cntei tamed such a' kindly feeling for.him, and ho was sure if ho .had to seal eli tho world lound he could not find a bettor jCirclcy of Bincero, friends. Ho, referred to his stay-in Tasmania vyliiqli Sho( said ho Bhould always look' back ¡ to, with glciisurablo thoughts. With respect to isj connection'1 with the' corps' he might BayjhoMiad done his best, and when the men began to know 'him thoroughly, land find that he was not frightened to take his coat off with thom everything worked ovcnly anil smoothly. Ho lind dono his best to 1 biing thom to a state ofellieiency, and if li is motions weio haiiipeicd it was not his fault Ho|could not speak too highly of his treat-) mont at the hands of the Tasmauiaiis, and 'ho could assuru itlicm front hi*, heart that this meeting to-night would be amongst tlio, last to bo forgotten by-him. Ho was going to leave them, but a Tasmanian would always receive a hearty welcome from: Iii in in New Zealand. (CheerB.) Mr, tIvcy then proposed " Tho Army and Navy and Auxi- liary Forces," which was responded to by Mr. Potter in a lengthy speech. Tho other toasts were " Tho Press, proposed' by Mr. F. Lovett; "Tlio Ladies," by Mr. J, Ikin ; "Athletic Associations," by Mr. Falconort and last, but not leust, "Tho Chairman," which were all suitably responded to. I The following gcntlemon enlivened the ovening by vocal and instrumental songs and recita- tions :-Messrs. H. Packer, F. Lovett, W. Deoble, F. Bowden, Falconer, and Pitman. An enjoyable evening was brought to a close by the whole of tho company singing " Auld Lang Syne." Mr. Falconer will leave for New Zealand in tlio Rotomalmna to-morrow. Federal Quadrille Assembly.-Thcfirst uunual ball of this assembly was held on Monday evening at the Hobart Hall. Over 40 couples were present, and the costumes worn by many displayed considerable taste. Among tho characters which wero most striking were Peasant Girls, Huntresses, Sailorcsscs, Milkmaids, Romp,* Daughters of the Regiment, Tragedians, Spanish Matadors, Queen of Cards, Clowns, etc. Dancing was commenced at 8, and con- tinued till early morn to the inspiring »trains of Walton's string band. The catering was done by Mr. T. Turner, of Liverpool street, and it is needless to say that it was in thorough competent hands. The ball was a great success, thanks to tho members of the committee, who woro assiduous lu their efforts to próvido a good evening's amuse- ment. ConrtEcnoît.-Messrs. J. Walch and Sons arc tho donors of tho cricket bat to be given for the best batting average matlo during the coming season, and not Mr. J. W. If. Walch, as stated in our report of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association annual meeting. ANOLO-AtJHTItAl.lANlS*VE.STMENT,KlNANCli, AND Lan» Co. LiMiTl'.u.-The agents for tlie sale of new sharei in this company I (Mcssis. Toby and Hayley) inform us that nearly £2,000 wero applied for yesterday. Tho list will oloso on Saturday. ' [CoMMKitciAi. ChickKT Cldd,-Tho annual meeting takes place this evening at 7*30. City Pouce Couut.-Mr. W. Tarleton, I'.M., and Mr. K. Malier picsidcd at the City Polico Court yesterday morning. David 1'oiiHcney, for using obscene languago on the previous day in Murray-shout, was lined 20s. Uti. or one month in default of payment. Michael Kirby, for being di mik ut Now Town on tho 13th in«t., was lined Cs. In tho case of Wm. Taylor, master of tho s.8. Kangaroo, who was summoned for a breach of tho Malino lîoanl Act, the hearing was adjourned till tho next day, Wm. Uieo, iv youth, was charged with furious driving, and fined Cs. John J. Cowies, a youth, wns charged with having negleoted his duty us an apprentice i In the employ of Mr. W. J. Lloyd, cabinet maker. Mr. Sheehy appeared for tho defence. A fino of 5s. anti costs was imposed. A man niuiiotl Fiank Mooro was charged with assaulting iv young woman nauiod Emma Taylor in Mao iqiiaric-strcot on the 13th inst. Ho was liuotV 10s. Oil. mid costs, with the option of 14 days imprisonment. The Comt ntljournod' at this stngo till 2-.'IO, at which hour tho murder case against William OakfiH was entered on. ' ' i. m . , .i The Defiance^ Sash \Lock.-A' vory useful little iuvontion, which will bo found >a boon to many ' households, has been patented by Mr. Moritz, who has recently, -visited Tasmania for the purposes of i trade. iTho Dolianco sash lock is a small piece of ornamental brass, on which a lover is fixod in an eccentric, which acts automatically by moans of a small spring. Tho contrivanco is very Bimplo, and may be fixed to any window iu a few seconds, and, when on, obviates tho necessity of sasii weights, cords,, anti locks. The window remains secuicly ilockod in, any position,' and defies any attempt to lomovc it till tho i lever'is io ,n}ovcd. Tho lock cannot he tampered with from the outside, and jamb» the window in such a fashion us to pt event any unpleasant 'rattling noticeable in oki casements (luting' wjiiidy weather. Mr. C. Davis, of Elisabeth- ( uti cet, has been appointed agent for Hebart. i j Fire at Phessi.an» House.-On Monday evening tho enrtajns of a bodroom at Press . land House accidentally ignited, îosultiug in the jJcjitructioii of tho p.riiicipal furniturolof tho loom, including curtains, 'venetian bUiids, bedding, carpet, etc., and had it not been for the timely assistance of Mr. West- wood, tho result would havo boon most disastrous, i , , I , 1 ¡The Boys' Home.-Tho monthly' mooting of tho govornors waa hohl on, Monday aftor iioon,,*,whcn there were presenter-Mr..F. .W.' Mitchell (iii__tho^cháir), Uon.jA. JJjjbsou, Hoñ" WrCrosby7 and Messrs. John "Mao failane, and *E. C. Nowoll, aud acere tai y (Mr.-Hawson). -The minutes of thoproviomr meeting 'wero/ read 'and confiimca."-'Tho noirespondcnco sinco last meeting was read, including,an application for a lad, 'which could not bo entertained aa.thcro was not Vrio availabto at present. TSvo froah' lads had ^bo'on admitted into tho howe, and* omi dis- charged on tile order 'of the Governor, the .boy's parent being about to leavotho colony. The rate of wages paid to apprenticed boys was considered, anti it was lesolved that in futuro tho wages,bp ,fixed at.a¡ higher rato than hitherto ; this applies to all'liuls to bo a pin enticed .from) this date. "'The'master (Mr. VVisoman) roported that the flag-staff was completed, and'that-nearly 'the whole expenso lud bonn borne by privatu subscrip- tion. Donations of 'books from' tho Rev. Mr. Fielding and Mr. C.s Piesse; also-somo jam from Mr. F*. ' Shoobridge, had boon received '? with thanks,- The usual monthly*! accounts woie passed for payment. _ Full-time Schools for Tasman's Penin- sula.-The residents of the Peninsula, who. for four iorf:fivo' »years have had two public schools open only on alternate days, ai o now endeavouring' to 'obtain two'schools which shall be open live days in tho «eel:. A ' ¡»feting was held ut the Cascades on the 11th ¡list., Mr. D. Vicary in the chair, with this object. It was , resol ved, to invito the co-operation of the residents of Impression and Wedge Pays, in order to procure a full time school for Impression Bay and the Cas- cades, which aioabout tuo miles apait, and another for Wedgo Bay, on tho opposito side of tho Peninsula. A deputation to tho hoii. the Miuistci of Education is in contem- plation. St. Joint Baptist Ci.ni.-Tho usual fott nightly meeting of thin club was held hist night in tho schoolroom, Goulburn- Btrcet, the vice-president (Mr. E. C. Nowoll) taking the chair, 11 other members being pi esont. After opening office, Mr. Rule (hon. secte tary) read minutes of last mooting, which wore confirmed, and the subject for debato, viz., " Cremation," next oiiBued. Mr. Peicy L. Hood opened the question in favour of same, and dilated at length on its gi cat de- sirability, and tho importance of the general discussion of tho matter. Cremation is un- doubtedly tho burning question of tho day, and a gravo matter as well when wo con- sider tho scientific or practical and the un- scientific or sentimental sides of the same. On the one hand, no possible chance of dis- pute can arise as to its efficacy as a menus of the highest bcuofit in a sanitary sense, while theio is also as prominent the undoubted ob- jection to its being in voguo on account of tliouncomfoi-tablefeeling or piojitdirc against its operations. This has arisen, the opener showed,' from tho fact that tho belief in tim lcsurroction of the body, and its being tho temple of the Holy Ghost, occasioned in many minds a fear that it was a sin to there- fore utteily bum that body. This argu- ment, however, was logically answered oy Lord Shnftosbuiy when ho said, " What would then become of tho blessed martyrs if such wero so ? " Tho great good of cre- mation was shown conclusively in its being a proventativn of disease, and a benefit to tho poor, etc., while the harm was indicated in its pflci ing au effectual modo of disposing of the results of clime. Tho former was ad- mitted and the lattor combated in tho inte- resting discussion that took place, mention being made of tho New South Wales' Parlia- ment bills, etc,, with their Btringcnt regula- tions and enforcements, reducing danger ¿f malfeasance to a minimum, while its sine l-eirlcdy, againBt the awful sufferings of ono buried1'alive, through its at once ending 'oxiitenco of any not really dead was forcibly brought forward! Briefly, it is a method by whieh' a' '1,4441b,, body |is ieduced to/its mineral constitutions, i.e., 'about -Ubi' of limé-dust, in 50i inimités, which in a 'como 'tory takes 20 years, ' in a' vault two 'or tin co centuries,' or some thousands of years if pio cass of embalming is adopted ; so the balance cvoly way is in favour'«}* cremation,'oxebpt-J 'in'gj on , the * bofoio-mentioiied . sentimental sitio. ,,On tho, motion, being put, however, five wero against it mid four in favour of Ieanjc, and «¡til closing office a most enjoy-1 able reunion terminated, , " St. David's Guild Conckhts.-It is noti-J field elsewhere'that on Tuesday next! the' third concert in connection 'with St. David's Guild.will bo, held. 'Thoso who attended tho' last1 concert will still have pleasant i recollection!! of tho enjoyable evening then spent, and as' tho ' secretary states that a high standard of mûrit is being aimed at' in thcjpiepaiation of tho Tuesday's programme' another successful conceit is ussuietl. / /< i Sunua y ArauitNooN Conckut.-Thosam ed conceit which was to have been gil on hythe Garrison Band, but which was postponed on account of the Budden death of the band- master .(Mr. Clerke), is 'to take placo on Sunday iii'oxt .in; the | Barrack-square. , A 'grand Blow 'march ,(in mcnioriain),-written expressly by Bandmaster W. T. Bates, will bo rendered ,on tho occasion. , Boxes will bo placed at the gates for donations, tho pio-, ecods^o,!« handed over to Mrs. Clark, whoso son was accidentally killed at The Mercury Office a shoit time ago. - , Tub Rush to the Tiieatub.-Last night witnessed a riiBh to the pay boxes at > tho Theatre Royal rarely experienced in Hobart. Long before tho hour of opening tho environs of the thaatro were closely thronged by an expectant crowd, and no sooner were the flay windows opened than they wero itcrally besieged. Many, as a matter of course, had to forego their anticipation of getting even a glimpse of tho ¡nsido of tho theatre, and had, pciforuo, to content them- selves with the hope of being in time to- night. Foothall.-A match will be played this afternoon betweon the first sixteens of the the Waverly and Commercial Union on the lower cricket ground, at 2-45. The teams will be picked from the following : Commercial union-Lester (captain), Molloy, Miller (2), Reading, Macbeth, E. O'Brien, F. McKcan, P. Smith, Sharp, Andrewartha, F. Grant, Hawkes, Caroline, 'J. Walton, Willing ; emergencies-J. Valontlno, F. Maco, Ward. Waverly.-II. Beasoly (cap- tain), J. Goody. C. Taylor, J. Marshall, G. Felmiiigham. C. Willis, C. Bachelor, A. Griffiths, Ward, T. Kelly, J. Mason, J. Goodwin, R. Bradley, A. Preston, T. Hicks, S. Johnson ; emergencies-F. i Dabble, J. Jones, Payne, II. Jenkins. Hunti.no.-The Hutton Park Beagles meet for tho last run this season ut Moiton Mowbray on Saturday next, at noon. Lady UsauTiriaii«.-Taihoa, you cannot inako fair «kin, rosy clieoks, anil sparkling «yo» with all tim coimotlc« of Franco, or ticautlfliira of the world, willie In poor iioalth, anil nothing will give you such ric li blood, good Iioalth, strength, and beauty a« Hop Bitters, American Co'« luado. A. trial Is rertaln jir.iof. &eo; Kr.ATiN(>'s Coi'on lozknokh cures Coughs, Aetlima, llroncliltia. Medical testimony atate« that no other medicino I« io effectual In the cure of theio dangerous maladie«. Une Lozenge alone give« ease, one or two at bedtime ensure« rest. ' for relieving dilliculty of breathing til ey are Invaluable Tiley con tain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold bv all chemists, In lins, la. lid. and 2s. 0d 