: " ' TALES AND SKETCHES. Vhc Mysscry ol .YtiTint rinll Pi:ori.is say tlint Abbot Ilnll is haunted. Years ago, licucnth the roof, dtil Montgomery Abbot murdered bis fnir young wife, niul nftcrwnrds 'twns said ltor spirit novor rested. It in a fearful story that clings to the proud old inmiBion nnd givas it an ill u nntno. 'Tin naid tiro wife was beauti ful, and tlint ono black night lior lord, wbon flualiod with wino and mud..' with j oalousy, swoio an oath that 110 ono's'uyes but his should'flver look upon her fuco ; so afterwards she was a prisoner in Abbot Hnll. No ono dared to visit hor, and she was restrained from cvor going beyond tho mnssivo portala of hor prison-honso. Slio was supplied with'evory luxury which wealth nnd cunning could doviso ; hut alio wearied of hor surroundings, nnd thoy grew hntcful in hor sight. Slio was dead to her friends, nnd in a little whilo alio half forgot their faces, it soerned so long sinco sho had seen them. She had no occupation but to mnrk tho ilo- pnvturo nnd roturn of her jailor. Is it any wondorthnt sho drooped liko a blighted lily' in tho closo nnd cliccrloss atmosplicro of Abbot Hall 7 Now, n kinsman of hers — a cousin who had played with hor in childhood — tried to sco lior, nnd was forbiddon on- trnnco to tho houso ; but nB ho wns going away slio saw him through a trollisod window of tho library, nnd sho longed to spenlc with him. : All tho color which had long sinco left hor fnco rushed back again, nnd in hor .ongornoss sho. tapped thrico upon tho window, nnd thrico again, until! ho saw her, then sho hastened to tho door to giro him welcome, But when she opened it, still with that look of hnppy expectation in her fnco, hor husband atood upon tho threshold, with his drawn poniard in his hand. Ho buried it in hor bosom full to tho hilt, and sho fell dond at his feet. 'Tis said hor shriek rang in his ears for over nftor \- tho death-cry of tho fnir young brido of Abbot Hall. \- Arid whon Montgomery Abbot sat nlono in his sombro library, 'tis said her spirit used to visit him. IIo could hoar the tap 1 tap 1 tap I of her little hand, soniotimos npon the tnblo nt which ho sat; somotinies upon the casement on which ho leaned. Then ho could hear her rustlo through tho great wainscoted hall to tho henvoy portal of tho house. And then — gront heavens ! how ho writhed and covorod his onrs to shut out tho sound ! — ho could hear hor awful shriek as slio foil dond by his own hand 1 y-. So tho story is still told by thd gossips of Abbolsvillo, who say that tho ghostly tap I top I tnp'-l hns< never cdnsed in-tliht beautiful, ill-fnted- buihllri.' ' Evon whon "-'tlio hiinottibiith ' century was far in tho- decline of old rigo, whon superstition h'rid long' censed to. bo a common evil; tlib'new "owridrB could find no human tenants for tlio haunted man sion. A family of two 'swallows had. taken up ' their adodo in tho chimneys. But tho groat rooms, with thoir faded tnpeBtries, tho gaunt walls and quaint furniture, wero uninhabited, when Mr. Berry.-Spofibrd nnd his wife visited Abbotsville on a liouse-hnunting expedition. : Thej- stopped nt tho hotel for a timo, whoro' they- nightly reviowod their experience; -rindhdisoussed their jprospects.. -wi-J ' i Mr. SpoffordWhs'alirichinnniifiicturer and as liia mills wcro'-Iodnteil in'Abbots- yillo, ho doemed itf'odvisnblo.todivo noiir thorn for nt loast-rilio lihlf of tho year. But when ho lind deoided that this was expodiont, ho found it no easy matter 'to . procuro a house to suit his family's requirements. Tliero wero only two j houses to lot in Abbotsville. Ono was j a littlo cottsgo, too small for their needs, ! and tho other wns tho famous haunted i house, i Tho latter was always "To' Lot, "if I the timo-worn sign-board on its gate ! was to bo relied upon, for no ono in ! Abbotsvillo could bo induced to fnco the \ spectre which wns said to glido about | tho sombro dwelling, j Mr. SpoiTovd, had nearly decided tlint | ho would linvo to abandon bis plnn of 5 living near his mills, whon his wife sur- Iprisod him by proposing that thoy should occupy Abbot Hall. " Tho houso is nlrendy furnished," sho said. " and if wo rent it wo will tie saved tho troubh) nnd oxponso of moving our fnrnituro. Yon nnd I aro not afraid of ghosts, andean profit by other peo ple's superstition. Wo can -rent the houso nt a very . low rate, and what wo pavo by so doing wo can dovoto to the education of our children. Wo ought to tL'ink f thnt oven whilo they aro still in tho lfursory." Mr. Spcf fiord gave a little, dry laugh, which was trying to his wife's temper. "You nro very bravo here in this mattor-of-foet inn'" bo said' " where no : ghost would be allowed unloss it paid its \ board nnd tipped tho waiter besides. But your couvngo would wane in Abbot '' Haii. Your ' lionnio lirown linir ' would ; turn white in a night if you hoard, or : fancied you licard, tlio rat-tat-tat of tho ghostly Hand." " You treat me as if I was bereft of common-senso," liis wifo returned, witii fino scorn. " Yet you know I am not to bo frightened by the shadows or nnti- quo furniture, or tlio gnawing or a rat in j tho wall. Why, Barry, if I ovon saw i something that resembled a ghost, I'd know it wns caused by some deceptivo 1 fault of my vision, by some unexplained | hut natural cause, oy more probobly by i somo wicked trick of your own. And I !' wouldn't be any moro afraid to get out li of bed at midnight nnd shako tho ghost than I would be nfrriid of slinking ."! you I" i.j Hor imsband laughed uproaringly' "I soo you nro unwilling to consider ;; my proposition, ovon though it is inrnlo I ia tlio intorcst of your cliildron," sho 1 said, Bomowhat piqued by his scepticism. ii " I half suspect that you liavo n littlo | fear of tho uncanny yourself. Now A hero would bo more oxcuso for supor- stition in mo than in you. I was born in Glengarry, Scotland, and yon in matter-of-fact Now York. My educa tion was entirely dilTcront from yours. Boforo I wns out of my cradle tho old domes of Glengnrry told monf'ghniets ' and ' bogies,' and of witches and ' eerio ' spirits, until my bend wns filled with terror. Yotlhnvo outlived those early impressions, nnd mil without n single superstition. I am really anxious to liiovo into Abbott Hall, if only to prove that lam notsuoli a weak woman as you consider me." " My wifo is not n wenk woman," ho said, kindly, " nnd wottld make any sacrifice for hor husband nnd littlo ones. What you say about saving money for tlio expenso of thoir education is very truo. But think wbnt effect thnt honso might linvo upon thorn- Tiicro are plenty of miscliiovous pcrsous to toll thorn tho traditions of tho Hnll. Wo don't want our children cducntcd in witchcraft and folk-loro, whilo wo nro denying ourselves to givo thorn bettor instruction. Aftor discussing tlio subject many times, thoy decided to mnko the experi ment. Thoy sont for tho children — a hoy of oiglit arid a girl of six years, and told thorn something of the gossip of the phco. Tlioy preferred to forestall tlio old "dririies of Abbotsvillo. Thoy ex plained thnt the dead ivoro with God nnd nt rest ; that tlioy all woro in a " man sion not mndo witii hands," in n country, from which in no returning. It wns n bright Spring morning whon tlioy moved into Abbot Hall, and tho ornngo-blossoms wero in thoir full glory. The old house had been aired and renovated. A few modem conveniences bad been added, which must have boon very interesting to the ghost, who had novor before seen -gaslight or solf-neting window slindcB. For a time thoso and various other inventions seemed to astonish tlio Spoctro into silenco, for the tap 1 tap! tap 1 of tho ghostly Hand never sonnded. Sirs. Spofford had imported two ser vants from Glongnrry, who took up thoir residence in tho Hnll. Tlioy woro as superstitions us their class, . bat wcro greatly attached to their master nnd mistress, and would not bo friglitoncd into leaving thorn 'arid tho " web bairns." Ono ovoning a' .-party .of Abbotsvillo inhabitants called to sec tlio Spofibrds. Tlio visitors onmo en masse, as' if thoy found courago in niunbors. Thoy woro rccoivcd in tho library— tho fatal room from whoso window the inurdorcd brido had seen lior kinsman. Tliero wns nothing spccinlly spoetro- i ike about this room or its belongings. It was- furnished plninly in heavy rose wood and brnss furniture, lind curiously constructed dormer windows, ' and a highly poliBliod floor. Tlio Spoffords used this room constnutly, as thoy wore insatiablo renders, atid loved tlio very atmosphere of books. If tliuy had bceu' consulted in the matter, tlio guests might linvo clibsbn another room for thoir reception. '"Sinco tlioy woro not consulted howovor, -tliey made tho host of tlio situation, mid nsked if anything had 'boon hoard from tho ghost. Mrs. Spotford assured thcin thnt tho Hall was n ohnrniing place to live in, nnd that tlio tap, tap, tap; of tho hand lind.novor.sonudod. Evorybody. protcudod to disbcliovo any superstitious legends, > and-, ovorybody laughed at tho silly stories told of Abbot llall. -But overyhody declared that nothing would indnco him or hor to livo in n houso reputed to bo kauntod I While thoy discusscd.tho subject, tlioy wero. startled by the sound of knocking in tlio room. Thoy stopped and. breath lessly listened. It sounded tbrico, liko tho. tap, tap, tnp of the hand. Tkoro was exoitomont , and 'oonfusion among .tlio guests nt onco. First tho Indies delivered. a sriccossion of little Bcrcnms. Evorybody cried " Hark 1" Evorybody nsked, " Bid you hoar that 7" Ono young lady cried, nifd another giggled hysterically. One or two gallant swniiiH seized their hats, with the obvious intention of departing for mora congenial qunrtors, but seeing the absurdity ot their behaviour, thought bettor of it, mid laughed nttko hysterical young ladies. iurs. iepoiioru.giauceci nr. ner uusuuuu with n sudden suspicion tlint lie was tbo author of this scono, but slio snw nt onco tlint she had (lone him nn injustice. He wns giving his attention to tlio cliildron, his face showing somo solicitudo for their alarm. " It must liavo been tlio wind," Mrs. Spotford said, renssuringly. " Cortninly it was nothing worso." " But tliero is no wind to-night," ono young Jndy shivered. " It was some thing worso than tho wiiid innde ;that lioiso." ; " It wasn't a frightful noise," her hostess insisted, scoing' meanwhile' thnt ltor husband wns Buffering from h desire to inugk. " Why, a woodpecker on a liollow trco could- make one almost as loud." . . " But thoro is no woodpeckor nnd no hollow tree in this room," tlio young lady returned, almost sharply. "Tlio noiso was in this dreadful houso and in this very room. I should dio of fear if I stayed, hear. You must cxcuso 1110, Mrs. Spotford, if I tnko my doparturo rather abruptly. Mr. Smytho must tnko mo boino at once," Mr. Smytho was extremely cngcr to do. so. And Miss Andrews snid tlint sinco Miss Trepid was going homo sho thought sho had better bo going also. Then Mr. Jlnrkncss, with coninioiidablo celerity, snid lie would escort lior. Thon tho other members of tho littlo party said they might us well go together. Tlioy had coma in a body, and would not dis band until forced to do so at llniir own doors. Tlmy 'wore all on their feet, getting into their wraps, when thnt decisivo rat-tat-tat sonnded again ! It sounded so near that its effect wns oleotricnl. It was not a muffled, un certain knocking, such ns is hoard at clairvoyant seances. It wns moro clearly defined, every syllable of its weird com munication Bounding through tlio room nsilistinctly ns n dentil-knell , It sounded liko the slmrp, light rapping of the murdered bride of Abbot Hall Wlint could it bo ? No ono spoke, but tliu guests hurried on their wraps and prepared to lonve ns hastily ns possible. Miss Ticpid left without remembering to say good-night, nnd Mr. Sniytlio followed her. Evory one wns embarrassed into silence. Evory ono thought of tlio Hand and longed to bo out of this ghostly library nnd tlio haunted houso. " 1 do not know what causes the noise," Mr. Spotford said, smiling nt tho agility witii which liis guest wcro depart ing j " but I will find out to-night and will toll you in the morning." Afier tlio children had forgotten thoir excitement and wcro asleep in their beds Mr. arid Mrs. Spotford lind dotcrmincd to exnmino tlicso stairs anil tlio cellar coil ing under tho haunted spot. Ho carried a lantern for this purposo and liis wifo, out of curiosity, accompanied him. Sho soon rcgrottcd having dono so. Tlio air seemed damp and heavy, nnd excepting whoro tho iautorn throw its wayward light, the darkness in tlio collar was intense. Tho placo was liko a vault —so' cold and ghoulish. As tlioy grouped tlioir way past mouldy boxes and brokon furniture, tho cobwebs bung bo low that they toughed tlioir faces. Tbo plnoo was dismal — dcsolato. ' Horn, in tlio gaunt blacknoss, loomed a figure liko a scouting ghoul. Was it old Montgomery Abbot's ghost 7 Had bo been condemned to pass his days and nights in this unwholo- somo placo 7 Bid ho linuut tlio cellar as his lally seemed to haunt tlio library 7 Did lio never cense to licnr tho knocking of the hand — knocking against his conscience — until ho sbrioked in agony,? This olnmmy plnco was (it for spectres, for lizards, for earwigs, for anything but human lifo ! Now, Mrs. Spotford lind been proud of hor 'lack of superstition. Sho had flattered liorsolf thnt no supernatural npponrnnco' could deceivo or frighten her. ' Sjio jhrid been glad to show hor courago to licr husband, to. proro to him that sho was not to ho intimidated either by Glengarry talcs or logends of Abbotsville. ' Nevertheless, slin was extremely norvoiis ns slio followed biin through that uncanny cellar. In her secret consciousness slio knew that she longed to get away from tho ugly phantoms and uglier fancies which seemed to mrsuc her. But sho conld not turn jack now, Barry would hnvo tormented lrar to : death if she bad showed tho white ; feather. Sho triod to rally liorsolf. Sho told hcrsolf tlint slip was twonty-oiglit years old rind tho mother of two children. \- Tho idea of a dignified matron being of raid; of the darkness or of ghosts wns absurd. Still, sbo could not convinco herself sufficiently to calm tbo nervous beating of hor heart. All this whilo licr husband had his lantern resting on the old stairenso, and wns '.'critically oxamining evory honrd in its construction. Ho was still vainly searching for some looso or brokon timber to account for tho mysterious rapping, whon liis occupation was suddorily' interrupted-. Something rushed pnst liis wifo's licad witii frightful swiftness — somottiing iioisoless, but so terribly1 truo in its aim that it struck tlio Inntorn rind dashed it to tho ground- It broko into a million, fragments, and loft tbo cellar in impdnctrnblo ilnrknoss. Mrs. Spotford lost all solf-control. Slio slirickod with terror. She mndo no effort to lcavo tlio plneo j sho was helpless nnd boreft of her senses, when bar 1 husband' half dragged nnd hall carried lior up tlio stairs into tho light of their living rooms. " Why, JInilio, Mnilio !" ho ciieil, " linvb'you lost your reason 7 It was only a bat. It wns nttraoted liy tho light, rind camo in through tho opon window. It dashed against tho lantern and broko it.". Sho was recovoring lior composuro. " If this houso is depressing you wo bettor bo laughed nt tliau stay wlicro your norvous system is likely to he impaired." But sho was liorsolf again. ' I imvo been very foolish," she Bnid, " bnt I will not riiovo on that account. I always mas afraid of hats, Barry, but I will ovoroome my fear at onco 1" IIo laughed immoderately at her dissoinbling. ' " So you nro going to try to persuade riie tlint it was tho but thnt Beared you," lio said. "I thought you lirid seen old Montgomery's ghost 1" And thon ho began to sing a parody of a woll-known. minstrel melody, with a refrain of " VVhoro wns Mailio, . wlion tho light wont out 7" " » » 'Tho reputation of tlio haunted Hnll began to spread. Poopio in tlio city lienrd of tho surpriso which lind been experienced by tlio Spotford surpri.se- pnrty, and many, out of curiosity, camo to visit tho haunted house. On sovoral oebnsions the ghost vory accommodatingly knocked, ns is to exhibit n satnplo of its performance. Many camo to tlio Hall to rally its occupants, but wont away silenced nnd impressed by tho ghostly demonstration. Tho knocking in tho library scorned unaccountable. Mr. Spotford had tlio flooring taken np and the brokon stairs removed, and for a long time afterward tlio rapping censed. It was rcsuniod ono ovening when a physician was calling at tbo Hall. Ho bad ridiculed tbo idea of supernatural visitations, anil lind intimated that tlio ghost was one of Mr. Spotford's practical jokes. And whilo Barry denied the oliargo tbb Iland knocked thrico, and tlirico again 1 When tlioy had given up searching for tho cnuso, Mr. Spotford declared his intention of soon leaving tho houso. " I hnvo stayed longer than I should linvo dono," lio said, " because I disliko being beaten by bo small a mystery. Neither my wifo nor I linvo any super stition, but wo find tlio noiso annoying." \- Tlio doctor snid nothing, but looked thoughtful. Before ho loft tlio houso ho wont into Mr. Spotford's study, where tlio two gentlemen engaged in earnest conversation. Tho doctor believed lie bad found tho clue to tho mystery. Whon his guest wns gono, Mr. Spotford sent for his little girl, nnd snt a long timo with tho child in his arms. " Annctto," ho said, nt length, " wo nro going to lcavo this houso keforo tlio chrysanthemums nro in blossom. Will tliey not bo sorry when tlioy opon their oyes next week nnd do not find you here 7" Tho child's oyes filled with tears. " You know tlio ugly noise3 in tho house, Annotto. Thoy troubio its so that I nm going to tako you all away. Aro yon glad, my dnriing 7" " No, papa." Sho lind bidden her fnco in licr hroast. " But would you not liko to go wlicro tliero nro no unpleasant noisca 7 Arc you nover afraid, Annotto ?" " No, papa, I am not afraid." Ho teyod witii licr hair, and kissed licr soft, ripo mouth. " Toll mo why you nro nover nfroid," ho snid. " Tell mo wbnt makes tho ugly noiso." Tho hot blood rushed into tlio naughty culprit's fnco. Slio covered it with licr dimpled hands, but tlio toll-tnlo lips quivered. You must' toll mo at onco, Annette," ho said, firmly. She wns yielding, but she evinced a littlo prudent forotliouglit. You won't whip mo if I tell yon — will you, papa?" " No." Then sho broko down coniplotely. Sho cast liorsolf on tho floor at liis foot, sho wopt convulsively, and . in a fronzy of grief and penitonco mado hor astonishing confession. Tliero ain't any glioBt, papa. I mado tlio horrid noiBo with my foot I" It was as tho dootor had surmised. He had noticed that tlio child had shown no fear when tho knocking sounded. This seemed to him unnatural in an cxcitablo nnd impressionable child. Ha lind also noticed that sho ovinccd uneasiness when her father declared fiia intention of moving. Thoro must, bo somo sccrot reason or slio would linvo nearly died with fear. So the doctor lind suggested to lior father, who acted upon tho suggestion nt once. By dint of paliont questioning Mr. Spofford succeeded in drawing tlic'wliolo story from liar, nnd I present it in licr language "At first I didn't mean to do it," slio said. "That night when nil the Indies and gentlemen wero hero, I patted tho wooden floor of tho library, and I didn't know that I hail dono it. Thon they ail said, ' Oil, listen to that!' and ' Oh there's tho Hand now I' But I kept still, bccanso I wasn't suro that I had dono it. So, nftor a little whilo I wanted to find out if it mas me, and I patted again. Then nil tlio pooplo ran away." - " But why did you not explain to your mamma or mo ?" her fathor asked. " I know yon Svasn't afraid,' pnpn " " Thon why did you let mo liavo , tlio floor torn up and the stairs pulled down 7 Think how much .of my time and money hnvo been wasted." She wcut off into anotlior paroxysm of grief. " I didn't know you wero going to liavo tho carpentors hero until thoy wero nearly dono," silo sobbod ; " nnd then it was too into, nnd I wns afraid to toll." "But why did you eontinuo to deceive people, Annotto 7 Why did you knock almost every timo that wo lind visitors 7 Why " Sho interrupted him by such a violent storm of griof that lio kocnino nlarmod. " When tlioy enmo," slio snid, with fovcrisli excitement, "you told thorn about tlio knocking, and thoy laughed and said you wasn't telling tho truth. Thoy wouldn't boliovo yon, papa, they wouldn't lelieve you ! So I knocked again and knocked again, until they hncm that my papa, wasn't any story teller." Whon she lind boon lectured and for given, lio put her into bed nnd wont to find liis wifo." "I have found tho Ghost of Abbot Hall," lio said. " Como and I will show hoi to yon." Tlio child was nslcop in licr crib, lior laslics still ivct with penitont tears. As hor mother bent ovor hor nnd kissed hor, she stirred uneasily in licr Bleep, nnd spqko whilo drenmmg. "Thoro is 110 ghostly hand, papa. It's nothing hut a foot." 