The friends of Bishop Moorhouse in this country have been pained and startled by several of his utterances since he readied England. It has seemed uow and again as if lie was bent on fighting over his old quarrel with secular education on plat- forms where his one-sided views could not tie controverted. Still, it may be conceded that great allowance must be made for a man who feels strongly in a matter where the interests of religion seem to be at stake and Dr. Moorhouse has perhaps said no more in London aud Manchester upon this ques tion than he propounded quite legiti-' mutely among ourselves. The case is dif ferent when we find 1dm attacking the English Non-conformists in a set speech, declaring that they are actuated by a .mean jealousy of the social ascendency of the Anglican Church, and intimating that tlicy want " to try and hamper it " and cripple it and rob it of its means of " work, aud to leave tbe villages of " England to become pagan again," nnd all this " without any conceivable adequate " reason that could suggest itself to the " mind of man." AVe seem to be in a dream when wc read language of this kind from Dr. Moorhouse. AV hen that gentle man w:is here ho made himself the mouthpiece of the broadest religious toleration among Protestants. His great quarrel with tbe State was that it would not recognise the fact that all Christians outside the Roman Catholic Church could unite in a pure and undoginatic teacliiug. He won the respect of moderate men by his own liberality, especially in his gallant, though unsuccessful, attempt to permit the exchange of pulpits between Anglicans aud their brethren of other denominations. If we had been told that a Victorian clergyman was to speak of the substitution of Non-conformity for the Church of England as equivalent to a re turn to paganism the world at large would have guessed auy man as likely to be the offender rather than Dr. Moor house. Besides, we believed the Bishop to be not only a liberal but a well read man. He at least must have known at one time what' some of the traditions of the Anglican Church, are. The clergyman who kept bears to '.bait' on Sundays ; the Fleet-street par sons ; the chaplains who married their patrons' discarded mistressesj.and were re- warded with livings ; the Parsons Tridlivsr whom Fielding knew ; the fox hunting and tho port wine parsons of later genera tions; and the absentees and phiralists, who predominated iu the church only sixty years ago, and who worked their livings by underpaid curates — these aro tho men who are mainly responsible for the paganism of English country life. Tin' very polish of English <5hurch dignitaries was pagan till very lately, and to have edited a Creek play was a better qualification for the Bench of Bishops than to have written a commentary on tho Bible. When AVer, lev and his followers began missionary work in the groat cities of England they were met- with fierce opposition from the clergy ol their own Church, stoned, mobbed and denied a hearing in countless parishes where the rector was powerful, denounced and thwarted by Bishops, and finally com pelled, sorely against John AVeslcy's wish, to renounce fellowship with the Church of their baptism. Yet it is not too much to say that, except for these men's labors, the country districts of England would havo become as heathen as fnshionablo society was in the days of AValpolo and AViikcs. The Evangelical revival that has infused new life into the English establishment is derived from the. impulse given by non- conformists, and yet Dr. Moorhouse ventures to assert that it is only the English Church which cau save the nation from paganism ! It is no doubt possible, and wc believe it is true, that the pretensions of tbe Eng lish clergy to be something better than other men, and in particular immeasurably abovo the ministers of Non-comfor- mist churches, are a constant source of irritation and ill-blood. It is not in human nature, and it is to be hoped it never will be in .Euglish human nature, quietly to endure the as sumption of ineffable superiority by mere pretenders. Auy self sufficient young prig who has been turned out from Oxford or St. Bee's and licensed to work by the laying on of hands considers himself the peculiar vehicle of the Holy Ghost, and treats men like a Dykes, a Baldwin Brown or a Punshon, with supercilious condescension at best. In virtue of his connection with the State lie claims precedence at all functions, and he may exclude the unbaptised child from its last homo in consecrated ground, or claim to render the last offices to the Non-con formist dead, who when they were living steadily recoiled from his ministrations. Non-conformists will follow a very mis. taken policy if they stibmit to these out- ward and visible signs of inferiority a day longer than they are obliged. They are entitled to a fair field for their doctrines, und it is not a fair field when the State throws the whole weight of social prestige nnd a great deal of educational patronage on the side, of a body which is barely entitled by its numbers to retain possession of Church benefices. It may be said, and Dr. Moorhouse would pro bably put his argument in tliis way, that as the Church of England is in possession of the field, nnd is nt this moment in a condition of fair vitality, other bodied ought to support it as their represen tative in the struggle against the com-'" mon enemies, ignorance and infidelity. That is surely to assume that dogmatic differences between Christians aro so unimportant that they ought to bo merged when common work is to be done. To a great extent, of course, wo shall all be prepared to agree with this. Every sect in this country is able to unite in works of charity, and the laity are per petually urging their ministers to co operate for a common religious teaching of the young, and to exchange pulpits freely with one another. Still, tho great fact remains that in proportion ai men aro earnest and thoughtful in their religious convictions will they nttach extreme importance to forms of faith. The Church of England is kept Protestant by the Euglish Parliament, which does not allow convocation to tamper with the creeds, and which sub mits tho obligations of religious belief to the arbitrament of lay tribunals. AA'hcn all is said, a very largo number of the men whom English law forces upon pnrish churches aro as Popish as they dare to be. Others, again, are broad churchmen' of a faith wc cordially respect, but which is not that of the village farmer or of his men. If the different iit/n-Oriinformist bodies seo that they can supply a want in parishes of this kind, if they can preach a religion which goes more homo to the heart, and influences tho life more than the teaching of the Church of England, is it not reason able that they should be allowed to labor freely in their own country ; and even if by a change of law a parish was allowed to substitute a " AVesloyan or an Indepen dent minister for its spick and span . University graduate would the change be tantamount to re storing the altars of Jupiter or Thor V Is is not unutterably sad to find a man of Dr. Moorhousc's calibre, who got a generous support from Christians of every persua sion in this community, degenerating into a mere partisan when he makes his homo under the cold shade of an English Cathe dral? Would the great founder of our re ligion find more of his own faith in this diatribe against thousands of his own servants or in the impartial toleration oi the Victorian State school system? AVe quite agree with Air. Patterson that "Parliamentary government, as at " present worked, is a bar to progress but we doubt whether he would ever gef Parliament itself to say so, much less tc adopt his proposal to split tho Chainbei iuto committees, and give each commit tee Bills to thresh out, even though they were to be paid. Payment would not compensate tho members foi the loss of publicity to their proceedings, for it would be impossible to' report them, and without he was reported how would Air. Hall's constituents know what he was doing ; and how coulil Air. Ilall himself continuu to talk to Buncombo ' But tliis is not the only objection froir the Ilall point of view. Government bj committees would no longer be party Go. vcrument, because the committees would relieve Government of all responsibility for its measures, and the place-hunter and Orpheus O. Kerrs of Parliamentary life would find their occupation taken frou; them. A Aliuisterial crisis could only bt provoked by some act of mal- administra. tion or misconduct which would siibjecj Ministers to the criticism of the entiri House ; and it would be a very tliicla headed Alinistry indeed who would run th< risk of a job merely to benefit theii friends ami dependents, when their liff would be rendered comparatively peaceful and secure by simply keeping selfish nnd honest. But even then Mq Patterson's plan could not save them froti worry and annoyance. They would stil bo liable to be badgered by the men with grievances and the men with hobbies, while the bores would still have the power to arrest the business of the House and talk them dead. The question-list would grow in length each day, and notices of motion would cover the lloor of the Chamber like snowllakos in a winter's storm. The only benefit wc should gain by the change would be that Hills would be removed from the Parliamentary arena, and they would not reappear till they were iu a fit state to be placed on the Statute Book. The benefit would be enhanced if wc could be sure that legislation would be improved in quality as well as in quantity. The com mittees would doubtless get through their work much quicker ; but it is not so cer tain that they would do it much better. Being component parts of the whole House, they would represent its average capacity; that is to say, they would be neither superior r.or inferior to the whole House itself. If they followed the French model, they would sit in separate rooms debating the same measure at the same time, and at the final stage two of each committee would be chosen by lot to put the finishing stroke to th6 offspring of their joint deliberations, which would then be ready for presentation to the Legislature. This temporary seclusion and the division of labor may secure com parative freedom from idle talk and vexatious interruption; but it would not necessarily secure greater perfec tion. of workmanship. On -the other hand, it would not diminish the num ber of bores and dmices who gene rally constitute the noble army of obstructionists, and who are always on the aloYt to find a pretext for an assault upon the Treasury Benches. While we admit fliat Parliaments are rapidly growing into mobs, and that a mob is not qualified to decide' nice questions of policy, or to con vert a heterogeneous mass of two hundred and forty clauses into a harmonious and smooth working law, it is nevertheless not deficient in critical insight, and it can generally afford to take larger and fairer views of the equities of the case under its consideration. Being conscious of its. strength, it almost always leans to the side of moderation uud compromise. Com mittees would not have this feeling to the same extent. They would be more calm and judicial, but they would also be more rigid and unsympathetic, and being re moved from the public sight they would not trouble themselves so much about keeping touch of the public mind or winning public confidence. Whilst we are quite sensible of the merits of Mr. Patterson's plan — which by the way is not Mr. Patterson's at all, but is the offspring of Mr. Fitzgibbou's genius — we rather incline to the belief that the blouse lias within itself the means of putting - down the obstruction he com plains of without revolutionising its pro cedure or reconstructing its machinery. It cannot he said that it has, like the House of Commons which legislates for an Empire, got to that stage of repletion when it has got more work than it can really digest. The half dozen measures that a Victorian Parliament turns out in the course of a six months' session might be completed in half the time if the other half were not devoted to faction fights, lobbying, log-rolling, personal altercation, talking to Buncombe and all the rest of the sins in the Parliamentary calendar. . There is not one of these offences which Parliament has not the power of suppres sing as at present constituted, without going, further afield in search of now powers. Why should there not be a check put upon that free and everlasting privilege of tongue, for example, which is regarded by some supersti tious folk as the palladium of Par liament, but which is really tho device of a rude age, designed to ward off daugers that no longer exist? In the French and in tjie American Republic members are restricted to certain limits, within which they must say all that they have to say ; and nobody has ever com plained that tho rule is at variance with the spirit of democratic institutions. Suppose Mr. Patterson were to induce the Assembly to put a half-hour-glass on the Speaker's table next week, and make everybody's eloquence run down with its sands, would tho country lose anything by it? The restriction would not apply to. Ministers, of course, who cannot help talking, but are naturally averse to talking more than they can help ; neither wobld it necessarily hinder the amuse ments of those sprightly legislators wjio,' like Mr. Tittlebat Titmouse, cultivate a natural taste for cock-crowing and other childish gambols. One of Horace Walpole's correspon dents recommended that members should vote'first and speak afterwards, but most of the speaking nowadays is done when there is 110 vote before the House ; and so this .remedy would not avail. The late Dr. Badham, of Sydney, threw out a happier idea iu one of his lectures. He proposed that members of Parliament should pass an examination, and then be divided into three classes ; tho first class to have the right of voting and speaking ; the second, tl;e, right of voting without speaking ; and the third, to neither vote nor speak, but to merely ' make interjections, and' cry Hear, hear! and Oh, Oh! The obvious disadvantage of this plan is that occasionally a good man may fail to bo placed,' in which case both the House and the community would be the losers.- Imagine, for example, some accident or some crotchetiness on the port of the examiner which should re duce Mr. Deakin, vir bonus tt dievndi peritus, to tliiukiug and nodding his, hfenil like Lord Burleigh iu Mr. Puff's play, while- the Opposition were floundering helplessly about his Irrigation Works? It must be remembered that we already make several sacrifices to the genius of good order. For example, we prevent a member from speaking twice to the same motion, and we sometimes put an end to his speaking altogether by moving the previous question. We are only mak ing a further slight encroachment 011 his liberty, therefore, if we restrict his speeches to a given duration. Next to speaking too often and speaking too long \y the popular engine of obstruc tion called moving the adjournment of the House-, We have placed some restric tions on this evil habit, but they daily prove insufficient to suppress the annoyance ; and something more remains to be done in this direction before we resort to the extreme remedy that Mr. Patterson pro poses. The privilege is still too lightly used, and it will bear to be curtailed with- " put' injuring any party. It has been a means of self- protection in the hands of an oppressed minority before now, and so Sm the . right of speaking against time, flat minorities .that-hare poblio opinion at their back can dispense with any other defence, because their cause must bo tri umphant in the long run ; and by remov ing obstructions and expediting business tlioy improve their prospects with the public What we have to consider, after all. is the interests of the "country first, and those interests are best served by facilitating the work of law making, and compelb'ng the law makers to attend to their business, and not waste the public time or lower the character of Parliament by the abuse of their Parliamentary privileges. The extension of local Government will 110 doubt eventually relieve (lie central Legislature of much that it has to do at present. When eaclt district constructs its owu public works out of its own re venue the log roller's scat in Parliament will know him 110 more; ar.d the log-roller is the most inveterate of obstructionists to business. Till then he is a creature to be rendered as harmless as possible by gags and inanaclcs that will keep him from downright rowdyism, and at the same time will leave him in the fullest possession of his constitutional rights as a repre sentative. If he is in the right, the Press will be his best champion. Carlylc made a mistake when ho predicted that debating would be made an obsolete art by the newspapers. The debates are as long and as acrimonious as ever they were; but what the newspapers can do is to take care that the honest debater gets fair play by rallying public opinion to his side. 