The Sandgate Railway Ex. tension. After a careful incubation of eighteen months, the Ministerial egg, which was supposed to contain the plans of this much and often promised extension, has turned out to be addled. The political bunch of carrots, so artfully dangled before the gaping mouths of the electors of Sandgate, having served its purpose and actually turned blue mouldy with procrastination, is relegated to the Ministerial limbo, that place which; like another, is crowded with the ghosts of slaughtered innocents, and paved with good intentions never intended to be performed. The Minister for Works, when he unfolded his plans for railways to the Assembly on Tuesday night, had cooly shuffled this miserable £4,000 job into the third schedule, and the plans will not be laid on the table of the House this session, which simply means in plain English, that it is not going to be done at all. We have always asserted that the Government never dreamt of doing this work, and the result has turned out exactly as we predicted. The electors of Sandgate, have been properly humbugged all through, but in a manner anything but creditable to the Minister of Works. It will be a lesson to them in the future, never to believe Mr. Miles again, when as Minister, he evolves his oracular pro- mises. In May, '85, he used Mr. H. Wake- field, when asking to be returned for Moreton, and authorised him to state in public meeting, that the Cabinet, that very day, had approved of the plans of the Sandgate railway extension ; and that the work wa to be commenced forthwith. This, to use the Speaker's words, was "the lie with circumstance," being employed as a political dodge to get Mr. Wakefield elected. Months, passed, and as Mr. Wake- field could not be screwed up to ask, when this work was to be proceeded with, Mr. Morehead was applied to, and he succeeded, or rather Mr. Stevenson for him, in eliciting "the countercheck quarrelsome " from the Minister, and post haste came sur- veyors down to re-survey land which was alreadv white with the pegs of old surveys. The storm passed over and nothing more was done. When the present session commenced, the Minister informed us, in the pre- sence of Mr. Wakefield, nay more, he pledged himself to lay these plans on the table of the, House this very season. This was the "retort courteous." When, a fortnight later, Mr. Wakefield ventured to the question, when, &c.;, he was met with a mixture of the "reply churlish" and the "reproof" valiant under which he utterly col- lapsed. With all due respect to Mr. Miles, he has thrice broken his pledged Mini- sterial word, and has treated with great discourtesy the wishes of a place which has always been a faithful slave to the liberal party. If a man, be he Minister or private individual, breaks his word he cannot blame people if hard things are said and thought about him. We could almost pity Mr. Wake- field; he is somewhat in the position of being between the devil and the deep sea. We are well aware, he has done his level best to get this work done for his constituents both in and out of season. Men, however, are apt to judge of a man's exertions by the results of his labour; and as in this case the results are nil, it is but natural that the electors of Sandgate should deeply resent Mr. Wakefield's want of success, supineness, or whatever the cause maybe, and vow to make him feel that resentment when the proper time arrives. 