"FOUNDED ON FACT. BY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I had written a novel which, I may say wihout affectation, had boon received, aliko by the public, and the preos, with marked favour.. Possibly the generous reception. xtgiided to it niay, in some measuroe, have boon the result of my own frankness in at once" acknowledging the source fron whlich I ihad drawn my Inspi . ration. Nevertheless, Ilan, Ithick, jUs. tified in saying that'the book owed its. succesa less to the intricacy of its plot than to the adroit manner in which the incidents were handled, and, above all, to the subtle analysis of a msind gifted beyond the common. TIle,volumee has boon so recently in the, hands of readers, and by, them so fJlly" discussed, GthlatIh.fecl- a unot en? .?i di i "donco•in-r e 'rrii'g f t l 9-if er '7i" thing like detail. If there is one thiing dislike more than another, it is the thrust;" ing of my own personality before the" public. But, unfortunately, I have no option in the present instance; I have given asolemn pIledge under circumstances of peculiar gravity, and the responsibility rostingon me until that pledge is redeemed cannot readily be over-estimated. I have -unwittingly, it is true--perpetrated a serious wrong against a follow-creature, and the only inethod open to .me of un. doing tllo'ovil.thus wrought is to make my recantation. no less public. than the .error which renders it necessary. . .Although, thoerefore, I do not feel called upon to enter with any degree of minute. nesa into the particulars of my story-a task particularly distasteful toone of my modest disposition-I am forced to call to the reader's memory one or tivo of the leading events sot forth in its piages. It will bo remembered that in the preface I at once, as I have said, 'disharmed hostile crificism on the score of originality by can didly daclaring the basis of my tale to be tihe account of a certain trial for murder, which I had uneartlhed fronc an old news paper. It would, however, be unfair to my own share in the work did I not add that thlodetails there given vwore of the most eaongro kind-a veritable skeleton in fact fromnt which not only every vestige of flesh had long sinesoo disappeoared, bua which, diuring those years of sopulture, had lost a goodly numbor of. its original bonses; and among those many of its most important.. To. me, then, fell the tiask of rehabilitating thisticno-worn structuro--of clothing it agaicn, nso .to speak,:'.with its former wrappings-and of imparting. to it such vitality as might prove acceoptable to the public of the present day.. -- " The newspaper report to which Iliavo alluded was. short and to many inight seem prosaic. It told ici conciso laniiguage io' a certain Benjamin North Ihad been stried and convictdd'of the murder of his .wife, Hypatia, which crime no doubt, althoegh the fact remained unrecorded, he in dci -course expiated on the., scaffoldi. Thle evidenco went to: show, that for ?inany years.previohs to.theircmcucriage tis union .of.,tloase5oulcsl-.obseclocn ed.uloljtedoit a *probable, and that only a series of malign influences .ihad- prevented the "consumn mation of thleir hopes at an eaTrlior priod. Their happiness, howover,'was fated to be of brief dunration. - Shortly after the. wedding, Ilypatia-no longor, be it said, in the firstbloom of heryouith-delvelopcd symptoms of ill-lhcalth. The circumstance . did not pass unobserved by liher husband, in whose favour it was urged at the trial that no one could have dmsplnyed greater patience or devotion. The haunts of her earlier days were forsaken, and old friends saw almost nothing of their former corn rade. On tho-raro occasion which found hint absoitt from his Wife's side it wias ap parent, nmorover, that he had changed grcatly. .' His manner was. moro serious and at times oven depressed. A certain gloosm lhid settled upon his faco, 'ancd his very gait betrayed ae mind ' anxiois and. haranssed. The sudden deatl of his wife followed' soon after. . Of its cause.theor never was the slightest doubt: a day or two pro-e viously.North had purchased a quantity *of arsenic with the oestonsiblo purpose of giving it to his horaos to iinprove the itp, pearnceo of their coats. It wass clearly proved, aid indeed was never denied, thlat his wifo'a'death lied resulted from a. dose of this very poison. Tihe defence hppears to have boon con ducted'on the most primitive loins. , A plea certainly, was advanced that the woman had, either by ccildent or design, taken the arsonicherself; .lut. as no ovi-. dence was adduced in support of the as sortion, the man's cease quickly fell to the ground.. Nor, from nwhat I could gather, did the result cause hiit. either surprise or uneasiness. . Like the Greeks of old, le seemed to see in his approaching doom the hand of fate from which no miortal aid could save him. Such was the frainovwork upon which I had avowedly built up my story, carry ing candour even so far as to give chapter and verse for iy autlhority. And althoigh. it may, at first glance, be thiought that the narrative contained little either of an extraordinary or sensational nature, to me thororwas much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjured uli tlhe early struggles of. these Idving hearts. the long, slow years of waiting until their hopes at last should be crowned with fruition. In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if sonmwhlat self-contained, charncter. And towanrds these two, just as the cup of happiness was raised to their lips, the hand of death cwas soon to stretch forth, and the inoevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of lis wife's near dissolution I had no doubt, and that he felt the coming separation even more acutely than herself was no less clea- to smo. And so hle had taken his determine. tion. If they mnight no longer live to. getlher, death at least should .not iart thoim. Imbued with this rd?slvoi holsad purchased tie poisoec, intending'to mcak away with botlh hIis wifo andh-limsaolf. But, after admincistericg hier pdrtioa~ his nerve had failed him ; and beforie ho could, sunimon up courage sullfcient to'coiijplets Ihis purpose, juatoo was on lhias tracmk. Neverthleless, when his fate came, hle met it calmly andheroically, consciousi that if he had sinned in act he was at least innoedont ie intention. The character of the man lied grown upion me with wonderful vividness, aid I hlad taken the greatest pains to portray thle ciotives by whilch eo- had been animated, The success of tihe book may be accepted as some iisdication that nmy efforts were not wholly in van. : 'Some forw wceeks aftoir its publlcntion I nas sitting one evonine c alonoei niy study,' It;was closoe upoin nudnighe, and .Ilhad already boon writing for aseveral hoursa;'a it was Ics ossnary the work?I had ie lande s ashould-be finislhedby seecifidtiin;e, and I was anxious to keep fafth. Just at that moment I found myself brought to a stop by the want of certain data, which I re membered were to be found in one of my refodrnc-books. Being desirous to com plete the article before retiring for the night, I accordingly laid aside my pen,. and proceeded downstairs in pursuit of the volume in question. A few nemmutes' searchl sfliced to pro vide me. with ivwhat I roequired, and, taking the book in my hand,'I returned once moreto ney work. Enterinig the room hastily, it was ,lot until I reached imy place at the table that I noticed the chair oppositb to me to be occupied. I must confess to considerable surprise and even somie little alarm at thleo appari tion of a stranger in nmy house. With the exception of the servants Ilivoe alone, and certainly Iliad no recollection of having iinvited an~yone of this getlieman's appear trived to eoeter: without nmaking'himis?lf heard 3 S-" Good evening, air,l he said, with a strong provincial accent, as I :took smy seat. " Good evening," I replied, nsot very cordially, perhaps; but under the circum stances as absence -of warmth might be excused. "-Ifear, however,' I coitinoued, !' I have riot the advai;ntagoof knowing wlhom I al addressing'._;t As I spoke I made a easty survey of the stranger hi .the hope of'f recalling .the occasion' on 'which wo :had noet before.-, Buit my efforts were in vain. His features seemed wholly unknown to me. . These, ib may bo. observed, were sufli ciently remarkable to.leavo a lasting is- pression iupon a memosry .less retentive - thal my own. But What struck ie cniost forcibly in this first examination was the old-fashioned air of the man ; an imlires sion, by the way, coiesiderably heightened by his style of costume,': which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern fashionable in the years of this century, but curiously. oet of keeping. with the present-day fur-' niture of my room:- The otlher.points in particular attracted my attention :.the first, thalt-Io was a very small man-so small, indeed, that is eo: satboila sriot' in-: ordinately high ;chair, his feoot did not even touch the ground, beet hlung "sus ponded in Inid-air, oscillating: backwards and forwards likoe a pair. of pondulumns'; the other,- thiitilso face was exceedingly red and chubby. -Throe was, mioreover, a good-naturered twinklo abot his eyes wvlich unmcediately suggested to tlhe observer, a. power of approciating a joke, if not of.too subtlo an order, quiteo equal to 'the average. Although I myself ives uncoiscioua of. having given utterance to. anything par ticularly liumorousa ,le seemued to draw front my reply a, considerableo fund of Saeusoment, for it set hii laeughing sonise-. Swhat boisterously.q ' And yob," heo. m- a cored, " there's nobody livng.kno.ws-. .or thinks he kilows -more about' me and neiy doings than yoierself .;" -' :,:: '. " You icust' boltbourin" under some, \- minstkeo;," I ,rejoiei d' ra'e-l 'Ules S.iy-'ecmoi-ry dg' a tly di -nreer miiab befo'b; to cghlt,?'?oithat it-is. itipossible -I 'should 'b ncqcua ntedithdd th your history."; "i_ S'Thiit' iprocisely.wt vliat Ihlia?vocomnotb' coupllaici about,"- said thel little mainl turning a shadoe redder, and with a touch of irritation in his voice ; " you admit you have never soon me before- know nothing of. lay thoughts, actions, cmanners,, or tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly con stituto yourself my biognpher 1"' " Your.--your-wVhat 1" I queried. M '"?Iy biogmpepher," reldied the stranger. SMy -.name, sir, is Northl-Benjaminn North- -and I've taken some little trouble, lot me toll you, to conce lhero to-night, that I'n1ay have tleo. satisfaction .of a per sonal explanation with the gentoleman who has boeen good enough to. writse my life." I sat back in my chair spoeechless, over come with tihe variety of oemotions which crowded upon me. But what, perhaps, oppressed' -el.cloro tihan anly, was the thought ihat. I had boon-basely tricked and deceived. ' Tish Benjamin-: Nortl- red-faced, conunonplace, fat little porson, tlhoprototyipeof that high- soulodasid gentle nine whose career I lind traced -witlh so loving a handd? It was impossible; or, if it were ,indoeed true, then I-had been deeply. wtroiged: robbed of- what is dearest to tie writer's heart--a :noble ideal. " I thought I should suirprise you," he resumlced,s" and I'm glad to find tliat you have at least the grace to be' siloit. : But d on'. suppose I've conme all the way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, in' so actingIl.had a definite object in view-ain object, nmoreover, I intoed shall bt- aecomplished: before I return." : He pasused for. ac neiomit', .'wh6ther from ox citemcnt:or -waint of' breathl I ,as unable to determineo, but quickly continued in an imprdssive tone, conitrastiig' ludicrously with his appoanuco, '.You, e air, haee done Slif a seorious ijiry." As he said those words I felt iiclisned to break .into a hysterical .laugh at, the absurdity of the . accusation,, but with a strong -effort I controlled myself. " I do not,'" I observed, "quite understand wvhlet grouilds you have for complaint." . '-No soonor lhnd I spokeoi than I would have given much to' recall the sentence. Tliohe ofect upon BMr. North was so decided as to cause Ine srious alarnn. 'His face becamce purple, and I feared eovry'instant to seo him roll off his seat in a tit of. npolilexy. Thile horrible thought forced itself upon me : what if I were loft with the corpse of a ghost upon mlly hands? Fortunately, howover, I was spared that calamity, for, recovering himself, lie again addressed me, thies time almost savagely- " "C Grounds for comnplisint I' he echoed. ' Why, sir, eputinsg asild all question as to'foots, rogerding wcicle, by thlce way, you ara about as fat wrosng as a mean can be, whoro,e :may Iask,'.did you: fiid' autlidarity for the clharactr you Ihvo given ; The' s'titio's ceutaiily isnoplised nsm -noet a little."" I' I mst a low," I answeered ' "I drew that fron scy imflgin ': ' Imagi'iittos -I hie replied in an accorit-of thoemoset lirofouncd contemnpt.' 'Exactly; 'you novel-writers- seom to fancy'that the moniont oue hLave uttered slibboleth " Imnigination" the last ivord; has beci s?id. It nover.occurrod to you, I suppose, to think whaIt m feelings nmiht be oli the subject ?' I- cocnfess," I rotunrcd, someowhat humbly, " I had not given that point the coensidomrtion it doubtcss deserved. You must remembebr, .howvser," I added in extenuation,, Othat yoe hlad been dead some sovesity years or more. Moreovoer, I took tihe precaution of changing your name. . C.1.. That's good;'rtoerted thle little man,. wewincng his logs to and fro with addi tional force. Really, you are too conside rate.: And: such.a disguise, too I. No body, of comrse couldl possibly, recognis Benjamin Ndrth under the pseoudonym of BenjanmiiSoiith. : '.D:= _:..; a =9 = " "?he two names are at least as far apart as tho poles,"I 'suggested with a vacuous muilo,i hopingto'turn tho..mattor into: a humorous clannel. " Egad I you'vo a pretty wit,' ni' an swere'd,- .' a ost excellcent wit.' Tlhu, waxing wanrmer-' Datumo, sir I 'I've known a man run through the body for a worse joke.' - S hastoened to express my satisfaction that the quality of mine was not such as to call down upon me a similar fate. But I spoke to regardless cars, for, paying no heed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to the-attack: " ' Coine, sir, let's have a look at this precious book of yours., You've a copy tndoer yoir ha?!..,e: 't.h"ore iro t.on.i; ;p?asure -of hearing you' repeat aloud. 'upposo we begin with page twenty nine I' i The consternation visible upon my face at this proposal brought back my interlo 'citor to a pleasanter state of things, and a look of marked content settled upon his features as lihe said, with a grim chuckle, 'It isn't every day an iauthor'has the privilego 'of dbclaniing lhis. own, pro ductions to so : appreciativo an audi ence. ' -Recogiiising thl futility of resistance, I took up the volume and opened it at tihe point indicated. As I read, the words seemed' to take a now .iand .unnatural meaning, and-I could hardly realiso that wthey wer the same whicli;an hour ago had appeared so full'of power and descriptive insight; . . " ' The laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,' I began, in a hmard, spasmodic voice, ' wlhilo working towards the saine oids, harve each their.difforont methods of attaining, results. With the formier the thing that is precious-is too ofton hidden beneath a:valueless husk ;. with the latter seldom or never.. So it was in Benjamin South's case.' The dibblo soul within was adunmbratd by 'the lofty expression of his "face;- theo' uncoscious yearnings of a higher nature weore traced upon every line of his features.' Tall and'meagre, almost to emaciation; hlis very person indicated a (disregard' for' all sensual pleasures, :which, it was manifest, swept past shamen-I stricken'i"and abashed, leaving him pure and unsullied as the soft whitelight of the crescent moon." :;- "' It's a little mixed,' .aid my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but •it describes,me to the lifeo. :And' your elocutionary style brings out the points with siuch vividneos, that you really mnust allow nismoto coigratulate you upon'it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it's the most ent?rtairn ing reading I hlave mot with for a long time.! i " t TUnwvilliig as.I felt, thiero: was; nothing for it- but to do as lie requested..: =. - ":! He was gifted,"' roceeded'" with. t; niind of sunguarly analytical and intiots s u'' "iitjnac eihl-?aity i-f.projoctsimg uitaelf-:iintoo " :tlsofutiire, nid. of bringing hack thelice imschli that would haveo proved: elusive to' irisnature less liberally endowed,. Tih' po ' tentiality of his presenco was apparent' Iunder any circumstances ; -it doturiated all with whori ho came in contact, and 'may perhaps l e best described by the word el"ctrical. It will not, howeover, surprise anyone that -a mind so purely \- subjective in its action should have had its weak point, and it must be admitted, that synthetically South's was a compara tive failure. Thue creative faculty had Sbeen in a great measure denied to him, and heroin he fell short of greatness. . But in saying so much I do no more than allow that lie was one of those who only S just miss attaining the heights iposn w'hich -men of the noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived."' ' Thank you 1' said my guest, whoso face during the recital of the preceding had gradually becomo . overcast and 1 troubled. ' I think I won't ask you' to go on. - It's very fine, no doubt, but I'ms afraid I don't quito grasp the' moaning. S.Besides,'it makes me sleepy, and I have Sone or two matters to set right beforo I f leave.' " l : I laid aside the book with a sigh of re a lief. For the first time in my lifo I had o found the pages dull. 'Mr. North's a next remark surprised me not a :little: You're not married of course "' he said. " ' t "'No.? I answered, 'but why "of course",'" i, 'TThen.he continued, disregarding my Squestion,'' in describing thei relations f1 existing btweeon my wife and myself you o drew, I presume upon your imagination again ' a ' "Yes ". I roplied with soino enthusiasm, s "'I pictured to myself the indissoluble y uniion of twio souls, bound togetlheor by no: ' earthly tie lbut merged the one ionto thrie other by thelo sublime alchemy of a divine I hand." o " Thank you 1" he said drily. -." When a I want oxtracts I'll refer to the book it-: I 'self; ' You'certainly havega pretty, power. ful imaitginatio."" : I looked down, colouring alittle at' the" direct coimpliimnt" --=. " You hadn't thu pleasure/of ki~owing; Hi ppi~,I think ?" loe asked. ' "Hippy? '. I ropeated interrogati-ely. t "I mean, the lato Mrs. North I" . "No," I replied. "Alh," lhe aont on in a dreamy way, " You missed a. great treat.! Then, 7 rousing himself, ho leaned fori ard in his Sclhaii, Iholding the: arms firmly so as to prevent himsolf front filling, and in a ' hoarso whisiper addressed me: " If thler dver was a:shrow' anld a toriaignat -born into thiisworld,'it w'is my wifo." ' s Thelio intensity withl: wilihol the 'words wore spoken boro bvidence to theiir trith. If other proofs had belts wanted, itkivould I have boon fomid in theoxprossion of hatred and fear apparent on thle solakoer's -face. : To me thel shock altlhoulgpiaiifil, was :nbotraltogetho r unexpected. AUreay ens Sillusiois hmd boon swept away, and now I Scould'bear With a'certain dcgroB of: calin: noss the loss of the second.. ' 'i" My dear sir," I said, "I beg that you will not oxcite yourself. I tlink ' begin Sto uniderstand the objectof your cominmg .to-night. Lob me assure yotu that any I statement you may desiro to make will be not only impartially judged by me but treated as whlolly private.' " Private I' he interrupted with an Sangry wave of tblo hand. "Egad, sir, the greater the publicity the bettor'll be pleased. You don'tsupposo I camo hero meroly to set myself right with yjos I" Ithought it prudent to pass .over ini ailenoeo:tho slu implied by his, words. "If Ihave injured you inany way,' :I said with clilling 'courtesy, I ain pr?o. 'pared to do whatever lies in my power to place thelo matter iiupsonit riglt bath,':-"' - MIy assuranco appeared to give Mr. Northl profound satisfaction.: He sat back in his place once more, and after a little preliminary cough began to speak. \- 'Tiat's all I;skfor," heo said, " and whlen I've told-you the real facts of the case I shall expoct you'to make them as widely known as the imaginary details contaiied in that volume." "It's very disappointing to you, I ad mit,' hle went on, saottling down to his story, " but truth compels me to say that I never was anything but a very ordinary lhappy-go-lucky sort of a mortal. I don't quite understand what is meant-by ' pro jecting oneself into the future,' but in my case the nearest approach to the process, I tako it, was when my father threatened to kick sme into the nuddle of next week onil account of some youthful escapade. As to-the other complimtary things you hlvei i"cs giod n?l'ug?l to say of me, 'lo " was a little bitof a hirumn- scarunt follow; but I nover wanted for friends. And these were the days, lot mo tell you, sii-, when a man did'nt shrink from his secondl, or even his thinl, bottle of wine; and when the nights wore all too short for the funll and frolic we sought to crowd into them. Prhlaps we weren't so liberally gifted with imagination as the present gnonration; but, by gad, sir I we wore ready enough to back up our opinions with solid facts if required. " Iwnas barely thirty when my, father, died, leaving lme a enuggish .bit of pro perty.'- It didn't represent a fortune of course, but the income yiclded.by it-was sulficicntsfor all wants and a few luxuries .over and: ab-vo -'Alas I my seeming good fortune was to'iprove the cause of my ruin, for froin the day onwlhich Hypatialearned the iiks oiny altered'circumstances aho nioadis pp ]er mind that I should be hIer At this point Ils voice sank to a deep and impressive tone i "For ten years ashe gave mo no peaco, following me fromn plce.to place with tlto tenacity of a bloodhound. From the be. ginning I kneow that theore was no hopo for me, but I died hard. I racked namy brain for excuses. I throw obstacle after -obstacle in Ier way, yet all to no purpose. It woa - only a question of time, and she know it. The moment at last camne when I could struggle no longer, but founid my self faircednto yield up my freedom at 'the altar of our village church. ' - "Then began for mse a life of snntter able misery. The late Mrs. North was a woman bf noble proportions, while, as you have possibly observed, 1 am niotmiy self a Ifercules. When, therefore, as was her wont, sile placed her back against the door protesting that I should no longeri visit my old haunts and-cronies, I could not but recogniso how vain was tlhe power - of prayor to slovo her from tlhe position. I-"Ibecame depressed and moody. All my formserbhuoyancy deserted ne ; and. wvlhen by clhaic 'I eoncouinterad, a?n old- acquaintance; I slliinkk away from' his prsosaece out'of pure sha uii lo; -..a4 , yearse'piseud: ansl ,myw oife fell allai·lsat .tlso diseaacse jacn ho 5ol, JO,, ;insterst'fflys'e, bunt-by'- itosviflorgs dector itroena pronsoundcd to .be deadly.ý -It weae': my siad duty," cobntinued tho spakeelrit, u . a curiously comssglao g clatomysself,. `'td: :to commussicate tollher the torribld intolli STlie habit of'obcdiencb: hailb? tliis time become so engrained in my nature that I did not oven dare to take advantage . of her helplessness, but restiaindd con stantly at her side. Upon this, :iideedl; slohe insisted ; and as hler manaly: did not confine her to bed I acquiescod i lhor wishes with my usual alacrity. - . S"As the end drew. near she became imbued with a mnost unjuso suspicion that her death would not be unwelcoise to me. I cannot tell youi sir," said the littld:man with a break in his voice aid making believe to wipo away a tear, "lrowadedply this delusion painc me. o. " sAnd now, sir, what do you.think the inhlumnl monster did ? - You are aware that I hald purchased the arsonic to give to the horses. -- Inipressed by,' the idea I have mentioned, and dbtormined that I should not be left to rejoice in my now found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning herself, well knowing how fatia to myself the consequenees mustprove. And, being a woman lrgely gifted witll the courage of her.convictions, salhe actually did it." ' Exhausted by tile narratioi. of his wrongs, Mr. North paused here. :. For my own part I hardly knew what to think of . so extraordinary a story. In a moiment -or two, however, ho resumed:---. "' That, sir, is the truth. 'Now are you convinced of the wrong you have done to \- "Yes," I admitted- "your ..version certainly thlrows a now light :upon the in cidents. - "Be assured it is thio correct one; and . accordingly, sir, I claim tllhofulfliliont of your promise, and ask thiat -you will clear imy character from tl'e tissue of falsehooid odon't be offended, sir sifor it is a tissue: of falsehood=w?itlh hicli yourianigination has interwoven it' " You meanss" I answored'somewhlat re-. luItantly, "c that I shall plhco before the public the particulars you have juast.coiii :municated 1'"- -;. \- "Exctly:'' - -- - - I sighed as I thought ofmy Iostideal; but:II hald iiledgd my wornl. "As you will," Iroplied. "I promise." "Good I" ho rejoined. Thenou suddenly changing the subject, "fBy the way, have you ever noticed the peculiar consforms. tion of that bust over your head 1" S"No," I answered, looking its thie direction indicated; "I don't know that I have. Perhaps," I suggested, turning a"ain towards him, "it is theo effect -I stopped. 'The chair before me was empty. 