V.A.T.G GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. (Br Telegraph.) Mkluouune, Sunday.— The Grand National mectiug of the V.A/i'.C. was held to- day at Caultleld, and despite the threatening weather the attendance was very good. The weather, however, held up, and a very fine day's racing was the result. The course was not in bad con dition, though a trifle heavy. The first event on the card— the Sapling Stakes — brought 18 yonugsters to the post, ami Sunshade won in lino style by half a length from Epicurean, Carnival being third two lengths off. ITiirteeu horses saddled up for the Hurdle Race, for which Huutsman and Ocean were equal favorites at very short odds. The pot boiled over, however, for Bourne Lad, with fist, on his back, was first past the post, beating Distiller by a nock only, JIuntstnau was third. Bolli Ocean and Koolyte fell. Cuba appropriated the .Selling Race from Mabel Gray, Meleagrida ami three others. The winner was bought in for £-10. Eight horses weighed out for the event of the day, the Cauliicld Grand National Steeplechase, and Game was made a hot favorite at even money. He justified the opiuion of Ids backers by winning after a hard tussle with Contingent by three and a half lengths. Terang, who fell the second time round, was third, a very long distance off. Every horse in Ihe race, except the two first, came to grief. The last, event of the day, the Balaclava Stakes saw J I horses face the starter, and Pocahontas, who started favorite, won by » neck from Quinten Matseps and Honey I3ee, who filled the places. The results were as fol lows :— SAPLING STAKES. Sunslmdc, by Newmiuster— Sunbeam, 7st. 71b. (.Snmlurst .. .. .. .. .. 1 Kphurmn. 7st. 7U). (O'Brien) .. «. J Carnival, "st. I01b. (Btmee) .. .. .. J Other s tarter : l.enton. Dreamer, Master Nmmun, Arotos, Ur.uid, Casinot, Trust, Pingura, Klra, l-'alka, Alexandra, Nectarine, Query, Golden lTecce, Bargin, Julian tiruy. Retting : Jl to 1 v. Sunshade, 0 to 1 v, Basinet, C to 1 v. Mpieurcan, 10 to 1 v. Query and Carnival. The favorite got the best ot a good start and led Into the strulght, where Tru<t was very forward. At tho distance Kplcureuu came with a tush and wis only beaten by sunshade by half a length; Carnival was third, two lengths away, ami then cuitic Trust, lYnton, Bargin, Cusiuct aud Query, with i'rotos and Uraud last. Tliue, t'.'see, lR'HllLE RACK, ' Bonnie Lad, by Terror, list. (Gardiner). ..1 Bestillcr, lOst, (M'lvor).. .. .. 2 Huntsman, list. (Corrigan) .. .. .. 3 Other starters : lluby, Ocean, Koolyte, Tantallscr, Sinking Fund, Uraltati, Whalebone, Louis, Towulcy, Sultan. Betting , o to 2 v. each Huntsman nud Ocean, 7 to 1 v. Bonnie laid, 10 to 1 v. sinking Fund, 100 to ti v. Towulev, Whalebone led over the first fence, followed by Huntsman, Ocean aud Ho ,uie Lad. Along the side Sultan went to the head of affairs, but relinquished his position iu favor of Sinking Fund on entering the straight. Sultan hit the first hurdle In tfie straight very hard, but was ably recovered. Past the stand the order was, Sinking Fund. Thornley, Koolyte, Orattan, Sultan and Ocean. At the hurdle at the end of the stand ICuolvte. came down heavily. Sultan momentarily went to the front at the turn, but was quickly replaced by Sinking Fund, who had a good lead uloug the side, his immediate followers being Townley,. 0 rattan, Bonny Lad, Ocean uud Ruby. Whalebone, who had been fast from tiie 'start, now Improved hi position slightly. Rental at the back Sultan came again and was iu l'rout at the back turn where Ocean, who was well up, fell. .Soaring the hist jump Bonnie Lid, who had deprived Sultan of the lead, was followed over that obstacle by Huntsman, after whom came Sultan and Distiller. The last named horse came with a very game rush at the iluisk, and was only beaten by Bonnie bad by a nock, Huntsman third throe lengths away, and then came Sultan, Louis, Kubv, Whalebone aud Uruttau, Time, >lmlu. 13.SCC. sr.M.INd RACE. Caba, by fJetnniadl Vergy— Peer mare, 7st. 13ib. (.O'Brien) .. .. .. .. .. 1 MabeUJruy, 7st. 1Mb. (Retire) .. .. .. 2 Meleagrida, 7at. 'Jib. ( Power) .. .. .. Jl Other starters : IJddington, Isabel and Meerschaum. Betting; G to 1 v. .Mabel tSray, 7 to ! v. Cuba. Isabel was tlrstaway, out was soon caught by Mabel Gray, who led into the straight, followed by Cuba. Iu a good race home Cuba beat the favorite b.v three- quarier.s of a length; Meleagrida was third, four lengths behind, and then came Meerschaum, Isabel and IJddington. Time, lmlu. The wluner was bought iu for L'-ll). ORAM) NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. Clame, by Panic— iidith, 12st. 121b. (Corrigan) .. 1 Contingent, list. 71b. (Allen) .. 2 Terang, lust. -lib. (Carey) .. .. ..3 Other starters: Lady Ashtou, Native, Irishman, WieklilVe, Huvcloek. Betting : liven on flame. to 1 v. Lady Ashton and WickliiVe, 8 to 1 v. Terang, 10 to 1 v. irishman, 12 to 1 v. Contingent. Game and Irishman wt.ro the first away, but Lad) Ashtou soon went to the head of affairs uud led t the stand, followed by Native, Game, Terang. with Cout.ugcut whipper-in. Round the turn. Li ly Ashtou increased her lead, and had fully six lengths advantage at the back, her nearest fol lowers being Native, Terang and WieklilVe. llave- lock hud previously baulked at the jump on the hill, and was out o! the race. I aulv Ashtou continued to load, and had a slight advantage of WieklilVe cutciing the straight the second time. WieklilVe was first past the stand, followed by Duly AMiton, Native urn! irishman. Right in front of the stand Native struck liard but was splendidly recovered by Ferguson. At the fence on t»u; hill 'Terang came down and Native followed suit. At the next obstacle Luly Ashtou, who was close up to WieklstVe. swerved and luU a lot of ground. At the back lti-h- man was at. the head of affairs, Contingent being next, followed by v.ame, WieklilVe and l.i.ly Ashtou. Near- iug the far turn Lady .\\-l>lo:i fell and Contingent drew away from Irishman. At the mud wall Irish man struck heavily and unshipped his rider, WickliiTo also failing over the same oti-uaclo. This left Con tingent and Game to fight it out by themselves, and the favorite gradually overhauled the light weight and won by three and a half length-. Terang placed third, 140 lengths uwuy, ami was followed by J.mly Ashtou, both having been fmountod. 'Time, fimiu. Jijsec. BALACLAVA STAR IS. Pocahontas, by Hi. Alb..u.-, i»-i. Oib. (Uorry) ,, 1 Q:t ut in Matseps. 8st (Power) .. .. ., 2 Hoti-v Bee, Ust. HI lb. ( Turn. in) .. .. .. 3 Other starters : CUueks:er, Ghost, Gardenia. Cuine- rino. .Straight Hhot. Burgrouuy, Murunuy, Preston, Lmdo, St. Paul, Kmiueth, Western, Black Diumuud, Hogmanay, Mia Mm, Maori Chief, Midstream, St. Jamie, Protector, Lord Huuou, Kx Premier, Betting : 5 to 1 v. the winner, 0 to 1 v. Gardenia, 7 to ) v. Straight Shut and Hogmanay, 8 to I v. Quintin Matsep#, IU to 1 v. Muruuoy uud Honey Bee. Camerine was first away and led for a short dis tance, when Gardenia headed her. At tiie far turn lloiiey Bei! shot to the front, ami at the mud wall was followed by Maroucy ai;d Pocahontas Honey Bee entered tho straight with u slight advantage of l'oeahoutiis, Qn iiit in Matseps being next, and these three, fought out the race, Pocahontas wiuulng:hy a neck from Volutin Matsejis, Honey Bee being third, three leugtiis behind, and then came St, Louie, Came rine. Black Diamond, .Maroucy ami Htruight .Shut, with Lord Sutton bust. Time, Imin. 3,1.sce. .Several jockeys wore punished for dis obedience to the starter's orders. .Sanders was Unqualified for two month-, Tomliu for one mouth and Council for two weeks. 