MY FRIEND THE MAJOR. TaE first time I met the major I knocked him down. It was in the lobby at Wallack's, last winter dur ing the:run of that interesting drama, the- name of which you must re member, as I do not. After the first act I stepped out to get somen fresh air and beer, and returning very hurriedly I ran full tilt against the major. By a blessed dispensation there happened to be a fat man handy to whom I clung and saved a fall, but the other was not so fortunate and madd a pretty figure on the carpet. When he arose, with my assistance, he breathed vengenee. ' By heavei, sir," he exclaimed in a pre ternaturally deep voice, "you have insulted me, sir !" " Quite an accident," I' lhastened to say. "'I beg your pardon-I hopo you are not hurt-" ', " Not.tatall," said he, immediate.. ly recovering, and then wexcohang ed cards. Oa minine hl read " Ed-., ward Percy" anid on his I managed; to decpltier " Major Aithhr l eDer mott." { . "Major," I exolaimned enthusias tically, for Il?ve men'bf'e a, having a cousin Hof mYy owhn ~in the "-New York Seventhi'" again-I rmust beg your pardoni-will youiname' your. own penliarf ?"r r ::.;.: ;':Nedi" lie replied :with the. frailkiicss I 'founid alwdiy ch racter-`t izedhiitn, ".'I will I ivo 'we your hand !" : . We marched i togethber, and as were; smiling 'togother I took the major in. He was tall and. spare, withieadaverous faced gracod,, with a thin'fi niose;twinkling eyes and a Sthree-inch scar on his left cheek, which shone forth very prominent en this beiairdloss' face:l IHis attire. was semiimilitary, althougli seedy; ' a rusty cloak, i 'aslouch hat adorned with faded gold braid, l'rince Albert coat and very .tight trousers. tWihenweo returned tothoe theatre we were bIosodil Yfrieuds, and I thought I should;-never-regret the meeting, but I did. In this wise : You must knowv that Jennio and I- JennieitHleathcote, aged, eighteen,: pretty, 'of course, daughter of Hiram Heathpote, lard, oil, tallow, etc., and wortlh ?illi6?--were in love. It was purioly. l?;voW on both side, and if it had not' been" for 'Hiram, who must have had a heart of :flint, in stead of flesh,' it is dollars to cents thatI :would .to-day be a happy man'.. and this 'story unwritten. Strange to say Hiram wouldn't have it at, all,: had no faith in my abilities as a.lawyer, didn't believe 'I would ever ili'mb to the top of a tree,' and the? long and the short :of" it is, I was forbidden.the house. . Of:. course that did not cool .:our lovc'a ::-particle," -'nd; we met' by, cha?i??iand othlirwiseoand made eachl other happy and miserable 'in about' equal proportions. - We =.exchanged the usual vows and tokens, and .if there wasanything settled it.was that IVwould'wait'a numbier 'f long years for Jennie and'-she for me. In this way the winter,rolliaway and tei isummer' came and "Jennie went to the seashore, ,while I per pired over poorly liaid' e'ses sind made out deeds and mortgages when I could get- th'et ii16'tSo'make out. Wnliei Jennie returned it was two weeks'befor"I had a chanidce to see her, andth-enonly'for a brief moment' in the post office,' and'as another week passed I was desperate. Of course we coorresponded, but finally she wrote me that: she couldh.not go to the :post oficee so frequently, and intimated that: our correspondence should cease for a time. mildly. -Was this to be the end of all ? It could not be that Jeiriie was growing cold. Never ! I 'saw it all. I saw the flinty Hiram stand. ing over his daughter-with idiioral club and warning her of the peniii less lawyer. I.saw my course. I woul?iite hit r isuch iiiletter: And I did. ,advipr us , It covered eight.piges of ::arge cap, "and F never before or -since, drew up afbrief\with suchi bare [and choice of words, and then--then-I met tli ajor and.' thiis i hio' he undid me. - s. Swts iJthso billiird rooiuo th6 .Astor h~Iouse when the major over. ihauled mo., " Good heavens I" he said in my oar, " you're the image of the ghost himself. ? What's on your mind, me boy? Have you been scooped on the Brighton track. "' No,"' I replied briefly.' " I have," said the major, with al sigh ; " but no matter.. Yoii're down in the mouth about soimething. I What is it ?": • . : - ?? >: ,. With asudden burst of of confi dence I drew my friend the major into a corner and confided to him. I found him vastly sympathetic, and in return he confided to me a great many love passages of his own, in which it appeared that he had been treated basely in every instance, but his heart had recovered from the shock after all and here he was, ready to help me in every way. " Lean on me," he said knowing ly. " I'm an old hand in this work: Shall I seethe old gentleman and give ye a puff ?" 'f Heaven forbid,!' : I' cried. " Why, major, he would give you a puff in return that would andiihilate you. - " Can I see the girl;: then ?" t' The Girl."7: SThen : young :lady, I mean. Trust me, I'll do it. That's my bussiness, me boy,, if I have any. hadvoe at' this 'indentical moment a comminission forJenkiiis, the big horse .man:.. You know 'him ? It's from Pat Hobbs. You know him? Well; no matter, but it's a mighty impor rtant matter, d'ye mind? Haive yon a token for her ?" '" :h'bave a letter for her," said I, "and 'major, dear major, if I could depend on-if Iwere sure of your discretion- " " I, have ,the,:discretion of six ordinary men," said the major. " Ii. I wero sure of: that-well; hero's the, letter, if you-can~manage Io givo' it: to her. I'm a poor man, major, but meet me -hero in two hours and '11 haveesoinething for you. By the way of answer the major placed hisi forefiinger' on his nose, gave his cloak a military swing and his hat an extra tilt over his eyes and marched away. · The clock 'could not have been niore"priinpt to the hour than I was, and there was 'the major, with his hat pulled down ''still .'frther, 'aid' holding his cloak tightly, around him; 'and I 'accosted hini he beckon ed me mysteriously into the wash room. " Well," said I, impatiently, _" what lnack." He pushed up his hat and disclos ed 'his nose,; which; had' suddenly grown very fat' aiid was highly, in flatibd, :while'liis uipper lip was an inch an a 'half thick at least. While I looked on in.wonder ho opeied, his cloak, and revolving before me disclosed his coat slit up the back to the collar band. " 1Me boy,'? ho said in a thick and mournful' tone, '" Tye see before ye a' total wreck, I',n dawmaged 'in my person, my' clothing and my sense of honour." "!You saw her ?" :Texolaimed. " ,; id-a nd theold? gentloeman too." . .. " Al "' SI' "gaiined: admittance. to ':',the young lady without" alaytoiibl~,it' 'all, and !il gave heri' :youri.lett'er. :Just as she finished reading your letter, 'the 'old inmn camie iti anid'can you guess what she did. ?" : " Fainted." .. " Devil a faint ! Threw the'letter on the floor andl called on her father to fire om? ' out.." " And he did ?"' " He did !: Look at me again !1.?, and he-'evolved 'before "iie. " Then=1 atiddenly becoming angry he cried :; ",What recompense am? I tot' have for this treatment, sir ? I shal.hald: you persoinl re-" : -" You wretched man I' struck by a sudden thought, " ar'eyolu sure you have not made a mistake ?' Areo you sure you delivered my 1ltter ?" " Sure !" cried "'ithe major. "Sure ! Why, my; boy ~-- here ", the, n~,la thr Innttnr?. mnornfil powers ' Hle saw it all and so did I. --My letter was in his hand and the letter he had delivered ? " Miserable rascal ." .Ic roared, "what have your done. I'll be the death of you for this '" i But he was too quick for me and TIgrasped the air as he fled downitho ~corridor. I was spurred to. deperation a and mane a mad dash for Jeniie's home, ' around which I lurked for hours, in hopes of seeing her. Perhaps -you wonder Nhy I did not, boldly enter the house. But you :do not know IlHiram. But all in vain were my vigils, and I passed to my sleeplessoouch' unsatisfied and racked with perplex ity. But 9A.M. the postman relieved my doubt. He' left a letter-from Joenie--and I toro it l open like a flash, Out fell a -little king, a little; looket,.and a 'litle note. : :':: M Mi. Pnuno," it said, "I rotuirn your presents, together with, your insulting letter. . JENNIE HIEATHCICTE." My. insulting letter ! Giilod gracious ! Ha ! Another enclosure ! Mr D.EAT JEN-I ani sick of this shilly-shallying, and unless we have an interview to- morrow the match is off. Business is business, and if you are' rich you can't monkey with m'e for ever. I have other chances equallyas good. Send an answer yes orio with the bearer. Yours truly.''" P. H. Pat"Hobbs-the infamous Pat his letter to Jenkins ! LI felt :then and I feel now that I can never explain it to her satisfao tion. particularly since she has gone to Europe. And the major ? He heard' that I was looking for him and they say he has gone to California. 