A Victorian Critic. Mr. Mortimer Franklyn has contributed to the Victorian Review, of which periodical he is the editor, an article on the political sitnation of New South Wale3. 'Whatever other people may think of that performance, his own estimate of it is evidently no small one, for he has republished it in a separate form. He poses as a philosophic student of history, and professes to shed the light of 'old experience ' on the immediate subject which he discusses. It is no* necessary to peruse much of his disquisition in. order to perceive that hie qualifications for the office he so confi dently assumes are not exactly such as could be desired. One of the earliest discoveries likely to be made by his readers is that he has a fondness for using big words, and that he is not very parti cular whether he uses them correctly or not. The opening portion of the article is indeed couched in a style so pompous and inflated as to border closely on burlesque. Till apprised by the con text that Mr. Fxanklyhlsin sober earnest, one might be exensed for rmagining ? that the editor of the Victorian Bevxbw was iarying his hand at a, parody somewhat after the fashion, of that with which the authors of 'The Bejected Addresses ' credited the ghost of Dr. Johnson. JPoD.owing the oracular announce ment that 'human -experience is invariably per Jdexine and often (jontradictory/' but tiiat «it % n-everdestitnteof interest/'Mr. FranMynexclaimi, 'Sometimes it transports bs to the domain of optuoista, while at others it predpitateB tis to the xkoair regions, of peuuaiiak afiAHbuca aminiw?. vals of doubt during which we drift on fee wave of indecision into the half- shadow or penumbra! zone.' After this fine metaphorical 'enrst, he temporarily subsides into commonplace language. Bat the trip to the 'penumbral zone' is speedily capped by the picture of a traveller whom we are .permitted to contemplate 'while 'he transmutes vicissitudes into pyehologicul studies/' whatever sort of process that may be. A string' of platitudes, wrapped in verbiage more or less unmeaning, winds up with a reference to Mac auley. It is the fashion now-a-days to -throw stones at Macauley, and so Mr. Franklyn ttx- must have his fling. But he aims at random ancl occasionally altogether wildly, and merely succeeds in demon strating very plainly his own confused ideas its to where Macaulay is vulnerable, and where he is not. With respect, at any rate, to two of the great essayist's productions, Mr. Franklyn manages to prove that he just knows enough to mislead those who happen to know nothing. : To persons who have read the essays on John Banyan and MachiaveUi, it will certainly be something new to learn that Miacauley pronounced the author of the ' Pilgrim's Progress' to have been the 'literary mouthpiece of a divinity.', and the famous Italian ' the Prince of Darkness personified.' Both statements are curious per versions of what Macaulay actually did write respecting those celebrated men. These blunders, though comparatively trifling in themselves, are yet worth noting, because they serve tc indicate Mr. Franklyn's tendency to generalise and dogma tise from half facts or even wholly erroneous data in bringing his historical researches, such as they are, to bear upon the present state of parties w New South Wales, true to his preliminary note, his sound is consistently in exaggerated proportion to his sense. From beginning to end, there is not a single striking observation to be found, though in the absence of the latter there is plenty of pretentious paradox. Where his parallels and. analogies happen to be right, the triteness and insignificance of the facts whica he proclaims with such flourish of trumpets reminds one of the story of that vendor of figs who cried his wares in the name of the Prophet. Mr. Franklyn has arrived at the profoundly original conclusion that political progress in New South Wales is being retarded through the rival ambition of party leaders. But it has hap pily occurred to him that a similar difiiculty has repeatedly arisen in the British Parliament, that the remedy 'for it has been a coalition Go vernment, and that a like remedy could be adopted in this colony. It would seem that he labors under the delusion that there is something novel in these ideas. He has taken the trouble to weigh the respective claims of our chief politicians and decide which should make up their old quarrels, and pull together in the front, and which should be content to mingle with the ruck. Sir John Bobertson he puts aside as a used up veteran and, after glancing at some other possible leaders, finally fixes his attention on Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Abbott, and Mr. Dibbs, as the only trio that can save the country. When. Peel declared for the repeal of the corn laws he was twitted by Disraeli with having adopted what the latter contemptuously described a* -c Popkins's plan.' At least the humor of the sarcasm loses none of its salt by application to FranMyn's plan. The prospects of Australian meat exporters are by no means so gloomy as they appeared a few months ago, when the American meat supply seemed not only destined to monopolise the British market in the present, but also in the future. In England beef is generally preferred to mutton, and where the former can be obtained plentifully and cheaply, the latter has compara tively little chance. Hence the slowness with which shipments of Australian mutton found pur chasers, while cargos of American beef were readily sold while yet afloat. But, if cer tain statements made at the recent meet ing of the Cattle Growers' Association, at Chicago, are to be relied upon, Australian pastoralists have less to fear from American com petition than has hitherto been anticipated. At that gathering Mr. Colman, Commissioner of the Agricultural Bureau of the United States, dis cussing the decline of the beef supply of North America, showed that in 1830, when the first accurate statistics in regard to cattle raising were taken, the United States had a population of 23,191,876, and 11,778,907 head of cattle, or 766 cattle to each 1000 inhabitants. In -I860 there were 814 head of cattle to each 1000 of population ; but in 18S0 only 716. The home consumption of beef in the United States increases faster than the sources of supply. During1 the period from 1860 to 1880, 'there was a prodigious in crease in the herds, owing to the development of cattle-growing in the grazing districts of the wes tern plains. Grazing sections in the far west are now pretty well stocked from the Kio Grande to the Canadian line, and it is found that, when the herds are increased, and the grass is eaten too close, it fails to seed; and becomes unproductive, supporting thereafter fewer cattle. The best dis tricts are all taken up, and the cattle on them cannot he materially increased.' From this and numerous other facts, Mr. Colman concludes that cattle-growing west of the Mississippi cannot be increased in the next decade, as it has been in the last, as population in the United States is increasing more rapidly than the beef supply. More than this, Mr. Colman expresses his conviction that many years will not elapse before America will be unable to spare beef for export to the United Kingdom. If such is the case Australian pastoralists will have every reason for rejoicing, for it shows the possibilities of the future. True, they may have to con tend with South American wool exports, but not of mutton ; and in view of the fact that already the United Kingdom can only produce one-tenth of the meat supply required by its population, while Australia can consume but a comparatively small portion of the meat annually raised in the pastoral districts, it is not unlikely that the anticipations of those who have predicted a brilliant future for the Austra lian export meat trade may yet become realised. At any rate, there is every reason why those interested in it should feel encouraged rather than disheartened. As will he seen from onr cable messages to day, the important appeal in the case of Taylor v. Barton was argued before the Privy Council on Saturday. On the question of the validity of the standing orders of the House of Commons as applicable to the local Assembly, the Privy Council is against the appellant; but it reserves judgment upon the question of the inherent right of the Assembly to suspend a member. This, as it seems to us, is the real point at issue, and it is the one relied, -upon by the Speaker in 'the first of- his pleas. That plea maintains the sole right of the Assembly to conduct its business and protect itself from obstruction; and it will be an ex traordinary thing if the highest Court of law within the realm undertakes, as the local Court did, to prescribe limits to the power of the Assembly in the management of its own in ternal affairs. It will be remembered that the Full Court here decided that, while the Assembly had power to suspend a member for a single sitting, and to expel *'*n altogether, it had not power to take the intermediate course of suspending a member for a week, as was done with Mr. Taylor. It might reasonably be sup posed that the greater power includes the less, but this is not so according to the ruling of the Full Court of this colony. The judgment of the Privy Council will now be awaited with consider able interest. In England and elsewhere the continued suc cess of the Boarding-out system in New South Wales is being regarded with considerable in terest hy those engaged in the work of repressing the future development of juvenile vice ana crime, and it is generally admitted that in this respect the elder Australian colony is in advance of the mother country. Such at any rate is the expressed opinion of the Eev. J. W. Horeley, who, as chaplain of Clerkenwell Prison, one of the largest in the United. Kingdom, may be regarded as having some practical knowledge' of the question. Ho declares that the recently published report of the New South Wales State Children's Relief Department shows that in Australia measures tarra passed into a vigorous youth, which in Engl&nd; aise siM struggling to overcome *;hp -^^^'Mttiing fvnri . . ? . . - .--?? — ?,? . crippling1 diseases of official red tape and depart anentalism. Other, utterances to a similar meet have been made, and the president and members of the hoard must feel en couraged by the warm and appreciative manner in which their labors are regarded by those most qualified to form an estimate of their real value. In the continued progress of the boarding-out system in this colony will he found the most effectual means of resisting the insidious development in our midgt of that ?demoralising spirit of dependence on others which lies at the root of British pauperism, and has found ominous expression in the recent Socialist manifestations in England. Judged by the results, no expenditure on the part of the State has been more wise or economical th-m that incurred in connection with the establishment and maintenance of our boarding-out system. 