Thirst for Gold C - A Thrilling Story of To-elay. "' T VrjTER XLV1I. — (Continued.) .i. one met with a terrible accident.' A . . ' She was struck by an unfortunate man : he was . ot in- bis right mind.' 'Struck? My Bister struck. What, was there no man by ?' ' No. Edward nearly killed him afterwards.' God bless him.' ' Alfred, be patieat. It was too late.' 1 What, is she hurt seriously ? Is she disfigured ?' 'No, Alfred,' said Julia, solemnly : she is hot dis figured : oh far from that.' ' Julia, you alarm me. This comes from shutting her brother up. May Heaven's eternal curse light on those who did it. My poor little sister ! How yon weep, Julia. My heart is lead. ' I weep for you, darling, not for her.' ' Ah, that is how they talk when those we love are — One word! I shall never s68 my poor little Jenny again ; hall I ?' YeB, Alfred : if yon will but follow her steps ana b> lieye-in Him, who soothed her last hour, aod made her face shine with joy like an angel's while we all wept around ; oh dear, oh dear, be said he had but one true friend in the world. Alas ; it is so.- you have but me no, who pity you and love you more than heart can utter ; my own, my be loved, my bereaved.' What could soften such a shock as this ? It fell, and his anguish was frightful, all the more so that he ascribed the oalamity to his imprisonment, and mingled curses and threats of vengeance with his bursts of grier. He spurned the consolations of re ligion : h? said heaven was as unjust as earth, as cruel as hell. She cried out and stopped his mouth with her hand : she almost forced him to kueel beside her, and prayed aloud for him : and when at last bis agony found vent in tears, she put her innocent arms round his neck and wept with him. Every now and then the pjor fellow would almost shriek with remorse. 'Ob, if I had tnly been kinder to her if I had but been kinder to her !' ' YwU were kind to htr,' said Julia, softly but firmly. ' No, no ; I was always sneering at her. And why ? I knew her religion was sincere : hut my little mind fixed on a few phrases she had picked up from others, and I — ' He could say no more, but groaned with anguish. And let his remorse be a caution to us all. Bereaved we all must be, who live ou a id on : but this, bereavement's bitterest drop, Any avoid. 'Af cdL said Julia, 'do not torment yourself. We gin card ittle about a few sarcasms ; it is the cold hear j that wounds ns. You loved Jane, and she knew it well, and joyed in it You were kinder to her than yon think, and so her dying thoughts were for you. It was for you she asked, and made your father send for you, and poor I hoped you would come. And, dearest, her last act was t- write a few wordB 10 you, and trust them to her who she knew loved you better than heart can utter. Since it was her last wi h, let us try and read them together, the last words of a saint (1 have never seen them), and, if they do not prove words of love, then 1 will let you fcbink you were not a good brother to her, you and I, aod poor, poor Kdward, have lost.' He made a sad sign of assen and Julia rose and got the enclosure. But, as Jane's last-written words reappeared ou the scene in a somewhat re markable way, 1 will only say here, ibat both these poor young things tried in vain lo read them, a/id both in turn burst out sobbing, so tbat they could not : so they held the paper, ana tried to see the words out of ti eir streaming ejes. And these, two mourners had the room to tbemrelves till midnight ; for tveu Alia JDodd's hostility respected Alfred tnen and as for Julia, she was one of those who rise with the occasion : sbe was half wile, baif angel from Heaven to her bereaved lover through all thoBe . bitter hoti.s. CHAPTER XLVHL No life was ever yet a play : I mean, an un- ' broken sequence oi dramatic incidents. Calms will come; unfortunately for tie tenders, happily for the reed. And remember setiiy objected to n'oTelit ts, by a voung gentleman j'-st putting hie foot toi the first time into ' cri icism,' that .the write, s aforesaid suppress the tmaii intermediate matters wnich in real iiie come by the score between each biilhant event : and so present the ordinary and the txtraoidinary parts of life in false propor tions. Now, if this remark had been offered by way of contrast between events themselves and all moral attempts to repioduce them upon paper o> the stage, it womd have been philosophical ; but it waa a strange error to denounce the practice as dis-. tinctive ot fiction : for it happens to be the o. e trait the novelist |>ud dramatist have in common with the evangel. 8 . The gospels skip fifteen years of the most infcercsiieglite Crea ion has witnessed . - they relate Chr.sL's birth in full, but hurry from, his boyhood to the more stirring events of his thirtieth and subsequent years. And all the in- g jired histories do much the san e tbiug, The truth that epics, dramas, novelB, hiBiorits, chronicles reports of trials at law, in a word, all narratives true or fictitious, except those which, true or fic titious, nobody reads, abridge the uninteresting facts as Nature never did, an dwell as Nature never did on the interesting ones. Can nothing, however, be d-ine to restore, in th reader's judgment, that just balance of 'the sensa tional' and the 'sponfic,' which all writers, that have readers, disturb ? .Nothing, I think, without his own assistance. But surely something with it. And, therefore, I throw myself on the intelligence of my readers; ana ask them to realize, that henceforth pages are no strict measure of time, and that to a year Dig with strange events, on wbi-h I have therefore ailated in this story, succeeded a year in which few brilliant things happened to the personages of this tale: in short, a year lo te skimmed by chronicler or novelist, and yet (mina youj a year of three hundred and sixty -five days six . m Aw onrl nno in X, _ t_ I 1 uuui sj ui tuwtuutfuiB, «au wuv iu wnico toe qu et, unobtrusive troubles of our friends' hearts, especially the female hearts, their douots, divisions, disiresaes, did hot remit, far from it. Now this year I pro pose to divide into topics, and go by logical, rather than natural, sequence of events. y- THB LOVEBS. .Alfred came every day to see Julia, and Mrs 'Dodd invariably left the room at his knook. At last Julia proposed to Alfred not to come to . the house f or the present; but to accompany her . ou her rounds as district visitor. To see aod soothe the bitter calamities of the poor had done her own 0 ' heart good in its worst distress, and she desired to apply the seme medicine to her beloved, who needed -it: that was one thing : and then another was, tbat 1 . she found her own anger rising when her mother left the room at that beloved knock : and to be angry with her poor widowed mother was a sin. ' She is as unfortunate as I am happy,' thought Julia : ' I have got mine back.' Alfred assented to this arrangement with rather an ill grace. He misunderstood J ulia, and thought she was sacrificing him to what he called her mother's injustice. This indeed was the interpre tation any ma's would have been pretty sure to put on it. His soreness, however, did not go very far ; because she was so kind and good to him when they were together. He used to escort her back to the , door of- 66 : aDd look imploringly ; but she never asked him in. He thought her bard for this. He did not see the tea-s that flowed for that mute look a# U«a a . . anf f.Via Hnnv or an nlnnor? laavi iVia inroeently restrained for fear the sight of tbem should make him as unhappy as his imploring look made her. Mauvais calcul 1 Sbe should have ciiid right- out. When we men are unhappy, we like our we thea'ts to. be unhappier ; that consoles us. Bit when i bis had gone on nearly a month, and ..po change, A'f-ed lo-t patience: eo he lingered one : ""day at the door to urnke a request. He asked Julia ' ta marry him : and so put an end to this state of things. Marry yoo, c' ild ?' cried Julia, blushing' like a . »£>; with urgrise a'-d plea-ure. ' i.»h, fur sha i r !' After rbt first ' brill, she npp.aled to nis otmdou ib.tber tent M-.cirf not ->« tms-raiiT se'flsh >»f her -o ; a e re noor >o th-r in her prm.nl. distre-sed i-o' ditiori. Ah, A-fi«d, so pale, so spiritless, and in- on -la" I ! Mv poor poor mother!' y u ill b»ve to d.-cide Detween us two on d ej.> j' Heaven forbid !' said Julia, turning pale at the veiry idea. But he replied doggedly that it must ome to thst, sooner or later. Then he reminded r tier of her folemn engagement, nd put it. to her whether it ma a moral proceeding to her to go back ' from her plighted troth ? What had he done to to. justify ner iu drawing back from her word ? ' I ad mil.,' said he, 'that I have suffered plenty of wrong for your sake : but what have I done wrong ?' Undeterred by the fear of immorality, the mono tonous girl had but one reply to his multiform reasons : ' This is no time for me to abandon my poor mother.' ' Ah, it is her you love : you don't care for me,' said Alfred. Don't I, dear Alfred ?' murmured Julia. 'Forgive me! I'm a ruffian, a wretch !' 'You are my Alfred. But oh, have a little patience, dear.' ' A little patience ? I have the patience of Joh. Bub even his went at last.' I ought to have said they were in tha passage now. The encroachiog youth had gaioed by agi tating her eo at the door that shd had to ask him. in to hide her own blushes from the public. She now gently reminded him how much happier they were than they had been for months. ' Dear me,' said she, ' I am almost happy : happier than I oaght to be; could be quite so, but tbat I Bee you discon tented.' ' Ah, you have so many about you that you love : I have only you.' ' And that is true, my poor Alfred.' . This softened him a little;, and then she inter wove her fingers together, -and . so put both palms softly on his shoulder (you never saw a- male do that, and never will), and implored him to be patieat, to be enerous. ' Oh,' said she, .' if you knew the dis tress it gives me to refuse you anything on earth, you would be generous, aod not press me wben my heart says "Yes" but my lips must say "No." ' This melted him altogether, and he said he would not torment her any more. But he went sway discontented with himself for having yielded : my lord did not call it 'yielding,' but ' being defeated.' And as he was not only very deep in love, but by nature combative, be took a lodging opposite No. 69, and made hot love to her, »s hot as if the attachment was just forming. Her mother could not go > ut but he was at the door directly : she could not go out but he was at her heels. This p!e:-sed her at first and thrilled her with the sense of sweet and h it pursuit : but by- aud-by, situated as she was between him and her mother, it worried her a little at times, and made her nervous. She spoke a little sharply to him now and then. And that was new. It came from the nerves, not the heart. At last she advised him ito go back to Oxford. ' I shall be the ruin of your imiod if we go on like this,' said she sadly. ' What, leave the field to my rivals ? No, thank you.' ' What rivals, sir ? asked Julia, drawing up. ' Your mother, your brother, your curates that . would come buzzing the moment I left ; your sick people who bask on your smiles and your sweet voice till I envy them : Sarah, whom you permit to brush your lovely hair, the piano you play on, the air you deign to breathe and brighten, everybody and everything that is near you ; they are all my rivals ; and shall I resign you to them, and leave myself desolate ? I'm not such a fool.' She smiled, and could not help feeling it we sweet to be pestered. So she said with matronly dignity, and the old Julian consistency, ' You ar>- foolish, impetu us boy. You are the plague of mv life : and —the sun of my existence." That passed off charmingly. But presently his evil genius prompted Alfred to endeavour to soften Mrs. Dodd by letter, and induce her to qonseot to his marriag- witv his daughter. He received her answer at breakfast-time. It was wonderfully polite and cold ; Mrs. Dodd feigned un mixed surprise at the proposal, and said that insanity b-ing unfortunately in her own family, and th? suspicion of insanity resting on himself, such a union was not to be thought of ; and therefore, notwith standing her respect for his many good qualifier, she must decline with thanks the honour h8 offered her. She inserted a poisoned sting by way of post- oript. "When you succeed in pablicly removing the impression your own relations share with me and when my husband owes his restoration to you, in- tead of bis deatrnction, of course you will reaeiv a very different answer to your proposal — should you then think it oonBistent with your dignity to renew it." As hostile tsBtators used to leave the disinherited one shilling, not out of a shilling's worth of kindly feeling, bnt that he might not be able to say hi name was omitted through inadvertency, so Mrs Dodd inserted this postcript merely to clench the nail and tantalise her enemy. It was a masterpiece of feminine spite. She would have been thunderstruck could she have seen how Alfred received her missive. To be sure he Bat in a cold stupor of dejection for a good half-hour ; but at the end of that time he lifted up his bead, and said quietly, "So be it. I'll get the trial over, and my sanity established, as soon as possible : and then I'll hire a yacht and hunt her husband till I find him." , Having settled this little plan he looked out for Julia, whose sympathy be felt in need of after such n stern blow. "Ah mamma." said poor Julia, "you don't love me as yon did once. Poor Alfred 1" Mrs. Dodd sighed at this reproach, but said sbe did not deserve it. No mother in her senses would consent to such a match. Julia bowed her head submissively and went to her duties. But when Alfred came to ber open- mouthed to complain of her mother's crrel'-y, she stopped him at once, and asked him ho w he could go and write that foolish, unreasonable letter! Why had he not consulted her first ? " You have sub jected yourself to a rebuff," she said angrily, " and one from which I should have saved, yoo. Is it- nothing that mamma out of pity to me connives at our meeting and spending hours together ? Do you think she does no violence to her own wishes here ? and is she to meet with no return P" "What, are you against me too?" said poor Alfred. " No it is you who are our enemy with your unreasonable impatience." " I am not ao cold-blooded as you are certainly." " Humility and penitence would become you better than to retort on me ; I love you both, and praT God ou my knees to show me how to do my duty to both." " That is it : you are not sinple-hearted like ne. Yon want to please all the world, and reconcile the irreconcilable. Tt won't do ; yon will have to choose between your mother and me at- last." "Then of course I should choose my mother." Why?" "Beoause she claims my dutv as well as my love ; because ehe is bowed down with sorrow, and needs her daughter just now more than you do ; besides, you are my othsr self, and we must deny our selves." " We have no mora right to be unjust to ourselves than to anybody else ; injustice is injustice." "Alfred, you area high-minded Hea'han, and talk Morality. Morality is a snare. What I prav to be is a Christian, as your dear sister was, and to deny myself ; and vou make it oh so difficult." "Alfred," said Julia with dignity, "these words are harsh, and forgive me for saying so — they are coarse. Such words would separate as two, without my mother, if I were to hear many of them ; for they take the bloom off affection, and that mutua1 reverence, without which no gentleman and lady could be bles«ed in holy wedlock." Alfred was staggered' and mortified too : they wanted on m suence now. ' Afred," said Juiia at last, "do not think m behind you in affec'ion, but wiser, for once, and on best friend. I do think we had belter see less of one another for a lime my poor Alfred." " And why for a time P why not for ever ? ' " If vour heart draws no distinction, why not indeed ?" " So be it then ; for I will be no woman's slave There's my band, Julia : let ue part, friends." " Thank you for that, dear Alfred : may you find dime ore who can love yon more — than I do." The words choked her But he w-,s mronger b - !«.i.se he was in a pasiion. H reor '-a herf he bitterly. " If I had been an wrak tort inconstant a vou are, I might have been out of Dr -yi >n Hou 1 -ng bef >re T did escape. But I was faitaful to hi one loV". I have a >me right to sing Aileen yo" have none. You are an angel of beauty ae goodness ; you will go to Heaven, and I shall go to t he devil for want of you: but then you have no constancy nor true fidelity ; so that has parted us, and now nothing is left but mo but to try and hale you.' 'He turned furiously on his heel, 'God bless you, go where you will,' faltered Julia. He replied with a fierce ejaculation of despair and dashed away. Thus temper and misunderstanding triumphed, atter eo many strange and bitter trials had failed. ' But alas ! it is often so. CHAPTER XLIX. Both the parted lovers were wretched. Julia never complainep, but drooped, and read the psalms, and Edward detected her in tears over them. He questioned her, and obtained a lama account ; she being far more bent on screen Alfred than on. telling the truth. ; Edward called on the other ; and found him dis consolate, and reading a Heathen philosopher for comfort, and finding none. Edward questioned him, and he was reserved and even sulky. Sir mpertur- bable persisted quietly, and he eiploded, and out came his wronger 'Edward replied that he was a pretty fellow : yranted it all his own way. 'Suppose ;«ay mother,! with her. present' feelings, was to take a leaf out of your book, and use all her power ; where would you be then ? Come, old fellow, I know what love is, and one of us ehall have the girl he loves, unless any harm should come to my poor father owing to your blunder — oh, that would put it out. of the question, I feel — but let ue hope better. I . pulled you out of the fire, and somehow I seem to; like you better than ever after that ; let me pull you. out of this mess too.' "Pull awav." cried the imnef.nous vouth. 'I'll trust you with my life : ay, with more than my life, with miy love ; for you are the man for me : reason iB always uppermost with yon : Give me the man that is not passion's slave And I will wear him in my heart'B core, ay — ' 'Oh bother th.fc. If you are in earnest, don't mouth, but put on your hat aud come over.' He assented ; but in the middle of putting on his coat, made this little observation : 'Now 1 see how wise the ancients were ; yes, friendship is better than love ; calmer, more constant, free from the heats and chills of that impetuous passion ; its pure bosom is ruffled by none ot love's jealousies and irritabilities. Solam e mundo tollunt qui tolluut amicitiam.'" " Oh bother quoting ; come and shake hands with Julia." They went over ; MrB. Dodd was in the City. Edward ushered in Alfred, saying, " Here is the other Impetuosity;" and sagely retired for a few .minutes': wheii he came back they were sitting hand in hand, he gazing on her, she inspecting the carpet. '"That is aL right," said Edward, driiy ; "now the .next thing is, you must go back to Oxford directly, snd read for your first class." The proposal fell like a blight upon the reconciled i lovers. But Edward gave potent reasons. The i delays of law were endless : Alfred's defendant had i already obtained one postponement of the trial on I frivolous grounds. Now the Oxford .examination and Doncaster races corns on at a fixed date, by a Law of Nature, and admit of no " postponement swindle." "You mark my words, yon will get your class before you will get your trial, and it won't hurt you to go into court a first-class man : will it ? And then you won't quarrel by letter, you two ; I know. Come, will you do what I tell you : or is friendship but a name ? eh, Mr. Bombast ?" He ended wit! great though cuiet force : " Come, you two, which is better, to part like the scissors, or part like the thread ?" oimnes are no arguments ; tnac is way mey uju vince people so : Alfred capitulated to the scissor8 %nd thread ; and only asked with abnormal humility to bo allowed to taste the joys of ^concil iation for to day : the third found bim at Oxford ; ie called on the head' of bis college to explain what nad prevented his return to Exeter in the October erm twelve months ago, and asked fbr rooms. Instead of siding with a man'of his; own college so "ruelly injured, the dignitary was alarmed by the bare accusation, and said he must consider: in sanity was a terrible thing. 'So is fal-»e 'accusation, and so is false. imprison ment,' said Hardie bitterly. ; Unquestionab y. But l haTe at pre<ent no, nems of deciding how far those words apply.' In! -hort, he could give no answer ; must consult th'- other officers, and would convey the result by letter. Alfred's pride was deeply mortifi-d, not less by a certain cold repugnant manner than by the words. And there came oyer his hea.-t a sickening feeling that he was now in the eyes of men an intellectual leper. He went to another college directly, and applied to the vice-president ; the vice- president sent him with, a letter to the dean ; the dean looked frightened, and told him hesitatingly; the college was full ; he might put his name down, and perhaps get in next, ear. Alfred retired, and learned from the porter that the college was not full. He sighed deeply, and the sickening feeling grew on hiin ; an ineradicable stigma seemed upon him, and Mrs. Dodd was no worse -than the rest of the world then ; every mother in England would approve her resolution. He wandered about the scenes- of his intellectual triumphs : he stood in the great square of the school, a place ugly to unprejudiced eyes, but withal somowhat grand and inspiring, especially ro'scholars who have fought their keen and bloodless battles there. He looked at the windows and gilt inscriptions of the 8chola Metaphysices, in which he had met the scholars of bis day and. defeated tiem for the Ireland. He wandered into the theatre, and eyed tho rostrum, whence he had not mumbled, but recited, his Latin prize poem with more than odb thunder of aoademic applause: thunder compared with which Drury Line's is a mere cracker. These places were unchanged; but he, sad scholar, wandered nmoDg them as if he ras a ghost, and all 'hesewere stony phantoms of an intellectual past never, never, to return. He telegraphed Sampson and Eiward to furnish him with certificates that he had. never been insane, but the victim of a foul conspiracy ; and when be received them he went with them to . St. Margaret's Hill ; for he had hethought.him that the new prin- cipal was a first-rate man, and had.openely avowed ne would raise that "refuge for the oft-times ploughed" to a piece of learning. — Hardie called, sent iu his card, and was admitted o the principal's study. He was about to explain who he was, when the doctor interrupted him, and told him p ihtely he knew him by reputition. ' Tell me, ratber,' said he, shrewdly, ' to what I owe this application from an undergraduate so.distiuguished as Mr. Hardie ? ' Then Alfred began to qnake, and, instead of re plying, put a hand suddenly before,, his face, arid lost courage for one moment. Gome, Mr. Hardie,' said the principal, ' don't be lisconcerted. A fault regretted is half atoned ; and I am not disposed to be hard on the errors of youth — I mean, where there is merit to balance them.' . . 'Sir,' said Alfred, sadly, ' it is not a fault I have to acknowledge, but a misfortune. ' Tell me all about it,' said Dr. Alder, guardedly. He told it, omitting nothing essential that could touch the heart or excite the ironical hnmonr of an ncidemician. ' Well, " truth is more wonderful than fiction,'." said the doctor. And I conclude the readers of this tale are all of the doctor's opinion, so sweet to the uind is cant-. Alfred offered bis certificates. . Now Dr. Alder had been asking himself in what p-iraBBs he should decline this toung genius, wh - -as sane now, but of course had been mad, only had fiiisanffAn nirP.iiiBJlliflDfifl i hnfc f.hrt fam ntiafvinn t.rt get an Ireland scholar into his Hall sudden y over powered him. The probability that he might get a tir-t-elaes io a lucid interval was too enticing Mottnng venture nothing have. He determined to venture a good deal. ' Mr. Hardie,' said he, 4 this house shall always be open to good morals and good scholarship while 1 p ecide over it, and it shall be open to them all thi mora when tuey come to me dignified, and made tiered, by "unmerited calamity.''' N-)w this fine speed, like Minerva herself, cam. t'r mi the head : Alfred "was aveicofwe'Oy it to u»«ir it »hat i-imn ine d fCWr's o'earit wa- touched, even aegiu to fancy it had originated tbat - no',ti- jreeoo. L w;,s no use doing thing by halves ; 8 ' D . Alder gave AlfieJ a delititful sot of rouuis ; nd .diie ih- ii all plea aat to bint. Hi was reward' «i by a growing conviction that he had made an exum- ent acquisition. Thja opiaion, however, was any- hing but. universal . Btid Alfred, finding the mon of hiB own college suspected his sanity,, and- passed jokes behind his back, hut them all dead, and con fined himself to his little Hall. There thsy petted him, and crowed about him, and betted on bim for 'he schools 39 freely as if he was a colt the Halt was join® to enter for. the Derby. He road hard and jurb'ciouslv, but wjthout his old confidence : he became anxious 'and doubtful ; he had seen so many firot-rate men just miis a first- class. The brilliant creature analysed all his Aris- toteliand treatises, and wrote the synopses clear with marginal references on great pasteboard cards three, fpet by two. and so keep the whole subject before his eye, till he obtained a singular mastery. Same syste- with the historians : nor did he disdain the; use of coloured inks.- Then the brilliant creature drew lists of all the hard words he encountersd in: his-, reading, especially in the common books, and read these lists till mastered. The stake was singularly heavy in his oase, so he guarded every crevice. And at this period he was not so unhappy as he expected. The laborious days went swiftly, and twice a week at least came a letter from Jnlis, Oh how his grave academic room', with oaken panels, did brighten when her letter lay on the table. It was open, and seemed written with sunbeams. No quarrels op paper ! Absence made the heart grow fonder. And Edward came to eee him, and over their wine let out s Feminine trait in Julia. ' When Hurd calls she walks out of the room, just as my poor mother does when you come. That is spite ; since voa are sent away nobody else i3 to profit by it. Where is her Christianity, eh ? and echo answers— Got a cigar, old fellow?' And, after, pufflog in silence, awhile, he said resignedly, ' I am an unnatural monster.' 'Oh, are you? 'said the other, serenely; for he Was also under the benign influence. ' Yes,' said Edward, ' I am your ally, and a mere spy in the camp of those two ladies. I watch all their moves for your sake.' Alfred forgave him. And thus his whole life was changed, and for nearly twelve months (for Dr. Alder let him reside in the Hall through the vaca tion) he puroued the quiet tenor of a student's life, interrupted at times by law ; but that is another topic. Wife aud ho Wife. Mrs. Dodd Wae visibly shaken by that calamity ! >bich made her shrink with horror from tho sight .of Alfred Hardie. In the winter she was so unwell that she gavo up her duf-io3 with Messrs. Cross and Co. Her connexion with them had been creditable To both parties. I believe I forgot to say why. they trusted her so ; well, I must tell it elsewhere. David off her hands, she was independent, ard had lost the mo ive and the heart for severe work. She ;t.old the partners she conld no loDger do them jus- tine, and left them, to their regret. They then ad- ; vissd her to set up as a- milliner, and offered her : credit for goods at cash prices up to two thousand pounds: she thanked them like a Sorrowful queen, and went her way. In the spring she recovered some spirit and health but at midsummer a gre"t aod subtle nvsfortune bsfel her. Her mind was bent on Darid night and day, and used to struggle to evade the laws jf space that bind its grosser companion, ani find her lo«t hisbmd on the sea. She often dreimt of him, but vaguely. But one fatal night she bad a dream as clear as daylight, and sharp, as white pebbles in the sun. She was on a large ship with guns ; she saw men bring a dead t..i or up the side; she saw all their face?, and the dead man's too. It was David. His face was white. A clear voice said he was to be buried in the deep next morning. She sew the deck at her feet, tie breeches of the guns, so "clear" so defined, that, when she awoke, aud found herself in the dark, she thought reality was tho illusion. She told the dream to Julia and Eiward. They tried to encourage her, in vain. rI saw him,' she said, 'I saw him j it was a vision: not a dream : my David is dead. Well, then, f shall not be long be hind him.' — T . Dr. Sampson ridiculed her dream to her race. But to her children he told another storv; ' I am; anxious about her,' he said, 'most anxious; There1 is no mortal ill the distempered brain . may hot cause.: Is it not devilish we can hear nothing of him ? She will fret herself into the grave, 'as' sura a? fate, if; something does not turn -up.'' Her children could nob console her: they tried,- but something hung round 'heir own hearts,; and chilled every effort. In a word, they shared- her. fears. How came she to sea him on boaid a ehio with guns ? In her waking hours sho: . al wsy3 said he was on a merchant ship. Was it not one of those visions, which come to mortals and give them sometimes a peep into Space, and, far more rarelv, a glance into Time ? " , One day in the autumn, Alfred,, being in town, on law business, met what seemed the ghost of Mrs. Dodd in the streets. 8hc saw him not ; her eye was on that ghastly face she had seen in her dreams. It flushed throueh. his mind that she would not live long to part him and Julia. But he discouraged the ungenerous thought ; almo»t forgave her repugnance to himself, and felt it would bo worse than ' useless to ask Julia to leave her mother, who was leaving her visibly. But her horror of him was anything but softened and she used to tell Dr. Sampson she thought the sight of that man would kill her now. Edward himself began to hope Alfred would turn bia affec- tions elsewhere. The house in Pembroke Street was truly the house of mourning now : all thoir calam- . ities wore light compared with this. - The Distbici Visitoe. While Julia was writing letters to keep up Alfred heart, she was very sad herself. Moreover he had left her for Oxford but a very few days, when she received an anonymous letter : her first. It wee writ ten iu a female hand, and couched in friendly and sympathetic terms. . Ihe writer thought it only fair to warn her tbat Mr. Alfred Hardie was passion ately fond of a young lady in the asylum, and had offered her marriage. If Miss Dodd wished to be deceived, let her burn this letter and think no rnoro of it: if not, let her insert this advertisement in the liinei: ' The whole, Truth. — L. D.,' and her corre spondent would communicate particulars by word or writing. Wuat a Darned ana poisoned arrow is to the body, was this letter to Julia's rcind. She sat cold as a stone with this poison in her hand. Then came an impetuous' impulse to send it down to Alfred, and request him to transfer the other lialf of his heart to his lady of tho asylum. Then she paused; aud remembered how much unjust sus picion had been levelled at him already. What right had she to insult him ? Sho would try and keep the letter to herself. As to acting upon it, her good sense speedily suggested it came from the rival in question, real or supposed. ' She wants to make use of me,' said Julia; 'it is plain Alfred does not care much for her ; or why does she come to me?' She put the letter in her desk, and-it rankled in her heart. Hseret lateri lethalis arundo. She trembled at herself ; she felt a savage passion had been touched in her. 3ho prayed day and night against jealousy. But I must now, to justify my heading, ekip some months, and relate a remarkable incident that 'oefel her in the said character. On the first of August in this year, a good Chiislian woman, one of her patients, asked her to call on Mr. Barkington, that lodged above. ' He is a decent body, mies, aud between you and me, I think his complaint is, lie don't get quite enough to eat.' ' Barfeiugton !' eaiu Julia, and put her hand to her bosom. She went and tapped at his door. ' Come in,' said a shnllisti voice. She entered, and found a weazened old man seated, mending his o wn coat. Hn rose, and she told him she srnR n. disfrio! visitor. He said he had heard of her ; they called her the beautiful lady in that court. This was news !oher, and made her blush. She asked leave; te- read a chapter lo hiui, he listened as to some genth- memory of chilnhood. She prescribed him a glass of port wine, and dispensed it on the instant. Thus physicked, her patient became communicative, and chattered on about his native place — but did not name it —and talked about toe p-ople there. Now our district visitor was, if the truth must be told, a cmpuundor. She would. permit her pupils to talk about ynrthly affairs, on c.u.- ition thei W"«W 1'-'; 'to-heavenly ones lietore she .»fii'-. fJo s-V. 1 ".t'r \- 1(1 -uiiu- i un ..un, and In- ioW her lv- i.-aci. -;e-.-u k i-.jii-kv.t's cierk ail nis. .'if-, a«'<d -raved a thousand pounds, aud.i-aiut up to i,o- d.-u to m !;a lib. fifta' e ou i tie stub ' txoimuge ; and there he was some- ileum a ouii, -md m.s i-uae « hour, ant: whiishrve a a was, ceita-n I oxes called brokers aud jobbers gou the -profit and he the loss. ' It's all the same as a gambling-table,' said he. .' Th.e jobbers and brokers iave got the same odds the bsnk has at Rouge ef. Noir, and the little capitalist like me ie doomer beforehand.' Then he told me. tiha.- therf- was a croBsing-sweeper n6»r the Exchange wbc- qamo from his na'ive place, -and bad started as a speculator, aud came down to that, only b( called it rising, and used to speak with a Bhuddrr frhenise dabbled in the funds, and often toid hmi to iook sharp and get a crossing, . And lo! one daj when he was cleaned out and desperate, and hover ing with, the other ghosts of little capitalists the tomb ol their money, he Baw-bis countrymau fall flat and the broom fly out of his band. Instant-y he made b rush, and so did a wooden-legged, sailor ; but be got first to the brcom and began to sweep while others picked up his countryman, who proved dead as a herring ; and he succeeded to his broom, and it made money by tho Exchange, though he never could. Still ono .day he piqked up a pocket- book in that neighbourhood, with a lupip of money, which ho straightway advertised --no newspapers. And now Julia thought, it lime /.-to interpose. the eighth commandment, the golden rule, and such branches of learning. . He became a favourite of hers— he had so much to' say — she 6ven thought she had seen his face be- fcr.'- ; but she could not tell where. She gave him good books and tracts, and read to himand ploughed his heart with' her sweet voice," and sowed tho good seeds in the furrows — seed which, like wheat or other grain, often -seems to fall flat and die, but comes out green after many days. One Saturday she invited him to dins with the servants next day. He came during enurcb time, and went away in the afternoon while she was with her mother. But she asked Sarah, who proved eager SO laix aooui Oltu. iio vr aa a I um SUS.U"." , kep asking questions all dinner-time. 'Well,' says I, ' you're good company, you are ; be you a lawyer for you examines us ; but "jou don't tell us nothing ;' ye see, Miss, Jane she is that simple, she was telling him everything,. and about Mr. Alfred's lawsuit with his father and all.' Julia said that was indiscreet; but after all what did it matter ? ' Who knows, . Miss ? ' Sarah replied; 'least said is soonest mended. If you please, Miss, who is be ? Where does he bide? Whore does he come from? Does he know Hardies ?' f I should rhink not. Why ?' 'Because I'm much mistaken if he doesn't.' Then putting on a stolid look, she asked, 'Does he know your papa ?' ' Oh no, Sarah. How should he ?' ' There now,' sid Sarah : ' Miss, you are all in the dark about lliis old man : I'll tell you something ; I took him out of the way of Jane's temper wheD she began a dishing up, and I had him into the parlour a minute ; and in course there he sees the picture of yeur poor papa hung up. Miss, if you'll believe me, the moment he claps eyes on that there picture, ho ihalloes out, and out goes bis two hands like his here. " It's him 1" says he ; " it's him !" and stares at the picture like a stuck pig. Forgot I was close behind him, I do believe. " She's his daughter," says he, in a whisper, a curious whisper ; seemed to come out of his stomach. " What's the matter now ?" says I, just so. He gave a great start, as if my Epcaking bad wakened him from a dicam, and, 6ays he, " Nothing," as quiet as a lamb. " Nothing isn't much," says I. jnst so. "It usedn't to be anything at all when I was your age,' says he, sneerin. But I paid him in good coin ; says I " Old man, where you comes from do tho folks use to start and hallo out and cry ' It's him ! she's his daughter !' and fling their p.rms abroad like a windmill in March, "and all for nothing ? ' So at that he changed as white as a srnock, .and -frll all of a tremble. However ut dinner ho perks up, and drew that pnor simple Jane out a good ore. But he didn't look towards mo much, which I sot opposite to watch my lord.'- ' Sarah,' said Julia,' this is really curious — mys terious. You are a good watchful faithful girl ; and to tell tho truth, I sometimes fancy I have seen Mr. Barkington's face. However, I will solve this little mvBtery to-morrow ; for I will ask him, thank you, 'Sarah.' On Monday sbe called on Mr. Barkington to solve the mystery. But instead of solving it, her visit; thickened it ; for Mr. Barkington was gone bag and baggago. When Edward waa told of this business he thought It remarkable, and regretted he had not" seen the old man. So do I, for it is my belief Edward would have re cognised him. David Dodd. The history of s man is the history of his mind. And- that is why you have heard so little of late about the simplestj-nobisst, and' most unfortunate of all my personages. Insanity is as various as eccentricity. I have spared the kind- hearted reader some of David's vagaries. However, when we parted with bim he had settled into that strange phase of lunacy in which the distant past seems nearly obliterated, ano memory exists, but revolves in a narrow round of things present. This was ac companied with a positive illusion, to wit, a fixed idea that ho was an able seamau ; and, as usual, What mental power he retained came out strongest in support- of this idea. All this was marked by a bodily agility somewhat more than natural in a man of his age. Owing to the wind astern, he was en abled to ma into Portsmouth before the steamtug came up with him : and he did run into port, not because he feared pursuit, but because he was despe- rately hungry — and he had no suicidal tendencies whatever. He made for a public-house and called for some bread and cheese and beer ; they were supplied, and then lo ! he had no money to pay for them. ' I'll owe you till I come back from eea, my bo,' said he, coolly. On this the landlord collared him, and David shook him off into the road, much as a terrier throws a rat from bim : then there was a row, and a naval officer, who was cruising about for hands, came up and heard it. There was nothing at all unseiman- lifce in David'a conduct, and the gentleman took a favourable view of it, and paid the small demand ; but. not with unleavened motives ; he was the second lieutenant of H.M. frigate Vulture ; she had a bad name, thanks to her last captain, and was short of hands : ho took David aside and asked him would he like to ship on board the Vulture. David said yes, and suggested the foretop. ' Oh yes,' growled the lieutenant, ' you all want to be there.' Ho then gauged this Jacky Tar's intellects; u:ked him iuter alia how to send a frigate's foretcp gailant-yard down upon deck : and to show how sea manship sticks in the brain when once t gets there David actually told him. 'You are rather old,' said the lieutenant, ' but you are a seaman :' and so took him on hoard the Vulture at Spithead, before Green began o search the town in earnest. No body acts bis part" bettor than some demented persons do ; and David made a very tolerable sailor notwithstanding;- his forty-five years: and the sea did him good within certain limits. Between bitn and the past lay some intellectual or cerebral bairior as impenetrable as the great wall ot China : but on the hither side of that wall his faculties improved. Of course the crew soon found out the gap in his poor brain, and called him Soft Billy, and played on him at first. Bnt by -degrees ho won their affection be was so wonderfully sweet-fcsmpered : and besides' i bis mind being in an abnormal state, he loathed grog, and gave his allowance to his messmates. One day ho showed an unexpected trait ; they were lying becalmed in southern latitudes, and, time hanging | heavy, each wiled it how he might: one fiddled, I another wrote to his Poll , another fi«hcd for sharks another whistled for a wind, scores fall into the form of meditation without the reality, and one got a piece of yarn and amused himself killing flies on the bulwark. Now this shocked poor Billy" he put out his long arm and intercepted a stroke,' « Whit is t.n p rnic hV»» nna«niA« You mustn't,' eaid Billy, solemnly, looking into tus luce "wifcti groat dreamy eyea. ' You be- ; said the other, and lent bim a y on the cheek with the yarn. Billy did not seem to mind this ; his skin had little sensibility, owin-' to his disorder. 3 Jack recommenced on his fliee, and the bystanders laughec.. j.hey _ always laughod now at. everything Li.iy said as Society used to laugh when the Jato Iheaaoie Hook asked for the muetard at dinner a-id would have laughed if he bad said, 'You see me R»d, T have jus- lust my -poor faker ' -ui. . _ At dasti.e MS merino have ,au , idui, ho oamtoi Jack up oy "he thrush lifted bi n wi,h 1 .tic strength above »>ls :head! i."nd was just none to hue, him surieking lntoAho sea, when a tioz ctic-.gQanae interfered, aud sited the man. lhm they were going I o bind Billy hand and foot ; but he " was discovered to be perfectly calm; ao they re monstrated instead, b"-; vttly Billv's commander- in-chief, a ship-boy cai.o_ Georgie V, lute, shoved in and asked him in a shrili haughty voice how he dared do that. ' My dear,' said Billy, with great humility and placidity, ' he was killing God's crea tures, no allowance : so, ye -see, to save th-. ir lives, I was obliged.' At this piece of reasoning, and the simplicity and gentle conviction wi'h which it was delivered, theie was a roar. It eufcsiCL'd, and a doubt arose whether Billy was altogether in the wrong. ' Well,' said on?, ' I daresay life ia sweet to them little creatures, if they could speak their minds.' 'I've, known a ehip founder in a fair breeze all along of killing 'em,' said one old salt. . Finally, several sided with Billy, ana intimated that 'it served the lubber right for not listening to reason.' And/indeed, methinks it was lovely and touching- that so divine a ray of goodness aod su perior reason should have shot from his heart o from Heaven across that poor benighted brain. But it meet bo owned his mode of showing his humanijy was somewhat excessive and abnormal, and smacked of lunacy. After tbis, however, the affection of his messmates was not so contemptuous. Now tho eapteiu of the Vulture was Billy's cousin by marriage, Reginald Bazalgette. Twenty years ago, when the captain was a boy, they were great friends : of late Bazalgette had eeeh less of him ; still it seems strange he did not recognise him in his o ivn ship. But one or two causes co- operated to prevent tbat. In the first place the mind when turned in one direction is not so Bharp in another , and Captain Bazalgette had been told to look foi 7 David in a merchant ship bound for the East Indies. . In the next place 1 .sanity alters the expression of "7 «.! r J .Mtt btii? 4-Via nanloin nf a fmoaf-a < LutJ lauo yruiiusj - 'UAAJ > uuv ss'gww runs his eye ov. four hundred sailors at muster, or a hundred at work, not to examine their features, but their dress and bearine at the one, and their handinees at the other. The worst piece of luck was that Mrs. Dodd did n-.t know David called himself William Thompson. So there stood 'Wil liam Thompson' large as life on the ship's books, and npbody the wieer Captain Bazalgette had a warm regard and aifectioa for Mrs. Dodd, and did 'all he could. Indeed, he took great liberties : he stopped and overhaulsd several merchant ships for the truant ; aod, by-the-by, on one occasion William Thompson was one of ihe boat's crew that rowed a midshipman from the Vulture alongside a merchant ship to search for David Dodd: be heard the name and ciroometance mentioned in the boat, but the very name was now to him. He re membered it, but only from that hour; and tola his loving tyrant, Georgie White, they had been overhauling a merchant ship and lookiog for one David Dodd. It was about Midsummer the Vulture anchored off one of tho South Sea islands, and sent a boat ashore for fruit. Billy and his dearly beloved little tyrant, Georgie White, were among the crew. Off goes Georgie to bathe, and Billy sits down on the beach with a loving eye upon him. The water was calm ; but the boy with the heedlessness of youth stayed in it nearly an hour ; he was seized with cramp and screamed to his comrades. They ran, but they were half a mile from the boat. Billy dashed "into the water and came up with Georgie just as he was sinking for the last time; the boy gripped him ; but by his great strength he disen tangled himself and got Georgie on his shoulders, and swam for the shore. Meantime the sailors gob into the boat, and icwed hastily towards them. Now Biily was undermost and his head under water at times, and Georgie, some thought-, had helped strangle him by gripping his neck with both arms., Any way, by the boy'a account, just as they were getting into shallow water, Billy gave a great shriek and turned over on his back ; and George paddled with hia hands, but Billy eoon after this sunk like a dead body while the boat was yet fifty yards off. And Georgie screamed and pointed to the place, and the boat came up and took Georgia in, and the water was ao clear that the sailors saw Billy lie motionless at the bottom, and hooked him with & boat-hook ' and drew him up; but his face camo up alongside a deadly white, with staring eyes, and. they shuddered aud feared it was too late. \- They took him into a house aud stripped him, bud rubbed him, and wrapped him in blankets, and put him by the hot fire. Bat all would net do. Then, having dried his clothes, they dressed the body acain and laid him in the boat, and ca3t the .Union Jack over him, 3nd rowed slowly and unwil lingly back to the ship, Georgie sobbing and scream ing over the body, and not & dry eye in the boat. The body was carried up the aide, and uncovered, j ist as Mrs. Dodd saw in her dream. The surgeon waa sent for and examined the body : and then tho grim routine of a man-of-war dealt swiftly with the poor skipper. He was carried celow to be prepared for a sailor's grave. Then the surgeon walked aft and reported, formally to the officer of the watch the death by drowning of William Thompson. The officer of the watch went instantly to the captain in his cabin and reported the death. The captain gave the slerectynea order to bury him at noon tho next day : and the qody was stripped that night and B9wed up in his hammock with a portion of his clothes and bedding to conceal the outline of the corpse, and two cannon baits at his feet ; and so the poor skipper wa3 bid out for b watery, grave, aDd covered by the Union Jack. I don't know whether any of my amorous young readers are much affected by the catastrophe I havo just related. If not, I will just remind them that even Edward Dodd was prepared to oppose the mar riage of Julia and Alfred, if any serious ill should befall his father at sea, owing to Alfred's imprudent interference in rescuing him from Drayton House. (To be Continued .) Jean Mistral, who was 45 years in a Paris lQnatic asylum, in which his father had placed hm fr marrying without the parental consent, died he other day. Hia sister inherits his sixty-five millions of francs. She is a widow, and, although possessed of a great fortune of her own, Iive3 like a provincial person of moderate means, keeping only two servants. 