PULPIT PITH. ClNON Du K I v;<,\ us TMK GUNRRAt Kuvtciv 1 hero was a large attendance al at. Luke's Anglican Church, South Melbourne, on last Sunday week, when Canon Dickenson de livered a sermon on " The General Elections." The rev gentleman based his remark? noon Act btb Chap. 8rd verse—" Wherefore, br.i lirf n, look ye out among yon se.en men of honest rej.oit. fnll of tho Holy Qhoat and w.Mlonj, wh.im wa may appaint over this liminoi..-' Tbo Caaon thought it waa tba dnly of all Cliriatiaaa to oonaidor tho oom- poeiiion of tho next Parllamanl for although it wa. a Secnlar Parliament, and aoma might think churrhmon ahonld h.v. little to do with It, jet Parliament her. wa. tha whole church of t-he cumtry in its .scalar upect. The Canon next went on to urgue that the distinc tion between the words secular and sacred was an crroneouu on, lu tho days of the early church the torn secular wu applied to every thing evil, dominated over by the Evil One. In the early Christian Church it wu necessary to form Rome system of rel ief for the poor, of whom there were many, aa many heathen and Jewish employers would refuse to continue Chris tiana in their service. There were also dissensions among the poor u to the mode of relief, so the apostles stapjed in in regard to these secular, as we now understand it, mature. Why were men of bonr-et report not snffloient : why did they go on to eay " full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom." It wu not enongh for men of honest report to be choseo, bnt men with the char acteristics of tho spirit of Christ, with the spirit of divine love and tenderness, the spirit of charity and the spirit of gentle sympathy, liiie Christian charity springs from the heart it is to give to the poor anil needy from the heart with ever-ready sympathy. "Jeeoe seeing ho multitude had compassion on them. He bad compassion first and fed them after- w i1!'. fc"e apostles were here now they would . say : "Here you are going to elect a large number of men to deal not with railways, water Irnate, and matters purely connected with this world, but with the education, and not only the training of the mind but of the soul, of the ruing generation ; and theae men will also have to do with the relief of the poor u wall u the allotment of charitable votes."Farliament wonld also have to see justice done between man and man, to see that capital did not pnsh labor, or that tabor did not unduly coerce capitaL Then there were sanitary questions. He believed a sound body meant a sound mind to a certain extent, and a sound mind meant to a oertain degree a sound religious mind. Parliament would have to deal with all these questions with a strong hand, and he might say it wu needed. The preacher then condemned the ugliness of the structure at the 14 top end of Bonrke street," which shut out a beautiful vista, and kept oat the light, and he wished that God's light would so illume the hearts of onr legislators os to make up for any deficiency in the other regard. He wished all onr legislators wsrs men of honest report foil of the Holy Ghost and wisdom. The preacher then went on to say bow particular they ehonld be to choose good honest men, no matter in what station of life, to represent them in Parlia ment. It would not always be wise to elect men who had made large sums of money in business, because sometimes the money was gathered in a dirty manner. Their represents- tivie should be like Aristides "honest and jnst;" mm who would rather have tbe right bands cat off than be guilty of a dishonest transaction. The representatives should go to Parliament with the spirit of Christian self- denial to give themselves np to their country for its good. A Parliament always, more or less, influences a nation in spiritual things, and therefore they should seek out men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghott and wisdom. They ehonld not neces sarily .'elect sanctimonious men, who nsaally parade their righteousness, but men of the character described <by the Apostles. The Canon, in conclusion, counselled hie hearers that their votes wsre sacred trusts, which should be nsed under the guidance of God, so that true religion and charity should always flonrUh 