[ Sporting Gossip. ] [Bt the Vagrant.] It would appear that Chandler's historical and much doubted jump was not so improbable after all, for word comes from Victoria that the steeple- chaser Patchwork, whilst being schooled by Fred Hill a few days ago, cleared 35 feet 2 inches in a spring. It will be remembered that Patchwork is the horse that fell and killed the popular jockey Jack Hunt. Dooley and Jackson meet in their boxing contest this evening in Sydney. The latter is favourite, but if the affair is fought out Dooley will be found to hit too hard for the black. Mr. E. M'Carthy has sold that gay deceiver Morceau to Mr. Stewart. Her former owner had trained the daughter of Maribyrnong for alout 15 months, and never won a race with her, but she won the Bracelet at Albiuy for Mr. Stewart the first time of asking. It is said the racehorse Velocipede has been sold for .£30. Eighteen mouths ago ¿S2000 would not buy the son of Fenman. To show the glorious uncertainty of horseracing, I may quote the case of the Victorian sportsman, Mr. R. Sevior. He wrote a week or so back com- plaining of the harsh manner in which his horses-Snip and Fusilier-had been treated by Mr. Vowles, the handicapper for Melton races. The meeting came off, and Fusilier and Snip won the events in which they were supposed by their owner not to have the ghost of a show. A case full of interest to tíorseowners and secre- taries of race clubs cropped up at the late Albury meeting. A filly called Devotion (a daughter of Goldsbrough, by the way) won the Produce Stakes and Maiden Plate, and a protest was entered against her in the second event on the ground that she was not a maiden when the entries for the race closed. Nominations for the Maiden Plate closed on the 16th March, but Devotion was entered five weeks prior to that date, .and in the interval she won a race at Junee. That was the ground of the protest, and the stewards disqualified Devotion, and awarded the prize in the Maiden Plate to Roxana, who had run second. Mr. Hann (the owner) intends I believe to appeal to the A.J.C., but the decision cannot be altered/ as the conditions of the event stated that it was " for horses which had never won an advertised prize." The rule re the matter needs revising by the A. J.C., when the words " at time of entrance" should be expunged. The case of Mel- bourne should plead for this, as he figured in a Maiden Plate after he had won the V.R.C. Derby, St. Leger, and other races. Mr. H. Kinsela lost his filly Marina a few days ago by death. The daughter of Rapid Bay and Nina ran into a rail whilst at exercise. Mr. John Mayo became so disgusted with the running of that arrant knave His Worship at the late Glen Innes meeting that he disposed of the son of Vfarlike to John Roarty for ¿250. The latter sold him a short time afterwards at, I believe, a profit of ¿620, and the story goes that the third purchaser became so alarmed at his good luck in possessing such a shifty gentleman that he, too, got rid of the horse. Goodness knows in whose hands he is now. The well-known firm of pencillers, Messrs. Miller, Jones, and O'Brien, have dissolved partnership. The starts allotted for the Wallsend Sheffield Handicap, to be run on April 10 and 12, have made their appearance, and although they have met with the usual amount of criticism, the verdict of those who should know is that the work is very fair. The handicappers properly began off the mark with Malone, and with the starts at Botany fresh in their minds competitors were at first under the impression that they had been brought close to the champion, but they soon remembered that in Sydney he had been on the five yards mark so they rest satisfied now. No decided favourite has yet been made, although up- wards of twenty men are fancied. In answer to inquiries I may state that Free Selector, winner of the Glen Innes Cup, is a son of The Tester (imp.) and Marie Stuart, dam of Fair Ellen. Pyrrhus, who was a well-known performer over hurdles in Tasmar.iaand Victoria, has been relegated to the shafts of a waggonette. It is said that Fred Archer is to ride Ringlet in the Grand National Steeplechase. The "Tinman's" father was a good horseman at hurdle racing, and as a boy Fred liad some experience at the game. At the Lucknow (India) race meeting, Puuic's son, Ringwood, won the Cesarewitch Handicap^ with 9st. lllbs in the saddle, and afterwards walked over for the Trial Stakes. It seems that Gudarz, formerly in M. de Mestre's stable, has gone com- pletely off, for Regulator gaye him 451bs and a beating in a five furlong race. Neil Matterson, at any rate, is not likely to grow rusty for the waut of a job in England, as Wallace Ross has issued a challenge to row either the young Australian or Hanlan. Slender, winner of the Maiden Stakes and Stuart Plate at the late Glen Innes meeting is a daughter of Hawthornden and Splendour. She was bred by Mr. W. J. Dangar, who, I am glad to say, also owns her. Black Dot, a daughter of Grandmaster, who ran third in the Maiden Stakes, was'also bred by Mr. Dangar. It has been stated in an -English journal that Primrose II., by Rosebery out of Lady Geraldine, winner of the Manchester Summer Cup of 18S3, lately left his quarters to be taken to New South Wales for stud purposes. The report may not be true, for the horse has not arrived yet. I am glad to learn that the Maitland Sheffield Handicap will in all probability be a great success, for nominations are coining in steadily, and great interest is being evinced in Mr. Main's plucky venture. It is likely another event will be promoted with a liberal prize, to be run between the rounds of the Sheffield. There is still war and rumours of war between New South Wales boxers and those of Victoria. Jackson and Lees are still acting the part of gaso- meters, but the latter and Farnan have at length made a match to box to a finish. Tlie match between Tom Ellem and Trinder has fallen through. The backers of the former ped saw they had made a mistake, and were glad to get their deposit back from the stakeholder. By her win in the Liverpool Handicap Cerise and Blue has incurred a penalty of 51bs f *r the Rosehill Handicap and one of 31b for the Sydney Cup. George Perkins and John Largan have at length brought off their long pending match, and the former is now hailed as champion of England. The stakes were ¿6200 a-side, and Perkins won easily. Oh, shades of Chambers, Kelly, and Renforth, to what have the champions of England come ? Both Perkins and Largan were in Australia in 1883, and both men were beaten by M'Donald, a man much inferior to Trickett, and to whom Beach could give two or three hundred yards start over the Parramatta River. At the conclusion of the Largan-Perkins contest Dave Godwin and his son, aged 17 years, rowed Bubear and Bightwell a double sculling match, receiving 10 sees, start, the stakes being ¿620 a-side. The Godwins won. Americans do most tilings in a big wav. At the Rockaway Association race meeting 5000 dollars have been offered for a steeplechase and 3000 dolíais for a hurdle race. I am happy to hear that the Tocal consignment of yearlings this year will be one of the best which has ever left that historical spot. I will take an early opportunity of having a look at them. Breeders and owners of young colts should not fail to remember that a 51b. allowance will be given to geldings in the St. Leger, Champagne Stakes, Derby, First and Second foal stakes, and in the Richmond and December Stakes to be run at future meetings of the A.J.C. Trainers have less trouble in the preparation of geldings than stallions, and I am sure the action of the A.J.C. is wise in more respects than that, for unless some steps are speedily taken to curtail the number of stallions the country will soon be flooded with a very inferior class of horse stock. A Mr. Mallon, owner of the racehorse Oscar, has boen disqualified for life by the stewards of the Bathurst Jockey Club for some queer work in rela- tion to the payment of ¿621 due to the Wallsend Jockey Club. The horse has been disqualified until the money due to the club named has been paid. It íb hardly possible that Nordenfeldt will bear the blue and white banner in the A. J. C. St. Leger for Mr. Fennelly has found it necessary to blister the son of Musket for the second time. In his ab- sence the Hon. James White has the choice of Monte Christo and Matchlock, but First Chester should prove the master of the pair. At a meeting of the Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club held on Wednesday night it ivas decided that in future all horses entered for tarry scurrys held at meetings of the club be in- spected, approved, and handicapped by a committee to consist of Mcssi^..' . í CFóldíe. sen., James Fletcher, jun., W. Evilfts, J^ Middleby, and the Secretary. This step was taken in consequence of the manner in which the horse I Abergeldie won the Hurry Scurry at the late meeting of the club. He was not brought into the yard,\and was kept -way until he appeared at the post. ) It has been decided to form a áix-furlongP" ' <;e Stakes at Bathurst. Livingstone and O'Brien run their »'fitch on the Newcastle Crickot Ground to- day. T .'.. '¡¡ know enough to indicate the winner. There is 3ome talk of a match with the 1 . ' -s between J. L. Sullivan and the new ' . ,h pugilistic shining light Smith, for a bigstaki ' je match will come off cither in America or Irei. 1, if at all. Both the Wallsend racing clubs have decided to assist the Clarence River Jockey Club in its effort to introduce the totalisator. Glen Elgin has been taken to Sydney to prepare for his engagements of the futuro. The sou of King Arthur has plenty pace, but he collapses like a pricked bladder. The next meeting of the Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club will be held in Juno. Mr. Quinton has issued the weights for the Windsor Farm race meeting to como oif on April 3. The First Handicap should be won by Soldior Boy, Pet Girl, or Arista. I like Bullion, Ellington, and Pet Girl for the Windsor Farm Handicap, and the Welter Race should go to Fuse, Goldfinder, and Sundial. [ Maddina is nominally first favourite for the next V. R. C. Derby. Although when on her best behaviour the daughter of Meg Merrilies is un- doubtedly the best two-year-old of the year, colts generally improve moro with age than members of the weaker sex. I would prefer backing Trident, who is bred Hire a stayer, or the aristocratic Ches I ham. The V. R. C. Derby has been only won | half-a-dozen times in twenty-Bix years by fillies. j The Northern Hunt Club is progressing as well I a3 its most warm and enthusiastic friends can ! wish. Its roll of members is lengthening into a, ! goodly list, his Excellency Lprd Carrington is at its head as Patron, and as its finances aro in a healthy condition many a pleasant and rousing run may be looked for during the coming season, which will begin about the end of April. A well attended committee meeting was held a few evenings since, when important business was transacted. It was decided to enlarge the present buildings used for kennels at East Maitland, to fence and otherwise improve the'pro- perty, and to retain as huntsman the clever and obliging Harry Lodge. Mr. H. J. Adams showed his warm interest in the welfare of tho Club by promising to provide 100 sheets of galvanised iron for roofing the extension to the kennels. As Mr. Adams' kind offer will save an expenditure of about ¿S25 to the Club, needless to say the generous deed of the sporting President was heartily appreciated. The Club has now a pack of 40 hounds all in good health and condition, and when the alterations and extensions to the kennel premises aro completed the Northern Hunt Club will be far and away atthe head of similarinstitutions in this colony, andnotatallan unworthy imitation of any Victorian Club. It is almost certain that Lord Carrington wi}l attend some of the Club's meets during the coining season, and in anticipation of that honor it behoves every active member of the N. H. C. to get in readiness to show his Excellency that Australians are as enthusiastic followers of the chase as any hard riding squire who ever topped a bull-finch in the old country^ The fifth Sir Joseph Banks Sheffield Handicap is now a thing of the past, and it has ended ina more surprising manner than any of it predecessors. On papar Joe Byrne had not a ghost of a show of winning, and very f ewpeople had an idea that ha hod any showupon turf. When the time for the fina cam* round he had very scant hopes of winning, and 20 to 1 went begging against him. There was not the slightest doubt but that the great advantage which Byrne got at the start gave him the race, and destroyed the chances of the other men, whose backers are naturally indignant. It is said that Byrne had run several yards before the pistol was fired, and if that is the case there was plenty, of time for him to be called back. Blr. G. WelslMa an artist with the starter's pistol, and it was vt ¡j unfortunate that he should have made such a mi'fr take in the final. The running track at Botanj^ needs looking to, as it was at times terribly heavy, ? and its bad condition liad a good deal to do with ' i the result of some of the heats. It should be well/ covered with hot tar and sand. As usual there wer«/ 1 many of the peds not on the jgb, and I could guess! a few of the divisions which had been run and worn before the men left the dressing room. ( Malua has been scratched for the Sydney Cup| Mr. Hann was offered ¿6500 for Devotion, a daughter of Goldsbrough and Benevolence, after winning at Albury. The Hon. John Eales has purchased the three year-old colt Myall King. The son of King Cole is a cast off from Warwick Farm, and if his execrable temper can be improved he will bo a useful horse. Besides pigeon shooting at Burwood to-day, the Newcastle flyer Bob Bailey will run a horse 20 yards for a sov. a yard. The Friendly Society Sports will come off at Wallsend to-day. 