ESS&-AYS, .SKE2UELIS, ·c. t[snD:I tEills 0celllg wp ropgeo oncolollelly inrrttnrg conlri bhutol wroe pcrll, oC otll efstlE ol thils ileor. TLhey eeee nroih d5Iuallegi local or Icrsoell ellttcrs, ollll [er IYolch Onyl gehrl qetololle. Tie ye?? sllollv l bm tent io ey Bhroogl t post. They wll become or roperty, nl will ceubjcct to revlsioe or rejection.] Ff5OI BROOKLYLN TO LBAKB B.THUBST. Be CIJTIZEN SYD. Tue morning was foggy and bitterly cold when we set ouat from Brooklyn for Lake Bathurst. I have mentioned Brooklyn more than once, and may be excused if I here describe it. Situated some two or three and twenty miles from Goulburn on the Braidwood goad, Brooklyn is one of many instances of tle good effects of free selection. The land was taken up about twenty years hende by dir. George Brooke, its present occupier, and from whom his local habitation received its nanme. Daring thant long period the residence and all other clauses have been faithfully fulfilled, and tie "howling forest" of gum-trees and pateches of scrub have beuen transformed into those paddock's both of oultivation and grass which are now comprised in the estate. Sinoo thbo first selected forty, its area has increased to some lhundreds of acres, containing miles of fencing and other improvoments. The homestead is located upon a hill, and has a full view of Windellama creolek, a large waterhole in which has never yet been known to be dry. From thie the homestead is supplied with excellent water. From the front windows of the house a view unsurpassed for scenery on a limited scale is obtained. Right in front is a long stretch of the main road, on either side of which are paddocks of grass, stuldded hero and thelre with groups of cattle or sheep, the varied colours of whichl give brightness and lifo to tie landscape, while the water of thie creek aldds thiat elcharm to thle picture withlout whllich l'and seonery is generally voted dull. Some times over the distanrt trees which bound tie hlorizon on thie south andce west may bo 0eon the llbrillient recy:e of thle rsieieg suic descendilng inll golden splieCiudor, while at othieer timees thick ceel cijdnnael fog or driezling rain-celonids may be eeoln adveancing nrd oi'aricg lthe lao e ndlcpeo altootiher, in tile ineeeOedieltt f'roct of thei veraldaheICd, flower.adorned hcmc.ee, icu the geardon, sloping dowinwI'lee tee tirheoereekuiodere inc g it favoee'r elder Iecueceoccee fIceit, e g11et eeihe, ced elowieroer ; thre leetter becinf the .pecil err' of dicer, Brooke herself, whose usefulness and taste.. are shown in the floral arrangements, and which are still more developed in the housewifely duties of bread and butter making, milking, cookind, and other neccs saries of country lifo, without which any free-selector has but a poor chance of success. As seen from the road the white houese of Brooklyn, with the overtopping gum- trees, presents a very rettrty subject for an artist's study. Its hoight, as regard(s position, makes it a most ohealthy residence; and the homestead, with its dairy, coach. house, stables, cow-bails, stockyard, and their appurtenancces, make Brooklyn one of the most salubrious as well as picturesque pIlaces in the county of Argyle. Os the western side over thle hlill-slopo is the orchard, in which the fruit-trees have apple-blight,.whielh hlave done suchl woful suflfered greatly from opossums and mischief tlhat, to use a common phrase, they hlave taken tihe heart out of both orchard and occupant. Copper and cobalt are known to exist on the estate. So much for Brooklyn: now for thie journey. Provided with beef and billy, tea and tucker, salt and sugar, by the ever-reacdy hland of the kindest of proprioetresses, 1 started for the lake with Mr. Brooke. We soon sped by the Wiedollama post oflice, receiving a word of clheeorhfl en couragoment from Mrs. Cartwright, the highly esteemed and respected postmistress. Ers long we " deviated" from the main road into what was to me a really and truly bush track, called however by courtesy I suppose a road. Such ups and downs, such tackings to and fro. such ascents and otherways, over half- hidden ungrubbed stumps, our passage for some time may be aptly likened to crossing the Bay of Biscay on dry land. Now I bumped the driver, then the driver bumped me, thoen together we seemed about to plunge forward and smite the horse in hIis hIindmost part. Such riding was cheerfully but sorely re membered.. Passing the residence of Mr. A. Roberts, who was shoeing a horse, we rested for a moment to talk of the extreme dryness of the weather and the prospects in future. On again, jolting and joking, we at length reached Mr. Boreham's at Bronte. " Be sure you call whenever you are my way," says B. of Bronte to B. of Brooklyn. When, as is commonly the case the latter B. called at Bronte, the former B. was out and no B. could B. seen. Some excellent signs of progressive cultivation were visible here- about. On again upon the" madding " road, somewhat dubious as to route, until assured by a lad on a razor-backced stoeed that we were not astray. We soon after passed what were once called thie Wool sheds, where life and liberty were. ex emplifiod in the appearance of both women and men at work in the ordinary hurried style of bush proceedings, some unloadiung a wag gon-load of firewood, others washing, and others quietly observant of all around them. Recognitions on both sides cheerful but laconic, and our journey is resumed. At length between two posts were the words "Public Gate," and I am informed that I _;m traversing part of the Cropper country, the area of which is so enormous that I can scarcely realiso its vastness. At this gate, from a slab- shell near it, came forth a chubby, but villainously dirty, scarcely covered- from-the-cold boy about five years old. No woman's care soeemed to be about him in any form, andt at the back or froet, I don't know which, of the habitation where Chubby dwelt, reclined the form of a man apparently enjoying what heoat;- ho could derive from the sunshine. The dirt upon Chubby's feet was grimed thereon, while his filthy rags made his bare chest, lknees, and other uncovered portions look more filthy still. He had part of a ghost of a comforter dangling about his neckl, and with the exception of tile human figure before-mentioned, Chubby seemed alone in dirt and duty. I gave him a copper, but it was too plainly visible acn unknown coin to him. We saw the little urchin on our return, when I gave him some biscuits, and probably the instinct.of hunger guided them to his mouth. Happy Australia thought I, where at least one little child stands in no fear of truant inspector, and grows up healthy and strong even in the midst of cold and nakedness. Furthor on I beheld two more boys, who seemed of the same stock as Chubby, playing cricket with two sticks and a frozen cow-dung ball. Onward still, through intor minable forests of stunted,orooked-limbed, good-for-nothing gum-trees, until the incre asing coldness of the wind is caused, as my companion informs me, by its coming off the lake. So far as I am personally concerned I wish it had kept on the lake, for it was quite cold enough before it left that watery space. Now a dim misty appearance through the trees-gum, of courso--announces tile presence of the lalke itself, and a slight ascent brings it into view. Cold and dreary enough it looked, I .assure you, and its border of dead gum- trees, whose limbs are twisted and tortured into every imaginable shape and position, look like dead demons whose punishment probably ages ago below the lake itself lhad drawn them into thoese horrible shapes. They certainly are very Gust ave l)ordish, and would form an admirable study for a scene in another Inforuo. 'I'his still expanse of water, dreary as it now is, I was told is quite a "love of a place" in summer, and believing it to be so I leave it as I found it, a colder piece of scenery than I expected to find in Sunny Australi's. Strange to say througlhout the bush that I have seen that merry, cheleky bird the black-and-whlito magpie, seems to act as Australia's watchlman, for be where you may hle is there too, with busy, fussy eye and manner and cheerful voice as tholghl to watchl your every proceeding. The only novelty reminding one of Sydney lifo was my meeting and greeting the well- known colours of Nowington colleg's worn by a youthl ridiceg with his friend in search of a leotter lost, and by leis founed. As you coluo upons tie well- made road to .IhegeOdloro at eLaktee 3eatieurst, the nicely htlit police- station, which does not look lilke a priso-leotusO at all, ceests tie eye of tie traveller widl a pltsetattt esurprisee. 'To bite righit are the church and ltpartmoe go, cwhilo the newly construtcetd ailroated emarks tie eldvaect of the ireon eorsoe to\wvardt the feel hiltmoet of tie great doIetatd of epeetiteg cup ithe eoutrty. It hle ncvert hiolest bIotti whisprerd to l ao that tho a l who d blielt[ Cen tttet etegecsr feorithe raiht to lee htid frsm JLtue lhtlhect're to Thiwttod leed the business end of tile junction just where they neither expected nor wanted it, and so the completion of the work did not answer expectations. We thought we would now journey on to Captain's Flat, that I might see some silver industry. We pulled up just as darkness came on, and I heard my com panion askl somebody something, the reply to which was "about six miles." Through cold and darkness, but on a good sound road, we proceeded until overtaken by a wagonette, and on enquiring how far to Bungendore, were startled to learn it was " about sixteen miles." Was there any accommodation nearer ? Yes, about a mile further on, and our informant was going to stay there for the night. So, thought we, will weo. At length, cold and Iungry, we came upon a long low building honorably designated an " hotol." No light, no fire, and, stransge to say, no bar that we could see. Some one came out-- presumably the landlord-and said after inquiry we could stay there the nIiglht. A fire was at last made, and in the hotel's cold room we waited for tea. This was set out before us with some dried pig called bliacon, but oh, so salt that it appeased appetites at once, and we made up with bread and really good butter. This and the tea wore certainly recommendable; but fancy at an hotel in severely cold weather in England being " tea'd" witl salt bacon and no eggs, cold tinned salmon, anud tihe table standing in such a draught as almost to produce cbil blains as wo sat I Tie tea, as also was tihe breaklfast, was "seen to" by a young woman, whoso faice and figure, gentle speech, and manners were in striking contrast with all other surroundings. The night was passed in a tolerably comfortable bed, with fashionably.frilled pillow-cases, anid surrounded by more articles of fomi nine attire than "hotel" visitors are usually supposed to see. Here also I saw another specimen of the " Juvenis Aus traleonsis," about fourteen or fifteen years old. He was apparently almost too lazy to stand up without support, for he tookl advantage of every post or wall to prop him up as hle stolidly gazed at us strangers. I esaw him at lengthl move from the side of the house towards the stable with solemn steps and slow, and hle ascended tho ladder to the loft as fast as though hang ing was to be reached at its top, and crawl ing into tihe loft inch by inch thi soles of hIis boots at last disappeared, and this brilliant display of Australian agility was lost to view ifnot to recollection. Mr. Wardell's fat boy was very Mercury to this lively youth. We were enlivened by th lIandlord's company and conversation during the evening, who told us that while theo railway was a making, a navy was puzzled to account for the difference between colonial and English ale, for said he" I've only had sixteen pints and now I'm drunk." For my part I put the quantity drunkl to account for the drunk in the man. Morning came at last, cold-very cold, but bright, and we were out and running up and down the frost-hardened road. to obtain warmth, for the "hotel" did not wake up to life till the sun shone well upon it. More cold salmon, bacon, bread and butter, tena and draughty cold; and as Captain's Flat was then some thirty miles away we decided to make lc is experiouoe enough for the present. We returned by a. somowhat different route to that taken on our outward journey, but, with the exception of a surprise in tho shape of a bush-hidden but most elaborately built, finished, and fur nished public school, camne upon nothing further that invites record. 