JESS. C-- BY H. EIDER HAGGARD, Author of "King Solomon's Mines." Chapter XXIII, — (Continued.) Frank Mullor watched his rotreating form with a smilo of peculiar inaliguity ou his handsome face. "Ah, my friend," he said to himself in Dutch, " you and that warrant will part company beforo you are many hours older. Why, it would bo enough to liang me, oven in this happy laud of pahiots. Old would not forgive me even for taking that little liberty with his game. Dear inc, what a lot of trouble one has to tako to be rid of a single enemy ! Well, it must be done, and Bessie- is well worth it j but if it had not been for this war I could never have managed it. Ah 1 I did well to give my voice for war. I am sorry for the girl Jess, but it must bo ; there mus't be no living witness left. All ! we aro going to have a storm. So much the better. So much the better. Such deeds arc best done in a storm. Mullcr was right ; tho storm was coming up fust, throwing a veil of inky cloud across tho star spangled sky. In Soutli Africa there is but little twilight, and the darkness follows hard upon tho heels of the day. No sooner had the great angry ball of sun finally disappeared than the night swept with all her stars across tho 6ky. And now after her camo tho great storm, covering up her beauty with his black ness. The air was stifliugly hot. Above was a starry space, to the east the angry bosom of the storm, in which the lightnings were already playing with an incessant flickering movement, and the west a deep red glow, reflected from the sunken sun, yet lingered on the horizon. On toiled tho horses through tho gathering gloom. Fortunately, tho road was fairly lcv<3 and free from mud holes, and Frank Mullcr rode just ahead to show tho way, his strong manly form standing out clear against the de parting western glow. Silent as death. No bird or beast, no blade of grass or breath of air stirred upon its surface. The only sign of life was the continual flickering of thoso awful tongues of light as they licked tho lips of tho storm. On for rnilo after mile, on through tho desolation t They could not bo for from the river now, and could catch tho distnut growling of tho thunder, echoing Eolcmnly down it. It was an awful night. Groat pillars of mud- colored clond camo creeping across the surfaco of tho veldt towards them, seemingly blown along without a wind. And now, too, a ghastly-looking ringed moon arose and threw a weird, distorted light upon the blackness that seemed to shudder in her rays as though with a prescience of the advancing terror. On crept the mud-colorcd columns, and on nbove them, and resting on them, camo the muttering storm. The cart was quite close to the river now, ana they could plainly hear its murmur To their left was a koppie, covered with white, slab-like stones, on which the sickly moon beams danced. "Look, John, look I" cried Jess with an hysterical laugh ; » it looks liko a huge grave yard, and the dark shadows between arc the ghosts of the buried." 1 1 Nonsense, ' said John siornly ; " What do yon mean by talking such rubbish ?" He felt that she was a little off her balance, aud, what is more, be was gettiug rather off his own, nud therefore was naturally the angrier with hor, and the more determined to be perfectly matter of fact. Jess made no answer, but she was frightened, she could not tell why. The wholo thing re sembled some awful dream, or one of Doreo's pictures come to life. No doubt, also, tho near presence of the storm exercised an effect upon her nerves. Even tho wearied horses snorted and shook themselves uneasily. They crept over the ridge of a wave of land, and tho wheels rolled softly on tho grass. " Why, we are off the road !" shouted John to Mullcr, who was still guiding them, fifteen or twenty paces ahead. " All right ! all right ! it is a short cut to the ford!" he called in answer, and his voice rang strange and hollow through tho groat depths of the silence. Below them, a hundred yards away, the light, such as it was, gleamed faintly upon the wide surface of the river. Another five minutes and they were on its shore, but in the gathering gloom they could not make out the opposite bank. " Turn to the loft !" shouted Mailer ; " the ford is a few yards up. It is too deep here for tho horses." John turned accordingly, nud followed Mai ler's horse some 300 yards np the hank till they came to a spot where tho water ran with an angry music, and there was a great swirl of eddies. "Hero is tho place," said Mullcr ; "yon must make haste through. The house is just the other side, aud will bo better to got there before tho tempest breaks." " It's all very well," said John, " but I can't sec an inch before me ; 1 don't know where to drive." "Drive straight ahead; the wa'cr is not more than three feet deep), and there arc no rocks." " I am not going, aud that is all about it." " You must go, Captain Niel. You cannot stop here, and if you can we cannot. Look there, mau!" and he pointed to the east, which now presented a truly awful and magni ficent sight. Down, right on to them, its centre bowed oat liko tho belly of a sail by, the weight of tho wind behind, swept the great storm- cloud, wliilo over all its surface the light ning played unceasingly, appearing and dis appearing in needles of fire," nud twisting and writhing serpeutwise round and about its outer edges. So brilliant was the intermit tent light that it appeared to fire tho revolving pillars of mud-colorcd cloud beneath, nud gave ghastly peeps of river and bauk aud plain, miles upon miles away. Bnt perhaps the most awful thing of ail was tho preternatural silence. The distant muttering of thunder that they had heard had died away, nnd now tho great storm swept on in silent majesty, liko tho passago of a ghostly host, front which (here arose no sound of feet or rolling of wheels. Only before it sped tho swift angels of tho wind, and be hind it swung the curtain of tho rain. Evenjas Mullcr spoke a gust of icy air caught tho cart and tilted it, anil the lightning needles began to ply more dreadfully than ever. The storm was breaking upon them. ' ' Come, get on, got ou 1 " he shouted, < ' you will bo killed here ; the lightning always strikes along the water and as he said it he struck one of the wheelers sharply with his whip. "Climb over tho back of tho scat, Mouti, nnd stand by to help mc with the reins I" sung out John to the Zulu, who obeyed, getting be tween him and Jess. " Now, Jess, bang on and say your prayers, for it strikes me we shall have need of them. So, horses, so !" Tho horses backed and plunged, but Mullcr on tho one side and the smooth- faced Boer on tho other lashed them without mercy, and at last in they went into the river with a rush. Tho gust had passed now, and for a moment or two there was renewed silence, except for the whirl of the water aud the snake- like hiss of the coming rain. For a few yards, ten or fifteen perhaps, all went well, and then John suddenly discovered that they wero getting into deep water ; the two leaders were evidently almost off their legs, and could scarcely stand against the current of the flooded river. "Damuyoul" he shouted back, "there is no drift here." "Go on, go on, it'sall right," came Mullcr's voice in answer. John said no more, but, putting out all his strength, tried to get the horses round. Jess turned herself on tho seat to look, and just then came a blaze of lightning which revealed Muller and liis two companions standing dismounted on the bank, tho muzzles of their rifles pointing straight at tho cart, " Oh God !" she screamed, " they arc going to shoot us." Even as the words passed licr lips three tongues of flame flared out from tho rifles' mouths, and the Zulu, Mouti, sitting by licr side, pitched heavily forward ou to his head' into tho bottom of the cart, white one of tho wheelers reared straight up into tho air with a shriek of agony, aud came down with a splash into the rivor. And then followed a scene tho horror of which baffles my poor pen. Overhead the storm burst in fury, and flash after flush of fork, or rather chain lightning, fell into the river. Tho thunder, too, began to crack liko tho trump of doom ; tho wind rushed down, tearing the sur face of tho water into foam, and, catching under tho tent of tho cart, lifted it clean off tho wheels, so that it began to float. Then tho two leaders, made mad with fear by the fury of tlio storm and tho dying struggles of tho off- wheeler, plunged and tore at tho traces till they actually rout themselves loose aud vanished be tween the darkness overhead and tho boiling water boncath. Away floated the cart, now touching the bottom and now riding on the water like a boat, oscillating this way and that, nnd slowly turning round nnd round. With it floated the dead horse, drugging down tho other wheeler beneath tho water. It was awful to sco his struggles in the glare of the lightning, but at last lie sank and cliokcd. And meanwhile, souudiug sharp and clear, across the din nud hubbub of the storm, came tlio crackiug of the three rifles whenever the flashes showed the whereabouts of the cart to tho murderers on tho bank. Mouti was lying still in tho bottom on tho bed-plank, a bullet be tween his broad shoulders nnd auother in his skull ; but John felt that his life was yet whole in him, though something had hissed past his face and stung it. Instinctively ho reached across the cart and drew Jess on to his knee, and cowered over licr, thinking dimly that per haps his body would protect her from the bul lets. " Rip ! rip 1 through the wood and canvas ; phut ! phut 1 through the air : but somo merci ful power protected thorn, and though one cut John's coat and two passed through the skirt of Jess's dress, not a bullet struck them. And very soon tlio shooting began to grow wild, and thou that dense veil of rain camo down and wrnpppd them so close that even tho lightning could not show their whereabouts to the assas sins ou the hank. " Stop shooting," said Frauk Muller ; "the cart lias sunk, nnd there is nu end of them, No human being can have lived through that fire and the Veal in flood." Tlio two Boers censed firing, and ihc Uni corn shook his licad softly and remarked to his companion that the damned English people in tho water could not be inucli wetter than they were on the bauk. It was a curious thing to say at such a moment, hut probably tin; spirit that animated the remark was not so much callousness as that which animated Cromwell, who flipped the ink in his neighbor's face when ho signed tho death warrant of his king. The Vilderboesto made no reply. His con science was oppressed ; he had a touch of imagi nation. He thonght.o ftho soft, fingers that had bound up his head that morning ; the handker chief — her handkerchief — was still around it. Now those fingers would ho gripping at the slippery stones of the Vanl in their death straggle, or probably they were already limp in death, with little bits of gravel sticking beneath tho nails. It was a painful thought, but lie consoled himself by thinking of tho warrant, and also by the reflection that, whoever had shot the people he had not, for he had been careful to firo wide of tho cart every time. Muller was also thinking of the warrant which lie bad forged. He must get it back, somehow, even if "Let us take shelter under the hank there, There is a flat place, about 50 yards up, where the bank lies over. The rain is drown ing us. We can't up-saddlo till it clears. I must have a nip of brandy too. Almighty 1 I can seo that girl's faco now 1 the lightning shono on it just as I shot. Well, sho will bo in heaven now, poor tiling, if English people ever go to heaven." It was the Unicorn who spoke, and the Vil derboesto made no reply, but advanced with him to where the horses stood. Thoy took the pnticnt brutes that wero waiting for their masters, their heads well down and the water streaming from thein, and led them along with them. Frank Mnilcr stood by his own horse thinking, "and watched them vanish into tlio gloom. How was he to get that warraut back without dyeing his hauds even redder than tlicy were ? As ho thought an answer came. For at that moment, accompanied by a fearful thunderclap, there shot from tlio storm overhead, which had now nearly passed away, one of those awful flashes that sometimes end an African tempest. It lit up tho whole scene round as light as day, nnd right in tho white heart of it Muller saw his two companions in crime and their horses ns the great king saw the men in tho furnace. Thoy were about forty paces from him on the crest of tlio bank. He saw them one moment erect ; the next — men and horses falling this way aud that prone to tlio earth. And then it was all dark again. He staggered with the shock, and when it had passed rushed to the spot, calling the men by name ; bnt no answer came, except Ihc echo of liis voice. He was there now, and tho moon light began to struggle faintly through the rain. Its pale beams lit upon two outstretched forms — one lying on its back, its distorted features gazing up to heaven, tlio other on its face. By them, tho legs of tho nearest slicking straight into tho air, lay the two horses. Tlicy had all gone to their account. Tlio lightniug had killed them, as it kills many an innocent man in Africa. Frank Muller looked ; and then, forgetting about tlio warrant aud everything else in the horror of what he took to be a visible judgment, rushed to his horse nnd galloped wildly away, pursued by all the terrors of hell. 