POLITICAL. ASPIRANTS.. Things in the political world continue to remain in a very, mixed state, and all the would- be holders- of portfolios are kept in a most unpleasant state of' " simmer."' Mr Gillies is at present the great oracle, and, like a wise oracle, despite the effortt of members and pressmen to " work it,"' ; he makes no sign. It is an ill wind that blows- nobody good, however, and the stats- of political affairs is affording- nu merous intending candidates the oppor tunity of announcing their intention o£ standing at the general election. It is a peculiar circumstance that very few of tbese candidates come forward on their own motion. None of them want to get into Parliament for their own aggran disement or glorification ; not they.. They ''have been requested," or they ,oame forward "in compliance with a numerously-signed requisition." I met one of those "requested" candidates tha | other day,, and I said to him i — "I see by the papers, , th t ; you ar& going to stand in deference to a ! urgent request. Tell me candidly, n aa have you been urgently requested. " ow, " Frankley, John," he replied, "I have." " By whom V' I asked. "By myself and wife 1" Another candidate was equally straight' forward with me. He was definitely an nounced as a " runner" for the Parlia- ' mentary guineas, although I knew that he stood not the ghost of a chance of being returned. I ventured to tell him so, and was rather surprised to find that he Bmilingly concurred in my expressed opinion. " No," he replied coolly. " I ha v-a.noJ chance at all, and I don't expect to go to ' the poll. The fact is I shall only nominated myself for the purpose of withdrawing. the last moment." > Seeing the puzzled look upon my faee, he hastened to enlighten me. " You see, one of the other candidate# - will make overtures to me to withdraw, and I shall conseut to do so in his favor " if he pays the expenses I have been put to; in preparing for the contest. My real expenses will have been about 50s, sol shall estimate them roaghly at £50. It's'; a capital dodge, and I always make a little money that wayafc a general election.— "John Peerybingle" in the " Weekly Times." - " 