SPORTING NOTES. BY "FLANEUR.” The result of my peregrinations to the various stables has convinced me that in everyone where there are two horses, one at least is supposed to be capable of annexing the Handicap and the other the Cup. Some splendid" cattle are being prepared for autumn engagements, and I think the plums will be well distributed. As to throwing any particulars light on the number which will go up first for either of the principal events, my visit was only a partial success. I believe that I have got hold of the proper thimble however, and in a feW days 1 shall endeavor to become possessed of the proper pea. Bookmakers will not lay it, but my opinion is that .it is about a guinea to a grosset that Kordenfelt will not strip during the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. The Israelite, The Levite, and Ishriiael have been backed to beat the field at 500 to 40. Qnintin Matsep and Salvo have been well backed for the Handicap since their runs on Saturday last. St, Odille is nominally first favorite, with Solo, Honeydew, Merrimu, and Xantippe in close attendance. Last year I was very successful in indi cating the horses which could not win, and from those which I considered had a good chance the three placed horses came. Thus early I strike out some, which on the score of weight and condition I consider have no show—Mozart, Coronet, Merrimu, Silver King. Liverpool, The Ghost, Plausible, Oudeis, Bis Bis,Thunderbolt, Dunlop, Andes, Squireen, Marie Louise, Tarpeia, Mistake, Cerise and Blue, and Calida. Xext week we shall weed out the re mainder of those which cannot get to the front, and then we will weigh up the chances of the good ’tins. The notorious Tichborne is back again to his old home at Caulfield. It is to be hoped that liis conduct will be better the next time he goes visiting. Earl Buchan’s name appears in the English forfeit list as a defaulter to the bookmakers. As his son. Lord Cardross, is one of the richest noblemen in England it looks very impaternal to allow the old man’s name to flourish in such a catalogue. In the same list the name of the jockey Xewhouse also appears. It has appeared on several occasions, but, as Xewhouse has been considerably dead for several months, it would savor of charity to scratch it. When Fred. Archer was riding for Cap tain Machcll nothing was heard about the project for handicapping jockeys, but since Fred handed the captain’s colois back the captain has been agitating strenuously for such innovation. Burley the owner, and Enderson the rider, of the horse Bloomfield, have had the dis qualification imposed upon them by the Buln Buln Club endorsed by the V.R.C. English writers arc not only weak on Aus tralian geography, their sporting writers are very groggy on Australian sporting matters. Belt’s Life says in a recent num ber that Sheet Anchor, the winner of the last Melbourne Cup, is owned by John Tait, and that John is the father of the Australian turf. Bacchus Marsh date has been changed from 26th March to Ist April. The funeral of young M'Donahl, the jockey who was fatally injured at Mooucc on Saturday, was very largely attended. Deatli rate of riders and horses this year is alarmingly high. Drummer, a rare good horse, who has been sojourning in India for a couple of years, has returned to Australia, The Caulfield meeting to- morrow promises to be very successful. Entries arc numerous, and the acceptance list will be a full one. Three rank outsiders won the three prin cipal races atShcpparton. Buglers, as usual, triumphant. Betting ou the Autumn events is livening up. Some very heavy transactions may be looked for next week. Harry Haines goes to England. Blink Bonny goes to the stud. Acolyte goes to grass. Hilltop goes to liurdlcracing. Grattan goes to the paddock. Hobart totulisator profit £4SS. Lccs and Farnan strip shortly. 