A Disciple of the Muse. entrancej of his hut, gazing ruefully after the departing figure of a horseman. A look of disgust was on his face, and a bitter feeling in his heart. " Ding him"! he muttered to himself, "I wish he'd never set foot in the hut. He's a keerless cove, and I might have known it. But I never thought he'd serve me a trick like that. What shall I do now all by myself ? I can't read, not having candies, and my eyes bein' weak, and now the concertina's muckered. I wouldn't have had it done for a ten pound note." He continued to gaze across the hum- mocky plain. A slanting afternoon sun tipped the drooping fronds of the box-tree thicket, and lent a poetic suggestion of colour and warmth to the sandy hillocks the last of which the rider was slowly surmounting. But. old Jack saw little charm in the picture, and even when the horseman, before disappearing in the timber, turned in the saddle and waved his hand in farewell greeting, the old shepherd merely muttered once again, " Ding him" ! Then turned into his lonely hut, and seated himself on the bed. A concertina, with the leatherwork torn and broken lay on the hunk, and he took it up in his hand and gazed at it dejectedly. "I never thought he'd be so keerless, he muttered. "He comes here Campin' for the night. and I plays him a tune friendly-like, never thinkin' nothin' of it. Then he asks me to let him play. and he keeps it after I turned in. I told him to be kearful and hang it up after he'd done, on account of the rats. But he just lets it lie there on the floor, and, o' course the rats get to it in the night and eats all the leather. There it is. not worth a sliver now — 'gllar eat away. It's too bad. And me not havin' nothin' else to kill the time with.' He ?-;*t there for some time, a prey to profound juiiri ii\\. ?»« ion nud regret. Such a liit'e'ihing it would tfe* Hi to anyone rise — tlii- -li-ti uetion of the concertina— sueh ai^ iiuj'iTJ uiit tiling it was to him. That uhi fonerri ina — nu-deru bush ie I.TCsiMitai iw of tin1 sljepherds' pipes tuned in the e.ia-»ie troves of Arcadia — had bei-n his sole relaxation durinir mouths and months «-f unhinkt- ii Mtlitude. Tt had heen friend, couipauion. solaue when ho had nothing el^e to distract hi.s mind from the weary contemplation of his me lancholy sin niundintr* and hi? !'ijMy existence. Ewry niiiht he had heen ac customed io pars hours in si iwJv prind jue out lis r-hrii! music, discordant enntsgh to ordinary ears, hut inexpressibly r-wi-rt i aud isootliing to him. Four years of 1'»up jiness had Tended to give the concertina prieeJer-s value in his eyes-. Old Jack HinL'ham sat flier*- overcame ! with p°'^uaut reirret, the broken concer tina in hi- hands. After a time he ex amined iT critically to see if it was too far gone for nn-iniir.ir. Appareui iv com ing l«- n favourahh' eouclusinn, he rose from his seat « n ils*» hunk, lifted a piece of canvas from the siah tahle. t«Mik a handful r-f ia'*!;- iron* th.e i-iok-n »|uart pot, and went outside. With a stom* for a hamiuer, he worked for mere than half au hour tryiug to patch un the broken instrument. Over the torn leather he fastened tho canvas tacking it down curely. ami whui hi- i^sk w»scompieted. made atrial of the r-tneiency of his re ? pair?. Th' kppu corcera he leh was evidenced -n hi- manuer. He ir«z«*d at the eonv^r'hia with :-i look of troubled interest for a iittle time, aud then put his hand? t hr'-usrh the leather tmids at tbe ends. A chriil whe^z' nnd a grunt were ? the only sounds given forth, and old Jack, equally trembling, put th* instru ment from him as though it were some injured living thing. Xay : it is to he feared that he went even further — a et-range lump rope in hi? throat, and unac customed moisture gathered iu his eye.-. ' I-'iie for !' he muttered brokenly, aDd then sat silent and rueful. During ill* next three days he went about his daily round of duties in a curiously perfunctory manner. He fol lowed at the tail ot his flock, took the sheep to water at the dam, yarded them at night, according to his customary routine, hut even more spiritlessly than formerly. The ruined concertina he carried constantly under his arm. not trying to draw music from it, bur taking ii'with him almost, a? it were, from fore* of habit. He would pit during the long hour? iu the middle of the day when the ebeep were camped, gazing at the instru ment in silent and melancholy contem plation. Ouoe only be tried to play it again, and then, when a Ion? drawn our. discord alow; answered his efforts, dashed the instrument to the ground in a fit of ? despair. Fo'jr dr.ys passed thu?, and then aiiev :'dea oi^erc-d* his mind. He could not exist without a concertina. He would £et another. ' Ttfs seventy miles to Barringun.' he \ muttered, 'and seventy miles back. 1 | could do it in a week easy. The dog would i shepherd the sheep whilst I was a*Rny. ] He'd look arter them right enough, and j if they did make awa3* they'd be sure to | stnmo \,uf\z fnr wntpr. And there ain't no I dingoes in this part of the country. Fm i pretty old, but I could do twenty miles a day easy I'll go.' It took the hesitating old man four days to makelnp his mind; but at, tbe end of tbat time he bad decided. Early in the inornirsg he rolled up bis swa^, i cutting a bupply of rttionB inside, and then, billy h?.z.d, made his way to ite foeep-yar^i. His dog, recognising tbei^ | preparations f.*r a journey, barked and ! gambolled joyously round him, but the ] old shepherd, speaking to the animal as j to a human being addressed it in tones of | grave command — ; 'You're to stop here along ot the sheep, : Jerry. I'm goin' away, and you've got! to look after them till I come hack. | Tliere'i* tucker in the hut when you want i it.' It may have been that the dog partly understood Ihe gestures that bore out old Jack's command, for its tail dropped and it uttered a low whine. 'Shuse! Bbush !' said the shepherd. 'What arc ye whinin' at? You've got *x- am yer tucker, Jerry, while I'm away, &nd; so yc ueedu't be thinkin' of comin' with me.' He let the sheep out of the yard, and then walked nil' a s?bort distauce. The. dog followed him. 11 Go back, darn ye,' he said ; 'and look orter the sheep.' Jerry uttered a whine, but trotted hack. Yet once again he skulked after his master; on being driven off did not return, but lay down, whining piteously, by the feeding flock. 11 He'll stop now,' muttered old Jack, and. 60 paying, struck oft into the bush. John liingbam, aged 58, was a hush man from bead to foot, and, though he bad no track underfoot until he struck tbe main Wanego high-road, ibere was no chance of his losing himself. He pressed on steadily, covering mile after mile of the flat bushy country with a dogged perflistence that was almost heroic. ' Towards tbe dose of the afternoon of the fourth day i)e reached his destination the nov.'ly»f~-rasfid border townRhip of Barringun; X*ateas itwaehe made bis way straight to the -one store of tbe place, ; «nd inquired tor- the- article be had tramped fio far to obtaiu. , « Hello, Jack !', said ^ the storekeeper, a previous acquaintance. ' What, a concer fina 1' T baven'.t one left in ibe place, nor ftopordeoi^ ^itiierrTPOj not even ft Jew'g-liarp. Foot it int did you, from Boondal ? A good long tramp, my lad. Sorry I haven't got a c.»»irvH ina for you. Belter iuck next time.' A.id so, turn ing. away with a hnlf-coutemptuou* luugh, fur the poor old shepherd could not quite concexl his terrible disappoint ment, the storekeeper shattered with one word all poor Jack's londly-uursed hopes' and desires. The feeling the old mau experienced was- something more thau mere disap pointment. He ciuld hardly summou words to answer the storekeeper. His long tramp had beeu for nothing, theu ; lie would have to go back without a cou certina. Those lonjr, long, weary days and evenings in the hush without music — what misery they meant for him nobody hut he Could know. Tired and bitterly disappointed as he was, his head sank on hischest iu gloomy sileuce, when h band was laid ou his shoulder, and a voice snuuded in his ear. M Waut a con :ertina, do you V I've g-*t , one I'll seil you, mate. A real beauty.' i Old Jack lifted his head with boyish eagerness. 4 ? All right, hos-;. I'll buy him. Let's have a look at him.' The speaker was the l-arr;ngun black smith. who, having heard the short colloquy between the storekeeper and old .lack, saw a favourable chance of profiling by the hitter's palpable disap ? ?ointment. Under tbe circumstances it was only to be expected that he should put an extemporaneously exoruuaut price on the instrument, and this he did, asking no less than live pounds. 41 ft's got a tone like a Jarp,' he said, in further inducement and explanation to old Jack. ' I couldu't let it go for less nor that. It's that ssveer and touey, a mau as know* about music, and 'a? pl.iyed it said it was more iike I'earin' a Al planner than a concertina, It's, chock full of music, ami '11 play any tune you like. I never knowrd a concertina as was fuller of rattliu' good tunes.' It could hardly have been in cotisc qneuoe of this representation, but old Jack imuiMiia'ely c!o-«?d lor the instru ment, giving the m tu without ijue.-tiou the price demanded. u 1 ought to have asked a tenner for ir.' the hluoksmi:h mnttcud to hi:n-elf, regretfully, a- he p.-'k' b' l i)s- old hep herdV elieqii'. 'The «i 'm-i old fool w -uld have eiven it. for the bloomin' thing.' Xext day, oid Jaek, with his jcjp'huse carefully wrapped in a pi*-ce nf oii-kin, took his departure from the tows. -hip. He trudged steadily o;i Irs way hack for the lirst day and tin- seeond. hut t hen was J '»rcrd to come to a temp'Tary .-i'-jin ige. I: commenced to rain. On tlie third day the sun was h]o:t«d ont, the -ky wii's covered \citb a duti pall, and the rain poured down. The nM man camped for a short time, sbelteririg hini-elf from tiie violence of tlie storm, leu when it lulled i-re.-»ed on, anxious to get hack to his flock. His principal one was for his concertina, lie whs wholly indiflerent about getting we: himself so long as he was able to kr-i-n his tron-.n-.* drv. Ou ti e flftti day h- reached h-un.— '** eary. b -dragglvd. and -riti from pxpusme. But a change had come to his encampment. Tii« little billaloug — dry during the summer — that fed the dam was a minia Wiv torrent: twenty yard.- of muddy water separated him from his but and tlie «beep yards. Old Jack stopped at the edge of the water and looked round. He could see nothing of his flock or his dog. Over come with anxiety, he plunged into the shallow water, holding his beloved con certina high above his head. He strug gled through the muddy current fb'- came io its deepest part barely up to i,.s middle, and had nearly reached the opposite bank when stumbled and fell. Down he went, concertina aud all. He rec 'Vered himself in a moment, however, and, gasping, struggled up the low bank — the instrument in bis hand. As he staggered out, his dog, barking joyously, ran to meet him, and he saw bis flock, hidden before from his view, camped under tbe lee of the dam. Jerry had been faithful to his trust. But the old man. seeing tbe sheep safe, had but one thought uo* in his micd — his beloved coucemna. He ran to his hut ana carefully undid the oilskin wrapping. The concertina was wet through, the leather sodden and flabby with water. Tenderly the old man wiped it with a dry shirt banging against the bark wall of the hut, cleauing the brass keys, rubbing the wood-work and leather. Then he hastily made a fire and dried the instrument, holding it to the flame?, turning it, wipiug away with tender care tbe moisture that exuded from it.. He did this for half an hour, until it was quite dry. Then he seated himself tremblingly on his bunk, and, inserting hi? hands in the leather bauds at either end, slowly filled the instrument with air. Then all at once a quick groan escaped from him. The concc-rtiua would not play a note.— AuHirolasian. V%'ojiAyV'SPUEiu:--T^rri ar-; W- .nun n-jw o-Jii be: snnjnie'i up in S'lnk'-tp'-are's vtoHf : '' To suckle fools an-i chronicle small biier.' Yet ft woman is rcmc- lii-. wotk; for knowing 'no v to bake bread or - cv.ctard, ?.cd is. both these arts s1.)0. k I'lca-lj assisted by jtcFsr=. iz v'zr,. for ber&onvswi-; ?o^*der' G old ''0-^T^rrf Pc'57^er.' With the iorzier f.rricle r'-e tzc-.z bread, cakec, ^ f\ paltry can produc/e) speedily, and with tnaTveHo'i'ly liolo Troui.iej wnilet, with the latter, the ihiuo'jueijdent of the fio.ijcsric hen, and can icakc th«- mu'i ^elicioni cn--tardfi. bi^nc-m^np?';, fcc.. at '? all :h'- umal time. Small Capitaiiktr wisning \\- Kstablifh a Br.Eiiiceb «shouliJ. -ee il there is dti earning for a Al5ner;il Water Manufactory in tfa ir district, Ai! informxiion and receipts for the pjrpose » inakinp Lemonadii. Soda Wate r, i.e., i* given }-revio:js k;jowl-»dge. is wt uw.ehsary Tne t^roand for these drinkfi is 60 much on the in* cres.Fo, in ail par^s of tbe world, that the outlay for tbw machinery in all f;:nj'rs leads to a profi. abie and safe businc^R. Catalogue forwarded / ree, or cr*n he ha.^ dl the office of this paper on i ay men of In. — ftAKXLTT and Fostkii. Kn^i 2?-fb Fnrfiton Bt.rect. London. N. Advice to Mothers !—Are yon broken in yonr rest by a pick child suffering with tbe pain of cittingtecth ? Go at once to a chemiet nnd net a bottle of MliS. \\\r£NSL0W'S SOOTHJKG Syhop. It will relive the poor Buflfcrer ira-. mediately, ltis perfectly harmless and pleas* aut. to tnete. it produces natural, quiet sl«:tp, by relieving the child from pain, and tbe little cherab awakes 'as bright as a button.' It 60thcE the child, it softens the gnrne, allays all pain, relieves wind, regelates the bowels, and i« the best known remedy for dysentery and niarrbcea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winelow'a Soothing Syrnp ii- sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at It ljd. per » » 'e. I'HOB'rs. — An attempt is heicg wade in the old euuntry revive tb« belief in visitant from another world, and many iirethe wonder ful stories that fill som^ of the journals. The sceptical mind is, bowser, Inclined J,o adopt ficrnogo'r. :emark,to Marl^y's ghost '» 'JJou- do 1 know th&t; von are not a bit of undigested bre.'id V' for , of all tbe g^ost pro^uc ere, a bftof ' heavy' bread is the ^jost potent. It is a won* . tierl therefore, thaf'people do* not Adopt the ar-re^t spell against aborts by nsjn s Bprwick'e (rold Medal Bnkinc Powder iu making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will R*g« . hre.nd in the most admhable faflhion, Everv wise etorelceeper haa it by Mm, and very good houiewue b'ujp It, 