NEW GUINEA. Port Moresby, March 6. For the last six weeks this has been a most melancholy place. The sickness among the natives, to which I referred in my last, has increased rather than dimi nished. Upwards of 40 deaths have occured in Port Moresby alone, and some of the natives are now lying hopelessly ill. It is a chest disease, ana, to a non professional, has all the appearance and ™ symptoms of pleurisy. There is also a good deal of remittent fever about. The sanitary condition of the village is of course bad ; but then it is always so. There is nothing exceptionally offensive, aud no decaying animal or vegetable refuse. Large quantities of damp, fer menting sago in the houses have pro bably more to do with the sickness. Whatever be the cause, no such mortal ity has been known since the epidemic of small-pox which raged about 18 or 20 years ago. In several cases husband and wife have both died within a few hours ii of each other. In some families the mor tality has been very great. . It has been confined to adults, and the strongest, finest physiques have suffered most.1 The natives are quite dazed and bewildered. They are too frightened to wail over the dead. A shallow grave is hastily made, and iu silence the dead' body is buried as soon as the breath is out of it. All burials here are made in the street, just opposite the house which the diseased formerly occupied. These numerous shallow graves in the midst of the living are another source of disease. Want of food has aggravated the sick ness. Many lives bave been saved by the rice, which the ^mission haB daily distri buted to those most needing it. The long drought has been followed fay copious V rain ; but it has come too late to save the *? bananas which the people depend on for this time of the year. The look-out for the future is not bright as regards' food. The gardens are neglected, and un visited. Fear of vatavala (Anglicc, ghosts) keeps the people who are well from crossing the hills to look after the gardens. No man will venture out in broad daylight with out bis bows and arrows, aud as to going out after dark, why he would never ex pect to return. Port Moresby haB been the greatest sufferer from the lepidemic, but news is coming in of, sickness and death from other villages,' ajid mere is reason to tear that it will travel ail-along the coast. - ? - ?' The few white residents hereiare well with the exception of tbe neW mission ary, the Rev. Watson Sharpe,' who has been suffering from fever for the last fortnight. . We have no direct news from Mr. Forbes ; no natives will travel at such times as this. The heavy rains have also made the river and streams difficult to cross. Mr. Forbes has two or three very .} --?. ? ' ? ? ? fine Amboyna men with him, and these he could send in at any time if the natives refused to come. , The mission barque John Williams ' arrived here on the 27th ultimo, after a long voyage of 42 days from Sydney. , She was 19 days ofl the New'Guiuea coast before Captain Turpie was able to bring her' into port. The strong currents ana , alternative calms and squalls make this coast a terror to skippers in the north west monsoon months. All the South Sea Island teachers aDd their wives arrived in the best of health. Their flue healthy .appearance and good physique war rant, the hope that they may stand the New Guinea oliraate better than some of their predecessors, but New Guinea fever .is no respecter of persons, and February 18 a very bad month to arrive iu. The John Williams sailed on the 4th instant, taking as passeDger Mr. Ander sen, of the firm of Davis aud Andersen, who started a store here six months ago. They have sold out, and let or sold their store to the Government, j ' An old feud between the villages of Kapakapa and Hula has been revived by the murder of a Kapakapa man at Hula. The Chief of Kapakapa came in to see the . ^.Depu.ty-Commissiouer, and get his con sent to attack Hula. This, of course, was refused, and a Government assistant, Mr. R. Hunter, sent to Hula to try and induce the people there to make compensation to Kapakapa This he succeeded in doiug, and. for the present there is peace, but ' these native feuds are many-sided, aud constantly kept alive by superstition. The brig Currambene, chartered by the . acting Special Commissioner, arrived . three days ago from l^wnsville, after a long passage of 18 days. She is expected to- leave immediately on her return ?voyage. Government news is nil. Since Captain Musgrave left on the 22nd ultimo the Government has been represented by \- hands, without a head, for he appointed no one to take charge of affairs in his absence. ? 