j HER PRISONER. | _____ i \- The chill November sun had been down about half an hour-the early darkness of the autumnal evening wa« beginning to shield the dreary land- scape, and Horatia Hart, standing at the little acclivity of the bill, came to a full stop and looked dubiously around her. ' I'm almost sure this is the place,' said Horatia ' I've passed a deserted mill, six poplar trees in a row, and a ruined chalk-pit all grown up with weeds and briars. And Helen's letter says three stone houses with iron fences around them and terraced down to the river. One is shut up on ac- count of some ridiculous ghost story the second is a Sanitarium, where genteel mad people are genteely en- tertained (only fancy having a Sani- tarium for a neighbour) and the third is Helen's house. Or, stop-Is it the [ second is Helen's house and the third the Sanitarium ? It can't be possible that I've forgotten such asimple thing I as that Y Horatia, a tall girl of five or six I and-twentv, with handsome, near- sighted eyes protected by eye-glasseB, and luxuriant brown hair wreathiug it- self into a multitude of tiny curls and rings over her low square forehead, bit her lip from sheer vexation. ' Watt,' she said, ' it is yet light enough to see. I'll look at Helen's letter again.' But all in vain was the diligent search in her dress pocket, her travel- ling bag, the embroidered strap which held her novel and shawl ; the letter was lost. ' What a goose I am !' ¿nought she. 'first, to adopt the ridiculous idea of surprising Nell, instead of tele- graphing sensibly to her when I was coming- second, to lose the letter! Well, there's no help for it, I must go valiantly forward, and do the best I can, goblins, mad people, and ail ! For it's becoming dark, and I've no idea of becoming a grown-up ' Babe ia-the-Wood !' A brisk walk down the hill-a turn or two amid the leaf-carpeted aisles of the woods, and Miss Hart came in view of the shadowy outlines of the three solid gray stone houses. 4 The middle one is Nell's,' she said, 'lam sure of it. There are red cur- tains at the windows, and the shadows of plants-and Nell delights in warm colours and flowers. Ab, I've found her out at last/ She opened the gate and walked in triumphantly. Almost at the same instant in which the gate clicked behind ber, a tall, dark form arose from behind the shrubberies-a man's figure. Horatia started, and her heart beat quickly, but she resolved to display no fear, and stood her ground bravely. 'Does Miss Stanbury live here?' she inquired. ' No,' said a sweet, deep voice, in low measured accents, 'but King Solo- mon does. Excuse me-but I believe this is the Queen of Sheba ?' A thrill of icy horror ran through Horatia's veinB. Was she then, face to face, in the ghastly twilight, with s raving madman ? In an instant, however, she had decided upon her sue. Fears, doubts, hesitations wer« entirely out ot'tut question. She answered ' You are quite right. And you ? ' I am King Solomon, of course, was the reply. ' Allow me to lead yoi to the palace.' He offered her his arm courteously -but Horatia recoiled. Glancing quickly around the surrounding shrub beries, she perceived a pretty litth Greek summer-house embowered it vines. ' I should like to reBt,' she said, ' ic there, before we go to the palace.' ' As you please,' the voice answered calmly-and the owner thereof led hei with exaggerated courtesy to thi pretty re ti fat. ' May i sit in your Majesty's pre sence ?' he asked smiling. ' because j have been standing out there half ai hour at least, expecting your arrival. But, as be seated himself, Horatia whose quick eye perceived that ther was a lock and kej on the door, an« that the closely placed cedar logs o the summer- house, thickly interwove! with wisteria and woodbine, sdmitte< of no escape, jumped up, rushe< swiftly past him, aud in a second ha secured the door, and was rushin¡ frantically away with the key in he hand, ber footsteps accelerated by th fact that ' King Solomon' behind he was rattling at the door and shakin the solid cedar framework behind hei while he culled loudly for aid. As she hurried breathlessly up th gravelled drive of the next house, bc heart beating as if it would buri through ber bosom, the door openec a warm flood of firelight and candh shine streamed acrosB the laurels, an Cousin Helen herself came out an looked up and down the path. ' I wonder what can have become < the baker's man,' she asked aloud t someone within. * John, suppose yo go and see.' 'Ob, he's all right/ contentedly re m irked thc baritone voice of Cousin Helen's husband inside. ' You always ar«; in such a hurry about everything, Nell.' ' There's someone coming up by the lilac bushes now,' said Helen. 'It's him- no, it isn't him. It's a woman. It's Horatia Hart.' And with - outspread arms of wel- come she hurried to greet her eousin, ' Dear Horatia,' she cried, ' I am so I very, very glad to see you.' But what I is the matter? You look so pale, and ! you are trembling all over.' Surely,* she added, half in jest, half io earnest, 1 ' you haven't seen the ghost that walks 1 the terrace in front of the Tilbury House ?' 4 Ii o,' said Horatia, letting herself sink into one of the deeply cushioned ruby-velvet chairs in the old hall which Cousin John had sei out for her; ' but I have seen a madman.' ' Good gracious,' said Helen. * Wasn't very violent, was he ?' aaid . Cousin John. ' No,' gasped Horatia. 11 cannot deny but that he was civil enough. But be was mad-raving mad. Oh, Nell, oh, John, I was so frightened/ * Where is the fellow ?' cried Cousin I John, grasping the end of a knotted I blackthorn stick whico hung on gilded i hooks against the mantel. 'John, John, shrieked his wife, 1 seizing hold of his coat tails ; ' you I surely are not going to ron into dan- ger? Oh, John, think of me and the I shildren.' J * I am going to the Sanitarium to i beat up the doctor and one of the keepers, ' said Cousin John, disengage iug himself from Helen's grasp. ' Which direction did the madman go, Horatia ?' ' I've locked him up,' cried the trium- phant Horatia, waving the key in the air, ' in the summer-house. He's safe for the present, at least.' * Wise little girl,' cried Cousin John, sapiently nodding his head. 'Stay you here with Nelly, and-* * But we don't want to stay, John,* said Nelly, breathless with interest.. ' We want ts see the capture. Don't we, Horatia?' 'Of course we do,* said Horatia, who felt herself the heroine of the occasion. And so, in a battalion of three, chi» strong force moved upon the Willow Dell Sanitarium. Horatia had expected to see a row of cells iron-grated and guarded by ponderous lot ks, but, lo her surprise, they wero ushered into a c*>zy recep- tion room, where gilt bird cageB,. painted satin screens, and cheerful pictures arrayed in graceful attractive» nesB, The supeiintendentheaid their story with interest. ' lt is very unfortunate that the lady should have been startled,' said he. ' I was realty not aware that any of our guests wt-re at lat ge since Miss Dupre, poor thing, got away. And we are quite sure that she will soon return. It's embarrassing to the neighbour«, very, and 1 must see that it don't happen again. Saunders/ to a respectable-looking footman, j ' Tell Warren to look over the hst and see what gentleman is missing from quarters/ I ' He calls himself King Solomon/ I said, Horatia, timidly, j 'Ah, poor things, they have all sorts of delusions,' said the superintendent. * And Saunders, ask Dr. Wainwright to be so good as to step here/ . 'Please, sir/ said Saunders, 'he ain't in. He walked down tbe patt to try and coax Mi»s Dupre back, at he'd heard she was wandering urouuc and-* ' Very well,' said the superintendent ' Then we had better go down attei this unfortunate creature without him Only, his influence is very good on th patient. That's right, ¡Sumiders, th lantern. Now, Mr. Barlow,' toCousii John, * we will start if you please? And in five minutes they were al gathered around the summer-house where 'King Solomon' was «afet; ensconced like a full-grown mouse ii a trap. * I'll unlock the door and go in, i you'll hold che lantern/ said thesupei intendent. Thev're used to me, an M assure you, Mr. Verinder, tba you frill not find me at ali violent said a quiet voice, as the superin- tendent stepped cautiously over the threshold. * Why/ ejaculated that gentleman, aghast, it's the doctor/ 'It's Dr. Wainwright himself,' ex- claimed Saunders from the background. * You don't tell me/ said the super- intendent, ' that this young lady took you for a madman/ ' I believe it was a mutual n> ¡sunder standing,' said Dr. Wainwright, whose brilliant hazel eyes sparkled brimful of fun in the shifting light of the lan- tern. * In the darkness I mistook her for" our poor, runaway * Qneen of Sheba/ Miss Dupre-and slie, not unnaturally, regarded a man who called himself 4 King Soleoion,' as a hopeless imbecile.' ' I-I'm sure I beg ten thousand pardons/ cried Horatia, turning scar- let amid the laughter of the assembled group. * Fray, don't mention it/ said the doctor. But, after Horatia was safe beside \- the Barlow fireside, Cousin Nell wrung her hands in despair, ' There's an end for good and all/ she Baid, 'of the match I was going to make up between our Horatia and joung Dr. Wainwright. For no man -can be expected to fall in lova with a girl who. locks bim up as a madman. And he was such a rising man in his profession, too-he would have suited you exactly, Horatia.' * I never waut to se« bim ' again or hear his name,' said Horatia, burst- ing into tears of mortification. She Went back to the city the next' day, declaring that uotbiag should induce her to live next door to a ' Sani- tarium/ And thus was levelled to the ground Mrs. Helen's Chateau en Hepagne. * There is nothing- in this world so contrary as the course of true love,' said Cousin John.-Belfast Weekly Telegraph. 