THE STORYTEU.EB. 'Tho Bibs of Death.' Three months before I was bom my father's boat went clown in a sudden squall within sight of home and of my \- mother, who, with tho rest of the fisherman's wives, awaited tho landing of the little fleet. Perhaps this was tho reason I had such an instinctivo horror and dread of tho sea, even while it fascinated, and drew me to it in its stormiest moods. It was a queer feeling that possessed me. When away from the sight and sound of the breakers, I was restlesB and unquiet, near thom I was awed and melancholy, but some craving of my nature was satisfied, and I was comparatively calm. I believe many people, who are in tensely superstitious, looked upon mo as doomod in consequence of this. 'The sea always swallows what it gets a hold of,' they said among themselves with sorrowful fatalism. We can hardly help being superstitious and gloomy, we who are born and reared . u in Callermouth. . Nature is so stern in her moods and so cruel in her ways of expressing them. Miss Ashford, our Vicar's daughter is rery cross with mo, for saying things like this, but I cannot help thinking that even she feels them to be true sometimes during the long and stormy winters on this north east coast of ours. She is very kind and good, and as Bhe is always busy work iug among us perhaps that helps her through. It was she who taught mo to write, and put sentences together so as to make this story intelligible and it was she who wished, me to write it. AVhy, I do not- know. When I told ft to her first I hardly 1 expected her to believe it, but she did, 'Jft and helped me through the badrtime which I had after— but that must lnde.until I come to it. Callermouth is only a ?? cluster of cottages around a little harbor, with a pier and lifeboat-house below. ' About a mile to tho north is the ugly sharp ridge of rocks which Lears tho signifi . cant name of the ' Eibs o' Death.' Many a fine vessel has struck and ground her timbers to matchwood, many a poor, clinging life has been washed off those fatal ribs. They do say that in tho olden times many a Bhip was lured there to its destruction, *. ???too; but I can scarcely believe the grandfathers of our brave follows, who lived by and on the waters just as now, 1 ?? ? could bo inhuman enough to trade ' upon the danger and deaths of fellow i mariners. Only I must say that even yet, while any one of our men would ' risk his life without thinking twice about it to save another, he wouldn't have any definite ideas of tho laws of salvage. I was not a comely lass in tho esti mation of the village critics. In fact, when I saw my little white face, with its big dark eyes, in tho dim old looking- glass which hung ovor tho mantle-piece in our front room, and compared it with that of Bell Can-, our biggest and bsst-looking girl, I used to feel very small and insignifi cant. Sko was a truo fisher lass, tall and strongly made, with a swinging walk and eauey smile, and a ready word for nny-oue, -gentle or simple. The artists who came here sometimes , to paint us injour characteristic blue flannels always solected her, and pasBod ran over. , I was nol a 'typo' ? and she waif, they said. WeU, I TO glftd. 0£ it, iav W;1Ul wouldn't- have liked me to act as a model. Spite of my want of beauty I had two lads come courting me, ami Willie Lisle was the one I favored. Edam (Adam) Carr was too much of my. own temper for me, too gloomy; I was afraid of him, hid the same sort of mistrust of him that 1 hnd of the sea, and perhaps a littlo of the same idea of his possible power over mo. ?But Willie, with his bonuio yellow curls and hio blue eyes and his sunny smile, what girl could have resisted him 1 He brought his brightness into my life, and it seemed to go out like the sun benoath a cloud on the day ho Bailed in the Rowona, bound for China and the East Indies, from the Tyne. All of our most cnorgotic and enter prising young men become sailors, if they do not feel satisfied to be fisher men as their fathers, before them. It never seems to enter into their heads that there are othor means of livelihood than these two callings. They cannot tear themselves away from the sea al together, however they may abuse it. They inhale its salt breeze with their earliest breaths, its foam and spray beat on them, until it becomes part of them, as it were, and they are as much creatures of the waves as the fishes that swim beneath or the gulls that float above. So it was that when AVillo grew discontented with his earnings as a fisherman he went to sea to make more money, in the hope of wedding me the sooner. ' I was not strong enough for 7a fisherman's wife,' he said, 'and he hoped to be able to keep me liko a lady !' Just as if I cared ! Thourrh T was nmnll T wna nnr rloli cate,and I could, and indeed did, carry the creel as well as the best of them. For my mother marriad again, and when she died there were more little 'mouths to fill, and no one but me to do it; for their father was a lazy, drunken good-for-nothing, who fell over, the cliff one night when ho was rolling homo from the 'Old Ship Inn,' and did no good after. Lucky for them and for me, though it seems queer to say it, ho did not live long to be a burden; but we had some hard times now and then, when the weathor was rough and there was no fish to sell. Only for the bairns I would have been housomaid at the vicarage, for which Mis Ashford had had me trained before mother died, but I could earn more money doing as the rest did, and look after the little ones at the same time. The men favored me in the matter of fish, because they thought I had a stifllsh hill to climb, and I will say that nobody was kinder than Edam Carr. I believe he was really fond of mo, and I of ton reproached myself that I could not help shrinking from him. But I was not alone in that dread. Thoy called him 'Black Edam' for a nick name, because he looked so grim and dour. None of the men exchanged groofcings with him wlion he stalked alone past their friendly groups; nor did any of the girls laugh and joke with him. With one consent he was left alone. ? Well, you see, here was a bond of unioiv between us in his eyes. They looked on me as on one doomed, -and on him as one unlucky or unhappy, which means tho same to them. 'Its no use fightin' fate, Elsie !' he would say, looking down at me with his great gloomy oyes ; 'we were made for one another, we two.' But I used to shake my head and mil away, though I dared not offend him by contradicting him otherwise. He got grimmer and blacker as time went on and I did not forget my Willie, as, perhaps, Edam hoped I should. ' The weather was uncertain that autumn, and there was little depend ence on the fish. Some days the boats were not off at all, some days they had no fish when they landed. I got work whore I ' could, but thoao three months at homo took a lot of satisfying, and I often wont to bed hungry aud cold along with them. One afternoon 1 was wandering rather disconsolately on tho beach, feeling low and hopeless, wishing for Willie and better days, when Edam, who was busy in his boat, called to me as I passed by. 'Elsio, come hero and toll me what you think o' my boat,' he cried in a more cheery voice than usual, and glad to bo good-natur.ed when. I could, I stoppedandadmirod the fine, new boat he had jnst bought with the mouey his unslc had left him. ' But you've got no name for her,, I said at last ; ' what are yBU going to call her ?' ' That depends on you,' he replied, looking up quickly ; ' if ye don't ob ject, I would name her ' The Bonnie Elsie'?' That would never do, I thought in a minute ; it would be all over the place at once that Edam Carr had called his boat after Elsie Wilson,. and that she was 'off with the old love and on with the new.' 'You mustn't do that,' I demurred as gently as I could ; ' there's prettier names and lassos, too, for that matter in tho place !' His face changed fer the worse in a moment, and .an angry light blazed in his eyes. ' I'm not to heve yer name, then forbyo yorself ?' It wouldn't do, Edam ; folks would tulk, and — and Willie might be vexed' I went on hesitatingly. What a cow ard 1 was to bo sure 1 It was with tho greatest difficulty in tho world I man aged to bring out my real objection. And yet I was so proud of boiug Willie's sweetheart. ' He's not yor man yet that ho should mind,' Edam replied Bulkily, and thou under his brRai.li, ' Mnvbo he novcr ttill bt-, o!Un.r.! £ \y&n;\ lb.i! cad »'i tho Enn.1iQu.qe, low as it was muttered. ' Ah what's to hinder, if we're both of ono mind about it ?' I said sharply, losing my temper a bit at his obstin acy. Who knows? Ho might get a wife where's bo's gone, mid ho might novor como back at all — ' ' D'ye want to quarrel wi'me Edam ?' ' No, no, Elsie, we winna quarrel,1 he said at once. ' I'm a bit queer in the temper, but I wouldn't like to vox you.' .' I'm goin' to try th' new boat, will yo.venture out wi' me lassie ?' He went on quietly after a moment. I did not know what to say. It would not be wise to offend him more than I had been unlucky enough to do already. There was no harm in sailing out a mile or so, providing he would promise to bring mo back then. But, could I trust him ? His mother, Nannie Carr, had como up while wo wore speaking, and she took part with him. It's not much to ask ye, Elsio, and it'll please him ever so ! He's gey queer to do wo' just now, lassie she said aside to me ; ' If ye can humour him a bit, ye might for ma sake.' She was a kind neighbor, and often tho bairns got a dinner from her when I was away, so I did not care to re fuse her. If she saw no harm in it who else would dare to talk ? Still I hesitated. ' D'ye think it safe ? The sea has been callin' off and on all day. Listen ! And in the hush which so often precedes a gale we could distinctly hear that strange moaning, about which we always say ' the sea is callin.' Edam threw a quick glance along the horizon. 'It'll blow hard afore tho morn, but there's time enough, to be out and in again for all that. There was something in the tone which made me doubtful, but I did not want to seem aj coward ; so before long we wer« out on the open sea tacking and turning to catch the breeze. There was more of that further out than on shore, but still not enough to send us along merrily, although tho new boat was as light and swift and easy to manage as any boat could well be, ? and skimmed tho waves like a bird. ' She is a bonnie ouo to go, Edam.' I said after a little, but I got no reply, Edam sat with his eyes fixed on tho distant sky, and I could see he was thinking something over very deeply. I followed the direction of his eyos, and did nob like the prospect. A gleam of sickly yellow light lay down to the water, but above that were piled masses of heavy grey clouds without a break, save in one place where it was as though a mighty hand had pushed them aside to make a spaoo for the tempest to break through. All around this space was hurry and con fusion, while the rest of the sky was sullen aud quiet. Par out the sickly gleam on the horizon w»b repeated on a gray-green sea; nearor the dark waves were beginning to show tops of white. I did not like the prospect, nor did I like the notion of being out there ou that angry looking waste of waters at the meroy of Edam Carr and his caprices. ' Don't you think we should go bnck uow, Edam?' I asked timidly; ' it doesn't look over well out yonder,' and I pointed tcTthe far sea. ' Leave that to me, Elsie me darlin'!' He had no right to call mo his darling, but I was beginning to be very much afraid, and so I said noth ing about that. But all at once, a rush, a whirl, and a roar caused me to scream out as a squall struck our little craft arid made itjieel over, wotting me to the skin at the same time. As a matter of fact we fisher lasses are not at all brave upon the sea, though it may be almost our native eleniont. Thore are very few Grace Darlings amongst us. Indeed, we hardly ever venture into a boat at all. So it is not to be won dered at that my courage should fail utterly when we began to ship heavy seas. ' ' Oh, take me home, Edam, or I know we'll never win back at.all !' But he took no notice more than to put things right and tight in a skilful way I could not but admire, however angry I began to feel toward him, ' Are you never going to turn, Edam Carr ?' I broke out at last. A suspicion which I had of ton heard breathed in the village came back to me then, and 1 trembled for our lives. They said ' Edam Carr was gettin' the same queer look his feyther bad afore he went out of his heid and drownded hisself !' and remembering this, and the few words his mother had whis pered, I inclined to think he was mad at times. When I spoke he laughed out loud, Tt was the first time that I had ever heard him laugh, and it gave m9 an odd feeling. So you're afraid, ma bonnie Elsie ? It's a long time since you and I wore as much alone together as we are now, nothing but the boat that holds us two on all that world e' water ! Eb, but its fine to have you all to myself like this !' 'Are you mad?' I exclaimed, my thought taking words all uncon sciously. Edam laughed again that horrible, cruel laugh which had no mirth in it. ' Maybe. Sometimes I think I am myself, but if I am, it's for love o' you.' His oyes were so bright and so wild I could not boar to look at them, and his bund, as he took hold of mine, burned with fevor. ' For mercy's sake, Edam, take care ! If ye don't mind. wo'll bo both in the wnter.' 'Au' what o' that? At any rate we'll drows together, and jre'll aws belong to another man.' I clasped mi' hands in an agony of terror. . Ob, what a fool I had been not to have guessod what might hap pen ! I thought of tho poor bairns at home waiting for me now to give them thotv aupporsl and hear their their prayers and fuck them up in their beds, and the tears rolled down my cheeks at tho thought of how long they might have to wait. ' Oh, Edam, I didn't think ye could ho so cruel !' I said between my sobs. But even the toars failed to move him. ' You' have been cruel to me — it's my turn now !' he answered sullenly, ? aa he altered the sail. By this time the lurid gleam had almost died out from the sky and all was dark around us. The wind was blowing strongly and hurryiug the masses of clouds across tho heavens at headlong speed, and tearing at the water until the air and tho waves mingled in one wild fray. How our little boat lived at all in such a storm is more than I can understand. In tho hands of a leas experienced boat man we should hare been lost in no time. ' Do have pity on mo, and the poor little ones that have only me to look to, Edam — dear Edam. 'Ay, it's dear Edam now you'ro in my power, but how long would it last if I let you win safe to land ? Elsie, if you say you'll be ma wife I'll make for the shore this minute — if not — ' ' What then ?' I faltered. ' I'll run us staight on to tho 'Ribs o' Death,' and there'll be an end on't !' What was I to do ? I tried to be false to 'Willie for tho sake of dear life, but it was no use. I couldn't get out the words which would make rne so. If I must dio, I must, and there was no help for it, but oh, it was hard, while the young blood flowed quick nnd warm in my veins, to be plunged headlong into eternity, I gave one loud, despairing cry. ' Oh, 'Williej Willie ! can you not hear me, my sweetheart? If you were only by I know you could save me. It's for your sake I die, Willie but [ love you so, I love, you so !' 'Then die, Elsio, for ye shall never be his wife !' I sank down in tho bottom of the boat and closed my eyes. I could not look at my death, though I knew now it must come. A dull stupor crept over me, and the agony of foar which held me before was gone. Was it my disordered imagination which made me think something had happened which sounds perfectly incredible ? It was getting too dark to distin guish plainly, but, surely that was Edam Carr's big form' I saw at tho other end of the boat stooping over a coil of rope 1 Then who was the man bu&ied-with; the sail in the centre of it? We were shut off from all human. help,there in tho midst of a howling tempest, and yet some ono had mauaged to come on board, and evidently to give us his assistance. No other vessol ; could possibly have approached us while my eyes were shut, certainly not without my haaring it. Where, then, had this stranger come from ? AlHhese thoughts flashed through my mind, but at the time I wa3 too stupefied to wonder much. My faculties seemed dulled, and I could neither suffer nor fear any more. I simply waited . for the end. I could soo dimly tho sharp ridge of rocks we wore nearing, and from which nothing short of a miracle now could keop us. But this miraclo did take place. All at once our course changed and the boat turned from its dangerous way. Then, and not till then, did Edam soem to awaken to the state of affairs. With a sudden oath he startled up and crept forward. When he got to tho figure standing with its back toward him I saw him raise his arm to thrust it aside. Then slowly, slowly, it turned and looked him straight in the face. Ho cried out wildly, 'God help me, for J'm mad now, any way !' and, throwing up his arms, he leaped over board into the seething waves. I watched him strike out when, ho rose, but I was too paralyzed to scream even. He had not a chance in that terrible sea, but was thrown like a bit of floating weed upon the very rocks ho had been steering for, clung there a moment, only to bo swept back by the return of the ?waves. I saw this in the last lurid streak of light which flashed across the water before tho night came, and in it were shown at last the features of my strange -ompanion. Was it all a dream % I. did not know even then, nor did I feel afraid, but as those eyos met mine a thrill ran through me, and T sank into unconsciousness. Late that night, when some of the men wont down to see that their boats were secure, they found Edam Carr's now boat safely drawn up on tho beach and me lying in it in a dead faint. After that' came a time of dull, stupid, misery to me. I could never answer questions no ? give any account of that dreadful o ening, save that Edam Carr had gone mad and jumped overboard, and hed been dashed against the ' Ribs of Death,' and that 1 fainted when this happened and knew no more. But, than, how had the boat boen brought Into port? they asked. My story was proved true by poor Edam's body boing washed ashore two days after. JW long the people looked at me strangely. Their super stition made them egard me now as ' uncanny ' and shun me as something (.hoy could not accoi ut for. Besides, instead of the «oa clc miug its victim, as they expected it t - do. I had been miraculously saved f om it ! ' I ofton wonder 1 did not go m;vd myself during that meaty time. For I settled. jn.| X own mind never see my bonnio sweetheart more. I had not a doubt that ho was dead and that my cry for help had brought him in (ho spirit to my asaistanco. For a while I nursed my sullen griof in silence. But at last Mies Ashford's kindness broke down the barrier and I told her everything. Only for that and becauso she did not laugh at mo, but believed that I 6poko the truth, 1 should havo loBt my senses or my life for the secret was killing mo. ' Truly thore are strange mysteries we cannot hope to be revealed in this life,' she said solemnly. ' Has thou, which art but air, a touch, a feeling, of their afflictions V I would not try to think too much about it, Elsie ; and don't give way to despair, above all. Think how the littlo ones need you.' It was all very well to talk, and I did try honestly ; but I could not help thinking of my boy during the long dreary winter nights, after the children had gone to bed and I was left alone by the gliminerin-j firelight. Then the tears would come, and, oh ! it felt so lonely, and life so sad want ing him. I was sitting thus one night, leaning my cheek upon my hand, and the stocking I was knitting for one of the bairns had fallen upon the floor, while I gazed into the dying embers. How long I sat I know not, but suddenly the coals fell together and flared up into a blaze, and there, on the other side of the hearth, stood Willie, my Willie, laughing down at me, I Bcreamed and covered my oyes. I dared not look at what seemed con firmation of my worst fears ; but in a moment warm, living arms were round my neck, and I was clasped to a strongly beating heart. ' Why, what ails thee, sweetheart ? One would' say you'd Been a ghost !' . I did not toll him then that I had 'taken him for one. The tears were changed into tears of joy at once, and the world seemed bright and gay, now Willie was safe at home ! When I did tell him at last what had caused me so much misery he only laughed, and said I must have let my imagination run away with me. But ho acknowledged to having had a troubled dream, in which I called on him for help, though he always declares he cannot remember anything more about it. I never look at the ' Sibs o' Death' without a shudder and n, sigh for poor Edam's terrible death, and nothing will persuado me that I was not saved from sharing his fato by supernatural assistance. But I do not, insist upon it with Willie, for ho does not like me to talk about it. lie wants my life to ho sunny and full of hope and joy and love, and does his best to make it so, now that I am his wife. — Beh/ravia. 