Playing at Ghosts. There was a half-witted old man-Ben Something, I.think,-getting a precarious living by doing odd jobsoup and down the country-who professed not to believe in ghosts. It was a habit of his, from time to time, on moonlight nights, to go alone to sit on a gravestone in -the churchyard, where people, coming on him chattering to himself, were not a little startled. One night, at the alehouse, a man proposed trying to frighten him; got a sheet, dressed himself, and stole stealthily round the church and out towards him, across the grass. The old man looked on awhile unmoved, then suddenly ex claimed: " Whoi, here's two on no neow I" The ghost turned quickly, and, surely enough, there was a strange black figure creeping towards him from the path he had come by. The white ghost was frightened, and, without more ado, took to his heels, par. sued by the black ghost, whilst the old man, seemingly in an ecestacy of delight, clapped his hands, screaming: " Black on ketch whoite on ! Black un ketch whoite nn I" The white ghost ran more quickly. The black ghost followed at his heels. rapidly gaining on him. The old man held his aching sides and kicked up his thin legs in the air. The race became faster and more furious, till the white ghost at length fell down in a fit, and it was some length of time before he recovered from the shock. The black ghost was, of coarse, another of the alehonse frequenters, whose object was to scare the first scarer. This playing at ghosts had often enough an ugly ending, and one I remember hear. ing many times related was as ugly as any. An old woman died, and her niece (and heiress) sat up with the corpse the night succeeding the morning on which the death took place, watching; ano:her young woman, a consin, keeping her company. They were persons in a somewhat humble sphere of life, and were comfortably clad in coarse materials; the cmnsin's gown, in par. ticular, being made of very strong stuff. They sat at a table before the fire, at some distance from the four-post, closely curtained bed, on which the boly lay; the cousin with her back to the bed, the niece facing her. On the table was some needlework, with which, in a fitful fashion, they from time to time occupied themselves; but their minds were far away, fcr they had begun to tell ghost stories in low, whispering tones. The fire burnt low, and the ashes faintly tingled as they fell. A cinder came sputter. ing onut, and lay coffin-shaped at their feet. Without the night wind wailed plaintively among the leafless trees. There wasa wind ing-sheet in the candle. It was the niece's turn, and she was telling her tale. It was of some one left alone in an empty house, listening to a strange creep. sound upon the stairs. The sound drew nearer and nearer until they reached the door, and then the handle slowly The niece's voice ceased suddenly. Her eyes were distended. A deadlypallor sprsad over her face. With a sudden jerk, tremb ling violently, she gained her feet, backed towards the door, turned, opened it, and fled like lightning down the stairs, and out into the snow. But all this without uttering a word. In stinctively the cousin felt what must be hap pening. She, too, had heard a sound that had at first arrested the attention of the niece-the faint rustling of the bed-cartains, a faint creaking sound in the bed. With a side glance she too saw what the other had seen-a long, livid,fleshless hond stealingforthl. She, too, sprang to her feet and rushed forward. But something had clutched the skirt of herfrock. With frenzied efforts she strove to free her self,-in vain. In her struggles she over turned the table and extinguished the light. In the darkness, with a piercing shriek, she fell, then all was silent. hIeanwhile her sweetheart and a mate of his were cracking their sides outside the house at the good joke they were playing. One had tied a strong cord to the wrist of the corpse for the purpose of scaring the girls. When the silence had lasted long enough, they went round to the door. By the side of it the niece lay in a swoon. It was one of the strong, heavy iron dogs at the side of the fire-place that had caught the cousin's tough gown, and held her tight. The shock had been too much for her though. She was dead. These two striea are true enough. 