CAR M ELI N E : OR .the oospore bride. ? A ROMANGE 0F ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED. ON FACT. By FRANCIS A. DURIVAGli, AUTHOR Off 'TUo Brother's Secret,' 'A lost X.Ife,' ' Fonlciroy,' «tc. ClIAPTEU I V. (Umtinuecl.) \- 'Indeed 1' eho exclaimed, with visible emotion. 'Yes,' he continued: 'I shall .not see ' that fair face for many a long day.' ' 'If you are dotaining me to repeat oompli ? ? ment8 I must leavo you,' sho aaid, ' Minis ia no common-place gallantry,' he answered, ' though you have ohoson to treat it as such. I love you with tho whole foroe of my soul.' ' . . ' Ynfc ronnrfc aavs. mv lord, thnt vou Iff! a wild life in London.' ' I did. I plunged into dissipation to try to forgot you.' ' And you aro going away to try the Bame remedy again ?' 'Not so, by heaven I My love for yon has purified my nature. I will never again do anything that yon would disapprove, for I lovo you— love you as muoh as you hate vie.' ' Hate you— you 1' ' she oriod, and Bhe raised her beautiful eyes to heaven as she spoke. ? ' How can you bo so cruel 1 Alas I what have I said ?'. ? 'Do I really hear aright 1' oriod lord : - Herbert, seizing her hand. 'Is it possible that you do not spurn me— that you give me hope?' Jeannette withdrew her hand. ' I give you no hope,' she said. 'I only ask you to lot me go — to pity mo. FarewoII I farewell forover I If you havo any regard for ms, you will grant me ono boon— forget me.' 'Forget you!' he echoed, ^injl was pro ceeding to declare the utterdwjjjssibility of ' obeying her, .but sho was gwb, speeding toward tho hail at a rata that fffrbade pur ? i Buit, oven if ho had ottompted to follow hor flying footBtepe. The next day ho was on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and mid night found them toseing on tho channel, in oompany with a number of other travelling victims. . . 'No lud,' said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, ''ad X hanticipatod suoh 'orrora as this, I should havo presumed to hadviee going to the Conti nent by land.' Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. ? They arrived in Paris at a oritical moment. LouiB PbiUippe in his dotage had defied the popular will, and a political volcano waa on tho evo ot explosion. Lord Herbert had read tho Bigns of tho ooming convulsion, Ln, arAiTon linrrn'tlv ifrnnrRnf, nf Frnnfth. rvaa unaware that tho atmosphere waa bo electrical. He was waiting orders m hia master's par Jorlono evening. Travelling in company, the formal intercourse of master and man bad yielded to aomething like the familiarity tole rated on tho Continent. ' Me lud,' said Graves, ' there Beems to he spma kind of a row going on in the streets.' ? ' Yea ; a very uncommon kind of a row.'* 'A largo number of people are singing some. think or other.' ' Tho Marsellaiae.' » . 'Hand I perceive,' continued Graves, ' a . number of persons with torches hescorting a aart in wliioh thero aro bodies. There mUBt 'ove been some kind of a haccident — a 'ouao tumbling down, per'aps.' 'You aro right,' replied Lord Herbert: ' and tho building that has fallen, or iofallingj is the Royal house of Franco,' ??Amazingi' exclaimed Graves, not at all following hiB master's drift. - Just then there came .a rattling crash in \- tho distance. . Graves jumped, 'I beg pardon, me lud; but what waa .that?' 'Musketry.' / .'And that?'' Boreamedthe terrified lackey, as a deoper detonation shook tho window \- panes. 'Gannon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the Btreet and take a hand in this , tow.' - ij i ' 'Mo hid! me lud I' oried the terrified flun , ' toy, ' if you'd only hexouse my services on this hoccasion.' ' 'Load the pistols, blockhead,' oriod Lord Herbert. Twenty minuteB afterwards, ' Milord Ang ' lais,' warmly welcomed by the revolutionists, was fighting on a barricade— for juatthen he 'was a professed liberal — and Graves, more dead than alivo, loading his . cavalry pistols as fast aa his trembling hands would permit ?: him. ?' ' By Jovol' said Lord Herbert, as he .- brought down a royal ourassier from his saddle, ' this is what I call 'Ileal Life in Paris.' ' , ' - ~ CHAPTER V. . ORLTNA OBEES. Sws ' The travels and advontures oi Lord Her bert Knightly during a year, tho time allotted -? to his absence, have no bearing on the move ? mont ot oar narrative, and are, accordingly, omitted, ^ At first tlio tono of his letters to his mother indjoatcd to that keen-sighted woman that ho was ill at oaso, and it was ovident that he was seeking all sorts of oxoitements as nn anodyno for roBtlcssnoss. Very soon, howovor, ho wroto in high spirits, and tho countess felt oertaiu that he was radically otired of his f anoy for Jeannotte. He was presented at various foreign oourts, and wrote home long lottors about tho ladies he met in society. From Vienna bo wrote, ' Thero aro many lovely woman horo, but woro Lady Fanny Wostovor at aourt, she would outshine them all.' This opinion was communicated to tho English beauty, and sho thought ' perhaps tho man loved mo a little aftor all.' Still, on the eve of his return, tho cduntoss thought it best to givo.Toannette an indefinite* leavo of absonco, supplying hor placo in tho interim. 'I hopo to reoall you vory soon, my ohilcl,' said tho eountcss, kindly, as tho girl was leaving. Lord Herbert received n warm welcome at Elwood Ilall. Ho was tho pioturo of ruddy health. Long pedestrian tramps in Switzer land, boar-hunting in tho German forests, boating on tho Danube, had developed hie muscles and strengthened his constitution. It was a young othloto who gfaaped tho earl'a hand and throw bis arm around hia mother's waist. Tho day ftftef his return ho noticed, ap parently for tho first time, the absenco Of Jeannotte, and commented on it withtbe'ut moat indifference. ' Do you know, mother,' ho said, with a light laugh, 'that I onoo thought tho girl waa wonderfully pretty. Seeing tho smart French servants, though, spoils ono for thiolt English wttiota and an kit a.' If tho countess was delighted to find that her boy oamo back hoart-wholo, tho earl was equally pleased whon ho found that, instead of overdrawing his account, ho had brought back a handsome sum, notwithstanding tho extent of his travels and the duration of his absonoe. 'Do you know, father,' said the young man, ' that tho example of the foreign no bility teaohes ono to economize? Lavish ex penditure, with them, ia a mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franoe and Germany wo try to find how muoh pleasure we can secure for a littlo monoy ; here, how muoh monoy wo can spend on a littlo pleasure.' Ono important chango in Lord Herbert's domestio arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left his servieo to accept tho place aB head-waiter in a Swiss Hotel. His placo had been supplied by a French valet — Mr. Eugene La Fleur— a keen, blaok-oyed fellow, very sharp and very polito, speaking threo or four langunges besides his own, for he had been a travelling courier. A few days after Lord Herbert's return ha started off on a little domestio tour, after whiah ho was to settle down in London to read law. Beforo he left the hall, his father an nounced to bim that ho had settled his yearly allowance for tho future, and named a sum so magnificent as to surprise the heir of Elwood. Soon after leaving tho hall, Lord Herbert gave certain minute instructions to his confi dential valet, and thoy parted oompany, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in a post-chaise, his course lying through the northern oountios. * * ? ? It .waB the dusk. of ovening, and a young girl was seated in a privato parlor of a. small inn in a northern poBt- town. She waa very plainly dressed but her beauty, as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no ad ornment. She was evidently expeoting some one, for from time to time Bhe consulted a little Geneva watch which hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last her keen ear de tooted a step on the stair, then nearer in tho hall ; the door was Sung open ; a young man rushed forward, folded her in hia arms, kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead and ex claimed : ' Jeannettol my own! my darling I' ' Herbert ! my lovo 1 my life !' ' Ib this not a dream ?' oried the happy young man, as ho seated himself beside her and clasped her hands. ' You got my letter ?' ' I wear it on my heart,' she whispered ; ' and I can repeat every word of it.' 'And you consent?' ' I am wholly yours, Herbert.' ' I only ask for ono year of seoreoy and se cluBion. At tho ond of that time I will avow our union in the face of the world, come what may. You are more to mo. than father, mother, fortune, rank, I' have counted the minutes of my absence.' Muoh more ho said in the same strain, and there was a convincing sincerity .in the tons as well aa the words. Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannotte Wilson had corresponded secretly during the whole period of the former's absence. HiB first letter had remained unanswered a long time, and expectation had intensified his passion. Then her coo), dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his part ; an offer of marriage, whioh was rejected ; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an acceptance on the part of Jeannotte, provided tho offer was renewed at tho expiration of a year. If, in the interim, ho changed his mind, and she continued to implore him to forget her, then she released him from every pledge and would return all his letters. Ho had proved oonstant to his attachment, and now claimed the reBult of bis fidelity. Jeannotte had already written to tbs oountess, thanking her for past kindnesses, but declining to retnrn to Elwood Hall. This was a sort of taoit oonfession of an Interest in the young heir, whioh it was her duty to suppress. She did not send the countess her address. _ - Lord Herbert was determined to make as surance doubly sure. He might still be bub peoted and watohed, and he determined at once to baffle family interference. A post ohaise was at the door, and tho young couple entered it. La-Fleur had been dispatohed in advance to secure relays of horses along the northern road, and joined the pair at tho last station on the south of the northern English ; frontier. The postillionB drove as if their employer I was pursued, though there was no shadow of danger. . Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blacksmith's shop in Gretna Green, then the great rendezvous of eloping couples. The blacksmith had a licence to solemnize mar riages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Sootland. The altar was an anvil— tho officiating priest a grimy son of Vuloan. Fortunately he never olaimed the privilege of saluting brides ; all he oarod for waB the fee. In this eaae it was liberal. Tho blackamith furniahed a certificate— the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannotte Wilson, andLa Fleur endorsed it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping of the bride. Thoy left Gretna Green man and wife ; and their honeymoon began with deception. He turning to London by unfrequented roads, 'they were registered at all their haltingplaces as Captain and Mrs. James Morton, It waa as Mrs. Morton, and not as Lady Knightly, that the bride took possession of an elegant little furniahed house in St John's Wood, a distriot in the north-western part of London. At first she waa dazzled and delighted with the elegance ot the aristocratic box. Lord Herbert bad given La FIour carte hlanehe aa to furnishing it, and tho man'B Parisian taato had aohioved wonders. A ooupo and saddle-horse were at her disposal— she had servants at oomraaud— Bhe was told sho need not eoonomizo in hor expenditures. But, aftor all, this was a oago, though a gilded ono. Hor husband could only visit her by stealth. Sho could not make acquaint ances—and, indeed, the oharaotor of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When she rodo in tho park sho must bo closely veiled. Sho must observe oonstant precau tions. Though a married woman, sho was to load the lifo of a cloistered bun. During his long weary absences, oho oonld not bo oortain how her husband was, passing his time — what temptations he might bo exposed to. SHU ho waa hers. Sho loved him person ally — aho lovod hia rank. A year would soon pass. Sho would then omergo from obscu rity and_ dazzle the world with hor beauty, vindicating her right to movo among peer esses — to bo presented at oourt, Bright dreams, poor little Jeannotte I And thoro was a romanco in her position after all. To bo treated as tho fairy of thiB domestio establishment — to bo petted, loved, adored1 — it wns rapturous ! The honeymoon was prolonged, and for months Lord Her bert did not seem for a single moment to regret tho step he had taken. So tho beauti ful recluso of St John's Wood Terraoe was perfectly happy. ? CHAPTER VI. TROUBLE, From the moment whon Jeanfiotte broke Wild Kate at Elwood HSU, sho bad concoived a passion for equeatria'ti exercise. Every fair day sho rode iii Hydo Park, followed at a respectful distance by a mounted groom, Thongh her face was hid Jen with a thiok veil, Btill tho tleganco of hersymmctrioal form and tho daring stylo of her -riding soon at tracted attention. Dandy guardsmen and ? old clubmen began to enquire after the femi nine eniRma. Tho groom waa questioned, oash in hand, bnt ho was muto as the sphinx. Somo daring young men tracked her to St. John's WoodTorraoe, and thoro learned that it was a Mrs. Morton who inhabited the elegant littlo bird-oage in the oentro of tho blook. But tho neighboring tradespeople wore not communicative about hor all her bills were punctually paid, and that waa enough for them. She never made any pur chaBcs personally. The fair equestrienne bccame tho talk of Rotten Row. Why did sha always veil her faco I . Somo said sho waa deeply pitted with tho small-pox ; others that tho waa a colored woman ; all aorta of rumors woro flying in tho air. Even Queen Viotoria one day raised her eyo glaaa to her aa she passed her in the park. Sir Lionel Lincoln, of tho Oarloton, made a bet that ho would speak to the Anonyma,and even make her lift her veil. Primed with ohampagne, he rode up to her one day, and acoosted her. 'A fine day, madam.' Jeannette took no notico of his remark, but touched her bay mare with tho whip. Tho high-spirited animal bounded forward, but the insolent cavalier kept at her bridlo rein. He glanced round and saw that a group of hia fellow- dandioa wore watohing him. One part of hia bet he had already won — ho had spoken to tho lady ; but he had aworn to lift ? the veil. It floated within reach of hiB hand and ho dared to grasp it. White with passion Jeannotte turned in her saddle and lifting her riding-whip dealt tho baronet a severe cut across tho face. For one moment her own beautiful coun tenance was revealed. The next instant aho had again shrouded it, and waa galloping away followed closely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occur ance to her husband, simply resolving to give up her favorito exeroiso. But the groom im parted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather bo Captain Morton, as they all oalled their employer. 'You , have been insulted to-day, Jean nette,' Baid his lordship, 'I will avenge you.' ' I have avengod mysolf, Herbert. The wretch will carry the mark of my whip for a a fortnight, and I have made him the laugh ingstock of his fellows.' . ' But I must have my revenge,' said Lord Herbert, darkly. ' No man shall insult my wifo and live.' '.How wiil you oompasa it ? Aro you ready . to acknowledge that I am your wifo 1' ' Not yot ; but I oan quarrel with him on aome other pretence— fight him — ' 'Perhaps fall and leave mo alone in the. world. No, no, Herbert, you love me too well for that. There is but ono way to end these difficulties ; present mo to your father as your wife ; proclaim to the world who and what I am.!' « You forgot that our secret was to be kept for a year.' ' I agreed to that, dearest ; but why not anticipate the avowal ?' '? Do not press me,' replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. ' I am not ready yet.'! At that moment an altercation was heard in the lower hall, - and a harsh voice ex claimed: 'I muat and will. see the lady of the house.' 'Let me go down;' said Jeannette, turning pale. Some importunate 'beggar ; I will soon get rid of him.' 'But the man seems to be insolent.' ' I can deal with him, dearest ; I entreat you to let mo manage this.' She ran down stairs. A shabby rough looking man who had forced his way past the laokey, stood holding the servant by the oollar. The moment ho saw Jeannette, he said, in a familiar tono : '? Call your our off. Jle pretended that I bad no right to enter your house.' ' He cornea on buainoBS, George,' Baid Jeannette to the wondering servant. You can leave us.' She was pale aa death, and bo agitated that she could not apeak, but sho beokoned tho strange visitoi into a side room and mutoly invited him to take a scat. 'You've kept yourself confounded secret of late, Jeannette.' said the man, scowling at her. ' Thought you'd throw me off the eoent, eh 1 But I was Btanding by the park rail ings this afternoon, and oaught a glimpse of your f aoo while you was hattfra-3 a row with your beau and. cutting him esross the eyes.' ' You saw mo chastising a villain 1' ' I saw what I saw. Well, you seem to be comfortably settled hore— quite the lady. A fine house— fine olothea— while I — ?' He looked down at his shabby: garments, _ ini uttered something like a snarl of rage. ' I waB not aware that you were in dis tress,' Baid Jeannette, who was trembling violontly. ' I am Bure I am ready to as sist you,' and Bhe placed her purse in his hands. ' I've hoard the parson say the wages of sin is death,' said the man, weighing the purse in his hand and gloating on the guineas that glittered through the silken meshes 'but I Bay that the wages of sin are fine olothes, meat, and drink. Don't you find it so, Jean nette ?'' ' I do not understand you,' answered Jean nette, blushing saarlet. ' Why, how do you come by theso luxuries that surround you ? What aro you doing here ? - Mind, I don't come here to blame you, but to share.' , . . i ' I am here,' replied Jeannette, because 1 ' my huBband has hired thiB house for me. I am surrounded by luxuries bocause my hus band is generous.' i ' I nh6uld liko to sol my eyes upon that i generoun chap, ''said tho man, with adranltcn ' laugh. ; ' Very well, eir, you oan do it,' caid Lord i Herbert, ontering tho room, ' I am this 1 lady's husband— Captain James Morton.' ' My dear brother- in-law,' said tho in truder, offering him a dirty hand, 'I am i happy to mako your acquaintance.' i Lord Herbert bent an inquiring look on his i wifo. I ' This is my brother Thomas,' sho said, i sauting down her oyes — ' tho only relative I havo on earth.' ' l'vo had hard luok, oaptain,' Baid Mr. i Thomas Wilson, throwing himself in a i damask ohair ; ' but I am a gentleman, every inoh I' and ho olinohed tho assertion with an ' oath. ' I'm a jaok-of-oll- trades, but I never oould mako both ends meet. As I before ro- I marked, I'm very glad to make your acquaint- I anco, and— and— and wish you many returns ' of tho camo happy ocoaBion. For throe weeks, my dear eir, I haven't known where ! to lay my head ; now, I eupposo you've got a room nnd bed at my servioo hore.' Lord Harbert aignaled to hia wife to leave them alono, and she quickly withdrew. ' Thero is no room for you, here,' said 1 Lord Herbert, firmly. 'Whan I married, your Bister I was not aware ot your existence. Whon I married your sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family. This is my houso, and ; I must tell you, sir, that its doors will bo shut against you. Why, you can well imagine. You must have been begging monoy of your sister, I suppose. ' No, captain— n gentleman cannot con descend to beg ; but she very politely re quested mo to aocept this trifle,' and ho hold up the well filled purse Jeannette had given him. ' Vory well,' Baid Lord Herbert, ' I will add to the amount. Hero is a twenty-pound note. Now you aro in funds. Got yourself decent olothes, and look out for some henest employment. I soe the rook you ntumble on is intemperance. Avoid it. What I givo you is burdened with this condition — that you aro not to annoy your siater by coming hero. If you violate tho agreoment, I shall know how to punish you.' While Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson - was scanning him from head to foot, as if imprinting every lineament on his memory. ' Very good, captain,' ho said, at last. ' Hand me over tho Simsy — I accept tho terms. p I will never call hero without your permission. I will get myself a decent rig out, and the rest of tho money Bhall be — judioioualy iriveated, I will do no disoredit to my gentoel brother-in-law. Sorry my en gagements will riot permit me to stay and take supper with you. My compliments to my sister I - An ?tcyoir, captain. We shall certainly meet again.' ' Heavon forbid !' thought Lord Herbert, as be bowed tho vagabond out of the houso. ' I have got rid . ot him,' said he, as he rejoined his wife. ' Ho will not trouble you again.' The name of Thomas Wilson wa3 not again mentioned between them, and Lord 'Herbert had almost forgotten him, when, strolling one afternoon through Regent Btreet, he oamo upon an individual dressed in tho extrom9 of fashion, with a glass stuck in hia eye and a lavender kid glove on the hand which twirled a little cane. 'Ah! Captain Morton, delighted to meet you I' cxolaimed this exquisite, who waB no other than Thomas Wilson, as he extended hia hand. Had Lord Herbert been alone he might havo responded, but as ho waa walking with a young guardsman, he replied, free a ingiy : ' Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you.' ' Ah ! indeed,' said Mr Wilson, staring at him through his glass. ' Not Captain Morton 1 whom then have I the supreme p!ea3iuo in addressing?' Bat Lord Herbert and his friend had already passed on. ' Sailing under false oolors, eh ?' thought Wilson. ' Not Captain Morton ! There's double-dealing here. But I'll find out who and what you are, or my name's not Tom Wilson.' And ha turned and stealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion. CHAPTER VII. ' the an.WE and the altah, ? Months rolled on. At first not a day passed without Lord Herbert visiting his wife. Then oamo intervals of sbsenos, dar ing whioh he did not even write. Of course Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself -in sooioty, to visit his home. But then his manner ohanged. He was no longer im passioned. He was often oold and constrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first that he was gtowing weary of her, but by degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Hor oheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faded. Fatal ohangc ! for beauty and tenderness were ber only weapons. She lacked the ac complishments and the graces whioh are the birthright of aristocratio ladies, and if her humble charms Bhould desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had stooped from.his high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than ono reapect. He had broken hia pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts aad duns. His establishment in St. John's Wood Terraco folt the efieotsof his embarrassments. Ho alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tions as the reason for outaiting his domestic expenses, and she oheerfully saw horses and carriagoa sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to havo to press her husband for money, to meet the grooer's, baker's and butcher's bills. Sho know there was some thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. During the first months of his Becret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society ; now he was at every distinguished ball, conoert, picnic, archery meeting. Every where he mot Lady Fanny Westovor. Since their first acquaintance her beauty had : ripened into something marvellous, and sho was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But she distinguished him abovo all others, and hia marked attentions aompromiacd both. Though he never Baid anything to Jean nette about hia soaial movements, the news papers, BUoh as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, ohronioled them. The faot is, .ho was leading a wild, doaperato life, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided his nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He botted.on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. The earl and the counteaa both beoame un easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage aa the-only means of saving him, and they already treated Lidy Fanny West over aa their future daughter-in-law. Lord Herbert'a attentions to her were unmistak able. No honorable man oould bo bo as aiduouB without giving the objeat of hia ad dresses and the world to understand that ho loved'hor. . Yet Lord Herbort never deliberately pur posed to repudiate hiB marriage with Jean netto. He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all the oonsequences, though hia first love had long since g'own oold. Ho had long beon absent from hia ihambors in tho temple, and left no address, ind therefore was without news from hia ivife ; bat one night ho thought ho woald pay her a visit. Thero were reasons why he ihouldnot have benn a single day away from her side, but his heart waa now steeled, and tie had ignored those reasons. Tho servant who opened the door said not i word to him. JIopa3sod up into the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the jhombor overhead. Jeannetto waa Jyibg on ;ho bed ; bealdo her a sew-born infant. An rid nurso, who was present, rose and left tho room. 'Ah! you have oomo at last, Herbert!' mid Jeannette, in a faint voice. ' I waa ifraid you would come too -late.' Lord Herbert loaned over and kissed the shite faco. He was eonsoions-strioken. 'Our child — our baby-daughter!' oon-. ;inued tho wife, inolinlng her head towards ;ho littlo pink faoe on the pillow. ' You will take oare of her — when — I am gone.' 'What do you mean?' oried Lord Her bert, bending over the oouoh. ' Are yon hot loingwcll?' ' I— am— dying,' murmured the poor, woman. 'Hush! Herbert. It is Heaven's looree. Tho child— oall her Carmeline — it ia i fancy of mine. You will not balk my laat wish— will yon, darling?' ' Jeannette— dearest— live ! — live for my sake— for our ohild's. I will acknowledge you aa my wifo to-morrow — you have the proofl' ' Here I' she said, touching the bosom of her dross. Then ahe added : ' Give mo your hand, dearest.' He took her hand ; it waa already oold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel— he was a man, add his tears dropped liko rain upon the poor, thin whito hand. . ' Do not weep, dearest,' murmured his wife. ' Believe mo. it is better thus. Kiss' me I Now good-night I Biby— do not forget.' - With a wild ory he wrenohed his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's face— it waB the faoo of death. Long he Bat thoro in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of hnman, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him. Tben there same a harder feeling, for diseipation, debt, Jistreaa, had eteeled hia heart. ' Better thus.' he muttered. ' It waa ahe who Baid it. Better to die than to outlive lovo. And ahe ia dead. That yellow waxon figure waa onco my poor bright Jeannotte I What a aoul Bhe had I But ia all over now. I am free I She died just in time.' He had tho nerve, that permatnrely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take forth tho certificate of marriage. It was tho little Bleeping baby's birthright, and he waa robbing both tho living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. ? Tben he held it in the flame of the oandle till the last' inoh was burnt to ashes. The blaze scorched his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. ' Good-evening, my lord I' said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of tho death-ohamber. 'Why do you oall me my lord?' asked Herbert, turning on Thomas Wilson. 'Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly,' answered the man. Ho was porfeotly sober, and perfcotly cool. ' Are you aware whom you are addressing, sir ?' ' Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my sister's husband.' ' Prove what you say.' ' It is very easy to prove your identity.' ' But the marriage ?' Wilson looked blank. ' You do not deny that you wero married to yonder dead mother?' ' I do deny it, and I challengo you to produce contrary evidence.' 'You do not deny that your are the father of that obild, my lord ?' ' I do not deny that.' ' And you proposo to abandon the in fant ?' ' I propose to do no suoh thing. Hear mo. I have a proposition to make.to you. You are needy— so, for the present, am I. But I can command money, when I strain a nerve. Hero aro a hundred ponnds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. Aa ior the child, I offer you five thouaand pounds sterling, to tako charge of it— to adopt and rear it aa your own. If you will oall at my chambera to-morrow at noon, I will aatisfy you aa to the payment. I give you five minutea to oonsider the proposition. Reject it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger. ' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to oonsider. He aoaepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did. not oast ono look upon tho face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed whore the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. ' To the Carleton 1' he ordered almoat fiercely, as he sprang into his cab Ho was in full evening dresB, lavender kids on hia hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He waa engaged for a ball at a duohess' that evening, and he meant to keep his appoint ment. But first he muat have brandy, He drank bo deep that one of hie acquaintances stood aghast at his reoklessness, and re monstrated. ' ' Mind your own affairs, Westley,' re torted Lord Herbert ; 'I oan take care oi myself.' He was as cool, apparently, as if he had Bwallowcd bo much water, only the guests at the duchess' noticed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over he! after he had conducted her to her seat, where an old dowager, her ohaperon, was waiting for her. ' Remember, you are mine for the waltz,' he whispered. ' To-night I monopolize -you.' The oroheatra soon struok up the Bymphony of ono of Lannier'a wildest, moat maddening .waltzes. ? ' This is aomething like life I' he whis pered, a3 she hung onhis shoulder, and thepace beoamo faat and furioua, aa a turfman would say. 'For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave— don't you sea?' 'You tall; very strangely to-night,' panted Lady Fanny. ' Do I ? that is beoause I am in Buoh high spirits. You know I lovo you, and now that 1 feel the pressure of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my oheek, I am in Para dise. Are you happy ?' ' Yes,' was the murmured reply. Suddenly the musio stopped. Thoy were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat ho pressed her hand, and the pressure waa returned. ' Mine ?' he asked, bending down to oatoh the reply. ' Yours wholly,' was tho answer, diatinot, though low. The aocepted suitor of Lady Fanny WeBt over ! And what about the unburied woman that lay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John'a Wood? Why did that atill faoe riae among the blooming oheeka, and the: fait forms and the glittering diamonds, and Wax-lights oi the duchess' ball in Belgtavia 1 Whv ? Why ? There was no accounting for suoh thinga ; bnt it was possible to drowna ghost in waves of champagne and Bur gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but oould not '°Twoweeka afterwards theta wis an ariatoora tio marriage at St. Gfeorgt's, Hanover square duly chronicled by Jenkins Post, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly i the bride, Lady Fanny WiBtover. The ' happy couple' departed immediately after tho wedding breakfast, for an extonBivo tour ontbe OoOtinout. 'Happy? 0! course they were. CHAPTER VIII. ? THE BAB- MAID OF THE GEORGE# Years have rolled by. HowhaaThomaa Wilson performed his dntiea to hia sister's ohild?— duties he was liberally paid toper form. A few words will tell that Btory. - When Wilson came into possession oi tne five thousand ponnds— a little fortune— he really planned turning over a new leaf. He put the ohild out to a nurse in the oountry, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her 'wolli. and troated her not nn ' In 'the meanwhile Wilson leased a small public house, the George Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for some years aid a proBperoQB business. His own irregular habitB were a drawback to the prosperity of the establishment, but then his hopaokeeper —an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton---by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out as a widower, ana spoke of hiB daughter Carmeline. At the George Inn the mail-ooaoh stopped to change horses, and wagoners put up for the night ; but that trade was soon ruined by a branch railroad that was run through the town, so that finally the ooncern depended principally upon the patronage of the village topers. When matters came to this pass, Wilson thought of bringibghome little Carmeline and making her useful, ohild as she was. He had a right of pasturage for a oouple of cows and some sheep, and her services in taking oare of them would cost him only her bed and board. ,One day, accordingly, when she waa about eight yeara old, drove out to tho village where Bhe lived, and took her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruel parting, for the woman and ohild loved eaoh other dearly, * (To be cnnthivcd.) 