OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. " I -*?;-1 MELBOURNE, SEPT. 4 The cattle show is over, and now we are having a cat and dog show. It is well patronised, and a great deal of interest is shown in the exhibits. This kind of show always affords great opportunity for clever acting the part of those persons who have a talent for sentiment and, what is held to be, humour. They seem to write their articles by the yard. ÏVrhapsthey nya paid by the yard, and so have to make so much out of it. It is better "utterly to disregard their remarks, and not allow them to interfere with one's enjoyment of the show. No doubt it is a good thing to provide the opportunity of witnessing how much improvement there is going on in the development of cats and dogs ; but after all it is rather melancholy to see Some of the poor things caged or chained. The latest instance of trouble in families is furnished by the commencement of an action for divorce in which the co-respondent is Dr. Rose, the member for North Melbourne. The appellant's name is Weeding, and lia is a baker, and according to his affidavit the alliances between Mrs. Weeding and her friend have been going on for a long time. Judging from the preface to the story, it is likely to be somewhat of the sensational order, if not of the emotional. The co-respondent offers the most absolute denial to the allegations of the appellant. The disappointment of the public at having to wait until November before the trial comes on is very great. Dr. Beaney has been trying to persuade the Legislative Council, of which he is a member, to appoint a select committee to take evidence on the Melbourne Hospital. But, as Dr. Beaney has made up his mind that there is nothing the matter with the Melbourne Hospital, it is difficult to see what good result could come of such a court of inquiry. The council, therefrom, has postponed the question for a week, with the particular object of knowing what the Government propose to do about the hospital. It was suggested that the better mode of obtaining information would be by a royal commission, but both Government and public are getting rather tired of royal commissions, for they cost a great deal of money and nothing comes of them. Moreover, they never seem to come to an end. You think they have ceased their labours and given up their official ghost, but you are greatly mistaken. They show signs of vitality when they seem to be exceedingly dead. / Thus there is the Lunacy Commission, which commenced its existence two years ago, and has cost the country £4000, and has long since sent in what was supposed to be its final report. Everybody supposed it had breathed his last and gone the inevitable way of all loyal commissions, but this is not so. It is in full vigour, more especially financial vigour. The secretary is supposed to be making a digest of the evidence.' ' Nobody wants a digest of the evidence. It may take a long time to prepare ; as a matter of experience, digests are things that cannot be hurried. Moreover, the evidence consists of nearly 600 pages of printed foolscap ! Who is going to read 000 pages of printed foolscap ? And, if the digest can be compressed into 100 pages, what a saving of time to the readers that is to say, if there be readers. The Council of the University have' been composing a letter to the Agent- General,, asking him to send out a professor of biology. It took them a long time to com- pose, and it is understood to be a model of English composition. It was necessary that it should be, considering what a master of the English language Sir Graham Berry is. The Government were defeated, last night, on the question of free grants. Naturally, all the papers, this morning, are expatiating on free grants. Every great many persons are anxious to know about this free grant business. They ask, does it refer to getting advances from Government with security ? Because if it does, they regret they did not see their member and urge him, or, if need be, threaten him, in any case per- suade him to vote for free grants. For the advantage of drawing upon a bank in which you have made no deposit must be obvious to the meanest capacity. They cannot renders land how any sane person could oppose such a proposition. Already it has been resolved by them to form a committee at the next election to compel all candidates to pledge themselves to vote for free grants. It is disillusionised for them to be told that the free grants refer to irrigation, and that even if the clause had been passed it would have required as a condition of their getting a free grant that they should turn farmers. ' Mr. Michie has given way to Mr. Simon Fraser in the South Yarra province. This action has saved expense, and time, and bad blood, and disappointment. The cabmen are sorry, of course ; but then elections are not made for cabmen, although they think they are. Indeed, cabmen, would appear to think the whole world is made for them when they come to six their charges. The only place in which they confess that they are not absolute masters of the situation is the police court. Yesterday, for example, a batch of them were adjudged to pay severally the sum of ten shillings sterling money for overloading. As a matter of practice, they will go on overloading. They always do overload when they got the chance. A waggonette licensed to carry six is made to carry eight, 10, 12, or, in fact, any number who can be induced to climb up. A fine of ten shillings once or twice a year pan well enough be afforded out of the extra profits got through overloading. Mr. John Everard is dead. Some years ago Mr. Everard declared for politics, and was making a tolerably good figure as a politician ; but he altered his mind and went in for tea. He did better at tea than at politics. He was a man of good social qualities.. Mr. Lewis, late pharmaceutical chemist, of Collins- street East, is also dead. He, too, was a genial fellow, and enjoyed life in a rational fashion, avoiding excess on either side. He had lived in Melbourne since 1880, and had interesting re- collections. So, too, had Mr. D. R. Long, another pharmaceutical chemist of long standing, who died the day before Mr. Lewis, namely, on the 22nd ultimo, and. who came hither from the old country 40 years ago The familiar faces are beginning to disappear. The early colonists are growing fewer and fewer. 