Tile Coupon Tioket. By Lukk Sharp. " Well, yen," said tho conductor of the train as he took the cigar I offered him, 11 1 have. Of course a man that travels much has to. Can't help it But the worst case I 'hkd, to deal -With was about two years' •go.* 1 t)f coarse you're heard of the case of Jeffries against this road. No ? Well, it grew .out of that Meedville accident. Never heard of the Meedville disaster? Well, I declare. I thought everybody bad heard, of that There were columns and columns about h in the papers for days. Jitnmioy! bow the newspaper fellows tried to interview me! 'Courne I knew better than to say anything, bat it was prcttj' hard to get rid of the reporters. Well,-ft was like this. I was on.No. 5 and wi were behind time. ' Johnnie was a-whooping her through for all she was worth. Just this side of Mecdville tho brake got on. The air brakes qoicker'n lightning. You see that's one advantage of the air. If anything goes wrong it don't wait till you need 'itn, but it just cramps your train where she stands. You ip^ risk * cranked wheel, but yon can't monkey with the air. You've got to fix that right there, or yon can't go ahead. Still4t5fas an unlucky affair for us. Well, there's a curve at Meedville, and we sent back a man with a red lantern, bat before be got ronnd r the bend down comes a wild special right on as. It was down grade, the engineer lost his head and jumped, fireman did. the. eauie, and before you could stfy JackBobinson that special had climbed half Way through the sleeper. It was an awfal wreck ( Half past one io the morning, and as black as cats. Whew ! I don't care to tilk about that. General thing it's the eroigrante in front that suffer in an accident, but this time it was the rich folks in the sleepers. Jeffries was one of the.killed. He was a railroad man who used to be in Chicago till he got a position on the Central in New York. His family lived in Chicago, and so he came through BOW and then, Mrs Jeffries sued the company for 10,000dole.—I think it ;*u lO.OOOdols., although they generally go in for larger amounts. Anyhow the company claimed he tiavolled free, and held,they were not liable. The company lost the suit before the jury, but they carried it up, and the higher court ravened the decision, and as Mrs Jeffries didn't seem to have money enough to carry it any further, it rested there against her. Oh, yes, I suppose she could bBve got lawyers enongh who would fight the case on speo when she bad one Verdict. I don't .know the patticulars or why she dropped it J I'm only telling you just what I heard, that tho case tbatdropped. Well, tnebbe U'b as you say. Perhaps the company tt liable for passes as well as regular tickets, anyhow I'm giving you my version of it. You see the conductor that took up the ticketB that trip was killed—I was braking then—and whether they got the tickets and passes or not Well, I don't know anything about that. They didn't have to pay for Jeffries, anyhow. The night after that suit was decided I came through the sleeper collecting tickets. In Beat No. 4 eat a man that I thought was asleep. He had a slouch hat drawn orer his eyes. I touched him on the ahonlder. "Ticket, please," I said. He didn't move, and somehow, the moment I touched him I felt as if he wasn't a living man. •«I want your ticket," I said, louder. He didn't seem to breathe nor stir, and I was going to shake him when he Blowly raised his head. I eball never forget the look of that face. The cheeks were sunken and the pallid, lips were drawn back from the teeth that glittered in the light of the lamp I had on my arm. His complexion was like paste, only dark and mottled. There seemed to be a brniss or gash on his forehead, but he had pulled thb slouch hat over it so as to partially hide it. He banded out a soiled coupon ticket that had evidently been bought at a scalper's.. I looked at it suspiciously. It WW dated more than a year before, but it was an unlimited ticket and was good enough. I tore off the conpon to Chicago and gave him a check. When I gathered all my ticketB I sat down in the smoking car to arrange them snd make an entry of the caBh. Oh, that's all right, we do make an entry of it. If a man takes any of it he takes a big risk with it, I can tell you. I thought I .would take another look at that coupon. Well, air, I couldn't find it I No sir; bunted every pocket I had. Couldn't find atrace of it. I went back and met the 1 conductor of the sleeper and told him I bad lost a ticket or else I hadn't torn it off. Said I never knew myself to do such a thing, but 1 might have done so this time, as the look of that man had sort of rattled me. " Oh, him, said the eleeper man," we've h>d a deuce of a time with him." What was the matter ?" " Well, I guess it was the fault of the uptown office—suld lower 4 twice. Finally the other fellow agreed to take lower 12. Luoky it was empty. GueeB bo didn't want to wrangle with that fellow. Did you notice bow he seems to be looking patt you, instead of at you, with those half-closed eyeB .of bis ?" "Didn't eee his eyes. He wbb half asleep. Was his eleeper ticket all right? He gave me a coupon a year old." "Oh, it was all right. Here are the • pnts me in a hello 1 By jingo, I haven't got Old Qhutly'e ticket P Well, air, qo more he hadn't Next . morning when the porter called lower 4, aftere very body .elro had dresBed, begot no answer. He parted the curtains and looked in, Lower 4 was empty. The bunk was just as he ieft it when it was made apl Well, we concluded not to Bay anything about our queer passenger. Didn't want to be laughed at up at the head office. Next night went off all right on the return trip,' but next agajjn, when I went through the coach, there was the same man with the sams sJouch hat in the same attitude. -." Tour ticket," I said with a chill coming over me. He looked tip aB before and I noticed that his eyeB were half closed and that he did not look at me, but past end beyond. " See here," I said, sitting down before him as he handed me the same ticket. " Who are yon ?" "Is my ticket good?" he asked. " Perfectly good." "Then what business is it of yours who l ain. Sour company has made a contract with me. That contract is to deliver me at Chicago. See that you, a servant of the •ooopaoy, aid it in keeping the contract." * Oh, we will deliver you in Chicago all right" "Did yon do it the night before Ipst " We can't do it if you get out of the train at midnight." " My wife and child are waiting for me at Chicago. See that you keep your contract." And with that be pulled his slouch hat further over his eyes, and sank into the corner of the seat. . Hooked at my thumb and finger, where I still felt the coupon I had torn off. It was not there. The porter was so frightened that he nfosedto make up lower 4, and two men who hadjbeard our converetaion refused to «tay in Abe tag. The sleeper conductor himself made -ap lower 4. I saw the •eurUins.elose on jibe .haggard oocupant of tttth. About (midnight {parted the curtains. There he lay with hie boots and clothes on, and the window curtains not pulled down. The lights from the station that we were stopping at shone in on him. I 8tw at a glance that the man was dead. There was no UBe in alarming the rest of the passengers. Our next stop whs at Meedville. I telegraphed on to have an undertaker there to take charge of the body. I told tho car conductor, and at Meedville a couple of mon came on and went quietly to No. 4. The lower berth was empty. Then it flashed on me. We could never get that passenger past the curve this side of Meedville. The sleeper conductor went up with me when I reported tho affair at the linad office in Chicago, and as I expected the manager laughed at me. " I'm going with you to-night and will be hack with you to-morrow night," he said. "Ill take the ticket from that paxRenger if he's on board, and I'll bet you a new hat I'll keep it, too." Well, sir, when the manager and myBelf went through the eleeper the next night there sat the passenger with the slouched hat in seat No. 4. " You can take his ticket," I said, falling behind. " I want your ticket, sir," said manager, gruffly. He'd have bounced me quickly enongh if I had spoken to a passenger like that. The slouch hat slowly rose. \- The manager gave a gasp and sank in the opposite seat. " My God 1 Jeffries ! !" he whispered. " You want my ticket ? Why ?" " Well, sir," said the manager, recovering himself partially. " It is—I believe—customary." " Why do you want my ticket Mr Coupler, when you I now you have it, in the inside drawer—your private drawer— in the safe, at the bead office." " Don't speak so loud," whispered Manager Coupler. " I shall speak louder—and louder—an>l louder—until your company hears what I have to say. Have you kept your contract with me ? You agreed to deliver me in Chicago. Did you do it ?" " We—ah—delivered what we could of you," said Coupler with a grim smile, " Wan a lump of mangled clay the-—-'' " Hush, hush, don't talk like that. You will make the people nervous. The accident was not our fault—the operator Was to blame, perhaps, but the jury exonerated the company." " Very well. I exonerate the company! too. But all the same 1 will ride in Berth 4 until I reach Chicago. I shall soon have plenty of room. A man recognized me to-night and fled. I have all eternity to fight you in." " What would you have us do ?" "Do? Fulfill your contract. Get me past tl>at curve and Meedville." "It seems we c.-iu't do that." "Then I'll just have to keep on try in g- My family is unprovided for. I must reach them and help them." " I'll see to that," said Manager Coupler as he rose. Well, there's nothing more to tell Here's a slip out of a Chicago paper perhapB you would like to read it. No, it's nothing about the ghost—if he wax a ghost, but it shows that railroad cuui panies are not as bad as some would make out. The item was as follows :— A Generous Act.—The K. T. Y. & G. Railroad Company, of which Mr Coupler is the energetic manager, yesterday did noble deed. Our readers will remember that in the case of Jeffries against this road the courts sustained the position taken by the eminent counsel who defended its interests. All that the company wishe* was to establish the fact that under certain conditions railroad companies are not liable for damages arising from the cases speci fied. Having at great expense sustained its point, the company, when all further action had ceased, generously sought out Mrs Jeffries end paid ber the full amount claimed—10,000 iols. Such an act is all but unparalleled in railroad annals, but is quite in keeping with the generous man ageinont of the road, and will surprise no one who baa privilege of personal ucquain tance with Mr Eugene C. Coupler.— Detroit Free Frets. Expected Hostilitiks in Tonkin. _ renewal of hostilities in Tonkin is seriously apprehended by tho Chinese official on the frontier of Kuang-ai, says the London and China Telegraph. Plans and proposi (ions have been sent into the Viceroy for the conversion of over one million of native matchlocks into breauhloading arurt of the most approved foreign pattern. Artillery is not mentioned as necessary, because there are really no roads on which to draw field guns; and as they are clumsy things to handle and carry in a country without road*, und as there are but few natives expert enough to use 6uch guns, it is thought best to confine the use of cannon to the defence of cities and permanent fortifications. Certain deserter* from France are employed by General Su as drill instructors to his troops. They appear to bo ordinary infantry soldiers, incapable of anythiug in the way of imparting instruction to the Chinese beyond teaching them the ordinary manual exercise and the cleaning of their rifles. _ One artilleryman, probably a noncommissioned officer, came over to the Chinese camp and was treated with more than ordinary courtesy, which he appears to have been unable to appreciate. Ho was given a good salary and was made comfortable in every way, but having attempted the honor of several women, he was condemned to be beheaded as dangerouB criminal, and the Chinese artillery force was thus deprived of its instructor. No attempt appears to have been made to utilize the services of the Germans engaged by the Viceroy during the war. A Great Dutchman.—At Bierwic-, Holland, honour is about to bu done to the memory of a great Dutchman wboBe name and whose achievements are probably uuknown to the rest of Europe. This month will mark the fifth centenary of the memorable discovery of William Bnckels, Buckels wbb a Zeelend fisherman, and his discovery was simply this, that Bait fish will keep, and that fish that can be kept, can be packed and exported. Before bis time herrings bad to be consumed within a few daye of their capture. Buckele salted them. It does not sound like a great discovery. One rather wonders that the system had not been applied from the beginning. However, in 1386 William Buckels Baited the first hundred of herringB, and having salted them he packed tbem in barrels. This exercise of common sense resulted in a singular development of the resources of the country. The English fisheries were not bo prominent five hundred years ago as they are now, and Holland bad for a time almost a monopoly of a market which she was able to create and to supply. Buckets bad not to wait five hundred years Is have biB claim to public gratitude recognized. Charles V. had a statue erected to the herring Salter who became the benefactor of bis country. Queen Mary of Hungary, however, paid him even greater honour! During her residence in Holland ehe discovered biB tomb, and, seated upon it, ate .» salted herring. And this month bia fifth OMtrauy if to be duly oelebratsd. 