MADAGASCAR, A correspondent writing to the Madagascar Times gives this description of a tonr up the cast coast: — "I have not been able io givo you any news since last March, as I linvo been in Tamatave, and the French open or sieal people's letters. Once I received two papers two days after tho letters had been delivered, and after the postmaster bad told mo there wns nothing for me. AH my Malagas >/ Gazettes have been stolen from tho packets'. About Tama tave there is little to say that is not well known to you all. Tho French aro tired of tiie war. and are dying with fever likoflies. I never saw a day in Tumatavo without two or three fu nerals, soldiers aud inhabitants'. About two or three weeks before X left it v.-n3 reported tbat 54 French soldiers diednt Yohimar in the space of a week with a kind of cholera. A baud of ' dis- cipliunires' (about 150) were landed at Tamatave, buthadtobo sent back to Reunion after two or three weeks' stay. All tlie volunteers hnro finished their timo, and not a singlo one agreed to re new his engagement. This vexed tho admiral, nnd so lie kept tliem there against their will. It was reported that a French "oiiicer received a ball through tbo neck at Diego Suarez when they attacked that 'fort. If any one wishes to starve let him go to Tamatave". You cannot get a piece of beef except as a favor, and pay ing Is. a pound for it, aud three-quarters bono. Eggs, ten for a dollar. In fact, Tamatave is a place where no ono can stay for several reasons. Many foreigners aro leaving Tamatave, aud most of the French (those who signed tlie lietition) aro praying God to seo tlio war over. They are all saying, ' Where arc tho good limes wo had with the floras nud ' How glad wo should be if wo were British subjects.' Now it appears tbey have discovered their mistake, and regret what tlioy havo dono The Jesuit priests have a good timo of this war. They are sowing disorder in every family in Tntna- tavo by taking their servants for catechism, and tlio women also, bnt tho women go at another timo of tlio day. Two priests, Fathers Chevalier nnd Lacombe, came to mo about five or six times to tako away the natives in my employ, bnt I was at length obliged to threaten to put, them out of my house, mid then tlioy left mo quiet until I left. They have tho re putation of carrying on tho most scandalous doings. They have no children nt school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears tlmt they aro the principal people de sirous of seeing tho war over, as they aro afraid the I'rotostant missionaries will take away all thoir fuliles, I was always sur rounded by cortain people who rail themselves British subjects trying to find out what wns going on, nnd at last ono told me that I hud better leave Tamatave ns soon as possible. I merely replied 'All right, let them turn 1110 out,' 1 next made a trip to St. Mary Island, taking n passago on board the French man of war Roraanche. It wonld require a ream of paper to relate the disorder existing on board of her., I was'treated most shmnofnlly. An soon as wo left Tamatavo an officer catnc to me and ordered ino to go forward, and I was obliged to slay on deck among sheep and cows, and during tho whole night I co-aid not find a place to shelter myself from the rain, and I was wet through. The next morning they kept mo until tea before thev gave mo a passage lo go ashore, although wo'bad arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised me so mnch as to hear the quarrels between officers and crew. It is shameful for France to lmre such men lo represent her. 1 preferred (0 retnrn fo Tumatavo on board a small schooner. After nearly three months in Tamatave I paid a two days' visit to Feaoarivo. From there I wont to Manaharaim, where I was well received by tho Governor, who gave me a bullock, as well as geese, ducks, fowls and rice From Manabarani I paid n visit to Mnroantsetra, where a cordial reception was given mo by tho Governor aud officers. I then cainc hero, where I was received in n manner utterly beyond all my expecta tions. The day after I landed tho "Lieutenant- Governor came down to virit me, and welcomed mo with presents, including a bullock. After my ship left I went up country to visit tho Governor at Ami ohitsara, Here too I was welcomed ro a well-prepared breakfast. How different wero the receptions madn to mo 4iv the Hovas and the one lite French gave me'l At Tamatave I was like an enemy, u spv.fa ghost, aud stiU I was among civilised men," sol am told, and here, where I am amongst bar barians, as tho French say, I feel happv as amongst friends. If ail the fcreiguen in this country had known how to behave Ihcmselrcs I am sure everyouc would find himself liko me, for it is very easy to livo in good relations with the Hovas.' Tin: committee of the Governesses' Institute and Melbourne Home report as follows for the month of December :— Registrations : Gover nesses, 1 ; servants, 8. Engagements : Go vernesses, 3 ; servants, 3. Inmates : Go vernesses, 18 ; servants, 25 ; nnmber in home, ,31st Deesmbv, (US Inrinded. 24, . 