THE MERCURY. MONDA T, APRIL 19, ISSG. -« TUB provaleiico of typhoid fovor in Vic- toria at the present timo ought to bo a warning', to oursolves and ought oven enable our Central Board of Health to learn the lesson which wo, and sundry con espondeots, havo boen seeking to in- culcate for aoiuo timo past. It has been grimly remarked that as our noighbourj in Vittoria claim to be first in everything, it is only proper that thoy should be first in tho matter of typhoid fever, which they certainly are. No other Colony savo Queensland is ablo to como near them, aud Tasmania, despite many drawbacks, stands out conspicuously'for its compara- tive immunity from the diseaso. A great deal ha» beonaaid in Now South, Wales of lato with regard to the prevalence of typhoid fever, especially in 'Sydney, but Melbourne beors away tho un desirablo prize, and secina to bo gradually still further distancing the others. Nor is this the case morely at the preaont time. For soma yoiis past Victoria has had a vory bad reputation in robard to this most insidious diseaso, and has lind an undesirable pre- eminence overall the Oolonios, with the ,oxcop'ion of,Queensland. Taking the eleven years ending with 1883, wo find 'the percentage"" ¡of deaths'nir 10,000 persons living j to have boon.- U3 fo lows in each of the jOolonies ;-Victoria, 6*34; Now South [Wales, 4 92 ; Queensland, G l8 ; South ¡Australia, 3 98 ; Tasmania, 3 67 ; Now ^Zealand, 4*14. It will bo seen that ?Tusmania allows tho very lo weat per- centage from the diseaao, ranking pext fto South Australia, and it will ¡bo found, upon ,onquiry, thati the .very largo majority/ of deaths from! typhoid in this 'Colony occur in 'the towns. The city health-officer, has .called attention < to this fact many timos, .the lesson from which is plain enough, and yet wo oro only, just now, and oven now not without opposition, beginning to tako measures to render our sanitary con .diti ,n at least decent, if not all that' it ¡should bo. It seems to be clear, however, .that the deaths from typhoid are inóreos-1 ing in this colony, and we fiad that Laan jceBton occupies a very undesirable posi- tion, the reason for which, we take it, j may bo easdy discovered by the enquirer. | Tho last report on tho statistics of Tas- mania shows the comparative number of deaths classed under the head of typhoid 'to have been as,follows, per 100,000 of , the population, for tho three years ending with 1884 -.-Hobart. 1882,17 ; 1883, 35 ', 1884, 65. Launceston, 1882, 02 ; 1883, 147 j 1884,104 ; country districts, 1882, 20; '1883, 30; 1884, l8. Thta does not, 'of oourse, show the actual number of deaths, which was much leas, but only the relative proportions . Wohavo, thus, direct evidence of the bad influence of an : urban atmospheio on health, so far as the most prevalent class of diseases is con corned, that is, undor the arrangements which are usually in force in those Colonies. This ÍB proved by tho fact that in 1884 the whole-Vf the Country districts only showed 142 doaths from zymotic diseases for 100,000 of the population, whilst the* urban record of death' from the seme cause was 303, a difference; which ought to awaken us to vory decided action indeed. And, a like state of affairs pre- vails in Victoria, but in a greater degree. Tho presoiit outbroak of typhoid fever,! which is attracting a great deal of atten- tion, and ought to attract n groat doal moro, is duo, beyond doubt, io tho torribly noglectod conditionof eomo of the Buburba, tho deaths in which aro aot down as having occurred in Melbourne, though, aa n mattor of fact, the City Council has no jurisdiotionoverthop^cos. They aro ruled ( by councillors vory much liko aomo por sons «o wot of in this City mid in Launces- ton, who cannot bo nudo to understand the plainest nscertuned facts, and who do not soom to bo able to loam either from oxample or procept Wo had nu instance of this ia a lottor receivol by tho Control Board of Health at ita last meeting, urg- ing it to insist on its foolish and utterly imposaiblo deep drainago schcino, with a want of porcoption of tho real facts of tho oaao which t\ o can only regird na ti lily astoniahing, when wo romembor tho vast quantity of information which ia now availablo for thoao who really desire to learn. On this point tho oxporionco of our neighbours moy be valuible. Thoro novor was any doubt aa to what ought to bo done, but, still, it is necessary to adopt tho principle of lino upon line, prooopt upon procept, in order lo mako tho publio understand anything whioh is out of. tho usual routine. Disease and all ita consé- quences are accepted with a truly wonderful apathy, but changes to provont both are roaisto 1 with a stolid stupidtty that can only bo doacribed as ainazlug Aa the Age most truly says, remniking on the apathy in Victoria, where BO much liai boon done :-" Tho publio apathy is proof against incitomout, the dying die, and tho mourners mourn, and tho visitation ia submitted to as though it woro the outcome of an irrovoraiblo fato." Tina is what tho local authorities, when once they understand the t-ue conditions of the problem, have to over- come, and thoir warrant for insisting that it sha'1 bo overcome is to bo found, not only in the sanitary laws whioh aro as plain as nny laws well could be, but in tho experience of our noigliboura For, what are tho facts in Victoria 1 Why, simply ithat typhoid fever proyaila iu thoso places whore the work proposed to bo dono hero has not boon done. For oxample, in East Melbourne, »hero thoro is good drainago and no cess-pita, only ono case of typhoid feror has beon recorded aiuco the end of lait year. Melbourne proper, which, aa wo pointed out tho other day, is freo from the abominable coas-pit system, also reports only one death, whilst from the other suburbs no IOES than seventy-throe deaths are recorded. Gould moro conclusive proof than tbia bo affjrded on any point? Haro we not in theso figures evidence of tho direot relation butwoon cause and oll'eot, and yet thoro are persons who actually desire to con- tinue the old Btate of afiaira, nnlosB they can got carried out a systom which viou'd make matleip, in all probability, ten times woree than they now aro. Since Christmas last, TOO persons have beon attacked by typhoid fovor in Vic- toria, and 150 persons died in three months. Such a mortality, if duo to any unusual causo, would havo created a panic, and Government would havo boon called upon to spond thousauds of pounds to Btamp it out, and prevent its re- occur- rence. As tho mortality is duo to cautos, which though proventiblo, aro always in operation, tho public goes, on its usual way, andovonresists theoffortsof thoso who soak to mako things bettor than thoy aro. They pay tho penalty,in^puiso and person with- out a munnur/thongh thoy rise in rebellion if shops ure not closed at aoven o'clock at night, or if a tax of a penny a gallon is proposed to bo put upon boor. Such ia tho folly of sotno aud ouch the supinoness of othors who aro not so foolish, from which wo can only deduce the conclusion that tho work must bo done by thoso who know and who aro roaolvod to not, no matter what the résistance may bo. If .it is dono in Hobart, wo do not hesitato that this will bo a city in whioh typhoid fever and the great number of zymotic diseases will bo unknown^for when we see what Melbourne proporJms done and the results produced, wo ought," with our great advantages, to be able ) to banish all such pingues, which aro frightfully costly as well as fatal, from our midst The roiult will bo, most certainly, a' gain in money alone, which wo can hardly esti- mate at tho present timo. THURK aro some delusions which die veiy j hard, and aie the causo of an infinito degree j of tioublo whilst thoy nie alive. Ono of these is, the delusion, so common, aa to tho necessity of one House) under' a hi cameial system of Government, having absolute con tiol over finances. 'Even tho oxpeilenco of (Victoria, where tho question was fought out at ,vciy seiious inconvenience to tho coin-, munity, docs not seem now ¡ to bo remoin beied by Victorians thcmsclveB, and we see ¡that sundi y Sydney journals havo fallen into .similar 'cirors,iand have dtolaicd ,v,ith great 'gravity that coi tain tilings aio absolutely iti no which, as it happens, aro not true at all. The Pi ivy Council has just decided ithrtf tho Legislative Council of Queensland has not tho ponai to amend Money Bills, i at least we take this to bo the decision, though wc havo only the woids of ablief 'and lttthel vague telcgiam to guide us. That ¡decision is, of course, basod on the Consti- tution Act of the Colony concerned, and can I involve nothing moro than a question as to tho meaning of certain piintod words. Foi, I tho Piivy Council has decided ah cady a 'great many times, tliat no aolonlal Lcgls ? laturo can get any other powers than those which aro given to it in its Constitution Act,'and cannot nssumo any of tho powers , or privileges of tho House of Commons as a .matter of light. This wis tho point of a 'recent judgment of thePrivy Council ina case I in which th« decision of the Speaker of tho Assembly of New South Wales was op-' i pealod against, and yet weare now, only a few months later asked to believe that the Privy Council has declared that a Colonial Assem- bly has inhoiont rights of its own in regard to rnonoy votes. Wo eau safely Bay that when tho details of the judgment arrive it will bo found that this is not the point on which the decision turns, hut simply that thó Constitution'Act of Queensland docs not givo'tho powon that was claimed by the Legislative Council of that Colony. In the meantime, we may correct, once again, tho common assumption that unless tho HOUBO has tho absoluto control »of monoylmatters there must bo a duad-lock. * In the first place, itis well known" tliât this powcFhas* never yet been fully conceded by ' the Lords to the Commons, and, what is mole, has never been absolutely and in express words claimed by the Commons themselves, although they aro p'opulaily supposed to have dono so in tho resolu- tions drawn up when the Lords re- jected the Bill repealing tho Paper DutieB. Apart, howovor, fiom the claims of tho two Bi ¡tish Houses, about which thoro have been long disputes, itis very well known that in the United States the power reforred to has novor been conceded to tho House of Repre- sentativos, , and) yctino dead-looks i follow, The Federal Senate frequently rejects and ' amends money bills, and all the State i ' S. . i .Senates havo powor both to reject and I lamond. According to the theory which is, wo soo, again being propounded, this must result in n practical stoppage of tho business of tho country, but the result is not produced, ami, therefore, wo can only conclude that tho theory is falso, and is based on an assump- tion that will not boar investigation. No- thing, is moro astonishing than that tho fallacy should be revived, seeing that the wholo subject has boen threshed out again and again. , ; CHILE NIÍWÍ».-A serious outbreak of cholera has oconnell at Biindisi, 72 casca having boen already reported, including 15 deaths. Mr. Gladstones, Iiiah Land Pur- chase Bill has been read a first time in the House of Commons. It provides that tho Irish Parliament shall appoint a State autho- rity empowered to purchase Irish lauds in' exchange for 3 per cent, consols to be issued at'ipar; , fifty millions aloiling to bo tho amount provided for this pin pose within tho first three years of tho operation of the Aot. The land t to bo sold at the rate of 20 years' put chase, calculated on tho judicial rental for tho year ending in November 1885, Mansions, demesnes, and woods aro to bo ex- empted from Balo. Power is given for com- pulsory sale of lauds in certain disputed dis- tricts, but elsewhere tho aale will bo optional With the present landlords. Tho London Press condemns tho proposals. Mr. Glad- stone, anticipating strong opposition to his froposed measures for tho pacification of roland, intends to address his Midlothian constituents with a viow of onlisting popular sympathy. It is_ said that members of ' the Gladstone Cabinet arc making over- tures to Mr. Chamberlain to re- join1 them. The question of separation of Northern QnoeiiBland, from Queensland proper, is to bo remitted by tho Imperial Government to tho Federal Council, for do liberation and advice. Sir T. Erskine May has resigned his position as Clcik to tho Houso of Commons. Ho bus held tho ap- pointment since 1871 . His pi ovious appoint- ments wore Examiner of Petitions for Prívate Bills, 1810, Taxing Master in the Houso of Commons, 1847, and Clerk Assistant iii 1850. His Parliamentary text book " A Treatise on the Law, Privileges, Proceedings and usage of Parliament " was first published in 1844, and Ima pasaod through six editions, besides being trans- lated into Gorman and Hungarian. His 'J Rules, Orders, and ForniB of Proceeding of tho ' nouso of Commons " woro adopted ainl printed by command of tho Houso in 1834\. The Government of Grccco, in reply to the demands made by Turkey, insista that all the provisions of the Treaty of Berlin Bhall be first executed. ' Exnnisu MAU. NOTICE.-The Orient Co.'s s,B. Chitnbora/a, with tho English mail on board, arrived at Queenscliff1 at 0*5 p.in ycstoi day I Tnr. EASTKU ENauir-MitNT.-On Friday evening tho tents and other camp equip- ment wore sent up per rail to Roas in ehurgc of a storcman, and on Saturday morning Staff.Ofiicor Mathieson and six men fol- lowed to commence the preliminary work in connection with the formation of tho en- campment. Colonel Lcggo states that ho lias mado arrangements to havo tho meat to lie used killed on the ground tho day before it is co6kcd so as to obviate tho complaints mado last year in regard to the quality of the beef and mutton supplied. Major Just is acting as Commissariat O/licer, and, as beforo, Muster Gunner Chisholm will remain in town to sand on supplies and stores as lbquired. The number of men estimated lo go into camp on tho basis of returns sup- plied by the commanding officers of the different corps is as follows :-Hobart Artillery, 70; Rifles, 130; Engineers, ,10; Reserves, 80 ; band, 22 -, total, 352. Laun- ceston-Aitilloiy, 52; Rilles, 120; Cadets, GO; hand, 20; total, 2.,32, Altogether the detachments will number COI, but in order to make provision for tho camp followers and others, Major Just will erect tenta for 020 men. Tho accommodation will bo ro ducotl or increased as necessity arises. The ' site of the camp will be on tho old race conreo at Rosa. ' OiiiTUAiiY.-By the tlomiso of Mr. John Grillith, which took place nt 10 minutes past 2 o'clock on Friday afternoon, ICth hist., at his residence, Richmond, Tasmania lias lost one moro of her old and rcBpeutod colonists. Mr. Giiflith waa born at Graham's Town, Capo of Good Hope, on October 10, 1832, being a son of the late Lieut. C. D. Griffith, of II.M. Royal Marino Al til lory, and younger brother of Colonel C. D. Griffith, C.M.tr., lato Governor's Agent in Basuto land, Capo Colony. In the year 18Ö0, at the oaily ago of IS, ho embarked for Sydnoy, whoro he arrived In charge of a ship's cargo for Messrs. Thompson, Watson and Co. After Btiiylng thero for a short time ho caine to Tasmania to see tli3 family of his unolo, the late Lieut. Valentine Gi ¡ililli, and being pleased with tho colony, ho decided to make it his future home. In the year 1832 ho was appointed police clerk at Rich- mond, which position he filled till 1801, at which timo Richmond district was pro claimed a municipality, when ho wa3 ap- pointed clerk to the Municipal Council, ¡?jill'scrjuciitly ho held the combined ofiicca of Council Clerk and superintendent ; ami upon other changes boing made by the connell, ho elected to retain the odico of superintendent of police, which he hold up to the timo of hia death. Op March .'11, 1854, ho married Ann Jane,'eldest daughter of the late Mr. Georgo Burn, of Roslyn. In 187Ö Mr. G lilli th received a soveio blow, owing to the death of his wife fiom disease of the heart, the bame disease, singulatly enough, to which he has now-succumbed. The disease manifested itself about the middle of last November, and although e\eiy cam and attention was paid by Ina medical adviser. Di. Turnor, ho giadpully sank and expired ¡13 ftbuvo stated. Through lifo ho waa a kind father and au affectionate husband, lind was universally beloved and respected by all who know bim. He leaves behind him a family of eight, four sons, and four daughters. ' , -TASMANIAN CATHOLIC STANDARD.-Wo Jiavo received the April number of this pub- lication, It contains, among other interest 'ing muttoi'l nu obituaiy notice of the late ¡Rev, Edward Minpliy, S.J., who died on ,the4th inst. at Hawthorn, in his 57lh'year. iWo quota'one passage:-*'During his visit ¡to Tasmania iu 1S8-1 he mad« hosts of| ¡hienda, by none of whom «as ho over for- gotten, all of whom, we aie convinced, will ,now pour out their ptayeia for mercy'for bia 'dep'aitedaoul." YOUNO. MEN'S CHJUVTIAN ASSOCIATION,--I The inenibeis of this association held their | ¡usual weekly, Gospel teinperanco meeting last Satin day evening, at the usual hall, toi a large and appreciative audience. Air. E. Hawson presided, and during the evening ¡songs and speeches »cie luudeicd and 'much enlivened the proceedings throughout.. ITlio meeting closed about 9 o'clock, after ¡whicli seveial signed the pledge. t STI ANDREW'S ASSOCIATION.-TIuv thud conceit of tlio season, aunouncod for tliis ¡evening, has been postponed until the. 4th ¡prox. , j Y.M.C.A,-Members of the Litciary (Union aro ícquested to moct ht'.t, the Y.M.C.A. rooms this ovening at 8 for tlio -election of oflico-bcatcis and other important (mattera. I ÇONORI.OATIONAL UNION. -The Rev. Goo. j Clarke will givo au addicsa to tho toachors lon'tho recent Scripture, examinations held (under the auspices of the! Union at tho now school, Harrington-street, this ovoning, at ,7-30. ' » 11A¿AA*R.--A supplementary baxaar of, tho .articles loft fiom previous bazaar of tho Davoy'strcot Wcsleyan Parsonage Fund will be held in'tho Mechanics' Hall, on Tuesday,' 13rd May. i THAIMKS.-Messrs. Ogilvy, Thompson, and Brain, churchwardens, return thanks | on behalf of the Pariah of St. Luke's, Richmond, to Mra Hugill and tho ladles who kindly assisted hor at the Bowing class i and sale of work, tho proceeds of which |wcro 'devoted to a fund for ro-roofing St. Luko's Church! ' ' S.S. TAUANNA.-This steamer will make her anhual Easter excursion to the Ponin sula," leaving nohart on Thursday ovening, 22nd inst., at 7 p.m., i etui niug to IJolmi t oil i Easter Monday night, thub giving oxcur , sionista four clear days to spend in this in- teresting and historical noighboui hood. The steamer will also lcavo Norfolk Bay on Easter Monday at 8 a.m. for Dunally races, calling at difforcut ports. , i DKRWKM ROWING CLUB. - Tho annual regatta to be hold in connection with this club, is advertised in our columns to tako placo off the sheds on Satin day afternoon, tho 1st May. Tho programme appears to ho arranged to suit both sonioi und junior lowers. Besides tho races for members, a race is insetted in tho programme tor all Bchools, and will, no doubt, provo of great interest, as we hear ¡ill tho piincipal schools aro sending crews. 'J'heio Is also a Derby Scullcis Raco for members of all recognised lowing club». With favourablo weathor this regatta (which closes the rowing season) should givo a good afternoon's amusement for lovers of aquatics. I( r / r UNÇIAIMBD TELBGRAM.-A' message ad- dressed to " G. H. EdwardH, 07, Macquarie strcot," is lying at the tolograph offico awaiting an owner. I CONFIRMATION.-At St. David's Cathcdial yesterday afternoon, in tho prcseiiuo of_ a largo congrégation, Bishop Sandford adminis- tered the solemn rito of confirmation to 27 females and 11 males, who had boon caro fully instructed during the past four months by the cathedral clergy. Sorvlco commonoad at half-past 3 with tlio hymn, " My God,' »coopt my heart this day," and at its con- clusion Denn Dundas read tho preface to tho confirmation service ' propor. Tlio Bishop then addressed thocandidalea. Confirmntioji, t ho said, implied thnt each one had a living soul, intellect,,mimi, and spiritual end, mid lieodcd a long time to train and leach all those things. But now they had como ¡Mr years of discretion-a solemn timo, when they carno lo be helped and strengthened by the grace and blessing of God the Holy Ghost for that which lay beforo them, They had como to say before God, who scarchotli tlio heart, that, after thinking over tlio matter, they had chosen, oí tho two paths stretching before them, tho good path, the narrow way, and to give themselves to Him mid His service. Thoy had come to bo con- firmed, to rccoivo a blessing and a gift-tho highest gift that oven Ho could bestow upon them, tho gift of His most Holy Spirit, a gift which thoy should humbly and thank- fully receive, The usual questions woro then put to the candidates separately, and after prayer had been niado tho hymn " Como Holy Ghost, Creator Bleat," waa sung, tlio candidates kneeling meanwhile. At tho close of the hy inn, the laying, on of hands took placo, the bishop receiving tho candi- dates at the chancel steps. After all had been been confirmed, a Bceond address was given by tho Bishop, during tho courso of Which ho said that ho wanted them to soo and boliovo that tho gift and strength-given them that day was intended for the life on earth. There waa always a danger of grow- ing cold; feelings which wero very leal at the moment pasa under a great law of re- action, hence they should bo on their guard. They had passed out of the state of spiritual infancy, and would now bo admitted lo tho highest piivilcgcs of tho Christian church, and so tho first difference which confirma- tion should mako apparent in their liven should bo in tho use of those privileges, Confirmation should mark two decided steps in advance-1st. Reading tho Bible. They should havo some plan laid down for its study, which should mark their wholo future life. 2nd. Prayer. Speaking to Him di rcctlyand immediately through Jesus Christ. Thoy should try anti learn how to pray, and avoid falling into that miserable inistnko that they could pray if thoy liked. LaBtof all, thoio was one great means of grace lo which they had not hitherto boon privileged. Confirmation was absolutely unmeaning, it failed in one great particular which it waa intended to produce, if they did not pass at once into tho ranks of regular communi- cants, to which it was the door of entunico -tho qualification needed. Mon wero ready enough totaltoupany earthly privilege, no, how much moro should they appreciate their great sriritnal ono. When tho shadow of death falls upon people, when anyouo knows that ho ia about to dlo, ho docs and says nothing hut what ho deems to bo of groat im- portance. Mon do not trille away the last moments of their life, and it waa when the shadow of doath rested upon Christ that ho took bread and wiuo, and blessing it, instituted tho Holy Euchariat, and even invited all to draw" near tho holy table to receive it. Tho Bishop's address was a most affectionate and impressive one, and was listened to with tho utmost attention. After a hymn had boen Bung, prayer was offered, and the service brought to a closo by tho Bishop's blessing. On Sunday next (linster Day) the newly-conlirmed will mako their first communion. BANKIÎIII'TCV.-In Chambers on Saturday Samuel Bulgon Pitt, selling machino importer, Hobart, presented a petition to the Court for liquidation of his all'ulrs hy an' arrangement with lils creditors. Tho Rcgibtrar filed tho petition, but no date has been fixed for the meeting of creditors. In tho matter of Ringrose Nicholson, of New Norfolk, farmer and hop-grower, a bankrupt, the Supreme Court 1ms appointed tho public examination of the bania upt to take place at the Court. lioiiBO, Macqtiiiuo-atréet, on Alon day, 3rd May, at 11 a.m. CITY POUCH COURT.-At this court on Saturday the bench was occupied by Messrs. ii. Cook, James Macfarlane, and John Hamilton. A l»y named Wm. Taylor was presented before the magistrates ou a charge of stealing fruit from tho wharf, the pro- perty of Mr. F. H. Wiso. Acting-Supcriti tetidcut Kemp stated that Mr. Wiso did not wish to prosecute, and tho lad was dis- charged. A young man named Smith was brought np on warrant charged with abduct- ing a young eil 1 named Maria Brown. Mr. Kemp applied for n remand until the 20th iii3t., ball being allowed. Tun MISSING MR. MURRAY.-Thc/fti-erina Herald states that on 10th inst. Mr. Tai lo- ton, Police Magistrate, and Superintendent Pedder, of Hobart, reached Echuca, lint in oonsctiuenco of information conveyed to them hy Sub-Inspector Walch, in l'oferciieo to the warrant issued for Murray's artest, thoy did not proceed to Boileau, as was their intention, but returned to Melbourne by tho 4'30 p.m. train. There is not .much doubt that the statement made by Mia. Ryan, who lives at Boileau, that she saw Murray leave the scrub, attired in a grey suit, is quita correct, and that ho afterwards imtdo for Echuca, whoro he visited the Sportsman's Anna Hotel, and then probably proceeded by tho afternoon train to, Melbourne, where the poiice believe ho is at present in hiding. The groom's .statement regarding the purcola being uko suita of clothes appears to be correct, na it 13 believed ho brought a suit up from Melbourne wrapped in brown paper. > , , THE MISSING GIRI. MUSKI.LV,um -Tlio stib-inatinn of tlio Gills' Iudustiial School, Military Banacks, called on Satuiday morn- ing to state that she ropoi ted to the police the fact that the girl MusSolwliito was miss- ing fi om the institution on the day she left it. The delay, therefore, in making it public, rnsta with the police, na it did not appeal in their occurrence hook until tho lGth instant, i DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT.-The man James Tiacey, a resident of Upper Maeqnaiio st) cet, against, y. horn thoro uro chargea pf behaving indecently towiuds, aud frighten- ing ladies in vai ions localities. throughout, the city and suburbs within thelaslfow^vceka, was at vested on Saturday morning by Con- stables Oakes (Ciscados) and^iown (Sandy Bay), ami lodgod in tho City Police-station. Tlicio oio , two distinct chaiges against Tiaocy, who was only liberated a fow months ago aftot undergoing a sentence qf six months" imprisonment, for a'similar criine-. Tracey, it ¡S said, .has since, hV liberation made,a practice'of intorfeilajz ' with ladies and yoting pcopld, and many bf the female íesidontS pf Upper Macquarie" sheet and'neighbourhood, have been afmid i to venturo out of doois unless under the protection of a miiloguaidiuii. Tracey M ill, bo biought up at the' police couit thiv moiniug. , ' ' CAB ACCIDENT.-About half past three o'clock, on Satuulay,afternoon Elizabeth street was the scene of some excitement owing to a pair of horses attached to a cab bolting from the corner of Melville street, land pioceediug ata,fuiious rate down the, thoroughfaio, ¡;Tho vehicle had been hired J I by two ládies.'ono of whom had alighted between Brisbano and Melville strcots, . loaring the other, who asked the cabman, William Holmes, to call at Mr. Stcele's for a parcel. As soon as the cabman left the box seat the horses became restive, and the lady, whose name was not ascertained, managed to get hold of the reins, and luckily held on to them until the frighteiuid animals ran into one of Cooloy's busses, near tho junction of Liverpool and Elizabeth stroets, Tho lady fortunately was uninjured, but the front wheels oi tho cob, the springs, and splash board wore smashed., The bus was only slightly damaged. Tho lady who had loft the cab further up the struct fainted when sho saw the horses bolt, and<was with* some difficulty restored to consciousness. The other lady, \t ho plucktly stuck to tho reins, but whoso identity remains unknown, deserves credit for the cool way in which sho acted under somewhat perilous cucum stance». ; 11 ! ACOIDKNT is THE DOMAIN. - Goorgo Holly, plaBtoror, Patrick-street, was throw ii out of a cart in tho Domain yesterday, and had one of his wrists sevoroly dislocated. Ho was conveyed to tho hospital, where, the dislocation was reduced. ' ¡. i GMNOIIOHV.-;Tho following landholders have beau nominated for the ollie» of trasteo of South Glonorchy Road District:-Thomas William Massey, George Arthur Waller, and Samuel Smith. A pull will be taken at Coolcy'B Hotel on Wednesday, 21st inst. MUNICIPALITY OP GLAMORGAN.-From tho 21nt Apiil to the 2Bth has been fixod as tho period for receiving nominations for tho vacancy in tho Council of Glamorgan caused by tho losignation of Mr. Hem y Lyno, of Coomb Ends. ? BOTHWELL ROAB DISTRICT.-Tho rotirlng tiuatecs, McBsra. Win. Langdon, Frederick MoDowall, and Edward Nicholas, have hoon nominated for io olcction to the Bothwell Road Disti ict. PROPOSED MILITARY BAISD.-A mooting l of tho instrumentalists desirous of forminE a private military band,-will bo' held atino' British Hotel, on '.Tuesday ." evening, ' at 8 o'clock. Members of tho lato Metropolitan 1 Band oro especially invited. SPORTIKO.-Accoptancea for éventa to ho run at Moubiny on Easter Monday under the auspices of the Tasmanian Turf Club (Launceston) closo to-day nt 4 p.m. Tlio foo in each raco is lsov. Up till to-morrow, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, Mesars. E. P. . Wilson, Hobart, and J, Ii. Curran, Laun- ceston, will reeeivo entries for tho May meet of the Tasmanian Racing Club. Entries aro to bo mado for the Hurdle Race, Autumn Handicap, Stoopli'ohuso, Flying Handicap, -and Free Handicap. Nominations arc duo to-night for tho Local Huidlo Kaco, of l.'fsovs., about 2 milos, and Aluiilon Race, of lOsovs., w.f.n., I milo, twovf tlio live races te bo brought off nt DiiimllyAv«. Kastei- Mon- day. Horses nominated {¡.. . theso ovsnts must hnvo been owned by residents- of Sorell district six months prior lo tho 2Cth April next. THE CHOPPING CHAMPIONSHIP. - There was much excitement in the Huon district on Saturday, in consequence of the match for the chopping championship of the colony which had been announced to come off at the Longley Hotel, Leslie, during the aftcr noon, between Edward Murray, the re- puted champion of Tasmania, and Daniel Edmund Vince, who has also a great reputa- tion with the axe. The match was for £40 a-side, and it was understood that the cham- pionship should also go with the result, the men never having met before, and each having an almost unbroken list of conquests to his credit over other competitors. Both men are natives of the colony. Vince is a native of Bagdad, and is 28 years of age, standing 6ft 1in in height, and weighing 13 stone. He is a farmer and bushman, re- sident at Longley, and has won eight matches, losing one by a handicap of 2min. given his opponent. Murray was born at Pittwater, is 35 years of age, is 5ft 10in in height, and weighs 12st. 6lb. He is em- ployed getting logs for Ford and Harris, at their mills, Garden Island Creek, and has won eight matches, losing one when his axe broke. Many efforts have boen made to bring the men to gether without avail, the terms being difficult to fix. Murray wanted a 4ft. log, and Vince has only been in the habit of chopping a 2ft. log. However, at length an agreement was come to that a log 3ft. in diameter should bo the test, and the match was made. The log was lying at Longley on Saturday in front of the hotel, shaved down to the necessary diameter, and though some regarded it as being, what ia called by woodmen, rather dozy (or sleepy) at one end it waa allowed to hu a' fair ono for both men. About 3 o'clock a brief business meet- ing was held nt the hotel. Mr. W, G. Weaver occupied the chair, and having apologised for the unavoidable uhsonro or Mr. W. Wobster, who had done much to plomólo the match, ho waa appointed stake- holder by tiioso picaent. Mr. f»co. Roberts wits appointed umpiro for Vince, and Mr. E. G. Ford umpire for Murray, Mr. James Dance roforeo, mid' Mr. Frank Webster timekeeper. Thura «ero by this time closo upon COO people present, tho coaches and vnhiclea of all descriptions having bronght thuin from Hobart, Gooves Town, Poit Cygnet, Gurdon Island Creek, and otllof parts of tho Huon. The men stripped - about 4 o'clock, and tho usual in- tense interest waa shown in tho mutch, caoh man's supporters doing bia best lo urge.. . lum on to freah exertions, and cheering every good stroke. Tlio chips How moirily in all diiections, mid at length Vinco got through his log first, in 17min. and Gscc, Murray being about lmin. behind, although Vinco had spoiled his time by trying lo chop barefooted at first, and so slipped tinco times off Lia log. A protest was laid on be- half of Mm ray, on the ground that one of the men clearing away Vince'« chips had re- leased his axe when it got caught, but na tliero waa no stipulation on the point, it ia not likely to bo upheld in the opinion of judges. The siálica, however, wore with- held till this morning, when tho judges decision will be foiniully given. Should they think it desirable, Vince « backers uro willing for him to chop nguiu for twice the alun already competed for. The time on .Saturday was no1 nearly as good as sonic tho competitors havo recorded at their trials. i TUUATUI: ROYAL.-Tho Holloway drama- tic season carno to au omi on .Saturday evening, when Shakespeare's Much Ado Ahmd Nothing was given for the second time in the presence of another largo audi- ence, and with a repetition of the BUOCCSS and approval which attended ita first topic sontation on Friday for Ali-. Holloway'a benefit. At the conclusion of tho perform anco Mr, Holloway briefly addioBsod tho audience, thanking the people of Ilobatt for thoaiippoitgiven him dining tho season, mid referring to the pieces produced during ita pi ogress. Tho season had, ho was glad to say, been a financial success, and it reflected great credit on the taste of the peoploof Jlobait that tho Shiikespcriun pro- ductions had boen most sucoessftit. ] le had been absent for six yoius from Hobart, but hoped not to bo away for so long a time again. J fo had always endeavoured to malu his plays not only cntoilainiiig but intellec- tual, and ho hoped some day to say as mut al us anything that was dono in the Chinch. He thanked Hie Press, who had to criticise their efforts, and could assure them that when the actois failed it wits front no lack of effort ou their part. Mr. Holloway was frequently applauded during hia remarks, and when tho curtain fell tin ce cheers wero givon for him, " Auld Lang Syno " boiug played by Iho orchestra. i PRKSI'NTATION.-Beforo loaviiig Hobart Mr. H. R, Jowott, whoso perfornmnceB with Mr. lfolloway'a company havo gained bim many admiréis in tho city, wits pieaented with a gold buckle diamond ling, IIB a token of their esteem mid friendship. I POLLARD'S LILLIPUTIANS.-This troupe is announced to appear at Oatlands for four nights dm lug tho pi osent week, commencing this oveuing with Patience. ' Oatlands resi- dents will have a moat unusual treat in tho appearance of this popular company, and especially as the popular prices oro to bo the order of the day,, On Easter Monday tho company will conmiènco tholr Hobait' season, ". , THOMPSON'S DIORAMA.,-This diorama, which is illustrative of the Soudon.War and Nilo Expedition, will open at tho Theatre ' Royal this evening. The canvas covers favCr 5,000ft., and is leplelo with thrilling inci- dents and mechanical effects. The scones ' include the bombardment of Alexandria, the death of Goncial Gordon,.fall of Khartoum,^ and tho embarkation of the N.S.W. troops,' Showing Sydney harbour by day and night. ' Tho panorama will bo described by Pro- ' fessor Mansfield,' anti as an additional'at li action a li bei al diBtiibutioii of valuable gifts is announced for each night ' \GLAHSBLOWINO EXHIBÍ UON.-Wootlrofle's popular glaaslflowing exhibition will < open at tho Town Hall this ovoning. Professor ii Woodroffe, assisted by talented 'lady wolkara, willlilllistrato fancy and philoso-'. pliioal glassblowmg, spinning and working in all its varieties. Two steam onginCB, made ontirèly; oí glass, will bo kopt in con- stant opération' . An entciisivo and valuable ¡collection of woiks of mt in glass will 'be fratuitously disliibutcd at caoh exhibition. . 'his exhibition is uniqito in its kind, and. (haa attained a world wide reputation. . CIRCUS LUT.-Li tho Melbouino District .Court on tho 13th, hist.,, Mr. Matthews» circus proprietor, was summoned by ' a, lad ¡named Robert Leo, aged 10, for £0 wages, autl 'for the, illegal detention of some per- forming propoi tics, including a globe,, and a quantity of knives and balls. A Mel&ourno; paper says :-"The boy lina becn/in tho circus profession ovorBineoho was four years , old. Ho belongs to a family well-known ''through tho United States and Australia. Tlicy carno to Melhourno with SignCr 'Chiarini. Tho father and. mo thor wera with; them, hut both diod.i leaving four orphans,', i three boys and a girl. One of tho boys is' j with Walhalla's Circus. The present, plain- > ¡tiff was engaged with Matthows' Circus at j£3 a wbok, and ho now sued for two wooka' ¡salary. Matthews did not appear. ItBComs that plaintiff loft against the wish of Mat jthows to join Walhalla's Circus, ;and Matthows refused to pay him, anti~-kept ¡tho -properties.' Tho Tritio boy's business1 lis juggling on horseback and general acro batism. Ho maintains a brother a»d sister^ ,in Sydney, paying 7B. a week forYeaqJv. ¡besides paying for their clothes. Mr. lautour19 waa evidently struck with tho intelligence and good conduct of this littlo fellow fighting his own way through tho world. There being no defence, a verdict was given for, I plaintiff for tho restoration of tho effects, 'and payment of £0 wages, with X2 2s. costs,", jThis lad, by the way, is the " Mademoiselle; ¡Viotoria" who wa3 the popular attraction at the circus during the lecent Tasmanian tour. i 