SPORTING NOTES. THE TURF Victoria Racino Clou smtino Meeting. Deiuit (First) Day. (fiioji our own correspondent.) Melbourne. 30tli October. The promises of the previous day of glorious weather for the V,R.C. Spring- Meeting were scarcely realised to-day, as the morniug broke hot and dusty, a murky sky and fierce northerly wind, while rain appeared n possibility of the afteruoou. By one o'clock however, tbesnu shone through, making the prospect brighter, but the northerly wiud continued, and in the exposed portions of the grounds tho heat was oppres sive. The attendance was, howevor, exceptionally large and distinguished, including the visitors from Uovernment House, who arrived in time for the first race; the party comprising llis Excellency and Lady Loch, His Excelleuoy Lord C.irriugton, Governor of New South Wales, and Lady Carrington; His Excel lency Sir George Stratum, Governor of Tasmania; and His Excelleucy Sir "William Robinson, Governor of South Australia. The course was in good going order, ahd its condition caused the betting to liven up considerably in the paddock. ... . ;;; - The events for tho day were the Melbourne Stakes. Hothani Handicap, The Maribymong Plate, Tho Victoria Derby, Selling llace, arid Coburg Stakes, and in connection with tho groat race of tbe day the winner was invested with a bow of ribbon and paraded on the lawn, tuns for tho first time making the Derby veritably The Blue Riband of the Turf." The added money for tbe meeting is as follows£1,000 added to tho Maribyrnong Plate, £*2,000 added to tho Melbourne Cup, and tho total addod money for tho week £8,875. During the day tho Australian Military Baud, under, otgnor Zeliuau, performed ou the lawn, discoursing new music specially'imported for the occasion. la every way the comniitteo was mindful of the com fort of visitors, and many alterations and improvements wore noticeable. The ladies' retiring- and refreshment rooms Have been materially added to, and considerable additions made to tlio stand accommodation. The new Maribyrnong stand, 250 feet Ions, was opened for tbe nrst tune;. aud undornoath this stand numerous luncheon parties fouml great convenience in the tables and forms provided for tlieir comfort, while the ad ditions to the upper and lower grandstands will uot be tested as to their holdiug capacity until Tuesday next. Another stand fronting the saddling paddock G00 feet in length, and named the Newmarket Terrace, was opened for the first time, and was largely availed of. It provides accommodation for 8,WO persons i he additions made to the Telegraph Offico used by" tho public also proved a great convenience, although considerable crushing was still noticeable. While these improvements , for the benefit of the stand, lawn and paddock were made, tho hill had not been overlooked. * ,UC,T. grandstand . has been built capable . holding 5,000 with luncheon rooms beneath. Ihis is oortainly the fluest stand at Tlemingtqn, aud tho host from which to see tl)e raoe, ti10' yjew Wng magnificent, overlooking upper stand, lawn, paddook, • carriage paddock, reservos and course. Extra facili ties were afforded for reaching aud loaving tho course, and from an early hour in the'morning tickets were sold at special offices in the city, s. as to prevent crushing at the Spencer-street hooking offices. There was, as usual, a great strain ou tho resources of the Railway department, but, considering that a much larger number of people travelled by rail than on previous years, there was some slight improvement, although matters in this direction are not yet as satis factory as they might he. In addition to the many other improvements there was a new road opened for ( the first time, aud by this vehicles from town proceeded to the course, the road being kept well watered from the Post Office to the lawn. The first eveut on the card, the Melbourne Stakes with 300 added money, a weight-for-age race, brought out 10 starters, Isonomy being the favorite at 3 to After a magnificent-race homo aide by side, the event resulted in a dead heat between Isouomy and Boolka, and it was decided to adopt the nnugual course of running off after the last race. In tho Hotham Handicap 1-i faced the starter, and the eveut was easily appro priated by an 8 to 1 horso, Claptrap,who won hard hold from tbe favorite, Hexham. The flutter for the Maribyr nong Plate brought out 18 muners.and after a splendidly contested race the winner turned up in Hortense, the favorites being nowherei 'Next cam® the o?ojjt of the day, tho Victoria Derby, for which there were seven starters. The favorite Trideut, although he appeared beaten on entering the straight, overhauled Chesbam and won easily. The evout was made what it should be, the "Blue Ribaud of the Turf," and Trident was adorned with a blue collar sash andbew,the inevitable beiug performed by Mr Harry Smith, the acting hon. : secretary, after which tho wiuuer was paraded on' the lawn, amidst the plaudits of tbe spectators, the Aus tralian Baud rendering "See the conquering hero comes." The following were tho events Mklroukxk Stakes.—A sweepstake of 5 sovs. each; 1 ft., with .'J00 added; second horse to receive 50 govs, out of thostake. Fox* three years old and upwards, eight for age. Que milo and a quarter. Mr. M. Locko's be Isouomy (Quinn) t Mx% S. Miller's br b Boolka, aged 9sfc 41bs (Olds) ,f Mr. W, E. Boyd's be Bravo, 7st lllbs .. (Gallagher) '3 The starters were—Sheet Anchor, Boolka, Isonomy, | Grace Darling, Industry, Menotti, Lord William; j Bravo,'lamaridk and Crossfire. Latest batting: 3 to i 1 Isouomy,-t to 1 Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 Industry-or* I Crossfire, 0 to 1 Tamarisk, 8 to 1 Graco Darling or Bravo, 10 to 1 Boolka or Lord William, 20 to 1 Meuotti. Homo difilc^lty wrjs espej-jquced i^ getting them away, Isonomy and Industry making eoverql fals9"staris. Boolka was also fractious. Boolkft aud Isonomy got away with the lead, Menotti and Lord William beiug neyt, Tamarisk and Bravo fol'owiug, with Sheet Anchor and Grace Darling last. By the river-the order was uuehauged, but passing the bridge Lord William' led Boolka by nearly a length, with Isonomy, Crossfire, Sheet Anchor and Crossfire following. Coining round Cl-'^Kftre Cfuue up second, the others remaining in the same order. WilUtyw led Crossfire by r? .length at tke abattoirs, _{he same disr.mee tyhnf}<[ f)f Sheet Anchor, Boolka, having fallen baclc" with lsouon;y, Tamarisk ami Bravo ia olosu attendance, Iudiiatry being* absolutely hist. Lord Will jam maintained his lead past the sheds, Sheet Anchor aud Crossfire being together, half a leugth ahead of Isonomy aud Grace Darling. Sheet Anchor now made an oiTort, and rounding the beud led Isonomy aud Crossfire, Grace Darling beiug well up, whilst Lord William died away, and was not after wards prominently in the race. Sheet Anchor aud Isouomy led into the straight, Grace Darliug and ! Boolka following with Bravo aud Isonomy niakim; good play. From the distance a magnificent race ensued, Sheet Anchor. Boolka aud Isouomy fight ing for tho lead, the latter getting iu front opposite the carriage paddock. Boolka and Isonomy raced neck aud neck up the straight, aud eventually finished together with Bravo 3 lengths behind, Lord William next, he having passed Sheet Anchor who was fifth, Meuotti being next; Grace Darling and Tamarisk last. Time—li mi»sK\l sees, Hotuam HAxmcAi\—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each 1 ft., with jiOOaduoil. Oue JoiJe ftml half and a ^stance. Mr. J. Whitiugham's b h Claptrap, »ged, 7st __. ••• . ... ... ... (tt:nnma„'t*) i Hon. J. White's ch h Hexham, i years, 7st ••• (Uuxlev) 2 Mr. J. R. Smith s Lancer, 6 years, 7st lOlbs ••• ••• (Smith) 3 ihe starters were Ringmaster, Lnneer, Gardenia, Silver King, First Prince, Lesbia, Hexham, Claptrap, Kemus, Salvo, Geuoe, The Pencil, Fish o* Silver. Latest betting : 3 to 1 Hexham. G to 1 First Prince, S to 1 Claptrap, Salvo or The Pencil, From 10 to i others, Mr. Watson experienced oousidorablo ditli culty in obtaining a start, but at last sent them awav, Salvo beiug in front, uud Kemus last. Lancer came to the front p.'isaiug the stand, Lesbia and Fish o' Silver being up with him, Claptrap driving the others rouud. Salvo crept up to second place round the turn, and along the back led Hexham, Lesbia aud Fish o' Silver. Along the river side Hexham took command, being followed by Lesbia, Lancer, The Peucii, Silver King beiug in the rear. Lesbia-gave place to Salvo for secoud place passing the bridge, and the order was un broken round to tho abattoirs, near which First Priuce got rid of his jockey, Sanders, The lad was fortunately unhurt, and afterwards led bis horse in. Hexham, Salvo aud Pencil were almost in a line at the abattoirs, Lancer and Claptrap being close up aud Ringmaster hopolessly in tbe rear. Salvo then came forward and led Le?bia and Hexham round past tho sheds aud towards the home turn, the pace being verv fast. Entering the straight Hexham moved forward*, Claptrap displacing Lesbia for third placc, and making a splendid effort Knmage brought Claptrap clear to the front, leading Horham by three good lengths jit the distance, Lesbia and Salvo following. 1 Lancor, Pencil and Silver King were in a scattered bunch lit I ii;ii Claptrap maintained his lead ani] won easily liy several lengths froui Hexham, who was ahead of Lancer one leugth, the latter haviiu headed Salvo, who finished sixth behind Pencil and Silver King, Ringmaster next, Lesbia fqllowing and Fish o' Silver last. Time 2 nuns. 52i sees. ' ' • MAiunrh:;o:;o A sivcapstakn qf 3Q coa., e^ch 1). tt„ with a sqvs. pnlyif declared,' with 1,'OM sovs. added subs.). Five furlongs. Mr, C, L, M!Donald'a br g Hortense, 0 Bt 5 lbs , „ •" —, , ••• (Campbell) 1 Jlr. D, Qoopor a br c Hiintinqtowcr. & st 10 lbs Hon, TV, pearaou's br o Bedouin, "8 st ^ {Pon'er) 3 Tho etartors wera Hortense, Bedouin, Slatauma Essex. Escutclieou, Albert Loddon, Jebusito, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Huutinfftower, Perhaps, Mislatoe, Fancy Free, Eekersley, Esporance, Lava, Oceana, Miranda. Latest betting—3 to lLava or Perhaps, G to 1 Misletoe or Hortense, 8 to 1 Oceana, 10 to 1 others. Mr. Watson found some difficulty iu getting tho unruly hatch of yonujfsters off, hut nt Inst despatched thorn to a Kood . start, Euntingtowor Kettln;,' %rell away in front, per haps, Misletoe and Albert Loddon heimr close behind Aberdeen from tho middle showed in front, crossing tho tan, Ilortense and Perhaps beln;,' his attendants A slight diversion was caused through I.ord Carriuu-' ton's filly Esporance boiling, thus disturbim: Per haps, who was afterwards out of the race. Miranda and Huntingtower were closo beliiud Perhaps, and on entering: the coursc both moved up, as did nlso Bedouin, who now showed ahead of Hortense. Miranda and Oceana. Passing tho c:irri%-a paddaolf the latter led liuutingtownr, v.-bo had como from tlie iuside with a rush, also showing up. Half way up the homo turn Hortouse was iu front, Bedouin and Aberdeen beiu close by, Huutioirtower, Oceana and Lava close u» Hortense kept her lead, and won by a clear leu-tli from HunUufftower, who was half alon^'tli ahead of Bedouin Lava, Aberdeen, EcTtersley, Oceana finishing iu the order named; Slisletoe and Essex being last. Time— Hi so's. 1 Ihe \ ictoria Derbt.-~A sweepstakes 25 sovs oirh r ft, with 0^ added (133 s„bs). Oue mile Rnd a hllf.' ' Hon. J. White s cli.c Trident- '* g '■ • 1 ?' {!la0kw004 s ch 0 Aglaos... ... (Power 3 Tho stattprs were f-Fjrst Consul (O'iirjen), Aglaoa (Power), Chesham (Robertson), Kiu^-wh iM'Gra'lc), Trident (Hales), Volcauo (KUifa). lif.uid-jhiutitJolii'y)* Latest betting—- to 1 on TrKio.it, 5 to I against Mad delina, 10 to 1 Volcano, 12 to 1 First Consul or Ohe-> ham,20tol Aglaos or Kirctisb. Chesham was very troublesome at tbe post, as wis also Agliios, while First Consul was evidently master of O'Brien. Trident ap peared tolerably quiets but Volcano was apparently in clined to trouble Ellis slightly. : After considerable trouble; Mr. Watson got them away, Aminos being uexfc tbe rails with Volcano aud Chesham next him. Mad delina being on the extreme outside. Cinsham was tho first away, biit was immediately led by Volcano, and as they swept past the stand, the order ran—Volcano, Chesbam, Kiugfish, Maddeliua, Trident and 'Ag laos together, and First Consul last. Round ing the turn towards the river this order was maintained, Volcano increasing his lead to three lengths, whilst Chesham led Kingfijli by two lengths, Maddeliuaaud Aglaos being a short distance behind, Trident hard held bavin.'? fallen back. Trident, threaded his horses by the river bend, and joining his j stable compauion the pace was made a cracker, King fish joining Mr. White's pair. Volcano wasallowed to go in front passiug the bridge, Hales easing ~IV slightly, and the former took Chesham with him at a ; couple of lengths distance, about the same space j separating Mr. Cooper's chestnut from ICiiv'll'h, who*.) | rider (M'Grade) evidently found that his horse could not live the pace. Trideut bad been allowed hero to fall baclc behind the leading trio, about a length separating him from Maddeliua, who was followed by Aglaos and First Consul at about the s.amo distance. No change in the relative positious took place, the horses going iu processional order round to the bend,. where Kiugfish and Trident -had changed places, and Maddelina, who had tired,- fell back three lengths behind Mi. Hill's Kiugfish. When the abattoirs were reached, Volcauo still was in the van, with Chesham a couple of lengths away, aud the favorite three lengths further off, but going well within him self. The terribly severe pace at which 'Volcnuo had led his field now began to tell, Kingfish having dropped back 7 or 8 lengths behind the leader, Maddeliua and Aglaos being together two lengths away, whilst First Consul was still in the rear. Round by the sheds 'Indent came a length nearer Chesbam, who was allowed to creep up on Volcano, Kingflsh being 4 lengths behind- followed by 'Aglaos and Maddelina. From there, rounding into the straight, it was evident that Volcauo had fulfilled his mission, and was allowed to drop out, but aa Hales passed him on Trident on the outside, Ellis pulled his horse out the wrong way, and interfered with Trideut, who for a moment was thrown out of his stride. 11»» soon recovered himself, however, aud challenged Chesbam, who was coming, with a couple of lengths lead, at a great pace, Kiugtisli having come up then, but at along distance behind. Chesham led iuto the straight, and Robertson found it necessary to use both whip and spur, as at the distunce ITalcs, with one of his famous rushes, ranged up alongside of the chestnut, and together they raced almost neck for neck, uutil half-way home, when the favorite gradually got bis nose past Robertson's mount ou the outside, aud, in creasing gradually, won by 2i lengths, both animals being all out. Aglaos led the beaten division 20 lengths behind tho first pair, followed at intervals by First Consul, Kingfish and Maddelina, Volcano acting as whipper-in. Time—2 mins. 39 sees. Selling Race.—A aweapstake of 3 sovs. cach;l ft.;, -with 150 added. Seven furlongs.. Mr R, Howie's br h Huron, i years,-7 st. 7 lb?. (Howie) I Mr J. G. | Leek's ch g The Ghost, aged, 7 st. 5 lbs. ... ... (Gorry) 2 Mr R. K. Maitlaud's b or br ir Stafford, aged, 7 st. 5 lbs (Fiddes) 3 The starters were—The Baron, Huron, Ellington, Stafford, Louis, The Gho3t, Straight Shot :and Royster. Latest betting: Even moneyThe Ghost, o to 1 EUiugtou, from 7 to 1 othera. Huron was first away, being followed, by Stafford, Straight Shot and The Gho3t, Huron and Stafford raced together to the abattoirs, when Huron passed Stafford, who was caught by The Ghost in the run home, and beaten for second place by a couple of lengths. Huron winning by a length. Time—1 miu. 29 sees. CoBono Stakes.—A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 200 added. One mile arid a furlouir. Mr. G. Davis' b g Daystar, 3 yrs, »>st 3lbs (Williams) 1 Mr. T. Coffoy's br c St. John, G yrs, 7st 121bs (Williamson)' 2 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmauay, aged, 7st 5!bs (Robertson) 3 The starters were William Tell, Dunlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Lancer, St. John, TlieNun, Pocahontas, The Agent, Ncwmaster, Hogmanay, Gadfly, Albanus, Marouey, Myall King. Gold Lake, The Fobber, Rosary, Day Star. Betting: 5 to 1 The Nun, 7 to 1 Maroney, 8 to 1 Hogmanay, 10 to 1 Agent; very little betting. To a bad start William Tell and Day star followed closely by New master, Marouey, and Gardeuia. Pocahontas came up second along the back, and sheand William Tell drew out four lengths from the others beforo tbe abbatoirs were reached, Marouey leading the rear division. Pocahontas showed in front round tho bend, The Nnn being well up behind Maroney, who was lying third. Pocahontas still kept ahead rounding into the straight ■ but were challenged by Daystar who came up from tho ruck, as did also St. John aud Hogmunny. Coming up tbo distauce William Tell htill led with Davstar ruuuing hini very close, and The Nnn and St. John , close up, Opposite the carriage paddock an exciting , struggle took place, Duystur shooting forward to i getlier with St, John, and they raced homo together, {about a couple of leugths of the remainder, Daystar wiuning by half a length from St. Johu, who bent Hogamany by a couple of lengths, the Nun, Lord Wil . tou aud Agent comiug next, Rosary and Satyr Last. Time—1 min 57} sees. Melbourne Stakes.—Iu the run off for the dead heat Isouomy led by a neck all the way to the straight, and then drew ahead, wiuning easily by nearly four lengths. " 1 LATEST BETTING. | By Electric Telegraph,J (pnoai oun special cokkrsfox1i&£t,)' ' MELnour.Ni:,'31st October. Spirited wagering took place last nigljt on uio Cup. Trenton was backedto win ten thousand at 100 to 7, but subsequently 100 to 5 was offered. Isouomy w:is ;also supported strongly, six thousand beiug takeu at 8 ito 1. Bohemian.was backed to win five thousaud at 100 '•to 3, aud Highland Chief was supported for a like sum at 100 to 1. . ; The following are the latest quotations 100 to 25 Trident, to 15 Isouomy, to 12 Ben Bolt, to 10 Meteor; and Little Johu, to 7 Silvermiue aud Malua, to 5 Arsenal aud Trenton, to 4 Hexham, to 3i Sheet Anchor, Lord William, Grace Darling, Kingfish, and :Boolka; to 8 Bravo, Cyclops, Britisher, Recall, and Bohemian; to 2£ Commotion, Lancer, and Monte Christo; to 2 Crossfire, Highlaud Chief, and Metal; to 1 others. * CRICKET A match was played at Back Creek on Saturday between eleven or the BeudjVo United and Kangaroo Flat clubs. The former w0nt in first and made 152; Connelly, 42; Solomon, 33; Bayliss, 27; aud Davis 25, being the chief scorers. Doblo and O'Donohoe howled well for the visitors, who made 45 for the loss.oi; two wickets. O'Douohoe scored 20, and Doble, 19 not out. . Other matches played on Saturday resulted aa followsCaimUlts second eleven) ?2; v. Boniiigo Flat, 00\. Freethought, 8 wiekots for 51; v. Federals. 40. Union v. Universal, victory for the former by 20 runs. ■ Royal Standards v. Waterloo to-day. Standard* team—Wills (capt.), Ryau, Laue, Dood, Kennedy, , Wilkms, Burns, Naliau, McMahou (2), Wheelaii, I Anderson, Bourke, O'Connor (2), Boyd. AQUATrCS. SANDHURST ROWING CLUB. A committee meeting of the Sandhurst Rowing Club was held at the Commercial Bank on Thursday evening i last. Present—Messrs S. H. Aspinall (in tho chair), B. Rogers, G. Lansell, H. Holmes (assistant secretary), , G. G. McColl, F. Prior, and H. Busst (secretary). Correspondence wria received from tl\c socyctary .Tuve. ! j tiile Industrial Exhibition, Victorian Rowing Associn*. | tion, J. Edwards, and Bcndigo Rowing Club. The I resignation of the captaiu, Mr.W. A. Reynoll, was held i over uutil the succeeding meeting. The following new members were elected:—W. Uayes, Ji Kelly, J. Dowar, I F. Macoboy, D. Goodwin, M. O'Loughlin, C. Gill, A. | L. Roberta, D. Counell, W. A. Rue, D. Hamilton, and | T. Noswortliy, aud fourteen proposed for membership. I Tho treasurer, Sir. B. Rogers,reported that lie had sent | circulars td most of the members who had not yot I handed up'their subscriptions, nnd that lo'd«ime in | stances l|e 1;{)S vo?(Q]7et) them, hut that there were yot | nmuy who were utilising tho olnh'i?.))i,operty who had I not paid their subscriptions, The treasurer was in !• structed to post a list of nil paid up members in the boat-house for the committee's perusal. • The secretary gave notice of niotiou that rule 3 be added to hy tho | addition of vice-captaiu to the list of officers comr>ris i ing the management of tho club, and that a notice be ! posted calling for nominations for captain and vice captain. Agreed to. Accounts to tho amount of £39 10s were passed for payment. A vote of thanks to the , chairman concluded tho meeting. 