"fflopelist. P U T A S U N D E R . oe LADY CASTLEMAHTE'S DIVOECE. AUTHOB OF "HIS ONE MISTAKE, " THEOWIF OK THE WOBD," "A STEUGGLE FOE A BIKG," " A BITTEB ATONEMENT," ETC. CHAPTER LL.—Continued.) " It is not my fault; I have written to you I have asked yon to come and see me. I have asked if I could not see you in London •" "I see no one 1 I go nowhere," said Lord Castlemaine, hastily. " Now I look at yon, I think you are a little changed, too, Isabel." "I wonder I am not altogether changed, when my heart has grownsick with care and sorrow. I could no longer endure my anxiety about you. I landed yon might be dying here alone. 8o, without saying a word to any one, I came here. , L-took a lodging at the organist's fottage, and findingyon were at the abbey, I came oyer to see you—to urge you to do what you ahonld do." " And what should I do ?" , " You should forget your past; yon should shake off jour gloom and make a new life in the future. A man in your position owes duties to his country and society. It may be hard for yon to come back, but it seems to me you ere untrue to yourself and to your race when yon shnt yoursdf up to brood and die. Beturn to public life, return to Social lite; yon can yet find happiness and be useful." Lord Castlemaine shook his ^ head " There are enough to do the public work you speak of. Society doescot need me, and I am devoting myself diligently to the care ol my tenantry, to the improvement of the laboring classes, and progress of education in the country. For the rest I am a broken man." "I know—I know," cried Isabel, M an apathy posseses yen. I want to rouse you from it. Yon have given up everything. Even in the matter of divorce the case is at a standstill." " There will fee no divorce," said Lord Castlemaine, slowly. " And why not ? Given {hat, you would be free of the past, and onoe more be happy. Gertrude certainly 2ed from yon." "I think possibly in that act she was coffering from mania or hallucination, and to secure a divorce on that ground would be persecution." n " You make me angry, angry for your sake 1 eried Isabel. " You were the one wronged and persecuted from thebeginning. Ob, Gertrude was never worthy of you. It makes my , heart ache to see you clinging to a memory of a love that at best was an illusive fancy. When given the joy of being your wife, her heart was not great enough to appreciate her \- plaoe—she scorned your happiness, trampled on your wishes." At last I have id tit my duty to toy and rcuBeyon from fruitless grigf bj idling you that your idol was always and only tflajr." ' " Dpn't Hush," Isabel 1" entreated Lwl Castlemaine, •" I can now remember nothing that once angered mg4.I only .pjeealJ, her *B . mylovely.andloyingi&ife;, Jath harsh find hasty 1 You Wong- jour. • ypelf^and you are all wrong ahant'her." <Jer" trufle wasnotlbving—she was a spoiled, capricious beauty. Can yon not see it yet? ( She had been trained by an a&bitioas; [ i fflother, and her pride was'gratified at her audden afid easy conquest of the Earl of Castlemaine. . .But hers was a fickle fancy, andan inordinate vanity. She was born a coquette,.and desired to see~all men "at her feet. To conquer Colonel Lsnnox, who had 'been victorious over so many hearts, was her pride, and to indulge that pride she would acorn your love, shame your honour, mock your commands. Oh, after all this, can yon love her still ?" " Miss Hy3e, yon wereher friend 1" .-J i" Hers? I was yotif friend. I knew yon tot; and when I met her I read ier well; I understood your infatuation; I tried to warn >you; and when I could not save yon, I set myself to thetask of making her more worthy /ofyoj* I tried to rouse her pride in your lof tyname—her respect" for your lineage; I I, tried to save her fromi herself and her follies; Ljl thought if I were with her I could prevent ISyberirom committing errors—could help ]. mould her tastes to yonrs—could prevent collisions between yon. I set my whole heart "Onsaving you from shame and disgrace, and I havefslled." . Lwd Castlemaine looked np slowly; he spokequietly. . " Ifitfbel, answierine. Yon saw Colonel Tipnnox often; you saw him when he ,lodged • afrthe organist's. Tell me, why did yon meet him as you- did f , : : " Isabel- hadnot thought that this WEB '.known. Shekn^w nothing of the poacher, . fcmg eince happy in OanSa. Bat, nothing flaunted, unmade prompt reply: - - . Why did I? Can yon not see that, like iU m other sets, it wasipryon? I did not "awe for Colonel iLennoxi' I disliked him ; lie j&tu;'too ffreatacontrast toyim. <He i I net prevent I HGrertrndeTamad folly in attempting a conquest «llum,wta.ponng to yoa how little weight your authority had, I WAS BO desperate in my . zttl to help you, to save you from all this' I:. that has fallen on yoa and wrecked your life, •' and is ending your life in darkness, pka depriving you ooontay 0! your aid; to hinder 'to*, when Gertrude would not listen, 1 tried £9peate :*o Colonel {dnnox. I appealed . to his hdnor to go fimj anfl tempt her 00 "longer;^ told himthe vac playing vith him, ft jest ol him; wA imb bim,«« with har, I failed. Bat it WEB lor yon, not for them; I did it all for .?ou." "I cannot understand yon," said Lord Gastlemaice, uneasily. , , « L?ok back. Banember those early aaya of our friendship; the winter before you met Gertrude; who 5 was your friend then? Was not I the one von sought? Were we not oftenest together ? Who. BO well as I cpuld share.all.your- aspirations,;understand your plans, sympathise in your pride of a noble race? Did we ever disagree 1, Whose talk, interested you. as mine did ?. Had I not more ambition for you thanyou had for yourself? Did I not urge yen to give yourself lopolitics, to become a power jn the -country . We were indeed warm friends/' said Lord Castlemaine. '• •.. • " And I wa8 worthy of your friendship: and I am one who will give a .friendship unreservedly, and not limit its;display.. I desired your happiness; and when your infatuation for Gertrude made it. Impossible for me to give you happiness, except through her, then I devoted myself to trying to make her worthy of you, to warding danger from your home; and I failc-d. It was not my fault that I failed. It your happiness had been in my hands primarily, you never would have known any sorrow." " I did not understand Gertrude. I Bhould have" made allowances'; She was young, inexperienced, indulged. If I .had been more tender, !e3S dictatorial, isd left her less alone in society, had daily won her confidence mote gently 1 Oh, I know my own errors, when it is too late 1" "Thatis madnessi' said Isabel, restraining her voiop, but her soul was in a turmoil of jealous fuiy at his words. " There never was a men so deceived. Did she try to gloss over your faults, or what she called your faults? Did she not make a jest of your honest pride of race? The stories" of the honse of Castlemaine were her theme of sarcasm. She despised you because you were given to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, as redcoated soldiers are heroes of ^bar-maids. She accused yon of pridS, of tyranny; Bhe loved to vex yon. When she had grown weary of Colonel Lennox, she would have amused herself and tortured yon by flirting with some one else." " Yon are wrong. I am sore yon misjudge her. And, at all events, remember she is yet mv wife." '"I do not wish to remember it. Break that tie, which is now virtually null and void. Take up a new life; marry some one worthy of yon; make a tour of the world, and in two or three years return; oper these elosed doors; fill yonr house with hospitalties worthy of your race; take your place in F&rliament; become a power in your country; live up to your rights as Esrlof Castlemaine." " It is impossible! Mine is a heart that loves bnt once. Whether Gertrude loved me as I did her, I cannot tell. To her my least thought was true. Beside her no other woman Jooked lovely or desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lenpox, and I had secured a divorce, it would not have been to marry sgain. I should have lived in the memory of my lost love and my lasting woe." " ' "" Isabel Hyde suddenly bent her head on the table near which she sat, and burst into a passion of sobs and tears. Lord Castlemaine remembered what Lady Craven had told him of Miss Hyde's evident interest in himself. Eveil his heart, apathetic now to all Words ol love, told him that Miss Hyde had now spoken to him of more than friendship. He knew not what to say or do. He sat in silence until her stormy amotion tad worn itself away. "Miss Hyde, I am grateful to you—grateful for sympathy, for past friendship, for present interest—but all your - remonstrances must fail to change my course, or animate my heart to any hope of happiness. Let me remind yon that yon are yet a young, beautiful woman, with your fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness is, I cannot accept it at the price of embarrassment to- yon. In your kind sympathy for me, and for my wife, yon forget—what yonr Annt Cresson would not fail to recall—that yon &re; too young and beautiful to'come here'without a chaperon. We must part; my sadness grieves yonr kind soul; and your friendly interest in me makes it hard for me to (eject yonr counsels, as I unalterably must. Will yoa cot allow me to accompany you through the park to the' Nuns 1 Gate,' where we shall say goodbye?" He rose. Isabel rose also. She poshed back the disordered hair from her heated brow. She looked into Iris face. • " Say good-bye ?" she faltered. " Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I can offer, for even friendship, now." " Good-bye—and forever?" " Forever 1" "Oh, Lord Castlemainet" eried Isabel, holding out her handsto him. " Lord Castlemaine !—Rudolph { frill you never care for me?'- ' ' Ambition, pride, selfishness, many evil passions were in Isabel's feeling for Lord Castlem&ine; ;' but there was also love, -zeal love, and ihat love thrilled in that passionate cry. It .w(i8 onB drop more in the cup of Lord fi&stlem;&me;'s bitterness. He was chivalrou toward, women. . . ^ mnjrnliLr \- manners had ma,njr ; Gim'M zledhim. -^Heknew by hard experienas jiow terrible a jthijjg was love outrag^ nnfStumecL Bat her .cry fell coldly'ona dead, shrouded heart.: , * He held oat his hand gravely. _ " Come, Isabel, ire must go; we mast pftrt. It is only one more of the hard things in our fate. " Go, and forget me."' "Icannot—I will not forget! " said Isabel. " Semember," said Lord Castlemaine, " that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably given to Gertrude." And he led her beyond the " Nuns' Gate, CHAPTEB LXI. " I SITAT.T. NEVEB BETUHH,. If GCTtrade Castlemaine had been a criminal, flying from jostice, mating every effort at concealment, she would probably have been discovered long before. As she proceeded on the Dover boat, at Calais, and afterwards, in & perfectly quiet, open, matter-of- fact way, no one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, when inquiry was made, was able to identify her. * \- Colonel Lennox and Igabel sedulously kept the secret about the carriage—-the colonel, because his discomfiture, if known, would .have made him the lasting butt of jest; Isabel, be cause her action in the mafia: would have mined her with Lord Castlematne. T&e; carrisge-driver had not bnly been well pSid by Gertrnde for silence, but that night's woric wae his last driving in England ; heiiad alreadjr eeciued iiispaBB≥ aa animigrant to AnBteafia; v .Theliheoi* ot the pnrsait: hacL teen ibat Gertrude iau^gbhe by cartf; or on fobfc® ; lffo one imagined that ishe had eaaght the Dover bort that very night. Hie etewardeas of ihat boat wtw caUed next day into Belgium,*t6" ^ dying mother ;, jand the fact that at Calsii Gertrude had covered her h£t and f«ae vritha thiokiissue veil, and carried her cloak tdl her \- 'arm, with only its white lining visible^ liad completed the slender chain of events which div^ed pur8uit, esp?cially wheq that pursuit dated all - its inquiries at least twenty-four boors too late. ' • . • .; That very week of Isabel's painful -^isit to Neath Abbey, Dr. : Bandal and Mr. Grimihdd met there to oonralt with Iiord Castle. "Ihave1 concluded my personal visitation of every public and private institution forthe siok ind thejnsane in"the"XFnited Eingdom," eaidDr.fiinfi^i:Iliiave conversed with the attendants, ana,locked over the recsrda; I heve. exauSined the tiurial records of every pariih in^t^landyjind^l cannot get the faintest trace Of f onrVife v . M N • " Our agents in jScotland Yard have come on no .trace, and seem hopeless 0! success," said Mr; Grimheld. «' It is, as I told yon at first; Lord Castlemaine ; we mast make more of the press—of advertising." "Iliad enough of tho press, dragging my family affairs to light, when that paragraph about the divorce, in Truth, turned all eyes and all tongues on my nnhsppy wif<?." " But you must consider how great interests are at stafcp. You may have a wife—possibly a child. You must find them. If you have a child—a eon—that child is the heir to your estates and titles. He would no? be nearly a year and a half old. He may be living in pauperism, or a3 a foundling. Every week passed, dims recollection of events, and makes discovery more difficult. The findingof your child, if it exists, is of instant importance. If yon merry again, acd have a SOD, his possession of title and estates would be always- jeopardised by the possible existence of an elder Bon. Besides, not knowing whether Lvly Castlemaice is alive cr dead, you cannot marry—unless, indeed, you conclude your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain." "I shall never conclude the suit; and I shall never marry." " Then, unless you find your child,-if one" exists, what is to beoome of jour title and estates. Years is & long line to end so miserably." • "And what course do you wish me to take?" " Advertise through the police of the entire United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing Lady Castlemaine's appearance and'date of departure, giving no name but mine &s; address. Advertise in all the papers of the kingdom, by slips addressed to ' Gertrude,' asking her to return, or give information, and .pledging that her demands shall be gratified on every point—that she shall have ^all her own way. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and France." " Do anything you like," said Lord Castlemaine. " Advertise as you like; but I know if Gertrude yet lived I should have heard from her. Could she have endured'loneliness like mine?'' "You forget," said Doctor Bindal, "she may have a child. That would very largely console her, and fill her heart." "But there is no need for her sQenoe. She knew I loved her." ' " Answer me a few questions," said Doctor Randal. " Yoa were jealous of Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follies?" " Unhappily, yes." " She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distressed?-' " Yes." "In year anger, yoa threatened separation or divorce?" " Yes, yes; I have admitted all that." "Do you not know that if she had remained, and yon had demanded separation or divorce " " I would not have done BO," interrupted Lord Castlemaine. " Probably not, when the whole facts were before you. She did not know that. She thought yoa meant it. I say, if yoa hid carried out your threat, and she had had a child, especially if a son, yon would have had custody of your heir. There is -nothing like maternity to sharpen a woman's perception of results, of facts. Unused to any business, as Lady Castlemaine was, the mother instinct would have shown her her danger of bong deprived of her baby. It she had some dight mania, as I apprehend, that would have intensified her terror of such loss—her expectation of it. A mother will do anything to retain 'her child. . If Lady Castlemaine is living, and' keeps silent, it 13 because sha fears you will ciaim custody of her little one." "'But what am I to do 7 ?" cried Lord Castle, maine, rising, and pacing his library in disorder. The idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal that bdoved child, so precious in his thought, drove him frantic. r " Advertise, as Grimheld suggests,' in England, Sootland, France. Address ' Gertrude.' Tell her,lier child shall not be interfered with; - she shall make her own terms. Also, fee the French police heavily enough to set them searching for any stray Englikh lady, fair and yoang, with a young child. France is near; your wife spoke French fluently. As we haye ;failed in England, I loqk to France. France, too, is the land where she could live longest on theeale of her jewelB." " Randal is quite right," said Mr. Grimheld. A tap at the library, door. " The mail, my lord," said Jenkins. Lord Castlemune took'the letters, and mechanioally turned them over. He started baok at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exclamation. .Jt was from Egypt, in the large, peculiar script of Colond Lennox. ' At first Lard Castlemaine felt as if he eonld not open it—as if one of his ^riendB s must break the seal, T nen.he gathered Innr self together, because there m^ht be jBpme' thing nnder thte$..caver which no"eye,ihOuld 5 asBB ^nlrpi^rp^p^, He; mfhdrew fo. an alcove . jblPh^ Jjbe envelope, wtfh a trembling hand.. It i^s dated at a' mtiitary hospital. It ran thtiB r "" 1 1 LOED CiSTtEittiiJE .We have been enemies; but^hen life reaohes its end, enmities are&rfKten.; 1 write to do juBtioe to your wife. I never met a lady whom I admired as I did Lady Castlemaine. She was as good as fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with, me to which any husband could object, except that Bhe tolerated my society, and that was becaase die did not know my character. All my association with Lady Castlemaine—all our meetings— arose not from her will; she was invariably betrayed into my oompany by her friend, who deoeived us both. X should say ho more. Where yonr wife went, and why, I do not know. Ash Miss Hyde—she k ewi. LENNOX." " Oh, Gertrude I doubly injured Gertrude 1" cried Lord Castlemaine. " We must find Miss Hyde, and question her," said Grimheld. " I will telegraph to Lady Cresson to obtain heraddreES." . * '• * * * * The day ^tter that bitter interview .with Lard Castlemaine, Isabel entered her aunt's dressing-room, in Lady Cresson's countryhouse on the banks of the Thames. "Isabel," said Lidy" CresBon, sharply, " yoa. told me joa were going to Miss Aller- ^ton'si I bad a note from her yesterday. You have not been there. Where were yoa?" Isabel was silent. \- ^'l insiBt upon knowing—I have' a right." " Yes, yoa have a right," said Isabel, bddly;^** Youjara. to- take meto Lady GordbW^oenn^y^^snd I have two goi^eous dreeseB up' stalbrs. ^itneBees of yoar rigbt, I wasat Nei& Abb«iy»io see Lord Castlemaine." \- " Heavens, IsabBl I What madness! And yod'*' with a ^proposal from Lorl Stuart Douglas 1" : ,l Ibat»iiot Ittoeptedlnin, aunt." •: . lAdy„ Cre8Bon threw np her bands . and ey•*'".'-"" • ' ' . 1 / '' " Isabel, .yoBaM iwenty-four l You haw beenjfoe seasons oatl Top bave refaeed two .or • thseeoSerSjbqthava : bad Jiogood - o6er* till now. Now, by extraordinary, maryelloas fortune, a fineJooking man, of joar-own age, lieir presumptive to the Sari olE Dnneduj, proposes, and—you say yon bays nOk acoepteci himl You^o to sec Lord Gastlamaine4" " " I went," said Isabel, hard and bold, "to Beefor-myself whe'ber-there was any hope that Lord Castlemaine would finish bis divorce case, and 'make &n; offer "to me." << Horrible 1 Monstrous 1 Ontr&geoos; 1" groaned L?dy Cresson. Isabel proceeded steadily ; " There is'no such hope. "He will not get. a divofee. He will not many again. He is still the slave of that white-faced fool 1A0left' him." - " Hush I Your lsognage is scBndaloas. f, "I went to him,aunt, because for more than four years I have loved him—becaase I am mad about him. I thiidi I would rather take Eadolph Castlemaine, without title or estates, than one of the princes of the royal = blood." " Tha princes and Lord Castlemaine are equally out of your reach." "I see it. Compise yourself, Aant CreB- Ban, I told Lira Stuart Douglas that he should have my answer at Lidy Gordon's, mxt Thursday. I shall accept him. I shall have a little title, a prospective coronet, a fortune, three handsome estates, an amiable husband, who marries because his ancle orders him to do so, and who likee me as well as any one. Bi sur^, aunt, the belle of five seasons appreciates hsr good fortune. At all events, I shall not make a scandal, and leave my husband, as. Gertrude Craven did." Ob, heavens 1 And you are to be presented on Thursday to the Earl of Daneddin!" Thursday had come. Sasne— L^dy Gordon's country seat in K<int, throngied with guests. E a vied of all, is Isabel Hyde. After five seasons .she has captured a prospective earl 1 " L~rd'Sftnr£ Douglas is a tall, jolly, noisy, red-whiskered, florid, honest young Scotchman—not very sentimental, but heartily admiring his ji-incte. The E irl of Daneddin has oome, and 1 is to bs presented to his future niece. Isabel is on the arm of Lord Steward Douglas; Lady Gordon has the earl's arm, Lady Cresson iB elate. The fi?e meet in tho great drawing-room, and there nre many there to see. " Uncle, allow me to present the fa tare Lady Douglas." Soddsnly a black eloud rests on the face of the old S:otch earl. His extended hand stops half way; his cold, blue eyes 'fixed on Isabel in a ferocious g'are. " This lady your future wife, Douglas ? " "Ye3, nnele; and you are an admirer of baanty—dark beauty " " I never forget a beautiful face once seen,' said the earl, still "glaring at Isabel. Then: " Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more private room ? " The five are alone in tho library. " Miss Isabel Hyde," says the earl, in the voice of & jadge, " carry back yoar mind to the latter part of September before last—almost two years ago. Thick of the Bedmoss station." " She was visiting Lsdy Castlemaine at Neath," cried Lady Cresson/ The earl waved his hand, and proceeded solemnly: "At Eedmoss station, after midnight, you entered the train for London. The thirdclass cars were out of the question; the secondclass were pretty well filled; two first-olass cars were paid for a3 private. You entered the other, where there was one traveller, in a cloak. You were not alone; yoa were with Colonel Lennox, and I wss-that traveller. Yoa went to London. Yoa and Colonel Lennox left the train together; yoa entered a eab together. Bifore I secured a cab yours was oat of sight. It was before four o'clock, a very dark momin?. and—the character of Colonel Lennox is well known." / Lord Stuart Douglas, with flaming eyes, had dropped Isabel's hand and stepped back. Lady Gordon looked scorn and dismay. Lady Cresson was pallid, and dropped into a chair. She cried : "<3ir, you are mistaken I" " I am net mistaken. I could swear to her. I saw her for over an hour. I heard ber voice. It was she ! " ^ " I only met Colonel Lannox by accident at the station I" cried Isabel, breathlessly. "I missed an earlier train. If you had followed the cab you would have seen that I went to the Westmiastfr.Hotel, and he to his club." "You can never"explain or excuse a lady of your age and position wandering alone at night with Colonel Lsnnox. The wife of my heir mast be "without rcproach. Lady Gordon, allow Douglas cn3 myself to take our leave; it will cause less talk." They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aant and ni^ce. "Dear Lidy Cresson, yon have my sympathy. This is terrible! But my home is full of friends—young ladies, too '•" . " I understand you," said Lady Cresson. " If ybu will order a carriage, I will at onee remove my nioca."' They were in the car: "Isabel,eeiil Lidy Cresson, "Iwill see you again. You understand, you can enter London society after this. Go and hide your head 1" They parted.at the Junction—Lady for LondoD; Isabel apparently for la&bel.paised; too stations. At the lb hft ths car, and waited for another tra • 8h£ bad made up ber- mind. -She, would throw herself onthe mercy of Lord Castle maine.J5he wouldteilhim that Bhehad been eacrificeain her-effort to saye his wife, jEorhia sake. V In reoklesfly undertaking to lead ColonelLennox aw^ bom Gertrude, she bad destroyed herself. All hope was lost now but , in Lord Castlemaine. She would go-and boldly plead her love for him. Even if that failed, in what would she be worse off than now? CHAPTER LXIL SOW THE DBEASI CAKE TRUB. Shot np alone in ber first-class carriage, Isabel Hyde suffered an anguish as of lost goals. - Fary against berself, remorse, not repentanoe, seized her. How easily die might bave prevented this horrible end 1 On that fatal night, when Bhe had meant to betray Gertrude into flyingwith Colonel Lennox she had madly lost aU by going to London in bis company. She could have remained at the gottage, bribing the woman to silenoe She could have gone to a hotel at Redmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath becaase Gertrude liad overthrown all ber plans; she hurried to London in.the same carriage with Colonel Lennox.and allowed him to escort heir as f« as the hotel. True, die had entered the hotel alone; she had given a feigned name; breakfasted alone, and :gone home by that afternoon's train. London had been empty of society people ; no one recognized ber; she supposed thafe escapade dead and buried. Now it had come coineyop like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, which was mating a nineday's wonder at her amazing good fortnne. 1 Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to eome extent. Lord Douglas would feel bimself obliged to: explain.. Her aunt bad finally oast ber off. Her family would be furious at her folly, and the wgreck of her prospects.; ~ The glories ofDouglaB and Daneddin grew on ber as they vanishad out other grasp forever. Bhe was taking her lafct chanoe. Her one hope wae in the bdp, the- ohivalry, the blindness of Lord Castlemaine. \- To him she hastened,, flying with all. the speed of eteam throngh the waning aammer day. • * *. *..-*' Lord Castlemaineand Doctor Randal were uneasily pacing the terrace. Lord Castlemaine had sent his diipatoh to Lady Cresson. His one hope lay now in wresting the truth from iBabel Hyde. Every hoar seemed a year, untO lie eonld get oo the-track of bis raniflbed wife. i V Up ihe long avenue dashed a horse, covered | with foam, and«aden by a man looking like a public bouae jiosiler. Man and beast were . breathless; anijAovered with dust. - i Lvd Castlemaine a slip ofj^p^M^SP^ And soiled, torn from a ' note-bei^r%a8iSly ^.written upon with a lead penoiL • li^id Pjistlemaine matched the paper andreid^ie lines ^ Terrible B. Ri accident, fivemiles beyond Rsdmoss. /A lady in jfirBt-class car serionBly injured. SSeis lh.a state, of extreme anxiety to see you. Come at once. She cannot live ' v ont the flight." , , Lord- Cs^tlemaine reeled back against Doctor-R-indaU" " DwittfrSfend^it is Gertrude I" " WhofSttelady? Have yoanothing else!" shouted ©fciUndai, * The ;«rife^te«till fumbling in his pockets. He found tbe^eot of bis seazch and handed it over—a oar% " It was ia.'Ser pocket," he sud. On theiardwas: "•" ISiBE& HTDE." "Minf ehonted Lord Castlemaine t "'did you see her? Was she dark?" " I donYknow—yes—I saw her—yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer; but she is g iin' fast. You'd better hurry yourself 1" " Horses 1 horses I" roared Lord Castlemaine ;." the two fastest horses 1" The grooHja epraug about in the stables, and in five minutest wo swift, blooded horses, impstietffciorthe road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine ari£. : Dr. Rindal. They ieape^ into the raddles, and were away like the wind. ' The sun bad set; the moon had risen; the world was still in-the balm and dew of the Bummer night4" the -insects whirred and chirped; soffly from the distant woods ctiled the sad whip-poor- will, or chanted the nightingale ; add jftdTove; the broad, hard road thundered, the feet of the horses, as Lord Castlemaineand his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to die. They reached- theplace at last—the turn in the road where there, bad been a collision. Cause—a-neglected switch. Mors remote c susa —a switoh-tender asleep. Still more^xemote cause—a human being overworked for seven days itfthe week; given apittanoej ehortenedhonrs of rest; lengthened .houta of labor, treated as a man? No; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down; themanlolhasleep. Asleep? Bather into aomtC. ; Who. is to blame ? Some one is to blame. See tiiiB wrecked train; see all these dsad bodies The jury will blame and puniBh theewitch-tender. High Heaven wUl blame the jebmpany who overworked him; and this blood; and his blood will be required at their hands; . . Here is Mie-pottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried.^ A oouch has been drawn into the ceritre- of - the room, made as easy as possible, and o& itlieB Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already qaehohing the fire of her great blacik eyes, and smiting the lately splendid oolor from the «heek of society's Red Rose. Lord Qastlem&ine; and Dr. Randal entered. " Isabel ) " said Lord Cdstlemaine, bending to take her band, " Heaven only knows how grieved I amtoeeeyou like this 1" 4 1 Ydu wBl be sorry about me, Lord Cutlemaine ?" said Isabel. " Yqs; words^cannot tell how I shall grieve that yoa die so yoang and so suddenly. "And'you^ll fltay with me antil I die ?" •'Yesi^bd.^ - "It is mbie than l could bave expected i and it is better*. What was there left for me to live for^" isMd Isabel. The wtimen of the house withdrew. Doctor Randal vWnt out.and spoke with, the doctor who was'attending the injared, then returned and made some.Slight examination of Isabel; more was not needed; ber fate was on her faoe. ". " MISB Hydej do you know yonr state ?" " Yesj l faipw," said Isabel. / "Aridwhato&n; l do for yoa, Isabel, now or hereaft^rJ^ Baid Lord Castlemaine. . "Yoa lai'listen to what I have to say," said Isabel; "I sent for you for that. I shall shock yoji, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leave»»^}rthat." ' : " I wUl nOtleave yoa. I have promised." " Say.hBfOrell begin, you forgive me.'' " I—forgwe'you,".said Lord Casttemaine. " Think back to when we first met. I knew you liked JneV yOu liked me better than all the restVI^aaw it. At first I acted toward you merely-ttsambition, and Annt Cresson's orderS to iuBkea good match dictated. But I grew te love ybu. I, who had never eared for anyone,.whose heart was cold to parents, brother8,«ister8, friends, I loved for the first time, and llovedt/ou—ob. how madly l" - " Hdshs^nA, Isabel 1" sud Lord Gastkmaine, deeplypained. "It is too late io mind now/'said: Isabd. " Let me go on. Yoa never spoke or acted love, but there was no one yon preferred, and I hopM-^^ntil you met Gartrnde. and 7on l«ved herat oDce, when you bad known •e so long) X tried to win yoa away, but u unheeded ifiy-efforts to charm you; yon -,.'e not tohe won. I hoped to the last— irped ant3^X"<food firstbrides- maid at your wedding^a^^bcw tlLeWore > to part yevt—& : "IeabeVl .I»belJ are you mad?" -cried LordCastiimaiMi ^ •'•: , " «• This is Ibe 'hoar of trath. I pretended strong'.Mendship lor -yoa both, it W&s; love for you, hale for her." •'MypocrGiet&adel;'' moaned LordCastle- "She woia waiinmy bands; sowereyoa. I made ibe jittle quairels between yon ; I made yoti jejftras. and roused ber pride, and made hsr&eadBtrong.; I introduced Colonel Lsnndx-ioSiia. I told her yon were meanly jealous, ai^3 thit he was the best of men. I planned r^KBetings for them, sending him word wh&eyer;:ebe should be, and she never knew it.' tfonisad them together. laaw he loved her; she never dreamed of it. Tasked him tolonoh at yoar faoase; I arranged the tableaux l^Z telegraphed him to meet-ns at Bath. I.~f^ra£ed her constantly, to resiBt you.' J^aiMo him, and loaned him all her letters fropi Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath/and he shoul^ see her. I planned meetings whieh- were surprises to her; and I tried in vun to rouse in her love for him. She warbis iriend—only that—just as cool and ealm^tohim as a woman of snow." -fi . my tlarlmg 1 my injared darlingl^^BedLord Castlemaine. \- " G^^defatitjpslyrfflented thehoar when he pass^ii^Ond oalm, respectable friendship into a plealw love. She resolved never to see him again.T He wrote te?—the only time. In her distress she burned the letter, fearing yoar jealoas rage. ' ^t was to me she' told yoar threat Of Separation, your order togo to Eastdale. It^iaB I who painted to her the dis« grace of ft^aration. Itold her yon would rob h«Qf hiaebfld. Iplanned to fly with her toFrano^ I told her we could hide in the Southof&anoe; until youcame toherterms. I. had lured tiie ouriage, brougl^ it to the ' Nuns' .1 pnt the gloi«, picture, tand han dkerchief of tTolonel Lennox in her room. I took ber to the carriage. 1 bad arranged "to leave3i on" a ! fllight excuse, have Colonel my place, and go with her^ Do^er—to Calais—before be revealed himsd&^ibiewa flight with him wouldaever aoti «id yon would divorce her. > I in^d'^urn to me. I cannot tell 14I had led, ruled Gertrude all moment 1 left her in the ear-- her fa tore into her own hands, dashed off fdriodsly. She was Colcoel Lennox and-1 were left the road. We went at once to with him -has ' wis seen, receg- {Tobtcentimud.)i A WONDERFUL m m . - ( Concluded) ^ But, wonder of wonden! this Hercules," a moment since- so strong and proud, now bows his head ; his arms rivetted to the box, undergo a violent muscular contraction; bis legs' give .way, and be falls on bis knees with. a loud yell of agonjH ,— An-electric shock, wPMtuceS ;by: an ductive apparatus, had' beDn ^assied, oil » signal from mej from the further end of the stage, into the handle of the l»x. Hence the contortions of the'jMjbX' Arab t It would have be#n cruelty' to prdiob^ the scene. . • . , * I gave a second signal, and the electric current was immediately intercepted. My athletic, disengaged from his terrible, bondage, raised his hands over his head. ' " Allah! Allah !" be exclaimed, full of terror; then wrapping himself up quickly in the folds of his burnous, as if to bide his disgrace, he rushed through theiankB: of the spectators and gained the front entrance. With the exception of my stage-boxes and the privileged spectators, who appeared to take great pleasure in this experiment, my audience had become grave and silent, and I heard the\ words " Shaitan !" " Djenoum .'" passing in a murmur round the circle of eredtilous men, who, while gazing on me, seemed astonished that I possessed none of the physical qualities attributed to the: angel of darkness. ' .1 allowed my public a few momentS to Recover from, the emotion produced- by my experiment and the flightof theherculestn Arab. , One of the' means employed by the Marabouts to gain influence in fche «yes of the Arabs is by causing a belief in their invulnerability. One of them, for instance, ordered a : gun to be loaded and fired at him from a short distance, but in vain did the flint produce a shower of sparks; the Marabotrt pronounced some cabalistic words, andthe gun did not explode. The mystery was simple enough; the gun did not go off because the Marabout had skilfully stopped up the vdht. Colonel de Neven explained to me the importance of discrediting such a miracle' by opposing to it a sleight-of-hand tnbk far superior to it, and I had the very article. I informed the Arabs that I possessed a talisman rendering me invulnerable, and I defied the best marksmaii in Algeria to hit me. ' * I had hardly "utfceerd (he words, when' an Arab, who had attracted my notice by the attention he had paid "to my tricks, jumped over four rows of seat, and, disdaining the use of the " praisticable," crossed the orchestra, upsetting flutes, clarionets, and violinB, escaladed the stage, wliile burning , himself at the footlights, and then said, in excellent French: "I will kill you!" An immense burst of laughter greeted both the Arab's picturesque accent and his murderous intentions, while an interpreter who stood near me told me I had to deal with a Marabout. "Yon wish to kill mo!" I replied, imitating his accent and the inflectiodi of his voice. "\Vell,' I reply, that though yoa are.a sorcerer, 1 am stilTa greater one, and you will not kill me." I held a cavalry pistol in my hand, which I presented to him. ''Here, take this weapon, and assure j yourself it has undeigone no preparation; " Hie Arab breathe^ seveim times down the barrel, then through the nipple,- to' assure himself inhere was 1 no communication between them ; and, after carefully examining the pistol, said': • — "The weapon is good, and I will kill 1 yoa," "As yoa are determined, and,for ihore certainty, put in adoublechaige of powder, ; and a wad on the top." " "Itisddne:' v : v "Now, here is a leaden ball; mark it withyour knife, BO as to be able to recog-i niseit, and pat itini the pistol, , with a' second wacL" " It is done." "Now; that yon are quite eare that your pistol is loaded, and thiat it will explode, telline,do you feelno remorse, no scruple, about killing me thus, although I authorise you to doao ?" "No; for l wiflhto kiltyou," the Arab repeated, coldly. Without replying, I putan iniple on ihe point • of afaiife/l raid, stending a 'few yards from the M^boutj orderwl himto I ; fire. • ' ' t him. 1 \ ^ y */-•( '; ^ j: The pistol exploded^ and . tlie bullet .lodged in the oentre.of the'apple. . . I carried the talisman to the Miuabout; who recognised the ball he had marked. I could not say SiiB trick produced greater Btupefaetionthanthe one preceding it; at any rate, my spectators, palsied by surprise andtenor,looked rotmdmsilence^ seeming to think : " Where the deuce have me got to here?" A .pleasant scene, however, won unwrinkled many of their faces. l%eMara^ bout, though stupefied by his defeat, had, not lost.-his wite; so, profiting by the moment when he returned me the pistol;; he seized , the apple, thrust it into : his • waist- belt, and could not be indflced to return it, _ persuaded as he was that he - possessed it an incomparable talisman;- But Houdin still more increased his' reputation as a sorceret by a second exlii-' bitioh before, a number of Marabouts.' He was visiting at the house of one of them, and puzded the parbjr by several? easy tricks. Finally the hoBt stepped forward, and resolved to end tiie necro-- mancy by proposing a most imposBiblie eat :. " I believe inyour Bupenlatural power," he said ; ' 4 you are a r«il sorcerer; hence I hope yoa will not fear tb repeat here % trick •ypu -performed in ybur die«trfe ;" and, offering "mfe twopistolisfie held concealed beneath his hurnous, added' : " Come, choose one of these pistols j we will load it, and I will fire at you.' Yoa , have nothing to fear, as you can ward dS all blows. . I confess I was for a momentstararered • I eoi^fht a subterfuge^but ioomltume. All eyes wero "Bxed upon me,and a reply was ajmously awaited. The Mwaibouti was toumphaati* - - : :* Bpu.Ml^n; aware thafc mvtricks wew offly .^he j^^t of togry that hiB guest shbuld be Bo nester^i ; hraico M Shx*-' wmt. t I etop^d Jhimj however For an idea had ooculrea Ito jne, which would save me from my.dilemma, at least tem- ^anly 5 then addressing viny: adver- "You are aware," I aaid.with assurrance, " that I require a talisman in order to Ae mvulneratte, and unfortunately, I W left mine at Algiers." The Marabout began laughing witii aq incredulous air. "Still," I continued, "I can, by remaining six hofirt' fatf'p1ra.yer;" do without the talisman, and defy' your weapon. To-piorxow morning, at eight o'clock,' I wnTaMdwyOu fofireat memthe presentee of . these Arabs, who" were witnesses of \- Bou- Allem, astonished at such aproniisej'asked me Onoe again if the.prpniiw wore serioasi-«nd if he ahoul4 inyl^ihe;. fortiiea^ointed ho'ir- ^^ afflftaKttvo, •asqrfl^eed to meet Jjefore a ceri^in'lrtoiie. '-• ; .r. : • • •• _ • I didliotf Spend %he ni^t at prayeir, -as i^^'jMi^^'batl 1 ^nploysd about two hours in insimng my invulnerability; tjhdi,satisfied with the resultj I -Slept BouacQy , for I was terribly tired. By eight the next" moming" we had breakfasted, our horaes were saddled, and our escort was awjdfcing fiie aigi^ for our depftrttire, which -would take place after the famous experiment ' : - -r None of the guests were absent, and, indeed, a great number of ArabB came to swell the crowd. " ' The pistols were handed to; me, "and' L called attention to the vents, being clear ? the Maraboutput in a fair- chargO of JONtier, and drove the wad home. ^ Ambi^g Ihe bullets; produced^ t choise onO wMcTil" openly put-Zin the- pistol, and which was then also covered with paper. . . The Ax&b; watched "all these proceedings, for his honor was at- stake. the second pistol, and the Bolemn moment arrived.' I posted myBelf at fifteen paces from . the sheik^ without evincing the Blightest^ emotion; .. , ' The MMaTrotifc immediately seized one of the pistolii, and, on "my giving the signal, took deliberate aim at me; The pistol r went off, and the fell app£ared betweten' my teeth. ftlore angry than ever, my iiral tried to seize the other pistol, but-1 succeeded in; reaching it before him. " Yoii could hot injure me," I said +0 him, hut you'shall now see that my aim is more dangerous than youra. Look at tliat wall/' I pulled the trigger, and on the newly whitewashed wall appeared a large patch of blood, exactly at the spot where I liad : aimed. . . ' \- The marabout went up to it, dipped hia •finger in the'blood, and raising it to'liis toouth, convinied himBelf of the reality. he acquired this certainty, his anas feB, and his head was bowed on his chest, ajrif : he-were annihilated. The' spectators; raaseid " their eyes to heayeti, muttered prayers; and regarded me with a species of terror. ... Thissceiie wasatriumphantternliiiatton to my performance. I therefore 1 retired, le&virig-; the audience under the impression that I produced; We took leave of Bou- AUem and his son, and set off at a gallop. "Hie trkk-i liave- justdescribed, ^joi^h . so eiiriotfsi is eaflily preparecL I : will give a descrijition of it, while -explaining the trofcHe-it toekme:" ^ : As soon as I was alone in my room,' t took out of my pistcl^ease—without which r never travel—a bulietmold. I took a card, -PR , four edges,; and thus made a sort of /trough, in which I placed a piece, of wax taken frorq, one of the - candles. ; "When it .was melted, I mixed a little lamp-bl&ck; I had obtained by putfting the blade of a knife . over the candle, and then ran thik" "compo{dtion into-the huUet-mold. ; Ha^I aUowed'the.liquid' tO get quite F^LDI THE BALL WOIDD HAVE L^N FUIR IM^ solid ; but in about teio. sebonds I turned ; the mold over, and tlie portiobs of wax not yet set ran out, leaving A hollow ball" in the mold. The operation js the same as that used *n maiooag tapers, the.thickti^s of the outeidei depending on £he time the^qmd'has'Beenl^in.theinold,' • : . I wanted a second ball, which I made rather moi» solid than' the other -; and this' l6Uedwithhl6bd,andcover^theorific^ with a Imnp of wax. " An Trishmanihad once taught me the way to dnnr blood, . . from the ihiimb, without feelii^ any ^tih, and X employed it on fills occasioh ^j fill my^Aillek . • Bullets thus prepared bear an exfcraor- ' ditttry resembluice to lead, and. are easily mistaken for that - metal when seen at . a dhort distance off. x . •• "With, this explanation the trick will be easily Understood. After showing ^the leaden bullet to the spect^tnn, 1 ! chaaged H fpr mrholloy ball, and openly put the la^er into the pistol. By pressing: jibe . «oix r >tagh% down, the brolce ip+o 4 W #t the moment the jpostol jWeS jfi^gdf I' fflgeijed^my ine,at£ jto depplay lead bnllett hel^Tjtitw^ih 1^ other buITet'<»ntam€tf lBhe bullet.' withblood, which,bursting against the wall, left itsnmprinfcthoogh the wax-had -flown toatoms,—TheArgonawti 