Religious. Sunday Softool tfe&cfters;* 0Oiiter6ace. tas Brisbane Sunday Sobool Union held their first oonferenoe in the Divinity Hall, Creek street, on Good Friday. There Were three diets, merning, afternoon, Ahd evening. In the morning the President of the Union (S. Fraser, Esq., M.L.A.), Was in the chair. There W6Hi about 120 ladies and gentlemen present. The meeting having been opeiled in the usual manner, the. president announced with regret that Mr. J. 8. Kerr, who had promised to read a paper on " Sohool organisa tion," was Enable to attend throngh illness. Tho Eov. llr. Whale read the following paper:— "I rejoice greatly that the union should bring together the toaohers for consideration of important aspeots of their work, and that the toaohers should seek to fit themselves for the more complete realisation of their desires. The work of seeking the religious welfare of the children is one the importance of which cannot be over-estimated, and the large army of teaohers who go forth to teaoh and train them for God are amongst the greatest bene factors of their race. Seeing yon have honoured me with the opportunity of taking part in this conference, and given me an im portant subject to consider, I will at once ask you toaooept a brief statement on 'The aim of the Sunday sohool teacher.' The com mittee appear to recognise the faot that eaoh teacher should have an aim. This means that there should be oareful thought and earnest prayer, followed by direct effort to gain the object in view. It is to be feared that many teachers have not defined to themselves the purpose of their Sunday school effo:ts. Desire for occnpation is not a sufficient reason for being in the school, neither is love of friends and fellow-workers, but we need to have all our work for Christ in pulpit and in class more directly the expression of well-considered pur pose. And now, what should be the aim of the teacher ? Put emphasis on the distinguish ing word " the." There should be a supreme aim, and that nothing less and nothing lower than the salvation and religious oulture of the children. Conscious of God's love to us, we wish by service to show forth our gratitude to Him. This may be called the motive power, and the form in which it expresses itself is in your case Sunday school work. I do not know if teachers have sufficiently thought upon self-oolture and de velopment of oharacter as grand aims in con nection with this work. It is well that the teacher should aim to be, that he may be the better able to do. It is proof of wisdom when a person selects company, occnpation, or read ing which will tell for individual improvement on the mind, heart, and life. Thattoaoher will do well who puts the matter thus—' The con sciousness of God's love to me inspires me with desire to serve Him. I can best serve Him by seeking to save and guide and bleBS the dear children. The Sabbath school offers many facilities for that special kind of service. That I maybe able to honour God by doing tbis work I will diligently apply myself to the study of His word, and of the best ways of ac complishing His purpose in the lives of the children." Heed I say that such a defining to oneself of motive and method would be a means of soul-culture and a source of power. You will see from tbis that the great aim of the teacher is reached by attending to several sub ordinate aims. Each cause is an effect, and each effect becomes a cause. God the great first cause, and then causation goes on, maybe in endless progression. The great aim should centre in God. The second aim should be tho personal realisation of the Christ-life—the ideal life. The outcome of these in the teacher is the effort to save and bless the children, for whom Christ died, and who are objects of the Father's love. Then as a teaaher simply his greatest aim is to save tho souls of the children. Two questions might be asked at this point, and the answers would be of great practical value : " 1. What do you mean by saving the souls of the children ? "2. By what means may tbis be best accom plished? " 1. What do you mean by saving the souls of the children ? " The discussion of this question would soon bring us into theological debates which are not desirable in a conference such as this, but I may perhaps venture a few sentences entirely on my own responsibility. I regard salvation as either the rescue of those who are practically loBt or tbo prevention of evil to there who otherwise would ho lost. The former is our general idea of salvation, and that is reached D? ull evangelistic agencies. Tho Utter is not often taken into account, nnd yet it is tho only sense, I believo, in which it can ho said to save the yonng. Believing, as I do, that all infants dying in infancy are eaved, I also believe, it seems to mo of necessity, that ail infants liviog in infancy are safe. Dying does not save them, therefore they were Bafo before tbeydied. Such being kept in tbo simple love of goodness and truth, first as seen in gaod parents, then as taught to find tho perfect good of God revealed in Jesus Christ, may he saved from the evils which are in tho world, saved from untruth, and impurity, and envy, and enmity, and till that is cruel and unjnst, and mean, from ull that which brings the blush of shams and stains tho conreionco with tho sonse of guilt. Tho first effort, then, is to tako young lifo and keep it from tho evil which is in tho world, and nurse acd train it uphylovoand truth as seen in Jesus Christ. In so far as from any reason whatsoever tho child goeA wrong, and if it should break away from the truth and love of God to any degree, thon tho socond needs to be addod. We shcti'.d strivo to convert the ' icrier from tho error of his way ; for many of the scholurs arc wrong to some extent, though not so wrong as maoy othors who are far gone in sin. Thoso will need tho pratetivo salvation of which wu liavo spoken andl tho rescue solvation from the evils intS^-irblch they have fallen, and from the state of. heart whioh prompted them to stray; I have expressed it thus so as to avoid theological and eoolesiastioal terms as far as possible. _ By salvation of children I mean not the _ imposition of eoolesiastical rites or oeremonies, or the inonloation of the formal statements of theology, but the preservation of simple and beautiful ohild-lifo by bringing npon the children the blessing of Christ! or the rescue from evils into whioh any may have fallen, or both. In all oases there is a nature *hioh oalls for renewal in the love and trnth of Christ, and a life which calls for guidancs protection, and culture, for the divine glory' The teaohbr is uilder God, and as the servant of Christ, taking up this work of guiding protecting, and oulturing the lives of the children. "Ioomonowto the second question.—2 «B» what mean" may this salvation be best se" oured ?' How shall the teacher reaoh his ideal of servioe for Christ ? Lit us nsk where God begins, and where He has taught parents to begin. It is in the heart and with the heart. God is love, therefore He loves and we lore Him because He first loved us.' The first step towards the final aim is to love the children, and eaoh step needs to be prompted by love. To beget the confidence and affeotion of the scholars is essential, and these will not be given in response to anything whioh comes of mere thought or organisation; it will be in re sponse to oonfldenoe and love on the part of ths teaoher. It will be much easier to get the ohfidr.n to love God, if first of aU the can win their love to himself because of some what divine in him. The young will also go from the lees to the greater, and from ths known and seen1 to the spiritual and unseen. Love will do more than logio. Love is the highest learning. Love is the most effeotive disoiplinarian. Love begets love, and "He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him." Other inflnenoes spring forth from this, for love must needs be frnitfnl of results. Children are sooial beings, and the company of the Sunday school needs to be congenial. Seek to make it a happy family; give the scholars, as best yon can, an interest in each other. Organi sation has its uses. God is not the author of confusion. Love is orderly and methodical, because order is more pleasing than disorder to the beloved. School life forms companionships ' for time, and oven for eternity; bo it should be. Let the scholars find the school a home and a temple in one. The teacher will not regret any oare and kindness shown to the scholars. Each one should bo upon the toucher's heart, and something more than a few minutes' teaching on Sunday should come of being a teaoher in a school. I know teachers are busy, and have not mnch spare time, bnt those who have eider classes can. hardly expect to reach their aim, unless, indeed, it be a very low aim, by the Sunday lesson only. The young people are setting forth upon the way of life, and if they are to be secured for sohool or ohnroh, or for the cause of God and trnth, it is imperative that there he personal attachment between teaoher and scholar, and with a view to that there must he warm and loving interest in all that concerns young life. Not putting old heads on young shoulders, bnt keepingayonng heart in the teacher's hresBt. Teaching there must be, bnt the effect of the teaching, i i., the spiritual results, will depend more largely npon those cords of sympathy whioh hind this teaoher and the taught than npon any learning or skill displayed in the lesson itself. I do not undervalue anything which can come as the regnlt of stndy, organisation, or authority, but it is not possible to over estimate the value of the sooial and heart work, first as an aid to order, and then as a power for getting the heart for Christ. It the scholar loves you, and you love Christ, ths scholar will be predisposed to love Christ too. The teacher's aim may be secured by providing snoh pleasures as are of a social and helpful kind; and such lessons us are instructive; and such friends as are amiable ; and such devotions as are enjoyable. I hare said nothing about the Cross, but I wish for the shadow of tha Cross to lie over overy page. Teaching of'the Cross as tbo result of the world's sin and toe source of the world's . salvation. Let ths ! children be taught from the Cross to suffer rather than sin; to suffer, if needs be, for well-doing. Let them learn that Jesns by thus suffering conquered sin, and that having oon quored sin death conld not hold him, and heaven conld not refuse him. Trusting in Jesns they will receive of His spirit, and be con formed to His imago. Whin the scholar is be coming moro and more like Jesns, ths teaoher has reached his noblest aim. It will be helpful to teachers if thoy ore found at the prayer I meeting, and get the scholars to be there too. Bit with some of thtm, and keep them in countenance. Get them under the notios and into the acquaintance of the pastor, and have them mindful of the church as a home for ths heart in religious fellowship. Bo not make critics of the scholars by teaching them to note defects and faults in tho people or pastor of ths churoh ; rather seek to develop some love and oven prido on account of the pluce where they are taught, and tho church and all else con nected with it. In closing this short paper I can only pray that we may all be filled with ths Holy Ghost, and moved to such service and such methods as Bball have divine approval. May you all have a high and noble aim, and also tho plcssuro of scoing that your efforts are not missing the mark, whioh is to you ' the prize of your high calling of God in Christ Jesus.'" No discussion followed, and we understand the paper will be published in pamphlet form tinder tho auspices of tho Buuday Sohool Union. Mr. E. Gkegoey read a paper on " Sunday sohool addresses," in whioh ho dwelt especially on tho capacity and fitness of indies to engage in this work. Tho Sunday school was the nursery of tho church, and ha asked, Who so fit for nursery work as our sisters, mothers, wives, and daughters ? Ho illustrated what ho considered tho beet methods of inculcating the all-important truths of our religion in a lasting nnd attractive form to infant, minds. Br. WtnuAjr Hauvky. a visitor, endorsed the last speaker's remarks respecting tho capacity and fitness of ladies to teach the young by Sunday school addresses, stating that the London ragged school, which had had such success, and which had now developed into snoh proportions as a Christian institution, had had its beginning in the work of a fow yonng ladies, one of whom, he was proud to say, had now been his wife for many years. Be garding subjects he saw no difficulty. To teaoh, as to love, oame naturally to the ladies, and their own inBtinotire delicacy would always suggest suitable subjects. 