THE BALL AND BANQUET. The Town Hall is the evening vu the ■Bene of mirth and jollity, the occasion being the St, Patriok's ball and banquet. The building wis neatly decorated with banting, and the beautilnl^ banner of . the parish ..de pended' froth t, the ientre of the ceiling, displaying toadvsnUge iantinqaeBtioiiable I work At art. The room was taxed to its utmost capaoity, and a nnmber had to act the "wall-flower" owing to insufficient room on the floor. Very good muaio was supplied byi two young ladies, who presided at the piano.> All pretest seemed to thoroughly enjoy them aelrea, and the Unanimous opinion wm that they'had .never been at a tall where they ' •pent • more pleasant time. At midnight the oompany adjourned to the aupper room, where an excellent spread mi laid out by Mr. J. Clancy.. The cbut ^a« ooenpied by the Bev. jwbw Hpran.Ijtejrw^ajn feeigg filled by (£e Eev Father Husoes, Mr. jT Horwitz, M.L.A., Messrs. A. Morgan, F. B. Woods, O. fytktt, J. i. Gorry, and A. O'Leary. After •fair share of attention had been bet towed on the Mod fhinn provided, theCBAiuuv pro fioaMthe astuilloytd tossls, which were enthosi aatically reoelTed. The.OaAlBiuv then proposed "Hit Ex cellency. the Goternor,'' and in doing so said the tout^flfls B*6«Jlency »ws-4lways wellMf The next toaat, "The Day we Celebrate," ^&tomtto;^T^ey.^J. J. thatfew celebrations were ao general, none were more ao. He was much pleasfed to see almost every nationality, every interest—the squatting, tie oommeroial in all its branohes, the agricultural, etc.-»-every shade of political aniflyWli^loua opinion fepreiectod in tit* *s>wribl«ge before him. ,ltma jUUulolantly, non-representative to give point to Tom Moore a poetioal reproof ' "tot Mdn lOTBnberths dsjs •( old Ere her hlthl&s; sous betrayed her.'I The celebration, however, same only second in ikportaaoe initnow to tfeeriomfutohiipdi' tioal struggling for aelftgoveitataent ior Ireland) which engaged the attention of atateameu and others in every part of the British Empire. Father Honn then entered upon an elaborate defenee of the demand of Ir^men for Home Rule, and the following ia asynopsis of his remarks:—Those who de mand Home Eule for Ireland are not the foes but the friends of the unity and prosperity fit the Empire. ' They 'wish to remove a constant menace to her peace, and replace it by a -strong ana rename rampart, xaov wish to I ohMge the ja»t discontent of the jtrish people jntoa desto'tb lbyally battle* with the ex ternal foet of the Empire from motivei of self* interest. Thee* who denied Ireland that .light were the cause of thia national die content, and they were moreover denying to her that whioh wee uked in atriot keeping with (he Biitiah Constitution itself, whioh boasts of the Government of the people by the will of the majority of the people, due regard being bad for the rigUs and wishes of ttje, minority. Ireland plums' no more. M the late general elections aha returned. 86 Nationalist member* out of 104. Even the blaok North returned • clear majority of Nationalists. In (peaking of the eleotiona the Nea York Herald of the 19th Deoember says—Ireland ia praotitally a unit. The Daily Nnot advocatei Home Bole not, only on aoooant of Ireland's unanimous demand forit,but beokaie, on its merits,' it regards it u but fair and M the only aolntion ot the present difficulties, and alleges that Canada, leas than fifty years ago, wan as troublesome as Ireland ia to-day, bat Home Eule not only saved her but made her a bulwark to the Empire | whereas Bfty years earlier the insane refnaal of Home Rule loat as the United States, Styitold't Ifewtpaper (Radical), 10th Jsmuary, speaks tnus:—" The people of Ireland have voted for self-govern ment in the proportion of eight to one. The Vnion was never approved by the Irish people. It was aarriea by fraud, by bribery, and by parliamentary trickery." If, then, her Parliament was taken from Inland by snoh meana, and so muoh agatnat her will, do not Irishmen, in asking it back, merely oomply with the very oonstitntion nnder which England pretends to govern them, From the examples quoted, an<* whioh conld be indefinitely multiplied, it ia clear that Englishmen, Scotchmen, Americans, and fair-minded men of every coootry back them np in thia demand. Besides, tliey bad it before; it is no mere first trial to grant it now. The Parliament of England gave j Inland a Parliament of bor own in 1782, and ; the English Premier, CharleB James Fox, deolarea " the only way to govern Ireland was to pleaie the people of Ireland." For 700 ■years England has tried and failed to govern ' Ireland. Only poverty, discontent, famine, &c;„ resulted. For 18 years Ireland governed herself, and during that period ehe advanced moro than during 600 years of English Itnlo nearly doubling her population and commerce. Not only is Ireland denied Iho right to govern herself, which she proved ebc could do well and wisely wnen sue got mc cnance; not oniy i does England insist on misgoverning Ireland, and daily proving more clearly how eminently fitted the is for the task : but Ireland's 8G representatives aro completely overlooked in i the House of Commons, numbering 070 mem bars. The British constitution is overlooked : as well, and Irelandis legislated for in keeping < with the wishes and ill to reals of less ( than one-firth of her population, repre- j seated in Parliament liy only IS members. There never existed, there couM not exist, a I more complete sham of constitutional govern- I men I. Many honest men persuade themselves that the imperium in imperio, as they call it, of an independent Irish Parliament within the limits of the United Kingdom would not only be unwise but impossible. 'Such persons must surely forget that numerous examples of similar independent Parliaments, both insiilo and outside the British Dominious, prove not only the possibility but the ndvautage of such forms of government. Look at the dual king dom of Sweden and Norway. Do we forget the petty Swiss Confederation, or the power ful twin kingdom which supports the crown of' Francis Joseph of Austria, which woe saved | from being the ghost of unfortunate Poland | hy granting a separate Parliament to Hungary. What of that conglomerate mafia of aelf-govcrnod ' republics known to the world as the United States ! But why multiply outside exumpl>s. Let us examine those we find within England's own dominions. Is this great southern land of our adoption a whit the worse of her sevewl independent Parliaments ? Are not those very ! parliaments the cause or, and the safeguard to, the very liberty, prosperity, and contont which we enjoy f ' Are separate Parliaments not working similar happy results In the Canadian Dominion f Since Home Bule is attended by ' >noh bsppy, oonawjoeDces wherever it it tried, let British statesmen try it in Ireland. Any ohange from the present form of Government must be for the better. The Irish people londly and unanimously cslt for Home Rule, the British Constitution gives them a right to it, the most eminent English statesmen deolare they should get it, experience teaohes that they would make a good use of it. What more should be required in order to grant it? In askinjr you to drink the toast, I thank thoso of other nationalities for joining us in cele brating tthe day, and I trust that when we celebrate next yoar the sun will ha shining on >n independent Irish- Parliament. The Iter. Tatter Hvoasg said that to pro pose his toast, "The Lund of Our Birth," was the easiest task except to bofis the reV. chair- { man. with which he had been honoured sinoe1 he became an Irishman. (Laughter.) The j latter he always foBpd oafiier to leave antiied, j and tbo former was "all over bar shouting," and over to the satisfaction of even the most I patriotic. The national forroor rwith which j fiia countrymen celebrated that night's ban- ] <qaet, tho festival of their country's baptism bfteea hundred yean bank ; the patriotism j which fired their exiled faces on the feast day • of their fathWltind 15/000 miles distant; the union of thrir .local representatives of trades, societies, anfl (bationalitiee, wfco so heartily bestowed on them their co-operation and presenco; the distanoes whioh some of them had travelled, and the inconvenience whioh some of them- hid undergone to assist them'in honouring the land of oar birth, wpoke ibOro forcibly the proposal of that tout than ooald any living-tongue. They could, . therefore, drink the toast without one single farther remark. For if there should be a "ur-downer" or a German fonnd to disagree with him he would beg leave while ao many fervent sup porters were present, to say that we dis agreed with them, and reqaest them to grant him (the speaker) that privilege which his neigh bour at home granted the Dutchman hurrah ing for tl>at bourne from whioh few, if any, re tain. "'Every man -for hit own oountry,f was that privilege, and using tt they sang "hurranfor old Ireland." (Great laughterana applause.) Only through fear of detaining the ladies, who after all liked some other little things in the world better than speeches or patriotism be would risk to publish the secret that they ell'lored Ireland. And if he were to give a reasop it wonld be this s that whatever they had, notexoepting theirappetile and their want of wealth, they brought tt from boms. For the ahhnd&noe; ofths former tad Iwth of the latter, few statesmen conversant with the measures of their Qoveroment blame them, they rather pitied the dilemmeed stragglers in }he Imperial Parliament, who still "hope 4gatnst hope" to continue our supply of both. .For their filth they ansithtnlc their father? land, or 8t. Patrick, or both- . Who believed not in either must ohobse neither, for on that day one wold not be separated from the otktr. For thelr'valour thej looked to Fontenoy, Bale-. olava, and InVeraas, wlthont foil j for. motives of religion, the persecution* of their anoestors, the blood of their martyrs, the fidelity to a never-changed creed, point their course oat. J3at if there was wantingariyotW tie binding |hem to Hueirwm&y; it WM thatof tljrfr^o. pathy'with her sorrows, and ' (hat sympathy was in his opinion the strongest and closest tis spanning the dividing ocean. Replace •• her plundered hoines, her ruined shrines, her woman's pdgog -cry, her priesthood heated down Uke wbtvsi, her country overthrown," and (hby f ould find nothing extraordinary in Iriihmeo, exoept their faith and little less ordinary in Ireland than her own native Parliament. Distinionists. were happily growing-' tswec in that ,tte*r old, landiMUs Warwiok,* and when Jtayoioe ot the majoHty beoame law, there.'W fertiy *here else, some1 proud Irishman, whose hononr it may be to propose the health of (that Parliament on next St. Patrick's Day, God send, wonld merrily ^HSplnjinstrilia's woMa'we Wet, - J And we ne'er mty meet again ; In the for off Una where onr heap* are sot, Andpur Brat (and hoiei nmme. Bat ere w« leaVe thli festive hall While lades the mtumn day, let's toMtold Ireland, rightod Iceland, Inland, boys. Hurr»B I Mr. F. B. Woods, In responding on behalf of the soqb and daughter! of Brio, thanked, them for the enthusiastic manner In which they had received the tout of " The IadI of Oar Birth," «o ably proposed by the Rep. ! Father Hughes. He felt it an honour to be i asked to respond to ao important a toast) | unable as he might be to do it justice. The proposer, however, had don; his part ao well I that he had left him little or nothing to aay. It was no wonder that Irishmen should love their native land, when even the savage loved his country. If be were an Boglisbmad he should lom the chalky cliffs of Britain ; if he were a Sootohmau, he would lova the grouse, mountains and the.heather of Scotland j and, as an Irishman, be dearly loved Ireland, whose sorrows had endeared it more to Irishmen than perhaps any other country was to its own people. . 'But be Ijbpefl that better days were in store for that land, when, under wise legit tion,khappiness and prosperity will take the nlaoB of her sufferings and sorrows{ and he farther hoped that when they would meet again in the hall next year to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, they would be able to join hand in lund in drinking the toast of " The Parliament of Ireland," the same as "The Parliament of Queensland," under the British flag and orown, that crown and flag on which the sun never sets. (Hear, hear.) Then Irish men, like Queenslfui'lcrs, would be able to make their own laws and pass snob measures as would advanoe the interests of their country and brioft comfort and happiness to all. He felt proud to see so many representing differ ent nationalities there that night, as well as on the sports ground during the day* assisting the sons of bt. Patrick in celebrating their annual festival. It spoke well fur the har mony and good feeling that txistod in their midst. He hoped that their annual celebra tions would long continue to bo the sym'jol of national unity »od fidelity to their faith, anil that Irishmen would ever continue, as now, to live in peace and harmony with their fellow men in the colony, whilst cherishing those traditions and memories of Erin, so dear to Irish hearts. (Hear, hear.) Mr. D. M. CiwnnoN proposed "The Land of our Adoption." He felt proud at being oskert to propose tbo toaBt, but before coloring upon it he must congratulate thn Irishinon of War wick on thoir sports nnd ball and Unqnot. At AllorahD understood that Severn! Hiberninns worn to have gono to Emu Vale that day. but he did not miss any uf the eld familiar faces, as thoy still greeted him. Ho wag almost sorry that Australia was not the land of his birth. Ho had been in it for over 30 yeors, and he must admit that it was (ho finest country in the world. They had freedom here in its bust form. The Press was the only profession that was manacled. He only wished that Ire land was as free as Australia. (Hear, hear.) They had bore in Australia n wealth of re sources equal, if oot superior, tn any country in the world. Ttaero was a great futuro in store for Australia, and ere long he thought he would be safe in Buying that it would he the brightest gem in the British Crown. It would be a sooond United states. He had great pleasure in asking them to drink, and drink hoarlily, the toast of "The Lmd of our Adop tion." Mr. J. A. Gonxr responded. Ho frit great ploasure indeed at eoeing so many present, and was doubly pleased nt tho success which at tended their sports and ball and banquet. Be ferring to tho toast of the land of our adoption, Mr. Gorry said they had Mr. Dalley and a number of other able men who were a credit io tiin Australian colonies, who were fit to stand side by side with the leading statesmen of other countries, Anstralians had reason lo fael proad at the progress tbeir adopted country had made, and ere long he was oonvinoed lhat the land of their adoption—and the land of bis birth—would rise to the position of one of the leading nations of the world. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. W. D. Wilson proposed " The Parlia ment of Queensland." He did not intend to say very much about the Parliament, because his friend, Sir. Horwili, who represented them* would tell them more on that subject than he could tell them. He had derived great pleasure from being at the sports and ball and banquet, and ho was mnch pleased at the orderly character of the proceeding*. He bad enjoyed himself very muoh. Referring to the toast, he said, to use stereotyped phraseology, that''the Parliament of Queensland would compare favourably with other Parliaments. Sir. J. Hobwitz, ML.A., responded. He was very much surprised to see the tout of the Parliament on the list at all Perhaps there might be a reason for it. The only reason he could give was this s When the question of the Ki Harney line was brought before the Hopse, a select committee was appointed to inquire into the matter. He (Mr. Horwita). was one of the '-witnesses examined, and Mr Gregory tried to put him through his facings, hut he ooold not baffle bim. He gave mi evidence io mob away that Mr. Ch-egttry wqI nonplussed, and the end was that PMlsmerit believed his(Hr, Hoilvitt's) 4videno6 ;ratbet than aooept Mr. Gregory's idea. 3le (Mr. Horwitz) believed that».good few pwple left tim ■ th*t.«ay J>£ 4he «S^rnejf' tiatn,'-jura although some tried to made, .the sports a failure, and attract persons from the town, he was glad to find tu)t the whole prppeediqgt were a complete suooess. He xlid not thick that was the use for whioh the line wita Tinllt— to take people away from the town. Begird-, ing the line out west, and the via recta, he need not tell them that hewould do Ills. best to hare them pushed on as quickly as possible, He bdletedtne plans would be aabnutted.to Parliament early next session, and approved, so that the first eeotiou oould be started without delay. It was unnecessary to inform them that fir. Miles was hen • (ew week* ago, and iiad promised to bare plans so far advanoed that they would be able to lay them on the table of the House early next section. Theyaotild rest assured that lis (Mr. Horwiti) would do all in bis power to' have these two lines pushed ahead, as they were essential to the welfare of the colony. Mr, C. B. Davknev proposed "The War wick Corporation." It wsa veiy well .indeed for them to come there onoa a year and enjoy the hospitality of ths Irishmen of Warwick. They were always treated, kindly. He need not say that, for Irishmen were proverbial for their generosity. " The Corporation of War wiok" was a very Important toast. He {the speaker) bad got bis own particular idea about the Corporation of Warwiok, tn this fair land, in this continent of Australia, they were laying the brioks—the foundation—of a new world—« world in magnitude and glory. In ISO years' time these layers of bricks would have risen to suoh a height that the oldworfd wpuld be altogether ewipted, t'Irk, land Would then be • borseatatlon, Englahda Battle station, Sootlindibe top aUtia&knd; Walea tie receiving IteUon, ' Ves^^Sa would verily beooms superior to any country at present existing. Theirs-was a native-born Mayor—he was a briok of their own mthu-1 ftotore. (Hear, bear.) Mr. A. Morgan (Mayor) responded. The toast, hs said, was not ace which admitted hi a gnat deal pf talk. The history of Warwick needed no repetition from bim, beoause they *)1 knew it as well as he did. They had bore in the oase of the Municipal Council a speci men of that home rale whieh was mo mnch agitated tor in Jrelata. The prfnoipleof borne mle worked well in Australia, and be did not As why it should not apply to, and work equally as well in regard to, other nations. In ' speaking of load government in Queensland, he alluded more particularly to the Divisional Boards Act, which allowed people the right to manage their own affairs. Que of tho effects of the Divisional Boards Act was to relieve the ipembeta or. Parliamint from <a *Kreat faal'of unnecessary work, and also save them bom meddling in affsia whioh had heretofore led to them being termed 11 bridge members," colony. While tbeir jieighbopFa "Were in a slough of despond Qufcensfatid was fn a satis factory financial oonditloh.' If the system of looal government had been in operation in New Booth Wales, we would not have heard the other day of a defioit of a million and a half; but instead of a deficit there would bare been a surplus. Mr, A. O'Lea&t; propoud ''The CHengallio Bivlrional Boari." Hi to • bollmr fa the printiple of looal sovtrameac, and he thoroughy approved of Diviuonel Baud*. They had the prirllegeof eleoting their own representative!, ud of spending the. rates ooUeotM where oon I sidered most %eonury. Log-rolling >n pre Tented, ud the working man had a chance of' vetting ft fttr (hart of the public money. Before suoh «u not the oue. He hoped the dirleicn would protper under tho jchairtaanship of Mr. E. Morgan. Mr. S. Mobmh (chairman) responded. The Vstem of looal ioterument u applied to DivltipkLal Hoards had he«n upon Its trial for tlx hm, and daring that time it wu found to work aatUfaotorily. He wu a thorongh belierer in the system, beoanee it gate an op portunity {or the fcir t&d; eqaitet>le expenditure of < he money, and ai/Skuaf"** lie oooupied a «eat at the Board he would use^ta beet en* deaTonte to that end. Mr. 0. Baxeb propoaod "The Caledonian Kindred Aniooiatfoii," At gathering! like the present it was Tory hard to distinguish between Scotchmen and Irishmen.. Sootohmen were genuine white men. Mr. W. Allut (pr«»H»nt of the Caledonian Society) responded. It had been usual with him ainoe taking up hia abode in the district of Warwick to spend St. Patrick'a Day with them. He intended alwaye to So to, and he was ante that he would receive as hearty a weloome a* he had that day. He hoped the good feeling which existed between the two societies wonld long continue* a -hope which he faed not the slightest doubt would be tealiaed. It was not neoeasarr for tbem to draw the line between St. Patriok's Day and Br. Andrew's Day for when orn van celebrated, a similar oomplitnflct whb paid to I hit other. Tho following tout* vvcro ulio honoured i— "Tbe Visitors,' by the Chairman, responded to bj? Mr. Mtiiowpv i ','The f^adiM," by Captain Desboih, responded to by IdoMrs, H. Benjamin andC. E. Haybs ; "The Presa," by Mr. T. Muhphy, responded to by Messrs. Cameuon, Mohoan, and Holland, of tbe Atlora Guardian. Argus, and Examiner re spectively ; " The Chairman," by Mr. W. Allan ; and " The Vico-obairman," by Mr. 0\. B. Daveniy. The company then returned lo Ibe ball room, where dancing was kept up till clou upon aix o'clock. The gathering was a moat enjoyable one, and all present left the hall wilh expression! of extreme satisfaction: 