fH A Ann c , 1 \ I Hi I \ C; /,v 1 - \ By the author of "Phyllis," "Are those your orders?" demands he, sadly. "Do not enforce them. And there is another thing"— he draws nearer to her in an agitated haste, and his voice sinks to a whisper, "how can I go, and leave you here alone, surrounded by those who—at least—bear you no good will !" He breaks off abruptly as if sore distress, but in reality to mark the effect of his words. She has stepped back from him and her hand dropped down- wards and is clinging tightly to the cold edge of the marble basin. "Give voice to whatever is in your mind," she com- mands him, In a high, clear tone. But though her tone is steady, there is something wild and strained in the glance that accompanies it. What is it he is about to say to her? "Are you afraid to pub your insinuation into plain words? The worst enemies, they tell us, are those of one's household—who is it you would bid me distrust ? Speak!—Branksmere ? his grand- mother ? — or perhaps——" she draws her breath sharply, and the squareness of her mouth becomes more pronounced Madame von Thirsk ? " " You give me my opportunity," exclaims he eagerly. " Madame von Thirsk ! Do not trust her, I know but little, I have no right to judge, but—do, not, I implore you—place faith in that woman." A deadly chill passes over Muriel, Her own suspi- cions thus echoed by another seem to enlarge them at once to a gigantic size. But yet he may know nothing of that darker fear of hers, of that shameful doubt that possesses her soul by night and day. A terrible long- ing that this last indignity may be spared her, nerves her to answer him, " I fancied you were Madame's friend," she says, in a tone she vainly tries to render careless. " Did I not see you talking to her just now? It appeared to me that you held very amiable relations with her. I was wrong ?" " How can I say whether you are right or wrong ? She has given me no reason to be otherwise than out- wardly friendly with her. It is only some hidden instinct that bids me watch her, for your sake." He hesitates openly, and then leans towards her in an im- pulsive way that adds a double and most sinister meaning to his words. "I would be rid of this ac- cursed doubt," he says in a low, condensed tone, " tell me—you, who should know—where is it there is— between her—and Branksmere ?" Muriel leans heavily against the fountain—no answer falls from her lips, It is all over then ? The disgrace is known ! Those miserable fears of hers were only too well grounded ! A sense of suffocation threatens to overpower her. She feels giddy, and a strange buz- zing noise ringing through her brain distracts her. She is not conscious until afterwards that in this instant of agony she has unconsciously flung out her hand and laid it with a terrible trembling in it on Staines' arm, a trembling that betrays her ! Instinctively as it were she has turned to him for support, for succour. His pulses throb with unusual force as he recognises the fact, and closes his own fingers firmly over the beau- tiful slender ones that came to him of their own accord. Then in a moment it all passes away—her agitation —the anguish—the deadly shame. All is gone from her, and she is herself again, save for an additional pallor in her cheeks and a strange passion of fear in her grey eyes. " Must no man dare to have an old friend ? " she asks with an attempt at lightness that is only a a miserable failure. Her strength is insufficient for her whilst his eyes pierce her thoughts, and after a last wild struggle with herself she breaks down utterly, and buries her face in her hands. " My beloved ! That you should have to endure al this !' murmurs Staines in a tone so low, so replete with all the lover's fond indignation, that it is barely audible ; yet it thrills through her. And then in a moment as it were his arms are round her, and he has pressed her bowed head down upon his breast. She lies thore passively. At this time when her soul is sick within her it seems to her as if there was nothing at all that mattered. What are honour, loyalty, faith ? Words—-all words! Nothing remains but the knowlodge that all the world is at liberty now to jeer at her, and point the finger of scorn at her—the despised wife. Good heavens ! can such things be for her—Muriel Daryl ? 0, the old days ! The happy days ! When she reigned as a minor queen over them all ! When love brightened her path. 0, to be loved again ! To be able to forgot this part that has been assigned her— the role of a woman neglected by him who should be her guide, and guardian, and protector. And this man loves her ! This man whoso affection had seemed to her a little cold, a little careless in the past. She had wronged him there, Now in the hour of her desolation it seems good to her that love should not be altogether denied her, that it may yet be hers, no matter in how sorry a disguise it comes. To her, love is a pure and holy thing—passion has no part in It. To be doomed the one thing needful, the best, the dearest possession life can afford by one human crea- ture is all she desires. Ghosts of a dead sweetness rise before her, springing to life again beneath the burden of her grief. Must she with her own hands crush them back into the graves again. Is everything to be denied her? Why should she so greatly dread the world ; what can it give her save its pity ! She literally writhes beneath this thought, and a sharp sob escapes her" ! Oh ! to fling it all from her. To rush into another, freer life. To breathe again ! And here is a door to open to her : a means of escape. All at once a revulsion seizes upon her ; she drags herself out of his arms and stands back from him. With slow, shuddering gasps she catches her breath, Of what had she been thinking : she ? A terror has fallen upon her, strange, vivid, horrible ; a looking into herself that has changed and darkened her face, and made her look like an incarnate fear! Whither is she drifting ? " Muriel, you should not feel it like this," cries Staines, shocked at the expression in her eyes, " Hear me !" "Nay, sir ; be satisfied !" breathes she, heavily. "Am i not degraded enough? At your bidding all was forgotten. I do not see how I am to look anyone of them in the face again." She is not thinking of the guests within, but of Margery—pure, sweet, merry Margery—and of all the other girls and boys who call her sister. "Let us talk sense," says Staines, with a sudden roughness, that under the circumstances is only kind.' "The question now is how can I help you. I have nothing to offer—nothing save my devotion." " I want nothing from you," cries she, passionately. " That least of all. Did the whole world combine, do you think it could avenge such a case as mine? And you, of all others, how dare you offer me help? You to whom I have shown - ." Further words refuse to pass her lips, and he perhaps slightly misunderstands the thing she would have said. "No—help from you to me is possible," she says, presently. "Be sure of that. I will accept nothing at your hands." She is white as death, and her great stormy eyes are flashing. They fall upon the flowers she is still me chanically holding, and with a gesture of intense scorn she dashes them to the ground and treads them under foot. She turns upon him like an outraged queen. ' " Oh, that I could so trample out of sight all that troubles me,"she cries, her fingers plucking convulsive- ' ly at the soft laces that lie upon her bosom. As she so stands, beautiful in her grief and self-con- tempt, a soft, low laugh rings through the shrubbery upon her left. 