THE CRISIS. After a feeble struggle of less than two months, Sir John Robertson has been com pelled to send in his resignation. His Govern ment will be known in history as the weakest of all G-ovornments that have yet been formed in Lho colony. AlHiough many tottering and unstable administrations) have been seen since Lho introduction oi1 respon sible Government, there lias boon none in which the nece.'sanry element u 01 strength have beon i-o completely wanting as in thin one-. tiiv John had neither the colleagues 'Lo carry out ;i policy, nor a policy thai would give his colleagues a chance of holding Lheir ground for a single session. Even hod ho submitted a policy acceptable to Lho country when he rashly undertook to govern it, ho could not have weathered the storms o'£ dobate with such colleagues as he had. They were not alto gether the men of his choice, it is true.; but the fact that he 'was 'obliged- to fall back on them) after every other.eligible can didate for office had.backed out' of it, 'was ' enough in itself to show their, incapa- ?; city. It ? was enough, 'too,' to -show ' ':' the utter hopelessness of'*- his; position.- - From Sir Henry Parkes 'downwards, every prominent member of his party had dis tinctly shown him their opinion of his pros- . . pects by declining to join him. They had no difficulty in foreseeing that a Govern ment in which he was to be Premier had not even a reasonable show. Sir Henry Parkes's refusal was, no doubt, instigated by a desire to bring about the defeat of his friend's Government ; but, nevertheless, it amounted to a pretty plain intimation of that astuto individual's opinion. Closely following on that rebuff, cam6 the half-dozen . other refusals about which Sir John inno- ? cently gave the House so much infor^ mation. In face of this wholesale de- . sertion on the part of. men from whom he had every right to expect support, Sir John foolishly went round the ranks of his party from man to man, until he succeeded in get ting together the most unpromising lot of Cabinet Ministers ever seen or heard of. The Government was no sooner formed than, it was absolutely damned by the voice of public opinion. ' . ' - ,; The correspondence between his Excel lency and himself which Sir -John laid on the table yesterday does not place his posi tion in any better light than it was in before. It was in very questionable taste, indeed, that he allowed himself to favour his lordship -with a variety of petty details about the state of parties in the House. That amounted to nothing more than gossip, and was , al together out of place in such a communica- , tion. It laid him open to retaliation; and doubtless it will not be forgotten when the opportunity occurs for retaliating. The amusing assumption that he has a following of 50 members, in face of all that has hap pened in the House and out of it since he came into office, goes to show that Sir John's mind is subject to alarming de lusions. The suspicion is confirmed by his . actually asking for a dissolution: For no other reason, apparently, than to hold on to office for another month or two, he was pre- ' pared to go the extreme length of plunging the whole colony into the turmoil of another general election. There was not a shadow ' of a pretence, not even the ghost of an ar gument, in favour of such a preposterous claim ; nor could any Premier in his position, unless he was either the victim of a delusion or was utterly reckless about consequences, seriously dream of urging it. Eor even if: the Government was a strong one in itself, a dissolution could not be granted merely to givo it a chr.nee of retaining office ; and there was no other question on which an appeal to the constituencies could be made. The Government was defeated on its financial proposals, it is true ; but the House itself was a nowiy-elected one, and there is no reason to suppose that another House would be better pleased with Mr. Burns's scheme than the present one. JNor is there any precedent for going to the country on a mere question oi: finance. It is well settled that the Government can modify or even withdraw its proposals for adjusting revenue and expenditure, when they happen to prove distasteful to the House. Mr. Dib'bs with drew his echeme for a Property tax two years ago, and Mr. Burns could have done the same thing. He could have re- cast his Estimates at the same time, had he pleased. In fact, he could have presented ? a totally new budget and left the House to lick it into shape. That would not have been a very dignified course for a Government to adopt ; but it is infinitely preferable to a dissolu tion, followed by a mad appeal to the con stituencies on questions which are not questions of policy but of administration only. Two months having thus been wasted over this unfortunate experiment of Sir John's, the question arises as to what is to be done now? Itis understood that Sir Patrick Jen nings will be sent f or; and that he will endea vour to form an Administration, That he will find serious difficulties to contend with is obvious enough. Mr. Abbott, it is sup posed, is unwilling to accept office ; and it may be taken for granted that unless the best men in the party are prepared to ?join, Mr. Abbott will certainly stand-out. Mr. Garvan's attitude is doubttul. It was supposed by many that he was acting in concert with Sir l Henry Parkes in moving his resolution ; and if there was any truth in that surmise, he' could hardly take office with Sir Patrick. His speech on ? finance during the late debate was so thoroughly disappointing that in any case his appointment to the Treasury, ? for which he has frequently been named, would be viewed with distrust. It must be confessed that the formation . . of a du rable Government out of the available materials is' ' a regular puzzle.'1 The only solution, ,ofr it will be found in a coalition b^ween the Opposition and the. Goyern° xnent ; and the only satisfaction in the pre sent position of parties is. that, whoever may .take office, Sir Henry Parkes is put of it altogether. Had Sir John availed himself of his opportunities for bringing about a! coalition before he met the House, he would probably have succeeded . in the effort, and so established himself in office for; some time to come. It now remains' to be seen whether his successor can accomplish the ? task. . 