;|li||:|iMt-Gt Uancou0, , ? . ; 1Tli« JJSoaKiircless I-ccpB. I Uilhk'-soinetlmoB that tho sllenco itself has a 8onndlpB.i ghost, A'sli I (ness deeper than ocean, whoro gatlior the countless host Of Blmdes that aro shade's reflections, 01 dooms that are shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfathomod wnicn never In words find room. Thoro ftro thoughts which movo at midnight too 'loop for a vialon's roach ; There are waves deep down In sllcnco, too strong for the grasp of speech : And 11 mystic intuition in infinite dopth of ' spnee Too rnrto.lmprcsB reflections or shades on ft morlnl faoe. \Vo know in tho sllont chambers tho beats of a distant heart, Wo havo scon with an inner vision tho cur tnins o( silence port, , And fur in.tho shaded dlstnnco hnve rood, n« ; on mngic scrdllj ' ' ' : :i -??'? ;' . Tho words no sound could tittor, addressed to nn earnest soul. .??'? '. :, ' ?-?? '??' *;» There arc'thlngs so cioop arid ancrcd they fleo the approach of sound,- ,. There arjj idr.iw pure ^andholy no nfttnrnl hedgerpwB bound, .','.'?'.'.?'.'.'.'!. . .And somewhere, well adjusted, unseen, nn heard,' intense, '' Are tho truths which rench us only through.a seventh mysterious sense; ,: ' We hear not,. speak not, feel not,.. yet we think, and trnst, nnd know, While thu viewless myBtic currents sweep by in their endless flow, . : VVliile above tho mirrored crystal thoro fluttor the ghostly wings, ? , . And a boiir too sweet for language, ita jnbi ' lant anthem brines. Tho grandest truth of tho ages hatO' cntorcd tho heart like this, ?.- ? The things wo can novor utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift) shades of a shadow-thought, Havo flooded the soul with swectnoss in miracle wonders wrought. Wo know thoro aro soiil yibrntions, a subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something . so far boyond That It renches ns in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest .words aro heavy and burden them overmuch, . ? - ? So wo learn its benatious wisdom. Its; peaceful currents flaw .? .. ' «1 Too far for the roach of ovil, too high for the5' touch-of woo, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a placo which God hath guarded_with a Blleneo most profound. T Then wolocmo tho mystic message, tho peace beyond all compare, ? Tossweet to be grasped or .measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; . ..... The sign of a higher (presence, a rapture ? ? W'tlchrnay not censo Till it reach 'the -g?GC^ Nirvana and blend into endless pence. ''-'??., ^ *,:'^_-- - A symbol of something coming, revealing sometime to be, . . ;,.. _Tho ripples of glory lapping tho shord of an endless Boa : The secret of lifo eternal, too grand' for tho bonds of speech, ' .??'?? Convoying a soundless measa 0. to tho wait ing sonls'on tho bench. : .'?;'.'' ' ' So tho soul rocoives its message, by a route \- wo mny not. trace, . - ?-.? From~tho deeps whoro-fathomloss 'silence broods over in endless spneo ; .Whoro tho finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod ?.* :. - The truths which tho soul rcpoivoth direct from tho heart of 'God. . ' J. Edoaii J05R8. !..'? 