©rap (Mmmt. DRUITT TOWN. Public religious services wore held on Sunday, February 7th, 1886, in the Druitt Town Congregational Church, in connection with the first anniversary of L.O.L, 201, '.' England's Glory." At 3.30 in tho afternoon Divine service was conducted by tiro. W. Henson, M.L.A.. Tho Rev. Bro. T. H. Price preached a very effective sermon, having for foundation the words, " Remember the days of old." Appropriate hymns were sung, and the anthem beginning "Thine, O Lord, is the greatness," was rendered by the Congrega tional Church choir. The Brethren wore regalia. At 7.30 also a special service was held, Bro. J. Dinning, chaplain, officiated, and preached an excellent sermon to a large congregation. Appropriate hymns were sung, and. the anthem, "0, Holy Ghost, into our minds" etc., was exceedingly well rendered by the choir. On Wednesday following a tea and public meeting was held in the Con gregational Chnrch, which for the oc casion was tastefully decorated with bunt- ing, evergreens, ana mottoes or tno u. urange Order which were placed in conspicuous positions, the chief being, "No surren der," and " Civil and Religious Liberty." On the exterior of the building " Welcome" was displayed. Despite inclement weather the tea was fairly well attended. Punctual to time appointed, Rev. Bro. F. T. Trivett, called on all present to join in asking a blessing and the company then made an assault on tempting viands witlT energy, all testifying to the ability of the caterer, Bro. A. Wilkinson (of Allen & Wilkinson) Druitt Town, to whom great credit is due. At 8.30 a public meeting was held under the presidency of - Re v.i Bro. Trivett, P.G.C., who, after a short introductory address, - called on all present to join in singing " Hold the Fort." The chairman, the Rev. F. Trivett, 'having offered apology for non- attendance of the Grand Lodge Officers on account of impor tant engagements, delivered the following address:— " Many may raise objections against1 tho ' -religion we believe in on the ground of their '- being unable to understand it, or: because of inability on our part to explain (ox sentontia) the basis on which it is( built, viz.. the Bible. ' There is a proverbial 'expression used to-day, — a Job's comforter. Turning to the history of that patriarch we -find that Zophaf the NaamathitO accosted him with soine little wisdom and yot proved himself what ' is known proverbially as a Job's comforter. However, some honey of; wisdom came from the man; for he asked, " Canst thou by searching find ' out God ? Canst - thou - find out tlie Almighty unto perfection." Every sensible and thinking- porson of the ago will acknowledge there aro many things in the Bible religion which wo cannot, of necessity, fully understand. But it is not an essential sequence of- this admission that we are to . believe nothing of Bible religion. For the man who is not willing to believe anything which is above his reason simply proclaims his pride and arroganco. At the beat and" highest man is a vory defeciivo creature. His term' of education is usually some twenty -years, and at the age of twenty-five or there abouts,' lie has obtained tho best part of his education, the rest of' his term of natural life ! being taken up with some profession or calling, family ties and cares and social responsibilities. And averaging bis life at .70 years how can such a man, whose mind is continually drawn off from the infinite, even if he spend all bis available time in such special Btudy, find out the Infinite and Eternal God unto perfection ? But it is a query whether the scientific sceptic has ever investigated Bible doctrine with, the same application and honesty as he exhibits in his studies of microscope, spectro- scope, telescope, dissecting knife, or chemical apparatus. But his argument even then would be baseless, for there are_ countless things in the material world which tliey do not fully understand. Science must shake hands with faith in this respect, that she contains also things hard to be under stood. Sir Isaac Newton said, 'I have been nothing more than a little child who has picked up a few shells and pebbles on the shore of the ocean of truth.' We moct with difficulties in connection with the study of the sun and moon, the stars and comets, and the planetary system, yet wo accept in good .faith; the system of Newton and Halley and Herschel. Geologists speak with temerity on the age of , tho globe, the convulsions of the earth, and the change of climatic temperature, still we respect the utterances of a Bnckland, or a Phillij), or a Lyoll. There are deadly poisons; which insidiously work death in defiance of the skilful physician.: 20,00.0 die yearly. in India from the poison injected by the cobra's deadly fang. Hydrophobia lias, so far, baffled medical skill. Yet our faith in Liebig./and Harvey and Henter and Jenner, as the world's benefactors in their department, remains unshaken. Mystery still attaches to the laws which control electricity, heat, light, magnetism and chemical action. Yet from Faraday downwards,men of science command our confidence. Then there is the mysterious5 connection of mind and body which permits us to see in one . and.the.8ame child, at one time the; blush .of cheek caused by shame,- and. at another, time the .ashy paleness produced by fear — things which baffle inquiry. But -above, all these difficulties we have faithy and cannot say that we do not believe in the Book of Nature.. Thon: much is. said to-day about the laws of nature. But we know laws now of which our forefathers 300 venrn no rn Irnenr nothing, and may not further, discovery leave us in the background ? We cannot find God to perfection in any department of His universe, not even in our own planet : nor in the moral world ! 1 Can we, then; be reasonable to deny faith in Him, : because difficulties or mysteries of a similar character are found in His doctrines of religion ? At the same time it is not true that we can find . out nothing , of religion. For wo know /that there is- a world of Borrow, and pain, and sin and death, and that civilisation for eighteen centuries has not improved or altered it. We -also-.know that, there is a settled feeling, -among all nations' as to a life hereafter. We also know that the. only thing that ever enabled inon to look into death and the future -without fear was the religion of Christ. And we alpo know that the Great Founder of Christianity, is a great fact : , Rousseau said,, ' If the life and death of Socrates are those of a sage,,the life and death of Jesus are those of a God.' And Napoleon said, 'I know mon, -and I tell you that J esus Christ was not a man.' The true cause of scepticism , may be found in the head, and the heart, and the will of the unbeliever, and not in the weakness of Christianity. Let us, then, be honest in deal ing with secret sins, and with the use of means of acquiring- religious knowledge, ever bear ing in mind that we are hastening to a world where there is no doubt or fear, nor sin. And' though wo may know little, we can do much. (Continued applause.) The . audience were then favoured with a duett, .-' The .Two Lives," by Mrs. A. Allen and -Miss R. Pettitt, who gained great ap plause for their excellent rendering of tho piece. A selection from "Christian Choir " waSithen exceedingly. well given, by the Con gregational Church Choir. Next , camo a -quartette, "Yorily, verily, I say unto; you he that . hoaroth my word," by tho Messrs. Mossman, Bro. E. Moore,, and Mr. . Rowe, whifih .WftR'wflll rfififiiwH hu hhfi n7i?Anno: At tliis.stage, the chairman introdqeed Rev. Bro. Dinning, Lodge Chaplain, who delivered an address, of which the following is an abstract : — Tho Chaplain of the Lodge dwelt upon the following points in his addreB8.. Tho presence of an important educational element in' lodge meetings. Subjects were discussed . which tended to stimulate less informed members to read and think for themselves. ; The feeling: of human: brotherhood was strengthened .'by. - its ( practical development in the Orange; brotherhood. An appeal for help in the case, of a; brother, or those -belonging to him, in distress, ; whom they had not seen, > reminded ; them of neighbourly duty which human nature was too often prone to forgot ; the duty of- protestants in regard; to truth and liberty. False doctrines should be uprooted, by plant ing true doctrines in their..place, and, unsound principles by the substitution of sound: ones, Either for the propagation of its doctrines or the enforcement of its politicaljprineiples, tho Church of Rome presents perfect Organisation, therefore commands power. .It rests. with all protostants to be so united that the current of power shall flow in one (common direction, when the . truths and liberty they hold- dear: are. at stake. A soprano solo, "Tho Lord is my Shop- herd, was well and impressively rendered by Miss Mi Read. Then came a duct, " One day nearer," by tho Miss Mossman, with chorus by choir, exceedingly well (rendered, gaining rounds of applause This was followed by the recitation, " Room for the leper," given by Mr. Read, which, it is almost needless to state, gained the admiration of the audience. The programme was brought to a conclusion by the choir Binging tho anthem, " Oh, Holy Ghost, into our minds," as sung on Sabbath previous. Bro. C. M. Mills, then in a neat speeoh pro posed a hearty vote of thanks to tho choir and lady waiters at tea for their kindness in rendering their services for the occasion. This was ably seconded by Bro. Short in a very humorous manner ; it is almost needless to state ho was in his element while so doing. This was carried, and on the motion of . Bro. Thos. Robson, W.M., a very hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. Bro. Trivett, P.G.C., for the pleasing manner in which ho had performed, his duties as Chairman, and who, together with the VV. Master, of 158 L.9.L., contributed in no small measure to the enjoyment of all present. Tho thanks of tho lodge are due to the members composing the choir who so gener ously placed their services at their disposal for their .first anniversary. The manner in . which each item of the programme was re ceived reflects great credit, not only upon the members of the choir, but also upon ; Mr. Read, the choirmaster, who must be proud. to have such an excellent choir under his con trol, and to whom no small measure of the success, of, the evening is due. Miss E. Moss man,. in her duties, as organist and accom panist,; gave entire' satisfaction. The pro ceedings were concluded at ten o'olock by the hymn,, "God bless our native land" and the " National Anthom, all present joining there in. 