Burra Jottings. 0 , (Bx MOSQUITO.J Silver.—There is little stir amon|four silver kings again this week Messrs Sandla'nd, Duf field, Makin ancl others have commenced oper ations on their claims at Apoinja about 12 men are on the ground and in a few days I expect there will be some stuff to assay. The Black. Hills claims are quiet in consequence of the: owners trying to float a company. There are several men out Carona way. Some good stone has come from TJlooloo. Let us hope it may all be payable. Fire. A fire broke out on the premises known as &ir.; W. L H. Bruse's workshop jn Queen-st. Kooringa, on Tuesday afternoon, but fortu nately there were plenty of hands about and tha fire was got unc?er before very much damage was done. It is supposed that less than £100, will cover the loss. The place was not insured* Poison.—Some people here seem to have a. great down upon either the dogg about the to,wii or the owners, as poisoned baites have been put about in all directions, ana-several valuable dogs have been destroyed. The other night some person came to^oison a dog in Kooringa, and on the dog not tdking- fche^b^ifc the unknowa parson fired point blank at-tbe-dog andkilled it. " Moaquiro" thinks the authorities here are very slow to anger. BRIEF NOTES. Who shot the ghost ? Grand concert to-night in aid of the Morton fund. The •' fatted calf" was killed on Sunday .night last on account of return of the " lean one" Grand report on our Burra Public School (by a judge) far superior to any out of Adelaide. Another •' flower show" at one of our churches on Sunday last (harvest thanks) -ha ! ha ! Our R, V. F. here have now some of the smartest officers out. Sergeants and corporals you know. I notice by papers that a guest in an hotel in San Francisco whilst trying to kill a " Mos~ quito" with a towel broke a 300 dollar chandelier I know a certain parson here who is going for your oivn "Mosquito" with—I expect an umbrella, but I would advice him to mind his lamps. I notice that " Tomkie's" own, who resides, here, has gone in for a revision of tariffs. It'a to be hoped he will succeed, as he has tried several things but does not appear to have as yet got well soot-ed. Kid gloves aie getting to the fore here, just now our "paper" runner has a pair, but as he has began courting it is excusable. A Novel Wedding.—A novel marriage that took ptace near Silverton. Col, is reported by a Colorado paper. Miss. Mellie Conners, of Lake City, and Wr. Oscar Olsen, of iinnuas Forks, were married on the summit of the Divide, at an altitude of over thirteen thousand feet the party being on snow shoes. Miss Connors agreed to meet Mr. Olsen on the summit, bring ing her friends with her, and Mr. O'sen was to approach the summit with his friends, coming up on the opposite side of the mountaip. The bride left Lake City accompanied by her two brothers, and Olsen left Animas Forks at the same hour, accompanied by the Rev. Father Ley, of Silverton, and a few fr<" en da. The only way of scaling the snow covered mountain was on snow shoes, and the climbing was fatiguing. The groom and the minister arrived first at the designated meeting point, put they did not have long to wait, for the bride and her brothers were soon observed neai iug the spot, trudging along cheerily. Miss Connes seemed less fatigued than any other member of the party. After a short rest Father Ley performed the wedding; ceremony with as much impressiveness a3 if it had taken place in a church, ^ha min ister, the bride, the groom, and the witness of the marriage grouped themselves together as closely as the Canadian snow shoes would per' put. " « 