® R U M B 0 . Garner's. Vandalism. Vaccination. Academy of Music. The Ports got£96 5s. 2d. The Zoo is open every day, Taiaroa's cargo sold for £30: Vandalism by City Fathers. Dearer money, harder times- Sacred concert Good Friday- The Adelaides got £33 7s. 8d. The Norwoods got £1010s. 7d, Egremont returning this week. ' Strike at Mannum relief works- Caledonian literati meet to-night. Christchurch cordwainera on strike. The South Adelaides got £11418s. 6i. John Fairfax great on technical education. Jordan, the Sydney sporting man, is de?dr Stewart's New Guinea Expedition a failure. P. & O. boats arranging to escape quarantine. Season's sugar crushing at Mackay 22,750 tons. Bankers' Institute to be formed in Victoria. Mr. Booth gives the story of his life tonight. An illimitable future before South Australia, Tenrihle explosion at Lithgow; five -men killed. New South Wales Government in troubledwaters. Every one has a besetting sin ta which he returns. Clement Sabine's newborn piety ruled out of Court. TurkB and Greeks now coming to close quarters. Town of Stry bnrnt; 1,000 people rendered* homeless. Sydney Board of Health on the alert against smallpox. 10 per cent, reduction in wages of tramway employes. Cricketing Association have the best of the argument. Chimborazo's Victorian passengers to bevaccinated. A perfect encyclopaedia of Parliamentary, knowledge. Bungay v. Sabine—verdict for plaintiff £502 18s. 6d. Woolgrowers' Association looking to Japan for a market. Mr. Beresford's West Indian yarns will be sadly miwed. Shocking example—destruction of tree3 by> City Fathers. S.A's Premier can't attend Defence Conference. Why ? Five men killed yesterday at Lithgow Valley Colliery. Victorian Governor going under canvas at volunteer camp. Bishop of Mac rid mortally .wounded by. dismissed priest. Jarvis scored the century and over three times last season. Cannot a compromise be arrived at by those footballers ? E. T. S. busy touting for Victorian visitorsto our Exhibition. Preparing for Exhibition—good show ribs of tramway horses. Conference next week in Sydney on Colonial defences. Mr. Richards will review "Our Political Leaders" to-night. Police-trooper Downing died suddenly at the Port yesterday. £200 a year saved on the Rivoli Bay and. Beachport Railway. TheR.V.F. will communicate direct with the Chief Secretary. Greeks ordered to evacuate Zarkos Heights on Turkish frontier. Melbourne merchants tearing their hair over the telephones. Why should those trees, the growth of years, be destroyed? N.S.W. Legislature vote £17,000 a year for technical instruction. Captain Hay and hiifcrew have rescued- Venus from her bath. Some of the unemployed don't want wort. So the C.O.S. find out. Performance at the Academy in aid of the early- closing movement. , The bobbies stopped that pugilistic encounter at Williamstown. Watch to Brick Hannah, Know the tine, to commence and knock off. The Chief Secretary has spoken out plainly about wages for relief work. Brisbane Volunteer Encampment expected to include at least 1,600 men. Truth is as impossible to be soiled by any outward touch as the sunbeam. Good flour does not always produce good bread. Is it the brewer's fault ? Forty-eight cricketers scored the century and upwards during last season. Fig-trees at the corner of Carrie and King. William streets to b6 cut down. After his long training Mr. Beresford - should now stand for Parliament. The old game—Corporation destroying the costly work of their predecessors. Mr. Beresford resigned the Clerkship of the House of Assembly. Deep regret. That Jury couldn't swallow Clement Sabine's Providential responsibility. Australian woolgrowers arranging to establish woollen factories in Japan. Victorian Government purchased quarter million cartridges from New Zealand. TownBville Foundry and Shipbuilding Company's premises destroyed by fire. The Assembly without its Beresford will be as bad as Hamlet without the ghost. . Salvation Adjutant in Brisbane got two days in cells for tooting an instrument. Sun rose at 6.29 a.m.; sets at 5.28 p.m. Mcon rises at 6.53 p.m.; seta at 7.43 a.m. The twelve working-men's representatives n the Imperial Parliament are teetotallers. Good lymph seaeon. Cool leather Encourage sare arms and shut out smallpox. " A blight fallen upon the colony which cannot beremoved." Unmitigated nonsense. Superannuated Tommy Atkins to come to Australia. Better chance for work, says tfee C.-in-C. Melbourne Chambers of Manufactures and Commerce advocating intercolonial freetrade. Old (Indian) soldiers to be sent to the colonies instead of England. -Cemeteries not so crowded. P. & O. steamers won't touch at. either Port Said or Suez; don't want to be quarantined. Country districts crying out against the tariff proposals of the New South WaleB Government. " South Australia ruined past redemption." A twelvemonth hence will give the lie to that statement. The Clubs get 50 per cent, of the. net takings for both ground and stand—not for the ground only. Tramway horses now get an extra pound of feed daily to wean them from nosing around > for street ciumbs. So much for protection—S.A. wool from. 20 to 40 per cent, lower ; woollen goodB 10'to 30 per cent, higher. Paters and Maters, see that your olivebranches are vaocinated. Smallpox knocking at the side door. Quotation for to-day—Broad ideas are hated by partial ideas; this is, in fast, the struggle of progress.—Victor Hugo. The gross income of the Australian Mutual Provident Society tor the year 1885 was £1,160,418, being £134,589 larger than that of 1884\. - The Cricketing Association's offer of 50 per cent, of net gate moneys is better than the Melbourne Club terms by over £20 for the season. Parents, get your youngsters vaccinated for the Easter holidays. Give them some enjoyment, and by so doing they will not lose their schooling. His Excellency the Governor has expressed a desire to attend the Unkaparinga Meeting on Monday. Of course the committee will be very glad to see him, The man who lights a grass fire is in the same position as a man who keeps a Bengal tiger—he is responsible for the mischief it does if it escapes his control. It is said that in preparation for a bataille dts flturs at the Nice ^arnival, Lord Cairns ordered 10,COO white camelias, and hired two elephants to draw one of the boats of his yacht, to be arranged for the day of,,the flowery warfare. 