THE ST^YTELEER. Swalecliffe Castle. CHAPTER III. TUB SECRET OF SWALECLIFFE CASTLE. 1 How far to Swalecliffe ?' I had reached Wood End after dusk on a wild wet evening. The station had more than the usual Godand man-forgotten look of those wind swept, rain-rmsea naming piaces. x spoke to two human shapes, dimly discernible leaning against the pali sades — as I hoped, a supine porter and . flyman. 'Matter o' mile and a half, or two mile,' was the gruff, vague reply, denoting the speaker as an indepen dent Sykes or Hodge, with nothing to hope from me. ! I'm for Swalecliffe. Shall I find a trap to take me up ?' A suppressed guffaw of laughter . from Hodge. He nudged Sykes. ' ' Bill, here's a bloke for Swalecliffe. Wants to be took up.' ' 'Swalecliffe Castle,' I added; 'do yon know it V ray question provoking fresh, unseemly chuckling. TVia miaainrr nnnlan lv ova nnmo fft mV AUV iUIUUlUg VUl UV4VI vwrnw WW aid, and after ten minutes, spent by the loafing navvies in cutting in their vernacular incomprehensible but seem ingly surprisingly witty jokes at my expense, an open fly was fetched from the inn. The heavy roads made the' short drive almost long. The rain bad ceased and the subsiding wind blew in fitful gusts. Heavy masses of black cloud, like basaltic columnB, were ^.rifting away to the horizon. Over head the sky was Bwept clear, and the moon shone out with after-rain bril ? liancy. The vegetation of the country I was passing through seemed strik ingly rich. Huge elms, sycamores ? and beeohes overshadowed the road, their . trunks wreathed with onormous ivv-crrowtliB. Geography was never my strong point, but I fancied there was a river in those parts. Sud ' i donly we left the high road through the gates of a brand new rus ? tic lodge, and wound up-hill through J the private grounds of Swalecliffe, a \- dark drive of half a mile or more. On either side lay a picturesque jungle, ? jhadowed by an., overgrowth of enor . most forest trees, and stretohing on the ? left hand down a deep ravine, where the extraordinary luxuriance of the j vegetation recalled a Carolina swamp, huge masses of oreepers, loading the ? i / ! trunks and branches of the trees, \- made them look like misshapen giants. -: . : ' Bolow a dense, growth of large ferns, dark laurols, and' gnarled willows cov ered a marsh, revealed here and there ... .... by pool of blaok water caught by the ? ? ? moonlight. The approach as seen by 1 ' .me that night, was like somo fantastic . '' dreaui— a disordered fancy pioture of Doro's — where the contorted boughs take half-human forms, and over_all hangs some glamour of black magic. It was oppressive, .and I felt a sense of relief as wo abruptly emerged from the wood. . . High and dry on a grassy eminence the castle rose boldly befo e mo, strik ing, itself, from its size, its massive strength, and picturesque style. The gray stone looked, white against the dusky, bluo sky. . It stood, with its pleasure-ground and outlying buildings inelosed by a brick wall; like a veri table old fortress, with machicolated sowers, ana approacn unaer. tne gate way of a Gothic stone-fronted lodge — the. monster plaything of a merchant prince. . Matthew Parker met me in the front hall ' Just in 'time for dinner,' he an nounced. ' You've twenty minutes' to dress. David show Mr Mil ford to his room. An elderly, fatherly- looking foot man led me into a large, lofty hall with a skylight roof. Corridors opened on each landing of the stone staircase we ascended. Ho wonder Parker was hospitable, with accommo dation in his -castle for the whole country. I followed David down a long pas sage above, at the extreme end of which was my room. As he opened the door, a gust of air from the win dow left open extinguished his candle, lustead of first closing the window, he hastened back to the landing to get a light. Meaning to supply the omission, I walked into the room — the draught instantly slamming the door behind mo. It was a small, oblong apartment with a window facing the door. The breeze had parted, the curtains, and the moon's rays streamed in between them. As I passed the threshold I was arrested by an impression — unlike anything in my past or subsequent experience — an impression I can never forget, and would gladly never recall — fantastic, instantaneous, start ingly vivid. It was as if some strangely-clad figure were hanging, lurking, in the aperture between the window onrfiftinR. T stonnod. frana. fixed. I know the. spell lasted not a minute, but it seemed an eternity that I stood there alone in the gloom, under a strange roof, shut in with this mystery —the semblance of a figure and a face that I could not see. David re- entered with a lamp. As he placed it on the table the moon beams paled, the appearance resolved itself into an effect of light and shade: and now the man stood in the window embrasure, filling the very space oc cupied a moment ago by another. As he closed the window and drew the hangings 1 recovered myself, thinking ' We see faces in the fires, goblin shapes in . the branches of the trees, why not shadow figures in the curtains ?' . With David's help I contrived to get down in time. Parker's enter tainment was princely like his man sion. Young people were in the majority, the evening passed merrily in round games and impromptu charades, and at midnight I retired, Having laugnea away tne very recol lection of that extraordinary delusion that had signalled my first moments in Swalecliffe. I found my friend David stirring the fire. The room was more than warm enough, hut he showed an anxious solicitude for my well-being. ' I hope you'll sleep comfortable, sir Can I do nothing more for you ?' ?you might draw back the curtains,' I suggested as he Beemed desirous to be employed ; ' It's a nice warm night and T have a liking for fresh air.' 'I think you'll sleep sounder, sir, with them closed,' he returned with emphasis. \- I don't mind the moon. Tou can leave the blind drawn.' ' I should recommend you, sir, to adhere to the present arrangement.' ~ ' Is . anything wrong with the room ?.' I asked, struck by his odd manner, ' for a single man, David, the accommodation is excellent.' ' They do say, sir, as something is amiss with this apartment,' ' T)atnn 9' T snmrested lnokini* at him. ? Dry as an evangelical sermon,' he returned with solemn humor. 'Rats about, eh!' Oh, no, sir,' he paused, then added. ' And you don't believe in spirits, sir, of course. Neither do I. Still, there's tales and things one can't explain, and if you'll take my advice, sir, -you'll just let them curtains be. Good night, to you, sir.' It was with difficulty that I kept myself from betraying the unpleasant shock sent through me by David's parting speech. I had often desired to sleep in a haunted room, but my devout wish at this moment was that Parker had put me anywhere else. Second thoughts assured mo it was a morn coincidence. Hundreds of similar cases of ocular delusion are on record. I thought I could privately account for my vision in a way that precluded connection with David's untold tale. And a castle like Swale cliffe would bo incomplete without its ghost. I laughed, defied David and tho spirit-world, drew hack the cur tains, went to bed, and slept soundly all night through. After breakfast on tho morrow the guests were left awhile to follow thoir own devices. I strolled out on the lawn with a couple of country gentle men- to enjoy a morning cigarette. Wo sauntered some way along, the hill, to a mound which afforded an ex cellent view of tho castle, which we ?opjldraojuoo poX/u^s ' Cleverly done, upon my honor,' ejaculated Sir John approvingly. It looks uncommonly well. ' You never thought to find yourself inside Swalecliffe,' rejoined tho other, laughing. Something in the manner of their jocularity unaccountably reminded me of those rough loiterers a,£ the station. ' Swalecliffe Castle,' the speaker added, 1 s.junds fine. Well, we shall soon get used to it.' . ' Get used to what V I naked in quisitively. ' Why, don't you know ?' said Sir John, taking his cigar. from his lips. 'Is there anything to know? . I am a stranger in these .parts.'. ' Oli, I see.' He replaced his cigar. ' Well, till last year Swailecliffe was a prison.' This time. I started outright. ' Why, what's the matter?' be said laughingly. 'You don't seem to like the notion.' ' I don't,' said I, trying, but unsuc cessfully, to laugh also. Here was a second coincidence in itself preter naturally strange. Well, it was for sale cheap. Capital site, buildings and building material to treat as ho liked. The river's taken to overflowing, and for that and other reasons the convict establishment has been removed to Southbury, ten miles off. Parker bought up the land about, and will drain the marsh, so its been a good thing for everybody all aro nd But you can't get over it, I see.' 'A prison!' I repeated. 'There's something lugubrious in the idea. 'Well,' quoth fir John philosophi cally, 'you can't be particular about the antecedents of a house, as if it were a person. Perhaps Swalecliffe might stand, inquiry better that some old family places. It was a model es tablishment in every way. I had recovered my self-possession. ' Let us hope then it was unaffected by sinister associations. ' There is a haunted chamber some where, I believe,' said my companion laughing ; 'but who the enterprising burglar is who comes a-burgling is more than I know.' The subject was dropped. But al though persuaded not one ghost story in a thousand is worth investigating, I said to myself this was the one. I must question Parker. Not to-day, not till after the ball. I own I was not sorry that dancing was prolonged till broad daylight. Then only I re turned to my . room, for which I had conceived tho strongest aversion. I rose in good time, as I was leaving after breakfast. Parker did not ap pear, a slight attack of gout confined him to his room, where I went to bid him adieu, and found him cordial, jocund as usual. ' Always glad to see you at Swale cliffe, remember. We've made a pres entable place of it, have we not ?' ' If it were possibe,' I returned, with emphasis, 'to exorcise gloomy as sociations, you must have succeeded.' ' If ? Come, say we've done it, he urged cheerily. ' Do you never find nervous people painfully affected by anything here 1 1 have a reason for asking.' ' What do you mean V said he sharply. 'No depressing influences or uncom fortable stories to trouble you or your guests ?' Annoyed, he muttered, ' It's those confounded servants. Has tbat old fool, David ? ' 'He hinted something,' I said, 'I should scarcely have borne in mind but that four liours before, when first stepping into that room, I had a curious false impression — hallucina tion, if you will — tbat, coupled with his remark, warrants my question.' He shifted Ih'b position in manifest impatience, saying, 'Now, Mr Milford, you're a sensible man ; tell me what you saw, — what you thought you saw.' ' I'm a sensible man, I hope, but I fancy, were I to tell ,you, I should forfeit your good opinion.' He showed no curiosity only in creased vexation at' my disclosure. ' ' If this goes on, I must pull down the wing — if only to stop people's mouths. ... 'If what goes on ?' ' I slept there myself every night for a week aud saw nothing.' Has anybody but ihyself ever seen anything?' 'These servants see something fresh every night. What ? Black dogs, wnite laaies, men in armor, a sueieton rattling chains — nonsence on the face of it.' ' Does any story attach to that — cell, I suppose it was V My dear sir, you don't suppose I ever asked. If stories go about, I careiully avoid hearing them. But I will tell you the single circumstance I can vouch for in connection with the matter. ' Not long ago we had a lady stay ing here. She came to give painting lessons to my daughters — a clever artist, but of a nervous, fanciful, hysterical temperament. Knowing this I wished the origin of our castle to be kept from her, but somehow the secret must have oozed out. The builders were still at work, and wo were obliged to give her that little room. Ono night she came rushing to my daughters in a frenzy of terror and excitement at something she said she had seen. They succeeded in calming her, but nothing would ever induce her to re-onter that apartment. Nor at first would sho tell us what she had seen there. She was sensitive and saw we were inclined to ridicule her panic. She said afterward she would paint it for us, and sho kept her word. ' Have you kept the picture ?' I asked eagerly. I ' It so happens I have. . I meant to destroy it, but put it aside, aud for got.' ? I petitioned earnestly to he allowed to see it. He yielded at last with evident roluctanco. Opening a cup board iu the wall he took out a large canvas. ^ 'It's a. clever hit of sensational paintiug, theatrical, but makes an effective ghost picture,' he remarked, as he placed it in view. It's effect on mo was so strong that my utmost self-command scarcely kept mo from betraying an emotion that would have stamped me for ever as a madman or visionary in the mind of my host. How it callod back tho im pression of that night, down to the minutest particulars 1 The objects in the room soon unequally, some mere dim shadows, others distinct in the moonlight, the open casement with the parted curtains in front, and between them that sinister-looking figure in the semi- grotesque dress with the hidden face. ' You see,' said Parker by and by, ' how easily any one whose brain had been dwelling on the antecedents of Swalecliffe might conjure up such a vision.' I, however, had boon ignorant of the castlo's antecedents. 'Well' he concluded, ' wesliall destroy it now. I take no interest in these delusions.' ' Will you give it me V I asked. ' I do take some interest in these de lusions. I promise you to spread no foolish stories nor exhibit the picture at home.' 'As you please,' lie said indifferently. ' But how in the world will you carry away a painting of that size V ' Easily,' I said. Taking my knife I detached tho canvas from the wood and made a roll of it which I could carry in my hand. Tho circumstance was too startling too incredibly strange. I wanted time to recover from the first surprise, which was such that my reason doubted the evidence of my senses. (To be Continued .) 