PARIS LETTER. (rEOJI OUB UTO COBBESPOSDEST.) October ItHb. | " The conduct of Hussm 222 -Bulgaria za *riik~ out defence &a; it is without a parallel z xt is not less reprehensible in her trying to utilise France as a probable ally. IrreficCtive Frenchmen nibble at th:*3 fatal bait, bellev lug in the sincerity oi the Czar, despite bis stereotyped bad faith, his financial diffisnl tae^ and bis home troubles. If Germany looks with anxiety on any palling together of France and Russia, the znast blame her Chancellor, -who threw over the Bulgarians to the PantsgrneTian appetite of the Mnsco ^te, to buy off the rapprochement with France. This confession of weakness 011 the part of Bismarck has had a serious effect on the naturally impulsive character of the French, who seem to abet their eyes to ihs counter-combinations the Chancellor can organise, for naturally, in the life struggle between the t-co nations—possibly not so distant as many imagine—he will leave nothing to chance. It is considered that the Sultan, in bit? latest weather cock move to follow the counsels of Kussla and Francs—to eject the English from E^ypt—has dug the grave for European Turkey. Wars do not follow exactly the coarse sketched oat in divans and arm-chairs. Each new dsv brings its new complication, and fresh antagonism of interests. -And victory ever remains to the power which can hold out the longest. Opinion no longer rocks itself in the illusion of peace. The spirits of great events often stride on before the events z **and in to-day, already walks to morrow." Had it not been lor the presumed good understanding be tween freedom-slaughtering Russia and liberty-promoting France, the latter would have been more strong in her condemnation of the attempts to Cos-ackise the Bulbars, who respect the Czar, but abhor his despotism. ' Itisimpossibleaf tt^bezaoredat ihsstrn^cle between the Triton and the minnow. Civi lisation revolts against this abuse «f force, where the giant crushes the feeble because the latter doe3 not wish to abdicate its human dignity and become the instrument 1 or the giaut'ii designs 011 Constantinople. They are not the governments of Germany and Austria that will prevent Russia from consummating her iniquity, but the peoples of the first two empires, who deeiiac to inarch through Coventry. The financial condition of France continues to be very serious. Another loan is already on the tapis, and perhaps may not be the 1^1—for iu borrowing money, like promoting reforms, there is no finality »t would seem. The budget commission and the government are at loggerkeadea* tohow to raise the wind. The commission insists on getting in the thin end of the income tax,snd it if to be fer vently hoped they will snccted. That is the only means to compel the nation tn look into the cost of colonial expeditions and atina ments. The War and 2s*vy iiinht-rs re quire some additional millions to ke^o abreasi with Germany and England. Clearly the pace cannot be kept up. Some persons .endeavor to give a political complexion to the King of Greece spending some of his holidays in Pari?. A lew iron clads sent by England and Italy will keep the Greeks sober ; daring the Crimean war some French soldiers wtre Sanded to temper the ardor of Hellenic patriotism. Italy is a formidable naval power, and known to be the firm ally of England. If the Sultan threw himself into the arms of Russia the Greeks would hare a letter chance. 1 hey tvonl illustrate that there »ie two Greek churches, as the plucky ISalgars prove there are two kinds of Slav*. An important t»cli tician remarked a few days sgo that a great European struggle was imminent, and that a good international blood-letting was the oulv cure for the reigning political" social, and commercial ills. iUore interesting was the employment of the time of the Qaeen of Greece ; while her husband was undergoing interviews, and doing the mutual admiration business, this lady, simply and quietly, visited several of the charities of the capital, cud especially *kcse_ for alleviating the lowest want, and the direst ivSrin:t e.a. She did woman's work, and as she is lumored to rule the kmg and keep Athenian sccsetv etrah*kt laced, she may he expected ± » apply the re sults of her euquiries to the amelioration of the condition of the sick and needy inter own capital. Any visitor Paii3 wLorise3C-aiiy must be struck with a claps of i.-nns dru*ing small cait? drawn by donkies or ponies, and going from house to house with c*cs and ba*k*-ts coOectiug broken victuals. They arc the Petites koeurs or ^kittle Sisters." They belong to an asylum worked by their order, and which receives only inmates whose age and life -1 isks are over, and who stand on the verge of the tomb A portion of the establishment is set apart for decayed servants, or those who desire I > die in peace, on payment of a small annuity. A few years ago" I visited the institution, and it was the perfection of organisation and cleanliness. There are inmates over 90 years of age, and their caprices, or whims, are as kindly humored i as it they were babes brought up in the lap oi purple and fine linen. The Qaeeu took I rier part gaily in speaking to several of the 2??aV3» 5?Pec3a% =" old woman, 94 Years ! old. the little queen of a ward, who calls her j arm-chair bed her throne, and invited the i royal visitor to share it -.r.ih her—which was ! done. There is a special branch of the rc!i?ei!*€>, tha2fnrsing Sisters, whose duty it islo go ant 23 nurses in the desolate homes nf work people, and nurse the invalids there. They accept no recompense, not eyen a glass of water- They also have for mission, to re ooncneseparated families.andres tore harmony a. fire-sides. They often catch a mortal disease, or snccninb to physical exhaustion. One had rust died the day previous to th» Queens visit ; her Msjsefy insisted on bein» shown ti the moiiuary chamber—a cellar underground. The deceased was reclining in an arm-chair, in her bridal costnme, the same she wore when received as a nun she was very handsome and young, and ap peared as in s smiling sleep ; around her were white flowers, and two tapers burned Ti. "A aide. In her hand was a scroll. r fr -ea Vked fo Bee !t : 5t was the record of the signed vows of the departed. " What faith she mnst have had," said her Mai-sty in a sobbing voice, " to march thus to the Infinite, to the dawn of felicitv !" It is perhaps only a countrywoman of Telrhiand Tonrguenef conld really feel the heantv of suck a. deatk. The mnst profound impression perhaps ever made on Parisians was caused by the death of the Russian peasant in the bos plial from wolf hydrophobic. Tcli his death at hand, the 3Joujik demanded ir> !>e placed on his kueee, and, in the tttl tude of prayer, expired. It cs>t3 ii-ti the shade the legend; th:->$ "emperors should die .standing.** There. 13 a cm~ade to have the lunacy laws.amended. It is to be hoped the first change will or, not to libert te any inmates, to test sanity, culess accompanied by keepers. - As in every"country, it is not the getting info, hnt_the_gerting ont of, the asylum which is the difficulty. Karon Hanssmann's nephew appears to have been incarcerated without .the.u*ic#*£sary formali ties r perhaps to obviate a criminal prosecu tion for attempted murder. The ingenious simplicity of his escape, and the inability to discover his whereabouts, seem proofs that lie had not lost his senses. An ex-soldier named Louvery was incar cerated in the lunatic asylum of Autan t pending eleven months, he was confined in a gpll ; chained by the feet, and to a wall, aa cattle are tied up when feeding in a meadow ; his arms were also confined in a kind of stocks. Be worked with a Baron Scheock tenacity, and effected his escape, taking with bim his fetters, which he deposited with the local commiesary of police, and implored hie protection. Investigation established the truthfulness of the charge, and further, that the unfortunate man never had been fnaane. The gendarme Cab:?, who she t a yon°S man dead, while walking with his love through a wood to a suburban railway station, has been acquitted. The deceased seemed to be laboring under the not at all unfounded impression that the constable was a re&diriste;, as it was twilight ; he rushed ; forward and broke his crane over the officer's head, when the constable drew a private revolver, lodging the ball between his aggressor's eyes- There was no premedita tion ; the gendarme szmply lost his head. The case was tried before a conrt-martial, and illustrated how little sympathy, still leaa fa ir play, any policeman can expect from civilian opinion—and which in advance him to he too good for the guillotine. So far as the administrative part of the Exhibition of 1SS9 is concerned, it is now organised, and, to all appearances, well. Is there any mystery with regard to the inten tions of the monarchal powers of Europe, to put the Hepnblican centenary into Coventry, Rosea certain ly could not join—stihe present —such an alliance, and England certainly never would. j k 31, Renan has brought oat another philo* sopuical skit, called the Abbess* de Jouarre The author indulges in the usual flummery 1 about the trae, the beantiiul, and the good, etc. His last bagatelle still left Creation occapied making the Creator. He gives 110 news as to what ttigeof progress that philosophy has reached. Perhaps it trill be made known in 14 our next,^ as M. Kenan is occapied withau exhaustive work on modern religion. The cry is still they come. But tj return to our uioutons* The Abbess is the spirit of the snperiuxesa who presided over the ancient courent oa whose sits the college of Prance, or the Sorbonne—close neighbors—was founded. The Abbes3 ia reproached for her *t»t* of celibacy, and the inutility of her ciout^r life. In a word, the old, old story 1 Shakespeare disposed of the whole subject iu three lines, commencing with *4 Hot eMthlier happy i* the rose dis* tiJJ'd.*' Kenan beats the idea into a volume. Honor to whom honor is due. The Scandinavians have now the crank for trade schools. The originator of the plan was the Swiss, J. J. -Rousseau, who in hx3 Enute— that no young lady ought to read under pain of being lost — laid down the principle that every pupil attending school ought to be taught some manual trade. Iu Sweden, Denmark, and Finland, the name "Sloyd" is applied to the system. The aim is to alternate studies, or book knowledge, with training in some or dinary trade—carpentry, locksmith, ttx,— graduating the industrial iustructoa accord ing to ihe-a«e of the scholar—commencing at four years, up to the period of quitting the school. This; addition of hand to the pro gramme for head work is calculated to make pupils love and honor labor ; to be useful iu their own homes, and, if destined for arti sans, to be more skilled for their vocations. Ficebel has demonstrated the utility of the system in his Kindergarten plan of teaching the yonng idea how to shoot. In Paris the trade schools are so numerous, and so well attended, that they have practically killed apprenticeship. With the view of giving an impetus to the increase of population, it is proposed that all j persons born in certain large cities be exempted from military service. This privilege exists ir, and only for, Constan tinople. Better exempt a paterfamilias with a certain number of olive branches from the blessings of the coming income tax. Paris is about adopting the rale for the grand opera that exists in London exclude all who are not in evening-dress from the boxes and pit. Perhaps this might recuscitate that old ghost, the entente j cordtale* Parisian writers have been de nouncing England and American tourists for appearing in the pit of the opera iu travel ling costume. They never tried the plan of ut t taking their money for the seats, and so keeping the benches—empty. General Boulauger, wh"m the monarchal press represents as on the point of invading Germany, keeps never minding the charmers. He has decided that heiicefoith no military reviews shall take place on Sundays—the soldier must, too, have his day of rest. What's fan for civilians on such occasions is hard work for the brave** The servant girls ?re as happy as houris : they love the niitiiaires* 