Answers to Correspondents, -Aa wa are constantly receiving inquiries from all parts o tho;colonies respecting tlie circulation,-of the varloui metropolitan newspapers," it wijl sa'ye-: mach time an< trouble it we now once and for all give the" real facts. Th< Sydnoy EVENING NEWS is tbe most successful oveninf paper in Australasia. It has a daily'circulation of ovei 60,000 copies. Among the weeklies'tho TOWN AND COUN TUT JounNAL occupies-far and away-the pride of place its circulation hoing throe times as.-large as that of an; other weekly newspaper in these COIOÛÏCS'.TÂ J. N. (Kilmore, Victoria)-Answered last week. -Prospootor-Camph,oll's Assaying, 8s,-ppst free, .Physiognomist-When eyobrows moot ibis hold to denoti ounning.y. <? i.¡ c tj \- J. A. -(Wallsend)-Campin's Mechanical Engineor, 3s post free.. . , < t ¡Cornelia-We think the height ot $he Queen is abou 5 foot 3 inches. . . ' Anxious' (Wallsend)-1. We. do not.iunderstand thii question. ¡ 2. No. ; ? ' Anxious (Capertee)-We can anBwbr>by. post onlv h exceptional instances. r ' ' , , ¿Brand-Inquirer : Tho cattlo: brand . LIT belongs t< ? George Little, Casino. -.$(..» ¿> North Shore-"We cannot say, unless; you mention wha kind of deed you refer to. - - - ; . ' . S. " W: (Sydney)-"Wo do not think anyone connected witl tho affairis now in Sydney. : '-y Subscriber (Moama)-Wo have [searched \for the adver tisemont, but cannot trace it. 'i, ( T;i,C."; (Millthorpe)-Prom the.mother.:'You have n< legal control over your sister.. ^ -x'^'i -'n : . ? Platelayer-(Narrandera) : Try Vose's Minual for Bail road Engines, 64s 6d, post free. í -t < , i E; N. (Bowral)-No, hut there is tfprroason why you: official assignee should not sue.,. r r r. . ?E.CSG.-Wood's Natural History JofrNew South Wales 8B 6d,'post free, from any Sydnoy.bookseller.; Au Old. Subscriber-The lease is absolutely void. (Soi tho Otb sec. of the Crown Lands Act of 1874). Coffeeplantor (Lismore)-We are endeavoring to ohtaii praotioal information on the points raised'hy you. ,N.:X.'B.-1. The Crown would prpsecute,? 2. Give inf or mation to the police, who will tell you what'to do. 'Subscriber (Wollongong)-You should obtain Look oi Gold, its occurrence and extraction, 60s;-post free. H. M'Q> (Lismore)-The Young Mechantes, 2s lOd post free. ? Bemrose's Fret Cutting, Ss.Od, post froe. Soionco of Life-Delta : A secondhand copy of this worl is on salo in Sydney. The p-ice is 20a or 21s,. post free. . . Maitland-The swelling should, bo troated only by c medical man, as the cause may ¿ot "be that supposed by you, Volunteer (Oranee)-1, Cannot say for certain, but think not. 2. Handwriting needs more-ease;. .It is olear, bul inelegant., " ,. i N. M.-Certainly not. A husband'cannot be punished for a crime perpotrated by his wife, Unless. ho was ar accessory. . - 'v ?-? »???? W. C.-Cobbett's Grammar, when' procurable, genorallj costs4B'6d post freo. Durham's- work-is not at presenf obtainable.' /. , D. D.-After ohildron aro-16 votirs old tho parentt have no power to prevent thoir leaving them (tho parents) if they ohoose to do so. ;?>?'>?:??.:: Buying Goods on Sunday-Nowelilnn asks :'IfThought goods at a store on Sunday, could'I bo compelled to pay foi thom P-Certainly you can, ? ' ; . v Charcoal-Subscriber (Bourko) asks whether- charcoal is injurious to fowls, as his fowls .-oat a good deal of it? Certainly not ; quito tho reverso. :, . . iNewohum-Armstrong's "Sheep ¿Husbandry," Cs 6d post freo, might answer your purpose.. We will send it on receipt of stamps for that amount. , - , A, C. (Buoklov's)-The worlcs tn whieh" you refer aro Phillips's "Ore Deposits,"29s,nnfl;P.hillips's"Elements of Metallurgy," 37s 6d, each post free. T. M'Vie (Rockhampton)-The c*o)dor tlié maohmo tho harder will be the ice. Study a little more closely the instructions given witn the machine. _ . _ ?'Regular Subscriber (Barmedman)-The Sydney dealers in bicycles sometimes have secondhand, ones for sale, but your best chance would be to advertise. ; ,, ' Palling Hair-J. T. (Barmedman) t Ono of the best remedies for falling hair is frequent cutting and brushing. Wo'much doubt the utility of any thing else. vii M; (Enngonia) : Kid skins are largely'used for tanning, but we doubt whether,such àn industry as that described would prove remunerativo in NeW South Wales. . E. , H. C., (Moonan Brook)-Messrs. Lnssetter and Co., Sydney, can supply the iñdiarubber, "also tho American lampblack, tho price of which is about 4d per lb. ;, Públiotíouse Hours-An Old Subscriber asks :. Can a publican keep his house onen after ll o'clock at night j änd4s'h9 allowed to sell spirits on Sundays P-No. ' Wife of Criminal-Edina asks : A mau is under committal for trial for stealing from à dwellirighouse. If found guilty and sentenced, can his wife get a divorce from him P-No. . Comb' Foundation-P. 0. (Cordeaux Eivor) ¡ You can obtain comb foundation for- box-frame hives at 3s 6d and 4s por lb,.from Messrs. John T. M'Innes and Co., Sydney. Constant Subscriber (Bathurst) ! If your first husband should prove to be alive, the second marriage would bo null and void ; but you could not be prosecuted for bigamy. ? Parental Control-Fathor" asks,! ; To ¡what age has a father control over his daughter?-After the dauehter is 16 years of, age the father, has 'only a moral control over her. " r','.."/. '.';''."' -.' ., '" ''' , MáWnal Control-Subscriber^asks : 1. Cou tho mother of my hired crirl, aged 14, take her from my employ against tho girl's wish?-Yes. 2. Also, can the mother claim her wages?-Yes. ? ? ¡- '-. Subscriber (Dandenong, Victoria)-There are no data to enable us to compute the number of tons of 2>opor annually consumed in produoing tho London TIMES and the Now York HEBALD. .; - . Z.-Write to the Eogistrar-Genernlagain/askiug him why the deeds havo not been sent ; aud if you stilt get no satis faction from him, instruct a solicitor or laud agont to got thom for you. 1 Mummy Applo3-O^ffeoplauter (Lismore)' asks: Cnn I grow mummy apples by single fruit, or shall I have to plant in pairs? The China dato will not grow oxcept in pairs. By single plants. C. C. (Coonabarabran)-The linos V And now tho gold of the Wattle glows With Shamrock, Thistle, and tho Roso," are by Gerald Massey. . Disputed Relationship-Old Subsoriher asks ! Supposing au aunt dies, which are uoxt of kin, the children of hor brother or those of hor Bister ?-Both stand in tho same . degree of relationship. _ Inquirer (Ipswich, Q.)-Write to the Registrar of Wills, Sydney, who will inform you tho cost, whioh depends upon the length of the will, and on rocoiptof the amount for ward you the copy roquired. .' \ ' 0RI°?,FCAL BRU1C Notes-Busy Bee (Mouut Kembla) : Hold, ors of theso rank as ordinary creditors ; but we do not know me- ,°íiy0J? ?laAVi w,ou}a now bo admitted. Write to the officiai liquidator, Oriental Bank¿ Pitt-street, Sydnoy. ' ?^Ani-i.ous Subscriber-(who also signs himself ABC p) : If you marry ngain the mnrrlaeo would he illegal if your first wife is alive, but you' couldnot bo indictee! for bigamy as you have not heard of her for more than sovon yoars. ¡ Legal-Incognita asks ¡ 1. Can a policeman or a warder in a gaol keep cattle in tho town, to tho annoyance of his neighbors ?-Wo do not know of :'any law to prevent his so doing. 2. Is thoro any prohibitory regulation P-Wo know of none. : ; : Husband and Wife-Inquirer, writos ¡ A husband and wife agree to live apart, tho wife going into servico for a livelihood. Tho husband,dios, willing tho whole of hts property to relatives. Hus.the wife any dann on tha estatoF-Noue at all. ' ,' ,L . Old Fruit Treos-A. D. ' E. (Yass) asks whether aged fruit trees should have tho dirt.hoapod around tho trunk or not?-No. Koop tho trunks clean, aud dresB iu wiutor time with Gishurit compound. 2. How is the name i " Helena' ' pronounced ?-Hel'-ena, Eight of "Way-Tramper (Bega) : A beaten track at the side of tho roadway on.another person's laud does not make a right of way. The owner would be justified in erecting a fence to keep people off his land, and compel them to walk along the Government road. Collécting Bent-Poor Mah (Sydney) : The landlord ia bound to como to tho premises for the rent, and he ia bound to como to tho premises for possession at the ter mination of your teuanoy. He cannot claim rent of you after having accepted tho key and taken possession. Weakness in Dog-Bushman : The symptoms appear to be those of mange. Dross the irritable parts dnily with sulphur ointment. This remedy, though not poisonous, must bo used sparingly if the bitch is nursing the pups. If the complaint is mango, the puppies aro sure to catch it. Loss of Cont in Dog-Eodfern : Loss of coat is frequently tho result of worms ; give, after twenty-four hours' fasting, half a drachm of powdered areca-nut and two grains of santonin in a little milk j two hours afterward a table spoonful of castor-oil. Eepeat the vermifuge in a week. Ants in Pantry-Housewife : Take a white china plate, and spread a thin covering of common lard over it. Place it on tho floor or shelf infested by tho troublesome insects, and you will be pleased with the result. Stirring thom up every morning is all that in required to set the trap again. Intestate Property-Simpleton asks : If a man has pro perty and dies without making a will, leaving a wife and daughter, to whom does the property go,?-The widow takes one-third, and the daughter two-thirds. 2. Is it a fact that the Government can claim half if there is no wül ? No. ' Legal-Subscriber writes : I sold some laud, the money to be paid when I got the certificate ; but I am now told there will be an inquiry into the matter. I sold my sheep to the Bame party. Can I claim any pay for their erass, as I have not given up possession of the land P-Certainly not. ? '?: - W. S.-"Wo do not see what benefit it can be to the liquidator to insist upon the retention of your hame on thc list of contributors. The shares for which you are retained thereon are fully paid-up shares, and.there can be no liability upon them, as the mining company is a limited 'ono. Anxious One-To enter tho Eoyal Navy you would have to proceed to England, as the Admiral on the Australian station can only accept candidates under extremely excep tional circumstances, and thou they must be able seamen, Your best course would be to i.write to Admiral Tryon, Sydney. v:;);.~ ??^j-;^ Eemoving Hair from the Face-All. depilatories are more or less dangerous, one of the safest being a strong solution of sulphurot of barium made .into a paste with powdered starch. It should be applied': inmediately after it is mixed, and allowed to remain oh tho skin for five or ten minutes. "' ". ?.'/.'..' . . -Vv''. Actions Against Government-^Veritas (Wentworth) asks: Is there any limitation of time in bringing an notion against the Government for illegal imprisonment, as I am bringing other charges connectod with the. illegal imprisonment first P-You cannot bring au action against the Government for false imprisonment. Date-marks on Plate-Curious : Thfs is a letter of the alphabet, whioh varies every year nnd with the different British companies. Each piece of plate made in Britain is supposed to be stamped with tho 1, hallmark; 2, duty mark ; and 3, datomark. There is also a standard mark and a manufacturer's mark. Claiming Mare-P. O. (Natramine) writes : I lost a mare last October. She was sold in Sydney on November 2, and was gazetted bofore being sold. Sbo is now wonting in ' Sydney. What steps should I take to recover her P-You do not state by whom the mare wns sold. If by a pound keeper, you have no redress. Splitter's Licence-Subscriber (Bethungra) aBks : Can a person holding a splitter's licence go in opposition to a squatter and split timber on his (tho squatter's) pre-lense or grass right?-No, he has no right to fell anytimbor on Crown lands of any kind without first obtaining permission from the Lands Department, Kimberley-L.C.G (Coonabarabran) : 1. The number of persons who have loft Brisbane for tho Kimborloy diggings cannot be stated, as many proceeded first to Sydney. 2. The wages obtained by .butchers and storekeepers in Bris bane is about the Rame as in Sydney. 3. Business is at present very dull in Brisbane. Poncing on Land-Blue Bottle writes : I selected a block of land four years ago, with three-quarters of a mile of wire fencing upon some belonging to the squatter. Is the latter justified in taking it a vf ay, or can I prevent him from removing the same P-You ban prevent him and sue him for trespass if he comes on to your laud. Fencing-Subscriber writes : Some years since I erected a substantial wiro fence on the boundary of my land, Eecencly another person has taken up the land on the other side of this fence. Can I not demand from him half the cost of the said fence P-No, unless you gave him six months'notice of your intention to erect it. Alleged Libel-Molbournite : The statements of whioh you complain are apparently slanders, but to maintain an aotion you would have to prove that the words were spoken on an occasion when they would be likely to injure you. With regard to the Melbourne gossip, yon would have to be able to tracé the scandal to your slanderer. Proving Will-r-A Poor Widow : There is no time limited by law within whioh a will must be proved after the death of tho testator to insure its validity, but the law requires that it should be proved within a reasonable time, and any unusual delay in proving it will have to be acoounted for by the person seeking probate, before tho Court will grant it. Letters of Administration-T.W. writes: A youog man died at the acre of 18, whose life was insured for the sum of £100. At the time of his death he was living with his father and mother. Must his father take out letters of administration before he can compel the insurance com pany to pay him the £100 and tho profits accruing to same ? -Yes. \- Eesidonco on Selection-Silver Thread (Cobar) asks: 1\. If a man takes up a selection in a, wild part of the country, can he compel his wife to live on it, she being often in a very delicate state of health ?-Wo should think not. 2. If the husband fulfils all the conditions, will tho selection bo forfoitod if the wife does not make it hor home?-No. Agricultural-Selector (Canowindra) ¡ 1. Anderson and Co., Sydney, will supply you with.buckwheat at 10s 6d per bushel. 2. Tho same firm are selling sunflower seed at ls 6d per lb. 2. If you have a registered brand, you would be enabled to prosecute anyone using samo.- Without some such precaution two or three persons might be found using tho same brand. ' Shoemaker's Wax-Z.B.A. kindly furnishes tho following rocipo : Place llb of best black or yellow pitoh and 2oz of tallow in a saucepan. Slowly molt till it roaches the boil ing point, and then let it simmer for ten minutes. After ward pour it into cold water ,"and work it up well with the fingers, and cut into pieces of convenient Bize. Keep in water till wanted. Curing Sheepskins for Mats-D.C.K. ¡ Pulverise and mix well together a spoonful of alum and two of saltpotro. After sprinkling the powder on tho flesh side of tho skin, lay the two flesh sideB together, leaving the wool outside, fold up as dry as possible, and hang in a dry place. In two or three days tako it down and scrape it with a blunt knife till oleau and supple. . Drink on Crodit-Ono who Wants to Know asks : 1. I had drinks from a publican without paying for samo, merely telling him to book them ; oau he recover tho same, tho amount being £1 2s öd P-No. 2. My wife.wliohadnionoy of hor own beforo I married her, buys some freehold pro perty. Could my oroditors soizo the same if I wore in difficulties at any time P-No. Theatrical-An Amateur asks : 1. How to blackon the face in ordor to appear in a nigger farce P-Mix powdered burnt oork with beer or grease, tho latter being preferable. 2\. How to whiten the faco in order to appear as a ghost in samoP- Common ohalk or whiting will do. Thoro aro Boveral preparations used by professional actors, but tho I abovo will answer your purpose. Debility in Dogs-Housekeeper : When recovering from distemper, docs aro generally in a debilitated condition, Wo would adviso you to havo tho following pills propared, and givo one twice a day :--Eeclpo ! Sulphate of iron and sulphate of quinino, of each 12gr; extract of gentian, ldr. To bo divided Into twelvo pills. Also give a tablespoonful of cod liver oil twice a day after foeding. Defaúltiuff Employe-Constant Reader (Peakhurst) writes! 1. An omployo of mine two years ago left my sorvico, having received moneys on my aocount. I did not prosecute, but accepted promises to pay, and have received half of tho amount. Can I prosocuto for tho other half, or take any steps to recover P-Yos. 2. I also owed him niue days wages j could he legally deduot it P-Yes, J * Debt Collecting-Constant Eeader (Newcastle) asks : 1. What are the'acts or statutes most useful to a person t commencing the purchasing arid collooting of rents and ] debts and general accountancy business P-We do not think i it would be necessary to obtain any such works. '? 2. What i is the commission or percentage. usually charged by those collecting debts P-We think from 1 to 8 per cent. Partnership Responsibilities-Avon asks : When two parties enter into partnership can one of them transact j business on his own account, at the same time neglecting tho business of tho Arm, without sharing profits, if any, or 1 giving his partnor compensation?-This should be pro-. vided against by the partnership deed, but if it is not you have no remedy save by dissolving tho partnership. Bungaree Art Union-In reply to a largo number of . correspondents, all we can say is that the promoter states that no drawing has taken place, nor hos any time been in dicated when it is likely to take place.. Although there are some good names on tho prospectus, they cannot act as a drawing committee until all the shares ai e sold. Six or eight months ago, at most, half of the shares had been dis posed of. Marking Ink-S. J. H. : Dissolve separately nitrate of silver loz and carbonato of soda l\oz in distilled water. Mix and collect tho precipitate in a flltor. Rub it up in a marble or earthenware mortar, with tartaric acid 3dr, and distilled water 2oz. Then add it to a mixture made as fol lows :-Sugar 6dr, gum arabic lOdr, and a little water in whioh orcMl has been dissolved. Tho writing should be done with a quill pen. Yearly Hiring-S. M. (Randwick) asks ¡ Whether a man and wife, having hired themselves for a year, could, by giving a month's notice, leave the place, as they do not approve of it ; or are they bound to stay the year out ? Could the person to whom thoy aro hired prosecute or stop their money if they leave the place before the year is up P They must abide by the termB of their agreement, and can be compelled to ful&Tsame.; Judge's Associate-Lex asks : 1. What are the qualifica tions necessary to bo appointed judge's associate?-There are no special qualifications that we know of. 2. In whose hands is the appointment permanently invested P-The judge has tho power to appoint his own associate. Sup posing I possessed the necessary qualifications, what stops should be taken in makinjr application for such appoint ment?-Find a judge willing to take you. Smoke-stained .Engravings-A. P. (Gerogery) writes: I have some valuable steel engravings, the white margins of which have become stained with smoke. Could you iu ,f orm me what I had better do to whiten the margins again P -If the Btains are ineroly superficial, they can bo removed bv rubbing with clean dry bread. If they have penetrated the texture of tho paper any attempt to chemically remove thein by an unskilled porson might endanger the engraving. Property of Infants-A Minor (Sydnoy) : Infants' pro perty in the hands of trustees ought to be accumulated at compound interest. The greatest possible care and caution should be exercised in dealing with any money or property in which infants aro interested, as they aro not competent to look after their own interests, and if thero has been any negligence or breach of faith on tho part of the trustee ho will, no doubt, sooner or later, have to pay dearly for it. Mange-Adeliuo (Braidwood) .. Make an ointment of flowers of sulphur and lard or clean tallow-an ounce of the sulphur to 8oz of lard. Rub tho ointment into every part of the skin, not omitting behind and inside the ears, &c.; Mix a little sulphur in the dog's food. The next day wash the dog quite clean in a warm bath, and when dry apply the ointment again, i Afterward bathe and anoint him thrice on alternate days, omitting to anoint him on the last. Inquirer (Garra)-1. Tho Prince of Wales has'never visited Sydney. 2. Gladstone is considered the best orator in the British Parliament. Previously tohis.time Fox and Pitt were regarded as being tho most eloquent; but there are several claimants to the honor. 3. It is not proper for a gentleman to walt with a lady without first asking her consent. 4. A person must loam a fair amount of history and geography before he can pass the Civil service ex amination. ' . i ' ? Horse Trespassing-Enquirer (Appin) writos : I have a strange horse running here, I cannot distinguish a brand, the pound is twelve miles distant, which would cost a day's time if I sent him ; have I any pówor under the circum stances to impound on my property P If not, what course should I take?-You are only justified in keeping the horse impounded on your own premises for a reason able time, and must when that has expired, remove him to tho pound. '?. ? - Divorced Husband and Wife-P. H, asks : If a man gets a divorce from his wife, can he follow or find out whére she is, and try to prevent her getting a honest liviug. It is now ono year and niuo months since the dfrorce. Can Iget an order to prevent him doing as stated Pr-Wbon the divorce was granted his control as a husband ceased, and he has rio right to interfère with y ou in any way. If he does, take out: a summons at the nearest police court, when he will have to find sureties to keep the peace. Intestate Property . of Married Woman-Perplexed Widower: There is no difficulty in tho matter. In the case of tho death intestate of a married woman, the personalty would bolong to her husband on his taking out letters of administration, and tho freeholds would belong to the hus band for life, being a tenancy by courtesy; and on the, death of the husband the real estate would go to her eldest son, or, in case she left rio son, to her daughter, or, if more than one daughter, to all her daughters equally. Browning Gun Barrels-(Kangaroo Cainp) : Tako blue vitriol loz, sweet spirit of nitre loz, aquafortis Joz, water 1 pint. Dissolve tho blue vitrioland nitre in the water, and then add the aquafortis. . Clean the barrol well with whiting to remove the oil, then rub on the mixture described. After about twenty-four hours, rub it off with a stiff brush,1 and wash the barrel in water, in ..which a little pearl ash or soda has been dissolved, afterward rinsing in clean water and polishing with a brush and beeswax. Staining Ivory-H, F. (Tumut) : To .. stain ivory red, make an infusion of cochineal in liquid ammonia, and soak the ivory or bone in same, having previously placed thom a few minutes in water slightly acidulated with aquafortis. Green is producod by dipping the ivory in vinegar in whioh verdigris has been disolved, taking care an earthenware pan is used for thatpurpose. Yellow is produoed by stooping the ivory first in a solution of sugar of load, and then, when dry, in a solution of chromate of potash. Undischarged Insolvent-D. D. D. writes : A sevontoen months ago beoame insolvent in Victoria, and with the verbal permission of the official assignee was allowed to come over to Now South Wales (although not having re ceived his officiai discharge). ' Can his creditors touch any property he may acquire from savings out of his wages in Now South Wales, seeing that he gave up all ho possessed in Victoria?-Yes, until ho obtains his certificate the creditors can take any property he may acquire in Now South Wales. Gingerbread-Smudgor : 1. There aro, several ways of making gingerbread, but you might try the following: Treacle fib, Bugar jib, butter 6oz. Boil together for five minutos, whon pour on l2oz of flour and add a teaspoonful of powdored ginger and allspice, with somo gruted lomon rind. When cold, put on baking lin and bake. 2. A Ídumber is ono who works in lead, tho name being derived rom plumbago. 3. It is impossible to stato whioh of the three countries, England, Scotland, or Australia, pro duces the best ilumber. Tobacco Smoking-Bourgeois (.Gorriugong) si. We really aro not in a position to stato whether tho mujority of ministers of tho gospel aud physicians smoko tobacco, but we do not think that tho majority of those who do smoko boliovo tho habit to be injurious to health. 2\. Not only the Rev C. H. Spurgeon, brit also Mr, John Bright, M.P., are smokers. 3. Tobacco smoking is popularly supposed to havo boon introduced by Sir Walter Raleigh from South America. 4. Tobacco smoking is not mentionod in tho Biblo. . Writing Ink-Economy : A good writing ink oan bo made as follows :-Powderod sulphato of Iron loz, powdored log wood loz, powdored galls !ioz, gum arable loz, white wine or viuogar ono quart. Auothor is :-Bruised Aleppo galis Coz, soft water six pints; boil togothor; add 4oz of sul phate of irou and 4oz of gum arabic. Keop tho whole in a uottlo in a warm placo, shaking-it occasionner. In two mouths pour it into glass bottles, and uddto oach pint three or four di'ops of creosote. Add loz of brown sugar to eaoh quart, and it becomes good copying ink. LoRal-W, C. writos : In June last I was residing in a boardinghouse as a constant boarder, when my busiuoss necessitated my departing for another looality. payiug my aocouuL, aud loaving my oxcess luggago in tho caro of tho lnndlord. On returning I lound that tho proprietor had sold his business, aud that my goods, with a lot more that wero, I thiuk, depositod as security, had boen sold by publio auction, tho man then clearing out to another colony. What remudy do I POBSOBS P-You must first find the landlord, and-then sue him for the value of the goode. Intestate Property Abroad-Constant Subscriber (Bolong) isks: 1, If my father dies in Aruorioa, possessed of pro perty, not having any son, but having daughters, and his wife having died before him, would tho daughters ,be able to claim the said property P-Yes,* if tho father: died intes tate, and the law in America is tho same as in New South Wales. 2. Would the oldest brother of my father be ¿ble to claim before tho daughters, my;father having died with out a will ?-No. 8. Does the same law regulate and deal with property so left in America as in England?-We think so. ' .. Fencing Dispute-An Inquirer (Quirindi) writes: Ihave selected one hundred and twenty aores adjoining some land selected ten years ago, the owner of which erected a fence two years before I solected. Ho wants to pull- this down and ereot a new one, I to bear half tho expense. Can ho compel me to do so, or bring me under the fen'oing clauses of the Crown Lands Aot of 1884?-Your, neighbor can give you six months' notice to repair your half of the dividing fence, and if you do not do so after such notice he can repair the whole fonce, and claim half the expense from you. ^ . The Egg Plant-H. J. (Mackay, Q.) asks for a recipe for using the fruit of the egg plant ? Sho says, " Ihaye.tried them fried and boiled, but they were nasty ; do you know if they are used as pickles, or to make a jam P "-They are not, so far as we are aware, of, used either, for piokles or jam. For eating they should be properly cooked, as fol low : Pare, quarter, and boil the fruit until soft enough to mash. When mashing add a little bread crumb soaked^ in milk, with some chopped parsley, pepper, salt, and a boiled onion. Mix well, pour into a baking, dish, cover top, with grated bread, and bake for half an hour. , , Legal Agreements-Maj ester writes: I haye sold a* farm to my brother for £285, and ho agreed to. pay for same at the rato of £50 per annum. 1. Is it necessary that a lawyer should draw out the agreement between us P-No. 2\. If we draw it out ourselves, and duly sign it ia the pre sence of witnesses, will it be legal P-Yes/ 3. Wliatstâmi» will suoh an agreement requiro ?-A shilling' Htamp. 4. 'In case of any rupture or. dispute between us, i will such an agreement, thus signed'and stamped; be accepted in a court of law as sufficient proof, and completely bind b«th bf us to the conditions sot down therein P-Yes. 11 Transferring Selcotion-J. F. A. writes: I selected 6ifl aeren of land in 1883, and now-wish to have it brought under the Laud Act of 1881. Can I transfer it at the end of flvo years from the time I solected, or what residence havo I to fulfil before I can transfer it P Arid Swill I have to bring it under the new Act before tho three ytars expire? Would it make any difference in paying the interest?-The land cannot be transferred until after the expiration of flvo years from tho date of purchase.- As regards interest, tho purohaso may be brought under the operation of tho present law, which roduces tho rate from 5 to 4per cent., by ah application being'madoin form 16. (See Crown Lands Regulations.) ' ? ? ? r ...v Geographical-J. H. (JerebatriGully) : 1.- Amsterdam Island, in the Pacific,' is 4$ miles long, 2i miles wide, and 2700 foet high. It is uninhabited. ; 2. Campbell; Island is 36 miles in circumference, but we do not think it is in habited. 3; There are several islands named, St. Paul. Wo presume you moan that in tho Indian Soo. - If so, it is small and uninhabited. 4. The water from some warm springs can bo drank with safety. It depends wholly; upon tho chemical constituents. 5. Tho fiist number of the TOWN and COUNTRV JOURNAL appeared-January 8, 1870. 6\. A father has legal control over his son <until he is 21, Your other questions noxt week. , : , : ¡ .<,.' Wilcannia to Grafton-S. G. : 1. The best route to take a team from Wilcannia to Sydney is as follows :-From'Wil cannia to Cobar, and thence Nyngàn, Dubbo,'- Orange, and Bathurst to Sydney, the distance being about 670 miles. 2. Tho Bame from Wilcannia to Grafton would bo up the Dar ling and Namoi to Narrabri, thence by Bingera, Inverell, and Glen Inues to Grafton, the dlstanco'being about 770 miles. 8. We cannot say whether, the laud mentioned ig still open to selection. You should writo, to Mr.*. W. Clarke, Crown lands agent, Graf ton. ' 4. The cost of clear ing sorub depends on so many circumstances that wo could not give an estimato without knowing something " of tho position and oharaoter of tho selection. . , : ; . Motions arid Amendments-Subscriber writes : A motion and an amendment are put before a public meeting, t. Four vote for the motion and thréo for the amendment. .-The chairman, after taking the votos, votes also for the amend mont, declares the voting a tie, gives, his casting vote on the same side, and declares the arnoudmont. carried. ¡Was tho chairman acting in accordance with rules of püblio meetings in doing as above ?-Certainly' riotV Tho chair man has only one vote, and if by giving it he would make the number equal on either, side, he should refrain from giving it. The chairman generally, reserves his vote as a castin? vote; but there would be nb objection to his voting with the majority or the minority if his vote did not'tend, to make the numbers equal. .< ., .- , . Land Dealings-Old England asks : 1. If I buy a piece of land, the terms being that I pay off tho amount in seven years by monthly payments, can I obtain the deeds'and sell the. land before tho amount has boen paid iii full P-No. 2. Who has to pay for tho transfer; of* tho doods, and how much would it amount to ?-You would have to pay for the transfer yourself. The cost would depend on tho value of tho land and tho trouble incurred. In the absence of information on these points wo can form no idea of what it would bo. 8, What would tho charge bo of a surveyor to peg out twenty aoros in allotments, or would it be just as advisablo to peg it out oneself?-The charge would depend upon tho nature of the land, arid other ciroumotances. We would not advise you, ibo,peg out the land yourself, but to get it inspected, by'ia sur veyor, who would then be enabled to form an estimato of s the probable cost. V, ??..>..., - ., Responsibility of Priuoipals-Bushman writes : In March last a travelling agent for an insurance company collcoted £10 6s from me, and gave mo a receipt for the same, as premium for an insurance on my life. He used a printed form of tho company's, and signed his namo as " travelling agent for the company," I was duly- passed by the doctor, but not receiving my policy I wrote to tho head offioo in Sydnoy, inquiring tho reason why it had not boori sent. , They informed me they had received the doctor's certifi cate, but noithor tho proposal nor tho' möriey from' the 1 agent, whom they acknowledged as travelling for them. '»I \ have since wi itten to them, but can obtaiu no satisfaction. 1\. Now, can I hold the company i esponsible for tho agent's actions in the matter ?-Yes. 2. If so, thoy not having kept their contract with mo by insuring my,life, oan I now withdraw tho proposal, and domand the return of tho money from the company P-¥ es, but your best course la to write to the company, demanding either tho return of your money or tho policy. . - ; Piomolon am-Yet anothor recipe, this time from Mary Cobon (Brookfield), who writes : Cut tho molon into slices ono inch thick, at tho samo timo gotting all seeds out. y Put it ia a boiler, addiug from 41b to Jib white sugar to every pound of fruit, nnd lot it stand through tho night.,. This causes tho wator in tho melon to drain, aud allows the fruit to be boiled vory rapidly for about an hour, or until tho contents begin to thicken, whon gradually slow, tho boiling until finished, whioh will bo from throo to,'four hours. Tho main thing is to boil rapidly at first tb save time and labor. It only requires an occasional stirring at first, but must bo constantly watched when getting thick till taken off the fire. Lot it stand in the boiler till cool, not cold, wkon add ossonco of lemon aud tartaric acid- ac cording to taste, and bottle. Cover the bottles with paper, using some whito of an ogg to fnsteu. Do not uso aftollor with the tiuliuing gono, or it will require much labor to koop from buruiug. I always have jain ready for use,' nevor buy any, and tho jam is just as good at tho end of tho yoar as whon first mado. Old Government Grants-Mr. Obed Wost (Barcom Glen), whoso recollections of Sydnoy during , its oarlior days aro intorostiiig aud worth pro serving, writes . I notico in tho TOWN ANO COUNTRY JOURNAL of the 7th inst that a correspondent isdoslrous of eliciting information respecting tho Crown grants given by tho Government during tho earlier days of the colony of New Scuth Walos. Tho writer wishes to know, whether auy Crown grants wens given to children in Sydney in tho yoar 1830 P I, of oourso, cannot, for an absoluto certainty, say that thoy woro not givou at that time, but whit I think your correspondent rofors to is the system of giving town j rants of laud to thoBO who applied for .them iu Govornor Macquaries time, in tho casa of the husband, tho wife, and tho ohildron after thoy had attained a certain ago. Af tor Govornor Macquarie left tho oolony, this ceased and all who uppliod and wore Australian horn woro given a grant of farm land when thoy wero married ¡ if thóy wero both Australians by birth, tho man and tho womnn were each given a grant. All the other lands granted at this tltuo hud to pay quit routs, but thoso given as marriage portions were freo of thia eucumborance. This rogulatlon oeased when tho Government commenced to sell tao land. 