MADELINE GRANL ...chatter ixxix. AuouT'a day or two: after Miss Flo- ronco had despatched lior lottor Lord Lovanfor, mot with an accidont ; . noth- ingvory ' sorious or vqry dangorous. He fell ovor a rodk about twonty foot high, and what ip called ' ricked ' liis back, and was forcod to lioop his bed; for somo timo in eonsequonco, wliere ho lay whiling away tho timo hotweon eating and npvol-rending, nnd in ' a vorv had tnninpr — illnnas nro- verbiolly trios a man's temper ; and during tlio long liouife Lord Lovantor lay nailod to his bod'lio montnlly saw somo otlior aspirant; for tho lioiross's hand taking the vacant post he had; 1 quittod, and having his 1 innings.' Ho wob porfoctly right in his sur- misos, for Lord Cecil Rodnoy (whom Florence lind countod on as hor own exolusivo proporty) now aoizod tho opportunity, and broko Miss Blimt's chains with sennt hositntion, nnd nt- taoliod himsolf in a marked mnnnor to the chatelaine's train. Suoh hn open, flagrant sooossion was a toniblo blow to the plain -facod, but inordinately vain Florence. She quivorod with suppressed rage as>. she behold hor ronogndo admirer; playing tonnis with Mndelino, sitting by '.Mndolino, carrying Madeline's Bhawl or parasol, and notually haunt ing hor liko hor shadow. She stamped with passion (in tlie privacy of lior own apartment) ns sho thought of all the wilos and signals and smiles slie bnd wastod on the wretch" to luro him back, in vain; how. she lingered behind tho otliors on the hills; how sho waylaid him in tho gardon ; how sho said, purposely .said, bitter sharp things to Madoline to throw hor into a passion, and" mako her forgot horsolf, and thus disenchant hor now adorer — all in viiin ! - i Mnddio was proof, was cool,'- polite, invulnerablo ; and now nnd then Mr. Glyn, who had beon wntohing thoso malicious traps with contemptuous' nmuHoment, took up tho gauntlet that Miss i Grant declined, and did battle with Miss Hlunt in a manner that tried: hor wit and hor tompor, and generally left both in a sorry plight. ' But her pnssa'ges-at-arms with Mnddio wore no business of his, nnd in her wrath ono day sho boldly' told him so. Sho assured herself ovor nndovornnd over again that but for Maddio Lord . Cecil had meant to propose ; and, oh ! what' a triumph would Bhe havo had if she had returned from thoso High land shootings, having figuratively " bagged ' a lord ! Tlio girls of her acquaintance would havo noarly diod of. envy, and now it was sho horsolf who was conBiunod with that gnawing pain. Sho was one of thoso girls- few and far betweon, let us hopo, nnd gonernliy excessively ' plain— whoso lack of natural charms is made up by an ovorpoworing supply of solf-ostoem;- and who fondly imagine that almost every' man they see is in lovo 'with them. Every little attention is twistod by them ; and was twisted by Flo into something remarkable. The state of affairs at Dunkoarn was ns follows : — ; There was Lord Cecil striving to uiako liiinsolf agreoablo to tlio heiress, and- making but very smnll way- — thoro was Mr. Glyn, an equal prey to prido and jealousy, nnd half-distraotod botwoon tho two, but bearing him self, nevertheless, liko the Spartan boy and fox — there was Mr. Grant, Hiuvi-ruu (19 U 1UIUU Ui UUU tutu BlrllbU Ui affairs, forming ovory day a stronger liking for his unknown son-in-law- there was Flo keeping hor hand -in with ono of tho Highland officers, and bragging largely about papa's ships and papa's greenhouses and papa's pointings, but still keeping her eye upon her late recreant admirer and Madoline. How sho hatod thorn ; how she absolutely pantod for Isa bella's letter,, and. hoped most ffitr- vontly that it would enable hor to got a hold upon Madeline and Madeline's secret — for that sho had one sho was perfectly cdnfidont. Aiid thus days wont by, nnd Lord Robert Montngu, having beon' mot at somo neighbouring Highland gamos, was added to tbo party ; and between his crafty allusions, Flo's conconled hostility (like a viper among flowers), and Hugh's all-pervading eye, Mndo- lino felt that hor part was getting bo- yond her, nnd that, sooner or later, sho must break down. She had to parry Flo's sharp ques tions — she had to bribo theimpeou- nious Lord Robert — to pose as au un married lady; to accept a certain amount of attentions in ' that cha racter, and yet hold her admirers so delicately in hand as not to give hor husband offence, and to boar his ap propriation by Fanny Fortoscuo as best she might. . . CHATTER XL. " Mattors wore gradually coming to a crisis. Miss,' Blunt's onvy and af fronted vanity was Bmouldoring, and' ready to blaze out at tlio smallest provocation. It only naoded a lottor,. now on its way to hor, to transform hor into a sooial firebrand, and to on- nblo lior to sot ovoryone in tho com pany by the ears; Tlion Mr. Glyn was human, nnd al though he had dono with Madoline in theory, in reality lie was fond of her still; and although ho looked back upon littjo Harry's donthbod with bittornoss' wlion ho thought 'of her ab- sonce, yet lio, Was inclined to soften down lior failings; consequently in his own mind he had an inward con viction that 'Madeline was penitent,' and was 'anxious to mako amonds for tho pant if ho would moot her half way with a flag of truce. A, Iook, ;a word, had dropped from hor occasionally that served as straws to show whioli way tho current was sotting.'-:' Ho was relenting a little. Yes; he folt that he was only punishing him self (is- well as her. He would go to Mr. Grant, wlio was most ' partial, most : amazingly, benevolent to him ; toll him, ih' (is well choson words as he could, tho plain truth, and claim his daughter as his wifo ! ; This scliome had been on tbe eve of being carried out when Lord' Robert arrivod, nnd everything was' changed. Mr. Glyn naturally looked at the. intimacy Lotwcen Lord Robert and Madeline with disgust, contempt, in credulity, nnd suppressed fury. What had he to say to her so often ?n nnnfirlnnna ? . TTnw rlnrn Iia whifrmnr to hor, sit beside her, bond over her, loiter bohiud with hor coming home from shooting ? "What did it mean ? and sho did not snub him ; she ac cepted the situation, nnd lont liim her company and hor ear. What was the clue to this? Was it possible that sho was in love with this oynical-look- ing, ornfty, sandy-haired roue. But no, lie. did not think so badly of her as that. ' Ono evening Hugh found himself in tho library (done. There was rool-dancing in tho big hall, but the fiiTi wiia fruV fnnf. nnrl fnn fiirirma fn suit his present frame of mind. He did not affoct tho pipes nor the na tional dance, and ho strolled into the big, ompty . library and read- tho papers. ; Then ho went over and pulled asido the curtains and looked out. It was a bright moonlight night, frosty nnd clear ; the castle was cast ing a grent blaok shadow across the lawn, and beyond that all looked as bright as day. He leant his arm on tlie window-ledge, and stood for a long time — not really looking at the scene, but wrapped in thought. He must return to town in a day or two at farthost, nnd before he went he must havo n word with Mndolino, and/ per haps, with- her father, oven although she paraded as Miss Grant. He had givon her loavo to do so. It passed all human forbonrnnco that sho should so entirely forget what was due' to Mrs. Glyn— should allow this insidi ous, needy reprobate to whisper in her ear and to gaze, in hor eyes ns if she was free— as if sho did not, ih reality, bolong to him — Hugh Glyn, who had to stand asido and restrain many a fierco impulso'to take Lord Robert by the throat and ohoke him. Ho VaS standing in the- shadow of tho curtain when, at this instant, the two people' of whom ho was thinking came into tbe room— the room dimly lit by one reading-lamp and tho fire. Thoy . did not; ;notico him; and Madeline, who was still slightly breathless, and had evidently been dancing, cast hersolf into a low arm chair, and said, as she began to wield her fan, — 'Well, here I am! I have kept the tryst. What is it ? ' rather irri tably. . ' You can guess,', said her compan ion, soating liimsolf moro deliberately with his hack to Hugh. ' ' Oh ! ' — .scornfully — ' the old thine — money ? ' S ! You havo hit it, Miss Grant, with your usual intelligence.' ' And how much this time ? ' ''Another thousand,' crossing his legs coolly as he spoko. '.Another thousand ! : Heaven and onrth ! You must be mad to ask for it. :' Ono -would imagino that a thou sand pounds was as easily procured as half-n-crown. You have had more thaii half, my yearly allowanco as it is, and so many of my diamonds that my father begins to be suspicious. I can- JlUb puoaiuijr iub juu uuvu u vuuuouuu pounds, or anything like it.' ' Your father is reputed to . have thirty thousand a-yoar. It's a flea- bite to him, my dear, and you must got it by hook or by oreok. A young lady who has managed to hoodwink him so completely for years can surely contrive to get this little advance. I've been uncommonly hard hit over rncing this season, and ' monoy I must have, or I shall be postod. You, per haps, don't know what that means ? But sooner than that should happen I should In) obliged to have recourse to ray vory Inst card, one I .do not wish to play, unless you force my hand.' ' And, pray, what is that card ? ' inquired Mndolino, shortly. 'To sell my secret — our secret — (o your guileless parent.' . ' Our secret ! Oh ! what folly, wliot madness over tempted me to ontrust it to a wretch liko you ! Have I not your solemn proiniso ' ' My premise must occasionally ho foregone.' ' You havo the baseness to say so ! Have I not stopped your mouth over and over ngain with money ?' _ Tho feelings of Hugh Glyn as he listened to this conversation may be bottor imagined than described. -He had tried to; speak more than once, but he had boon literally petrified by what he heard. He looked at Made line, ho looked at her colleague— Madeline, cold and scornful now ; the other, bargaining,"' like tho basest of -villains that ho was ! What was their lkeorot? ,Ho w9uld wring it from, the, scoundrel's' lips. Needless to say that both started when Mr. Glyn came sud denly and stood on the hearth-rug be tween them. They had no idea he had been a listener. . The library carpet was a thick, soft Turkey — footfalls diod away on it, and so, they imagined, he had just arrived, and, quickly- re covering their self-command, they looked at him suspiciously ' in sileiice for a moment. ' How you startled us, Glyn ! You came in liko a ghost,' said Lord Robert. ' Miss Grant and I came in: here to rest for a few . moments away from those insatiable dancers, outside and those frantio pipes.' 'I. think I should .tell you that I have been here all the time,' returned the other, leaning' against the mantel-' piece to steady nimBelf as: he . spoke, and speaking in a strange, repressed voice. Lord? Robert showed unmistakable, signs of astonishment, and discomfiture, .and tliore were some seconds of : an awkward pause. Then Hugh spoke again. 'You and Miss Grant possess a secret in common/ :: apparently, and your price is a thousand pounds. Sup- losing' — not once looking, at Made line — ' that you sell it to me ?' Lord Robert looked at him sharply. Loathing contempt and instinctive dis like revealed themselves plainly in Mr. Glyn's look and speech. Then, he said, — ' Twelve hundred, if you like.' ' It would. be of no use to you,' he said, with a lowering brow. 'Miss- Grant's fathor will find it worth hav ing ; he is my market ! ' ' Whether ho is or not, you will tell it to me before you leave; this room ! '' said. Hugh, fiercely, ' or you don't leave it alive ! ' 'My. good man, don't excite your self! What on earth have you to say to mo or Miss Grant and her -affairs? This much you may know — her secret concerns' another man, presumably young — oh, Miss Grant, and ' good- looking ? In short, her lover ! ' . Hugh literally quivered with sup pressed fury.. He turned and looked at Madolino for the first time, and there was a flash in lus eye that fairly frightened her. 'Hugh,' she said, springing up quickly, and plaoing hor hand on his arm, ' do not look at me like that ; do not dare do it,' speaking in short gasps, Jior heart beating so quickly. Iifcit-s our secret that is in pos session of this' wretch. He is the only ono tliat knows it,' pointing a trem bling fingor at Lord Robert as she spoke. , , . . ' Ho knows it, aiid how ? ' ' I was foroed'totell him. ' He trie A to carry , mo off, to olopo with mo against my will last year, from a pic nic. Ho, pretended the horse was lame ; ho took me to a farmhouse, thinking to compromise me; and then I WtlS IOxCOu DO luii ililil uU) iluu tO DIIDB him heavily to silence. He lias boon a nightmare to mo ever .since,' speak ing passionately- out' of -a" full heart. ' Ho has forced mo to be civil, to.him, when ho knows that I loatho him — -to smile on liim, to dance with him, when his look and touch make mo Bhudder. He levies his blackmail ; ; often he wrings it from me by throats. ' You have hoard him to-night.' She paused, breathless, staggered back to her seat, and, burying her face in hor hands, hurst into tears. Just nt this moment Flo, the peer ing, tho ubiquitous/the sly, came to the door unseen, and looked in. One moment sufficed for her to tako omen tal photograph of the scone and glido away. What in the world did it moan? Suddenly Lord Robert raised his Lend, and gazed at his vis-a-vis like a wild beast brought to bay, and said, hoarsely, — ' And who are you? What havo you to do with Miss Grant? Are you the mysterious, fabulous— but, no, you can't be ! ' ' I' am Miss Grant's husband, if that is what you moan. . I marriod her bo- fore lier fhther returnod to England,' said Mr. Glyn, emphatically. . 'I don't believe you,' returnsd Lord Robert, brutally; ' You may call your self what you like. .Where ..arc your proofs? A likely story that slio,' point ing to his hostoss, 'is Mrs. Glyn. Why, you don't oven speak.' ' That is no proof ngainBt our boing man and wife ; in faot, it's rather on our side,' said Mr. Glyn, bitterly. ' But there is nn nennmon tsi trnuKIn ourselves about persuading you into anything beyond leaving Dunkearn bofore breakfast to-morrow, morning, which I shall toko care that' you do.' ' I loavo Dunkoarn ! I like your im- pudenco 1 It is you, my. bravo son-in- law, whom Mr. Grant will drive forth. By Goorgo ! if whot you say is true,,, what a gamoyou and she havo played!"5 indicating tho still wooping Madolino with a sweeping gesture of his hand. ' But the said game is up, I can assure you, with Mr. and Mrs. Glyn. Mr. Grant shall have his eyes opened be fore another, twenty-four hours havo gone over his head.' ' 'But not by you,' said Mr. Glyn, his oyes flashing with disdain. ' By' whom, then ? ' with a savage snoer. 'Byrne.' Lord Robert uttered nn oxolamntion of contemptuous surprise, and pulled his long yellow moustache. 'Yes, hy mo, this vory niglit; thops is no other alternative ; and there ' are vory strong reasons— one of them re presented Dy you — that there bo no more delay. ' Madeline,' glancing nt his wife. ' you see that in the end your promised duty falls on me,' nnd walk- ing. across the room he opened the door and: went 'out. ' Do you mean to tell me that that fellow is your husband?' said Lord Robert; standing up and appro qching Madeline/ who was now dryingQiefc eyes." ; . ' That gentleman is my husband!' she said, .with a flash in her eye. ' Dear me ! '—ironically — ' what a delightful.surprise for Mr. Grant this announcement will he ! Three years he has been the happy possessor of a son- in-law, and not been aware of the foot; and for two you have been able to tear yourself away from that paragon of men, who has just left us? ' f Spare your sneers! Lord Robert. The' wrong in keeping the marriage a secret from my father was all mine. It was. against Hugh's wish , always. For that reason we. have quarrelled, or ratnor, ne nas let: we go my own way, and given me my liberty. But I do not wont it. I would— yes,' suddenly looking round tho sump tuously furnished library,. ' give up everything — everything that I livod myself: fop— -money., dress, jewels, fashion, friends— and live on broad- and-cheese with Hugh if he would only forgive me ? ' 'No doubt you will have an nearly opportunity of testing your ambition. If I know Mr. Grant, he will lose no time in presenting, his daughter— who has so long imposed on him— with the koy. of the street, and will have Miss Grant's husband kicked off the pre mises,' he added, vindiotively. ' I am not so suro of that, sir,' said Madeline, raising and putting her hair back ; ' but I am sure of one thing, and. that is, that, before I. leave, my father's eyes shall be opened to your conduot,' she added, in a voioo so low and so suppressed, as to be scarcely audible. Never,' she added, with an imrifiriniiR wava nf tha 'hand. .l "nra- sume to speak to mo again ! ' ' Nevor — presume ? Ah ! ah ! A good joke !' Do you know what you are saying, madam? You, the daughter .of a low-born upstart. Pre? sume, indeed ! If your father had not made hie coin by wringing it out of the miserable niggers, do you imagine anyone would have received',: such a little snob as he is, or looked at you?' The end of this gentlemanly speech was lost, was solely addressed- .to the heavy, blaok oak furniture, for Made line had left him, and returned to face the remainder of the guests with what composure she might summon to her aid, Knowing, as. she did, .' .that 'in'.her father's sanctum, at that very time, the crisis' of her fate had arrived, and her future course was being decided without any, reference to her. ; Sho felt that she was in the pro verbial position of the person who .fell, bi iween two stools. If her father th ust her out of doors, she coifiAnat g( to Hugh j .if Hugh .turned his bock u en her, her father would not receive he r. She sinned- against them, both; ai 1 Nemisia had overtaken her at la t. ' . If she had clung to Hugh she would hi ve had a rofugo now ; but suppos- in that her: father had, ' justly infu- ri .ted, spurned her;- and sont her fc rth penniloss; what was to" become ol hor? With" this momentous ' question in no ind, no wonder that the guests re- no irked upon her scared, white face, a: ,d absent, ill-timed answers. < . it it it it 'it . Mr. Grant, Mr. Glyn, and Lord I! ibort Montagu did not reappear a aong tho company that evening. /To he continued. J 