BABNATVABTHA. FBOII ' OtJB COBEEBPONDENT. In the midst' of like we are in death. The fact -not only applies to the hu man race, hut. every thing in our tor- restial sphere, that liros, moves, nnd lias a Doing. To lliuBtrnte, I will give a case in point: A 'fine milch cow, only yesterday, enjoying tho sweet vprduro, .with which nature is so bounteously oarpoting tho land,, a little nhovc tho Barnawartlia rail gate, chewing tho end of comfort, and feel- ing no doubt " as safe as. houses" was suddenly striclton down by an im mense llimb falling from a tree across her back and summarily requested to givo up the ghost,— which sho did. 'Twas but a short time ago another COW,'tl(nt alas, ' had seen hotter and younger days, remarkable for its angular appearance and protuberance of .bone, whilst seeking sweet morsels of the .west -bank of Indigo Creek, which at-that -part is very high and almost perpendicular, slipped over I and went coswallop to the bottom and declined to get up any more, hut insisted in shuffling off her mortal coil, no doubt fooling there was no thing worthy living for. in this world. Some pnople call this world " the land of tho living," but 1 contend that it 1b a' misnomer. I consider it the "land of the dying." If any one disputes it they " can . tread on the tail of my coat," It would appear the Fates ore re- solvod to made the amende honourable for their past shortcomings in with holding the rain so ruinously long, for they are now abundantly lavish in the supplv of the long wished-for element ; hut at the same time let us hopo they will not go to the other extreme and be like the proverbial Portuguese devil, " who, when he was good, was too good." The aid adage says, "Mistakes will happon in the best regulated families. I am not quite clear that tho Bail way Commissioners shonld ' be classed in in the above category or not, but it is very evident they made a terrible blunder in not providing sufficient carriage room, for passengers visiting the late Albury show, it was bad enough -last year when, some seventy or eighty men, women and children were crowded into the euard's van. packed like a mob of sheep, from Barnawartha to Albury; but this year oven that -luxury was- debarred them, for when the special arrived at the Barnawartha station, at 10.20, they had scarcely sufficient accommo dation for a weasel, consequently somo sixty or seventy, disappointed individuals were left behind, while the Special (so called) succeeded ad mirably in causing special disappoint ment. Loud, long, nnd earnest were the prayers that were wafted to every point of tho compass, from the Barna wartha platform on behalf of the Raiiwav Commissioners as the 'ac comodating Special pnff-pnffed away without them. Many woro the threats of claiming compensation from the Government for breach of contract, bat no doubt when thoy cooled down a bit and got thoir hair on again, thoir threats, liko their tobacco, would end in smoke. Again, only this woek, another Bample of managomont, or rathor mismanagement was displayed "I """ uuyur ILLIUUI. ins visitor to tho banijuot of tho Australian "VVine Association of Victoria, Melbourno being provided with railway Blips, Banctionod by tho department, which shonld onablo the holder to travel at Bpecial conference fares, found that tne station masters had received no notico of tho arrangement, and con sequently would not issue tickets for less than ordinary fares. 