; IMTIll M? ir by the author of a "mad rrgrf.t ' "a heart's conflict,', " claudia's temptation " \- - Chapter V. ALT;' the next day Audrey keeps' her room. Deb comes once and- knocks timidly at the door, but is told sharply by Audrey -that she wishes to . be left alone. So she takes herself off in high dudgeon. But as night advances " she grows anxious, and whispers through the keyhole that " Papa says if you don't let somebody in he'll break, the door down." ' This pious fraud, proves .effective, and the door is flung open. Deborah starts as she encounters Audrey's white, wan 'visage, still in her ball robes, now crushed, and torn, -and ;soiled through' ' the ; long night vigil through which the wearer has passed. " What do you want ?" she queries harshly, l i ' - " I have brought you a cup of tea, idear," says Deb. ."..You . will be ill if you don 't take sorn'ethirig." . , . don t want . anything," answers Audrey," but "slid takes the tea, and drinks it eagerly enough. " Now let me take off that horrid dress," says the elder woman, . gently. " You look like a ghost, dear." Meekly enough now, A.udrcy submits, and lets Deb robe her in a loose dressing- gown, aiid bathe her face and brush her hah". Then more tea is brought ; and when she has drunk another cup and eaten a little toast — tor she is young and comparatively healthy, and is beginning to feel sick and faint— she looks " more like a Christian," as Deb says. " And now tell me all about it," says Deb, soothingly. " There is not much to tell — nothing, in fact, save that I have cut my own throat. Do you remember," she goes on, holding her knees, and rocking herself to and fro, " how ugly we thought him at first ? He is ugly, is not- he ? but I would sooner see his ugliness than another man's beauty." : "Well, I confess that I never could understand your infatuation for him — a regular bear! You are well quit of him, in my opinion." "That is what he said of me, or as good, " answers Audrey, in. the same dull monotone. " He said I made him love me that it was a fitting end to a bad business. Nowfhe will marry his cousin; and I " "You will marry somebody else," says Deb, briskly. " Let his cousin have him, my dear. You are far too good for him!" " But I love him, Deb ! J love him !" she moans, weeping bitterly now, and still rocking herself to and fro. "You will soon get over it," responds Deb,, speaking as confidently as persons who are entirely ignorant of a subject always do. " He would make a very indulgent husband, I should think, if he takes umbiage at such a little matter." " You know nothing at all about it," scornfully. "You have never loved. You do not know what it means." YVellgare you coming down to dinner? , That is|more in my line tlia'h love." j ",i¥c s; I suppose I must: I will be ; down presently." - ' I " What have you been doing ?" says i Deb, curiously, glancing at the small ivriting table, which is covered by half a dqzenvshects of writing paper. J Ii have been 'Writing , to Max," de- | lantly; W W ' jt "Well,fyou haVe'Wunk dow indeed ! I ! scarcely Know you. Let me see what you have said." " No, I shall not The letter is for his wes'Wloiie;" g TWi'- r fv- y Y 'Save put" cpough humble pie dn fttW Otherwise .it" Avill toe useless; Tic wilt neveV reinstate you un less you arc sufficiently penitent." " We shall sec," sitting down and fold- ing(the letter ;in its envelope, then direct- ingHtWshe gives it'to ttiett sister to pi&stW; Later,shc cpmes - down;- to dinner, as brilliant- as ever, although a bright ted spot burns on either, cheek. But De borah watches - -her anxiously, , arid an ominous sense of fear settles on her heart. Audrey's mother" had -clied, of. consump tion long ago, when her child was a way ward/' prefty maiden of five; summers ; and ithef girl ' has developed now and a'gain. symptoms of delicacy that are rather alarming.? At Trefusis Manor a man and woman are standing -beneath thenars, The man very "earnest, TheWvoman pale and 'tremb ling, for Celia Denison cannot quite keep down the mad rapture of her heart as her cousin asks her to be .his wife. ' - / ; "My former love- affair was a bitter mistake," hesajj's. " I. ought never to hayp wavered from my allegiance to you, Gejia.'W'Gsh ottTprgiye-ij:/ and ' take me back, dear ?" "But Miss St. John ". " Miss St. John can never be anything more to mc." " But it is so soon !" falteringly. " Our engagement need be known to none but our own family. We Will be married very quietly, Celia, before I go away. I can get an extension of leave." "Yes." He need fear 110 dissent here from his lightest -wish ; and if Celia misses something in the' wooing; her un selfish love is so great that she .will not confess the want even to her own heart. "Then it is settled." And he bends to kiss her forehead; not as;'he had kissed that other one, so much faireq so much youpger, much sWeeter — that other one . whom he Vtraineftb tHe passionate heart-in;love's delirium. " Yes ; it is settled. I will be a good wife to you, Max." . "I have never doubted it,"- he says gravely ; . and then they go indoors. When Max goes out again after coffee, leaving? the ladies aone, . Mrs. " Trefusis , goes over to Celia's side. My dear, I am so glad ! It is what we all have hoped for so long." ' " Yes, aunt," meekly, as if she were all unworthy of the honour done her. " That girl was most unfitted to be Max's wife. There is ab doubt he never cared for her, else he would not so soon have filled her place. Has he told you the cause of the quarrel ?" - ."No, aunt. Nor do I wish he should. That he loves her no longer I fully be lieve ; else, »as you say, he would not do mc the cruel wrong of asking me to be come his wife," covering her faee with her hauds, and breaking into wild weep ing. Then hurriedly rising, she quits the apartment. And next day Audrey's letter arrives, full of penitent prayers' for forgiveness, of promises for the future, if only Max will forgive and overlook her faplt. He reads it through steadily once only; then, without pausing for consideration, pens ,a reply, worded in cold, formal language, saying how: sorry he, js that Miss St. John should have written as she did, for a reeoriciliation between them is impossible now, however much he might be inclined to pardon her error. Full forgiveness he gave freely, although per haps he was as much to blame as she for thinking he could mould so antagonistic a temperament to his will. But as re gards their old relations, they could never be revived, as he is engaged to marry his cousin. " He might have waited ! Oh ! he might have waited ! " is Audrey's pas sionate cry, as she reads the epistle. She has moved about the house like a rest less, tortured spirit for the two .days that elapse between the despatch of her letter and the receipt of the answer. Now she sits blankly despairing, knowing that for her all hope is over, that hap piness has gone from her by her own rash mad act. "Well, what- docs he say " queries Deb, coming in. " Oh he declines the honor, thst is all — utterly and entirely repudiates me — has completely thrown me off, and — and is going to marry his cousin." " The best possible thing he could do, as I have said before ; and if I were you " " You would do exactly as I do, as I have said before. But you will see me no more personating the ' Forsaken.' With this night a new performance will commence." " Don't do anything rash," pleads Deb "Oh, no, I shall do the most sensible thing I ever did in my life, according to my family," laughing bitterly, and looking meanwhile at the fair face, that has grown somewhat haggard and drawn in the last few days. "Will you send over and ask Edric to come to dinner ? " she asks presently, with oiit raising her' eyes. She has pulled three or four dresses from her wardrobe, and is evidently debating in her mind, -as to which she shall wear that night. ' " Do you want to see him, dear, then ?" says Deb, curiously. " Of course. What foolish remarks you always make ! And now leave me. I am going to dress for dinner ; and you will spoil my inspiration if you stay." " Do I look as if I were fretting ?" she asks 'later, as she descends the stairs dressed for dinner. She has chosen a black - net dress;: 'that 'irfakes:; her look paler than is her iwont; , and in'; her hair md- amid the laces of cni,nro>„i- ' . — , — - ki<jwuiv<yuk bodice' ""'nestle clusters ,jof vivid- scarlet geranium. But there are dark marks like bruises beneath the heavy eyes and Audreys face has lost some- of its round- ness. and peachy bloom. Though . a bright redlstain Wsj! pff Jver - cheeks, Deb; questions very tn,uch:Avhether it is not. due to art rathenithaiV Nature. " You arc- dressed early to-night, dear," she says. " I; am. glad to see you are re- gainin; you-'senses. ' No ; I -don't think if Captain Trefusis'saw you he could lay the flattering unction to his, soul that you were piiirng after, him." -" No he shall never think that of me," says, Audrey, undpr her breatli clenching firmly her whitq." teeth. Then wearily, " I . am tired; Deb. I shall go and sit in the library until 'cjinner is ready. . When Edric comes wili you send him in to me,?" Deb askents, with a sudden lightning of her heart, and hurrys "off to tell her father that she really believes Audrey is going tO;-be-serij3ible at last. ; 'Audrey 'is "seated by the fire in the library when Edric enters her head resting on one hand, her eyes downcast. , Edric cannot -"but notice the sorrowful droop of the perfectly formed head, the weary, listless grace of the whole attitude. So engrossed, -is slie- in her painful thoughtsdthat;;slie doe's: not. notice his entrance. ' ' " 1 " "You sent for me, dear," he says gently, going up to her side. She/starts the red blood flying quickly to her face, then dying away as quickly," leaving her paler than ; before. But, she recovers herself after a . moment, and gives him liCr hand— a "hand 'that" ha grown painfully slender during the laist week, he thinks, as it lies in his own strong palm.' : ; . ; - , . - " Yes I send fpr you, .1 thought you would like to know what a wretched mull I have -made of my lite — how affairs are progressing between me and my lover." , , " Yes ?" . he says ' .questioningly. "And what; have you to telljpie, dear ?" . " Only that everything is 'over between' ! us.for ever. ..I .wrote ;to,him as, the veriest suppliant/ begged him . on my knees— : > figurativcly,;of course— toj take me back ; 1 but he most politely declined, because he 1 had already .made other arrangements." , " What ? Is he going to marry some one else ?" (To be continued. ) Towle's Pennyroyal, and Steel-Pills for ; Females quickly correct all irregularities, and : relieve - tfle distressing symptoms so prevalent ' with the Sex: Boxes 2s. gd., of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T. Towle, Chemist. Notting ham, England Wholesale of'all the Wholesale Houses. Beware of Imitations'. „ G,rJ3 —The Proprietors of Wolfe's Aromstlc . . Scnntppt, to Induce tho detraction and prevent the useof the wrappers and labela. and thus further pro tect the public agatnit fraud and deception, have enclosed on; the wrappers, or under the labels of the quart bottlos, since 1st October, 1878, and continue to enclose In every day's packing throughout the year, THREE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which will be cashed by them on presentation. To secure these gifts, the public must be careful to ask for, and accept nothing but the genuine Udolpho Wolfe's Schnapps, with our nam on the top label. M. Moss and Co Wynyard-lane, Sydney. Valuable Discovery For the Haxr. -If your hair is turn- Ing grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Re newer, for It will positively restore in every cast Gray or WhiU n 0 ori8inal colour, without leaving the disagreeable mell of most "Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald w"ero glands aro not decayed. Ask your chemist for Tug MrxiCAh Hair Renkwer," sold by Chemists and Por- fuiners everywhere at 3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale depot re moved to 33, Farringdon Road, London. Advice to Mothers ! — Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottlo of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to tasto, it produces natural, quiet sloop, by relieving the child from pafn, and tho little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes tho child, It softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the howols, and Is tho best known remedy for dysentery and diarr- luua, whother arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers every where at Is. l)d. per bottle. Tiihoat Affections a.kd Hoarsen ess.— All suffering from Irritation of the throat and hoarseness will ho agreeably aur- prised at tho almost immcdiato relief alTordcd by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous " lozenges " are now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at 1s ljd per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," a 'slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot try thom too soon, as similar troubles, if nllowed to progress, result is serious Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. See that tho words " Brown's Bronchial Troches " aro on the Government Stamp around each box— Prepared by John I. Brown it Sonh, Bos ton, U. S. European depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road London. Floriline!— For the Teeth and Breath- A few drops of tho liquid " Floriline" sprinkled 011 a wet tooth brush pro- duces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses tho tooth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, Btops decay, gives to tho teeth a peculiar pearly white ness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or tobacco smoke The Fragrant Floriline." bolug composod in part of Honey and sweet herbs Is delicious to tho taste, and tho greatest toilet discovery of tho age. Price 2s Ikl, of all chemists and Per fumers. Wholesale denot removed to 33. Farrineiinn iin.a 