MISS MAY. (courTruin.) "If I lot you do that, boys, you ilmst let me do what I want to." Of course they both asked, " What is it ?" NMay refused to tell them. You'll know soon enough," sihe said, with the mischievous sparoklen coming and going in her brown eyes. "Only if I don't'say anytluing to 'spoil your fun, you nust promise not to spoil mine," They both gave this promise vorj readiiy, fied:rg a new interes3t in their project now that something not laid down in the plau ,might po:sibly hap pen. roe. In' about a week ove y;i?.ev was reazdy, and the night cet for tls gioatly visitation. The profoeor, after putting out his light, was just getting into bed, still absorbed in the true interpretation of a difficult oarid conscuaction, when tile door creakoe gently, ceeming to swing open of it self, and presently to his astonished eyes, a tal white figure represeated itself, with a faint blue light en c'rcling it, and a general misty un em.tainty of outline tlhat might be nteibut'ld' to the shifting of rome thick vapow., but to tbo uni'itiatcd ier jn was highly suggest;ve of un corforeral. spiits. "Bless me! -ble:s me !" said. Pro fessor.llonsol, staring ct the vision. '- Whoare you my friend?" "I am a disembodied spirit," re plied a sopulchral voice. "Dear, dear! what a pity! Clan't -can't anylthing bhe done for you ?" "Nothung. 1 am sent to you." "Well, my friend, 1 am here" afte'a pause, in wh;ich he sremrl to imagine that the embkri.ssed' spirit r.quired some encoursgoment. His face .shone with a mild benevolence. "I ame there," he reteated. "What can I.do for you?' The blue light wae shaken 'for a moment, as if the spectral visitor was' disturbed by this tsnt'.lisingcealmn?ss; and ev?dn d;slored to back out of the situsition. Then, the' sprt:al voice replied." "You aren commorsdcI to occ'rry May Kingsley."~. "ro6wo? 'What l . y good friend, you ate talking, like a-- ghost!'" ex claimed the astonisbe i profc: '3. A alight,'flu's rose to his beeorol-.nt face. "Yoi' are conn'andel to do it,' repratzd the s-iiit :intimotiuo'dsy. "Bsless me! blessm ! , It isn't possible." "'Witli us all thnl s arj possible." "Indeed ?"' sa'd, te profesar, in: quiringly. "Indeed ?' he roep .t·d witlh as much deliberat on as if he wore address;ng his cia.l , .' "Well, well.: Let us cobsidor tbat c"ttbll, and-and pass on to ro;notbnng elco," with a certain "mild digaity as if be objected to diseodssi" the ]'dy they had 'nlamed even with a. ghost. 'He was erdenitly disposcil to be hospit able,' but somowlat at a lo:s how to entertain h;is visitor. . "You are not," saitd tboprofessor;, glancing hesitatingly at the sugges1~re' blue light, "from'the coloatial rsgions lam afraid?" "No."' '' "Delar; me, dejar niii, wkhat' a pitty: It must be very unplec.sant..' Yet, if you could-if you could be pe:suaded to give me a lfttle iuforenation about the othlerplace-tho trath is, I have. a yoinmg'friend who is going tlhat way,: I ve.yc much fear, and-" Heao sonothitig' not laid down in' thie iji-ogra'mna blphapuned-the' ghot incontiently bolted, blue light and all. ,Oits:do therel was a suspieious cevll:ug and hurrying: of. feo.' tbat mnay have been producc?: spirltually, but''was" very hlike scamporing humnanJty. Tile professor doliberatelv got up a•d lod loed the door, inzr'amurfag to himr, elf, "iVery singular: - very u'ngular, indeed." ' fl The tinamo embarrassed flush-shtill lingored on his face, but' lie got into I:'d and went sdilmly to"sleoep a 'if sothing unusual had happenod. Mea'niw?il , thi ' ghost and the. audoience weroe hildiig " liuirr?d co ultatiftonidown-stnirs.. All three were considerably t'keei Ilibacck . "lie lnew iks," said Joem, dusedn rolatbly. " le uniut' have knowse us the veriy first thig. His young fr;end. PTlt was cool, at any rate. Whiih of us does beo moeanu, Jomu-vdu or me? " "]?erbaps le don't know liiincolf which it was,"sa;d To' n. As neither of thloi could sotolo.this point, thoey at last adoirie- to bod,' tichi;, perahaps, witlh s little soeris of diceomfitiure under all h;s meriniment. Tle next niioin'ng, after wateliiiig Tom oit.of the h1ose, Mam v M at down t- iono femncs cco,'k of her. owni, to ponderi over their ill-fated sciho'nos, when in wnlked l'ofcssor Rllensol,.who; was supposed to be safo in his class room;' Mayrwas aghast at the ;sight of him. : "Nilwfor it," she thought. "It is', too hlad I should' hisre to take the coldling alone." For it could.inot but be that even so. mild a'man would be angry at Isuch anu. escapade. 'True, lie could not know her'slnfiro in it b.t tlien it was nearly as bltad to bhaveTond made thie sa ip goat. gObh'o :?;~','L . r:'. " ':· · ,' , Mis?. May ewais' ia iudacious young lad;y, Ibuti oonscidnce mado. cooward o0 lher ": d·ho 'dniard hot look up o as' his 'b-why hew. noet ht sclioO!, " Why don't he begin ?" slhe mused, till keeping liher eyes on her work, as the tall figure shuffled uneasily round the room. Presently the professor stopped in front of her and cleared his throat. " My dear Miss May, do you think you could ever bring yourself to marry nle?" The work fell out of lher hands, and May sat fairly dumb with astonish ment. The professor picked it up again for her. "I am much older than yourself, Hits May," he went on, "and a verry awkward man in action and speeclh, as you see. Not such a one as a young lady ever would likely to fancy. Only-I felt it my duty to ask you."' Then at last May found her tongue. " One would not like to marry any body who asked her merely from a tense of duty," she said,'gravely, bend ing still lower over lier work. The same flulsh tinged the profes sor's face that had been there the night before. " When I said duty, Miss May," he answered her, half reproachfully, "I only expressed the motive that; had led me to speak to you this morning. I said nothing of my own feeli?,ga. Surely you must know what they are and have long been. You must know that a man like myself, who has neither youth nor attractions of any kind, would, under ordinary circum stances, feel debarred from the r.ght to ask what a younger and happier man might ask. Such a one as my self can only stand aside, glad to be yoUr humble friend, and to wish you eli happiness to the end of your life." There was somotli g so pathetic in the sight of the gentle, leoreod pro fetotr addressing such words to the thouhtless girl whom others t:'eavid only as a companion in mischief, bat whom his love elevated to a pedestal above common womanhood, that .May might well have been restrained by it. His grey hair and simple kindliness of lifo might have turned aside the jokc 3 his credulity brought upon him. She wavered visibly for a moment, then the old mischievous spark came back to the eyes that were so demurely dropped. " Yet you have altered your resolu tion this morning?" sihe said in quissngly. " As I told you, Miss May, because I believed that it was right for me to do t3.". "Well," said May, after a long pause, in which sho was scarcely able to keep down the roguish quivering of her lips, ifj it is your duty to.marry. me, it must be mine to marry you." "Then you consent ?" "Yes." The 131, ungainly man stopped, with no grace except that which love 'gave him; and lifted her hand to his lips. [o seemed no more astonished at bher answer than he had been at the spiritual visitation of the night before. "When the boys came homne that ,niht, they found. the. professor :ra.?iant, Mr. and Mrs. Kingley beam ing approval upon their daughter, and May herlcralf submitting toii withl the riioet curious ex pression oaer t: :n up on any d;mplcd face-a conpound of laughter and doubt, of fun and fear. ., Whether she was pr:ckecl by her. conscienita, or only f4;ll eh~ d by the boldness of the game ses was carrying on, tlhey could not t.:ll. As soonas possible they got her a'one'byr hera:slf, and fell upon her, mol'-phoricidly speaking, with an avalanche of quis tlons. "May,.d:d he really ask you to qx ,vr 1; m.?" " "? cs ,, . ,. :i . : :' "L~ut hlie acts as if you 1'1 savid yce. . " Well, so I did.": : "LEy Jove!" ejac~uated Tom, pCe' feetCly confounded. "You kndow 'I told yoi, bays ;"tli'. if I hol ed you in your fun, you must let me hIave mine." : " But, May!' May ! do you know'he, has already alsked ;sther's consantt? :Hlowa will you get ouit of it ? . What a stolm thler will be i" " : "She means," interia ted Jemi, who had.been studying liher face attentivelv, "to lot it go on till. it comes to the finale, and then say " No' instead of "Yea" when the minister puts the question." Tom's face was a picture of mingled consiernation and admirtion. 1I, had hold a very low opinion of thlie ~qinrage of the girls up to this point, but here was one who was willing to go bbyoid, him .. - .- • - - . . . . 'Did you think of this aInsi: night: whein you mwouldn't tall us' wht' you 'were going tO do?" hlie asked, humbly. , Of course I did. ..... : ,..: ' Only lthink, Tom, le believscdl every word of .it, after all," put in Jeim. They confratulated eachotlheor upon having pirpetrated a succoesful joke;: but still their countonances wore a very unc.sy expression;: ' "Afte'r ai', lay, it's a little toot bad," san'd Tom, hesitatingly. !' The prbfte -ssor is a good sort of mau, though he is such a muff. We won't spoil your fun, of course, but just look at i' :bbfore you go alihe . Have you thougt'ht wh an nuawfulrow there'[ll ba when it comes out?" "It is too late to stop1 now," "aid' his sister, fatsuly, as if she were 'a. little alairmed herself at the Iprospet. "Well, anyway, May can marry' me, anid so get~ out of the scrape," said Jem, taking her. hu'ad' con solingly. "She'd best'r mamy you .right after the Other ecoreiony thouln" an sweied .Tonim omiuouisly. 'f "ou'd better takehlor out of father's reach' as fast ahs' possiblo. lie thinaks evify'l' t' ing.of the old professor." "W61 i;shl y shouldn't we ?" asked Joem, with confidenco.. "It's just as. 'ell now ast any time. .y' yi aOn t mind." ' And indeedj ay, did' look so re lieved at this prolposal, a?ftbr thib fashlion of a child who' .hais unexpec-.: tedly grasped 'a "toipedo,' that 'Tom begain'to.thilik"' it' wohl li bdthe best' ;ay" out of thp scrapo aft~ r all:': ': To Lao suuro tihe prii" would havo nothing to live on after they were married except his sister's little legacy, which would not go far, and which, besides, could not be claimed for a year, till the young lady was of age. But Tom had a cheerful confidence in Jem's abilities, and as great a con fidcnce in his sister. They finally settled it among them selves that this was to be the denoue melt, and afterwards tried to look as if everything was right. One of them at least, failed igno miniouslv. Tom was attacked with fits of self-reproach every time he chanced to meet the professor's eye, and whenever the good, unconscious man showed him any trifling kind ness, would rush out of the house as if he were a convicted criminal. This went on for a few months. Tom growing more and more conscience stricken, Miay more and more silent and timid, till at last the powers that beowere moved to set the wedding day. dThey all felt a kind of reliefat this. The joke which had seemed so ludicrous at first had grown into a species of nightmare, which bestrode them all mercilessly. May submitted to the wedding preparations with a quietness very unlike her., She avoided solitary interviews with the professor, but as he had far too great a reference for her to seek them, this conduct did not attract attention. There was mvch wondering and many comments among the gossip. of the village over this singular and app. rently unsuitable engagement, but May ihad always had areputation for doing unexpected thins, so at lasst the woudering settle' 'down into acquicscenca. By the morning of the wedding day both Jem and Tom were begtn ning to recognise the serious aspect of the dramna to be enacted, and were not a little nexious on entering the church. In their trepidation they iearly forgot to provide theme rlves with white glovw-, if there had not come a timely reminder from May. The sea lice commencrl - went on without int3rruption to the place where the dccis've quesi:ou was put. Jem and Tom listened in the utmost excitement to the profer:or's rc sponse, ard then the question came to May-"'Wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband ? ' Jem was just Ising in his t"at in anticipation of the inpending scene, when her answer came in a low, clc ;r voice that could be heard distinctly in all p:'rts of the church, "Yes." The two boys were horrorstruck. Wais it possible she knew wht she was (doing? Was she dverpower:i by fright ? Whcther she did or not, they cer t"inly were, for, in spite of a feantie, impulse to cry out and proelsi;m the mistake, the decorum of thei place, kept them still till tlhe ceremony wie over. Then they rushed to her side, hi cd'ess of order or couvention'titics. "May! iMay! " whispered Tom, ciathing her hand in his execit3ment, :"are you c-azy? Do yoit hlw tbit you are marrlied'to hinim? " SThe colour in her faco'deeponcl as 'in a ilate sne"t sky. "'es I know it," she sa.tl quietly, ]asing her other hand upon her hus bud's arm, and then,- lfEing her lizautCiul, lushed face tL her brother,: "ead I love h;in. : Porbalps'to mored;scomfi:l vouimng sIen never stole out of church than were Jem and Tom as. they slipped away unnoticed among the crowd 6oi people. The former, inde d, :was savage, and declared' that he wouldnever forgive her. But Tom, when he saw. his sister's faio leaning ount of the catrr?ao for the last time before they drove away was moved to kiss her sn a grim un coinpromsi.ng sort of way, and, scring the pecitoent tears gathering in her brown eyes, to muttoer to taiself, "It; was our fault after all: We acted as if we were sure she hadn:tlgt got an heart, and no wonder she was ahshamed to shobw it." A s for Jem, he finally retracted his heroic resolves, and, counsentcl, to a mostu amicable truce between himself atnd I Mrs. Profc3sor tensel 'aft:r' her reiula, but the two young men were ieiver quite sure whether the pro. frcnor believed in that ghost or not. 1?iarpe'"s .lA'qgazine. 