Christmas Cult and Folk Lore. MTTHOIOGISTS would fain loop back flie curtains of the past,«iid show as its avenues, lost la the gray mista of the unknown. We live in an age of new departures. The childhoods of religion everywhere are made' to tell die stories of their ample faiths. The row of sphinxes leading to the solem nities of the altar, though, with bat a single exception, masculine, axe no dumb. It is to Ba, to Mithras, to Baal, to Diana, Adonis, Helios, Wuoton, the son, the "sweetener of tin," they are dedicated. Max filler, quoting from Arthur Helps, on die universality of son worship, tells us " that it was like a deep, furrow which the heavenly luminary drew, in its talent procession from east to west, over the virgin mind of the gazing multitude; and in the impression left there by the first rising and setting of the sua, there lay the dark seed of a faith in a more titan human being, the first intimation of a life without beginning and without end." On thejfartile .banks of the Nile, Marietta fly found the temple of HOTem-kbon, of Sorus-on-the-horiam, i form Lepsins conjectures of Ba, the son, typifying the new risen god, whose birth was at the time of the winter solstice. In Persia, at thissacred season, was bom Mithras, the yaiatta of the sun, all seeing, all hearing, the support and protection of man in this life. The cultus found its way into the Jewish nation, and, under name of Baal, contendedfor supremacy, if one my so speak, with God. Time and again Baal-worship was the court religion of the kings of IsraeL It was known in Borne as,the Saturnalia, where, during the closing d&ya; of the yeax^ ^y reigned supreme, and its till finpn in the Italian Carnival. In Bnau sit was the Bolyada, where the deity, personified as & female, entered the telega and urged her horses on die Summer trade. Throughout Gennania it was the Yule time, kept with joyous feasts and biasing logs of oak, baptized in wine. It was consecrated to Wuoton, one of whose eyes was the son. Grimm, in his "Deuticks JfyiMept," has partially traced the Gothic whoellike letter, which is tho symbol of the sun, into the' word Yule. Professor Skeat considers audi an attempt impossible; but, whatever the derivation of the word, tiie day itself was consecrated to the worship of the deity of the sun. hi the intellectual yearnings of inanity b " compress the forces of Nature into .antbrngKmuojiiiitic forms, of which ilia mythologists.have given us .abundant proofs, we find £he sun almost univeoaUy MT- > both at the winter solstice. AndTaiiicethe day of the birth of the Baviour most fnr remain a matter 'of conjecture, It 1M* aiagesee Qiriait, too, should finallyacoept this day, hallowed from unknown ages by thealmort uamcnlofapsmBoe af W sua as that from which to date tin Bedewmy's advent; the birthday not oalycf the wm, but of tiseSca. ' Aiimtive beliefs are toa^L They are stamped with a Bflss OB every gOTgHw rf uw dnpK body. It huncou4t^ne ' 1,11 liniiitniiiliril/ft'h.^ backs," foflowwd ilbnjmtni^ b w m^ only feat At AH ^ L i ^ ^ springing anew in that magnificent cily, of • unknown name / whioh barbarians called Borne, and finding 86. friendly refuge under Ute dark pines and fifs of German is and (heoaksof Britannia. In the Avesta the crow of the cock accompanies the ffight of demons, awakens Aurora, and arouses mankind. In flie Soandinaviau Voluapa, the oocks prodaimtotheworld thedawningof the last , day. Gnllin Kambi, golden crest, wakens heroes wi th his clarion call, while the ghostly, hosts an called *T • - '/Aaoot-redcodc. Beaoaththeeartb, In the halls ol Hell." The beUef in the power of the oook to banish ghosts by his crow, especially at Christmas time, was universal throughout mediaeval Europe. It is mentioned by Prudeniius, a Latin poet of the fourth century. Shakespeare, in "Hamlet," has put its expression into the mouth of MareeUus: . "Soma say. that errer 'ft&ioat; that season comes Wherein our tiarionr's birth is celebrated, The bird of dawning singeth all night long. And thru, they ay, no spirit dares atfrabroad: The nigbta are wholesotne; then no planet. th powa So liallcwed and aognuaoa. is Uie tii On OhriBtmaB day all plants are supposed to rejoice. In countries near the birthplace of our Lord, apples, cherries, carnations, balm and the rose of Jericho burst into bloom, while PV.-U IN frigid England the Christmas r.wo flow^rw, and die miraculous thorn uf Glastonbury, the staff of St. Joseph, which took root, leaved and flowered the very moment he thrust it into the earth, still renews its marvellous blooms ou the night of the Nativity. He who on this day Iooks up throng] i the branches of au apple-tree will see t!i<« heavenB open. The tree the Christmas nuu shines upon will be loaded with fruit. At night it was customary to wassail the trees, putting hot cakes ou the branches, throwing cider over them, at the same time singing, " Apple tree, apple tree, W apples for m*! Bat. full, laps foil, sicks full, cap* full," while in Germany, instead of offering oblations, they gave the trees a thorough thrashing, in order to make them bear. From remotest times evergreens have been used in temple and house decoration. The early Church Bishops, from their pagan origin, in vain attempted to interdict their use. The fitness of such decorations seems instinctive in savage and civilised heart. What more fitting symbol of immortality than the eternal verdure of the holly! The Paraees believed it cast no shadow; and the water in which they baptised their infants was saturated with its leaves. Pliny thought its flowers possessed the power of freezing water and repelling poison, and, from its red berries, it was proof against witches and lightning. Bed everywhere was a charm against evil spirits. The Scotch highlaaders tied a red string round the t&ik; of thevc. cattle, as their women tied red. silk around their fingers as a means of protection; a proof of pagan origin, for in Christian folk lore, Judas'8 hnir and the Devil's beard were red, and red- headed people were to be avoided. While the Bishops failed to banish Flora from the churches, one of her children they were successful in interdicting. This was the mistletoe, so harmless that Prigg did not think it worth while to ask it to do no harm to Baldur/ It was the magical plant of the Druids, gathered with solemn observance and human sacrifice. Banished from the churches, it found a welcome in the hall, and under it any maiden of high or low degree must submit'to be kissed by him who claimed the privilege. It hung in the kitchen also, and' all prudential maidens there were sure to receive oscillatory greeting, since those who failed in it were sure to remain on wedded another twelve months. The elves and furies were thought to enjoy tiieBehumanfestivitieB;: and since at this sacred hour no spirits: had power to' harm, they were gladly allowed to cling unseen in - the evergreens, but, if the wreaths were allowed to hang after Candlemas, in every leaf euigs Herrick: "Neglected there—maids, tend to me— ! So many goblins ye shall see!" Of love divinations, the maid who at the witching hour went into the garden and plucked twelve leaves of sage, would see her future husband approaching. Jh Bohemia, girls placed wax lights in nut ahells, named them, and set them afloat in water, and -the first shell that floated to the expectant maM^ bore the name of her future husband.- B it was the undeaared one, die blew it away. though misfortune would follow if thought was extinguished. Hhe year's horoscope was suppbsod to be governed by the day of the week on which Christmas felL If on Sunday, a fair "Winter a&d; bonnteous Monday, Winter and Summer ahke tempestuous ; Tuesday, a desolate In Which tnabjr kings would be a Wednesday, a hard Winter, rainy Summer, and a badyear for sailor*; Thursday, a wind/Winter, ai&a;£ainmer;*icb m oom wid beeves ; Rridiy,- frosts, snows, floods, and wars; Saturday, equally disastrous.'; Of the Christmas horn children, 8unday's will be great; Monday's strong: Tuesda Wmm^MioiSM^ _ _ . _ ly and of good deeds; Fridays, alas "lecherous*' while Satarbrand, lab from the *w*dly kept as a pmtoatua again* lightning, aud for the kindling of the next year's log. Is Norway, King Olaf, the saint, forbade the burning of the Yule fire, punishing the offenders with maiming or death. It was a belief, transported to- America, that cattle kneeled iu the attitude of prayer at midnight on Christmas Eve, bees Bang in their hives, and bread baked on that davwould never mold. : ^ Wheuihe Puritans came into power, they^tried to abolish Christmas. December 24lh, 1652, they passed an act forbidding the ^'observance "of the " five and twentieth day of December," and held spsBioh'on that day. The Scotch Presbyterians had their oxen yolked to ploughs, and their women spinning at Christmas; one grim old divine called it a brave " belly," instead of " holy" day. And, indeed, his characterisation was the true one. In Vanbrugh's " Selapse," Sir Tunbelly Clumsy says: " I will, like a good Christian at Christmas, be very drunk, by way of thanksgiving"; and in Massinger's "City Madam," we read of thirty-pound buttered eggs, pheasants dressed in ambergris, and the fat of three wethers to furnish gravy for a single peacocke. In csstle end cottage there was wild feasting and wassailing. Everywhere, except in Puritan households, " mine'd pye" was an absolute essential, possibly because it was so obnox- ious to the stem round-heads, whose bile flowed at its very name. They saw iu it all kinds of popish abominations. Fletcher has given in rhyme some of its supposed ingredients, one of them being the harlot of Babylon. Another favourite " pye " was made from a peacock, the bird's crest rising from one edge of the flaky crust, while his brilliant tail was unfolded, in all its glory, from the other. Over this dish knight errants swore fealty to fair women, from whence came the famous oath of Justice Shallow, " By cocke and pye," though Nares considers it a softened breaking of the third commandment in favour of pious ears. But the grand event in feasting in feudal halls was the entrance of the boars head, crowned with rosemary and bay, and borne on a dish of .silver or gold, the bearer followed by a gay procession of nobles, knights and ladies, singing : " Caput apri defero, Seddent laudet Domino. The boar's head in hand bring I With gsrlands gay and rosemary I pray you all sing merrily Qui etla in amvivio." These usages are now mostly of the paBt. Washington Irving, in his " Sketch Book," has written charmingly of them. They were never transplanted to the New World. It 16 the tend of Wuotan that has furnished us our festivities. The poet Coleridge, writing from North Germany, describes Knecht Bupert, the reputed servant of Christ, to whom parents entrust their presents, going on Christmas eve from house to house, robed in white, with a mask and an enormous wig, and distributing gifts as if from the Saviour; to the good children good gifts; to the bad a whip, at the same tiuie recommending in lus Master's name a liberal application of the lafter. It is not Knecht Bupert, but the good St. Nicholas, the universal Saint in Western Europe, who is equally supreme in America. He was the patron Saint of the honest Dutchman who sailed in the " Goede Vrouw " for the Nieuw Nederlands. Many are the miracles supposed to have been performed by the good Bishop of Myxa. From his infancy he was noted for his piety. On the day of his birth he arose in his-bath, and, with clasped hands, praised God for being brought into the world. On fast and holy days he partook but once of the maternal breast. He multiplied corn ; he stilled the raging sea ; he restored murdered cluldren to life ; he was prodigal in his charities. Even after death he con- >\aued to perform good works. HIB fe&as-al; falls on December 6tb, at which time it was customary for parents of Boman Catholic belief to fill the stockings and shoes of the juniors with gifts, as coming from St. Nicholas. From the BomishChurch he has been transplanted into Protestant lands; he has decorated the Norse god's firs with lights and largesses; and millions upon millions of children have beea aud are made happy in his name. The Christmas tide has lost much that itcould well afford to lose. It has grown sweeter and more tender with the years, it has softened the orthodox heart; it has drawn humanity into still closer ties; andaB, all along the ages, it has taught lessons of charity and love,- so, lay, more than ever it breathes Peace, Good Will to Man. 