OUR LOOAL OHURCOHES. No. 6.-ST. MATTHEWS' OUROKH OF ENGLAbND, PRAHRAN. By "DANIM L THE SEER." Wagner compised only eleven operas. t is believed he would have composed more, but be bad used up all the " noises." am prepared to' say that if he had been present at this church a fortnight ago, he vould have materials for another; for the organist, who is a fair. average player, is so ond of displaying his powers with one of the stops-wbether it is called the flute or claribella, I know not--and opening the well boards, thatlit is so suggestive of one of the feline fraternity climbing tip one of he pipes of the organ, that it. gives one he creeps.: I..imagine it is a loud protest gainst the neglectful. conduct of the Vestry for not giving the organ a* coat of varnish. It ' is . very evident that the management of this church are not mem bers of the Kalizoic society, for a more grim, unfinished.llooking interior to a city. church it would be difficult to find. It is true, the building is to be enlarged at some future time, butithat should not prevent the inside portioh. being made light and pleasant to the eye. Even the ledges of the pews are riot wide enough to hold an ordinary sized prayer-book on lengthways. The congregation of St. Matthews' are not composed of what are usually termed the 'upper ten," but belong to our substan tial and well-to-do shopkeepers and arti zans, and are to lall intents and purposes Low Church. I' noticed, that although a great number of'visitors were present, no effort was made to supply them with, hymn hooks. 'The musical part of the service is rendered by a mpixed choir, and is of the simplest charact6r, for the responses are ill made by the congregation. , The Rev. H. A. Langley is rather a fine looking man, and possesses a good voice; but in reading portions of the Church Service, notably, the passages of scriptere At the beginnink of the service, the Con fession, the Absolutionuand the Apostles' Creed-particuldrly the two latter-it is so hurried over, thit the style approachesl to glibness. If the rev. gentleman would only pronounce the absolution and repeat the creed in the same solemn manner that hTe does the concluding parts of the col tects: " Through the might of Jesus Christ pur Lord. Ameh," it would be better, and have a greater effect on the congregation. Besides, the phraseology of those portions of the prayer-book I have referred to are so grandly sublime, that they should be read with becoming solemnity and rever ence, instead of being rushed through without any attempt at emphasis. What ahn be grander han : " Spare thou them, 0 God, which confess their faults. Restore thou them that' are penitent," or, " He pardonieth and alsolveth all them that truly repent,. and unfeignedly, believe his holy gospel"; and again, "The third day he rose again from the dead, He ascended into heaven, and sitt'th at the right hand of God the Father Almighty." Words of this character aire worthy of great promi nence in. our church services, and should not be gallopped! over. From Mr Langley's well.known evangelical profession, I ex pected a greater solemnity of expression. To turn from the leoturn to the preacher's desk is a pleasthre, for there the rev. gen tleman is seen at his best. lie is clear, dis tinct'and earnest, and every sentence tells; and this is owing, in a great measure, to his extemporaneous delivery--something rarely seen in our established churches, but.what should.be more encouraged by those who have the training of our young ministers and deacons. The rev. gentleman selected for, the basis of iis remarks the scene that took. place the day after the first miracle was performed by Peter and John, at the gate called Beas tiful; whenAunas, the high priest, and Caia?has and John, and Alex ander and other notables of the temple, sat as magistrates or the Jerusalem bailiwick :to inquire into. a charge against the Apostles, and one which is so vaguely made use of by our pilice, viz.; "disorderly con. duct,your Worships." And a part of thisex amination formed the words of the text: "Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and Johq, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and'they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus." But, "that they hab been with Jesus," were the words which formed the principal topic for exposition..l " What does the world want?" were tthe opening words of the preacher; and' after enumerating what scholars and others thought it required he said, " that wha4 it wanted most, and which embraced all other requirements, was living to and for. Christ, and conforming to Hlis character. l What was the use of a minister delivering a message from God to his fellow men, 'exhorting them " to repent and be converted," unless the daily habits of that minister were it conformity, with the message gi en by him, and unless his congregation knew byhie daily life" that he had been with! Jesus." These two men, Peter and John, had only a short time before this, rebeived the Holy Ghost; before, they were followers of Christ in name only. For when the great crisis arrived, when Jesous had to drink the bitter cup, all the disciples fled, and Peter denied lim wvith such behemence, that his perjured tongue gave utterance to horrid blasphe mies to add to his already cowardly action. And what can beo said of John ? Jt is true he was present! when liis Lord was before the 8anhedrim, but he never 'opened his mouth in defence of his Master. But now, see the change': " when they sawi the bold ness of Peter And John, they marvelled." And their bold es was no mean thing, for ultimately the scaffold and banishmentwero the result of their close fellowship with Jesus." The, preacher then" went on to show the. strong analogy that existed between the ohurch' formalist and the disciples' liveis during our Lord's three years ministry! "It seemed, he said, "that business and si?cial life could not be united with religion tMat was left for Sqnday and the phnrpcl.'5 And here the rev. gentleman grew intensely earnest and. his words were uttered with great 'feeling, fot thorg was tenderpess and. pathos blended as he spoke of the unfaithtulneds of chirchgoers whose daily lifo belied their professionwhor. they sermitted giholy thdqghtq to have supremacy, and gave expression to angry words and made rash resolves; and then on the Sabbath they wero all goodness. 'I tell you," he said, "a church religiin only will not do ; it will not avail you aiy. thing at the last; there must be consist ency in your daily walk and conduct." The Rev, Mr. Langley's preaching is of a truly practical nature and must result in great good being effected, and the church' " built up in her most holy faith." 