;-J{ARMTlINE: m CONVICT'S' BRIDE. I ROMANCE OF ENGLAND A^O AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. fj FlUXCM A. DURIVAGE, Aurnon of Be BrolljeKf Secret,' 'X lost life ?» ' Fonlu'.roy,' »tc. ': I'.-I.U'IKU J V. (Uoritintioii.) 'Indeed !' Bho exclaimed, with visible JjtiOD. ' 'Yh,' ho continued: 'I Bhall not aea : til hit faoo for inauy a long day.' 'II you arc detaining ruo to repeat coinpli alsl must leave you,' she said, ?Umo i3 no oorarnon-placo gallantry,' he ?jftizi, ' though you have ohoaen to treat u such. I lovo you with tho whole foroo of IJMUl.' 'let report says, my lord, that you led a ?? niln in TVinrinn.1 1 did. I plunged into dissipation to try iktgtt yo&-',' 'And you arc gpiug away to try tho same , sty again 7' )-?' ' ' 'Sot so, by heaven I My love for you ipniilted my nature. I will never again uything that yoa would disapprove, for tee you— lovo you ag much as you hato ?H»to you— ?/o« I' she oriod, and shoraised t beautiful eyes to heaven as Bho spoke. Iw can you be bo cruel ? Alas 1 what have nill' ? lDo I really hoar aright ?' oriod Lord ibeit, seizing her hand. 'la it possiblg iljoii do not spurn mo— that you give me je!' . ?. ? ? . ? Jannetto withdrew hor.hauci. ? 'Igiveyouno hopa,' she said. 'I only iyou to let mo go— to pity me. Farewell I well forever I If you have any regard :m,jou will grant ni9 ono boon— forget 'Forget you I' ho echoed, and was pro s-Jug to declare tha utter impossibility of ijing her, but sba was gone, speeding Hid tho hall at a rate that forbade pur it, even it ho had attompted to follow her rag footsteps. lbs next day ho was on his way to London iGnvea, thenoo to Folkestone, and mid jlt found them tossing on the ohanuel, company with a number of other travelling to, 'Mo hid,' said Graves, in an interval of iKlromthe agonies of sea-sickness, ''ad iBticipntoil such 'orrors as this, I should k presume! to hadviBe going to the Oonti tlby land.' Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was ?randy limited. Ilhej arrived in Paris at a oritieal moment. ?nuFbitUppo in his dotage had defied tha jpi'tt vjHI, and a political voloano was on 1 evo ol explosion. Lord Herbert had Id tha signs of the coming convulsion, BpoorGravea, happily ignorant of jrenoh, Tjunawaro that tho atmosphere was so ' fcenaa waiting orders in his master's par ftne evening. Travelling in company, the ? Jnsl intercourse of master and man bad kfUedto something like the familiarity tola I on tho Continent. Io lud,' Haid Graves, ' there Beema to ' iorna kind of a row going on in the ( Vesj a very nnoommon kind of a row.' usrgsnumberof people are singing some' ?' Iho MarEcllaiso.' -L land I porcoivo,' continued Graves, ' a IS Jto of pereons with torohes heseorting a » ja which there aro bodies. There must \- 'ten some kind of a haooident— a 'ouse ? *n^ down, per'aps.' ; ion aro right,' replied Lord Herbert: , ™ tho building that has f allen.or is falling, ?' jBllojal homo of Franoo.' ; Amazing I' exclaimed Graves, not at all i °™g his master's drift. i j!.' thcn tucr(i oame a rattling orash in ? oiitanco. Pwrajurapoa, . Lfii 8 Pata°n. mo ludj.but what was Nuiiotry.' 'Andlhat?1 Eoroamod tho terrified laokey, 1ES, p' detonajion. shook tho- window- l'Cinnon. Load my pistols. We'll go rninto tho street and take a hand in this I'1!6.]*1' mo lud I' oried tho terrified flun lis'l ^°.n'^]|on'y hexouse^my Bonioes on Etirt lho 1'i3tdB| WooWiead,' oried Lord .- K!1''? wmutea Bflevwnrds, » Milord Ans ? l(]™ffl'j wclcjmed by tho revolutionists, '' ?, gJtmR°n a barricade— for juBt then he ff»,liirt mei liberal— and Graves, moro HfMt ,'!ive' ^ding his oavalry piatols Ba. Q trol^lin:: hauda would permit jR'^.J°vo1' Bnid Lord Horbort, as he , Wj -' ,, «own a royal ourassior from his WB$. ''' ' \vha6 I call 'Beal Life in CHAPTER V.' QnUINA OIU5BN. 'Vt Kn&la; nni advonturoH of Lord Her 'qliia «K y durin8 a yaw1, 'ho time allotted *°-at o( n«nco- have no bearing on tho move 1 .;1°n«M«4 Bt 'M'ftUve, and are, ftoopitdingly, \n»^ 1 \ 1ut0?? of hia IaUora t0 hia mother ind'en , tod to that kaen-sightbd woman Tat-ha wan ill at ease, ana it was evident that ho rd^zStZ^: osoitomontB - s waa radwally oured of his f anoy for Jeannatta! He 1 was presented at various foreign courts and wrote homo lonR letters about tho laS he met m sooiety. From Vienna ho wrote! ihcro aro many lovely woman here but were Lady Fanny WcBtovor at oourt Bha wonld outahino them all.' Thio opinion was oomraunicated to tha English beauty, and aha thought 'perhaps- tho vnau lovod mo a little after all.' Still, on the ova of his return, tho oounteaa thought it bast to givo Joannotta an indefinite1 loava of absonco, supplying hor plaoain the mtorim. wil'ii110^ «t0 reoa11 you very floon. »-y oWld,' said tha oountess, kindly, aa tho girl Lord Herbert reooivea a warm welaomo at iiiwood Hall. Ha was tho pioture of ruddy health. Long pedestrian trampa in Switzer land, boar-hunting in the German forests boating on tho Danubo, had developed his masoloa and strengthened his constitution. It waa a young athlete who grasped tho earl's hand and threw hia arm around hia mother's waist. The day after hia return ho noticed, ap parantlyfor tho firac time, tha abseneo of Jeannette, and oommented on it with tho ut most indifforenoo. , i- v?,° y(\™ kn,Ow- mt-'hor,' ho said, with a light laugh, 'that I once thought tho girl waa wondorfully pretty. Seeing tho smart Frenoh servants, though, epoila one for thiok English wauts and ankles.' It tho oounteos was delighted to find that her boy oarno baok heart-whole, tho earl waa equally pleased when ho found that, instead of overdrawing his aooount, ho had brought baok a handsome sum, notwithstanding tho extent of hia travels and tho duration of his absonoe. 'Do you fccow, father,' aaia tha young man, ' that tho examplo of tho foreign no baity taaohoa one to eoonomize ? Lavish ex penditure, with them, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franoo and Germany wo try to find how much ploasuro wo can seoure for a little monoy ; here, how much monov wo can Bpond on a little ploaaure.' Ono important ohanga in Lord Herbert's domeatio orraii- jementa had taken plaoa. Mr. Graves had left hia sorvico to aoospt tho place aa head-waiter in a Swiaa Hotel. Hia placo had been supplied by a Frenoh valet Mr. Eugene La Flour— a keen, blaok-oyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking threo or four languages besides hiu own, for ho had boon a travelling oourier. A few days after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a little domestio tour, after whioh ho was to. Bottle down in London to read law. Bofore ho left tho hall, hia father an nounced to him that ho had settled his yearly allowance for the future, and named a Bum so magnificent aa to surpriso tho hoir of Elwood. Soon after leaving tho hall, Lord Herbert gavooortain minute instructions to his confi dential valot, and they parted oompany, tho young nobleman purEuing his journey alone in a post-chaise, hia course lying through the northern counties. ? ? * ? It waa tho dusk of ovening, and a young girl was' seated in a private parlor of- a small inn in a northern post-town. She was very plainly dressed but her beauty ,as tho opposite mirror' assured her, stood in need of no ad ornment. She was evidently expeoting Borne one, for from time to time she consulted a little Geneva watch whioh hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last hor keen oar de tected a step on tho stair, then nearer in the hall j the door was flung open j a young man rushed forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead and ex claimed : ' Josnnetto I my own I my darling I' ' Herbert I my lovo 1 my life I' ' Is this not n dream ?'' cried the happy young man, as ho seated himself bceide her and clasped hor handa. ' You got my lettor?' ' It?oar it on my heart,' aha whiapored; ' and I can ropoat overy word of it.' 'And you consent?' ? ? ' I am wholly yours, Herbert.' ' I only ask for one year of so.orocy and se oluBJoi). At tho end of that time I will avow our union in the faoo of the world, oome what may. You ore more to mo than father, mother, fortune, rank. I have oountcd the minutes of my absenoe.' Muoh more ho said in the same strain, and there waa a convincing sincerity in the tone as well as the words. Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson had corresponded secretly during the whole period of tho former's absenoe. Hia first letter had remained unanswered a long time, and expectation had intensified hia passion. Then hor cool, dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his part ; an offer of marriage, whioh waa rejected ; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an aooeptanoe on tho part of Joannetto, provided the offer was renewed at tho expiration of a year. If, in tho interim, ho changed hia mind, and she oontinucd to implore him to forget her, than aha released him from ovbry pledge and would return all his letters. He had proved constant to hia attachment, and now claimod tho reBult of hia fidelity. Jeannotto had already written to tho oountess, thanking hor for past kindnesses, but declining to return to Elwood Hal]. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, whioh it waa her duty to suppress. She did not send tho oountcsa her address. Lord Herbert waa determined to raako as BUrance doubly sure. He might still bo sus pected and watohod, and ho determined at onoo to bafllo family interference. A post cbaieo was at the door, and tho young couple entered it. La Flour had boen dinpatohed in advance to sooure relays of horses along tho northorn road, and joined the pair at tho last station on tho south of the northern English frontier. Tho poatilliona drove as if thoir employer waa pursued, though thero was no shadow of danger. Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left bohind, and glad onough was ho when thoy nliRlited at the blaoksmith'fl nhop in Grctua Green, then tho great rendezvous of eloping oouplea. Tho blaoksmith had a lioonce to solemnize mar riages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Scotland. . Tho altar wan an anvil— tho officiating priest a grimy son of Vulowi. Fortunatoly be novor olnimed tho privilege of saluting bridoa ; nil ho carod for was tbo fee. In tbia caso it was libornl. Tho blaokumith furniahed a certificate— tho legal mnrriogo of Herbert Knightly nnd Joannotto Wilson, and Lai' lour ondoraad it as a witness. The bridogropm gavo this important document to tho keeping of the brido. They left Gretna Green mnn and wife ; and their honeymoon began with deooption. Bo turning to London by unfrequented roads, they wero rec'iBtored at all their halting plocos aa Ouptain and Men. Jamoa Morton. Hw.istig Mra. Morton, and not na Lady Knightly, that tho brido took ponHesBion of an elogant littlo furniahml houeo in 3t John's Wood, a district in tho north-woatern part of London. At first she was dazzled and dolightod with tho elcganoo of tho arietooratio box. Lord Herbert had given La Flour carle blanche Rd «5'?ihud aohlovea wonders. A ooupe nnd aaddlo-horso were at her disposal-sue had servants at oomm&nd-aho; was told she nood not economize in her expenditures. »-ia ai' or Q'' thia Wftfl ° onBfl, thouoh a horbyatoaHh._ Sho could not make acquain - 3ra^'/ndeed' th0 ohRtao'« ol the neighborhood was rather dubious. When ™?i ^ c!n tb0 PRrk Bho raua' b« oloaely veiled. She mm* observe oonatant preca£ £?«8\iMhWh a mn'i2d woman, aU waa to lead tho hfo of a cloistered nun. During hia long weary absenoos, sho oould not be certain how her husband mu paasing hia timo-what temptationa ho might bo exposed «ii?alh a,W(l8A°.rB- Sho lovoa him porBon nty and dazzle tho world with her beauty, vindicating her right to move among pew' nnorVmbQTpre80n'cdatoourt'Bri8^ dreams, poor little Joannetto I ? »f£?«nherSWuOa romanoe -a ber position fnZfr' ^?*reatoa as tha fairy of thia ta^Z tlo.eatabl'Bhment-to bo potted, lovod, Zi m W°l raPtnro«8 1 Tho honeymoon waa prolonged, and for montha Lord Her bert did not neetn for a single momant to regret the otep ha had taken. So tho beauti SSS&i;&g;! Joh*-fl Wood Terrace wla CHAPTER VI, TEOUDLB, ' Wild Kate at Elwood Hall, she had oonceived a paaaion for equestrian exoroiso. Every fair «S2,fH» f°,.Q.'n Hyda Parfr' foI1°wad at a rospcotful distance by a mounted groom. .f ho°?^ |«» fooe was hidt'on with a thiok veil, still tho i laganee of her symmetrical form and the daring atyle of her riding soon at tracted attention. Dandy guardsmen ana old clubmen began to enquire after the femi nine enigma. Tho groom was questioned, cash in hand, but he wan mute as theephinx Some daring young men tracked hor to St. John's WoodTerraae, and thore learnod that *i Wa1 ^iF',8' Morton who intabited tho elegant httla bird- oage in tho centre of tho blook. But tha neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her ; all her bills were punctually paid, and that waa enough for them. She never made anv our ohasoa personally. * The fair equestrienne became tho talk of Rotten Bow.- Why did nho always veil her faco 1 Somo said she w»3 deeply pitted with tha small-pox ; others that tho was a colored woman ; all corts of rumors wore flying in tho air. Even Queen Victoria one day raised her eyeglass to her ns she passed her in the park. Sir Lionel Linooln, of tho Carlo t on, mndo a bet that he would speak to the Anonyma,and even mako her lift her veil. . Primed with champagne, he rodo up to her ono day, and accosted her. ' ' A fine day, madam.' Jeannetto took no notioe of hia rcinarlt,but touched her bay mare with the whip. Tho high- apirited animal bounded forward, but tho insolent cavalier kept at hor bridle rein. He glanced round and saw that a group of his fellow-dandies were watching him. One' part of his bet ho had already won — ho had spoken to the lady ; but ha had sworn to lift the voil. It floated within reaoh of his hand and ho dared to graep it. White with passion Joannette tnrned in her saddle and lifting hor riding-whip dealt the baronet a severe out aoross the faoo. For one moment hor own beautiful ooun tenance waa revealed. Tlio next instant she had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed olosely by her groom. She did not intend to montion this ocour anoa to her husband, oiraply resolving to givo up her favorite exercise. But tho groom im parted ber seoret to Lord Herbert, or rather to Osptain Morton, as they all oallcd their employer. 'You havo boen insulted to-day, Jean nctto,' said bia lordship, ' I will avenge you.' ' I havo avenged myself, Herbert. Tho wretch will carry tho mark of my whip for. a a, fortnight, and I have made him the laugh ing-stock of hia fellows.' ' But I must have my jravonge,' said Lord Herbert, darkly. ' No man shall insult my wife nnd liyo.' ' How will you compass it ? Are you ready to acknowledge that I am your wife?' ' Not yet ; but I can quarrel with him on some other pretence— fight him—' ' Perhaps fall and leave mo alone in tha world. No, no, Herbert, you lovo mo too well for that. Thore is but one way to ond thoee difficulties ; present me to your father is your wife ; proclaim to the world who and what I am.' ' You forget that our seoret was to ba kept for a year.' - ' I agreed to that, dearast ; but why not anticipate the avowal ?' '? Do not press me,' replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. ' I am not ready yet.' At that moment an alteroation waa heard in tho lower hall, and a harsh voice cx olaimed : 'I mast and will seo the lady of the houso.' 'Lot me go down,' said Jeannetti?,turning pale. Some importunate beggar ; I will soon get rid of him.' ' But tho man seems to bo insolent.' 11 1 oan dsal with him, dearest ; I ontroat you to lot mo manage this.' Sha ran down otaira. A shabby rough looking man who had forosd his way paBt tho laokey, stood holding the servant by the collar. Tha moment ho saw Jeannetto, he said, in a familiar tone : '? Call your our off. He pretended that I had no right to entor your house.' 'He oonioo on business, Gaorge,' said Jeannelte to tho wondering servant. You oan leave ub.' She was pale aa death, and ao agitated that aha oould not speak, but she bookonod the etrango visitor into a aido room and mutely invited him to take a ecat. 'You'vo kept yourself confounded seoret of late, Joannotto.' said the man, Boowlingat her. ' Thought yon'd throw me off tho soent, oh? But I waa standing by tho park rail ing* tbia nfternoon, and caught a glimpas of your face while you waa havcitg a row with ?your beau and outting him cii'oaa the nyos.' ' You aaw ma ohnatiniiif; a villain I' ' I saw what I saw. Wull, you ae«m to ba comfortably settled horo— quite the- lady. A due house — fino clothes— while I — ' He looked down at hia shabby garments, .ind uttored something lika a snarl oE raga. ' I waa not aware that you woro in dis tress,' said Jtmnnotto, who waa traoibling violently. ' I am sura I am roady to aa dab you,' and she placod hor purao in his hands. ' I've hoard tha parson any tha wagos of sin ia death,' said tho man, weighing tho pump in his hand and gloating on tho guineas that glittered through tho silken moshea 'but I nay that tho wages of sin ara fine olothaa, meat, and drink. Don't you find it so, Joan nctle ?' ' I do not understand you,' answorcd Jean netto. blushing ooarlet. 11 \Vby, how do you ooraa by thoao luxuries that surround you ? What aro you doing hero ? Mind, I don't ooma hero to bluuio you, but to share.' ' I am here,' replied Joannetto, ?? booause my husband has hired this house for me, I \- . ' . f am Burtounded by luxurica booauao my hus band ia generouo.' ' I should lika to Bot my oyoa upon that generous chap,' aaid tho man.with a drunken laugh. ' Very well, nir, you oan do it,' said Lord Herbert;, entering tha room. ' I am t|hia lady's huaband— Oaptain Jamoa Morton.' . 'My dear brotjier-in-law,' said tho in. trudcr, offering him a dirty hand, ' 1 am happy to make your acquaintance.' Lord Herbert bout an inquiring look on his wife. ' Thia ia my brother Thomas,' sho aaid, oaating down her oycB— ' tho only relative I have on earth.' ' I'vo had hard Iuok, oaptain,' said Mr. Thomaa WilBon, throwing himsolf in a datnaek chair ; ' but I am a gentleman, every inoh I' and he oHnohcd tho assertion with an oath. ' I'm a jaok-of-nll-tradea, but I never oould make both ends meet. As I before re marked, I'm very glad to mako yonr acquaint ance, and — and — and wish you many roturns of the same happy occasion. For three weeks, my dear sir, I haven't known where to lay my head ; now, I supposo you'vo got a room and bed at my Bervioo here.' Lord Harbert signaled to his wifo to leave them alone, and sho quickly withdrew. ' There is no room for you, here,' said Lord Herbert, firmly. 'Whan I married jour aietor I wao not awaro olyourexistenoo. When I married your sister, I had no idea of ondoraing her family. This ia my hoiiBe, and I must tell you, oir, that its doors will bo-shut against you. Why, you oan well imagine You must havo been begging money of your Bister, I ouppoBo. 'No, oaptain— a gentleman cannot con descend to beg ; but nho very politely re qucBted mo to accept this trifle,' and ho held up tho well filled purse Jeannetto had given him. 'Very well,' said Lord Herbert, ' I will add to tho amount. Hero ia a twenty-pound note Now you aro in funds. Get yourself decent olothoj, ond look ont for some honest employment. I soa-tho rook you Rtumblo on ia intetnpGrance. Avoid it. What I givo you is burdened with this condition— that you aro not to annoy your Bister by coming hero. If you violate the agreement, I ahall know how to punish youi' While Lord Herbert waa speaking Wilson was eoanning him from head to foot, ns if imprinting every lineament on hia memory. ' Very good, captain,' ho said, at last. 'Hand me over the Mmsy — I aooopt the terma. C I will nover oall hero' without your permission. I will get myself a deoent rig out, and the ieefc of tho money Bhall be — judiciously invested, I will do no discredit to my gontoel brother-in-law. Sorry my en gagements will not permit mo to stay and take auppor with you. My oompliments to my Bister 1 » A.u nvair, oaptain. We shall oertainly meet again.' ' Huavon forbid I'1 thought Lord Herbert, as ba bowed the vagabond out of the houao. ' I havo got rid of him,' said he, aa ho rejoined hia wifa. ' He will not trouble you again.' Tho nama of Thomaa Wilson waa not again mentioned between thom, and Lord Herbert had almost forgotten him, when, strolling one' afternoon through Bogent atreet, he dame upon an individual dressed in tbo extreme cf fashion, with a glass stuck in hia eyo and a lavender kid glove on the hand whioh twirled a littlo oane. ' Ah 1 Oaptain Morton, delighted to meat you 1' cxolaimad thia oxqulsito, who wa8 no other than Thomaa Wilaon, aa he extended hia hand. Had Lord Horbort boen alone ho might havo roapondod, but as he was walking with a young guardsman, he replied, freoz ingly : 11 Sir, you axo mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you.' ' Ah I indeed,' said Mr Wilson, staring at him through hia glass. ' Not Oaptain Morton! whom than have I tho snpromo pleasure in addressing?' But Lord Horbort and hia friend had , already passed on. '' Sailing under falae oolora, oh?' thought Wilaon. 'Not Oaptain Morton I There'a double-dealing here. But I'll find out who and what yo'u ara, or my name's not Tom Wilaon.' And' ha turnod and stealthily followed tho young nobleman and hia companion. CHAPTER VII. TUB ORAVK AND ME ALT.VB, Months rolled on. At first not a day passed without Lord Herbert visiting hia wifa. Then oime intervals of absenoe, dur ing whioh he did not even write. Of oourse Jeannctte knew he waa obliged to keep up appeirano3S, to atudy, to show himself in aooiaty, to viait hi3 home. But then hia manner changed. He waa no longer im passioned. Ha waa often cold and oonstrained, moody and ailent. She would not think at first that he waa growing weary of her, but by degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, and preyed upon ber very soul. Her ohooU grew pale, her eye. dim, her beauty tailed. Fatal obange I for beauty and tenderness wero her only weapons. Sho laoked tho ao coDipliahments and the graces which aro tho birthright of aristocratic Indies, and if her humble oharmn ehould dcaert her, aho had no hold on tho heart of tho man who had stooped from bis high fetation to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than ono respect. Ha had broken his pledge to hie father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hia liberal allowance PIo had debts and duns. His establishment in St. John'a Wood Terrace folt tho effeoteof hiaomlmrrsflsmcnta. Ho allegod to Jeannetto unfortunate epeoula tiona aa tho reason for cutailing his domestio oxperieea, and she oheorfully aaw horaea nnd carriages aold, grooms dismissed, and tho household roduced to a meagre minimum. But it waa hard to havo to press her hunband for monfly, to meet tha groonr'a, baker's and butohor'a bills. Sho knew thero was uoino thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. During tho first montha of hia secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society ; now ho was at every distinguished ball, oonoart, picnic, arohery mooting. Every whoro he mot Lady Funny Wostover. Sinoo their first acquaintance her beauty had riponed into something marvellous, and aho waafollowod by a train of ardont admircrn. But aha distinguished him above all others, and hia marked attentions compromised both. Though ho never oaid anything to Joan notte about hia social movements, tho news papers, Buoh aa tho Morning Pout, and Court Journal, ohroniolod them. Tho fact is, ho was loading a wild, dosperato life, regardless of all consequences. High play nnd deep drinking divided bin nights with thoatrea, balla, and dinner parties. Ha betted on the turf with tho varying Iuok of a follower of fortune. Tho carl and tho oounteoa bothheoarno un easy about him. Thoy looked on a brilliant marriage as tho only manna of oaving him, and thoy alroady troatod Lidy Fanny Woat over aa thoir futuro daughter-in-law. Lord Herbort'a attentions to her wero unmistak able. No honorable mnn could bo ao ns Biduous without giving tho objeot of his ad dresses and tho world to. understand that ho loved hor. Yot Lord norbert novor dolibovately pur posed to ropudiato hia marriage with Jean notto. He ovon, prosaed by his father to aottlo in life, meditated prooipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first lovo had long since grown cold, 488 He had long boon absent from hia ohambera in tho temple, and left no address, and therefore waa without nowa from hia wifo ; but one night he thought, ho wonld pay her a visit. There wero reasons why ho should not havj boen a ainglo day away from her aido, bub hia heart waa now steeled, and he had ignored those reaaono. The servant who opened the door said not a word to him. Ha passed up into tho draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jaannottc was lying on tho bad; beside her a now-born infant. An old nurso, who waa present, rose and left tha room. 'Ah I you nave oome at last, Herbert I' Baid Jeannette, in a faint voioc. ' I wbb afraid you would oome too lato.' Lord Herhort leaned over and kissed the white faoo. He waa oonsoious- striokon. 'Our ohild — our baby-daughter 1' oon tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink faoo on the pillow. ' You will tako oare of hor— when— I am gono.' 'What do you mean?' oried Lord Her bert, bending over tha oouoh. ' Are you not doing well?' ' I— am— dying,' murmured tho. poor woman. ?- Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven's deoree. The child— oall her Garmelino— it ia a fanoy of mine. You will not balk my last wiah — will you, darling?' ' Jeannotto— dearest— live I— live for my Bake— for our ohild's. I will aoknowledge you aa my wifo to-morrow— you havo the proof I' 'Hero!' she said, tonohing tbo bosom of her drees. Then aho added : ' Givo me your hand, dearest.' Ha took her hand ; it waa already aold, but the fingers pressed hia alightly. H9 waa not made of steel — ho was a man, acid his tears dropped like rain upon tho poor, thin white hand. ' Do not weep, dearest,' murmured his wife. 'Boliovome.itiabottertb.ua. KiaB ma 1 Now good-night 1 Biby— do not forget.' With a wild ory ho wranohed hia hand from tho tightened grasp. Ho gazed in hia wifo'a faoe — it waa tho faoo of death. Long ho Bat thore in the darkened chamber. After tho first burst of human, passionate grief, an awo fell upon him. Then there oame a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled hia heart. ' Better thus.' ho muttered. ' It waB Bho who said it. Batter to die than to outlive lovo. And sho ia dead. That yellow waxen fiRura was onoe my poor bright Jeannotto I What a soul she had I But ia all over now. I am free I Sho died juet in time.' Ho had tha nerve, that pcrmaturely hardoned man, to fumblo in her dress, and take forth tho certificate of marriage. It was tho little Bleeping baby'B birthright, and ho was robbing both tho living and the dead. As ho removed tho papor, it aoemod as if a frown passed over 4he faoe of tho corpse, but it was only the wavering of tho wax light that produced tho effeot. Lord Herbort opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flama of tho oanaia till the last inoh waa burnt to aBhes. Tho blaze soorohed his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. J' Good-evening, my lord 1' said a man'a voice, that Bounded like thunder in the hush of the death-chamber. 'Why do you call mo my lord?' asked Herbort, turning on Thomas Wilson. 'BeoauBo it ia respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly,' answered tho man. He was perfeotly sober, and perfcotly oool. ' Are you awaro whom you are addressing, air ?' ' Perfeotly. I am speaking to Lord Her bort Knightly, my sister'a husband.' ' Prove what you say.' ' It is very oaBy to prove your identity,' ' But tho marriage ?' Wilson looked blank. . ' You do not deny that you were married to yonder dead mother?' ' I do dony it, and I challenge you to produce contrary evideco?.' ' You do not deny that your aro the father o£ that child, my lord ?' ' I do not deny that.' ' And you proposo to abandon the in fant ?' ' I propose to do no such thing. Hsar me. I have a proposition to mako to you. You aroneody— so, for tho present, am I. But I oan command money, when I Btrain a norvo. Here aro a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate eister. As for tho child, I offer you five thousand pounda sterling, to take charge of it— to adopt and rear it as your own. If you will oall at my chambers to- morrow at noon, I will satisfy you aa to tho payment. I give1 you five minutes to consider the proposition. Bejcot it, and I will mako an arrangement with a stranger. ' Thomaa Wilson did not need five minuteB to consider. He aooepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by olaBping hands over tho bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the faoo of his dead wife, hor whoso fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at tho bod where the silent form pt her he had loved lay, ho left tho room and stole out of the house of death. ' To the Carleton I' he ordered almoBt fierooly, aa ho sprang into hia .cab Ho wan in full evening dro3e, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duoheaa' that evening, and ho meant to keep his appoint ment. But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that ono of his acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and ro monstr&ted.; ' Mind yonr own affairs, Westloy,' re torted Lord Herbert ; ' I oan take caro of myaalf.' Ho was as oool, apparently, as if ho had swallowed bo rnuoh water, only the guests at the duchess' notioed that ho waa in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had conducted her to her seat, where an old dowager, her chaperon, was waiting for hor. ' Bamembor, you aro mine for tho waltz,' ho whispered. ' To-night I monopolize you.' Tho orchestra noon atruck up the symphony of one of Lanuier'a wildcat, moat maddoning waltzes. ' This is something liko Hfo I' ho whis pered, as sho hnn g on his shouldor, and tho pace became fant and furiouii, as a turfman would say. ' For what is lifo itsolf but ono long, wijd, whirling waltz 1 When we havo done spinning, wo Binlc into the grave— don't you Bee?' 'You t«!k very strangely to-night,' panted Lady Fanny. ' Do I ? that is beoauso I am in such high spirits. You know I love you, nnd now that 1 feel tho preasuro of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my ohock, I -un in Para diso. Aro you happy 1' ' Yos,' was tho murmured reply. Suddenly the muaio stopped. Thoy wero alono upon tho floor. As ho lod her to her Boat ha pressed hor hand, and the pressure was returned. ' Mine ?' ho asked, bending down to oatoh the roply. ' Yours wholly,' was tho answer, distinct, though low. Tho ncaepted suitor of Lady Fanny West ovor 1 And what about tho unburicd woman that lay at that moment on tho little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still face rise among tho blooming ohcoka, and the fair forms and the glittering diamonds, and wax-lights ol tho duohoBB* ball in Bolgravia ? Why? Why? Thero was no accounting for anon things ; but it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Bur gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but oould not Tffo'weoksaftorwardsthoro was an ariatoora tio marriage at St. Gaorg6's, Hanover equare, duly ohronioled by Jenkins of the morning Post, and tho bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; tho biide, Lady Fanny Westoyer. Tho ' happy oouplo' departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an: extensive tour on tho Continent. ' Happy ? OJ course they woro. GHafTEB. VIII. TUB DAK' MAID OJf THE OEOnOE, Yenra havo rolled by. ' How haa Thomaa WilBon performed his duties to hia sister's ohild?— duties he waa liberally paid toper form. A fow worda will tell that etory. When Wilson come into possession of tha five thousand pounds — a little fortune — he really planned turning over a now leaf. He put tho ohiia out to a nurso in tho oountry, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her well, and treated her not un kindly. In the meanwhile Wilson leased a small ' publio houso, the Georgo Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for soma years aid a prosperous buaineBS. His own irregular habits were a drawbaok to tha prosperity of tho eatabliahment, but then hia housekeeper —an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton — by her sharp management, rather moro than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out an a widower, ana spoke of his daughter Carmeline. At tho George Inn the mail-coach stopped to change horses, and wagonerB put up for tha night ; but that trade waa soon ruined by a branoh railroad that was run through the town, bo that finally tho concern doponded principally upon the patronage of the village topers. When matters oamo to this pass, Wilson - thought of bringingbomo littlo Oarmelino end ' making her' useful, ohild aa ahe was. Ho had a right of pasturage for a oouplo of oows and some sheep, and her services in taKing oaro of them would oost him only her bed and board. ,One day, aooordingly, when Bho was about eight years old, he arovo out to tho villago whore she lived, and took her away from her foBter-mother. It was a oruel parting, for tho woman and ohild loved each other dearly. \- To he. continued.') 