TALES MS SKETCHES. MISS JACOBSEN'S CHANGE. BY MBS. CAMPBELL-PRAED. Armor. ?f " Policy and Passion," "Black and nana," uTiie Head Station," &o;, VOLUME II Chapter III. — Attorn er Yooxo Lady I ,. Ortnerod wan right in his prognostica tion, Once the turn was taken. Dr. Frnill toado a very quick recovery. Upon tho day fA c concert Templeton showed himself, for the first time sinco tho accident outside the doors of tho hotel. Ho went abont the streets wiztag crcryono ho knew by tho hand, and -;ki?!I!g . congratulated. It was impos- Tn il > 3 lrank appeal for sympathy. iLL ,lcrnon ho rushed over to Rocky i nitd found the whole party, including Was tlicro also? th VOraudah' Sara Jacobsca heptchef erC'J " mck Cry of.xccn'tion 13 hero nWa'T' W0 dont waat any assassins oxSi'r?' ll,,ff0Tpr- ennto forward with always diil ul , S violently, as sho ,f,s when sho was excited. thom, hi r' 'I'onipleton, wo never It'B a iirnn tf wt mcant to do any- barm, "-isn't it nn » ?>g 6ky'ark with firearms that a ' l 111 alay8 telling my boys fed firt'T 0 gd 8 " a» one. But I'm n a warninB to every- yon niinnqf sure we were very sorry for Frai!l-tl.fa3 5w,rF « wo were for Dr. and tlm » m WB n'wnvs saying so, Lally ? account of both Sf ' ff' »nd eTCrf"iing— on Strovcr incoherently, CnClUtied Lady Tcmricion,a«t.ni?" r'.8',<\ Strover," said air. "I'vn i»f>r g 3 w"i1 a shamefaced I went i„ ig„?.mcssaSO for you from Fraill. tote friends f !!"' yo" bpow — wo wcro first took it all'iai nwfnily cut np, and he Won't put iff i u"ck- ,Ho boS3 that yon him. and that vm!'i? . a day becaaa0 of Part. You .J!! get someone to take his ton's hair with hi Cou dn t cat f ss Jacob- " I tZ! u 5" in a sling." abt hint" iU thcback thnt 7" ba ton che'cttuulnSC?i n m , rePl'cd Tomplc- pever mado such » - how 1 353 1 U, Lady Strover "h» ,i l\my lifo' Tho fact don't mind toli', 0 addcd confidentially—" I Matured soul it ,/0 .! )'oa'ro such a good- di<i it You i?J!" 010 mayor's liquor that tare, i a?n'?„f k P"®11 awful strong Uqnor and the rSoftot" UP t0 U' Uka toii SiT Jam, P"C\v, ad on rtonst say," Wh7. man, if it wasn't 'fir 411 right, """iBements wltlitho autho-. yonr mosquito bites, you'd do for the ghost of Hamlet s father." Tcmpleton's round red fnce had indocd become haggard under the effects of anxiety. "1 vo httda fearful time, "he said pathetically. 11 If it badti t been for that retired bushraucer, who had gono tlirough the same sort of thing once or twice hiinselt, and used to come and cheer to up, I don't know how I could have stood it. Ho 9 not. half a bud chap, that bushrau(rer. You should have heard him praying the nudit Fraill was at Ins worst, Lady Strover. There was a feeling in it that yon don't get out of u parson. He said he'd like to go into the chute it, but ho did't suppose the bishop would ordain him. I think you might say a word for that chap, Sir James." " Sauudcrson can take him to help in con verting the blacks," said Sir James, turning to Lally's admirer. " Saundersou is collecting facts and statistics for his Aboriginal Education Bill. Ho wonts to prove that the blacks have a souse of religion. My old black boy, Billy Pig, gave your theory a shock tho other day though, Saundersou." " I think it is our duty to legislate for the blacks as much as for tho white population," said Mr. Sauudcrson. "We take away their country. Wo make laws for the wholesale destruction of their kangaroo, and we do noth ing for them oxccpt give them a blanket on the Queen s birthday and teach them to drink poisoned grog and commit crimes." " What is the story about Billy Pig ?" asked Sara. "Billy Pig, late in life, went fo a Sunday school," said Sir James. " He had been taught tho Lords prayer. That's his greatest accom plishment. Saundersou heard of this, and he thought ho had got the thin end of the wedge at last, so he tackled Billy with his note book in his hand, "ituhi, massa," says Billy. "Budgcry mine been learn him Lord's prayer." Down Bill flopped on his knees, turned up the whites of his eyes, and recited the Lard's prayer like a parson in a pulpit. Bat before the last words, " for ever aud ever, amen," were out of his mouth, up he jumped with his hand held out: "All right, massa; mine been budgory say him Lord's prayer ; now give it me six pence." Everyone laughed. Templeton, who was rapidly getting over any embarrassment he might have felt at first, seated himself on the edge of the veruudah and began chaffing Miss Croyio. He pointedly avoided looking at or speaking to Barn. Before lie had been with them half an hour he had quite recovered the boyish exuberance of his spirits. It was arranged that the tableaux should take place during tho following week, and Lally again made tho snggestion that Mr. Chepstowe should be offered Dr. Fraill's part in the sceuc from Tho Hope of the Lock. Sara said nothing. " I think that Belinda ought to be consulted, " said Mr, Dalyell, who had hoped for the part, turning to Sara. "I don't care in the least," she answered; "but I should think Mr. Chepstowo is much too fine to bo interested in such a poor perfor mance as ours will seem to him." "I can't think, Sara, why you have taken such a disliko to Mr, Chepstowe," said Lally warnfiy. " I don't call him fine at all. He never uses long words, or talks about things you don't understand. I call him charming, and I admire his fuco. It lights up so when he speaks." " 1 don't dislike him," replied Sara ; " but I am certain he despises us all tho same." " Well, anyhow, 1 shull ask htm," said Lally. "Mother, you mast write him a note this even ing." After a littlo while Mr. Templeton bade Lady Strover good-bye, but ho looked wist fully at tho girls, who were loitering about on the terrace, and did not seem iuclincd to go nt once. The band was playing in tho Botani cal Gardens opposite, nnd somebody suggested getting into tbe boat and pulling out into the river, so that they might hear tho music better. " Wo'll row you across, Mr. Templeton, and land you at the ferry steps, "said Laliy. "Just wait a minute while I pick some flowers for you to tako to Dr. Fraill, to show him that wo haven't forgotten him." She ran for'her scissors, and, assisted by Mr. Sauudcrson, began to snip roses and azaleas. Mr. Dalyell and Miss Croyio went down tho zigzag path to tho boathousc, and Templeton aud Sara were left alono on tho lawn. She was a little piqued by his coldness. She did not liko to lose un admirer even when she did not caro very much for his admiration. " Why don't you speak to mo?" she asked. Tho young rattu's faco grow redder titan was its natural huo. "I havo got nothing par ticular to speak about," ho said sheepishly. "Oh, yes you have. You might toll mo the truo history of tho accidout, or the duel, as peoplo say yon meant it to be. I suppose it was that duel you were to fight about tbe young lady at Glonelg which you told mo of somo time ago. I did not know 'then that you wcro so much in earnest." " Wo were not in earnest — not in that senso. It was half chaff that night. Yon don't really think wo meant to shoot each other? Wo were going to shoot at a target, and whichever scored most was to fork out a pony." " But you didu't shoot at tho target ; you shot at Dr. Fraill's back. Who gets the pony ? whatever that moans." " I've paid it," replied Templeton ; " and I have just got enough left to tako mo to the diggings. I shall go soon, and I shan't come back till I have found a nugget. Wo are all cleaned ont. I think tho doctor is nearly as hard up as I am, bat all he has to do is to go homo and his father will sot him nn in busi ness. My peoplo don't want mc ; they don't caro if they never 6eo mo agafn." "But, Mr. Tomploton, yon haven't told mo yot what was tho causa of tho accident." "I told Lady Strover. It was tho Mayor's liquor." " And not tho yonng lady at Glonelg ?" " Tho young lady at Gleuelg had nothing at aU to do with it. It was another young lady altogether." " Another yonng lady I" repeated Sara, draw ing a deep breath. . " It was you yourself, Miss Jacobson, Yon wouldn't danco with me at the ball, and yon would sit out with tho doctor, Tho mayor's liquor carao atop of that. We had some words about it — we two — when wo got back to tbo hotel, I was excited, and so was tho doctor." "With tho mayor's liquor?" asked Sara scornfully, but sho had turned very pale. »Uohl— yes; budgcry— -very good.. Templeton laughed. "I won't tako away the doctor's character, Miss Jacobscn. 1 don't believe it was the liqnor, if yon ask me. I be lieve it was something else that excited him— not tho young lady at Glonelg. Then some other fellows catno in, and I shitted it nil on to tho old question of tho wager, and we declared we'd settle it then and there. So we went into tho shooting gallery, anil the doctor aimed first, pretty straight. Ho got close to the target somehow, antl I fired when I oughtn't to have, and shot him. Thnt's the whole story." " I am very much obliged to you for mixing ray name up with such a creditable uffair," said Sara, with cutting cmpltasis. " It was so con siderate of you both, aud it showed sueh gen tlemanlike feeling." "It was rather bad form," owned Templeton candidly. " But I've made a clean breast of it, Miss Jacobsen ; and don't be hard on a fellow Miss Jacobsen, he cried appealiugly, for Sara had moved abruptly away. Lally came across tho lawn with her bunch of flowers, and putting her arm through Sara's, mado the girl turnback again. "Give these to Dr. Fraill," Lally said to Templeton ; "and give him, too, all the nicest messages you can invent from all of us." " Shall I give him any message from you, Miss Jacobsen ?" asked Templeton. Sam did not answer for a minute. She gathered an opening rosebud from a bush near, added to it a sprig of scented verbena nnd a piece of heliotrope, and tied the posy to gether with a strand of ribbon grass. To Tcm pleton's surprise, she handed the little nosegay to him. " Toll Dr. Fraill that I sent him these," she said. She had hardly uttered the words, which she spoke in clear distinct tone, than sho became aware that a new comer, who had approached quietly across the lawu, was stauding at her side, aud had of course heard iter message. It was the Governor's private secretary. He took off his hat, and made his greetings to Lally. " How do you do, Miss Strover ? Lady Strover sent me here to join you. She told me that you had something to say to me about the tableaux." " They arc coming off next week," said Lally. " We waut yon to help us, Mr. Chep stowe. Will you ? We waut yon to be the Baron", in the scene from The Rape of the Lock, instead of Dr. Fraill, who will havo to keep his arm in a sling. Please do. Miss Jacobsen is to be Belinda." Chepstowo turned ceremoniously to Sara, who shook hands with hint rather coldly. " Of course I am delighted," he said ; " thongh I am afraid Miss Jacobsen will not find me an altogether satisfactory substitute for Dr. FraiU ; bnt I'll do my best. I am very glad to hear ho is so much better." Au impatient "cooee" sounded from the boat house. Sara walked quickly on down the zigzag path. Templeton followed, awkwardly carrying his two bouquets— one big and one little. Mr. Saunderson was with Sir James, and they were deep in tho Aboriginal Education Bill, Lally explained to Chepstowo that they were going to ferry Mr. Templeton across, and then listen to the band in the gnrdens. " There's pleuty of room for you, if you like to come," she said. " Naturally I like to come," he replied, " as long as you don't ask me to pull against the tide." "Are yon lazy?" asked Lally. "I shouldn't have thought it. You look very energetic 1" "So I am," ho returned. '-I'm only lazy when I'm off duty." " I suppose you think you have a right to be lazy than," Lally said with an eaconraging smile. " No ; I don't think it's that," ho answered composedly ; "I don't fancy I reason it out in that way. Perhaps, if I were quite convinced I had a right to be lazy, I shouldn't tako to it quite so kindly. Men are paradoxes, they say, Miss Jucobsen. Aro women, do you think ?" " I don't think I know what a paradox is," Sura said. "In that sense?" he asked. "In any seuse. I don't know wliat tbo word means," said Sara defiantly. "What docs it mean 1 I am very ignorant. Yon must not think Anstruliau girls aro liko yonr well- educated young women in London." He looked curiously at her ; tho look coming not straight out, but from under bis eyes. He had au idea that she was chaffing him in somo way ; what way ho did not exactly under- staml. "I don't like learned girls," he said. " We haven't many of thorn in Loudon — in my set, at least — I atu glad to say. I know ouo nice girl who says sho knows Greek, but I hope, tor her sako, that she was ouly telling a story." "Would yon rather sho told a lie, than that she knew Greek?" Sara asked bluntly. " Well, yes, I think so ; a littlo lie like that, A little lit: liko that didn't do anybody uuy hatrn." Sara lurucd away impatiently, Tltis sort of levity displeased her. "1 don't believe I shall over liko him," she said to herself. - " What stuff you do talk 1" Lally exclaimed. " Horo is tho boat, aud wo shall perhaps grow more sensible by tho time wo have got over." Tho water was now rippling nt their feet, and tho boat was slightly swaying rather than rocking. Chepstowo banded tbo girls in. Sara folt all her high spirits coming back again. Sho had a genuine love of tho beauty of aky and wavo, and grass and iiowor; and a deep benign senso of tbo enjoyment of tho presont hour sank upon her soul and possessed it. " How lovoly I" she exclaimed ; sho could not help tho exclamation. " It is lovoly," Chepstowo said ; "I wish it might last for over." But ho was looking at hor, and not at tho sky or tho wator. Chapter IV, — Tea wrra the Governor. Everyone wondered till quite tho last moment whothcr Dr. Fraill would bo ablo to como, as a spectator if not as au actor, to Lally Stroror's tableaux vivants. It was understood that his doctors had looked aghast at tho suggestion ; but Sir. Templeton assured Lady Strovcr that FraiU was narsing himself np for the party, and that ho intended to be presont if he could do no more than crawl into the room. Tho rehearsals, the dressmaking and tho scenic preparations were in full swing again, Sara was living in a 6tato of montal and bodily commotion, cbo was conscious ol a variety of emotions, but the pressure on her mind and feelings was too great for her to be able to analyse them. She was in a whirl of excite ment all day. Several impromptu entertain ments occupied tho evenings, and she sat lato into many nights over her needle, working at her Belinda costume, which sho was to wear also at the dance after the tableaux. She had made a great many experiments in hair dressing, and had been a long time decid ing whether tho portentous cushioned erection of tho early Georgian days suited her stylo of face. Sho had taken a good deal of pains to be historically accurate, and with that aim had gone over all the illustrated books of that par ticular period which wcro to be found in the Parliamentary library. The search was fairly successful, and tho dress was nearly completed, when the matter came to the Governor s ears, and he wrote to Sara himself, a funny, gallant little note in his crabbed handwriting, saying he had at Govern ment Houso a collection of prints of the era, and begged to place them at her service. He went on to suggest tiiat she and Lady Strovcr and Lally should como to tea at Government House that very afternoon, and curry away anything that suited their pur pose. Sara was agreeably fluttered by the invita tion. Only ono thing tempered her exultation, and that was a certain humorous gleam she discerned in the Private Secretary's eyes when he delivered tho note and added oral assurances of the Governor's anxiety to welcome the party. There had, in truth, been a short conversation between Chepstowo and bis chief on tho sub ject. Sir Ednoy was torn between his resent ful remembrances of the insults offered him on the Ubi, and his desire, which increased daily, to see more of Miss Jacobsen. He wished, us far as'the Strovers and Mr. Jacobsen were con cerned, to maintain tho cold dignity of de meanour which he considered becoming in a constitutional Governor. This was clearly incompatible with any marked devotion to Sara. He sounded Chepstowe on the possi bility of inviting Sara alone. " I don't see how that would do, sir," said Chepstowo. "They seem to be tolerably free and easy here, bnt from what I've seen I don't fancy that the Leichardtstoninn ideas of pro priety would stretch to that. You might ask that man of principle, the Honorable Bateliffe Jacobsen, to bring his daughter, but I should think the old lady was the least objectionable of tho two." "D the old lady!" said the Governor, who was somewhat given to forcible exple tives. " She sets my teeth on edge with her prismatic gowns and her crooked bonnets. I can't see, Chepstowo, why Miss Jacobsen shouldn't come by herself. This isn't liko any other house, you know. My position— as Go vernor—and my — my ago" (Sir Edney brought out the words with considerable effort) " should place me beyond the range of unworthy sus picions, and shield me against the compromising attacks of Leichardt's Town ladies." "Iam sure, sir." said Chepstowe, with a smile that lighted np bis impassive face, 1 ' that the intentions of the Leichardt's Town ladies are strictly honorable, entirely matrimonial. But that doesn't apply to Miss Jacobsen," ho added, with a curious chaugo of countenance, which tho Governor might have found signifi cant had ho observed it " She would probably como here, if you asked bcr, without knowing or thinking that a cbuperonc would be desirable ; and neither her ignorance, nor your position, nor your— age, would save her from iiie com promising tongues of the Leichardt's Town ladies." Sir Edney looked at his private secretary sharply. " I hope, Chepstowe, that you don't imagine I mean uny disrespect to Miss Jacobsen."' "Not at all, sir," promptly returned Chep stowe. " I can't imagine- anybody moaning disrespect to Miss Jacobsen. All tho same, I think you'll have to ask the old lady. I'll do my best to take her off your bauds." Sir Ednoy sighed. "1 suppose you have seen a good deal of her in litis acting business, Chepstowe," he said after a moment. " She's a nice girl, isn't sho ? — fresh and natural — a clever girl, too, I should say." "Who? — Miss Jacobscn? Oh yes? I've had .enviable opportunities, sir ; but I don't fancy wo hit it off vory well. She doesn't take to ine. She is always ou the defensiro. She has other admirers who please iter better. Yes, I should think she was a clever girl. She is adaptable. Without meaning the very least disrespect to her, I should say site was a bit of a flirt." Sir Edney asked several mere questions. It was evident that he did indeed consider his privato secretary's opportunities enviable. Chepstowe was amused. Ho could hot help saying to Sara, when she read the note : " Tho Governor takes a great interest in your dross, Miss Jacobscn. I am sure he would havo liked to bring somo of tho, priuts over himself, and consult with you. In fact, he did make a tentative suggestion to that effect, but his keen senso of gubernatorial dignity — what a crack- jaw word !— got tho hotter of his youthful im pulses. I suppose it would bo a littlo deroga tory for tho Governor to bo ferried across tbo river for a penny, carrying a brown paper parcel liko anyone elso." Sara laughed in a rather uncertain manner. She always fancied that Chepstowo was nrakiug quiet fun of her. Ho proposed presently to row them across himself in their own boat, land them at tho stops of tho Boianical Gurdeus, and take them up through tho private gate into tho Government Houso grounds. It should perhaps be explained that the Gardens, -which the heights of tho Rocky Bank overlooked, were at tho end of tho North Side Point, covering abont half of it, and that Government House and its groands lay on tho other half of tho Point, and were separated from the public gar den only by a high bamboo hedge. Tho plan was a success on tho whole. Chopstowo had plenty to say, principally to Lally. Tito walk through the gardens was pleasant ; and when they reached Government House, the Governor, who had got over his ill- humor, received them with a sort of soignorial cordiality. He could be a very agreeable host when ho cltoso, though there was always a faint impression that ho was'afraid of unbend ing too mucb. He mot them in tbo hall, where were spread tea and fruit and somo dclicato cakes, which occupied Lady Strover's mind in no small degree. She longed to ask for tho recipe, bnt did not dare. Sho ate them moditatively, speculating all tho time how they were mado, ana did not require much talking to. Tho Governor's stiff graciousnoss mado Sara feel a little shy at first, and awed Lady Strover ; but afterwards, when the prints wore brought out, they all became less formal. It did not take long to' decide upon tho dress, for there was a set of illustrations to Popo's poems, con taining one of the very scene in The Eapo of tho Lock which they were going to present. There was a little consultation over Belinda's costume, and then Lally and Chepstowe took possession of the volume and began to compare tho other dresses as they had been arranged with their originals in the drawing. Presently, as if by common consent, the party divided. They started on a tour of inspection of the reception rooms and garden, and lost each other apparently by accident, tho privato secretary leading Lally and her mother in one direction and Sir Edney drawing off Sara in another. He had some eastern cariosities to show her, and ho had a great deal to say about tho arrangements of his house— in which lie seemed to take a fussy womanish delight — about his servants, and the difficulties in Leichardt's Town of regulating au establishment into which females were not admitted. This was one of Sir Edney's peculiarities, by reason of which Humor in hei first breath had upon various occasions falsely credited him with misogynist tendencies He would not allow a womaa to approach him in menial capacity. His servants were all men. "Don't you like women?" Sara asked in surprise. . Sir Edney explained that his admiration of the sex was unbounded. "I roverenco femiuino goodness; I adore feminine grace ; I worship feminine bounty, Miss Jacobsen !" ho exclaimed enthusiasti cally, " My ideal of womanhood is so exalted that to see it dragged down in its grosser manifestations is positive pain to mo. A woman should be above all things poetic. Can there bo anything poetic in the housemaid, whom one meets by accident in the corridor, carrying her broom and her duster ! I prefer to employ Chinese men as housemaids, and to keep my illusions, as far as it is possible to keep them, in a society which does not aim at the artistic. " "I am afraid that we jar dreadfully upon you — we Australians," said Sara svmpathoti- caljy. " I am sure wo are not in tlie least bit artistic — Lady Strovcr and Lally, and tho rest of us." Sir Edney sighed deeply. " No," he replied in a tone of mournful con viction. "Lady Strover is not artistic. A world composed of Lady Strovers would net be nn ideal abode. A certain school may, to be sure, find le beau dans I' horrible, and de formity may be effectivo from the point of view of contrast. But the dull hideousness of commonplace I There is one consolation, how ever, Slius Jacobsen. Elusions can never ho lost while you remain." Sara gazed contemplatively into tho eyes of a Japanese idol, in which she fancied that sho discerned a grotesquo likeness to Sir Ednoy. " I don't think that I qnite understand," she said. "Am I an iUusion?" " You are an embodiment of the ideal," replied Sir Edney fervently. Then, with a sudden reactionary dread lest ho bad gono too far, he added, in a manner that bad something of his former stiffness, "I am old enough. Miss Jacobsen, to tell the truth under covor of a compliment." 