QUEUR STORY. A FOX CAUGHT IX HIS OWX TRAP. Mr. .Tames Fox was the junior part ner in the firm of Plumley and Fox, the principal solicitors in the some what dead-alive old Cathedral town of Slmnborough. He was a smart, well set up young man of two or three and thirty, with carefully trimmed black whiskers, a silken manner, an unlimit ed flow of more or less entertaining small talk. Hence it came to pass tbat he was an exceedingly, popular man among the ladies of Slumborough both old and young, and, had his views lain in the direction of matrimony, he would have had small difficulty in in ducing any bashful damsel or , frisky widow to share his lot. But the handsome solictor was ambitious; his share in the business did not at pre sent bring him in more than a moderate income, and he had long ago determined that wffien he married he must con sider not only beauty, but more solid advantages. Heiresses, liowSver, were not plenti ful in Slumborongli, and so, although Mr Fox's attention fluttered manvavir ginbosom, he was carefulnqtsfco commit, himself too far, and notjevea the local gossips c'ould fairly e'ayJJif hint that he had compromised a" reputation or knowingly Taised false hopes. There was, indeed, one young lady yrho had made - a fleiep 'iihpi;Csmon'ivupon. the solicitor's jheart, Hut' she ' was the daughter of: a country magnate with whom poor Mr. Foxt?wa!s ffqf eveb: on visiting terms. He had met her at the1 Annual Hunt Ball, she had danced twice with him, for Mir. Fox was an excellent waltzer ; but her mother had doubtless warned her against him, for when next they met some six weeks afterwards, Miss Laquerton passed the unfortunate man without so much as a bow. Miss Laquerton, however' was lovely and rich, and Mr. Fox was not a man to be easily discouraged. He knew that if be could only afford to cut the office ,and blossom into a landed proprietor, he would have just as good a chance with her as anybody else, so he waited patiently in the hopes of one day discovering the road which leads to fortune and suc The firm of Plumley and Fox was a highly respectable and old-fashioned concern which avoided litigation and kept almost entirely to family busi ness. Plumley was a fairly good lawyer, but Fox's legal knowledge was of the most limited character and he was much too lazy to take the trouble to; increase it. So it came to be understood between1 tbem that while .Plumley did the office work; Fox kept the clients in good humor by calling on them apropos of nothing and amusing them with his jokes and his stories. This business was tech nically termed " keeping the connee tion together," and it suited Mr. Fox very well indeed; It was while he was thus keeping the connection to gether that Mr Fox made the acquain tance of a certain rich old widow lady named Mrs. Johnston, and so well did he play his cards that before long Plumley-and Fox became Mrs John son's family solicitors, land agents, and confidential advisers. The : firm made a pretty good thing out of' Mrs; Johnson. In accordance' with the usual arrangement, Plumley trans acted the business, and Fox became a constant visitor at her house, and worked his way into her good graces by his wonderful powers of amusing conversation. There was yet -another accomplishment which stood our solicitor in very good stead, this was an accurate knowledge of chemistry and medicine, which - he had picked up as a boy in the shop of bis uncle. The horrible smells which young Fox bad created in his experiments; and the ugly stains he had made on his hands, determined him to forsake medicine for the law, but be never forgot his early experiences., He could talk fluently about every known drug and diseases, and about a great | many which bad not been discovered, be diagnosed Mrs. Johnston's symp toms at least as accurately as Mae Bolus, the Scotch doctor, and would even have prescribed for her bad not the stalwart Scot angrily threatened to kick him if he did so. But he retained a very prominent place in the old lady's affections, and it began to be whispered about that he had an excellent chance of. succeeding to her very valuable property. The disposal of Mrs. Johnson's money was a matter which had long furnished speculation of unfailing interest to the town of Slumborough, and filled many a yawning :gap in conversation at after noon teas.. Mrs. Johnson had but one relative in the world, Miss Lizzie Roberts, the daughter of her late sister. This young girl, however, it was agreed, had not the slightest chance of being 'mentioned in her aunt's will. A hand some, well-bred girl, she was left at her parents' death to make her own way in the world, inheriting nothing but the battle, of life and the dislike of Mts. Johnson, who had not seen the child since it quitted its baby-clothes. This strange antipathy was traceable, as some people said, to times lorig gone by; when Mr, Roberts, Lizzie's father,'then renowned' for his. manly beauty, "had been an assiduous visitor at the house of Mrs. Johnson's parents. She, being the elder daughter, and; taking all his'' attentions to herself, had felt it keenly as a personal insult when her sister dared "to snatch him away"; and even later 6n, after having made a much more brilliant match herself, she never could forgive this early defeat. Death , even had not buried the grudge, which j not unnaturally passed from mother to child. How far this saying may have been true or not, one tbiug was certain; poor Lizzie Roberts had not the ghost of a chance of ever seeing a single penny of her aunt's money-box; her claims were clearly quite out of the question. There remained, then, only Miss Nelly Brown, Mrs. Johnson's lady companion, and Mr. James Fox. Mr. James Fox knew from his part ner, who had cautioned him in a friend ly way, that Mrs. Johnson was not going to divide her fortune, but would leave the whole of it to her " truest friend," though she had evidently not yet made her mind tip as to who de seyved that title. More than. once had jlr. Plumley been suddenly summoned to' draw up a new will; sp slight ah annoyance as a cold cap -ol tea laving, cauM hp^'^estroy thb oh© in Miss jg^^jg^r.' Then two day^^te^ supply of' hot tea at the hand Fox therefore had good cause ■ for anxiety as to what would he the exact state of affairs when the old lady ■was finally called upon to join the majority.;. ~ u With such an old woman," , he said to himself." who is ready to make a new will any day and to bum it the next, there lS ho dhpendenc^. onp's future hangs, upon a whim j . a, remedy must be found. The safest thing would" of course be to make love-. to . Miss Nelly; she isyather altogether not very attractive y ' she were to, get all the mpney^ she. would be anythhig but ^undesiy^ ab le.' ' So Mr. James JFoxset to worh at once to make himself .agreeable to Miss Brown, yet without going .too far; for he had by, no meanu fpr; j gotten Miss Xiaquerton, but he felt it was better to have two strings .to [ his bow, and therefore he determined ; to do his best to keep Miss- Nelly , ,in good humor. This lady, however, • was not so. easily satisfied as the solicitor, expected; for now he. once began to pay hex she wanted a decided offer of max- j riage, and not being able to get,ijfc, she took refuge in a stratagem. This consisted in the, suddenly making the discovery that Mrs. Johnson's health was in absolute want of some German waters—in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her to pass the spring in England, with all the changes of heat and cold. The old I womanwasthprefpre.spon persuaded to yield to r such tender, solicitude,-, and. away the couple. went, leaving .- Mr. i James Fox in, a. rather awkward [dilemma. What was he. to; do? . If he wrote cool letters to Miss Nelly^ | she would he offended ,auA, alii the | chances, would be lost -in the event [ in her inheriting Mrs. Johnson's pro perty ; on the other hand if he splayed ! the part of a lover, he committed him self, and gave her the materials for ! a breach of promise ease, should j the good lady die when hisvname only j figured in her .will, and ,;should -M j then turn his attention to Miss Usquer^ ton? What, then, could he do. - j The worthy Fox was baffl.eii.for the moment, but after - deep; -■ deliberation i he hit upon a great idea which, his chemical studies suggested to, him. Chuckling to himself, he want to a chemist's shop, and purchased several i drugs, and mixed and remixed them ; till a magnificent black was: produced which had the grand advantage that in about ten days after being com mitted to paper it would: fade away without leaving the slightest , trace. Emboldened by the happy result of his experience he became at ohCe the. most tender and zealous correspondent; any woman could wish for.' Sis' letters, in fact, overflowed with; promises of everlasting devotion.; Miss Nelly beamed with joy 5. for 'she; was now convinced how true -and unselfieh was the attachment ot her j admirer. Under such circumstances it'was not surprising that the G-erman waters speedily did Mrs. Johnston so much good that her careful? ;nurse considered that the cure could he shortened, and accordingly the couple I returned to England much earlierthan had been expected. Whether, however, the waters had: really disagreed with the, old lady, - Or something else had upset her, was ' never quite clear, but soon after-their return to England her health and strength began seriously to fail. ' She complained bitterly that; Miss Nelly ; had induced her to undertake aii' un necessary and useless journey, and" that ever since she had neglected her altogether. The end of: it -was'that one day, in the. lieigfch' of her anger, she burnt the then existing will, and made Mr. James Fox sole heir to everything she possessed. This deci sion seems to have exhausted her re maining energy, for she died' not many days after. Mr. Fox, who had been apprised of .the state of affairs by his partiier and . friend, almost lost Ms; senses' with joy; still Ms excitement did - nbfr prevent him investing some money in' hatbands, and crape, and looMng^as if. the sorrows of the whole world rested upon his shoulders. Miss Nelly, too, almost melted away in team,' md could only be comforted fly " her Jamie," as she now caHed But the latter seemed to Have 'tarned juite dull with grief. He did nbt! ippearto understand her ht ialj; and' lay by day. as she became more lemonstrative he grew - less' hff6c-s donate. The afternoon before the hmeral Miss Nelly was extremely aroken-hearfced, and " midst; hersobs •emarked how comfortably and'happy ihe had. always been - with - her; late lear friend. To herastonishment Mr Fox attempted to comfort her by say4 ■V ing.with cool civility, "I' hope'you* may soon meet again with such as - happy home as you have "had here till- ,, moV." - - ,—Nelly'fi tears £dy driecl^ up^Tand with eyes* 4 with? astomBhm^it and auger, ed- " It B^ott whom I expect e this ^o^^Mv^Brj ' shrtiggedL his sayingj "I do not deny on^ had . such ide.^ ; hpt of late, I havegrown wiser. Bvery thing alters in this world; why then ■ -Tint -J« . same ? That is what we call im»» ;>JLJpoi ^ m , •:drying ah aim-> chair. , V: *'r He did not hear anything of tier till a few days later, wien<af gentle nian called upon. him saying that•: Jio -V; Ifeliy ^Toyfji's: affairs, and- suggesting /that perhaps Mr. Pox before mattei^.wpnt further, would prefer_ making some - private arrangement about Ins breach of promise of marriage with his client... . ,.'A \ , ..."what proof of that .promise has Miss Browm -except her saying r i ; so?" as3|ed Mri Fox. . •" Oh," answered the young man, "L have seen a box futt'of letters from you." ."Have you read them?' continued V j Mr. Fpx. s«reastiea ly. , . " - I have , seen the box." ' . " WeP, ypu had better go andread iifcypu can,£nd-.a;single ,lin.e from me to Miss Baown, I am quite ■willing. hi let her have ample.. 4^"?PaS£® ^without their being' awarded ^a eonrt^f i^^Vi . There was something so diabolical abopt Mr. Fox, that the young de fender of innocence found it best to = retire for the present, leaving his op ponent to rub his hands triumphantly and build castles in the air about" the country-seat, and the horses and! car—■ ■ riages, he was going to buy in. order to dazzle Miss I^ue^hm, whom he felt justified in .^seriously thinking about now. Miss. Nelly .had meanwhile been in -fprm^'dC^he ephym^on atMr. Eox!a ^| ofiSce, and, with au indignant exclamn-^ tion about "such incredible untruth-,/' •••>•' she went to fetch her lettci-box. There / sure enough were the letters, all in the little packets, neatly /ied up withrblue- * | .'ibbons j but .strange to ssayj ;: she could nop see an address; and, oh, • heaveris |[ whsa hhe ^undid the packets. white paper, without ? flfe;ie wo»d on ^'ly lawyer had evidently. deceived her bjr; some demoniacal trick^ U.?' "The shock Was so great to the poor love-sick lady, that sJie had scarcely the courage to show herself when; the will was to be read ; but she rallied at last/ ^Piag kPRe ^bight still : < ^ ln h* V favor, whe» she; could treat h with scoip and contempt herfaiiinesi"x lover and his paltry damages.! " Mt-.JTox, although he considered him— *> self already niaster .of the house and 1 everything in it, felt. considerably ex- ; :c-i^,. pa • the morning; of the: dry apV pointed for the reading of the will, and' when; Mr. Piumley, as chief executor, s ' sat down and slowly got his, spectacles out,, his. junior pjirtner. paom over so faint, and h isheart. fluttece. tp such, an extent that he fancied all his hppes; aud beautiful .castles in ;the air were crntnb-" iWhydid.; n?^ at ^ce; j tead! tim document;. why did he continue tor stare first at the paper in his hand then. «t■. those-- around him, and. then oncn ■tapip at.;the--paper^,■without .uttering a. , single woad ; and then at last whezi he did speak, why did he stammer «i _y dp not know.; I see nothing—in faetdt is the same paper, but- . v Could it be ? . Yes sure enough it was. the paper'on. ^hich the will had been made'ou^; but. there yra-s - nothing ■ upon : it now, it was merely a blank, a Whites sheet 1 • >'. i ........: . -'-"i. ^©ood heavens] With what int; did yoil write-out the will f> burht out- f at last Mr. Fox. , m v '' With what' mkf" related the old genflemah ^ighai^'P^iyi;^Wh# mk, As I found the inkstehdbpstadrs " dry, and the- old lady was in mchV ' deadly hurry, I rushed down myseir to get some, an4 seeing yoite b^xim- ... the hall, I took from it ihe little ink stand which ^ou always carry about." .Pafe, and without saying Jaoibther word, varifshed time to ask for an explanation. When khb Test of the company had composed themselves again, Mr. Piumley said: " I tnow that the testatrix" has "de stroyed all former wills, so that there, is none at alt in existence, and, by law therefore' the property will go to ther next of tin. I know also that1 Mrs J Johnson had no relatives whatever, ' ixcept Miss Lizzie Eoheits. ^She * :onseqnently sole heiressr^-^iy^^ Prmted and publish^'7 hv 3"* &= * -, Mather J. t ,T r i s'~" 