Three Hours in the Night Mail. ' ' Wnms it down ! Write it down!' For many a long day these words have been haunt ing mo — me, a staid, sensible spinster, who never in hor lifo wrote down anything moro important than a lotter of some half-dozen sheots. For many a day then I have thought and thought whothor I ouKht not to put down. for tho bonefit of this cynical, incredulous generation, tho ono great inexplicable adven ture of my quiet spinstorhood. After trying many polished and roundabout beginnings, upon which I wasted several sheets of gond paper, I at list oamo to tho conclusion that it was quito f atilo for mo to try and beguilo tho publio— a d above all the publishers— into tho idea that I was a riBiog and talented authoress but that I had better just narrate in my plain way my strango and awful experience ; trust ing to the gonerosity o! my readers to pardon any BlipB or roughnesses in my composition ; reminding them again that since the days whon I wrote essays on ' History,' ' Truth,' &o.;, for my English governess at school, all my attomptB in this lino hive been confined to a aix-orossed sheeted lotter to a bosom friend. In tho first place, I suppose I ought to tell you something of my personal appearanoo, though m I utterly despise and abhor all suoh fabrications of lies as novels or novelettes, and havo never oponod one for — porhaps I had better not say how many years — I have oon sequently no idea what is the fashionable sty'e of beginning. Well, I am 5 feet 8 inches in hoightrl have grey oyes, a Roman nose, and a sharp chin. I am a strong advocate for women's suffrage, and, in fact, for the rights of women of all kinds I have never addrc ssoi a meeting yet, nor cm I put myself down as a ' B.A.' or ' S.A.,' as the fominino degree must, I suppose, bo called, though I am afraid tho tender fcolingflof the sex willbehurtif any difference is made between them and their more favoured fellow creitares. XTp to a certain period of my life, if there was one subjeotupon whioh I felt particularly strong it was on ' Ghosts.' I felt onoo or twice that I really could apeak on that subjeot, aud even oontom plated giving a leoture, but somehow, when I had walked down to the Assembly Rooms, and stood in tho middle of the one I waa going to ohoose for my debut, my heart failed me ; I looked at the high walls, at tho rowa of empty seats, filled in my imagination with countless heads — I believe there is something wrong in that sentence, bnt it sounds so flowing, I can't find the heart to scratoh it out — when I looked at those coats, and then at the raised platform in the dim dis- tance, I — well I went homo and burnt the advertisement which I had written out. But my contempt for ghosts oontiuued in full force. I dismissed three nursemaids for telling ghost stories to my nieces of whom I had charge I took a house close to the parish churohyard — taking care to bo well abovo it— and I was just on the brink of joining tho nommitteo for 'Haunted Houses' when tho event happened whioh necessitates my writing now. Tea, up to the time of that event, I would cheerfully havo faoed a dozen ohurcnyards on the darkest night, acd as for a haunted houso, I laughed at the idea, and alw*ya made a point when I went to stay at any country mansion of select ing the darkest, most oak- panelled, and most tapsstried room Yot even in those days it dil strike me sometimes, r.a perhaps it has struok other people liko myself .that every now and then queer things did occur ; things whioh gradually it became ovidont to my friends th .t my opinions on some points had changed ; so they have, and I think when you have read how they were changed yours may change too, unless you take refuge, as I am sorely afraid you will, in 'digestion,' and 'delu- sions of the brain.' It was the night of the aeoond of November, and as my High Ohurch cousin, at whoso hou;e I wai staying, informed me, tho 'Feast of AU Souls.' It wbb a weird, wild night, dark, and raining gustily every now and then The owls hooted and yelled in tho tall dark elms with which the littlo parsonage was snrroundod. The olouds went rushing in fragmentary masses across tho sky — grey, blaok, and white— in appa rently hopeless confusion. I am not artistic nor icjthotio, hence this unembellished deacrip tion. Besides I had something else to ds that night than gaze at the flying olouds, and listen to tho moaning wind and gusty rain. I was deoply engaged in the necessary but un romantio occupation of ' packing up,' having before me the pleasant prospeot of a night journey of more than a hundred miles to the house of a dear sick friend in London who hid telegraphed for ma that afternoon. Yet, though at the time I noticed it so little, I shall nover forgot to the day of my doath the sound of that rushiug, screaming wind, nor the fright of those angry flying olouds. The train left the country town from whioh I was to start at 10.59 pm., and arrived in London at 1.40 a.m. ' A wonderfully quiok journoy,' osl remarked to my cousin, ' scarcely a Btop all the way.' 'Oh, cousin Joan!' said tho timid little voice of my oousin's young wife. ' I wish you could stay till to-morriw ; indeed it is a fearful night, so dark and wild. I would not travel all that way by myself to-night for anything. Don't you really think you had better wait till tho morning ; there is an early train P ' 'Nbneense, child,' I answered, ' tfca nigtt is not a bit oold, and as for the darkcoss, I shan't trouble muoh about that whon I get into the comfortable lighted railway carriage.' But ehe would not be satisfied ; -with her littlo pale face, and an anxious timid look iu hor eyes, eho come nearer to ma. 'Dear Joan.' she said, in a low, rather fearful voice, ''it is not only that the night ia very wild, but— but— I know you will think me very silly— it is the seoond of November, the night he r.ent away.'. What was it that mado my intrepid countenanco suddenly grow white, as the mirror opposite told mo it did, and then flush a deep soarlot ; what was it that made me suddenly wish that I waa not going out into the great darkness and the wild wind ; what was it that mads me from that moment notice overy moon of that same wind, and every gusty epla«h of the oold rain ? It was that my little pale cousin had reminded me of the fact that this wtu the 2nd of Novem ber, tht ' ' Feast of AU Souls.' Ten years ago, on a ' 1'eait ol All Houl-j, one had gone irom thia quiet country reotory, gone away- into tho darkness and storm. Out on the windy drive I had said good-bye to him; in this little room, a few minutes earlier, they had all said good-bye to him— for evermore. He had entered the London train, and he was never seen or heard of again, exoopt that a fow weeks afterwards a report reaohed us that he had been seen boarding an Australian bound ship, acoompanied by a woman. .When I fir»t heard of his disappearance the hoxrible doubt and mystery nearly sent me mad. Then, when Irecovored, they told me that report, and pro fessed to believo in it — to comfort mo ! Tes, it did comfort me, it withered mo up, it hardened mo, it dried up my youthful lovo and faith. I had loved him with all my strength, with all tho love there was in me, and now ho had deserted mo, and I besamo what I am — a oynioal, shrivelled spinster. ' Come, Joan,' said my cousin Herbert's voice, ' the oarriajre has come round, time i; getting on ; ' so-I kissed his little wife in ailenco, and was soon whirling away throogh the long dark lanes to tho little county town from whioh I was to start. We drove in silence till wo reaohed the quaint old city. The wind had somewhat abated, but the rain was falling steadily with a dreary plash on the glistening pavement. I put down tho carriage window and looked out. A great gust of bitter wind oame sweep ing down the high, narrow street, making the yellow lamps flicker, and tho few foot passengers get closer t:- the walli ; rattling tha blaok obimney pots standing out against the wild sky ; then tho thower passad, and tho moon looked out irom among the dark olouds dashing around her, and threatening nvery moment to ov.-rwholm hor, and tho wind began sirouming and roaring ; and mingled with the noiao cuino the wild yell* of bqum deputing train, and tho jangle cf h.i-lf a. dozen chimes sounding the quartor. 'I hopo that is not my train,' X aaid to my oousir. with eomo anxiety ; ' what timo did you say it started ? ' .. ',' Ton fifty-Diae,' answorcd ho, ' wo have moro than ton minutes.' Tho carriage stopped, nnd wo went. Into tho station. It waa ono of thoxo dark stations whioh so many country towns boast ; a placo which looked as if tha builder had taken in only the gloomy side of railway travelling, and built his eclifUe to oor rcspond with tbojportings aud dreary last good byes of which w Li such a adnafcant witness. The wind was rushing in at tho upper end, and driving before it groat spurts of rain. What with the gloom, just relieved by tho dull and sickly lamps ; tho puffing and blowing of steam ; tho howling of the wind, and the ehrioking of tho engines, the place looked more liko the suitable, terminus for trains to a certain unmentionable region, than tho proud railway doput of an enlightened nineteonth-oentury town. Certainly it wbb dreary— vcrv dreary — and I drew olosor to my cousin as wo walked up and down tho long platform. ' How foolish I am to-night,' I kept thinking. ' I oan't imagine what has oome over mo ; really mothers should bo very careful to prevent tho Billy nurBOB from filling the children's heads with nonsensical suporatitions ; there U no bondago more difficult to bhako oft. t is certainly a horrid night.' 'JuatlO years ago,' remarked my oouain, 'since I saw poor John off from this very station. Poor fellow ! How ho laughed and talked all the way to town. I remombor tho drive so well ; I waa only quite a young chap then, but ha was very good to me, and I was very fond of him. It waj suoh a wild night, very much like this, windy and rainy. You remombor John Earlo, don't you? I reoollect getting him a Yorkshire Advertiser from a ittlo lad just like that ono. By tho way, you havo not any paper, I had better got you ono ;' and he ran after the newspaper boy and left me alone. Waa it the cold wind ru&tlina; through the station that made me shudder and my flesh creep ? Poor lad ! Why, oh why would he talk about what I would give any thing to forget— to keop out of my mind ? The train oime tearing in, groaning and uhrioking. My cousin found ma a oomfortable empty ficat olass, and put me in. 'Would you like a novel?' he asked. 'No, thank you,' I answered. 'I real a novel, indeed. I have gat the report of the Haunted Houses Committee,' I continued. 11 Most amuBing.' 'All right,' sail he, shutting tho door; ' chacun a son giiut. I hopo you will havo a pleasant journey. Telegraph when you ar rive.' The train moved. I leaned out of the win dow and waved farewell to him till we passed out of the dirty yellow light into darkness and storm. Then I set to work to miko myself comfortable. I pulled up both windows; I put back one of the arms of the seat to make a oouch; wrapped myself up in my fur cloak and travelling rug ; propped up my head with my new air oushion ; and settled myself down with a copy of the Yorkshire Advertiser, and the report of the Haunted Houses Committee, determined to banish all foolish thoughts out of my wiso head. Well, aa you see, I certiinly hid orery reason to be very comfortable, and have a pleasant night journey. Xet, though the oouch was more comfortable than my horsehair one at home, though the rugs were de lightfully soft and warm, though my report looked very enlivening, and the Yorkshire paper had a splendid article on womon'B suffrage — my favourite topic— yet, spite of all these bleseings, and angry as I felt with myself at it, I could not rest at all. My brain seemed so possessed with silly thoughts. I felt so lonoly, and do what I -would, strange oreeping fears would come over mo, making me shudder and look nervously mound. I gave up my attempts at reading, and tried to coin amyBelf to Blesp — many a good nap have I under similar circumstances. But no, sleep I could not ; that All Souls' qvoning 10 years ago haunted me. Again I seemed stand ing at the hall door of the little parsonairo, and ho beside mo, aaying ' Good-bye ' Then tho wind oame with, a groat sweep and blew to the door behind me, and the hall lamp went out. But we did not notice it. I put round his neck the brown and white muffler I had myself knitted him. Ah ! I could almost fool again his soft breath on my face, and something yet sweeter and softer. Carriage wheels came round the oorner of the drive, I could hear them ramble — the sound which for ever parted us two. Then with a passionate embrace and kiss he went away, and left mo out on the windy drive with the dark shrubs creaking and rooking around, those same owls hooting and urying up in the trees, and right above mo nnd them the dark flying clouds, and the red wild moon. 'How Billy I am,' I cried to myself, banishing with an effort tho sad vision ; and starting up '.I went to tho window and looked out, for I oould not b-ar to lie still there any longer. There was a faint moon light now, enough to show mo tho flat, low ooustry through whioh -we were paesing. It was dotted over with bright ligh'.H and columns of ascending tmoko ; evidently wo wero on tho border of one of the great midland manufac turing- towns Ab I was guzirjg out of the window, I was startled suddonly by a creasing rustling aound in tho carriage, like the noise of a newspapor when it is turned over. 'How foolish I am,' I thought, to start at ovory little noise, and I looked round cxpeoting to soe my Yorkshire Advertiser on tho floor, but somowhat to my surprise I saw that it was wrapped up as I had left it, iu a tidy folded parcel, and more over that tho heavy report was lying upon it, so that it oould not possibly havo been rustled by the wind or anything else. 'The holland blind],' I said decidedly to myself, but in sf ito of my decided thoughts, a queer little shudder orept through my frame. I let down tho carriage windows and looked out ; it was raining now, and the howls of the wind had subsidtd into low sighs and f tint moans. ' The train was passing through some city, and over the sleeping piles of bricks and mortar came the sound of the olook boll from tho high dim oathedral tower. Twelve — twelve long booming sounds, each growing fainter a^ wo passed away from the city into the brown fields again. My eyes dropped to tbo door of the carriago and mechanically read tho number, 1,294—1,204. Meohardoally, I say, my eyes read it, but it seemed to fill my brain. 1,294 ! 1,291 ! Whore had I heard it ? What undo tho sound of its numbers ring in my ears, bringing in distinot memories of something horriblo, somothlng terrible 1,294 ! Ah ! memory camo to me with a flash. It was the number of the railway oarriage in which ho hnd travelled that night of tho Feast of All Souls ten years ago ! I; was tho night of tho Feast of All Souls again, and I was travel ling iu number 1 294 of tho siimo night London train. With desperate effort I tried to banish the thought from my brain. I leaned out of the window, I gnzed down tho long reaches of flat colourless fields through whioh we were dashing at 60 miles an hour (peed. Down here in the midlands the night waa osltn and still. The great yellow moon stood out in a clear blue uky, and tho oinht breezo blow softly against my fdoa. Perhaps tho night wind had blown against his face at that very window, perhaps his eyes had gazed down at the same grey fields over whioh the Bame yellow moon waa shining ! 'Twes horrible. I oould not bear to Btay. Closing the window I Bit dowa again in the middle of tho carriage. The train pasted into a deep ruvice, and I could see the mo'-n no more. For a moment I felt almost glad, then I heard . — what made tny flesh creep, and my blood run oold. It was the same sound whioh had atartlod mo a few minutes previously. Th;re was no mistaking it this time. Tho blinds win rolled up tight ovor tho rollers. I held mr folded paper and the report in my hands. There was no othor paper in the carriage — yot that ni«tiing, creas-ing sound of paper, as of a now«pup-r turned ovor by its reader, and almost I fancied, I ould foel a waft of cold air. My limbs trembled, and my hands grew cold. Then there was eilenoe again — dead eilenot. The train stopped for a few minutes I know nt some large town at 12 40. How thankful I felt, for then I could leave thia horriblo enrriago and get into ono with eomo follow- travellara. Surely, surely, it must bo nearly thnt time now. I folt as if I muet doream, jump oit of tho train, or anything — anything.. I omld not bear to romain muoh longor whore I was, such a feeling of utter horror aad fearful dread had oome ovor me. ?With a trombling hand I took out my little wbito- friced -watch, and hell it down so that tho light foil on it — fifteen m\nutei past 12. Now it waa that the strangest nnd mott mysterious ptrtof my niyht's iidycnturo began. I feel tint I Rhall not ba believed, th*t I nhonld havo laughed nt tbo tnlo myBolf if nnyono had told it to mo, yot I will tell it. I must tell it, if only to reliove my own mind of it« awful mysterious durdon, though ns I writo oven now, years later, my hsnd shakos 'and my blood chills. Almost overyono knows 'hit horriblo fc-oling that one oxp^-rieiioes in a nightmare, whon ouo is trying— trying to do.nomething, and yot ono oannot do it. Bomothiiig of that fooling camn over me now, only more horrible. X hnd fixed my eyes on tho littlo wateh in my hand, and why, or wherefore, Heave to others to' ex- plain -a resolute determination seized me not to lift them from it ; and yet. determined aa I was, firm as was my resolution, I could not, positively could not, keep my own oyes fixed upon it. They would rise ; somo dreadful, inoxplioablo faeoination seemed to draw them up and my head round tothe opposite far oorner of the oarriaga. I began to count the figures on tho dial — 1, 2, 3 — my eyes were on the leathor back of tho Beat just in front. I must look round, I must, I must ! Tbo feeling was horriblo. I felt my head slowly move ; with a desperate effort 1 forced it back. Close, oloso to my eyes I held the little white wateh dial I tried to think of something elso ; I beliuvo I screamed ; I know I wildly prayed. I dared uo;, would not look ; a fearful dread had twized me. Xet the fascination was strong as ever. Suddenly a cold draught of air swept through the car riage, though I knew that the windows had both boon shut ! My will yielded, the fasci nation prevailed. I turned my h(ad, and my eyes fixed themselves ou that opposite corner. Moroif ul heaven ! The window was wide open, pnd tho cold moonlierht ttreuiniuir in. Shown out dearly against tho glass ut the side was tho outline of a face— a beautiful man's face — his face ! as if cut in some dark shadow I recognised the woll-known profile — his hand some profile. I could tee the broad white brow, with the soft brown hair clustering round it, and under it his great eyes closed as if in sleep. Rouud the neck was a fcicmn and white muffler — tho muffler I had made, and put on for him, in the dark rectory garden. Then came the outline of a hand holding something in it— a newspaper, I could read the title — Yorkshire Advertiser, November 2, 1SCI. This was IS 74. Motion less and silent he sat— my John. Suddenly itealing up to his face cam; a hand, a white, long-fingered hand. It g:-d?pod the end of that which he wore round his throat— ray gift ! Oh ! horrible .' Closer, tighter, a struggle, and the beautiful fuoe fell back, dead. Then the carriage door seemed open, and I saw beneath a dork running river, and to my ears came a sound of something heavy falling into its torrent. * » ? * * * * When I awoke once more in the waiting room of a town station, whither I had been brought from the train, then I knew that my John had not been unfaithful to me, but that he slept for ever under the dark waves of that unknown Midland river. — 3y N. O'Melia, in the Manchester Weekly Times. 