CHAPTER XXVI. 0 Up] OUTSIDE THE WINDOW. ft It was the same room in which she had had that first interview with him on her arrival at Burrow Hall, when his naturalness and good-humour had put her at her ease and convinced her that there was one person at least, in that strange house with whom she would be able to " get on." But his reception on this occasion was very different. " Oh, happy hour I " he whispered beneath his breath, and drew her to his breast, and kissed her again and again. " You got my letter, then," she said softly, as though excusing herself for submitting to these carcases, which the consciousness that she had acknowledged her love for him made, in truth, a thousand times more intoxicating. " Of course I did, my darling, and shall wear it next my heart till you take its place, was the ardent re- joinder. "Think what it has cost are not to reply to it; and think," he added, with a glance at the enclosed door behind which they stood, "what a need for caution there must be which imposed upon me such a cruel silence." " But there is no need now," said the girl, withdrawing from him with a sudden impulse. " Indeed there is, darling, and more than ever. You will surely put a little trust in me ? '' he pleaded for her face had suddenly grown very grave " You will not misconstrue or misconceive my motives, as others have done, when I say that for some time yet we must needs keep our love a secret ? " "I cannot do it-not even for your sake," she answered, firmly. " But you have done it already dearest." " With Mary, it was different. I owe her no such duty as I owe Mrs. Milburn; but under her roof there must be nothing clandestine. If I deceive her I should be unworthy of you." " You do not know how ill she is, Lizzie." " That would only make it worse to deceive a sick, perhaps a dying, woman ! How can you ask it of me ?" " Because I love you so ; because the thought of any hindrance to our union drives me wild. Hindrance ! Nay, there would be flattest denial. You do not know my stepmother's obstinate nature, nor my father's pride." " I am proud, too, in my way," returned Miss Dart. Her shapely figure was drawn up to its full height; her eyes sparkled with a light that was new to him. She was resolute, it was plain, to have her will and yet, as he gazed upon her, and bit his lip in doubt and fear, he could not withhold his admiration. It seemed to him that her beauty had never shone so gloriously before. " There is only one way," he nor mured, mechanically. " Give me till to- morrow. Promise me at least this much-that for twenty-four hours you will not disclose the-the relations between us." I do not like it," said Miss Dart, doubtfully, and yet remorseful of her doubt. It was terrible to her to have to oppose him almost as terrible as that sharp, quick pang at her heart caused by she knew not what-which had made her step back from him a few minutes ago. "Do you suppose I like it?" he exclaimed, bitterly. "Do you think it will he easy or pleasant for me, for even twenty-four hours, to keep at a distance from you to treat you as if nothing had passed between us to put a padlock on my lips to veil my eyes to hide the thoughts-the loving, bliss- ful thoughts- that consume my soul ? Oh, Lizzie to refuse my first request, and that so slight a one !" His words, uttered with passionate vehemence, but in suppressed, scarcely audible tones, melted her heart within her but what moved her even more were his pleading eyes, his beseeching looks, his strong arms held forth in piteous expostulation. " I do not refuse it," she answered, with her hand upon her heart, as though to restrain its wild and unaccustomed beating. "I will keep our secret till to-morrow." " For that, much thanks. It is the last time that I shall ask you to give way to any wish of mine ; henceforth, it is your will in all things that shall be my law-the law of love." Again he took her to his arms and kissed her tenderly then suddenly started back, with an exclamation. " What is it ?" she inquired, her manner almost composed by contrast with his agitation and alarm. " Nothing. I thought I saw a man's shadow through the window ; my father is somewhere in the grounds, and if he should have seen us" "Well, and what then ?" she put in, disdainfully. "He will know to-day what he will have to be told to-morrow, that is all. What have we to be ashamed of?" "Nothing, indeed," he answered, eagerly ; " but you do not know my father. What would happen should he discover our secret would be, that you would be packed home at once, and I-well, packed off. What then again - you may say." He broke off abruptly, and fell to pacing the little room. " Well, by Heaven, I believe you are right. A woman's instinct is sometimes better than all the wisdom of the serpent. On the whole, I believe it would be the best thing that could happen. You would go to your aunt's house, of course and I would take lodgings in the same parish for three weeks that is necessary, I believe, to secure a license. Or, still better, we could go to a Registry Office: you are not one to care for orange flowers, and bridesmaids, and all the paraphernalia of the altar. Why should I not call you mine at once ?" "That was not my proposition," said Miss Dart. "I wish you to do nothing rash or without consideration." "I am sure you don't-the proposal comes from me. I am not a young gentleman under age, or just of age. Isam my own master-that 13, until I knew you. Now, I am your slave." It was pleasant to her to hear him call himself so-this strong-willed and impetuous man, of whom so many stood in fear even if she did not quite believe it as to his offer, she did not take the same view of it as other girls, no better, if better placed, might have done ; the standpoint from which she viewed it was so different; she had pride enough, but her pride inclined her to it. She resented the contempt which, as he had implied-and, no doubt, with good reason-the Squire would regard her. She knew herself superior to the whole race of Melburns (save one) from the Conquest downwards. Birch and blood were nothing to her, wealth she did not desire ; if the Major had represented himself to her as a man of fortune, instead of one with moderate means, it would not have affected her a hair's breadth in his favour; it would, indeed, have been to his disadvantage, since, in taking him, she might have been taking something away from others. It seemed to her that she had no less right to make her choice of him than he of her. That she could make him a good wife, she felt assured; she was ready to sacrifice herself to him in all ways, and, at the same time, to benefit those belonging to him. Whatever influence she might, have on him would be used to mend the breach between him and his family, and to disabuse their minds from the prejudices they entertained against him. She would, above all, be in a position to oppose the designs of Mr. Winthrop should he still attempt to prosecute them. All these considerations pressed upon her mind. What she was not so conscious of, was that his passion was re-echoed and responded to iii her own heart by an equal j earning. If love consumed but as he had said, it almost burnt in her, though with a far purer and steadier flame. She had spoken to him with apparent calmness and deliberation, but it had cost her much to do so ; she had longed to say, even to that proposition of secrecy, and, as it had seemed to her, even at duplicity, " Whatever you please, dearest to be assured of your love is also ask" and now, when what he proposed involved no dereliction of duty, why should she hesitate to make him happy? His scheme, perhaps, was somewhat audacious ; but it was not like an elopement proposed by a young heir, but only a taking of the bull by the home a bold method of doing away at a stroke with the obstructions that stupidity and convention were certain to offer to their union. In delay there was certainly danger, and to both of them : why should she run the risk of their happiness being sacrificed at the altar of family pride? " If I am thrust out of these doors through no fault of mine," she answered, after a long silence, I am ready to do as you think best and wisest." "If you are thrust out of these doors, my darling," repeated the Major, with tender earnestness, " my arms will be open to you. In the meantime, while you remain here be surprised at nothing that happens." He pressed' his lips to her forehead, as if in sign and seal of their agreement, and noiselessly left the room. She stood, while half dazed, but wholly happy, till the unaccustomed hush and silence in the house reminded her that all is not love in the world : while she had been partaking of its raptures, what a scene of misery was in all probability being enacted above stair ! Could the love be worthy, she asked herself in bitter self, reproach, that had made her, even for a few minutes, oblivious of the facts and yet, and yet was she to blame that human nature had been too strong for her White and silent as a ghost, she hunted through the empty hall and up the stairs to her own room, whither, as she guessed, Mary would presently come to fetch her but instead of taking off her bonnet and shawl, she sank down on a chair, overcome by a tumult of emotions. Though the open windows, which looked out immediately on a small shrubbery leading to the paddock, where the cattle were standing under the trees, came all those tranquil sounds which seem to intensify the noon-day silence of the summer. The dreamy case of the rocks, the cock crow from some distant farm-yard, the swishing of the cows' tails, the swing of the bough released from the weight of the blackbird-it seemed as though, like Finegan in the fairy story, she could almost hear the grass grow. Had she done wrong, or had she done right. Had she been thinking of herself and her own advantage all alone, while flattering herself that she was doing her best for others ? From all self-seeking in the way of profit or position she could honestly exonerate herself, and leave the court of conscience without a stain, but, in giving way to her lover's per- suasions, had she not been conscious of finding for herself an escape from slavery, a termination to a life of an genial toil? What would honest and simple-hearted Aunt Jane say when she came to hear of her engagement ; or, rather, what would she probably think of it while locking her thoughts in her own heart lest they should do her darling wrong? And if even Aunt Jane should not arraign her, could Mrs. Melbourne, and those who thought with her on such subjects, he blamed for imputing selfish and unworthy motives ? Here, the fragrance, of a cigar was borne on the summer breeze, and a footstep that she knew passed close beneath the open window; then an angry voice cried, Jefferson, a word with you and the footsteps halted ; others came up to where they stopped, and she felt that the Squire and his son were standing within a few yards of where she sat, and were about to speak of her. Whether it was her duty to rise and let him know that she was within earshot, it is difficult to say ; but Nature had decided for her. Her limbs were paralysed-not, indeed, we fear, but with a certain dead expectancy ; her tongue clove to the roof of her mouth. She could only picture to herself the two men standing face to face-Mr. Melburn pale with rage, and the Major with that quiet imperturbable look which he always wore in times of variance with his people. " " I will thank you not to pursue any of your disgraceful intrigues, Sir, under my roof, were the Squire's first words. Terrible words indeed ; but even while they rang in her burn- ing years, Miss Dart did not forget the nature of the speaker, or the circumstance that drew them from his lips. The Squire was just the man who, in his moments of fury, exaggerates the crime of an offender and generalises an accusation for they very purpose of embittering it. " Indeed, Sir, you are doing me wrong," was the quiet reply. She could see him, though the wall was between them, flicking away the ash from his cigar and smiling confidently under his moustache. "I know the morality of your profession as to falsehood, where a woman is concerned," answered the Squire, contemptuously; "or else I should say you were lying " "I hope you will not say that Sir," replied the Major, not pleadingly, but in a tone of suppressed menace. " Let me say at once, then, that I happened to be passing by the study window ten minutes ago, and thereby save you the trouble of further sub- terfuge. Perhaps you will explain with at little circumlocution as the case admits, how you come to be kissing my daughter's companion ?" "Nothing is more simple Sir; indeed, if this inquisition had not taken place, it was my intention this very day to have told you-not, indeed, that I had kissed Miss Dart, which is after all, a superfluous detail ; but that I had found it necessary for both our sakes to secure her as an ally in a certain affair which is at least as important as a flirtation with a governess." " You admit the flirtation, how- ever," remarked the Squire drily. " Well, yes ; the only means that occurred to me for securing her ser- vices," replied the Major, coolly, " was to pretend to make love to her." Miss Dart shuddered as she listened: the lie she felt assured, was uttered for her sake ; but it was no less a lie. She had read that, in men's eyes, or in some men's eyes, all was fair in love and war ; but hitherto with contempt and disapproval. Was it" possible that true love could ever be the excuse for an untruth The very calmness with which the he was told appalled her. Could love, and not custom, have given that impressive tone, that confidence of utterance, which almost to her ears carried conviction with it? "It has, perhaps, escaped your notice," continued the Major-with one pause, owed to a puff of his cigar author Miss Dart, giving way no doubt to certain influences which have been brought to bear upon her, has all along opposed herself to your wishes in the matter of Mr. Winthrop ; a piece of impertinence, you would say "this, no doubt in answer to some contemptuous gesture of the Squire's-" but we must take things as we find them ; her opinion has great weight with Mary, and it seemed to me worth a little trouble to win her over to our views." " Why not have told me all this at once, and let me have sent her pack- ing ?" returned the squire, quickly. " You know my position here, Sir, and how any direct interference of mine, even for Mary's good, would have been resented by Mrs. Melbourne and misrepresented to you. I have, as it happens, fallen upon your dis- pleasure even as matters stand that is my misfortune; I have done my best, and failed, it seems, most egregiously As to Miss Dart, you shall never have to complain of my speak- ing one word to her again ; but on the other hand, while she remains under this roof, you may take it for granted that Winthrop's attentions will be persistently discouraged." "I shall give Miss Dart her conge this very day," said the Squire, with sudden decision. " In my opinion, you could not do a wiser thing, Sir," said the Major indifferently. \- Miss Dart heard this without surprise ; now that she had once got over the shock of the Major's duplicity, the rest seemed strangely familiar to her like one of those scenes which we fancy have occurred to us in a previous state of existence. She understood as if she had been at the back of his mind, that his object was to get her out of the house that he might follow her to London at once and marry her. There was the quick spirit of a match and silence while another cigar was being lit. Then a pause which had no such explanation. The Squire was regarding his son with eyes once more full of suspicion; the indifference j he had shown as to the governess's departure had perhaps been overdone. Iel When does your leave expire, Sir?" he presently asked, abruptly. "It has only just begun," returned the Major, smiling. " At the risk of being wearisome to my family, I thought of living at home for the next six weeks." The Squire stroked his chin and nodded his head, as if in sign that, having considered the matter, he felt, upon the whole, satisfied. He turned upon his heel as if to retrace his steps, then suddenly stopped, and in grave quick tones, such as one uses to escape from an unpleasant subject, observed, " I conclude, Jefferson, that your wife is still alive ?" "Yes, sir; she is." Footsteps upon the gravel dying away in opposite directions; on the one side sharp and decided, on the other over which hung the tobacco smoke, slow and dawdling-the steps of a careless longer. Then the case of the rook and the crew of the cock, and the swishing of the cows' tails in the shade again. All was the same as it had been ten minutes ago ; but, in the meantime, a life had been shattered. There are wounds which the misconduct of those we love is capable of inflicting on our spiritual nature similar in their effects to those of gunshot wounds on the human frame; death ensues, but without mutilation and there are also cases trophies equivalent to those produced by the bursting of a shell, by which the whole moral being is laid in ruins. Of these latter victims, one here and there, if he have strength to bear the knife-the lopping away of the last fragments of misplaced trust, the splinters of diseased and morbid love will sometimes recover ; but he is never, as the phrase goes, " the same man he was" again. And this thing is still more true in the case of a TO BE CONTINUED. 