CUASS CAKELKSSNfcSS OR INTENTIONAL INSDLT. WHILE the local journalistic organ of conservatism is ac tively engaged in its congenial task of hymning the praises of the existing constitution under which the Coiouy is ruled, the ' mild despot' who is at the head of the present Government has taken she trouble to demonstrate ia what an extraordinary jnauuer the couduct of public business can he grossly mismanaged aud deliberately neglected in Western Australia. Upou the Legislature resolviug that the Colony shonld be officially' represent ed at the late great Colonial aud ludiaa Exhibition, the Goveuxos at once in the plentitude oi his power appointed a Commission to eoiltct exhibits, forward them to Luudou, aud to generally superintend the orgauizatiou of a Western Australian Court at the great Imperial iihow. Of that Corn mission bis Honor the Chief Justice acted us CUairmau, and for a while everything went as smoothly as could be either expected or desired. Now the unfortunate rupture, of.' both amicable official ai.d friendly personal iviatioas, which occu red between bis KxcEi.LtKcr aud Iiis iioxois. is still so fresh iu the public mind that it hardly needs mentioning to be recalled ; but it is certainly a remarkable fact that subsequently the (juve--\O3 ivas pleased to appoint an i-.secuiive Commissioner. Tins lu* dl't not only without having first -,f' ail consulted the Commission upon the kd!-j-?c£, but also without condescending to inform them directly of what he had j done. The only intimation the Com ojiesioM bad of the appointment, was ' the announcement that appeared iu the Government Gazette. Thereupon the Commission coasmnuicftled ' through their Secretary with his Excellency upon the subject, and after some delay were coolly informed that, in effect, the Executive Com missioner was charged with full anthority, that he was empowered to expend monies as he thought proper, and that he was entirely independent of the Commission. Thus suddenly deprived of ail its executive powers in such a marked disconrteous manner, the Commission (as the Chief J c^tice very pptly remarked) then became merely the shadow of a shade, ---«!,- a. voice aud nothing more. Cnt the bitter feeling his Excellency apparently entertained towards either the body he had called into existence or else only its Chairman, was not to be appeased by the insulting wi-.y in which the whole Commission ir.nl beeu treated, for they went to be humiliated still further. Although the Commission Jiad been appointed by the Goveuxou to act until the EAuiuiuuu uuseu, yec — can it ue believed ? — the Commissioners never received auy official intimation uf either tlie openiug or the closing of the Exhibition ; nor, iu fact, any communication with regard to it while it was in progress ! But even this contemptuous treatment was not considered enough; for, at tbe linn! meeting of the Commission, the Hou Secretary (the Itcv. C. G. Nicolav) intimated that he did not know what the expenses at London had beeu ; and that he Imd untiling to report, as be had uot received :mv communica tions from tlie Executive -'oiniiiJ8siou- er in London ! Rightly then, did th» Chief Jtrsuct exelaiai that Jjey wcre ' simply ghosts' ; and there upon the Commission dissolved, with out beiug ia a position to forward to tbe official author of their beiug any report upou tlie result of their .labours. Surely (his little histoiy attoras but too faithful illustration of how the public business of the Colony not only may be, but actually is, far worse than ueglectcd by the ** mild despot' wbo controls the destinies and rules over the loyal subjects of Her SlAJE?ivinthis portion of the British Empire, it is difficult for even the most iertile imagination to conceive what reasons influenced the GoVBBxoa to treat iiis Commission in such a hitherto unheard of dis courteous manner. His Excellences conduct can be explained in only one or two ways It was owing eitiier to crass carelessness oa his part iu cutirely fogettiug, first the nature ol the Commission by which he appoint ed the body, aud next, iu afterwards becoming utterly oblivious of their existence; or else iiis conduct must have been dictated by feelings of personal ii-ritatio:i, which found vent ia a puerile display of uuiuteimitted inteutional in&ult.; Either alternative proves what K»ay possibly occur iu the conduct of public business, so long as ibe {-n.-Aeat constitution esitts in Western Australia. 