The Rose and the Key. CHAPTER LSXL— TTPBEAiDiirGS. 'Hiss Vernon felt stunned. It seemed to her that she did not breathe once fronrfhe time she left the scene of the too significant buffoonery she bad just witnessed until she found herself in her own dressine-room. She awoke there. She saw ilerey Creswell standinjr with her hact against the -wall, pale as a ghost, with a dark stare, and the corners of her mouth screwed down hard aB she gazed at her. She looted guilty, and as if she expected mischief; her hands she held folded together as tightly as the joints could clasp. She was motionless as the wooden doorcase behind her, and never took her frightened eyes off her young mis tress. Miss Vex_o_. eat down, trembling, and then got up, press ing her hands to her temples, with a terrible look of helw lessness. She waited round and round the room, with long stifled -moans. ? I see it all ; I understand it now ! Help me to think. Do you know what has happened? My God! they hare inveigled me into a madhouse! What is it? Oh, you wratch — you have pot me into a madhouse!' ' It wasn't me, miss, so it wasn't; so 'elp me, miss; 'twas your mamma. I've no more to do with it, as Goi's my 'ope, than the hinfant babe unborn,' gabbled Mercy Creswell, in a shrilly whine. ? I'll not stay in this dreadful place. Til lose my life, or I'll get OUt Of it- Oil, Tnnmfnn * ?ron.TnTnn * ho*W Could yOU — could you — could you ? I shall go mad. I caa't stay here. I'll not eat or drink. I'll find a way, some way, a short way. Oh, mamma! you'll be sorry, then.' And she ran to the bedroom door. Mercy Creswell knew that it was secured, and running into her dressing-room, . she adroitly bolted the door of communication between the two apartments. Maud now found herself a prisoner in her room. She tried both doors with growing impetuosity, but they re gisted her utmost efforts. Eer own maid had locked her in, by a trick, and she was securely imprisoned in her room. This outrage fired her so as, for the moment, to displace her panic ? Open the door,' she cried, shaking the lock with all her fragile strength ; 'Mercy Creswell, open the door.* she repeated again and nprnin ; and she heard the creak of the servant's shoe, faintly, ai she stood holding her breath, close to the other side ol the door. ' Open the door ; how dare you treat me bo ? Am I to be Insulted by niy own servant ? Let me out.* _ercy heard her run to the window, and throw it up. More cadaverous than ever her face looked, as, in a mo mentary hesitation, she extended her dumpy fingers, that trembled visibly, to the bolt; but she changed her mind, and withdrawing her hand, ran instead to the trass handle that was fixed in the wall, pulled it, and a deep-toned bell sounded all down the gallery. She had remembered that the window, as it went up, drew with it a strong wire grating, which made it safe against all attempts to escape, or worse. She stood in the gallery, and almost instantly two of those firmly knit, hardy women, whom we may call house maids, emerged from a room at its farther end, which was a sort of puard-room for the detachment in charge of that wing of the house, and up they came at a jog-trot; and almost at the same instant, for the alarm sounded also in the opposite direction, the iron door across the passage opened, and a keeper, a powerful man, in a baxragan jacket, with a white scar across his brown forehead and nose, telling of old service, entered, clanging the door behind him. ' Where is the case ?* he demanded. ? This here patient,' said Mercy, entering the dressing room with her escort. 'She's bina-going of it most wiolent, and threatens to hurt herself, and is took very nigh with a parrokisin.' Beckoning them on, and waiting till they were ready to enter, she removed the bolt and unlocked the door, keex-ing herself in the rear. ? Who are you ?' asked -Is Aid, who waa standing now in the middle of the room ; ? I have been led to suppose this is my room. 'What do you all want here ?' ?It was only, miss, because I was afraid you might he unwell, miss ; and I could not undertake it without 'elp, Miss Maud,' replied _ercy Creswell The man stepped in. ' By your leave, miss,' said he.flooMng with his shrewd quick glance at her hands, and then, with another about the room; and then striding to the window, and shutting it down, he turned some little phis at the side, and said to _ercy : ' You should a' fixed the window.* 'There's the grating, though.' ? Ho matter,' he repfied, ? What do you mean by shutting my window without my leave ?' inquired. Maud, with a fiery glance. The man takes no notice of the question, but asks Mercy Creswell : ' Is there fire-irons, or anything hard and heavy, that Tray, here?' ' No, nothing,' answered she. ?But I ask you — -' repeated Maud Vernon. 1 I'll attend to you just now, miss,' said the man. 'Nor nothing sharp ?' he said, as he continued his search. Til mention your conduct. Who is in the house to ?whom I can make a. complaint?' said the yo_n g lady, who was not accustomed to he treated so by servants. She had directed her question to Mercy Creswell; hut the man answered it, scarcely looking at her as he did so. ? To the doctor, please, miss, Doctor Antomarchi,' and he continued in the same even tone: 'You should not *a left her alone ; don't yon know this 'ere number's entered questionable? Mr. Darkdale will put another with you if you want her. Look here.' And he touched his thumb to his mouth, and turned over the leaves of a little book rapidly, and showed her something inscribed upon a page. ? Well, I -would like another in calL She could sit in the nest room, d'ye see; I'm not fit alone,' said Mercy Cres well, with nervous earnestness. ? I'll not remain here, I shan't stay, FI1 go,' said Maud, going to the wardrobe and pulling the drawers open, and beginning to place her things upon the table close by. ? It won't do, miss ; you can't go out without the doctor's order, and yon must make your mind *appy ; for you can no more go out o' the door, without it was allowed, than you could walk through the wall. .But it is easy to talk to the doctor, and tell him what ye wants ; and if you per suades him, it will be all right, you know ; and anyhow it can't do no one no harm.' Maud walked about the room agitated. ? Very good,* she said at last ; « tell *'— I should like to eee him.' CHSTTEB IiJULLL— DOCTOB __Tt PATIENT. Nearly ten minutes had passed, and Maud waa sitting in her room, in profound gloom; torpid; without motion; with her eyes upon the floor. Mercy Creswell, unable to divine what her thoughts might he, was only a few steps away, standing against the wall, with her arms folded across, and her eyes turned with a nervous side-glance, without ever swerving, on the young lady. At this, the sitting-room door, cow came a knock. Doctor Antomarchi was there; Maud was on her feet in & moment. ? ph, Doctor Antomarchi I' she said, ' I will try to speak with moderation. I have been duped. I came here under the uersuasion that I was on my way to Carsbrook, Lady Maidykes's house. I find that I have been wickedly de ceived. I am a prisoner, and I can't escape. I don't know why I have been sent here. I am here, helpless, in the most awful place a mortal can be committed to, a mad house. I have not a single friend or adviser to turn to, in this great danger. I am utterly alone. I have been brought . _p in a very lonely way, in the country, and I don't know very well what I onght to do in this dreadful case. May God help mel* Her lip trembled. . 'Ton, sir, can have no wish to keep me here, if I am perfectly in my right mind; and, as God is my hope, I am not mad, nor ever was supposed to 'be. My good cousin Marimilia Medwyn, when I write to .her, will come and tell you so. And yon, I have heard, are learned and clever andcanes-fly decide whether I tell you truth; and if you find that I am what I describe, you can set meat liberty. ?What yon say-is reasonable,* replies Antomarcni, not one mnscle of whose stern face had shown a sign of life during Maud's appeal, and whose dark eye had shown neither light nor softening. ' Shall I say a word in pri vate?' he added, glancing at the servant. ' Do — pray.' He -signed to Mercy Creswell to leave the room, which she did. Be then in a low tone, with an air of very marked defer ence, said: ? Your request is grounded on a supposition, which, if sustained by proof, would place yon instantly at liberty. All yon pay is fair. As to the fact on w_ich.you rely, how \- ever, it is, I regret to say, more than disputed is the papers whichhave been placed before us; and while youremain here, 'which may be a very short time,! need scarcely say, yon S--U.be treated with the. greatest .possible consideration, and everything done to make your sojourn as little dis agreeable as possible. Would you object. Miss Verrcn,to . accompany me to the office downstairs. I wish very much ; with yourpermission, to call your attention to a circum stance/ : The lady assented. Together they entered the gallery. ' Doctor Antomarchi took a key from his pocket and opened the iron door which separated that portion of the long cor ridor, from which Miss Vernon's rooms opened, from the remainder of the gallery, passing westward. When she had placed herself in one of the great chairs in the oval room, of which -she and Doctor Antomarchi were the only tenants, be touched a bell, without speaking, and Mr. Darkdale entered. Maud -wondered what was intended. Antomarchi rose quickly, and two or three steps brought him to Darkdale 's side. That Blight dark man inclined his sax, and as Anto marchi concluded a few whispered sentences, he nodded ; and immediately withdrew. Maud heard nothing of what passed. .- . ? . . i The doctor returned and. sat down at the opposite side of tha table. , ?'?? . '. -. ?' ; . ?] ? I think it desirable to Impress upon you, Miss Vernon, two.or three facts, which, ?while here, you will find it to your advantage to bear in mind.* ?'?? ? '.'- ; An intamidatintr change had come over Doctor Anto marehi's face, and he was speaking in stern, 'measured accents. His ceremonious manner/was qnite gone, and he' ?was ±__ri_ga6 a cold, insolent colonelmight do to adefanlt _g drumm— r-boyon —epaia-ergro— n 3. ''£???''? ? j ? The inmfcteB Of that pari of the house in which apart ; mentsare assigned to yon, are generally quite competent i to __te_ b_- what I now _y. It Is my duty to treat you with what skill I possess; it is yours toBubmit; and submit you shall. I have heard of your language of your violence, of your covert menace of forcins an escape, or committing' self-destruction. Sufficient precautions are taken in this establishment to render that crime impracticable. There are people confined here whose desire to commit suicide amounts to a lust. They hope for nothing else, they dream of nothing else ; they are persistent, they are crafty, and yet all their persistence, cunning, and wickedness are daily defeated with perfect ease and certainty. Violence here, leads necessarily to repression; contumacy, in the most trifling particulars, to increased restraint ; and angry language, as tending in certain nervous states to prodnce corresponding action, necessarily to a treatment dispensed with before, that is intensely disagreeable. This, youunderstand, is not punish ment ; it is pracaution, and a process, though painful, strictly of a sanatory land. And now, you distinctly com X-rehend, that_either unmeasured language, nor violence of temper, nor threats of suicide, or of escape, ever fail to bimg down on the patient -who indulges in them co_bc qaence3 which are deplorable.' All the time he thus spoke his eyes were fixed on those of the young lady, who felt the power of that indescribable coercion. Under it thought grew vague, and the powers of wiH were lost. * You will be so good, Miss Ternon, as to accompany me a little farther,' said Antomarchi, his eye upon her, as he suddenly arose. The young lady, without answering, followed him. Through _ door at the side of this room, a short and narrow passage, tiled and lighted by a window over the door conducted them to a small but lofty room, also tiled, the arrangements of which were singular. It was lighted only from above, near the ceiling, by a long line of window scarcely a foot and a half in height. In the middle of the floor stood a small stout table, a little farther stood a strong arm-chair, made of open bands of iron, muffled on the inside with indiarubber, the frame also being of iron. The entire chair was of open work. It was mounted on casters so enormous as almost to amount to wheels; and it was furnished with many straps and buckles. A Dutch clock ticked upon the wall. In the corner of the room, beyond this, rose something that looked like a tall iron press, of some four feet square, which reached, or rather seemed to pass through, the ceil ing. There was no other furniture in the room except two small shelves, and a piece of thick rug lay on the floor. The portion of the room in which Maud stood was railed off from the rest. There was a bench there, on which he requested Miss Vernon to Bit. He then left the room ; and she heard the door lock behind her. She was now perfectly alone in this oddly adjusted room. Could its mysterious and in some respects sinister furni ture portend any coercion designed for her ? This start ling thought had just occurred to her, when another door in the room opened, and Doctor Antomarchi returned alone. The portion of the fioor railed off was raised a little; and the rails rose there fore high from the tiling on which Doctor Antomarchi now stood. Three or four steps across ths narrow floor brought him to the railing, on which he placed bis hand. His first sentence relieved hero' this alarm. * i ou a ro here, Miss Veraon, merely as a spectator, to witnes, in pait, the practice to which the re fractory are subjected. There is nothing, in sultry weather like this, more refreshing than a. s&ower-; bath. You will see what it becomes when administered in a case of morbidly ovor-escited energies. In such a case it is vital to the patient, aud to others, at what ever cost, to produce quiet and docility. The patient must, therefore, be overpowered, and the system must be brought down until decided prostration ensues. This is a powerful showerbath. It is fed from an almost inex haustible tank ' — he went over to the tall iron structure in the corner, and opened its door — 'and the fall is from a muchfrrenter height than one ever experiences in the ordinary bath. The patient upon whom you will see it exercised is a lady who has unhappily suffered, for an hour or upwards, under intense excitement, accom panied with perversity arid violence. You shall see, in her case, how we reduce that unhappy state upon sanatory principles.' Darkdale opened the room door and looked in. * The patient is coming ;' and he inquires, ' do you wish it now?1 * Yes,' says Antomarchi. Maud heard a sound of feet on stairs descending, accom panied by a muffled gabbling and screaming, and the noise of furious hysterics. {TO BE COXTrSCED.) 