DERBY DAY AT FLEitlNGTON. (By "Quiz.") The whirligig of time has brought round another Derby day for our neighbors across the border. As on many previous occasions, everything that can make a race meeting en joyable and comfortable has been done for the present meeting of the Y.U.C. A promenade along the well-grassed lawn at Flemington this afternoon would lead a Sydney citizeu to fancy he was assisting at a race meeting at Rand wick, on account of the large influx of racegoers from this side ou pleasure bent. Derby Day at Flemington, granting fine weather, is the most enjoyable race day in all the Australian colonies. The ladies tnrn out like so many butterflies ; and as they coquettishly play with their daintily- made parasols, endeavoring to dodgo the rays of Old Sol, a charming scene i9 presented to the eye. Cnp Day will be Cup Day for many years to come, but the clays of lavish expendi ture on dresses for Cup Day are past, and Derby Day ha9 taken its place. Although an enormous attendance will gather at Flemington \--some GO, 000 or thereabouts— the spacious grounds and stands will prove to be more than eqaal to the occasion. No wonder, then, that the followers of the turf never mis9 Derby Day at Flemington. The programme is so evenly adjusted that there are races for aspirants to classic honors, weight-for-agers, the han dicap weed and the selling plater. It is this that makes the day popular with the owners and trainers of racehorses. The various means of locomotion— the train, the 'bus, the waggonette, the four-horse lorry, and the coster's cart arc all brought into use ; bat on account of its being Derby Day, the crush and jam experienced on Cnp Day is pleasnrably avoided. New South Wales once more provides the favorites for the principal events of the V.R.C.; and when the ball — the Government House ball, from a racing poiut of view — is opened to day, this colony is likely to be strongly repre sented. "When Mr. George Watson takes in hand the field for the Melbourne Stakes, Crossfire and Lord William will no doubt be! entrusted with the confidence of the Sydney division ; Isonomy, the hope of South Australia j Sheet Anchor, Grace Dar ling and others to represent Victoria. The first race of the meeting, therefore, is of a Btnctly intercolonial character. In looking for the -winuer, 1 remember the constant little daughter of Goldsbrough and Powder running a mile and a quarter in a tick over 2miu. lOsec. last autumn at Randwick, and I thiuk, if she starts, that form alone is good enough to luok forward to her to draw first blood for New South Wales, with Isouomy and Sheet Anchor to follow her home. The Hoiham Handicap, which years ago nsed to be the guide for the Cup, is the next plum to be picked up ; but you. want. to be 4,ou the spot" to pick the winner. Should they saddle up, the most dan gerous . are Ringmaster, Lesbia and Rrown > and ' Rose. The Muribyrnoug Piute next attracts the atteution of the racing mau, for among the numerous highly-bred and well- trained animals undergoing inspection stands the probable winner ot Derbies, Legers and all other good things connected with the turf. That the field will be a good one there is no doubt, and as the winner of the early two-year- old races are penalised, the maidens are supposed to be on an equality with them. This colony is etrongly represented, and, judging from 'the betting market, the blue aud white jacket of the Hon. Ja9. White has frightened the usually not-to-be-put-down-at-any-price bookmakers. I think the-blue and white will go down this after noon expecting to see the Kingston representa tive, Mistletoe, prove the winner, with Miranda and Hortense to fill the places. After the usual congratulations and '1 told you so; did you back him ? "—or her, as the case may be- generally expressed by the " know- alls," the real "admirer of the thoroughbred quietly saunterB down the paddock to examine the candidates after the race. This is the time when the weak spots are to be discovered. As the Derby nag9 ure undergoing their toilettes, the amount of gape seed cast around the favorite is amioymg to the horse and his im mediate attendants. To the quiet individual who Anouu ® racehorse, the remarks passed by the collective wisdom are a source of great enjoy ment. I fancy I can hear some of the patter, "He'll walk in," " They're freezers compared to him," meaning of course Trident, the popular idol for the Derby of 188G. Having witnessed so many of these " morals " go down, should the elect of the Hon. James White's stable follow the suit of Archie, His Lordship and New- minister (the latter the greatest Derby favor ite that ever started) it will be merely the old cry over again, " Who'd a thought it ?" Not to make the backers of the favorite feel uneasy, I unhesitatingly express the opinion that Trident will win : but be will be Btretched by Maddehna and Co. Those hard- headed in dividuals styled "the ring" have, no doubt, something good going for them ; and whatever it is, will be found a troublesome customer to shake off — probably Volcano. The Spiling Stakes ought to provide a good race between The Ghost and Ellington. The Coburg Stakes depend a great deal oiqthe result of the Derby ; for if the favorite for the latter should wiu easily, the fielders will scarcely have recovered their equilibrium; aud " closed books " will be the rnle. If such is the case, some of the horses that' have a show of winning will be quietly M kept " for one of the handicaps to be rnn next week. Under the circumstances, it would be as well to leave it alone, but, if they start, Recall or Richworth will be very nearly winning. ' CANTERBURY PARK RACES. The- following weights have been declared for the meeting to be held November 16 : — the flying stakes. Six fnrlooga. st. lb. st.lb, King's Own « 8 12 Somnus Filly 0 11 Here's Luck 8 10 Sir Garnet .. 6 9 Soldier Boy ... 8 8 Alison (late Sir Speculation .. 8 2 James) .. G 6 Paladin'.. 8 2 Trevclyn Holt ..6 6 Falcon' .. 7 II Tuscarora ..6 4 Astroea .. 7 9 Yadbro .. ..0 4 Faugb-a-ballagh ..7 7 Jackson .. .. G 4 Soldier's Wind ..7 7 Friendless . .. 6 2 Leichhardt ..7 6 Littlo Dick , , 6 2 UoDer Cut ' ...7 6 Boatman.. ..6 2 XotUe .. ..7 3 The Mnle ..6 0 Lifeboat.. ' ..7 3 The Crow p.. 6 0 Sir Edward f.. 7 3 Buccaneer L.. 6 0 Howloog.. ..7 0 Unique ..CO .park stakes. Bevcn furlongs. St. lb. st. lb. Leichhardt - 8 10 Pcpita ... 6 12 Cerise and Gold ..8 6 Euiiline .. .. 6 10 Caramana ..8 0 Glencore ..6 7 Irtoh Queen -- ..7 9, De meter., ..6 4 Corobon .. 7 7 Fidelity .. ..0 2 Lady Marion ,.7& Sylvan Queen- ..CO St. Leonards ..7 0 .the canterbury park handicap.- One mile. t st. lb. -st. lb. Folly 8 10 First Demon ..7 0 Boldior Boy- —88 Tristan 69 King's Own . 8 6 Male of the Lake.. 6 9 Dogobert ..8 3 Irish Queen ..6 7 Desmond . 7 11 Basil .. ..0 7 Sorella' .. ..7 9 Fluke ..0 4 Paladin . ..7 9 MinstraK, ..6 4 Astrcca 7 6 Polly 6 2 Pirate »« ..7 5 Little Dick 6 2 Frollo: .. ..7 3 Friendless ..6 2 Soldier's Wind ..7 3 Yadbro -.. ... 6 0 Lelcehhart ..7 0 Riverstone ..0 0 SirSdwurd- 7 0 Casket ..0 0 THE LADIES" PRIZE, One mile. St. lb. 'st, lb. Wanda ». 11 Rylstone.. .. 10 0 Bonnie Beo ,. 1L 2 Boroclydon .. 9 12 Junius .. U 0 Blnalong. .. 8 10 Goldfinder ..10 11 Tarmpee ..9 7 Rifleman ... 10 8 Jolly ..9 7 Falcon .. H 10 8 Veto .. ..9 6 ' Rainbow.. 10 8 Drummer Boy, ..9 6 Resolve .. .. 10 . 6 Equity .. .. 9 3 Lifeboat.. ..10 6 Boatman,. ..9 3 fiddler's Wind .. 10 6 Purflect .. ..9 0 UDoerCut 10 4 Caramanaj 8 12 Lottie .. ..10 4 Wollar. .. .. 8 12 Froilo ' .. 10 4 Cbartreux ,. 8 10 Tristan .. .. 10 2 Unique .. .. 8 10 Sir Garnet ..10 2 Pearl .Bay ..8 7 Explorer.. .. 10 2 Jester 4 .. 8 7 