\ CHAPTER XYI true to denly enterB, his face ghastly aad horror etricken, and tosses to Ag, whose I had been almost oblmous of, a telegram *° "Misfortunes never come Binglyl" ha -r'fnftrn ^oorn "xstftfturouF"rr£^fire~o^ffl'0'i°n ' ^ny wonder that I he, your sorely-strikon sire, should shrink, for a time fromthe Bight of your Bweet iliiocent face, knowing that your birth haa cost hia darling'a life? God com fort him, and guide thee, poor babe-so un oonsoioua of thy losa I _ * For nearly twenty minutes Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, than gradually she grows calm, and turna com forter for the benefit of the rest of us ; first telling me the substantia of the telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad n*s*n£', and promising particulars by the first Taken away from<the evilto eoniB." Mia. "Sutherland's words recur -to US' both, and gratefully we thank. God that shewae spared this oruBhing blow. _ , Eyeh aa we dwell upon those, strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs. Sutherland aj^rives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. -But why dwell upon the long weary houra ot Bad waiting that follow ? or even upoa the dontentB of poor Lss's heart-broken letter ? they, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly ex posed to every eye. Enough that it is too tine,-that dreadful telegram,-that she, the Sower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's heart is truly under the sod hidden from our earthly eyes for ever. She had never recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeding at first to do well, then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almoBt, BO thin and weak, but to the laBt, sweet and unselfish, cheering him with confident assurances of their future meet fog. " Last messages she sent us all, bidding .aa epedially be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave Hew Zealand, where be had neither kith nor kin, and re turn to his old home. . _ ^ , But that neither duty nor inclination will sanction at present. The land that holds her dust, is dearer to him than even the land of parents, home, and friends, and for her little one'B Bake he must not lightly resign the post that means independence, and eat the bread of idleness; for there is no opening "for him ia8-, nor much prospeot of there being one.. Besides, in work, he can best forget hia loss, he tells ni, and work Ba does ^-80 bard that he knocks himself ub most pronouncedly, find three or four months later finds Minsalf ordered home on sick leave lor ?? three months. There I fiad him looking the ghost of tha old-tima Lax, poor fellow I when I return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, des pite tha mute entreaties of Ag^S: wistful eyes, and the chief's suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing for mo to do at home is our diminished household, as I told them, and I must have. something to fill my thoughts, and take ma out of myself. Eiluctantly, they had.conrented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own acoord. My S.unnyeids friends had met me on my return veiih a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each other -TDTtbeii iiEjn-r,<«4o me. Naoce I find quite recovered, ar>d looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to "name the day," and, rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed'it .for no leas distant adate than St. Valen tine's dayf that being also her birthday. Slewly tha weeks pass by, despite all I can do to make them fly-working. hard during school hoars, and harder still study, ing for matriculation in my ppare time, fur in Btudy now I find lor&etfulneaa; and calm. ? * ~ Twice a-week I go into' 0- for lessons and, it is on one of these occasions that, on leaving my tutor's residence and calling for letters at the post, I receive the following precious epistle.' * Fernlea, ! , ?' Tuesday evening, Mx deabMbs Duhbab, Lst my anxiety, to render you the fall ex planation that is your dna plead for my presumption in thus addressing yoa, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return this unread. Do nob think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Lat that stand is all its black,cowardly treachery, it will the sooner qnenoh the last spark of your regard, BuppoBiag that even one remains, and to forget me is the wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered yoa life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word and look. I lova you too well to wish you to .preserve even the faintest memory of me, for .remembrance mast mean aught but happiness or pleasure in: this case,? and yoq have had your share of sorrow and pain ct late-may the future recompense you amply for the past. But to come to the point. I deem it only right to tell yoa that as deeply as I loved yoa when I asked yoa to become my wife, I love yoa still, more deeply on the prinoiple that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness ; the unattainable becomes all-desirable I From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present' moment, my, passion has been a part of my life, and will be till I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my BOUI, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money iB the root of all evil,", truly, nowa days as of old, and with N. F., espeoially. Picturesque poverty I can form no concep tion of. Penury is my pat antipathy, and to be hard up with otherB depending on me the thought is enough 1 I should desert them or oommit euioide. . Am I painting myself plainly enough? It is not a sweet picture, is it ? _ No, the change is not in yon, but in my .ajtsxei the manager of Fernlea, I had a comfortabltTirome, if hot a luxurious one, to offer my wi!e,\ but as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospects, existence on a pound a week, perhaps^ to share. My marriage will be purely a bargaitr* -the rent-roll of Liiiica for. my youth and good looks, my bride elect tells me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth-I am only twenty.tfghj j0 years, but thrice that- in worldlv-^B? q , ,7,1 itie ? something has j^dSFserenity, " Nance's voice breaks sfmy Boliloquy, as I near the gate of her Mother's cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her the letter with a "21.-ad that" Puzr.ted, but obedient, she does so, and I' watch her face with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. f Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgu ft chase eSoh other across it, and confirm my own opinion. V "Well?" I say sharply, as eha silently hands it back. " Don't epsak of him, Dot, he's beneath your notice," she adviaea gently, then, enri oeity. proving stronger than her resolve, " When did he propose, dear?" ' " The day he drove me down in his dog cart." " "And you-" ' "Hiid' yes,' after a week's consideration. Bat enough of him Nance. I wish the widow .joyof her bargain." \- " You are wollrShof-him, dear ; don't regret him." /.I don't now. That letter otrced me," I jaugh, bitterly. . /"When does the;wedding take place, Nance?" . ' / "Ntxt Thursday, I. heard yesterday." I "In C-?" / " Yes, at the English church." " Thursday-that ia fete day, is it not ?" ; " Yes, or to quote the 0-News, oar ' An : nual Athletic Sports.'" " And a school holiday I Nance, I must got in for it." . . "The/«te7" " No, the weeding." - " "Dot, do you mean to make a death's head of the feast ?" " I mean to - make Norton Fowler Bee my mania is over." "As you please, ma chere. The church will be crowded, I think, for it's to be ft grand affair as dresg goes, though only intimate friend3 are invited. He wanted a private wedding, Mrs. Raynor told me, but she insisted cn asking her hundred and one particular friends, and being married in~ the church.", "Wise woman, after paying bo muoh for him, why shouldn't Bhe exhibit him?" " Gjcia! are we to be present then ?" " And fitness the sacrifice-yes." Can you calmly look on it ?". " Wait and see-I think so." '.Ba up in good time then, we mustn't be late," ahe say?, as the baggy cornea round to the gite. "All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft oui tn it, efcopping a moment to say good-bye to MM. Stair. "Ia tiaia for what, Dot?"' asks Mrs. Arerofs, as we bowl along. . " Mr. Fowler 8 wedding on Thursday." ,!0'a, yoa heard of it, then?" curi ously. " Yea, and I want you to drive me In to see it," I flay, coaxixsgly. ' " Gold won the day after all, Dot?" ahe ventures, in half tender, half- sarcastic tones, "I hope he may be aa happy as he deserves. It's a pisy, for his sa'se, you hadn't. a ' Liifica' to take him to." "And a blessing for mine," I laugh. " That sounds like sour grapes, eh ? but it's not. Like ' Lady Clare,' I want to be loved for . my own true worth.' " I'm glad to hear it,' Dot," Bhe says earnestly, " I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him bo welcome always, I bad helped him to deceive you at all." ' "Never think-that, dear Mrs. Arcroft. I was deceived in him for a time, I oandidly confess, but my eyes are open now, and I resign him to tha widow without a regret." " That's good news tome, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to Bee the knot tied, if all's well." \- She is as good as her word, and Thursday morning finds us, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded church, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up. to the church, and a .moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the dis approbation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brooade, the bodice fitting hi>r substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and self-pos9633ed, he goes through his Bhare of the solemn service with outward indiffer ence. " Till ueath do us part." As the words fall on my ears I recall his written oneB '? Tied for life to a woman I do not even professto love,"and I wonder if heremembers them too. ' !; The oeremony ever, he makes no effort to foil the "best man's" determination to obtain il:e first kisp, but coolly drawing his wift'd sr.u through his, leads her to the vestry Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly that Nardi and I are only emerging from our pew aa tha bridal party re-appear, and jny funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark le i flush that, dyes hiB face declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the "happy pair," start for Sydney, where they Bpend the honey moon. "*. ' And thus ends that ohapter of my life. 