HOME NEWS. From the Yorkshire Post November 13th AT THE GUILDHALL. The tone of the Paxm MzrsmaIB's speech at the Guildhall, on Tuesday, is eminently satisfactory. It is in the main, a congratulatory speech. Ireland, if not peaceful and flourishing, is quiet. The law is day by day asserting itself with the firmness and decision which belong to authority. Outrages are fewer than they have been for years, Rents, if not paid in full, are at all events being paid in pro portion to the ability of the tenant, and the landlords, frankly rebognising, as they have all along recognised the difficulties of their tenants, are making up things as easy for the honest farmer as it is possible to make them. Here, in Ergland, :the prospects of trade are improving every day, and if the ghost of this eternal Eastern question could for once be laid, we should probably see a sharp and general revival of commercial activity all through Europe. It is the deadlock of this Eastern question that paralyses all the capitalists of Europe, and till this deadlock is removel it is useless to look for any general improvement. If Europe had not practically ceased to exist, we should probably have seen a settle ment of the Bulgarian difficulty long ago, but aslong as Europe is paralysed by divisions and rivalries like those which exist tb-day, it is only human nature that Eussia should push her way from post to post on the road to the goal of her ambition -Constantinople. Mr. Gladstone's letter on Tuesday to the Bulgarian Deputies may do some good in telling Russia what she must lay to her account if she persists in her efforts to filch fr ,m the Bulgarians the freedom and independence which she has done her best to help them to win, and Lord Salisbury's speech in the City will deepen and strengthen that impression. He denounced the midnight conspiracy against Prince Alexander in tones of true English scorn, commended ans, as it deserved to be commended, and told the Czar and his counsellors in plain terms that the policy of England in the East is still what it has been, and that if the Powers of Europe recognise the duty of vindicating the Treaty of Berlin they will not find the English people backing out of their obligations. Over 50 per cent. of the world's tonnage sails under the British flag, while, as regards iron and steel sailing vessels, the percentage rises above 90. The United States owns about 10 per cent. of the world's tonnage, Norway about 7, Germany 6&, and France about 5. When weariness comes, take a breathing spell. Of one thing be sure--t.day's work well done will prepare you for to morrow. Pride is seldom delicate or considerate; it will please itself with very mean advan tages; and envy feels not i's own happiness but when it may be compared with the misery of others. Increase cf fortune brings inereaqe of cares. Riches and power, sq much the ajui of all men, are no more capable of giving worldly happiness than of giving health, strength, or beauty. On the contrary, they often become real misfortunes and the bitter sources of misery in various ways. It is comparatively seldom that an intimacy capable of producing perfect _ympathy is formed between persons of very different age2. Every year changes in some degree the focus with which we look upon men and upon the world, and the degree in which they influence us. A blow which nearly kills a man at twenty dnly wounds him at forty, and at sixty hardly hurts him at all. 