LOKD TENNYSON S NEW POEMS. "Tiresias, and Other Poems " is the title of the new volume by Lord Tennyson, which is dedicated " To my good friend, Robert Browning," and Mr. E. Fitzgerald. Admirers of the .Poet Laureate will give some of the poems in this collection a very high rank among his works. The title poem "Tiresias" recalls by its metre and treatment "Ulysses" and "Tithonus." The Theban seer thus describes the calamity which befell him Then, in my wanderings all the lands that lie Subjected to the Heliconian ridge Have heard this footstep fall, altho' my wont Was more to scale the highest of the heights With some strange hope to see the nearer God. ► One naked peak—the sister of the sun Would climb from out the dark, and linger there To silver all the valleys with her shafts There once, but long ago, five-fold thy term Of years, I lay; the winds were dead for heat; The noonday crag made the hand burn ; and sick For shadow—not one bush was near—I rose Following a torrent till its myriad falls Found silence in the hollows underneath. There in a secret olive-glade I saw Pallas Athene climbing from the bath In anger; yet one glittering foot disturb'd The lucid well; one snowy knee was prest Against the margin flowers; a dreadful light Came from her golden hair, her golden helm And all her golden armor on the grass And from her virgin breast, and virgin eyes Remaining fixt on mine, till mine grew dark For ever, and I heard a voice that said " Henceforth be blind, for thou hast seen too much, And speak the truth that no man may believe." Son, in the hidden world of sight, that lives Behind this darkness, I behold her still, Beyond all work of those who carve the stone, Beyond all dreams of Godlike womanhood. In "The Wreck" a very different note is struck:— He that they gave me to, mother, a heedle33 and innocent bride— I never have wrong'd his heart, I have only wounded his pride— Spain in his blood and the Jew—dark-visaged, stately, and tall— A princelier-looking man never stept thro' a prince's hall. And who, when his anger was kindled, would venture to give him the nay ? And a man men fear is a man to be loved by the women they say. And I could have loved him too, if the blossom can doat on the blight, Or the young green leaf rejoice in the frost that sears it at night; He would open the books that I prized, and toss them away with a yawn, Repell'd by the magnet of art to the which my nature was drawn, The word of the poet by whom the deeps of the world are stirr'd, The music that robes it in language beneath and beyond the word ! My Shelley would fall from my hands when he cast a contemptuous glance From where he was poring over his tables of trade and finance; My hands, when I heard him coming, would drop from the chords or the keys, But ever I fail'd to please him, however I strove to please— All day long far-off in the cloud of the city, and there Lost, head and heart, in the chances of dividend, consol, and share— And at home if I sought for a kindly caress, being woman and weak, His formal kiss fell chill as a flake of snow on the cheek: And so, when I bore him a girl, when I held it aloft in my joy, He looked at it coldly, and said to me, " Pity it isn't a boy." The one thing given me, to love and to live for, glanced at in scorn ! The child that I felt I could die for—as if she were basely born! I had lived a wild-flower life, I was planted now in a tomb; The daisy will shut to the shadow, I closed my heart to the gloom; . I threw myself all abroad—I would play my part with the young By the low footlights of the world—and I caught the wreath that was flung. "The Ancient Sage" will be welcome for the lyrics it contains:— How far thro'all the bloom and brake That Dightingale is heard! What power but the bird's could make This music in the bird ? How summer-bright are yonder skies, And earth as fair in hue ! And yet what sign of aught that lies Behind the green and blue ? But man to-day is fancy's fool As man hath ever been. The nameless Power, or Powers, that rule Were never heard or seen. Eut vain the tears for darken'd years As laughter over wine, And vain the laughter as the tears, 0 brother, mine or thine, For all that laugh, and all that weep, And all that breathe are one Slight ripple on the boundless deep That moves, and all is gone. Every one will be glad to see Lord Tenny son going back to the famous "Northern Farmer "style and dialect. There is a plcoo in the present volume which is likely to be as popular as almost anything that its author has written. It is called " The Spinster's Sweet Arts," and it is the soliloquy of an old maid to her cats, whom she calls "arter the fellers es once waB sweet upo1 me." Here is a specimen of the poem:— Rob, coom oop 'ere o' my knee. Thou see3 that i spite o' the men I a'kep' thruf thick an' thin my two 'oonderd a-yeaF to mysen ; "Vis ! thaw tha call'd me es pretty ; es ony lass i' the shere, An' thou be es pretty a Tabby, but Robby I seed thruf j a theere. Feyther 'ud saiiy I wur ugly as sin, an' I beaut not vaiiin, But I Diver wur downright hugly, thaw aoom 'ud 'a thowtma plaiiin, An' I wasn't sa plaiiin i' pink ribbons, ye said I wur pretty i' pinks. An' I liked to 'ear it I did, but I beiint sich a fool as ye thinks; Ye was stroiikin ma down wi' the 'air, as I be a stroiikin o' you, But wbiniver I look'd i' the glass I wur sewer that it couldn't be true; Niver wur pretty, not I, but ye knaw'd it war pleasant to 'ear, Thaw it warn't not me as war pretty, but my too 'oonderd a-year. D'y a mind themurnin when wewasa-walkin'togither, an' stood By the claay'd-oop pond, that the foiilk bs sa scared at, i' Gigglesby wood, Wheer the poor wench drowndid hersen, black Sal, es 'ed been disgraced ? An' I feel'd thy arm es I stood wur a-creeiipin about my waiiist; An' me es wur alius afear'd of a man's gittin' ower fond, 1 sidled awaiiy an' awaiiy till I plumpt foot fust i' the pond; And, Robby, I nivir 'a liked tha sa well as I.did that daiiy, Fur tha joompt in thysen, an' tha hoick 5 my feet wi' a flop fro' the claiiy. Ay, stick oop thy hack, an' set oop thy taiiil, tha may *mav gie me a kiss, Fur I walk'd wi' tha all the way hoam an' wur niver sa nigh saiiyin Yis. " The Flight"' is another poem that will be instantly popular. It is sufficient to quote a few of its exquisite stanzas :— Are you sleeping 5 have you forgotten ? do not sleep, my sister dear! How can you sleep? the morning brings the day I hate and fear; The ccck has crow'd already once, he crows before his time; Awake! the creeping glimmer steals, the hills are white with rime. Ah, clasp me in your arms, sister, ah, fold me to your Ah, let me weep my fill once more, and cry myself to rest! To rest ? to rest and wake no more were better rest for me, Than to waken every morning to that face I loathe to 6ee. I envied your sweet slumber, all night so calm you lay, The night was calm, the morn i3 calm, and like another day ; But X could wish yon moaning sea would rise and burst the shore, And such a whirlwind blow these woods as never blew before. For, one by one, the stars went down across the gleaming pane, And project after project rose, and all of them were vain; The blackthorn-blossom fades and falls and leaves the hitter sloe, The hope I catch at vanishes and youth is turn d to woe. Come, speak a little comfort! all night I pray'd with tears, And yet no comfort came to me, and now the morn appears, When he will tear me from your side, who bought me for his slave: This father pays his debt with me and weds me to.my grave. * * » * * * Shall I take Mm ? I kneel with Mm ? I swear and swear forsworn To love him most whom most I loathe, to honor whom I scorn ? The Fiend would yell, the grave would yawn, my mother's ghost would rise To lie, to lie—in God's own house—the blackest of all lies! It is interesting to find that at this time of day Lord Tennyson has another " Idyll of the KiDg" to give the world. It is_ called " Balin and Balan," and is an introduction to " Merlin and Vivien." There is also a sequel to the famous "Charge of the Light Brigade." It is " The Charge of the Heavy Brigade at Bala klava," and it contains such lines as the follow ing :— The charge of the gallant three hundred, the Heavy Brigade! Dowd the hill, down the hill, thousands of Russians; Thousands of horsemen, drew to the valley—and For Scarlett and Scarlett's three hundred were riding by When the points of the Russian lances arose in the And'he call'd "Left wheel into line !" and they wheel'd and obey'd. Some of the poems in the volume are already familiar to the public, like "Despair" and the epitaph on Gordon. Most are new, and (in tne opinion of the St. James's Gazette) will be read with an interest such as few modern volumes of modern poetry arouse. 