TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmokeus. What with coursing and racing, last week proved brimful of sport. Saturday's operations at Fiomington alTorded convincing proof, were proof noeded, of tho gigantic strides mado by thd annual steeplechase reunion, and satisfactory as havo been all preceding Grand National anni versaries, they palo boforo this year's fixture, which proved an unqualified success in every particular. Affairs passed oil' with unprecedented ix hit. The lovely weather which prevailed, and tho attractive character of the programme, drew together by far tho largest gathering, ever known to assemble at head quarters in the winter soason, aud amongst thoso present were a number of prominent sporting identities from tho adjoining colonies, all of whom expressed their appreciation of tho stylo in which matters aro conducted at Flemingtou. On all bauds, especially by those who wero fortunato enough to havo tho host of the deal with tho ring, tho meoting was votod tho most enjoyablo experienced for some time past, and proved an appropriate jinah to tho Waterloo wock, one of tho most active periods of tho entire sporting season. Tho numerous familiar faces ono mot with from New South Wales, South Australia aud Tasmania told of tho widespread popularity of tho great coursing and steoplcchasing combination, and of tho intercolonial interest at stake. Tho in vasion all round proved of a menacing charac ter. On tho Waterloo battlo Gold tho New South Welshmen died horoically in tho final duel for tho ennino championship of tho Australian colonies, and the fact of the Water loo Purso finding its way across tho Murray shows that tho Welshmen did not go away empty handed. Mackay mado an equally praiseworthy effort 011 their bohalf at Fioming ton ; aud although Ruby and Duko of Athol showed a bold front on bohalf of South Australia and Tasmania they also had to put up with second honors. The Bowling Forest party inaugurated proceedings auspiciously by annoxing tho Maiden Hurdlo Race with Sir Launcelot, who has matured into a perfect fencer and achieved a victory over Mackav, who proved himself loss efficient in tho jumping business, alboit with increased experience there is ovory probability of him blossoming into an accomplished performer at tho illegitimate gamo. Ilis fino turn of speed was very notice able in the run homo, but ho had previously clouted tho hurdles heavily, aud ho mado a most praiseworthy finishing stvugglo, con sidering tho disadvantages uu-ior which ha had labored earlier in tho contest. He appeared so hopelossty out of the hunt half a mile from homo that it was somowhat surprising to sec him finish so oloso to Sir Launcelot, who is evidontiy a coming horss over tho small stloks. They wero an indifferent lot behind the leading pair, though it i3 quito possible that Argan- thono will soma day develop sufficient form to win a fair rnoo for her popular owner. Hobart ran no better than 1 predicted, nnd Joey found himsolf outclassed in such company. Tho vetoran Robert Sovior sorvod up an oven tuonoy chanco in Wickliffe for tho Maiden Steeplechase, aud tho easo with which he settled his opponents showed tho con fidence reposed in him to bo thoroughly deserved. Backers fared famously up to this poiut, nnd readily following tho Dowiing Forest lead in favor of Shoot Anchor, they put down tho money to sonto tunc on tho Melbourne Cup winner, who was pronouncod an absoluto moral, and ono of the best things over hatched under tho auspicos of tho Loughlin-cuRi-Corrigan- ciuii-Wilsou confederacy. Tho soquol proved othorwiso, however, and tho Juuco was only a repetition of last year's ex perience ovor the vary 6amo race and with tho satno horso. Great was tho fall of tho Sheet Anchorites, who received n tremendous facer, nnd thus returned to tho ring tho lion's nharo of tho spoil won ovor tho prccoding victories of Sir Launcelot and Wick liffe. Tho favorito hold such a splondid position in tho raco that his supporters never dreamt of dofeat, until Corrigan was perceived to move on him half a mile from home. It then appoarod plain that ho was unable to decrease tho gap bo- tiveou himself and the loaders, and although ho mado a spasmodic effort iu tho straight honovor again flattered his admirers, and ho could finish no nearer than third, badly beaton and badly punished. His bleeding ribs boro testimony to tho aovority of tho spur pressuro undor which tho favorito laborod during tho latter part of tho raco. It aftorwards tran spired that Corrlgan had anything but a plea sant passage, and Uo was tho victim ot re- poatod intorforonco all through tho run. Sheot Anchor, furthor, had tho mlsfortuno to hit a oouplo of hurdles rather boovlly, aud what with tho severity of tho paco, tho bumping, block ing and rapping, tbo favorito found him solf. fairly sottled whoa finally called upon,. No horso ever clruggled homo more gamely, and his defeat under tho circumstances was anything but dishonorable. Two stono and a half was too much of a handicap to concedo to a seasoned performer like Ocean, on whom Ferguson followed up his last year's victory with The Agent. Tho winner claimed a nume rous following of Western district sportsmon, and tho odds of 20 to 1 enabled them to throw in for a good stako on easy conditions. It was a meritorious porformanco on the part of Ruby to finish in advanco of Sheet Anchor, at a diffcronco of 12 lb., nnd I was not far out when I expressed tho opinion that tho raco would result in a duel botweon tbo South Aus tralian mare and Corrigan's mount. There was some excuse for reckoning without a candidato who was an utter stranger to metropolitan courses. Wild Bog failed to survive tho sovoro pace he sot his field, and Hilltop cracked up so badly at tho abattoirs that King gavo up pur suit. Duration's weight kept him from appear ing really dangerous at any part of tho contest, and Ditto's behavior was a disappointment lo thoso who looked forward to a display of form commensurate with his creditablo running in tho last Australian Cup. Distiller, Koolyle and Tantaliser were outolasscd, but Grattan stayed the dis tance much better than anticipated after his Cauifiold failure, and at ono part of the borne stretch ho momentarily deluded his friends into the belief that Batty would be ablo to land him a winner. Had Sheet Anchor proved victorious Game would havo started an equally worm favorite for the Grand National Steoplechase ; hut tho downfall of tho Melbourne Cup win ner . was tho means of shaking the ardor of tho Dowiing Forest supporters, and tho public being similarly fearful of a anotbor knock down blow at tlie hands of tho metallicinns, tho second good thing entrusted to Corrigan, although bearing tho usual oighteen carat stamp, \va3 not fastened on to with tho samo rctontiveness as was tho caso with Sheet Anchor. As a consequence the second moral was floated on more remunerative tonus than tho first, aud better slill for thoso who 6harod tho losses of tho Hurdlo Raco fatality Game proved a safer investment than did his stable companion, No Grand National celebrity over achieved an easier victory, and the perfect manner in which ho negotiated his fences told of hi3 thorough apprenticeship at tho business. So completely did Corrigan have his opponents at his mercy that ho gavo vont to a genuine Hibernian yell on getting safely over tho last fence, and ho then fairly smothered Native, Lady Ashton and Reticent for paco. Ganio has developed into the beau ideal of a steeplechaser sinco his last public appearance iu the role oi a flat racer, and as ho possesses exceptional paco and weight carrying power, I havo every confidence in his ability to ultimately emulate tho deeds of tho very host performers that havo gaiyed fame over tho Flemingtou coarse. His condition rc- flectod creditably on the veteran Tommy Wil son, aud nothing could havo been more artistio than tho style in which tho winner was steered by Corrigan, whoso return to win ning form will bo bailed' with delight by tho numerous admirers of the popular cross country horseman, Nativo ran much hotter than vva9 generally anticipated, whilo Lady Ashton and Reticent did not disgrace themselves. Staying is evidently not a strong poiut iu the last named, who ran prominently up to tho last fence. As predicted in theso columns, Studlcy again found the Fiomington fences too for midable for him, and ho was early in trouble. After Problem's easy victory iu tho Soiling Hurdle Race, Gardenia and Duke oi Athol brought affairs to a close with an interesting duel in tho Flat Race, tho Dandcuong marc, thanks to a superb display oi horsoinanship on tho part of Xf. O'Brion, dofeating thoTasmauiau representative by tho shortest of heads. Tho Caulfleld peoplo made a strong demonstration m favor of tho Ghost, who got badly away, though ho nevdrtholos3 mado a gallant effort to overhaul tho loaders in the straight. Thus tcr- miuatod ono of tho most successful and enjoy ablo Grand National reunions at which it has been my lot to assist. There nro hut few more pleasurable spots where turfites delight to cast their lines than on tho seasido. resort nt Willinmstown. The rendezvous nath charms unknown to other sub urban courses, and as the oxocutivo havo re peatedly furnished proof of their desire to keep paco with tho times, thoir efforts are likely to meet with further appreciation at tho hands of tho sport supporting public this afternoon. Tho liberal spirit manifested iu tho composition of tho programme has met with duo recognition from owners of horses, and tho woli filled ap pearance of tho sovoral events contained therein fairly justifios tho anticipation of satis factory fields and entertaining sport. Thoro is a rare combination ot tslont engaged in the Hurdlo Race, for which Royal Maid is placed at tho head of affairs with 12 st- 2 lb. Tho chest nut maro is so undeniably good over tbo dis tance, ono milo and a half, that wero she her self I would bo iuclinod to regard heras a highly probahlo winner, notwithstanding hor weight, liuby, 11 st. 11 lb., bns 13 lb, more thau aho carried into second placo last Saturday, and encounters Ocean on 12 lb. hotter terms. 1 scarcely ostimato Ocean's victory at this value, and should tho pair again meet to-day tho South Australian maro will havo my vote, lvoolyto can boast of no favoritism at 11 St., aud I consider his claims inferior to thoso of tho three mare3 already mentioned. Tantaliser, 10 6t. 13 lb. , does not road like an improbable winner, and tho pick of Iho remaining candi dates I tako to bo Mirth, 10 Bt. 10 lb., Gcuoral Jackson, 10 at. 8 lb. and Walhalla, 10 st. 5 lb. Amateur, 9 st. 7 lb., impressos mo as being tho most dangerous of tho light weighted contiu- gont. To hazard a solcction I shall narno thorn, General Jackson, Royal Maid, Mirth. Tho Now South Wales representative, Mackay, is such a brilliant sprinter that his presence in cither tho Railway or Epsom Handicaps would considerably ouhanco proceedings, but as lie was 8ubjootod to a sovoro ordeal in tbo Maidon Hurdlo Raco lost Saturday, it Is doubtful whother liq we\ild bo ablo to render a display of bis best form. A high estimate has boon formed of Medea's powers by placing iior within 12 lb. of Mackay ; and by being placed at 8 st 8 lb. Duke of Athol has been mado to pay dearly for bis exposure of form last Saturday. Edith, 7 st. 131b., belongs to tho improving division, as also does Honors, who is in recoipt of 41b. from tho first named. Breeze, 7 st. 13 lb., would prove a formidable foo wore he to bo placed iu full commission, and Gold Top at 3 lb. less, is another who could feel at homo over tho distance. Ocista, 7 St. 5 lb., behaved so badly at Mooncc Valloy that I havo lost faith in hor for the present, aud I would sooner abide by Essie, who Is beautifully positioned at 7 et. 4 lb., and 1 would plump for her wore tho journey 4 furlongs instead of 5. In all hor races she has evinced a disposition to dio away after traversing half a mile. Kichwortb, 6 st. 9 lb., may be better ablo to negotiato tbo distance. To enme to tho poiut 1 shall seloct Edith, Honora and Essio as tho most likely candi dates to appropriate tho lion's share of the placo honors. The field for the Steeple chase promises to be more select than numerous, hut with performers lileo The Irish man, Midnight, Havolock, ltouletto, Signal, Fickle. &c.; , ot tho post an interesting contest would be vouchsafed. Although Tho Irishman camo to grief on the occasion of his last essay over tho Willinmstown country I entertain a firm opinion of his superiority ovor thoso op posed to bim in the list, and should he bo de puted to face tbo flag I would award him tho preference over Hnvelock and Roulette, whom I regard as his most dangerous rivals. The Craigieburn stable possesses a worthy second string in tho recently purchased Signal, who may possibly bo put forward instead of the grey, in which case I would also transfer my affections. Mabel Gray, Snip and Ouba may fill tho places in the Selling Race ; and Sunny Days and Edith aspire to the place of honor in tho Epsom Handicap. On Tuesday next will be held a special meet ing of membera of the Victoria Racing Club, wbcu tho proposed additions and alterations in tho rules oi racing will bo submitted for dis cussion. Not tho least important part of the business will bo tho consideration of Mr. Goorgo Davis's motion, viz., "That the 33rd rule of racing bo repealed, and that tho follow ing rule be subsiituted therefor : — That- tho minimum weight to bo carried by any horso in any handicap flat raco bo 6 st. 7 lb." The question is one on which opinions are toler ably well divided, aud it may bo taken for granted that a lot will bo said pro. nnd con. Tho arguments that will bo adduced havo already been worn threadbare, both in and out of tho press, and I don't expect any Iresh fea tures to be throwa into the dobnto. Tho pre vention of racecourse accidents, tho re tention of tho heavier class of horsemen aud tho encouragement of tho higher type of weight carrying thoroughbred aro strong points in favor of a return to tho 0 st. 7 lb. minimum ; and in the interest of true sport, as opposed to tho promotion of gambling considerations, un doubtedly accelerated by the existence of tho lower scale, it is to bo hoped that tho en thusiastic Gippslaadoc will carry the day. The matter has been given such publicity that a full meeting of members may bo reckoned upon to thoroughly discuss so important a matter in its various bearings. While dealing with matters appertaining to the leading club I may remark that tho general meeting will bo held, at Menzios' Hotel, on Mon day, the 2nd August, at throe p.m., to receive tho balance sheet for tho past year, and elect six members of committee. Tho following re tire, but are eligible for ro-electiou : — Wm. Leonard, M. O'Shanassy, Robt. Power. A. W. Robertson, Harris Smith, J. Whittingham and D. S. Wallace. n Tho Grand National meeting held on SaJuiJ- day at Flemington had associated with iksome romarkablo features and one or two .striking coincidences. Prominent amongst tnom was the red hot favoritism of Sheet Ancqor for tho Grand National Hurdlo Race and his failure to show jumping ability, iu both respects the ex perience of last year being repeated. Whether tho son of St. Albans will continue the simi larity with his performances of last season by winning tho Melbourne Cup after his jumping failure remains to bo seen. By his viotory on Game, Corrigan bents KildufTs Grand National Steoplochaso record, each having won tho big event twico previous to last Saturday ; but Ferguson by his successive wins on Tho Agent and Ocean has the only donbio winning record for tho Grand National Hurdlo Race, nnd it is romarkablo that ho and Corrigan should have carried off the double event between them two soasens running. Corrigan's recent succosscs across country have been fow aud far between compared to his record a fow years back, when ho and tho; mighty Louo Hand carried all before them, but tho natty Bailarat horsoman has lost none of tho coolness necessary for great occasions, and 011 Saturday, after occupy ing a good position all through, ho won his third Grand National vary easily at tho finish. Tho veteran, T. Wilson, howover, deserves equal credit, Game's condition being so perfect that after woighing in I10 walked back to the paddock almost as dry as ho had left it. Cor rigan's rido must havo been a much more com- fortablo ono than last year when nobody was mora surprised than tho rider of Wymlot at tho ultimate success of that acrobatic customer after rapping fence after fouco daring tho journey. Throughout tho records of past Grand National meetings tho names of Cor rigan, Kilduff, Ferguson and Batty occupy pro minent positions, but although Corrigan and Batty havo each at different tiuios won tho Grand National Hurdlo Raco nnd Steoplechase, nolthor has succeeded in doing so in tho ono season, tho nearest approach to winning the double being mado by Ferguson at tho lato meeting, riding first on Oceau and second on Native. It may also bo added that in both races tbo timo on Saturday was mauy seconds faster than in any previous year, and an espe cially gratifying fact is that tor the first timo sinco its inauguration the Grand National meeting has returned tho club a profit. Season after season tho mooting has resultod in los3, but lant j-ear the V.R.C. in a spirit of cLaiv.c- toriatio liberality. Instead of attempting to make up for this by cutting down expenses, in creased tho monoy added to the previously un profitable filters with tho woD. deserved result abovemontioaet To those who may feel disposed to undertake a provincial trip next week, Sale offers facilities of an accoptabio nature, and on Thursday a fair sprinkling of metropolitans will doubtless con gregate on what bearo tbo reputation of being ono of the best appointed racecourses out _ side Melbourne. Respecting the probable des tination of tho three principal events to be decided, tho Hurdlo Raco may go to Chatsworth or Fitzroy, tho Winter Handicap to Gardenia or Mossifnco and tho Steoplechase to Black thorn or War Danco, whichever is deputed to carry Mr. Power's colore. Satisfactory entries were received on Monday for tho Goelong Racing Club's Winter meeting, to bo held on tho 7th August. Amongst the 19 entered for the Hurdle Raco aro a number of cracks, including Duration, Ruby, Mirth,' Koolyte, Royal Maid and other good performers ; the names of Edith, Straight shot, Violet, Cuba, Tho Deer, Lando and Stafford amongst 23 in tho Railway Stakes suggest a smart spin ovor 6 furlongs, and the First Two Year Oida Stakes has attracted 22. I am rather surprises' to see only 10 nominated for tho Steeplechase,- but with Havelock, Rouletto, Reticent, Native and Spangle amongst them, the orosscountry event will not lack interest. The Winter Handicap of a milo and a half, will certainly ba the race of the meeting, its 30 nominations in-; eluding such celebrities as Grace Darling,' Sardius, Duration, Allendar, Impulse, Acolyte, Boolka, Lesbia and others. Tho Selling Race, and District Trot complete a programme of seven events, which would have been improved by tho elimination of the trot, which never excites the slightest interest but drags the card out to a weary length. Visitors to Flemington on Saturday were induced at a first glance to suppose that Mr. Byron Mooro wa3 adding two huge aviaries to the other attractions of warm fires, hairpin3, rougo and powder provided by tho gallant V.R.C. secretary for tho pleasure and comfort of his fair visitors. Close inspection of the skeleton wooden frames in course of erection at Iho rear of tho stand, nnd subsequent inquiry disclosed the fact that the erections wero intended to be used as "grand" stands for tho hiilites. Without being a prac tical builder, I bavo no hesitation in saying that, after a first look at the bill stands in their early stage, I rejoice that on race days busi ness calls me to tho paddock, as I have uo de sire to mako ono to lest tho amount oi comiort to be obtained in theso flimsy looking edifices. If tho Railway department were, 011 Mel bourne Cup day, to mako such a buag'10 as they did on Saturday, it would causo a uni versal howl of indignation, and oven 113 it is T. should excuse any one who stood waiting on the racecourse platform for nearly an hour on Saturday, for patronising the read when next they visit Flemingtou. The energetic aud ubiquitous Inspector Bell paced to and fro on his lofty perch in anxious expectation, looking iu vain for the appearance of trains wherewith to despatch tho impatient crowd, but before many of U3 reached Speaccr-street an hour aui a half had elapsed from tho tinjo Gardenia " did " Iho Duke oi Athol on the post. Tho Wyndain entries closed .on Monday, all tho principal events oxcepb the Steeplechase filling well. Tho Hurdlo Race especially pre sents a good appearance, tho entry numbering 21, which is ono in excess of tho Wyndham Handicap, notwithstanding tho latter having 100 so vs. added, and a cup of similar value presented by Mr. U. D. Strakor, whilst tho Hurdlo Raco is only worth 40 sovs. The Steeplechase has 10, Selling Handica'p 13 and tho Werribeo Park Handicap, of 100 sovs., 23. With fine weather a capital afternoon's sport should bo experienced next Saturday on the Wyndham course. Tho handicaps appear else where. The popularity of the Rosehill(N.S.W.) course with ownera as well as the public was further ovidenced on Monday, when, in connection with tho meeting to bo held on the 2nd August, largo entries were received for tho Railway Stakes, the August Handicap and Tho " Debut," the last named being tho first 2-year-old contest of tbo coming season. An Amateur Turf Club lias been formed at Wngga Waggn, and a programme has already been issued for a meeting to ba held on tho 18tl August. Of course, a Bracelet raco is to he in cluded ia tho list of events, but tho most coveted prizo will probably be the Ladies' Bag, - contributed by ladies of the district. I havo received Centaur's Index for 18S6 which as usual contains a complete list of horses engaged in the Ilnwkesbury Handicap, Metro politan StnkC3, Caulfleld Cup and Melbourne Cup with thoir nges, pedigrees, weights, and past performances. At this season of tho year all racing men will find tho hook useful. Tho withdrawal oiTetford from the Melbourne Cup look placo in Now Zealand on tho 8th iuat., but was not notified to the V.R.C. office until last Tuesday. Mr. Bond has completed tho compilation of tho Victoria Amatour Turf Club programme for 1886 in book form. In addition to a ooiu- ptoto list of nominations for coming events, the littlo volumo contains a comparative statement of the Caulfichland Melbourne Cup weights, e list of past wiunors and tho amounts. to ho trans mitted with entries for tho Spring aud Summer meetings of tho present season. The annual meeting of Bowes's Tattersallff wilt be hold at tho rooms at Frovfit's Hotel or Friday, the 30th Inst., at ono o'clock. Mr. Blacklor received n telegram on ths Flemingtou racecourse on Saturday, informing him of the death of Sandal, from IntornaT inflammation. At the timo of hor death/ which took placo in Adelaide, Sandal way p years old, and during the past season her per-' formauces had been so meritorious that sll was universally bracketed with Graco Darliiii and Cerise aud Bluo as holding claims to tb& feminine equine championship of Australio, Ever since the commencement of her two-year- bid career Sandal has been a good performer, her principal Victorian victory being in the tJaulfield Guineas of 1884, when she beat the pinch fancied Rufus, Helenc, Tremando, David, Gratitude and others. During the season now closing she added amongst other races the Albury Cup to her winning record, but it was at the A. J. 0. Autumn meeting at Sandwich that the South Australian mare accomplished her greatest triumph, de feating in the Cumberland Stakes of two miles such a select quintette as Match lock, Kelson, Sheet Anchor, M&lua; and Duulop. Sandal, by "Winterlake — Instep, was bred by Mr. Black! er, of South Australia, who imported both her sire and dam, the latter being a grand daughter of StockwelL By her death the Aus tralian turf has lost a mare that after her re tirement from the course, would, doubtless, have made her mark at the stud as her cele brated dam has already done through Sandal, Lord 'Wilton and others. This (Saturday) morning intelligence will probably bo received in Melboumo by cable respecting the running for the most valuable stake that has ever been competed for on the tun, the Eclipse Stakes of 10,000 sovs. with SCO in addition for the second horse. The race was to take place at Sundown Park on Jfriday, the 23rd inst. , distance about one mile and a quarter, the weights being for 3-vear- olds, 8 st. 5 for 4 years, 8 st. 12 lb., and for- 5 yeas and upwards, 0 St., with certain penalties. Entries for this . event closed in 1884 with 263 subscribers, who paid an original nomination fee of 10 guineas each ; additional conditions were thnt horses, left in after tho first week in October 1C84 should pay a further subscription of 20 sovs. each, after January 1885 an additional 30 sovs., and after January 1886 50 sovs. more, so that the subscription of the last-named division will amount to 110 sovs. each. Mr. J. Hammond's celebrated horse, St Gntien, was a strong winter favorite, but having recently been beaten in a trial with Melton he was knocked bstck and tho Middle Park Plate winner of last season, Minting, was first favorite at 2 to 1 when the fast mail left England. This colt is supposed in tbo old country to be about capable of separat ing Ormonde and The Bard on even terms, which of course makes him the second-best 3-year-okl in the kingdom. Ormonde's excep tional form induced Mr. Vyner to with draw Minting from the Epsom Derby rather than measure strides with the Duke of Westminster's crack, but Minting has since won the Grand Prix do Paris beating the Oaks winner, ML-s Juinmy and others. On the strength of this evidence of retention of form, and as Ormondo is not engaged in the Eclipse Stakes, Minting's chance is naturally viewed with great favor by his sanguine supporters who have accepted 2 to 1, but as his Chantilly victor entails a 10 lb. penalty it will not surpriso we to hear to-day that he has fought out an unsuccessful battle for first place with Mr. Barclay's 6-year-old Bendigo by Beu Battle — Ha3ty Girl. Mr. P. ' Woodhouse, the veteran animal painter, has just completed an excellent portrait of William Tell, tho Newmarket Handi cap winner. Some time ago I notified that Mr. John Field, the Tasmanian breeder, had signified his inten tion of sending a few of his best mares to St. Albans. The mares in question have now arrived, aud taken up their abode at Mr. J. Crozier's stud bearing the name of the famous sire. Their names are Edella (dam of Malua and Stockwell), Queen Mary (dam of 5beet Anchor aud Mozart), Medea (dam of Bliuk Bonny), Zillah (dam of Tasman and Prodigal), Pussy (dam of Captain Webster and Duke of Atliol) aud Aurora (dam of Kitawa). As the majority .of the forenamed well pedigreed marcs have nicked so successfully with St. Albans it is not surprising to know that the elite of the Calstock matrons are to again visit tho illustrious son of Blair AtboL Tho eleventh half yearly general meeting of the shareholders in tho Victorian Trotting Club was held in the company's ofiice, Bourke- Btreet west, on Wednesday. There was a small attendance. Mr. H. Chapman occupied the chair. In moving tho adoption of tho balance Sheet he said that they must all fuel gratified at the satisfactory state of their finances. The balance sheet showed a surplus of receipts over expenditure of £715 2s. 7d., which included £528 received on account of future events. Tho report was adopted unanimously. Mr. William Armstrong was appointed auditor. Tho run on Silvermine for tho Caulfield Cup has proved the only notable betting transaction of tho week, tho Tasmanian representative having been supported to win about £10,000, at 100 to 4 and 5. I am given to understand that tho commission is a land Ji-lc one. Tho death is announced of Mr. M. L. Pender, formerly a prominent amateur liorsomau, well known as a plucky and daring rider over a country. The English racecourses appear to bo infested by fomu tciriblo ruffians, but tlio heath at -Ascot, cf nil places, is tho last spot one wou'il espcct to hear of a person assaulter, and robbed in open daylight. "Augu-," tho well kuown contributor fo tho >\ oritug l-tje, thus records tho the occurrence referred to : — ' A matter that I fee) called upon to allude to from a sense of public duty is the dastardly attack made on Mr. George Everett, as ho was leaving the courfo about half an hour after tho last race. The subject is one upon which I could enlarge, but I simply confino myself to mention tho facta which are now well known to the police, with, I suppose, the usual result Tho pre vention of a rendition of such an outrago, or anything approaching it, will, I trust, bo the study of our 1 guardians ' for the future. Tho highwaymen days are mild compared with what took place in open daylight ou Ascot Heath, when a peaceable man and unablo to defend himself, owing to illness, was ' set upon ' by an organised gang of thiovos, and robbed of everything he possessed. The value, however, of what was taken from Mr. Everett was as nothing compared to the brutal treat- ment be was subjected to and its consequences. Bis cries for help were of no avail. Be was at tho mercy of a gang of thieves. For God's sake, Sir Charles Warren prevent such scandals as this, and leave the dogmnzzliug and scent- squirting nonsense to children in the street. Bere are men robbed as in tbo Dick Turpin days in open daylight, and with no policemen to protect them. Shame Melbournites can thank their stars that nothing of the sort is known at cither Fiemington or Cauliiehl. 