TOWN AND OOUNTRV TALES A MOMENT OF PASSION. I Could never quiD understand Mrs Levavon, although I bad dnown ber intimataly for some thing like twelve or fourteen years, and had been thrown in her company under trying cir cumstance ; hut although wa had been to- gtiDertarouga aiorm ana tempesx, oases ana on land, she had never allowed me to penetrate beneath tho thick rail she spread over ber peat : and, singularly enough, in thD little world cf oars, I had never come across any one who had koown her, or, what was more to tho point, who had known her husband. During all our adventures hi name had never been spoken. I knew enough from her own lips to be aware that she wm a wealthy beircti : indeed, ber manner of living prove \ tbet money was plentiful enough, and when I first made her acquaintance, in a liny BwDs Inn. where she had qed obs of bar worst attacks of her terrible com- pleDte, without so much as s maid with her, the bad muttered that she wm all alone in tbe world, but that I should not be forgotten If I stood by ber to tbo last. She seemed surprised to think mr caece wera much alike ; I told her I wm rich too, and all alone. But when 1 mentioned my hero, who sleeps in hD distant grave in Afgbaniitoo, and expected ber confi dence in return, she only laughed Impatiently, see changed the subject u soon m she could. Still, for all that, we became staunch friends, and tirce then have travelled well-nigh all over tbe word in each other's oomy any. I suppose its trusted me becauee I really wanted nothiog from ber, either in tha past, future, or present for I never cared to Question her, and my means were too amplfto allow of ber suspecting me of designs upon her puree. One year I wm seized by a fearful attack of L - la B... A AM HUM .(Haa I L.J AAA.. nOIICfKAOetl, It WHNBTBW1«UIVFiUMIB8Ea Loudon, and I yearned— stiall I confess?— for the famiUar Bond street shops, and a sight of tbe dear dirty town. But Mrs Levason would have nooe of it ; and instead of Bond street, I found myself in Yokohama. Judge of my snrpriM, then, when the herself piopostd this last spring to rush ever to our native land, en route for a house in Scotland, that in a moment of extreme confidence, she told me was one among ber numerous possessions. We tore through London, and tore up north by the mail-traio, and finally arrived, breath less, dusty, and dirty, en the shores of Loeh Meree. Then was not a soul to meet us, and not one who knew even Mrs Levason, though she had lived there until she wb twenty-one. ' No wonder," said ebe, as she threw me a portrait acroM the briakfast- table ; "there is no reaembleno there to me, is there ?" and she waited for my answer, looking me straight in the face in a most embarrassing manner. No; there certainly wm not. Hera wm a pretty, charming, laughing girl, with bright brown curia and deep blue ejea. with never a cloud in tbem ; there a dour, sad-faced creature of over forty, with quits whits hair, and syM generally eo downcast, eo miserable-looking, that I had never learned their real color before. She laughed when she saw my expression, and told ma I need not speak. She saw what I thought In my face, and bidding om amuse my self m best I could, for she would be bny for the next few hours, she took the picture, and want up-itaira crooning an old ttoumeaian song of love and love, that always Memed to make my flesh creep, thsra waa some- thing no uncanny about it. "hi ramt in from one at her usual Dug, soli tary rambles on day, and, sinking down In her chair, sat looking at the fire m if eh aaw dreafnl pictures u tbe cheery blaze. Ebe ap peared eo old, eo stera, I hardly know hoe, aad I turn sf her swfui disss 10, and wondering how I could oops wish angina poet oris so far from any medical serietauee. And I suppose I must have said semsthisg, for presently she re marked. without taming her head, w No, Mary, I am noi going to be ill ; but I have had a fearfnl shock—" True to my resolve never to question her, I aid sothisg; bot.oomioff close to ber, I put my baud on ber shoalderno begged her to be calm, and to forget m soon aa she eould. And I then found out she wm wet through— m wet a if she bad fallen into tbe Loch, and scarcely had troabled to wriog ber garments out. Of course, I made ber change all her raiment, aod when ibd wm clothed and warmed, I sat down by ber and began to read Browning, hoping to turn her thoughts into another channel m quickly m might be. She seemed to listen quietly, but soon ebe turned to me sad said, " No other woman would have beu m swrat, as little given to curiosity, as you have bran, Mary ; I tool I can trust you, and I in fring to toll you my story. For five- I and-tweaty yrare I nave born my sorrow silently ; now I am going to confide in you. I kaow to well now that f oaa really and truly trust you. Mary, today when I wont oat over tbe hills, I mot my husband — " I era aehamod to confess it, but my heart gave quite a rapturous jump; but I raid nothiag. I Dt Browning fril, and taking her hand in mtos, waited quietly until aha chora to "Tbe last time I saw him was at tho wedding- breakfast. Think of that, Mary— think of that! I can see Wovww, a (alas wictoh, m ho had stood, bis ba . » on tbe back of my chair, aa I rose to Dave to change my dress And that waa the very last 1 »» of him, until thD after noon. when we mat like two ghosts, ami ho told me that my rsveoge waa compDte, and that be and hie were starrio /. TMok of that Mary — starving, and he mi ht have been master here, and of a dozen p'aces beside ! No, or name ia not Levason — of coarse not ; it U — " And then she mentioned a name that wild horFcs »hosld do. draw from ms, but that made me shiver m if I too had bad a bath in the Loch. " "Never in all life," she continue-!, "hid I bran denied a single thing. I was the lait of my nee, aad I wm to maka a brillian t mar rispe. A Royal duke had r \\-t ar« cue mv w »r, du a Ipeciil Act of Par li» mint w .i< hnued it ; hut before negotiation weru compieto 1 had nut Donald, and soea we were engwL-e f, and tbe wMdirg-day fixed ; and I wa head over ears in buvinsae and M tli-raents, aod all the rest of the biwtle inseparable from a wed ding like miae wm to be. " Milered Lawton was my poor rompviu-vi, Mary. 8b was pretty aad sweet, i kn-w, aad 1 trusted ber. Often enough when I wa busy 1 rent her down to »mn«e Donald, and never for one momoot saw the harm of it ; bat juat before the day of the marriage Donald came to me, and confessed Ms love for Mildred, beg ging me to isleMo him and forget Mm as soon m maybe. M But I laughed at him. aad told Mm It wm onlv infatuation : he would aoou forget her, for M had at first D% ed mo really, Mary (and men eauiot change like weatheroocke, vou uvw; : aiter n wnue no eats I was ngnt ; It was infatuation, and bo.woold forget Mildred m soon as he could. MI caa'ft think why I did no! rand her away atonoe; but — Rbe was going to be my one brides maid— people talk 90; t wished t keep her uoder my aMlrokii/ raemed to bo in tbe right. Ho never met or spoke her until the fatal moment when I wont np-sUtrl (8 change my drees, when Mildred, lingering behind, m t Donald m ho was coming from the dining-room. No ono knows how it happened ; bat ho says it was an Instant impulse, a moment of ungovern able passion. Without a word they fled in the carrhlge waiting to take ui on our woddiog tour ; and when I came down, the house wa« in oonfnsion. They were off, and there was not a soul true to me — true enough to me to stop the guilty pair and bring him back to his wife . u Of coune Donald begged end prayei mo to divoroe him ; but I never would. That woman should never boar his name, or to bo hie honest wife ; aud 1 have bunted them l torn pillar to poe , until he haa been driven to oome sod beg for mercy for her, and hiu>, at my hands. He is a doctor : he tries to settle down. Then come a whieper— then tbe scandal spreads 5 ar d off he has to go, wardering through the world. She stole him from me ; sbe sees tbe effect, she feels the effect. Drpa his love oompensate her, I wonder, for sickly, starved, nsmeles children— for blight ing his whole caroer— for ruining my life." As Mrs LerMon paused for a moment, and seemed unable to continue tho story, I at lMt ventured to speak. "Love compensates for all," I said, crying. "Let him go dear— dearest Mrs Leva«on ; 1st him go, ana let him marry tha wretched mother Cf his children. " "YVtoo, Mary!' thi said faintly, "yon too ' Havd you no pity for mo ? Remember th. girl I »i.-, in" tramyon., /oong, rlch"»tid tototltW: Vh.t ,o I now t A womaaold Dsfure my auvwf nuNo oj wrro" bdu wpauiv, u« tH may kill me at any moment. Nay, m long at I ive I will hnnt them down. I should not have told yon my story, had I thought for a moment yon would have sons against me. Forget it all, Mary ; now leave me, for I want to bt alone and kissing ma quietly, she motioned mo away, and I loft her as sbe desired ; for f conld nevrr argue, and I seemed to have a good deal to think about. I set s>y window open, and sitting down, be gun to meeitote. and how long that lasted I really do not know ; but presently I wa< routed by a curiona sound, and looking otv. I saw Mrs Levason gliding do«n the av«nuefand making, ns I fear, d, for the Loch. It eld not take me long to put on my hood and cloak and follow her ; but 1 ah tU never forget tbo wnlk. Leaving the Loch on one fide, aht- went on like a mad thing— over hedge and ditches, m it seemed to mo ; nothing stopped her, or ms either, for the matter of that; aud on wo went, ontU we came to a little vilhgc, so bidden among the MID that I, for one, had never known of it before Mr LwasOA stopped at one Of |hq POTSst cottage there, i» hi tb unenrtainod window. Something she aaw therg seemed to please her, and, laughing to herself, the went on into tbe shadow of the porch of the bonis, aud I followed; catching sight a I did so of a man acd woman sitting by the hearth together, in such an attitude, and locking 10 mi« rable, I mjseU conld havs cried over tbem, although tbsy certainly deMrved all they were snfferiug. 1 bad scarcely pasted tha window, wbon,wlth a terrible cry, Mrs Lsvason flung up her arm and fell forward on her face. I hurried up to her, and endeavored to soothe ber, but it wee no om: nnd I rushed to th. MitaM mI mIIbI a TWunld. Danili !'« for I did not know his other name, and it was no time for ceremony. Poor ( onl, it was soon over ; but it mut have been a bitter moment for that other wots in. For Donald really had loved his wretched wife, and their whoD lives bad been wrecked, m she aid, only ia a single moment of pasrion. Curiously enough, the settlements, which bad never bran cancelled— I don't know, by the wny, if they conld legally have been cancelled —gave all to Donald, and poverty aod care disappeared when my friend died. Bat I think she wonU have wished it afto that deatii-bed scene ; and though, of course, Donald and Mildred are married, ike story ha got about, and th county does not care to visit where tbe five or six sous and daughters re all more or Dee good- looking, and who hsvo none ofthemanijhhaorahw)Mjear 