THE SUNKEN TREASURE, THE witness, in fact, excited no very favourable sentiments in any one of the auditors. But he seemed either ignorant or indifferentthat such was the case. ' I'm no more in love with the company than the company is with me! Only I thought it right to do my best to bring two villains to justice !' resumed the Yankee. The word two struck like a blow on Caroline's heart. ' You are quite right, sir; pray speak on,' said the coroner, in a conciliatory manner. His own curiosity was greatly excited. 'I don't want to make a long story of it I ain't paid by the line like these here news paper chaps ' resamed the disobliging wit ness, alluding, uncivilly enough, to the re porters present. 'Well! as I said-didn't I ?--I took to fixing me up. a roost in the old mill out yonder, making a fire of part of it, and a shake-down of the floor. You can't come it so convenient with anything else much but an oyster-bed, where you could dine off the mattiess, no doubt! And so I fixed all snug for the night, and sat looking at the fire, and thinking of nothing, only wondering if I should see anything of the old ghost they say haunts the place--when of a sudden I hear a whistling-like! As if a blackbird were piping for his sweetheart, like; only it was a reg'lar tune-and I know that they seldom come out of cages. 'Well, iMr. Leppiard, if that is your name ? Pray get on,' said Walter Graham, with ner vous anxiety. 'I'm one of those people, sir, who can only get into the saddle from their own horse stone,' returned the imperturbable Yankee. ' I heerd this whistle, as I said, and at first I wouldn't believe my own ears. But I heerd it again. ' Lo !' says I, 'This is something more than common, and I'd better make sure it's no worse than a bird-catcher out; though maybe it's a Christian-.critter, who can direct me to some better shelter for the night.' For I felt uncommon queer and lonesome like, I must confess, in that old rat trap.' 'No doubt,' exclaimed Mr. Worsely, also with impatience. '·So I opens an old blinker of a wooden shutter I had noticed before sitting down for' the night, and looked out. It was a very dark night, but I see two people as clear as buffaloes making for under the mill, in a queer, sneaking-like way, as if they were about no good. And there they fell a-talk ing.- I have a curiosity of my own, gentle men, soI thought I'd-try and find out what it all meant. So I- slides down the steps fo, the room below, and puts my ear to the cracked flooring; and there I hears what made my blood run cold.' ' We do not want rhetorical flourishes,' said the coroner. ' What kind of flourishes, sir ?' replied the Yankee, with calm inquiry. '.Go on, sir ! You waste the time of the court.' ' I was more:wasted before I carme in, for Ill stake a dollar you're all in a tarnation fix how: to put the collar on the right.horse, re turned the witness. ' But you shouldn't interrupt me, gentlemen. I am a plain man, and a little matter puts n.e out. 'Could :you see- the persons ?' 'I could make a sort of guess what they were like. But I should know them-best again' by their voices,' resumed., the true descend nt of the DLeppards of Black Mill. 'One.seemed to i be a.yoing man, and had a remarkable musical sort of a tune in his jaw. The other, as -clear -as- blitter milk, was an Irishman.' '- -: --: : - ::: ' What did they say ?'-.: ?: . 'The talk at first was about a young womancalled Mary. .The Irisher seemed to be her father, and- theie was a good deal of splutterng about her between them. Fromi what I could fix of their sayings the younger one had been making .over free in that quarter-miore free thati:welcdme-at least in the old 'un's opinion. And it seemed he insisted the young one should do what he could to make an honest woman ot her again, and marry her.' S' No, dear; I shall hot faiht i! Let me hear it out !' whispered Caroline, breathlessy, in reply to the affectionate fearin Julia Rushton's glance. - * Well, the young one didn't make so much of a difficulty about that as one would have expected, for paying the reckoning .isn't the .best'part of the feast, you know, gentlemen ! Arid though he said, too, it would spoil him for a much better chance with a rich young lady in these parts ! However, he owned he loved his Mary better than any other woman on the 'varsal earth, and said he had been scurvily pitched off by the other one, and owed her a mortification ! So it was agreed the young folks should make off together that night from the village, and hold away for Liverpool, where they could be married, and embark at once for the States.' 'To Liverpool?' said the village constable, making a formal note in his pocket-book. 'Oh, yes ! but I'll warrant you'll have to track them to New York before you bag 'em, friend !' said Lazarus, with his ugly smile. 'Proceed,, sir !' said Mr. Chizzlewit, eagerly. ' The old 'un wanted to go with them, and see that all was done to contract, but the young 'un wouldn't hear of it. They were sure to be pursued, he said, and if they went together, they would be found -as easy as asking, So it was agreed at last the Irish rogue should make for his own country, and lie hidden awhile among the bogs till something' blew over that warn't a cloud either, nor a daddy-longlegs, but something like the last with its long, flimsy arms and legs ! The gallows, I reckon!' 'But wasnotRourke to go to Liverpool too, to get to Ireland ?' said Constable Jollie, ready to make another memorandum. 'No he was to give the law a dodge, by going to London and shipping for Corlk there,' replied the Yankee sailor. The memorandum was made. -* What followed?' pursued the coroner. 'Why, then they began to speak'in a lower tone, and I missed a good deal !' replied the witness. 'But they grew angry with one another, and began to talk louder, and by and by I could make out that there was a dispute between them about the division of some property. I thought at first it was the girl's fortin but I soon heard what set me on another thinking. Item. you may be sure of that when I heard it at last arranged that the young man was to have all the notes, in consideration of the danger in havihg them changed! Althlouglh he had taken carenot to enter them in his master's note-book, as he oughtl to, he owned!' The sensation.produced by these words was of the most niarked character. A shriek burst, in spite of all her efforts to suppress it, from the very heart of Caroline Sidney. But .he. witness appeared to attaich no particular imlportance to the st~tement. 