THE release of Mr. Barrow, the promised liberation of Logic and the refusal of the Executive to commute the sentence of Opie have combined to exercise other miods besides Mr. Tomkinson's on the subject of the remission of prisoners' sentences and other cognate questions of equal importance connected with penal administration in the province. As a safe guard against the imposition of excessive sentences by our tribunals of justice i5 is well that power should rest with the Governor in Council to review, and if necessary, curtail any punishment a warded, inasmuch as judges are but men, and are at times afflicted with crotchets in the discharge of their judicial functions. It is not, however, to this phase of the qu«3tion we wish at present to refer, but to the custom which has passed into 0 sort of unwritten law of leaving it optional contingent on the good conduct of a prisoner for the gaol authorities;!*) remit one third of his sentence. We cannot but think it Is •n the last degree undesirable that thto execution of a sentence solemnly pronounced by a court of justice should be in anj way regarded as dependant on what is at the very best * varying cods of prison.rajes., It would be iar better; at ali points both .for the prisoner and all other* concerned, that finality as jto t the ektept of punishment sehonld rest with She judge, and that ra, prisoner should know when leaving the desk the exact nature hotu ^s.toi kind and dqr- | atapn^f i^he he ^Muid'^lefl^oed for his ^oifOT^^hU case we fibould not be so <Often sjtariied'; by reading of sentences wMcb^^*" " orimes »n which they 'folloW-. 'The state of thlT^se is not unproved although the prisoner may haye gc^jd reason to surmise that two thirds only of the term^e pntended by the judge to be served: It xnav hs urged by these r who favor the existing system that the possibility of c( making, time/' as the praol authorities call it, with a view of the shortening of th«ir sentences will operate among convicts as an incentive to good conduct and dilj^ent obsei-vancc of the prison rules. On the oth^r hand, however, it cannot be denied that a fear of extra impositions, which it should always be in the power of visiting justices *o inflict, would operate just as effectually, as a deterrent to the infringement of discipline, and thus secure the desirable end sought without leading the unfortunate culprit in a state of prolonged uncertainty as to the term he would have r to serve, for be it remembered, that the awardinS by good conduct marks may be to a considerable extent left to the mercy or caprice of warders, over whom the prisoner would have no check. "Viewing the matter in all its aspects we cannot but think it would be far better that the judge should pronounce - the precise punishment which a prisoner would be required to undergo, than that it should be regarded as contingent on the due observance of any internal regulations of the penal es tablishmeat. ALTHOUGH the obscure, but persistent Mr. O. Reimera generally keeps the community pretty well posted up in in all matters pertaining to the spirit world, thai is when,he can beguile the city editors to insert his incomprehen sible utterances, more than usual interest has been excited in spiritualism duting the past week, consequent on a series of lectures which the Rev. Mr. Green is delivering iu the Town Hall. The lecturer has dealt some hard blows at what the late Thomas Carlvle called, " ultra brutalism and liturgy of Dead Sea apes," a rather undignified name for the creed of those who believe in communication with disembodied spirits. It is to be feared that this most intractable mental disorder is gaining ground in this as. well as the other colonies. Perhaps this is the result of so much enforced idleness amongst the people, which »ives them time and opportunity to give rein to their fancy. It is just lift B&rd; to disprove the claims of spiritualism ' as it is to dispel any other forma of paeudo-religious mania which medical men tell us is tho most difficult form of mental aberration they have to deal with, as it takes its rise in a diseased imagination and completely sets at naught all the stern demands Ot losic. You may try as you will to j get at a spiritualist through his reason, j but at every tarn he will knock you j down with the ghost of his dead grandmother, and though you are standing shoulder to shoulder with him he will say, like Hamlet, Do you see nothing there?" and when like the poor terrified Queen you reply. "Nothing at all, yec all that is I see." fie will turn round and rail upon you and call you a fool for your pains. The worst of these illusionists is that there is utterly no hope of convincing them. Over and over again their so called manifestations have been proved to be the result of trickery and fraud, but they always have an excuse to hand. They shift their ground so deftly that to argue with them betokens that you «re indeed a tool, so that tha best thing is to let them enjoy cheir opinions and treat them as harmless facatics. AUCTION SAMS.—We are requested to call attention to Messrs Moody, France and Symons' large Bale to day at John and James Clarke's, at Boor's Plaints, of land and stock of' a superior kind. Sale commences at Mr. James Clarke's at 2 o'clock, sharp. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—The usual meeting was held at the Secretary's office, January 8. There were present Dr. James in the chair, Revs. Lane, George, McNeil and Nancarrow, Captain Hancock and Mr. Mannheim. Two cases of necessity were mentioned and a sum of £2 eaoh voted. The chairman brought before the meeting a case wherein the husband was in the Wallaroo jail and there were five children in the house. £2 were voted for groceries at 10s. a week. WALLAROO REGATTA.—The settling up of this event came off on Saturday night last, and was no douot satisfactory to the local contestants, but was not so to the Moonta roaring club who had protested against the champion race, and had to defend, a protest for the clerks' and shopkeepers' race. When the protests were heard, the Orange and Black were rather aurpriBed to find that their protest against a foul, in which one of their men had had his face hit with the oar of the competing crew, was dismissed, and, that in the <derks' race, which all admit was won on its,merits was also decided in favor of tho Wallaroos,and to add insult to injuiy, they were told that they must forfeit the deposit, as the appeal was considered frivolons. A. letter in another colurna gives more details. The case certainly seems to us some thing tike the " heads I via, tails you lose " way of settling a question. When we were told there had been » foul ine^oh saceare quite realised; that, if. the Orange and Black got the decision for the champion race in their favor, it would as a matter of course, involve the lossof the clerk's race, but we never supposed an adverse decision could be given in both cases. It makes boat racing almost as bad as horseracing for trictceiy and dishonesty, which will probably prevent respectable people from patronising thelhin future.h- TEfrnrrrwq TfMB8.—-ThB first week of the new year certainly closed With considerable excitement for a quiet sleepy hollow kind of place like Moonta. On - Friday quite a shock was given to the town when it was known that Mr. W, J. Snell, who has hitherto borne the beBt of characters ) waa arrested for boot-stealing, and that most of his stock was cliumed Oy Mr. L. F. Richards, as his property. It will be seen by the evidence that for some time Mr. Richards ba^ been missing goods from hiB shop and informed the police of the fact some two months ago, and he with the police have been watching for some time, both in and outside of the shop, but without effect. Recently a pair of boots was shown to one of Mr. Richards's employees which had been purchased from from Snell's shop having Richards and Go's mark on them. This of course was auspicious and caused Mr Richards to examine the window as he passed, when he recognised some boots of a peculiar make, and got one of his assistants through Mr. 3T. Harris, to purchase a pair, when his marks were found on the boots as well as the wholesale firm's marks. After a search warrant was obtained, 263£ pairs of boots and some drapery were found and claimed by Mr Richards as his property, some books were also found, which the police believe to have been stolen, but as this will be enquired into, we need not refer to it. Considerable sympathy is felt for Mr. Snell by those who believe' him inneceut, and for his friends by all the town. The only solution Snell offera of the boots being in his shop,is that gome oue muBt have got in and marked them. TIUB of course is possible whether or not it is probable. Snell was committed for trial on Saturday, when he reserved his defence.—Late Saturday night, another cause for excitement occurred, when Mr W. H. Golds worthy was knocked down and ran over by two cabs, which resulted in his death. The inquest was held before Mr. Wilkinson on Sunday afternoon, the report of which will he found in another column. If you wish to establish a name for your house, irell the best brands—WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS stands foremost. TOWLE'S PBNNYROY xl AND STEEL, PILLS BOB FEMALES quickiy correct all irregn iarities, nnd relieve the distressing symptom go prevalent with the sex. Boxes 2s 9d. of all Chemists. Prepared only by E J. Towle, Chemist, Nottingham, England. Agents for Adelaide—Paulding & Co., Wholesale Druggists; A. M. Bickford & Sons, Wholesale Druggists and Importers, Adelaide and Kadina, South Australia, p Falk & Co., Wholesale Druggists; W. J. Stome & Co., Wholesale Druggists. 