Pluck. O.H.S. Captain Marbyatp, a first-class judge of the quality, divided courage into two general species — to wit, positive aud negitivo, the former being shown by those individuals who, in an emergency and in detUnea of ordors, would risk all on their own responsibility, well knowing that fail oro meant disgrace ; whilst those who, turning, like the tvpieal worm, are morely l-rave for the nonos, can on'y boast of tho neirativo virtue. Fluoiiiness, tho generic term- given to all sorts ami conditions of conrago, ia excoesivoly poouliir in its action, showing itself pre dominant under Eomo conditions, and yot con spicuously absent in othora, in one nnd tho same mau. For instanoe, how many othor wi-o brave men iiro afraid ol ghosts. And how often is 4.o'clock-in-thomo:ning cour age wanting ': Tho sort of oourago, 1 mean, that makes a fellow ' all thoro' in a haunted house when his ft if o wakes him up o' nights with a terrified—' Oh ! what's that? Oh, do go and see, dear !'' &o; , &c.; And it's all very well, in broad daylight, saying bosh ! but you and I, mon ami, may find some night that we also are deficient iu that rospect, iho tupernatural being very prone to give one a oreepv, crawly, all- ova: irh do ing about tho witching hour wh-n churchyards are said to yawn. If you are sceptical, listen to this : 'A o:ruin houae in Berkley Square, London, had tho reputation of harbouring ghosts. To dispel t ' ese spirits went a very brave man, accom panied by an equally game bull-dog, but in the morning they were both found dead, sir ; and a subioa.uont autopsy revealed that they muit have been frightened to doath.' I am eorry that space forbids me to relate tho whole ttory here, as it would be, in its way, instructive to the doubter. A1; first sight it may appear paradoxical to assert thit the more timidity the more courage, but if one considers, like many another seeming paradox, this oae also carries a world of trutb. Valuable as it is in what Nanoleon heartlesa'v termed food for cannon, non- appreciation of danger cannot bo classed as real pluck, even though the happy possessor may bo roady anl willing, as tho Yankees tay, to ' waltz in bald headed ;' for how can bravery exist when danger is apparently ab:ent ? But on the other baud when a man excessively susceptible to fear overcomes his timidity and strikes hard for victory he must bo highly courageous. And here, bj -the- way, an old Crimean yarn will bo apropos : - A cavalry regiment, drawn up in scanty cover, occasionally roceived in their direction a stray shell from a Russian battery. Two old soldiers, sitting grimly in their saddles, v ere watching a recruit laughing and joking as the iron harbingers of death, with their devilich hiss spun over head, and ploughed tip the ground in the rear. Says one veteran : 'Bill, young Jou-n is a good plucked 'un ; 'tis his fi-st fight, and hs don't mind them shollB a bit.' '? Look here,' answered he apostrophise 1 as Bill, 'he don't imm- whit it is yet, but we does ; and it's us that's brave, for we eits quiet here, and you knows well we're both at bottom mo.-t damnably afraid.' And he was right. They know what havoc shells could create; as* for Jones— well, ignorance for him meant bliss just thon, though ha doubtless spetdily discovered the folly of subsequent wisdom. Curlyle, most caustic of philosophers, once said 'there are a million young men in London,' a remark hardly novel in itself, but then he added, by wav of embellishment, ' ' mostly fools,' which flattering reflection on tha youth of Cockaigne may well be paraphrased by saying that of the people of the world (millions, query) most a;e cosvards, i.e., they do not pjesess the aboveinentioned positive courage, though by reason of the negative quality they would probably defend their hearths and homes against an aggressor. Tho minority who aro in military service cannot be very much braver than tho majority who are civilians, at any rate in a country where conscription is in vogue, and as soldiers' discipline and, above nil, the fear of being thought afraid, enduas them with a sufficiency of bravery to carry them through the action. Besides,' unless a geueral sauve ijui petit is tho order of the day, thoy are certain to be phot for cowardice ; whiht if they do their duty there are many chances of getting iff, il not with a whole unharmed cuticle, at least with life. Yes, courege is a very curious attribute ; a man mav be afraid of a round of fisticuffs, and yet be game to storm a redoubt. At school we thought one of the fellows a cur booauee he would never fight if he could get out of so doing, and did not yeirn to play up at foot ball, &c;, whilst in after life his brother officers consider d him a bit ot a cocktail. Yet a few years back iu Afghanistan the V C. was his if he had lived ; for there in the face of a horde of yelling devils, he went baok alono from his retreating regiment to pick up a wounded private and trying to carry him forward to tho ma'n body was stabbed to death. How do you explain it? Is it that tho dread of bodily pain is so intense with some men that it makes them presumed cowards ; or that the same pride whioh turns them into heroes, at other times will render them decidedly pusillanimous for fear of the disgrace of defeat After all it may be nothing more thau it touch of tke disposition cf the uhiquituu Mongol within them ; just a souprin of 'hat Ddd nature which enables the pig-tailed one to Eice deith unconcernedly, and yet yell blue murder at a cut from a stiok. It is generally taken as a tine qua non that physic il courage and physical Btrength go hand iu hand, though often the pluckiest of men have the weakest physiques. Kelson par example. But the world at .11 goes on thinking a strong big man is necessarily a brave man, and I once heard a woman eav ant nt a certain officer, a very lion in action, ' Gracious, he can't be much use in battle ! ' Because forsooth he was Bmall, thin, and very retiring in the drawing room. But women aa a rule are bad judges of courag i ; their horora are wont to be taken from the ranks of the cirpat knights; warriors like Murk Twain's celebrated ancestors, gallant soldiers, who went whe oping and shouting into battle, far, far, in tho rear, and shortly came hurrying out slriek'ng, 'Aydimi,' well in the van After all it !b moral courage which helps a man best through this world, and gives him a fairer start into the unknown one beyond ; nine teenth century Britons bting for thsmost part out of the hurly-burly of swords and piatols. What one wants most it the inner eome th:i:g which foroes you to Norvo your heart with onurugo bright. Ami fucj tha future, which tuou fearost ; that which makes you, though beaten down and pinned to th j ground, writhe up against the sword, and do battle with your troubles, till they are overcome. 'Tis difficult, painful, ex hausting, and work ia your only ally, but with thi tally, though worsted again and again, you may still claim tho viotory if you live, and if you die — well you do so, so to speak, hi the odour of Banotity, having Girou the first natch of the nt(ht To tho red plinet Hsrs, and fought to the bitter tnd. The worst of it is, human misery enciroles'u3 all so much in our life -long struggle, like the not of the retiirius iu the gladiatorial fights of old, that twiat and turn as you will tho fatal tririnnf. rapttw AVAf* vnaAv +n ttiva vnn thn tinttn dt grace. Still, unninohtng determination miy retard the blow, enabling you at last t ? throw off the f 4tal meshes and be fcee ; notify -athed, but bearing your honour bright withul. Ah, if only we were all of bluut'euough fibre ! Then, I suppose the millennium would have come and troubles speedily ocaso ; a§ it is, wo havo only oursolves to Ihonk, for few will willingly undergo the training prooess which gives one tho spirit to boar nnd enduro, it ii so much easier to ruu away. ' Temerity ditmiys the foe.' We have all written it in toxt hand, round hand, small hand, Et je nt jaii pat quoi ; bat then t) fight is a trouble, it r-quiroj such a lot of thinga whbh ura not by any means an courant with our ideus ; and if one i3 a humbug (who is'ntf) wo siyitis exc:cdingly Unchristian (with a great big U), quoting chapter and vftrse for support and ex tenuation. Consequently we olearout; make a Mnittgio movoment to the rear, combiiuug an much dignity as is possible with our aomewhat vulgar hasto. aftor tha manner of Qranvillc, Derby, and Company. Then wo wake np noxt morning out of danger, and likely enough oat of rjrts, having a vast amount of contempt for ounielvea, and an intense longing to have stopped and fought it nut. Of oourco there are o:oasiona when discretion is the better part of valour— (hang it ! twioe have I oallod inspiration from tho copy-book.) Say you are naturally, morally brave, then are you yet the braver if giving up all and bearing the blame your?olf. You go, loaving someone behind you, whom you ha,ve savod. But who exhibits now-a-days this, tho rarest couiago of all r And alas! for this ago of brass, echo anawors ' Who'r' Thoro is many a man burning to show his pluok who never gets his opportunity, whilst tho many ohanccs of dioplaying moral courage glide by unhoodod. By such, when the trial roally comes, likely enough n laisser a'ler policy is followed, and bocoming hardened thoy gaily sing, Toque la galrre, till finally with an unan swered and dispairing cry for help, they drown iu the maelstrom of life. But th?n you i ee, a man can carry a hundred weight on his back so much easier than a pound at bis heart, and I am afraid all the preaching in this world will never bring the bulk of humanity up to the standard of knowing How subliinoa tiling it is To saffur and bo Btrong. 