, The Royal Mummy. "-i A STORY IN FOUR CADAVEROUS CHAPTERS. (Continued.) u BY Vcion J. DALEY. C:i' d EflE It.-T E DISCOVERY. \- It- wai long'psst midnight, and still the two young men sat earnestly discussing the dredfhl problem that had been thrust upon' them by chance or the malignant Fates. Un consciously to .themselves they were talking: in whispers, Nowand then they would glancee oder' at' the bed, where the silent subject of their conversation lay, and then turn away with something like a shudder. Their eyes met on one'of- these occasions, and Terence said to Martin in tones of awe, that sounded strangelf' froin -the lips of the merry little Irishman,.," Martil, do you think he can hear us" "'. "It's within the bounds of: possibility," repliede Martin. "I have read somewhere of a lady who was' seized by a. cataleptic fit arid retained her sense of hearing all through it. She lay and listened to her friends weeping over her- as: dead, she heard the' coffin being; carried in; she heard, in mute: and helpless agony, the remarks of the un dertaker's men as to where she was to be buried-" ' ' "Good' odt' And couldn't she make a sign to let theni knoow she was alive ?" 'iNt' the' faintest-not even by the quiveringo'f an'eyelash. But at last some-' body'iotlceid the beads of perspiration that' stood on lierjrbiwi-a' terrible cold sweat of fear, that Was'the 'list desperate effort of the Life in her to show that she was not yet food for the worm. This savedher. Power ful restoratives were applied, and she was gradually; brought back from that horror= haunted- Land: from which no traveller therein, though he may return, has ever brought back a tale." SI' But if she .could be. revived• by restora tives, why not Jim ?" said the practical Terence. -. ' "The fit:has to run itself out. She was startiig on her journey back when they as: sisted,her up:the slope of consciousness." "Then, at that rate, Jim is only on the way down," remarked Terence, " and, if so, he might be brought back in the same way, unless,"- he added thoughtfully, "he has taken a return ticket for the trip and means to see it through. But if his soul happened to lose'it, what would we do with his body ?" ' I'm afraid in that case we would have to bury. it," said Martin, with a smile at Tereice's eccentricities of speech. "By St. Peter I then, if his state is anything like that of the lady you speak of, he's heard you say that, and he'll spend the time between now and when he wakes in thinking what way of murdering you will give him the greatest pleasure-at least I know that is what Iwould do under simi lar circumstances." " But youi're a Hibernian and a savage," said:Martin rising, "and now, don't you think as we have settled on our plan of proceed ings,'we had better go to bed." " Very gbod," replied Terence; " but," pausing and pointing at the rigid figure at the other;end of the room, " hadn't we better look'his door, so that he shall not have a chaisce of starting out on a sleep-walking tour and getting three months for being on somebody's premises with felonious in teitions." '" Certainly. Good- night." " Good-night." Next morning they looked into the back bedroom. There was no change there. A long ray of sunlight fell through the window blind antl.played among the chestnut curls of the tranced man, lighting up the pale, clear-cut face with a chill splendour that re minded Martin of the effect of moonlight on the marble features of Apollo. - With a sigh they both went down to breakfast-care fully.locking the door after them. '"Good- mirning, Mr. Hayward; good morning, Mr..M'Gladhrikan," said the suave landlady, as they made their appearance in the dining-room. She was a lady who, though she had been reduced to keeping a boarding:house, never forgot the high-breed ing of those better days which all boarding house keepers have seen at some period of their lives. The effect of this fine politeness may have been to make her a subject of ad miration in the sphere in which she formerly moved, but in her psesent position, as High Priestess of Hash, it caused her to be regard ed. with mingled sentiments of gloom and derision. Yet was there something inexpres sibly pathetic in the sight of this tired-look ing, worn-faced female sitting at the head of the table and ladling out to hungry men ' cindery chop each-that grinned at the rash boarder as he stuck a desperate fork into it -and a little hypocritical cylinder bloated with the germs of early death which she and the.butcher had:the paralysing audacity to call.a sausage, and all the time pretending to blelie?ie that the boarders thought they weie being fed upon the fat of the land. Soiie of the gentler spirits, who were ashiiamed to be hard upon a lone woman, did indeed encoirage her in this pretence till it became a real belief, and was placed in the sacred chamber of her mind, where she kept he?? religious' convictions, and cherished thetories aboutcookery. This was especially exasperating to .new boarders, who did not gaze upon he hash through a halo of senti nient, add were not inclined to make many allowances for the bad cookery of even a lone woman. But this never ruffled her feel ings. Shei kept mildly. on in her old way, making'.soup out of corned beef and the muisty fragments of dead-and-gone dinners, and pies out of anything that lay around Idbse in the kitchen. Nevertheless, our friends got on very well with her because they knew enough of boardihg-houses to be aware that there was not mtich to choose between them. Besides, being philosophersina certain way, theyrecog nised the fact that they were out of employ siment ahd might want credit for a weekor two, which they reckoned they could obtain more easily where they were known than where they were not-an argument which does not always come off crowned with the success it deserves. So they took the food set before thiem with outward signs of satisfaction, Sthiugh Terence on several occasions ex pressed a belief that he was doomed to devour the landlady before he left. Trevavis, however, was her greatest favor ite. He had a polite, courtly; considerate man ner' about him that pleased her especially. SBesides, he was the handsomest man in the house; and' she had not yet grown too old to hi' i affected by physical beauty. Mr. M'Glad hrikan said no woman ever did, and as a proof of the' truth of this statement, used to tell a staggering story of the admiration in which the young and old of the sex in Ireland held hi-ii-" Tearing each other's eyes about me thiy would be if I looked sweet on one more thin' another," was the graphic way in which he put it. " How is it Mr. Trevavis is not down to his breakfast 7" said she to the young men. " He has a headache," said Martin. " He got drunk last night," said Terence. " For shame, Mr. M'Gladhrikan," said the laudlady. "I'm sure Mr. Trevavis is too niuch of a gentleman to do such a thing. olary," to the bedraggled helot who was generil drudge to the establishment, "you'd better go upstairs and take Mr. Trevavissome bireakfast" "'On no account, please. He told me he couldn't eat anything for the world," ex clainiedHMartin, rising in alarm. " Sick in the stomach--you know what it is after you've been on a spree, MissGubbins," aid the genial Terence in explanation, " IqW 190g do you expect we can keep this game up P "he enquired as they got up stairs again. "Her infernal curiosity will bring the old girl into the room as sure as death before long, and then we'll be accused of concealing a corpse in the house. But that's not the worst," continued Terence, sinking his voice to a sepulchral whisper; "though he zas such a favorite of :hers, I believe if she found him here by himself in this state, she'dhave himin the soup before asnother day went over her head. And-not to mention how this would burst up our oath thougli I was very fond of Jim, I was never fond enough of him to take him in the form of soup." "All we can do," said Martin, "is to keep his door locked and bring him up his meals outrselves..But I don't know what we're going to do when she insists upon cleaning up his room, which she is sure to do." "Tell her he has got hydrophobia," sug gested the resourceful Terence. "Well, we'll have to trust to chance, and manage so that one of us shall always be in the room while the other is out. He may wake before long." " What is the longest authenticated case of catalepsy you know of ?" " Seven weeks; but there are stories told of cases that lasted for a year." "It'll be just our luck if he turns out to be one of the annuals. I wish I was dead,"said Terence, desperately. Two or three days passed by, after this con versation, without anything happening to make them uneasy. The landlady accepted their explanations about the continued sickness of their friend with apparent con fidence, and made no attempt to clean up the room he lay in, though Terence said he saw her, on two or three occasions, taking observations through the keyhole. But that was the least she might be allowed to do in her own house. The catastrophe came at last, however. One day, when Martin was out looking for a situation, and Terence was on guard, a letter was brought to the latter, asking him to call at a certain office in the city concerning a clerkship he had previouslyappliedfor. Here was a devil of adilemma. Martin would not come home till night-they took day about to go out--and if he (Terence) didn't call at the office at the time appointed, he would, in all likelihood, lose a much- needed billet. Acting on the spur of the moment, he put his hat on, locked the door, and tore down the street as though sudden death was at his heels. He hadn't been gone three minutes when the lock of the back bedroom door was forced by the landlady, who had watched him go out, and had determined to seize the oppor tunity to find out what mysterious game was going on in her house. She f. und out \- and the discovery nearly killed her. On his wayback from the office-where, by the way, his services were not required he met Martin, who was both astonished and frightened to see him. Some feeling of im pending disaster oppressed them both, and they made their way home as fast as a Fitz roy cabman could drive them-a rate of speed not surpassed by most hearses. Immediately they entered the door they knew their secret was discovered. The land lady was in hysterics ; the servant had gone for the police. Terence was the man for this emergency. He drew IMartin swiftly up stairs into the back bedroom, where Jim still lay, as rigid as before, but with a smell of burning feathers and brandy about him which gave evidence of unsuccessful efforts made to re suscitate him, and with his chest exposed as though somebody had been trying if his heart still beat. "We haven't a minute to spare," gasped Terence. " Empty that big box of yours." It was empty in a moment. "Now, you take him by the heels and I'll take him by the head." They did so, and deposited him in the box, in which he sat in a position not unlike that which old Irishwomen assume on Idoor-steps when they sit down in the evening to smoke their pipes and gossip with their neighbors. "This comes of being well-read in light literature," said Terence, with a touch of pride in his voice, as he turned the key in the box. "I got that idea from Stevenson'so Story of the Young Man with the Saratoga Trunk. Never despise desultory reading," he continued, deftly cording the box; " even the memoirs of a murderer may become use ful to you. You nevercan foretell what may happenin this world. The Devil I" "What's the matter 1" ".The dooris locked, isn't it ?" "Yes-why ?" "Well, because I'll have to take him out again." "What for ?" "To bore breathing-holes in the lid of the box. If I bore them while he is in it well, we may as well wait for the doctor to come round and post-mnortem him at once," "Oh, of course-I see now." "What?" "The reason why he put that stipulation in the document we signed, making us swear not to let him get into the hands of a doc tor." "Certainly. ie knew they'd dissect him straight away. But, heavens I we mnsthurry with this job, or the police will be down upon us before we know where we are." During the time Terence was talking he was working. He soon had the holes bored and the body back again in the box, which was corded up and locked with breathless speed." "1 And now what is your plan ?" said Mar tin, who had watched the proceedings with a puzzled eye. "fMy plan is for you togo and get a cab at once,and take the box with you to the quietest boarding-house you can find, as far away from here as possible. The landlady down below can't prevent you from doing this, be cause the box is your own, and you owe her nothing, which she may thank her cursed curiosity for," concluded Terence grimly. " And youal" "I'll stay here and keep her quiet until you get a start. Then I'll leave, and meet you at the post-office to-night at nine." " But what about our luggage 1" "I'll pack as much as I can in a carpet. bag and take it with me. The rest we'll have to leave till Jim wakes, and we're able to come back here and claim it." " But he may never wake." "All the worse for us-and him." This conversation occupied about a minute, at the end of which Martin stole noiselessly down the stairs and glided out of the front door. In the meantime the landlady sat in the kitchen wringing her hands. The servant had not yet returned. Luckily Martin had not to go far for the cab. As it drew up to the door and he sped up the stairs, the landlady dried her eyes and stood in the passage waiting for new developments. As she saw the two young men struggling down the stairs, with the box between them, her professional feel ings conquered her grief and she asked them where they were taking it. "To the pawnbroker's," whispered the un blushing Terence. " Mr. Hayward is going to see what he can raise on it, to go towards poor MIr. Trevaris's funeral. It's very heavy," said he, as he gave his end of it to the cabman. "Full of books," he added in explanation. The cab drove off, and he returned inside to listen to MIiss Gubbins' questions and la mentc with burning impatience, At last, as he thought he would have to clear out and leave his papers and everything, a happy thought struck him and he sent her for a bottle of gin-to cheer their spirits up, he said. Gin was a liquor lwhose seductions Miss Gnbbins could not withstand, which fact Terence, being a person of an observant turn of mind, had remarked long beforet, . .. ... - ........ --. : - .-- '.-., Consdqsently she went, and he had his car pet-bag 'stoffed with papers and shirts, and was out of the back.door, and away down the town in a' cab before she had half got through telling the grocer about the trouble that had come upon her hitherto well-con ducted and cheerful establishment. That night the two friends met at the time appointed. " Did you get a place 1" asked Tereoce. "Yes-but we are only putting off the trouble from day to day," said Martin gloomily. "How we are going to carry on this sort of thing without monuy is more than Iknow." " Don't you i-well, then, I know." "I wish you'd say what yoor plan is then." " It's a plan by which we can make Jim pay our expenses and his own," said that man of ideas, Terence, gleefully rubbing his hands. "He'll be as good as a gold mine to I us." "How do you make that outl" said Mar tin, eyeing Terence as though he suspected the events of the day had completely un hinged that young man's at all times erratic intellect. "GOuess," said Terence, smiling in an ag gravating manner. "I can't-and I don't believe anybody else could," replied Martin morosely. "I don't believe they could myself," said Terence, with increasing cheerfulness, "and yet it's as easy as whisky-drinking." "\Well, what in the name of Heaven is it 1" "Ah, that you will have to wait till we get home to hear." Which means that the reader will have to wait also-a fact which I regret but cannot alter. (To be continued.) ? A young man fires the following old prob lem at Life : "A lady and gentleman enter a room. A portrait hangs on the wall. The lady asks who it is a likeness of. The gentlemen an swers: ' Brother or sister have I none, but the father of that picture is my father's son.' The matter in dispute is that one of us claims the portrait is of the gentleman him self, while the other says it is of his son. Which is rightl?" The question may not be as old as Methu selah, but it is very ancient indeed, though not expressed in precisely the same words. The picture is a portrait of the spfeaker's son, of course, or else hie lied about having no brother or sister. It is one of those in genious old back-number puzzles which used to be trotted out in the evening at social gatherings around the fire place. Any middle-aged or old man with a fairly good memory will recognise the problem and many others somewhat similar when they hear them. For instance: " A man had six children and had never seen one of them." "There was a poor blind beggar who had a brother; the brother died, but the man who died had no brother." "Two brothers wers walking down the street, and on: stopped at adoor, remarking, 'I have a niece here who is ill.' ' Thank heaven,' said the other, 'I have no niece.' How could that be I" " liow many hairs are there in a dog's tail 1 None." How do you make that out ? They are all on the outside. "A man guaranteed his companion, who wanted to get trusted for a bottle of wine, saying, ' If he refuses to pay for it, I will.' The man did refuse to pay, and so did the endorser, as he said he would. " How many legs hasra calf got, calling his tailone ?" This is an old interrogative joke, the answer to which, from the thought lessis "Five, of course l" But when the gigantic intellect of the wise and thoughtful gets down to the question, the calm answer comes, " Only four, because calling a calf's tail a leg doesn't make it one I" "A sheriff had a writ against a quaker, and asked the quaker's wife if he was at home. ' Yes,' she replied, ' he will see thee in a moment.' The sheriff waited a long time, and finually suggested to the lady that his time was precious and she had promised that he might see her husband. ' No, friend,' replied the dame, ' I only promised that he would see thfe. He has seen thee, and not liking thy looks has avoided thee and left the house.' " With these and similar "catches" the boys and girls (and their fathers and mothers also) used to pass many long winter even ings, and the one who could propound th. best things at the sociables was the best fel low. Riddles and puzzles are as old as his tory, and no doubt Noah and his family whiled away many otherwise jtedious hours at the pastime, propounding conundrums and puzzles, some of which appear every few years, have a run, and are then laid aside for a certain cycle, when, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, they are again doomed to walk the earth. 