Sermon. . .; THE SUBJECT, MODE, AND OBJECT OF APOSTOLIC PREACHING. ' ' ;???? Seumon pkeached by Rev. H. A. Langley, at St. Eetee's Chubch, at the Ordination, on 4th Sunday in Advent. Col. I. 28. The office of the Christian minister is one of the highest dignity, the greatest blessing, and the deepest responsibility. Its honour in the sight of God is implied, in the words of St. Paul, to be of no common order: 'For that He counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry.' Its blessing and responsibility, again, by the figure used in the words, ' We are ambassadors for God.' To the faithful servant of His master it is an office bringing the highest joy to the individual minister, and the greatest blessing to our fellow-men. xne issues mat now irom us raitmui or uniaitniui execution are immense, not bounded by the narrow horizon of our mortal life, but going on to eternity. What need have we to examine our methods of working, to compare them with the apostolic standard, in ovder ' that we may make the most of the priceless opportunities bestoved on us, and that- we may use those means which have proved so me cessful in the past ages of the. Church's history 1 St. Paul sets before us in this passage the subject, character, aid object of the ministry of the Word. He sets the Lord Jesus Christ forth as head over all things to the Church, the hope of glory, aid then adds ; 'Whom we preach, warning every man, and teachhg .. every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect a Chiist Jesuf.' I. The subject of our preaching is one— Jesus Christ and Hin crucified. Here is the centre round which all revolves. We want rii other subject than this. Enough here for all our meditations, all oir pulpit ministrations, all our private exhortations. Everything in ou; ministry depends on the position in which Christ is placed. Is He put forth as the light of the world, His beams will penetrate the darkness that hangs over men's minds. His presence, power, and work give to every Christian duty, to every doctrine, to every moral precept, its true and proper place. The recognition of the Lord's rightful position in our teaching gives harmony and perfection to the whole system of revealed truth. 'His place as the chief corner stone gives strength to the Church, the building of God, and enables every individual member of Christ to rejoice in that security which comes from resting on Him. Put Him in a secondary position; remove Him from the centre of ' the theological system ; forget His headship ; ignore the fact . that He is the foundation of the Church of God — all is wrong. The \ whole of the gospel machinery is out of order ; nothing can be \ expected but confusion and failure. Our Lord Jesus Christ, then, is to oe proclaimed as the Great \ Manifestation of God. Upon this St. Paul constantly insisted. '; Notice how He sets this before the Christians at Colosse. He speaks \ of Him as the image of the invisible God; in creation, God — 'By 1 Him were all things created' ; in preservation, God — 'He is before all i things, and by Him all things consist.' The great manifestation to us \ of the Godhead — in Him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead I bodily. We. have in our Lord Jesus not merely man in all His loving 1 sympathy, in all His tender compassion, in all His saving grace, bub ? I the Hying, the mighty God is brought nigh to us, and we bring Him 1 to others in the person of Christ our Immanuel, M.an may trace God's hand in nature; he may see His love in the raindrop and the dew, watering the earth that it may give good for man ; he may see something of His power in the rushing torrent or the mighty ocean ; he may hear God's voice in the thunder, and know that He walketh upon the wings of the wind, but he can never know God— God Himself^till he sees Him in Christ. He may know of Him — ' The invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead.' Much may be learnt concerning Him, but, oh, the glory of Christ ! God Himself is revealed to us in the person of His Son. This it is which gives efficacy to the atonement. The sin was infinite ; the sacrifice offered was that of the Son of God. 'Tis this now brings us into real communion with God. Jesus our Immanuel is with us still. ' We all, beholding as in a mirror the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to. glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord ;' ' God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus ; Christ,' Here is the power of the Christian ministry. We proclaim not an abstract, but a personal God — one who can be understood by us ; one touched with the feeling of our infirmities; tempted in all points like as we are ; one who hears our prayers, who reveals to us the Father, who bestows on us the Spirit, who is emphatically ours ; so that, with the language of full assurance, we can say, like Thomas, ' My Lord and my God.' Christ is. further to be preached by us as the Great Sacrifice for . human guilt. ... Here is the aspect of Christ's work which brings peace to the , troubled conscience. ' By one offering He hath perfected forever them that are sanctified.' Nothing would make up for the want of this. Christ crucified. 'I will not glory,' said St. Paul, ' save in the. cross of our Lord Jesus Christ.' The ministry of the Word is intended ever to point to the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world. Ignore this doctrine of the cross, proclaim our Lord merely as an example, this only aggravates man's lost condition. Hisholiness only throws into bolder relief our unholiness, His stainless purity our impurity, and only avails to show how utterly men have departed from the divine standard of perfection. This can never satisfy the cry of the human heart : ' How can a man be just with God ? How can he be clean that is born of a woman ?' No, Christ crucified is the essential part of the gospel. In that death on Calvary there is a sacrifice that can atone. Christ died for our sins, and is risen again for our justification. Every demand has been met ; every requirement has been satisfied. ' The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from alL sin.' No more need victims' blood be spilt, Vain sacrifice for human guilt. One great sacrifice has been offered; its power, its efficacy, ? endures for ever. What reason have we to elorv in the cross? — it is our life. What reason have we to proclaim the cross 1 — it is the life of the world. This cannot be too forcibly or constantly declared ; nor need we be afraid of sameness. It is presented to us in so many aspects, and the subject is so interwoven with all other doctrinal, and is so set forth as the foundation for every ethical truth, that our teaching may on this point be as diversified as the Word of God itself. Our Lord, is further to be proclaimed as the Source and Fountain of all personal holiness. He is made unto us not merely righteousness, but sanctification. The Lord declares this as the true principle of holiness — an indwell ing Christ : ' Abide in Me, and I in you' — at once the example we are all to follow, and the indwelling power by which we are to follow Him. It is only as men realise this, and live upon it, that they will advance in the Christian life. He it is that gives energy ; He it is : that gives consecration. ' As the branch cannot bear fruit except it ' abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in Me.' Blessed y truth of the unity of the Godhead ! It is from the Father and the \ Son the Spirit is sent forth. The Spirit is called the Spirit of God's Son. The Comforter, the Sanctifier. The Spirit leads us to the Son. ? - The Son makes known to us the Father. Having God with us, in us ; being brought into union with God by the Holy Ghost, we Lave the true power for holiness ; Christ in us not merely the hope of glory, but-the power of godliness. God in Christ, God in Hia unity, thus becomes the great force of our spiritual life. Father, Son, and Spirit are engaged in the work of our sanctification ; an indwelling God is our life. Do we come, then, to men debased, fallen, and sinful, we want to raise them to a higher standard, to enable them to fulfil the purpose of their being, to glorify God, as well as to make life here a true probation for the life beyond, that they may be fit for heaven, its holy enjoyments, its blessed service ; (and fitness for Leaven is a much more important thing than merely going there.) There, is only one power can do this — Christ, the King of glory, revealed by the Spirit to their hearts. Do we come to 'sinners poor, miserable, blind, and naked, with nothing to recommend them to God — with an unrest, a dissatisfaction, nothing can quiet — with the cry ever forcing itself upwards, heard above the excitement of pleasure, the roar of business, of the distrac tions of human life, How can a man be just with God? we bring them a Saviour — just such an one as they need— mighty, infinite, eternal. We lead them by the grace of the Holy Spirit to the cross ; aye, and beyond, to the resurrection. We tell them of an ascended and glorified Saviour ; and we bid them, because of what He is and He has done, and what He is now doing, to go forth, in the power of the risen life, free servants of God — free from condemnation, free to run the Christian race without a burden on the soul, to enjoy the liberty of the children of God, free by the power of love from the old antagonism to God, true free men, whom the truth hath made free. Are we responsible to teach those who have thus been led to Christ, and enjoy liberty in Him, with yet an evil nature, a corrupt will, a defiled imagination, a life to live in the world which lieth in the wicked one, with a watchful enemy ever seeking to destroy, we can tell them of one who can fill the houBe now empty, swept, and garnished, and, as the strong man armed, keep the palace against every foe. Is our ministry to be exercised among those walking in the wilder ness of the world, often harassed by the difficulties of the way, sometimes filled with sadness, weariness, and distress, cast down because of manifold temptations, we can bring them in Christ a hope, full, true; sure, of a home beyond, of eternal glory, of the rest that remaineth for the people of God. Smiles will mingle with tears, lagging steps will be quickened, drooping hearts will rejoice as we proclaim Christ the hope of glory. II. But the apostle tells us not merely the subject, but the character, of his preaching. We may take the word 'preach' in its widest sense, not merely to stated addresses, but as referring to the whole intercourse of a pastor with his flock. Thus St. Paul, when address ing the elders of the Church at Ephesus, declares that publicly and from house to house he had warned, them, night and day, with tears. Here is what is needed — entire consecration to the work, night and day, warning every man. Our work is undone so long as one remains unwarned or untaught. Of all work this is a joy or a drudgery, just according as it is undertaken in a formal, careless way, or in a spirit of thorough consecration. What danger lest we keep back part of the price of our devotion ? What fear lest a worldly spirit should make us barter our birthright for a mess of pottage 1 Our ministry should be in the spirit of the Psalmist : ' Bind the sacrifice with cords, yea, even to the horns of the altar.' The proclamation of Christ is to be by tvay of warning. How much easier to be always speaking of love and mercy, to present that we know will please. Surely it is this natural danger that has led the Spirit of God so frequently to warn the watchmen of the Lord, lest they should cry, Peace, peace, when there was no peace. We are called to warn against sin, against unbelief ; to hold up the most awful warning the world has ever seen, the death of the Son of God. More especially in these days, when sentimental religion is so common, is it necessary to bring out the stronger side of religious truth, that the pietism which has its foundation in mere feeling or fashion may give place to that which is founded on the Eock of Ages. Our ministry is to be exercised in teaching every man. Partial views of truth give one-sided and unhealthy manifestations of Christian character. ' Feed My sheep,' ' Feed My lambs,' was our Lord's commission to Peter. The food is the bread of life — the living word. The living word is found in the written word. Here is the food with which we are called to feed the flock of God. This warning and teaching is to be given in all wisdom. How impor tant is this. Want of wisdom in the manner of ten retards the end and object the teacher has in view. What need we should be men endued with power from on high ? What need that we should seek constant supplies of the Spirit of all grace, that, filled with the Spirit, we may be enabled to say, 'The Lord hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power of love and of a sound mind' ? We want the wisdom iuai/ uuiuBiu uuvvu nuiu auuve. wen may w« uuuimue iuutuui- ux prayer. Truest conception of the ministerial office ; ' we will give ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the word.' III. In this passage we see further the object St. Paul had in view, and the object which should be constantly present now to the faithful minister of Christ — ' that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus.' We labour for souls as those that must give an account. A most important part of our work is the conversion of those still careless and ungodly. Unhappily, this is the larger portion of our people. To one who was fond of speculative subjects the answer of a good man was, ' We will have time for these things in heaven ; let us now save souls.' This is the work. And are we not encouraged to look for success 1 Undoubtedly. If we work, pray, and expect great things, we will have them. It may be we have no authority to look for universal success. The desire of St. Paul was, 'If by any means I may save some.' But we have authority to expect that by our ministry some should be gathered out of the world, a seed to serve God. See the work of the apo'stles in the Acts of the Apostles — some receive, others oppose. Do we preach the same gospel, and work on the same principles, the same results will follow. Here is one most important part of our work, to biing men into personal union with Christ; nor is our work done with them then. We watch for souls as those that must give an account. How much needs to be done with those brought to Christ 1 Feeble graces need strengthening ; wayward wills need guiding. They need constant, unceasing care, watchful ness, and earnest, prevailing prayer, that they may be led onwards and upwards in the divine life. To the zeal of an evange list you need to add the constant care of a pastor. Nor is our work finished till we present every man perfect in Christ Jesus. The thought of our responsibility is enough to crush the spirit, to cause us to cry, Who is sufficient for these things 1 Not one among us, poor, weak, liable to error. Our sufficiency is of God. He it is that maketh able ministers of the New Testament. What reason have we to pray, not in formal words, but in deep heart utterances, that upon those to-day to be set apart to ministry in the Church God may grant that grace of His Spirit to make them fruitful in every good work. Brethren, you, who are to-day to be set apart to the different offices of the ministry, suffer a word of exhortation. Proclaim Christ in your teaching. Take the great spiritual panacea for the ills of men wherever you may go, in public and from house to house. Bring a living, loving, mighty Saviour to every sinner. Exalt Him so that men may be fascinated by the magic of His love and life and work. Proclaim Christ by your lives. The most powerful instruction in righteousness is the godly life of one ever in and out among his people . You are going into the forefront of the battle. What need you should take the shield of faith? You are called to an aggressive warfare. What heed you should use the sword of the Spirit ? You are called to bear the vessels of the Lord. What reason you should seek personal holiness 1 Ab a rule congregations will not rise higher than their teachers. We may shrink from saying, ' Follow me as I follow Christ ;' yet that is really the proportion in which many will follow Him. Be faithful ; be faithful to yourselves, your people, and your God. ' Moreover, it is required in stewards that a man be found faithful.' Success may be withholden from us — that is to say, such success as our fellow-men can notice or applaud. But faithfulness is not dependent on gifts or talents. The fear of man bringeth a snare. Tenderness of spiiit, unswerving faithfulness to truth, these are found in combina tion only in those who have the Spirit of the Master. ' Be not ye servants of men.' Seek to build up a strong, independent, forceful Christian life in others; in order so to do, seek this same strong, forceful spiiit yourselves. ' In understanding be men.' Cling closely to Christ. He who is most dependent on his Lord is most free from dependence on man. He who in the best sense fears God most is the man most freed from the fear of man. You meet men in every stage of life ; see that you come to them in the Spirit of Christ. You meet them before their sins and their sorrows, and for your Master, and in His name, you like Him, take the little ones into your arms and bless them. At confirmation season's priceless opportunity you set before them the whole truth of the gospel. You lead them to the Table of the Lord, and you there distribute for Him the emblems of His body and His blood. You take Him with you into every scene of intercourse with men ; at the marriage feast Jesus is called, and His disciples, to the wedding. You stand beside the bedside of the sick ; 'tis again to bring a pre sent Saviour, one who can say, ' Thy sins be forgiven thee.' You follow with the mourners who lay their loved ones in the tomb, that you may comfort the mourner and stay the falling tear as you tell of Him who declares, ' I am the Resurrection and the Life.' What need that we should have the very Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ? God gave it to us all in fullest measure for His own glory. Then, brethren, let all your work be in view of the day when we shall appear before God with those whom He has given as seals to our ministry and souls for our hire. We have our reward now, amidst much misunderstanding, many trials peculiar to ministerial life. Thank God, we have here our reward — in those whom, by divine grace, we lead to a saving know ledge of Jesus ; in seeing our spiritual children running well in the Christian race ; in knowing that some mourner's heart is comforted, some are encouraged to face life's warfare with a determination to overcome in the strength of the Lord ; or at least by the sense that we are, up to the measure of our capacity, doing our duty before God, and are seeking to add to the forces that make for righteousness. The work in tbis way is a reward in itself. To know that we are planting seeds that are bound, according to God's promise, to bring forth abundant fruit in the days to come, when, it may be, we are gathered to our fathers — this is reward sufficient ; but we have more — the constant approval of God, the satisfaction that arises from being- fellow- workers with God ; that it is given to us to bear some small part in the working out of His purposes of grace, mercy, and peace for the world. We see the spiritual temple arising that shall, through countless ages, show the glory of God, and God gives us the blessedness of being co-workers with Him in it all. The work is His, yet in a sense 'tis ours, for He works in us and by us. Here is reward sufficient to stir our enthusiasm, to cause us to put forth all the energies of our being ; but we have more. The. day will come when all true work for God will be recognised, when we shall stand before Him. Then according to the measure of our faithfulness will be the reward : ' They that turn many to righteousness shall shine as the stars for ever and ever.' Work in view of that day, when you hope to hear the word of approval from your loved Lord and King — ' Well done, good and faithful servant ; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' 