THE RECTANGULAR CHURN. We have received from Messrs. Frank Hart and Sjn a copy of the Wisconsiii Dairyman of a recent date. This repre sentative of the agricultural and pastoral interests deals pretty fuliywith the merits of that celebrated butter making appa ratus — the Rectangular Churn — imported here by Messrs F. Hart and Son. An article ia the TFisioiism Dairyman, by Henry Stewart, conveys some very use ful information. We pass by the intro ductory portion of the article, and coming to ' the churning,' quote as fol'.ows : — ' When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field over which lie in perspective the ghosts of a score or mire of discharged or departed churns. The misery of a butter-maker is the endless varhy of churns, beginning with the old fashioned up-aod-down one, which re calk my boyhood, when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours ; for in those ciays the whole milk was churoed. Nosr I cm get my butter milk in eisht minutes, or less, by the lcitr.hpn filnfik. whif^b nfivpr varies from year's end to year's end. B at it is not from an up-and-down churn, which although It makes good butter, is a man and woman killer ; it is now from a 'Rectangular ' churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by those proper angles as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter.' To particularise, let me recall the churning of the 7th day of February, 1880, because that was an eventful one, and settled in my miad :ome questions which we:e previously doubted by me. My cross bred three-year-old Jersey and Ayrshire cow, Maida, had been fresh two weeks, and tl;i3 waa the first churning of six days' milk. The cream— 12 quarts exactly — was turned into the Rectangular churn aforesaid, and the churn and the cream were both at a temperature of 65de£. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions of the churn per minute, I was surprised to heir the ' slap dash ' of the butter milk, and was more turpised on opening the churn to see so magnificent a sample of butter. The mass of golden butter was in small grains, from tho size of sago graies up to that of buckshot, lying in a-i irregular maEs piled up ia the churn, with a small quantity of buttermilk at the bottom. The butter weighed lOJlb. The result, 10|lb of butter from 12lo of thick cream, churned in eight minute3 at a temperature of 65deT, settled some points about which questions are fre qiently ssked. 'ThU churning out of the way, the cream of two Ayrshire cows three yea.rs old, that have been milking ten months, and are three in calf— 14 quarig in all — was put in the churn at a temperature of 60Jeg. This I churned three hours patiently ni'hout breaking tho cream and was advised to throw ihe cream out, as it was one of those me&scs; which would never churn. Let us trv seme warm water. A quart of warm water from the kettle was thrown in, the churn rotated, and in one minute the butter came ; the temperature in the churn was then Qideg. This aho goe3 Eoine ways to. settle another diflicully in winter dairjing, which causes a great deal of trouble. ' If butter comes at 64 or Gadega iu a short time and fails ia come at all at COdsg, this is a valuable fact to know. Another churning of Maida's cream, of 1G quarts from seven days' milk, produced 141b of butter in 12 minutes, at a tem perature of 05deg ; with several stop pages to watch ths progress, bo that eight quarts of nearly pure cream will make 71b of butter. 'The Ta-tars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep siia bottle, which they tie to the saddle, and take a brisk gallop for an hour or t .vo ; on returning the butter is mads. This is the original horse-power churn. But its principle is clearly the same aa that of the best modern churn, viz., agita tion of the milk in a vessel in which ihe -:? ntcnts are cUsh-.d from ouo aide to iir.Ulirr to tel; up Ujc globules. Tiiis is the principle of all the dash less churns of which so many of fluch vatious shapes were shown ai Uie Uto I-'iterca'.ionnl Dairy Fair, The peculiar action of these churus produces the butter ij small globules, as above-mentioned, a id in this shape the milk can be drawn off1 and the cold water or brine intro duced into the churn, aid the butter thoroughly washed, and mide ready for i umediate packing. ' Certainly of the many cliurn3 which I have used, the ' Rectangular ' pleasis m; the most, on account of its ve;y easy m jtion, its shape, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of i-8 opposite corners, its freedom from gud geons penetrating inside as is usuii ia di3h churns and which will blacken and f ml the butter, and chiefly on accuuat or the ease and perfection with which it can be cleansed, its quick churning, and the excellent shape in which, the bu'.ttr omes.' 