CAULFIELD TRAINING NiVTRS Owing to tho incessant downpour of Wednes day ovening the ranger was compelled to close tho course proper, so that trainers had to make tho best of the tan and sand. The majority pre ferred ibe former , which was in good going order. Sl Paul was meted out three turns on tne tan, the last being at a good strong pace. Master John brushed along for 4 or 5 furlongs. Hits coit moves very nicely. Beck with can tered ou tho sand. Youug Horatio aud St. Albert cantered onco round, when they wore joined by Maori Chief, the trio completing another circuit for good work. Louisa Borta and Tho Loafer put in some medium pace exercise. Nabocklish was tried over the schooling fences, performing very satisfactorily. Union ana Geralditie strode along on tho tan. Ben Bolt, who looks well, strode along for a couple of rounds, moving iu his usual free style. Chuckster was given a pipeopeuer. The old horse is in rare buckle. Western went suitable work New York and Bohemian put in a strong twice round, both going strong all the way, and finished well ; the former is one of the most improved horses here. Delamia ran a sharp 4 furlongs. Epicureau aud Mia Mia cantered and spirted. Douglaston was treated to a strong circle. Goodwood pottered along gently. Sirocco putin some nicestriding exercise. Lady Lovell aud Glentworth brushed along for 3 or 4 furlongs. Chicago went good useful work. Highland Chief and Blondin pat in some good work ou the tan. Lord Allen cantered. Crown Braud rnored along for a mile or so, as also did Land Shark. Retort aud Bouuie Lad covered a mile at a good working pace, tho hurdle racer going particu larly well Ludy Ashtou was- given long ser viceable work. Eugenie spirted. Booha- houtas and Uiuberto strode along for 6 furlongs. Jim Cain and Littlo John put in a couplo of rounds on Uietau, increasing the pace the last time round. King of tho West and Jack went suitable work. Greculus Esurius went about 3 miles on the tau at a uico 6trong pace ; he is a very promisiug looking gentleman. Victor, Waiter and Mormon went healthy exercise. The jumper Bungle was given apipeopener on the tau. Faithful cantered. Berkley was striding along, while Alhauus and Footman, both looking well, were bounding along on the tan. Brunette and Ajax went suitable exercise. In the afternoon there was a I&rgenumber; of touts assembled ou the course to 6ee Silvermino and Bonnie Doon gallop, the fonner with Robertson up and the mare with a light weight cantered once round tho course proper aud then trotted to the six-turloug post, where they broke away and ran & good strong round, the Cup horse having the most to say at the finish. He galloped strong and well The hurdle raoor Ocean was given a couple of turns on the tan at a good working pace. He looks nice and well. The Ghost and Empress were companions over a round on the tan, in which the latter, with Gorryup, showed to advantage Grace Darling and The Crnno ran a useful round, tho former pulling over her companion. Gadfly strode along for useful exorcise. Millstream, who was a bit fractious, worked on tho tan, as also did Ilot Iron Mealiagrida, Lord Sutton andUpper Crust wero cantoring and spirting. The 2-year olds, Llthologist, Golden Fleece aud the colt by Robinsou Crusoe, from Dagmar, were pottering along gently. 