TUG BENOIGO ADVERTISER (rUnUSJJHlj DAILY.) riiooittaaioK,' our iuairra, and oun lutaoosora. •' SAKBHUJIST, MOXDAY, MAlt. 1, ISSti Thk English Hail.—Tho R M.S. Homo arrived at Glonolg, from Colombo, at S 30 p.m. oa Sutur-i day. A Serious Mi.-cisn Accident.—On Saturday! morning a serious accident befot ft miner mimed' Andrew Christemen. In company with his tnato, another miner named Wayland, ho was working in; thoirown claim which they hold under miners', lights at Danger Hill, between I.o g Gully and California; Gully. Thoy were engaged working down tlio reef ; in adrivoabout 120 fset from the surface, when at: about eleven o'clock, two tous fell away from tho side of tho drive without tho slightest wa. uin£. Christonsen was almost completely buried, while Way In ml was partially, covered. As , Boon as possibleWuyland oxtricntod himsolfaud returned to tho smfaco. Ho called two minora named Dixon and liuldt who were working in an adjoin ing claim, and they, after considerable difficulty, succeeded in removing the blocks of slate from off Christensen, who waa then raised1- to the eur faco by meaus of tho whip rope and conveyed to the hospital in n cart. On examination at that institu tion it was found that ho had sus!a;ned a com pound fracture 'of. the left .leg, and fracture of the right leg near the thigh. Wayland, who happened to ba, standing a short distance away from Christonson at tho time of tho accident, escaped without any aoricua injuries, although, naturally, he was very much' shaken. The occurrence was reported to Mr W. H. Graingor, inapeoior of mines, apd that «(Hcial on visiting the mine shortly afterwards f.-nnd that a holo had been put in and tired at tho baok of tlse ground where tho fall took placo. It is possible that the force of the explosion loosoued tho earth, although Christensen sounded the gound a littlo while beforo tho accident, and it was then apparently quito secure. Chriatonsen is a marriod man with four or live children, resi iitig at Sparrowhawk, and Wayland resides at Iron bark, near the British and American Hotel. A Sermon ox tub Elkotio'n —Last evening at the Congregational'Church the llev S. I. Green preached a se:mon, in which ho mado speciil reference to tho general elec ioji for Parliament. Ho selected as his text the words, " Wliarofore brethren, look ya oat among .you' sovoii men of honest report, full of Iho Holy Gliosi and wisdom, whom wo way appoint over this business." Acta VI chaptar, 3rd vorao. After referring to the scriptural events associated with the text, Mr Groan said they were going to have an election this weak for Parliament. There were some people' present, peihaps, who thought that a minister had no business to meddle with politics. To a certain extent they were quite right, but at the sumo time he considered ho had a' ruht his views in connection with any thing which tended to the moral and -ucial well be ing of the com iMiiuity or otherwise. Many of thorn W'.uld be, naked in a few days to porfonn^wlmt he regarded as tho solemn duty uf ncirdiiu tlieir votes for certain men to represent them in I'srliiment They should remember they were going to perform Lheir pait in appointing the men who wore to make their laws and see tint they are maintained. They were going to do their share towards mafciug the future of this colony. In their selection of tliree representatives from the various candidates, they should suleji men of good report, of good character, men whoso characters wsro devoid of flaws, men to whom tln-y would ba willing to trust the management of their own affairs. Tho men they selected should be of good standing in tho community, mun full of the tio'.y Ghost— that was. God-fearing men,—and men of wisdom. Th«y should I o men who could look intelligently into a biibj 'Ct when it was brought before theui, men who were honest, conscientious and wiso They should not vote for uiou who waie anything an 1 everything, or who would promise anything. There were some such men standing for 'election in Vic toria at tho present timo In reading soma of the' speeches, Ue had noticed th.it "■ measures not men" was a vt-ry favorite cry. That principle was as rotten as the devil himself. What ho recommended them to do, was to do tho opp isi a—vote for "men not measures," honest, good, wise men, irrespective of their politics. He counselled thorn iu their fricud as well as their minister to bo c ireful to select men in whom they could put their tinst and confidence. They should mxke their selection in a spirit of prayer. There were many nations where the privilege thoy possessed would be very highly prized. In tho country he came from, the people dare not speak of political privileges for fear of. j being exiled. Tnov should exereise tho power, given to them in a Christ-like spirit. Tijs Latj Mr Herbert.—liefer, ing to this ro cent deaih of Mr Herbert of Kagleliawk, we are glad to learn that the widow and family of the de ceased gentleman have not been left-wholly un provided for. S:ni)ay School Annivf.us.vuY.—Yesterday the unniversaiy services in connection with the Ling Gullv Bible Christian Sunday school cajnaoff, and proved very successful—financially, "numerically and otherwise. The church was handsomely decorated with flowers, ovcrgrcous, etc., and pre sented a:i unusually attractive appearance, while the teachers and scholars, arranged on a temporary platform at ono ond of the church, added greatly to the effect. The Rev S. I. Green officiated in the morning, and delivered a really excellent sermon from the 7th ehaptor of Mark, commenc ing at the 21th verso, having reference to the fciyropbenici.m woman. Tha afternoon' sarvice, which was conducted by the Rov J. Orchard, was devoted exclusively to reci ing and i-ihging by tha children, ths u In the 6V0UUV.: the Hev A. Roger1, of .Elmore) who formerly attended the school, officiated, and based hi» remarks on the words—"The precious blood of Chriit," selected from the 19th verse of the 1st chapter of 1st Peter. Tha sermons wero eloquent and wero attentively listened to by the large congregations, the bnildirg both morning, after noon and evening being crammed to its fnllest extent. During the d y recitations wero given by a number of scholars in a manner that indicated c -re fill study, and rt fleeted great credit on them and ih'ir tutor (Mr T. Seymour). The hymns rendered at each service were specially selected and riven in such a style as to ensure the utmost pr*i.«e for tho conductor (Mr T. Williams). The soloists—Misses Annie Payne, Emma Orchard and Norris, acquitted themselves admirably, tlteir efforts being .ie- feet in every respect. Mr Han is made an efficient organist. To-night the anni versary will be furthor celebrated by the holding of a tea and public meeting. Ths Police.—Cons able Can'well, assistant lockup-koeper of the Sandhurst station, lms been "appointed to tho charge of the lockup at Cas'le iriaine. The friouds of this courteous and atten tive officer will bo glad to le:irn that the eh≱ is equivalent to proiq ition. Senior constable dork, formerly watchhouso koepor of this city, and '.vho has been stationed at Kallnr.it for tho pist t n months, is now on a visit to Sandhurst, and looks remarkably well. Harvest Thanksgiving Service.—'There were splondid congregations at Alt Saints' Church yes terdsy at botn services. Tho day was sot apart for harvest thanksgiving. There was full choral service, and, after the ordina-y matins, choral cele bration of holy communion. The I'e D.'um Lauda mns was sung to J. L. Hopkins in ii, and tho affice of coannnnion to Dr Dykes, in i\ The pre- ichor was the Rev. A. V. Green, &i.; A., L.L.15., lato of St. Peter's, Melbourne. Tha rev. gentle man impressed upon tha congregation tbat all good gift* are obtained through sacrifice, whether they be temporal or spiritual, and that it is as necessary for us to practice ab-tineuce and se'f obaegation to gain the crown of llf', a? it is ffir the sower to distribute seed if he would reap when tlie hari- -st js ripe and golden. At evensong the canticles were sung to Gouiod's service in D, and the anthem was Barnby's, "The eyes of atl wait upon Til-o 0 Lord." The Rev Mr c! recti was the officiating e'ergymin, There was a large array of the chorister boys and singing men in the choir, and Mr H. J. King was in his accustomed place at the organ. rUcHNTRAligation* Convention". — This con vention will be held at Geolong this evening. Toe usual weekly meeting of tbo local league will not b!i lislii in c.>nscquenco.~ The Chines:: and tue Easter Paih.—Yester day aft.?rnooii a number of gentlemen from the Easter Fair committee waited upon the Chin- -e, for the purpose of urging them to take part in ;h:.s year's fair. A large number of Chinese ii.i-i assembled in the joss hou e at the Camp to re ceive the deputation, Mr James Ah Pool acting as iuterpseter. Mr Kirby, the popular chairman of the E.-ister Fair commi' tee, iuform -d the Chine.-e of the obiecc of their visit, and stated that the public wero very anxious U5 again see the Chinese in the Easter Fair p'roces ion, aud pointed out to them Jhri great attraction tiiev were to ths fair. Ha also inferred them that • a number of their countrymen were receiving aid both from the hospital and asylum. The Chinese fchsn Informed tho deputation (through the interpreter) that they wished to call a niaetirg "f their committee before they could finally decide what they would do, but as«n ed the deputation that they would do all in their p >wr to assUt the fair, and a!s:> tha All Nations Bazaar. WeSLSTAN CHCKCH, GoUlSN-SOt-'ARE.—Three special scrwees were Ii--Id in the above church yesterday in connection with the re opening of itia or£.m, which hss rec-ntlv Iven greatly improved by Mi- A. i'ul'er, of Melbourne, In the Morning the Rev, A. Powell officiated, and preaphed aii eloquent sermon from Romans, XII. chapter, 1-t verse. The Rev. H. Robinson occupied the pulpit in the afternoon, the suljeci of his discourse being "Christ's charge to Peter,"—St. John, XXI. chapter, 17th verse. The evening service was again conduced by the Bov. A. Powell, who selected as his text tho iv.irds—" What lack T. ynt," St. Matthew, XIX. chsptcr, part of the «0th versa. These words, the preacher said, were spoken in all sincerity to Christ by a young man, whs Mtiiuuij!) he had kept all the cosunticdaKnts from his youth up, '.yjs at esse about soul's welfare. His Users SiOfalitj 4M not satisfy his comeienci. Christ, however, told hiij: U:e :u:~p thing which ha lacked—ha wa? too mindful of his earthly possessions. On hearing that, the young JE2D wont away very sorrowful, for he tv-is rich. ^I-Cr pasting out that morality was inssmeient fa su:>fr th,s jnwsrd monitor, conscience, tha rev. £*ntieiB3n conuude-l by pointing out that the religion of Jesus Garjst aloqo Cviji'd jpar.'e eternal happinsss. At all of tbo senbes tna're wore largo eon^nv.ithms, tlio church beinj; well lilted. Thechmcn choir, under Ilio of Mr Armstrong, rendered scvna! anthoiiH very pleasingly; Mr ljnmunco Uicliard'on presiding ;\t tlii? o;g:m in ill's vmia! miisUnly stylo, Tlio opening will lv.> further celobmtrd by a tea meeting an 1 concert 011 Wednesday ovening. ' tlui.n, C.uxs an[i i iivii.Kxn.s.—'Tlio Rol(i yields on Satui day reached 2,700 ozi, which is a (fund total for tho oir week. Tlio lint, was headed by Ii:uiscll'a " ISO," with 67'J ozi. 'i'lio other loading yields wore:—Hercules, 231 o/.s; Lilly Birltly, 257 ozsj S idowa, 212 ozs: No. 20 Tributo, 2l(i o/.j; Briilin'a Tributo, 11!) oz$; Frodorick tlio (Jrtmt, ll'.lozi; and Golden Pyko, 10:i o7.s. Tharo wore four dividonds—Now Beehive, 2s Gd ; Golden 1'ylco, 3d; .Frodorick tho (»roat. Gd; and Shon.in dtiah, Gd; tho total being ^5,550. 'J ho calls amounted to iM,:KW His lid. Tnn Un-HK UltASSY i'I.AT KKSEKVOIR.—The repairs to tho embankment of tho »; par Grassy Flat rosorvoir aro progresxing smtiwfuclorily, and tho puddle wnll, which is almost completed, appears to bo substantial work. Tho pudd'o wall of tho embankment of this resorvoir has always been ro gardod as weak,'but tho present work is of a superior chaia-:tor. Tho rosorvoir ia very low, and tho wator ia ntill being run off. KAat.KilAWic Polick Couut.—Tho mayor (Mr. II. liirkwood) and Mr J. Mount, J.]?., pro-' sided at this court on Saturday. Louisa Benbow was charged with using threatening language to Mary Ann Holmau, and ;iIso with assaulting hor.' Plaintiff stated that defendant, witliout tlie: slightest provocation, came to her houso in Eagle hawk on Friday last, andikuockort her down, and; juinpod upon her; v Defendant also throatoncd to take hor lifo. Tho caso was dismissed, with a caution to defendant. -Thomas Mnlhall, John Skillieorn, and 1J. Lewis wero proccodei against for breaches of the Oab Regulations, and finod f*H each, with 2a lid costs. Tho court then ad journed. DrsPEXSAiu" and Mkii:o.\l Institute.—The monthly incolin :s of tho boards of management of the Bor.d'go United Friendly Societies' I ispnmiy and Medical Institute took p'aco on Friday evening, when tho pro.-idant (Mr Herman) prodded, ami thora wore ninetaen delegates lirosunt. Tho reports of the executive and building committees wore re ceived and adoptod, and accounts, amounting to £37 lis for tuo diapeusary; aud £53 2s tid, for the medical institute, paasod for payment. Com munications from various societies wero received, appointing del gates to tho bnvuls. A letter from the secretary of tho II.A.C.B S. objected to tho account furnished bythe'secretary of tho dispensary uud institute, and after some discussion it was de cided that tho U.A.C.B.S. should bo informed that the latter officer was carrying out tho inst:uc tions of tho boards, A vote of thanks w*s pa=sed to tl;,« building committee f'>r the manner in wliioh it hud ntteudod to its duties, after which it was abolished audits functions transferred- to tho ex ecutive committee. Tho resignation of Mr T. O'CuUaghan, as representative of tho Australia-! Natives' Association, was roceiv-d, in which that gentleman refeited ia high terms to tho aim and object of the societies, and thanked tho boards for5 the kindness and consideration always shown him while a member. Several members expressed thoir high sense of 'ho energy and indefatignb!e neas always displ -yed by VrO'Callaghan, and it was unanimously deoidod that a framed letter of thanks bo sent to that gsntlennn, the cost to bo defrayed by the mombersof tho boaids. The pre sident was inatructod to appeal against the valua tion on the property lately acquired bv tho snieiotios. Tho Sandhurst lodgo of tho Urand United Order of Oddfellows wrota desiring to know if sufficient accommodation could bo pro vided at tho dispensary to hold their lodgo meet ings. ' Tho matter was referred to tho ox«cutive committee to report as to tho advisability of form ing a lodge room, which Would also act as a b.iard room. Mr Herman gave notice tiiat he would move at the next meeting " that we take into consideration tho advUability, of nina'gimating the dispensary and modic'al iu«titute." Mr Curnow gave notice that he would move "that inasmuch as the return forms at piosent in u-io are contrary to tho spiiit of rule 15 tliey bo nbolished or am nded." Some routine'bas.ness brought the meeting to a close. St Patrick's Day Celkbr. tion.—At a mooting of tho above committee held on Saturday oveuiug it w,is decided to extend the time of oaterin< fm the principal ovenU till Saturday, 6lh ' March. Reports were received from Captain Dowries as to tho progress of his hurling toam, and thuy wero considered very satisfactory. ' A voto of thauks was passed to Mr J lfrey foi his energies in select ihe tho Myer's Fiat team, :-nd altogether this ovent promises to bo one of the most interesting tint has ever boen brought befo o the Sandhurst public, as tho average age of tha team is over fifty yoirs. In our advertising columns it will be seen that tondera close ou Tuesday evening for tho sole right of publicans' bjoths on 17th of M irch uext, tho day of the sports. : City Polios Court. —Messrs Anderson and Stamp, Js. 1'., pre-ided at this court on Saturday A man named James Darwin was fined 51 with 2s Gd posts, or in default 24 lumrs' imprisonment, for baiug drunk and disordorly. An old offenler named Mary Jane Shaehau, who had be6u a: rested by Constable Henderson for insulting tehavior :n Bri Jgo-sti'eet on the previous evening, was mulcted in tho sum of £f>, or in:default a mon'h in gaol Thoro were twenty previoiii convie ions agaiu-itthi prisoner. In lhe case ofLswis and Dunstan v. Mrs Dillon, goods ITi Ss Id, a verdict was givin for tho amount claimed, with 2s 6J costs.- Tiio c lirt tiion adjourned. i Mr Harkjjess a\d thk Xkw Premier —When addressing the electors on Saturday evening. Mr A. Harknoas, oua of tho candidates for Parlia mentary honors, made some rather severe remarks with'regard th tha now Premier. At his mooting at the Victory Hotel, ha eiid that >f returned ho would not support the new Premier until in inter pretation had been given of certain thin~s men tioned in the programme issued by that gentleman. He said that Mr Gillies was a real crafty politician, and what was stated in tho programme might mean ouo thing from an honest porsou but another from the lion. Duncan Gillioj. Referring to the same subject at his meeting at the White Hills, Mr Harkness said that tho programme could only have been drafted by a clover and accomp'.ished politician. Lady Tkaoheih Association.—A meeting of tho Sandhurst. S-ata Schoo Lady Teachora' As sociation was held at the central school. Camp Hill, on Saturday morning. Miss McCarthy, the vice president, presided, and ttiera was a Rood attendance of members. It was resolved to briu-r five points before tho General Teachora" Union. They have already been considered by the district teachers' general meeting, and they deal with pupil te&chars; p isitions and payment by results. It was also decided to present to the next Par'iament a petition baaring on.these nutters, which was pre sented to the last Government. i'he meeting then' adjourned. "William TellV Viorjitr.-Tha victory of William Toll in tho Newmarket Handicap on Saturday wa9 a good thing for noma Sandhurst re dents. A. young bookmaker here has landed a stake of large amount, represented by four figures, and a well-knowu auctioneer is stated to have won 1:3,000. Oil tho other hand another Sandhurst bookmaker has been "struck" very severely, to tile tune of some thousands. TkusTsk —The appointment of H. Filcock as a trustee of the land temp •rarily reserved on the 24th July, 18tin, as a site t u- Presbyterian Church purposes at Marong, has been approved by tin executive council. Resignation.—The resignation of Albert Ire, a: a truste.i of the Kutinymede Cemoleiy site, has been received by the Executive Council. liOAitn or Advice —Mr W. H. Tregellas has been appointed a member of 1 h > Hoard of Advice for the West Riding of the Sh re of Huntly. Tiia.s^l'ku op Land .Statute.—-Mr Alan M. Meudell, well known in Sandhurst, h is b;en ap pointed to practice as a surveyor u.ider tho Trans fer of Land Statute. Engine drivers' Association.—The usual weekly meeting was hold on Saturday eveni'ig at Hansjn's hntol. Mr K. Little, vice-president, was in the chair. Correspondence was received from Maldon, acknowledging receipt of £."> voted for their assistance; also trom Inglowood, enclos ing payment for four members. One member was elected, and two nominations for memborshio were received. A letter was received from Win Bailey, applying for the sum of t20, in accordance with rules 18 and 19, his father having met with ai acc dent whilst working at Craven's New Chum Company, iu the capacity of engine-driver, which accident finally terminated in his death on the 13eh February. In m iking this application he wished to draw their 't"in to the ! ;1 cf. of his mother b»iug at present in needy circumstances. He had himself been nut of \v>rk >ince Christmas Kve. He might stito that when his father met with the Accident referred to, he was off work for eight we:ks, and did not place himself on the books for benefit, whuh hi was fully entitled to, and certain to have received, had it not been frr his dislike to receive benefit whan he cuild possibly avoid it. He hoped to receive kind con s .deration at as early a date as pract'c ible. Tile doctor's (H. Boyd) certificate stated that John Bailey died from illness, the result of injury met with while following his occupation. The matter wjs icferred to the officers of tho branch for in quiry. Usited Fibe Fbioadks' Demonstration. — This demonstration wi 1 ho held i:i tha .Apricul tnr.il Society's grounds on the lOch. llth and 12th March. Judging from the number of brigades that have entered it promises to Da o-^e ft the bist vet held. It is estim vtod that about three thousand I tirrUien, and one thousand five huudred b.mdsuien will take part. The torchlight procession premises I to be a prand affair. Trains will run at holiday espuraion lares from all stations on the Sth, 9th, IQih an 1 llth, avai'able until the 13th March. Tickets ma^bio^S^ined from Mr A.J. Smith, Death in the Hospital—Mary Leahy, aged 59, admitted on the 5th instant, died on Saturday from fatty degeneration of the heart. The Bourse Abduction' Case.—An Aiyus telegram from Bmrke says: — At a meeting of in fluential Catholic residents on Fnd'iy, it was decided to brine the conduct of Father Hu-pird, the piiest in the la'o abduction c;>ss;, under tiia notice of tha Bi>hnp of Ba'horst. A long tele gram was accordingly *ent to the Bishop, and a reply was shortly afterwards received from hi'r. stating that Fathsr Hurr^ard had been scspssde i, and Katt er Barry appointed to act in hts place temporarily. Ali the intelligent portion of his om ah-jrch strongly disapprove of Father Hug psrd's conduct United Methodist Sabbath School, Inos liAEK.—The anniversary services in connection with the school were he:d yesterday, when three Eermons **era preached. That in the morning by the Rev T. J. P.ivce, of Toolleen, v.-ho selected his text from L:ko, the 1st chapter and loth verse, from which he delivered a very instrurive ad dress, In the afternoon the Kev J. H. Potter orficiated, b'ihly instructive address to the :biidrea, which wa-; weil rec-iveu and duiy | apivc^jatcd, f he evening service was conducted j nsain by the Kev T. j. bayne,ttu:j'4 th? attep- I ! tion of tie Iarjje c^ccurse assembled in a 'mas-kel J manner. ;The scholar; of the t-chool were seated on a platform raised at the end of the bnildin^. I and were tha subject of admiration at each rr-i e( A large and sacred list of recitations, dialc.;rjes; j etc.", Ws» f«o4sr«l ip i> M&Wy; creditable ujapasj )>" tho children. The sin^inp portion was under Jhi able Wiiornhip of Mr M. .Jenkins, nailed :>y Master A. Bisset at the organ,,who presided n un tl'.i.'ieut mt.nner. The tea r.nd public meeting Ri'.l bo lu'M on Wednesday next. Factories' Act. —Tho Factories and Shops' Act zome# into t'orco to day. F.aci.kii.uvk Knci.n'k-dkiveus' Association.— The usual fortnightly mrotiiitf of tho Eaglohawk branch of tho A.M.1C.D.A, was held in tho Camp Chambers on Saturday evening. Mr Tonkin (prosido.it) occupied tho chair, and thoro was a lugo att tid.uice of mombars. A lotto"* was re ceived from the Matdon branch, acknowledging with thnnka tho lecoipt of £2 10^, a donation from tho Eapclehawk branch, and stntinjf tlioy wcro unw ab!o to moot tlioir liabilities. Tlia A.JI.K.P.A. qn rterly levy was passed for payment, and after some uninipoitnnt biHino?s had boon duposod of i lio mooting ndj.iuriied. Intkstatk Kstatk.—Tho curator of inteatato estates has obtained ru!os to administer tho estite nf Aloxr. Duncan, Sandhurst, died 17tll January, 18G6. JWG 19s. Tim B.MilN'oiiur Snow.—Our Maldon corres pondent wri o*:—Tho Baringhup and Maldon Agricultural Show, which takes place ou Woduos day, promisee to bo a groat buccoss. Tho entries riro coming ia freely for nearly all classes, and tlna _no moro than tho committee deserve, for tha prizalist ia an exceptionally good one. Intending competitors aro reminded that entries c!o;o this (Monday) night. •JournkvMen BakkR3.—A general meeting was hold on Saturday evoniug at Webster and Dunuo's UoiTee I'iilaco, Hargroaves-streot. There WA3 a juod attondanc"; Mr Sheehan was voted to tho chair Seven new nieiubjrs were enrolled. Mr M'Wuiro was elected treasurer, and Mr Joseph Tonkins, vicn-pres:dout. A vote of thanks was passed to their friend, a correspondent of the Ad fc'ERTlSEB, "Kipht Hours," for tha interest ho hsd taken on b lulf vt the bakers. Tho meeting then terminated. Secular LKcruRE.—Mr Joseph Symes will de liver a lecture entitled " What does the world owe to tha llible?" in .St. James' Hail this evening. Pkity Lauokny.—A woman giviig the liamo of M;\ry \Va'«, was arrested ou Saturday by Con stable Arundull on a charge of stealiug a hand ww and bed- quilt, tho property of Mrs Williams, residiug 011 Hustler's Hill. The prisoner, who is 1 middle-aged woman, is a stranger in this city. Wlsilo tho oonstablo was making inquiries into tha o :so, ho fouud tli.it about tho commencement if the year she had sold a white qniit, oval centre [■attorn, a good deal worn, an antimicassar and a now kettle. Tie so things are supposed to have been stolen, nnd the police require ownors forthom SCHOOL OF MINES—On Friday evening Dr Philp, the inspector of schools for this district, accompanied by the director, visited the School of Mines when work was proceeding in the class rooms. In the classes conducted by Mr Brown, Mr Nicol, Mr M tear, and Mr Fegan there was a good attendance. Dr Burghard received Dr Philp in the chemical laboratory, and great interest was evinced in the important and in teresting investigations which Dr Burghard has undertaken. Dr Philp stated that he was highly pleased with the manner in which the classes were conducted and with the work done. Mr William Quin, who has charge of the modelling class, ex hibited works of high excellence. Assault and Robiikry.—L:ist night at about 9 /clock, a Wesleyan local preacher named Palmer was returning from Haglehawk whoruhe had been preaching, and as ho was coining through Long jully near tha Chinese Camp, two men who wero Mining along suddenly rushed at him, knocked !iim down and took £2 from him. Mr Palmer can not id litify tho men, but ho states they are of medium height. Theatrical.—Wo learn that tho Royal Princess' rhoatro will bo reopened next week .during the United t'iro Brigades' Demonstration, under the management of Messrs MacMahon, when the aminant Irish comedian Mr Grattan Riggs will inako his reappoaraueo ia Sandhurst after an ib.iouce of many months. Sin.;e his last visit to thin city Mr Iviggs had hc.eu travelling through Queensland, Now South Wales, and South Aus tralia, and has baen every whore received with the greatest , tuccjss. As this genial actor has iilways.been a great favorite with Sandhurst theatra-goBrs, tho forthcoming seas >n should prov • a brilliant"'one. j Mr Boustioro.ladiea* hairdresser, Pall Mall, lias received a l.\r;re cousiigmneut of yooils from Fraucc, which ho u soiling at reduced rates. ' 't'o-day iu the commercial room, Victoria Hotol, at three o'clock, Messrs llolmcs, White and Co., will sell brick premises, known as Dowd's hajr and corn 9tore, situated at Cemetery lload. 1 In our report of the Old Chum Company's half yearly meeting 0:1 Friday last tho mime of Mr. B. Mueller was inadvertently omitted from tho direc tory. 