CHAPTER LXIL EOW THE DEEill CAME TECS. Shnt up alone in her first-olass carriage, Isabel Hyde Buffered an anguish as of lost goals. Fary against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented this horrible end 1 On that fatal night, when she had meant to betray Gertrudeinto flying with Colonel Lennox she had madly lost all by going to London in bis company. She could have remained at the cottage, bribing the woman to silence. She conld have gone to a hotel at Bedmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Ger trude had overthrown all her plans, she hurried to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. , True, she had entered the hotel alone; she had given a feigned name; breakfasted alone, and gone home by that afternoon’s tram. London had been empty of society people; no one recognized her; she supposed that esoapade dead and buried. Now it had come come up like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, which was making a nine day’s wonder at her amazing good fortune._ Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Douglas would fed bitn- . self obliged to explain; Her aunt had_finally cast her off. Her family would be furious at her folly, and the wreck of her prospeots. The glories of DouglaB and Duneddm. grow on her as they vanished out of her grasp for ever. She was taking her last chance. Her one hope was in the help, the; chifalry, the blindness of Lord Castlemaine. : To him she hastened, flying with all the speed of steam through the waning summer ... .j J • Lord Castlemaine and Dootc: uneasily pacing the terraoe. L< had sent his dispatch to Lady one hope lay now in wresting i Isabel Hyde. Every hour seenft be could get on the track of b Btndal were i! id Castlemaine Cresson. His truth from, a year, until i Iranished wife. Up the long avenue dashed a horse, covered with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public honBe hostler. Man and beast were breathless, and covered with dust. The rider held out to Lord Castlcmaine a slip of paper, rumpled and soiled, torn from a note-boolc, and hastily written upon with a lead pencil. Lord Ciatlemaine snatohed the paper and read the lines: 11 Terrible It. It. accident, five miles beyond Eedmoss. A lady in first-olasB car Berionely injured. She is in a state of extreme anxiety to see yon. Come at once. She cannot live out the night." Lord Castlemaine reeled back against Dootor Randal. «• Doctor Randal, it is Gertrude 1” *' Who is the lady ? Hava you nothing else ?” shouted Dr. Itandal. The man was still fumbling in hie pookets. He found the object of his eearoh and handed it over—a card. “ It was in her pocket,” he said. On the card wa3: “ ISAbEL HSCE.” “ Man 1” shouted Lord Castlemaine. •' did you see her ? WaB she dark ?" “ I don’t know—yea—I saw her—yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don’t suffer; but she is gain’fast. You’d better hurry yourself 1” “ Horses 1 horses I” roared Lord Castle mainc; “ the two fastest horses 1” The groomB sprang about in the Btables, and in five minutes two swift, blooded horses, impatient for the road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal. They leaped into the saddles, and were away lika the wind. . . The sun had set; the moon had risen; the world was Btill in tho balm and dew of the summer night; the insects whirred and chirped ; softly from the distant woods oalled the sad whip-poor-will, or chanted the nightin gale ; and still over the broad, hard road thnn dered tho feet of the horses, as Lord Castle maine and his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to die. They reached the place at last—the turn in the road where there had been a collision. Cause—a neglected switch, Marc remote cause—a switch-tender asleep. Still more remote cause—a human being overworked for seven days in the week; given a pittance; shortened hours of rest; length ened hoars of labor. Treated as a man? No; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down; the man falls asleep. Asleep ? Rather into ooma. Who is to blame ? Some one is to blame. See this wrecked train; see all these dead bodies The jnry will blame and punish the switch- tender. High Heaven will blame the company who overworked him; and this blood and'his blood will be required at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried. A couoh has been drawn into the centre of the room, made as easy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already quenching the fire of her great black eyes, and smiting the lately splendid color from the cheek of society’s Rsd Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal entered. “ Isabel,” said Lord Castlemaine, bending to take her hand, “ Heaven only knows how grieved I am to seo yon like this 1” “ You will ba sorry about me, Lord Castle maine ?” said Isabel. " Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that you die so yoneg and so suddenly. “ And you will stay with me until I die V “ Yes, Isabel.” 11 It is more than I conld have expeoted; and it is better. What was there left for me to live for ?” said Isabel. The women of the honse withdrew. Dootor Randal went out and spoke with the doctor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some slight examination of Isabel; more was not needed; her fate was on her face. “ Miss Hyde, do you know your state?” “Yes, I know," said Isabel. “ And what can I do for yon, Isabel, now or hereafter ?” said Lord Castlemaine. “ You can listen to what I have to say,” said Isabel. “ I sent for yon for that. I shall shock yon, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leave me for that." “ I will not leave yon. I have promised.” “ Say, before I begin, you forgive me.” _ “ x—forgive you,” said Lord Castlemaine. “ Think back to when we first met. I know yon liked mo; you liked me better than all the rest; I saw it. At first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Cresson s orders to msko a good match dictated. But I grew to love you. I, who had never oared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, Bisters, friends, I loved for tho first time, and I loved you—oh, how madly I” “HuBh, hash, Isabel 1” said Lord Castle maine, deeply pained. “ It is too late to mind now, said Isabel, “ Let mo go on. You never spoke or acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped—until yon met Gertrude, and ion loved her at once, when yon had known ie so long 1 I tried to win you away, bnt \ u unheeded my efforts to charm yon; you , -e not to be won. I hoped to the last— oped until I stood first btides-maid at your wedding, and there I swore to part you—at any price.” “Isabel 1 Isabel! are you mad?” cried Lord Castlemaine. “This is the bonr of truth. I pretended strong friendship for yon both. It waa love for you, hate for her.” “ Jly poor Gertrude I" moaned LorffCaetle maine. “ She was wax in my hands; so were you, I made the little quarrels between yon; I made you jealous, and roused her pride, and made her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told her yon were meanly jealons, and that he was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be, and she never knew it. I forced them together. I saw he loved her; she never dreamed of it. I asked him to lunch at yonr house; I arranged the tableaux I I telegraphed him to meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned himalt her letters from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he' should see her. I planned meetings which were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend—only that—just as oool and calm to him aB a woman of snow.” _ _ “ Oh, Gertrude, my darling!_ my injured darling l” wailed Lord Castlemaine. “ Gsrtrnde furiously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to see him again. He wrote tec—the only time. In her distress she bnrned the letter, fearing your jealous rage. It waa to me she told vour threat of separation, your order to go to East dale. It was I who painted to her" the dis grace of separation. I told her you would rob her of her child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we oould hide in the South of France until you oame to her terms. I had hired the oarrisge, brought it to the ' Nun b’Gate.’ I put the glove, pioture, and handkerchief of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight exause, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover—to Calais—before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never item innocent, and you would divorce her. I hoped yon would turn to me. I cannot tell how it was—I had led, ruled Gertrude all along—at the moment I left her in the car riage Bhe took her future into her own hands. The carriage dashed off farioiisly. She was in it alone. Colonel Lennox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night journey with him has sinoeproved my destruction. I was seen, recog- * (To hi centinutd.). 