AN UNFINISHED STORY. Br JESSIE BENTON FREMONT. "Come here and see the picture I have found," called a sweet, positive voice; "just hero--now, is not that good? Colour, figure, and sugges tion all so harmonious," and the little lady, herself a I'oissonior for diminu tive size and exquisite finish, com manded to her side all but the one she considered "picture like." She was required not to move, while the rest, grouped by the curtained entrance of the great drawing-room, made their affectionately admiring comments on one of those happy accidents which sometimes outdo the bestefforts of skilled "compositions." Alltho guests hadloft exceptone whowasnottoretnrn for some days yet to her country home, and now, the family alone, the most pleasant part of each one's evemnng had been told over and resulted in a whole of entire satisfaction with the dinner as a success. The foreign travellers for whom it had been made werehonestly delighted; a man whose own, charming dinners, gave him a right to be fastidious had beon equally pleased, and the lovely girl had felt she was lovely and found so, and the young host and hostess frankly said .they had forgotten they were at home, and found all as delightful as though they were guests and in no way responsible. Quite the best of a home party is tihe talking it over after it has proved a success, and so there followed a pleasing talk which led on into the night. The house was all hushed; the ser vants had put out the larger lights, leaving only some shaded lamps. These toucied up softly beautitul effects made by artistic furniture, pic tures, bronzes, and china, and some admirable tapostries- everything that large land cultivated taste can bring together:. A. sense of space and dept was' given by large mirrors, but these were so masked by plants and drpe ries as to be unobtrusive and only do their duty of repeating and blending all this in irregular charming vistas. Thus repeated and softened was "the picture;" a low sofa with gold fringed dark velvet and tall -palms stroetching their fan-like boughs abbove it; on tlhe low table beside it, rising from a mass of hyacinths and roses was a porcelain lamp, whose shaded globe made a centre of tender lightin the rich gloom of the noble room. On this sofa their cherished friend, "Ma Reino,"' as it pleased them to call her, was half lying, the elbow resting on the cushions and the head upon the hand. Head drooped, and chook upon the hand, Thoughtfrul she wams, and somowha~t sad. The dark velvet, the green canopy of the palms, the soft, falling dress of black satin harmonised with the silveor ]hair ,tnd "ssthetically white" face, new for themoment restored to colour and youth by the flesh tint of silk lamp shade. "Don't move. Let me get the tones of thlat light thrown up against the green and down upon Ma Reine's glistening hair." The Meissonier paints, and paints well. Her delight in this unpremedi tated tableau was that of tho artist as well as of a loving friend, and she per omptorily asserted no one should move; that all were fresh and amused, and "theright kind of day never began any way until near midnight." The. Meissoiiir's fortunate owner put himself into a luxurious cavern.of a chair, asked permission (?) and be came'completly content as the thin smoke curled frm his lips. Presently, " What changed your expreesion and 'put you to thinking when Beessie id you were ialready a series of plictures to her ?" This observing man has nearly the second sight. :-It is as well td tell him what hc perceives. tah -. Ma Reino answe rd that the words '"a series of pictures" brought back a strange superstition which for years had had part in her life. " This is just the time for tolling," joyfully exclaimed the little woman, Scurling herself into a ball of comfort -a downy white ball eof soft stuffs and lace and satin ribbons surmounted by the brown head with frank, brown eyes. " Oh, this is delightful.. I begin to feel creepy'- (pestling into more comfort),- ?Now begin. Mna Reiie's low Souithern voice began: , SOnce upon a time I was young. Something 3ust'as inn fairytale, had Squite suddenly" rubbed out' all aeed to wait, to think or 'plan or mnake any "effort: but 'we had'oily to wish, and oir wishes:came true. And it was we that made ib a- good fairy tale, becauie for nAlong timo'she' satablone in her tower,'while ':he ' was.awnay in danger and hardships and loneliness. "Then came this sudden and great change, and it was so lilioke a fairy tale that he went off to a far country, where we need not be reasonable, but just let our fancies guide us. " For a long happy year we stayed there. On the map it has another name, and to most people it is only Paris, but for that year it was to un 'fairy land.' "We oung; were yon; had such perfection of health as is given to few; we were not bad to look at, and we had but to wish and every wish was filled. I think we had not one draw back. "Wc lived quite apart in a small chateau in its own grounds on the Elysian Fields, and for a long time we kept free from visits-making none and risking no break in this ideal existence. We did not need people-so many noble pleasures were open without us. "In such dream-like lifo it was .natural that even dreams should be come beautiful, and in those days this dream came to me: An album-like book was given to me, and in the form less, voiceless manner of dreams I was informed that in that was pictured my future life. The earlier pages were blank. All that, about a fourth of the book, being known to me, those leaves were left untouched. Not every page, but here and thore at irregular intervals, a water-colour would fill a page. This,. I under stood, portrayed some scene to come. Each was so stamped into my brain that I could have reproduced them with the brush had I been an artist; to my own people I did in the telling and writing of' them. They were so distinct . and beautiful that no detail has left my memory yet. Two were of public and national im portance, and were made real by events most unforseen and unlikely; and no one, altogether personal, was equally the foreshadowing of a crisis inmsmyife. Therewere others, gentle and encouraging, but the last picture in the album impressed me most, be cause it was the last. " And after three of these had been verified by living facts, do you won der I gave faith to this closing scene ? " It was a room it a country house, which, as Hood says of his' Haunted House,' 'was.but a habitation, not a home;' but house, room, and all ac cessories were English,inthe cointry, and not modern. "A plain, square room with two windows, having a tall mantelpiece of wood, where, on the bricked hearth, a small fire burned; between the un-. curtained windows was a solid-look ing dark wood dressing,bureau with a. longish narrow.mirror swinging be-. t-weentwo carved supports. .A bed stead of dark wood• with tall, carved posts, the square framne connecting them having a frill of light curtain stuff attached, and' the same about the lower part of the bed. A white coverlet was spread quite and over the bed, whichi was soft and, yielding, and gave only in partial relief the long, straight, still figure: which lay under the cover. "One hand had been uncovered and lay, stiff and ivory white, near thohead of a man kneeling beside the bed, his head clenchedl between his own hands and sunk in the. yielding surface of the bed. "What was strange, the same man \--in each form; only the back was ahown-stood by the mantelpiece, his head bowed upon one arm "which rested upon it, while the other arm. hung listlessly, wearily. His form :.expressed exhaustion. but without struggle; not resignation, but sub misslion." "'Erom the windows' could be seen an! avenue .of trees, ivind-swept and ragged, leading to'water fitfully shown bu moonlight struggling with black "The room was in dim fire and candle light. "That was all. "But' so vividly did it impress us thatfor years, when travelling min places likely to have such a room or, such a view, we turned from any poiint recall ing this dream picture. " .: ' ' Once in the- Austrian Tyrol we found so charming an inn near a small 'lake that we would go no further. Everything there pleased us. En6ugh rooms could not be ready until later, but one was given us meantime and a goodbreakfast, and we went of for a long sunny day; some to climb the glacier-topped mountain, some to idle in a boat on the still, blue lake, and. the clover one to be set ashore with sketching traps-each to follow, their own will, and meet for the late'dinner. Our rooms were ready then, and mine was a delight from its profusion of carved oak'furniture. "But that ' dream picture' had become a family superstition,. aind whdn:one of us saw a line of wind broken trees leading to the. lake, anbd conibined'that with the carvedhbed stead;, no reasoning woiuld havegotten me permission to stay in that 'roori.' "I: took another, muich less fine, to the bewildernient of the 'landlady'; butrwe hit upon the idea of saying it' was avow I had tofulfil, edt to sleep ina bed of that sort.' "It was just after this Tyrol' epi sode that; returning to' Ameica, I wont .for a few days to 'Annapolis; Tis old Maryland city:is so different from our shiny new towns, it is sucha bit of still life left us from colonial days, that if you need a batlh o reopose go there. Ionce sointa young architect there, to make useful studies foi his orders for country seats; but 'his 'patrons had more monoey than taste or knowledge. ',There is a whole' Queen Anne' 'town; ind real Elizabethan mansions; of richl. red brick, brought over in Queen Anne's day- the"- brick now mellowed,, to softest tones; end all eimbroidered by weather stains, while whole gables Sre dense- walls of century-old: ivy; avenues of Lombardy popli-s have been changed .into huge colimnis by. the ivy .which has strangled and. shrouded them; while the large old court-house, too respectable .to be called.to account for its sins of archi tebture, enshrines fragments of 'our , early history .which .bring emotion to even .a blase mind; the desk by which Washington stod wheni he made his roeinnciation of' power; and 'on, which he rested his. hand, when, silent from fooling, he could :not:respond to the :heartolt words of praise: given him by the pre siding oflicer; and caused that ohfficial to say thmse other true words: 'There is no need for you to speak, Mr. 'Washington; we all know your modesty is only equalled by your bravery.' "Above this bit of memorable mahogany are theoir two battloflags, placed their .by Washiigton and Lafayette-our modest little thirteen stars, new-born and friendless, crossed by the historic royal white field and gold lilies of the Bourbons. " Queen Anne herself, gave to the old church its fine communion service and the chime of bells, which still tell in silvery sweet tones the uneventful hours of a town 'finished a hundred years ago,' and whoso profound quiet of stagnation makes Annapolis un American. "Always on other visits I had gone to a delightfully well-kept, quiet liouse, where my special- midshipman' could bring classmates, and have the f~eelingof b'eing out of bounds. The Naval Academy is every way more cionsiderate for youth than the obso Ibte exactions of West Point, where rio return to family life is permitted the cadet. : "This time, going with my usual certainty, .I found the house closed, because of a death in the family; but Mrs. G. had sent a servant to the station to take me to the best quarters she could substitute. " There my young people met, and as my room was not quite ready we kept at table, and after in the cheer ful, warm parlour, until it was time for them to rush back to the Yard before the gates closed. "I was tired and quickly ready for rest. The room, too, was not warm. Only an intended fire of green wood smouldered in the large fireplace, and the two candles gave but ittle light. There was.no fire at all in the small room opening from mine, where my maid was to sleep, and when I was undressed she wrapped herself in a warm plaid and asked permission to stay in my room and finish something she was reading, as she was not sleepy. I was glad to keep her, for I felt up set, and I always liked her abouit me. Some people have the property 'of soothing, as others have the quaity.of rumpling, all one's feelings. In?ll the long time my Ipoor Sarahl was with me she fitted in harmoniously. "This night I was not myself. It. had been a shock to find what sorrow had come to Mrs. G.'s family.. I *is' 'out of my bearings,' and Anna~polis was having the unusual experience of a snow, storm, and the chill damp penetrated houses only prepared for: mild winters. The snow was" dvo~i" but black masses of 'cloud contended with a cold moon. I'couldnot warm,; even in bed, but lay. awake, idly watching through the. uncurtained windows the hurrying clouds and the wind-tossed trees.., Sarah, in the red Scotch rug, was a comfortable object;. the dark wood of the tall bureau be tween the windows made a good back ground for' this: patch' of' colour. S3he had coaxed thefire until at last some life had come Ito it, aid as it soent up more 'light I noticed the very haiidsome carving of. ihe ;ligh-bed posts. : 1 : "' Quick' as a lightning flaish it'all. came back to me! "Every detail was there. The furniture, identical in shape and hangings, the high wooden mantle piece, the windows,.looking down a ragged avenue to water--the Chesa Ipeake Bay' lay 'at the foot of that slope-only I was alone and the figures of the two men were wanting. "With oiie spring 'I ies o?itof that bed andholding on to th6. startled Sarah. ' "' Sarah,' I said, 'this is the room I am to die in.' "She had travelled with us and knew the story. "One wild look of recognition, and Sarah faintedgawy.y.Habit, stronger than this horror, seaita lastthought. for my comfort. '.. : "' You're in your 'iare fee~t, and a mutter about ' taking cold' (as though that mattered when one was about to dio.) ' .. . . ..'' " I laid her'on'the red .rug, and from the travelling bag got the little brandy flask, but it was long before she roused fully. " We kept very quiet, for we had been. told there was a very young. baby in a room near. But we made. ready for the worst. VWe put out one candle, to make our lights last; we cherished 'our small provision of.wood. Idresscd and we puit onour wraps. I:wrote a longlotter of farewell to my home people-actually I did; and I cried plentifully as I wrote. Sarah held .on to me, -crying softly. and' saying continuous prayers; telling her beads, with some trouble,:as she would not let go my gown, or, when I stopped writing.my hand. ' It was all very real, and as terrible as reality to I us; aitd: I; had no more reasbn tha~t hight than my good, affectionate, un learned maid. We were just two women, scared. With' the,day and ·tlie sun .came aclearer .hbad. " But I:cunt my-visitshort and Went' hdme by the first train, after seeing mi midshipman. I could laugh (a little), but he, having grown' up to this story, had respect for.it." " ' You must get out of this as fast as you.cn,.an d. say'i notliing ibout it, but you can't stay:here another night,' anrid there is no.other place,.'" •' My home people did not laugh at inme. We all had a 'sbrt of sriile--a wet variety, howeer-?as the night 'of derror was told over. The good of it was that the dream.had been met face i to face and was over and exploded. ' That ghost was laid.' S'"Afterward :I: ldfrhed : thit' that room had had the 'sual modern fur niture, but when 3'lrs. G.; s'oii for. a room for me, iin their -desiifre to treo me well, this fahnily hiad.remo?.ed whlat was in the place, 'and taken muhli trouble' to set: up: these' handsome mahogany things -belonging' to their' grandfather, a Welshman, long since deord, who had brought it from Eng lanid. .. .. ' Fr'omi that caimo -the. delay '.i'i ishowing me tf~tofi~'f'yl'oii iiutil it w?e late, and I hitrrying .o goet t6 fsieqp otherwise I'iiiist. hve notic'edf?t:and I shouild have goi~io dofi t?o'tlihe' Yird and asked hospitality froin some f I th' oflicrs' families.: :. " I am all one shiver and creep,' said the little kind-hearted Meissomor and you really tdevor'icar'iied'?"' Much smoke was comning from the disciple of St. Thomas.- Hie is clear and logical, and without pity in over throwing belihefs, only his loexicon does not contain 'th'it word--for b'elaioef he reads proof. But" he .is wise and practiced, anid most kind in the care of janugled nerves and troubled breath. Hoe lmew this was no case of dyspopsia nor morbid dwelling on a fancy. Iio looked, 'ind puffed; "Oh, pshaw! we have to be up and at it again to-morrow, and it's toolate nowto think. You have tallked yourself wide awake, and must have a'littro bromide, and so must you," to his wife. "But the two nien ?" she insisted, like a child who goes on questioning down into the bottom of its stories "themen were not there. And two men who are' the same is something too, too dreamy ." Ma Reine hesitated, and then, "they would come after--. And have you not tbld me that whien they are together, seeing only the back, you could not tell father and son apart ? " All were standing, abou~to separate for what was left of thie ight. "My story is not quite finished, she said. " Just a little more. You know why, for reasons of health,Ihadtolookup a place inland and in mountain air for the' Winter months; that I vas.so pleased with all the advantages of the place I did. take that, going over it. with the owner, I was satisfied and decided on a rapid inspection; and you know iPt has proved as health giving as we hoped. "The house is large and oddly built. There are many more rooms than we can use. Only after 'we were installed did I go ~thoroughly through them. We do notuse the third floor, but'it has a large room looking east,., of. which I had the shutters.fastened back to let in the morning sun' always; . "Prom this window isa view to near hills, at whose feet runs a rapid mountain river, which in high waters is oi1t ever in the meadows, gleaming blue and lake-like. Theroad leading to the river is bordered by a double line of tall old locust trees. i' fine any tree mere: brittle and ragged than old locust trees! In that room is a very fine hand? somely carved old bedstead of mahog any. The posts hare been sawed off part way, but the reminder of. these carved posts, with the coninecting fram'e for the top, are in a lumber room above the carriage hou~6 'The bureau is of dark miahdginyKwith, a long, narrow mirror between sup ports. The propeities are. agin ued, and the father andson,whaose res ari es alike,are both there. Tle whole counhty-side keeps the, ;tanip .of its early colonial English' settlement. 'The very name of our way station is from an English family of that date. "And," she said, "I must go back there." "C Come," said St. Thomas; abiriptly. "'Charley 'will you put-out the lights?" '" But is the storyr fnishdid' 