]i c (B¶3ipp[;tub tim1s. FRIDAY, AUGUST 1:'. 1880. We are compelled to hold over leading and other matter this issue. The fraud summons, calling tip II. Alfril Luke, late the registered proprietor of the Sale M?ercur!y, for examination as to his means of paying the amount of the judgment and costs obtained againlt him at tlhe last County Court here in a t ase of liel bIrouliht by Thomas Martin, a blootntker, wase hlerd before MAr .lJustice WVilliam in chambers at Melbourne on \Vedicla 1iy L, t. The exami nation of defendrant. whi:hi is given in full elsewhere, diicloed an e-xtralrdinary state of things, aln gives fir to prove that insteadl of ani aenrliitent of the liw of libel heiwl required iin tihe lilectieon of protectingZ "the innocent ne-ttlpaper proprietor," it wtould le nmuch more to the purplll- if the public re ceived some little conidellration at the hands of "juitice ae:ordinge o law." A perual of our rep?ort will conv\illce the readler itllho has the l?at eldoubt on this imatter that the character anl reputattion of every -ton and Hloman in the coullltry are at the mlerey of anyollne who controls a newsppaper, anti are exs -ll at any momllletlcl te al -t: diefamatory attacks of lten, swho, i tile pre-l-t tate of the laow, are virtually irre-ponsible. andl from whilom l reparation ctn be obtlinelld. The farcts brotuht out in this case are well worthy the conidltration of the legielature when Dr. Qoick s New-paper Act Amtendenlct Bill comes tip for dliscnsion, awl they also clearly illite-trate tih extrerely defective state of other laws affecting social antl cotnmercitl relatione. A secon- l (;ippeland ca.e. :n interpl'eoader, the result of t'e action II'Crinlle v. I:ust, came before Mr Justice W'illiame in cham hoers on Veilneisday. The plaintiff obtained judglt.ment in the action. The sheriff, acting for the execution creditor, went to seize a lhorse at defendant's pretmises. Mrs Iust claimed the animal, stating that sie had per Scha-ed it with her own lmoney, and that her 1 usband wouldl only run the horse for her in an en?uie- trottivlog itch it Sale. His SHIleor --aid le hlad nll odoubt tht the claimn ant was the owner of the horie. Owing to a "it lega nicety," however (says the 1Hrirabl). SHiis ifonor directed the isoue to be tried ; t before a judge and jury, Mr George H. Wise, the retiring mayor of the Borough of Sale, gave the customary atnual official dinner on Tuesday evening last, at the Club Hotel. - As is usual on these occasions, the announcement of the selection of their new chairman by tile council was made, their choice having again unanimously fallen upon Cr. Wise. The toast of Cr. Wise's health was very warmly received by the as-cmblage, lwho congratulated himl upon his being elected to the offllice of chief mnagis. trate of the borough for the third time in surccesion. The c.aterin, of Mr T. lHunter, the new proprietor of thc Cloub Hotel, was most excellent, and well sustained the reputation which this house has carted for itself lIuring so many years. Mr iftnter had toC work under considerable dilficmttiutes, on account of the extensive repairs and im 'oVemtllllts tnorW being lmade, and he ha o nt te highly complimented upon the perfection of the table arrangements, which were spoken of in terms of high appreciation by the guests. We have received the following municipal election returns by telegraph from our correspondents:-I-airnsdale Slire. -Central riding, Mr Goolti, 420; Mr Poss, 109i. Tra ralgon Shire.-Ccutral riding, lMessrs Mill anti Walker tied, each polling the samls nttm her of votes. West riding,. Ar English, 210; Air Forsyth, 130. Auditor, Mr Say was elected. At the meeting of the borough council last night, three weeks' leave of absence was granted to tihe gas manager. Mr P. M'Farlane, of Parings Park, Deni son, kindly informs is that the rainf.ll registered by him at various times since the beginning of this month is as follows : August 22nd, 26 points ; Sth, 13 points : 9th, 10 points; 12th, 16 point ; total, ii points. At Sale the observations have been : Augsot 3rd, 31 points ; Oth, I points : 10th, 7 points ; 12th, 25 points; tottal, 7t points. The Sale. returns for the whole of August last year was 145 points. Tihe Sale United Minstrels will play a benefit for the Gippsland Hospital at the Toongabbie nmechanies' hall this evening. As will im seen by the advertiemeot in another columlnn, a first- class programme h.ls been arranged, andl we do not doubt there will be a large attendance. A ball will be helt after the concert. AMr W. H]. Leydon has been appointed bandmaster to the Sac borough lihad Tl'his gentleman has gained a high reputation in the musical world, and we understand he was for a considerable period solo clarionet player and head of the Australian hand, as well as founder and master of the Carlton and district hand. aMr Leyden also hohla first class credentials, so that we may conl gratulate our local band upon securing so competent a leader. The only case le.fore the Tr.tralgon police court on Wednesday was that of Cuddy v. Balfour, to recover £9 12a Gi for feeding sheep. A set off was pleaded. Mr Bushe appeared for plaintiff, and after the court had spent ablnt an hour in trying to un ravel the complications of the case, plaintiff stated that he had doubled hii charges in one item Ieing from £7 10s to £15, as he thought he was not going to be paid. Mir Bushe, as well- as the court, appeared pretty well astonished at this statement. Tie mystery being now solved, an order' was made in complainant's favor for £14s ld, but no costs were allowed. The police have received information as to a person having been seen between Warragul and Yarragon, Gippsland, whose description closely answers that of a fugitive from New Zealand named John Caffrey, swho is charged with having murdered IRobert Taylor, at the Great harrier Island, New Zealand, on June 10\. Caffrey, in company with fHesry A. Penn. is salleged to have deliberately shot Taylor, wnho was a fanner on the island mentioned, and then sailed away in a cutter, the Sovereign of the Sae,, of which Caffrey was master. The New Zealand police sus pected that they wouhl sail for some Aus tralian port, and £200 wias offered as a rc wtard for their apprehension. Calfrey is des crihed (says the Argnus) as a native of New Zealand, about 36 years of age, Sft 7in "in height, stout, about 12st. in weight, with brown hair, freckled face,' and Irown mno atache, and he hI a scar on his left eyebrow, and a star tattooed on his right forearm and an anchor on the left. The Sovereign of the Seas is a cutter of 29 tons register, with white holwarks, through wlich runs a yellow stripe, Her hull is black, and her name.is. painted in Ilack on othli bows -ind on the stern. Site is very fast, having won several races at the Auckland Regatta. The vessel is the property of Mesrs. Henderson and Spraggon, of Aucklapd. A sharp watch is being kept by the police for the man, who was seen on the Gippsland line. A huingy accident occurred at the con clusion of the Heyfield sports on Monday. Messrs M'Donald and Cole, with Constatle Priestly. when returning were driving a spirited pair, including the celebrated trotter " Teuclyde," when they began kickingand bolted, smashing the vehicle to atoms, but doing no further damage. Some boys from Maffra eaptured the truants (says the Spec tator) and restored them to the Jshus. The match between tile Australian Eleven and Warwickshire has been abandoned in conscquenceo of the inclemency of the weather precenting tile continuance of tile second day's play. The third match against an All England eleven commenced yesterday.. Accounts will be payable at tile Strat ford receipt and pay office to-day for T. Lloyd andli the Avon shire conneil. There are also accounts at the Sale office for it. W. A'Bratncy. A. M'Lean, A. Maedonald, J. A. .leid, S. Wilson and T. Thomson. Tihe annutal meeting of the Upper Maffrta cricket club is announced to be held to morrow evening at half-past 7 o'clock. a!rilitchell, hairdresser, l:aymoonl-street, directs attention to his ghost story which appears in our adlvertising columns. AIr J. Knox, of the Metropolitan Hlotel, laffra, elsewhere invites tenders, returnable by 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 24th inst., for the purcnhase and remsoval of thie pretcsnt police 1quarters at IHleyfield. Tendtlers are elsewhtere invrited for lveaiog on tribste the Great Success Q. M. Com pany's property at DCptftord. a'articul.tr. may be obtained on appllication to .r J. iK. Snmith, tihe legal nmanager. S tirlnslalnt. Goods arrirvcd at thie -:le ra;ilway statilon yestrdtay for Morri-, Jensens and Co., Lyotns, Stprod, Jamnes, \I'l)onahtl, Coiey, Irwin, ftearc., Ilvynor, Ter nerry. ('loes Bros., Lonx fordl, Trelir, Sor1tctoss, Quintn atd Croft and1 Dahlscsn. Mir 1). 1'tIulltan, of the Cosmopolitan iHouse, SIaymtontl-ctrect, nale, haos tti notify to the public that he is now holing a linal cleatritg sale, as it is Ini intention to gise np IbusiCness and leave thie district as soon acs he has disposed of his stock.- LoIuar.--If. J. icrlHnterie toes nt,t keep ald watclhe-, iand, iitherefore cttnot sell thim. .A gotd watch is a faittftl frient. Herlterto's silver luttilng EI'ali-h lecatS, £3. II. J. Ihrsltrrtn, prasticnl watchmtts .ther, atle, anid hit Bourke-strct, MIbournct,--.li:. 