VITAL ORTHODOXY AT ROME AND ABBOAD. The above is the title of the new series of lectures by Joseph Cook, the concluding one of which appeared in the last issueB of the Colonist. This, to our mind, has been one of the moBt useful and important of all the couises of lectures which Mr. Cook has delivered from the platform of Tremont Temple, Boston. In these lectures Mr. Cook voices the great doctrines of salvation to which the heart of the Christian Church has been true in all ages, the faith of Protestant Christendom to-day, the vital truths which earnest and godly souls the world over have found good to live by, and equally good to die by. When we find one of the ablest, most cultured and scholarly mou of the day, after the widest and most careful study, declaring his adherence to evangelical doctrine, the rank and file, who have not the time and opportunity for enquiry and examination, and who have the inward witness only to sustain their faith, may well thank God and take courage. The first lecture discusses Saving Faith, which the lecturer defines as confidence in God, leading to total and affectionate surrender, adoring allegiance, acceptance of the whole truth, the performance of God's will, etc., or confidence in God as revealed in Christ leading to adoring self-surrender to Him as both Saviour and Lord. Man's Part in Conversion is next discussed, and is defined by Mr. Cook as attention to religious truth and self-surrender to it. The man who yields to the best light he has will receive more light, is Mr. Cook's contention ; the case of Horace Bishnell being quoted as an instance of this. No man, he concludes, can affectionately accept God, or God in Christ as both Saviour and Lord and not find beneath his spirit the everlasting arms. Over against man's part in conversion the subject of the next lecture is God's part in conversion. God knocks at man's door. If any inan will open God will enter. In seven ways God knocks : through nature, history, conscience, heaven, hell, Christ, and the Holy Spirit. He could not do more without forcing the human will; the responsibility of opening, of saying yes or no, rests with man. Naturally the next step in the way of salvation is the Mediator, and this is considered under the title of Christ, the way, the truth, and the life. The atonement Mr. Cook defines as that sacrifice of the God-man which involves the whole ground on which God is justified and satisfied, and the chief motive by which He is actuated in directly blessing sinners. After quoting such passages as " He suffered for our sins, the just for the unjust." "He put away sin by the sacrifice of himself,"' etc., the lecturer declares that they constitute a theory of the atonement broad enough to make it certain that it is a sacrifice. A sound theory of the atonement must be true to all the facts of conscience and to all the facts of Scripture. It mu3t not be trithtrstic ; it must be justified by its fruits in universal Christian experience, and must be in harmony with other accepted facts of revelation and science. The orthodox theory of the atonement he holds to fulfil these conditions. This, it seems to us, is the point on which the whole Christian system turns. The atonement is the foundation truth on which Christianity rests, and if Christ's death was not a sacrifice for sin, if He was not redeemer as well as a teacher, He is reduced to a better sort of Buddha, and His religion to a better sort of philosophy—Gospel there is none. Mr. Cook holds that the ultimate ground of the atonement is God's love, not His justice, that the blood of Christ id man's only hope, while at the same timo there is no effective propitiation apart from repentance and faith. Having dealt with the question of man's reconciliation to God, Mr. Cook goes on to deal with questions relating to the unity of believers,preachers and preaching, and the church. Lecturing on the topic Evangelical Unity in the Essentials of Faith, he holds that theessentials of faith are three, the necessity ot the New Birth, the necessity of the Atonement, and the necessity of Repentance in this life. Truly this is a sufficiently brief creed to satisfy the most inveterate creed hater, and yet comprehensive enough to include all who claim to be Christians. Behind Baptism lies the doctrine of the New Birth, and behind the Lord's Supper lies the doctrine of the Atonement. It is vitally important to maintain unity in regard to the three doctrines mentioned, because they are the truth, because Unity is necessary to the fullest development of believers unto one church militant, and also in the conflict with unbelief, in missions, and evangelistic effort, and because only such unity fulfils Christ's prayer that His followers may be one. The Divine life in all Christians proceeds from one source only, the indwelling of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, and since all Christians have but one Divine life, they are therefore all one. No conquest of the world by Christianity can take place until Christ so unites all believers as that these three essentials of Christian faith shall be made pillars in the church militant, pillars which no one attacks, pillais which no one dreams of overthrowing, pillars rising from earth to heaven ; the necessity of the new birth, of the atonement, and of repentance in this life. A very important topic is the subject of the sixth Iccture, viz., the Agreements of the Foremost Evangelists in all Ages. No more important question for preachers and Christian teachers can exist than this ; what truths have been most blessed of God in the conversion and regeneration of men ? Is there some particular doctrine or class of doctrines which has always, when faithfully preached, led men to forsake sin and lead new lives ? Are there special conditions under which SUCCBEB in evangelistic work has been secured 1 If so, how Important that all who seek the moral regeneration of their fellows should observe those conditions and preach those truths. Mr. Gook contends that the fore- most evangelists in all ages have been alike in being men of faith and of the Holy Ghost. They have received this power by attention to religious truth " and self-surrender to it. They agree in preaching; the three essentials of the Christian faith—the necessity of the New Birth, of the Atonement, and of immediate Repentance. They agree, also,, in being men of prayer, humility, and boldness, who preach largely from their own experience, and use special measures to lead men to immediate decision for God. These facts constitute a reason why Christians should "be no more children, tossed to and fro and carried about with everv wind of doctrine." We have beneath our feet the solid rock of ascertained and proved truth if we will but open our eyes to see it, and keep ourselves fixed upon it and rooted in it. The subject of tha seventh lecture is the Methods of the most successful Ministers. This by a wide deduction Mr. Cook finds to be co-operation with God. The initial point in such co-operation is attention to religious truth and self-Burrender to it—attention to all religious truth and surrender to all of it—and then in relation to every department of a preacher's mission and work, co-operation with God. In cooperation with God the preacher will make largo use of the few great fundamental, self-evident religious truths, notably the three essentials of the Christian faith already alluded to. Whether preachers are co-operating with God or not they may know by the fruits of their teaching in prolonged experience, by the deep and abiding peace of the soul in the presence of all the truths of revelation and all the self-evident truths o£" reason, by the common consent of regenerated, souls, by the opposition of the world and the flesh, and by the approval of the Holy Spirit. The last lecture has for its theme The Church for the Times, which, according to Mr. Cook, must be the Church of Reality or the Church of God. This church must proclaim the doctrines which have formed the subjects of previous lectures, and must call met?, to immediate surrender to God. The fulfilment of these conditions promotes growth, while shrivelling is the result of their absence. There are churches of the times and churches for the times. Mr. Cook as a layman confesses that churches of the times are in most cases the result of the influence of laymen. If the shrivelling and growing churches could be ascertained it would be found that the former are churches of the time?, and the latter churches for the times. These lectures afford much food for thought to both preachers and people, and we are thankful that we have been able to give our readers the benefit of them. They will shortly appear in book form and certainly deserve to have a permanent place in. every library. Preachers especially would do well to give them verycareful study. If the principles thevcontain are put into practice they will result in tlitt best kind of success—the preacher will save himself and those who hear him. THE TOTALIZATOR BILE has passed its second reading in the Assembly by a majority of eight. Of course the measure is not yet law ; it may be modified in committee, and afterwards thrown out by the Council. We cannot, however, refrain from expressing our surprise that so large a majority (8)- could have been found in favour of this machine. There can be no allowance of any kind made for those members who have on this occasion given their votes for the legalization of gambling, for the Totalizator has been tried and found wanting. It was abolished by a former Parliament because ofc the acknowledged evils connected with its use. ItB character is well known, and it i3 not now pretended that it will diminish gambling, but that ifc will enrich the racing clubs and improve the breed, of horses. We are taught in a certain old book that men are of more value than cattle, and that ifc. is more important to improve the breed of men. than of animals. We are, however, now taught & different doctrine, and men are to decay that horses may grow. We have nothing to say against horses,, not even against fast horses, but men are getting faster than horses nowadays ; and if men go on - deteriorating, and horses go on improving, we shall eventually find the horses running the men, and not the men the horses. No doubt multitudes o£ men will be ruined in this life and sent to hell in the next if this Bill should become law. The blood of these souls will be upon those who voted with Mr. Rounsevell, who, though they may be able to retain their seats in Parliament, cannot escape the judgment of God, even though for a pretence thoy may make long prayers. OURSELVES.—We have just completed the publication of Joseph Cook's new series of lectures, which have been unusually important and interesting, and we have reason is believe have been received with appreciation by our readers. This week we publish the first instalment of a serial story,"The preacher's daughter," by Miss Barr, a young and talented author whose writings have of late attained deserved popularity. We also give this week a tract which has excited considerable attention at home, entitled " Seven rules for daily living.'* Next week we shall publish a remarkable sermon by Dr» Parkhurst, of New York. We propose to lay ourselves out each week to gire our readers something well worth the price of the paper for the whole year. Will they show their appreciation of our efforts in recommending the paper to their friends to so extending the circle of our usefulness SUBSCRIPTIONS RECEIVED.—As we are now giving receipts to all our subscribers, we propose to discontinue publishing a list of subscriptions received. Will our friends accept this intimation, and should thoy fail to receive a receipt will they kindly advise us P Accounts have now been rendered for all arrears, and also for all amounts due in advance to date. We should esteem ifc a favour if all our patrons would in future endeavour to pay in advance. We believe in cash payments, and should be glad to convert all our readers to a similar faith. CALIFOENTA'S FBUIT PBODTJCTION.—The fruit production of California is something wonderful. During 1885 she produced in raisins over 9,000,000 pounds, on three times as much as in 1884. She also sent to market last year 1,500,000 pounds of prunes, 1,823,000 pounds of apples, 1,900,000 pounds of peaches, 1,139,000 • pounds of plums, 650,000 pounds of apricots, 2,250,000 pounds of honey, 1,250,000 pounds of walnuts, and 1,050,000 pounds of almonds, 