GENERALITIES. Impressions.—Photographic " Art'ust" (in despair)—"Cruel girl! For years I've tried to jihotergraph your image on my 'eart— and all I set is a ' negative!'"—Puuch. One Way of Looking at it —Delinquent (to bis host, in the partridge season)—"Oh, I'm most nnfortuuate 1 Now, you're the third man I've hit to-day V—Punch. Lady—"No, I don't know Victor Hugo's works well. I've only read ' '93.'" Alder man's Daughter—"Only ninety-three! Why, I haven't read more than seventy or eighty of them.'' Canny.—" Why Idinna prayfair taesmoke, bech? Weel, noo, loddie, I'll joosttellye. Whiles ye're smoking, ye blaw an' blaw, an' whauris't? But gin ye tak a guid pench, losh ! Mon, ye ken et's theer V'—Punch. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has these items:—'"I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make him this legacy willingly, because I know that he will faithfully dutribnte it unto the poor. Item—I give up the ghost." Mistress and Maid.—"Where have you been, Jane ?" " I've been to a meeting of the Girls' Friendly Society, Ma'am." " Well, and what did the lady say to you 1" "Please, Ma'am, she said I wasn't to give you warning, as I meant to. She said I was to look npon yon as my thorn—and bear it."—Punch, The Obliging Pitman.—A pitman who was giving vent to his feelings in rather strong language was upbraided by a neigh bour—"Ye shouldn't swear afore yor wife." " Afore ma wife !" exclaimed the pitman; " wty, aa didn't knaa she wanted to swear. Aa's eartin aa wad hev let hor swear forst if she wanted te 1" A Recommendation.—Dealer (pointing out beauties of a vicious-looking animal, with ears back and bind leg suspiciously lifted)— " There, sir 1 He's a De&uty;! Not another to touch him ! You just ride him once an' you'll never ride another." (Little Tipkins, who is very nervous, thinks this is uncom monly likely, from the look of him.)—Punch. A Laconic Letter.—" In the days of '49" (says Barker's Magazine) a member of a party of miners strayed away from his com panions and was destroyed by wild beasts. The fiiend upon whom it "devolved to "break the news gently" to the bereaved parents Bhowed himself equal to the occasion by writing the following letter:—" Mister Smith Deer sur the Kiotes has ete yur sun's hed off. Yurs John Jones." At a Matrimonial Agency.—" My dear sir, I have the very thing for you." " Indeed! Is the lady pretty ?" " To be perfectly frank, ehe is not. But her fortune ; think of her fortune—§100,000! And you can get married again before long—she's consumptive.' " Ahem! That's something. But are you quite sure of it?" "My dear sir, we guarantee it" "Put it Down a ' We."—Some classical Sedant is said to have found out—how the ickens did he do it?—that the Latin v should have the sound of w. Shade of Weller Senior, what next? Fancy great 'Caesar credited with uttering what Shakspeare calls his thrasonical boast in the form of " Weni, widi, vitcii" Or a punctilious Penny Reading spouter having to declaim about VVirginiua! No, no; this wile innowation must be met with a werry wigorous. wehement, and uni wersal protest,—Punch, They Grew Side by Side.—A mother had been teaching her infant daughter a little prayer the refrain of which was—" Forget me not, O Lord," and because of the little girl's forgetfulneBs her attention had been called to the flower of that name, in the hope that its association with the prayer would improve her memory. After it was supposed the child had her lesson fully learned, the mother, one evening in the presence of company, anxious to exhibit her daughter's precooity, asked her to recite her little prayer, and she surprised the company by shouting—" Bache lor's buttons, O Lord." The two flowers grew side by side in the family garden. 