A NIHILIST mm. So muoh has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through super natural agenoy, that I may bo accused of writing on a worn-out subjeot. Howover, in Bpito of this, it may interest many to hear the following strange ocourrenca whioh hanpened in a woll known family Borao yoars Ann nnd mViJrtVl ionct Vfllatari tn mn hv mv friend Mr. ? ( on tho atricfe condition of I my suppressing names and dates should I , over wish to repeat it. | I will toll you tho Btory as near as possiblo in this gentleman's own words : — ' Two or throe months altor marriage I took my young wifo down to my nlacn in tho north of Sootland to spend tho Now Year, it having been a time honored custom in our family to do so. Though the woather was bittsrly oold wo all managed to onjoy our selves, and my wifo, who was ths only lady amongst ub, was in excellent spirits anil tho life of the party. Late in tho evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen wero amusing our selves in tho billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'oloolj), ^when I was sur» prised to hear Violet's voice calling mo from above, she having rotired Bome time before. : On going up to her room, sho informed mo | that she had been muoh astonished by hoar ing the tinkle of sledgo bolls, and that on opening her window she had seen one quipldy approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and tbat it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so aho had leant out to nse it sho could, recoenico tbe occupant of tho pledge. As aho did so ho raised his head and looked her straight iu tho face, when she discovered he was a perfect strangor. 'What Violet considered most extraordinary^ was, thafc on meefcing'.her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his bead solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly diaappeared down the avenuo. My wifo was naturally anxious to discovsr who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called mo up^ to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quito certain that ho was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could como to was that ho was somo visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with suoh a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if ohe wag quite Ruro she had not beon dreaming, when she inflionantlv reolied that sho had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a mo3t import ant l£ter. When I related my wife's story intha billiard roon?- one of my convivial friends suggested that wo should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for tho unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to he given a drink. We all acted on thi3 idea with alacrity, any small excitement always being eocepfcablo in a country house. In tbo mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which acoounted satisfactorily for our not bsing able to discover traces of tho sledgo. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that tho mystorioua stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and iiad mado tho bssfc of his way home. The next day Violofc appealed rather an noyed when wo ohaffad about^hcr melanoholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we eoon dropped the sub ject;, and in faot forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided on separating for tho night, t4th3 doer of the smoiiiugroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wifo rushed in, her dressing gown thrown on, hor hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly aeemed to know what ohe was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out : 11 He has come again lM Seeing that sho was really affected, I hastened to get her o glass of wine, and begged her to give me full par ticulars. It appears that sho had gone to bed, and had slept soundly^ until awakened by the sound of approaching eledge bells, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and ruBlied to tho window, where she discovered tho sledge had been brought to a standstill at exaotly tho same spot as on previous night. On hor appeerjuco the driver, looking up at her Bteadfaatly, had raised his hand aud shaken his head in pre cisely the Bame warning manner aa belore. Not waiting for moro, and filled with namo less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant at what wo began to think was a very imperlioent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the oare of hor maid, rushed out with tho intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly ; the night was clear and froBty, the ground was covored with snow, although nono had fallen since tho morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shook when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having paesedthat way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked the matter well ovor, when we came to the conclusion that thero must be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible littlo wife could be the victim^ of any such delusion. Therefore wo unanimously decided on keeping a watoh in the billiard room — which was immediately beneath Violet's room — on tho following night, and wait for what might occur. In tho mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub jeot to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inolined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after aho had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commenoe our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the bh'nds, and were all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The silenoa was becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and tho sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from whence IV UUU piUUCUUCVl, j- 'V* wawuuiia tjix the floor in a dead faint, still in hor evening dress, with hor window wide open. It was a long time boforo her maid, whom I found in the room, oould restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, 'Why does ho come? What doeB ho mean ?' Tho maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her moster oome up, and ahe had stated she did not intend un dressing until thon. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for eomethiug sho expected. Sud denly Bhe had given a violent start, nnd leaning out of tho window, had exoitedly called the maid to her aide, and cskerl her in a trembling voice whether sho could not aee anything coming up the avonue or hoar the tinkle of bolls. It was a still moon light night, almost as light aa day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared sho oould boo or hear nothing, nnd had only just turned from tho window when alio was horrified to nee her mistress stagger back wards and fall fainting to tho ground. The violent shook that my wito had received to her nervous system rosultod in a long and Berious illness, and ns soon as ohe could bo moved I took hor on ths continent, whero sho shortly recoverod her health and spirits. We neither of us ever alluded to tbo causo of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitivo on tho BHbjeot, and resenting my having troatei it aa an hallucination. Tuougn appirently forgotten by us both, I dM_noi «oin'Wer jc judioious to spend tils coming N;w Year in Scotland, and'we th- jrefuru ftgracd on P'-ying n long-promised visit io f-;. XVKcr.ihtu!; w lero I had many intimate frienr-'s in I nil luntial . circle?. On our arrival they nil' vied with eaoh other in showing us hospitality, my wifo wr.s immfiiusly r.'.iniiroii.and h'r vivecity and wit :nadu hor very popular. Ju.-t b ?foro our intended departurs one of lead' rs 'jf Focicty nrmugsd n b;,!l in our honor, to whioh Violoi looked forward with groat plea-u:ru, and made moat elaborato preparations. When tho ni^ht c£ this tcto ivrrivori, and my v;if-3 entered tho room dreused for the ball, I thought I liid r.cvcr on her look so lovely, with that look of joyous nntioipition on her oountonaueo that a boautilul wouim always wor.ro when she is sure of her triumphs. During our short drivo to ths Hot-;l ? , our destination, sho arnusod me by her almost childish anticipation ol tho coining enjoy ment. Oa arriving there sho nsssnded the Bteps on my arm, still laughiug and chatting gaily, but just as we wero about to enter the door she turnsd her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, hor faco waa deadly pale, and her oyea were fixed on the spot from whioh our car riage had just moved. On my onquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably ex claimed, 'Look there 1' pointing to the foot of tho atops. When I daclarad I saw nothing, Bhe seemed completely unnerved, nnd im plored mo to tako hsr home. Poor Violet clung to mo closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at onco she knew Bho would die, and, finding remonstrance only in crc-ased her distroiis, I thought it beat to do us sha wished. Whilst in the oarriago I could not get an explanation, aa my wife eeomed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost acarca voice Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel ? ahe had heard tha sound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to see who had arrived, had peroeived the same mysterious man who had caused her eo much terror tho previous year in Scotland. There be was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using tho same warning gestures. I tried to reason with hsr and im press upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such nn occasion. For somo time she was quite impracticable, but seeing nt last how muoh in earnest I was, my dear littlo wito evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me, All tho same I felt quito grieved to notice what change this strange occurrence had made in her, tho shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different psrson to tho brilliant, joyous beauty of o short time boforo. Just oa we were about to aot foot in the carriage a terrible explosion waa heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news hsd oiroulnted through the city that tho Hotel ? , whore the ball was being given, had been blown to tho ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had escaped. 