A WAEF 0? THE SEA. BY J. GEASSIJS, OH/VP, I, The Soutcra of Cromarty, ia the Kortli of Scotland, ara two high rocks, about a mile apart, wall timbered on the summitG, and they form n gateway leading from tho North Sea to one of tho aafeat and inoafc capacious harbours iu tho World, with the lofty lighthouse of Tarbetuess on their uorth side, beckoning distressed mar Inar? to 8ft m\m a Uav$u, ^he tgvfu lies oil the southern shore and biis many reminiscences, having been ;tt one time a ^reat fishing port. But the herrings in a must uuuccountable man ner, forsook it one year and never returned. Soma thought that steamboats, whiob began to visit the buy, had frightened them away. But steamboats called also at Wick, and herrings seem to t e increasing there. Others conoluded that a flood washing down tainted swampy water to the sea had dispersed the sensative herrings, whose depariure nearly ruined Crom arty. It is the birthplace of Hugh Miller, the geologist. I also first saw the glimpses of the moon in it, and George Ross, called by Junius " the miserable Scotch agent," once owned the estate. But he was not the miserable man depicted by the great and unknown correspon dent. He was a man of sorrow ; melancholy was half of his immortality, and lie more de served pity than the withering invective of Junius. He had an only child, a promising boy, on whom he doted, and when the heir came of age the joyful father gave a banquet to his neighbours in honor of the occasion. But at the supper table ho rather severely rebuked the lad for a blunder in carving, whereupon the over-sensitive youth left the table, went into his bed room, and blew his own brains out with a pistol. The shock killed the unfortunate mother, and the father never got over it. He sold the estate aud went to London as a Par liamentary agent, in which capacity Junius assailed him, making his life more wretched than it was before. In 1812 Cromarty Roadstead was within an ace of having a great naval battle fought in it ; for one evening in that year a combined squadron of Russian and Swedish ships of war entered it, remained all night and sailed in the morning, taking a northerly course towards the Orkneys. On the very same evening a powerful French squadron entered the roadstead ; but on hearing from the fishermen that the Russians and Swedes had been there the night before, they hove up their anchors aud hauled out again. Seamen sometimes, however, make great blunders and misconstrue the warning of a light house,- and read their charts carelessly. In 1837 the Byron of Newcastle, in making for Cromarty on a tempestuous night, ran in on the north side of Tarbetness light, in place of going a little to the south of it, and ali her passengers and crew perished ; and the Clio, sloop of war, on one occasion ran too far to the south, and very nearly got in among the frowning rocks of Naivitie, mistaking a dangerous bight there for the entrance to the roadstead. That bight, al though it is within sight of Fort George on one side and Tarbetness on the other, and is only separated from the busy town of Cromarty by about three or four miles of hill, is nevertheless, being out of all the frequented tracks, as lonely and Becluded as if it was in the middle of the Zahara ; but at length it got a voluntary light house keeper, a waif of the sea, whose somewhat remarkable history will appear partly in next chapter. . CHAP. II. . . A trading ship named the Dover, following in the wake of tbe Clio, was very nearly into the bight also, but being checked in the nick of time by a kedge anchor dropped astern, Bhe hung for two dayB with her jib boom nearly touching the rocks, for she was too close in to come about or to work out if she had come round, and steam tugs were not so plentiful then as they are now. However, it seemed certain that both she and the Olio would go to pieces if it came on to blow, and her only passenger-apparently a sea-faring man-expressed a desire to have himself and his traps landed there, and next day, aided by a group of gaping Cromarty fishermen, who had assembled to give, assistance if needed, he com menced to build a small hut of rubble work and soou bad it completed, and the recluse, for such we may ca>l him, look possession of it. . When asked what his name was, he used to say, "Call me Jack, it will do," and the fisher men, by way of distinction, called liim Jack from the Dover, which they ultimately abridged into Jaok from Dover, by which he was known dur ing the many years he occupied that lonely hermitage. The wind came off the laud on the t^iiru day, and both ships got away uninjured, leaving Jack from Dover alone in hi3 glory, t-ut tbe singular rircumstance that a recluse had selected the wild and, as some believed, ghost-haunted wood of Naivitie for his home, was bruited abroad, and rumor painted him in "various characters. With some he was a mur derer stung by conscience, "others, nearer the truth, made him a retired pirate-with bags of gold at his disposal, and some thought he was the Evil One himself seeking the souls of the super stitious fishermen, the result of which was that when he entered the town, which he did occas Bioually, he was approached with a degree of dread. But Mr. Fraser, who then held the Cromarty estate, put him down as a demented mariner who might recover his sanity by kind treatment, and he asked Mrs. Fraser and her daughter to drive out to the bight,'"and take the hermit some food and clothing, which they did, little thinking'that the fate or fortune of one of them was mingled with his. CHAP. III. The hermit was so delighted with Mrs. Frasers' kind and affable manner, and the angelic attention of the Cromarty heiress, that he pressed the parent" to accept a souvenir to commemorate the visit, and he handed her a small pill box carefully tied up, which she with smiles put in her purse ; but ou her return to the mansion Mr. Ftaser, on opening the box started as if he had seen the basilisk, for it contained a diamond ring of inestimable value. His opinion that the recluse was a demented mariner at once vanished, aud he put him down as a blood boltered pirate, and iu his mind's eye conld see the quivering hand from which that priceless jewel was ruthlessly torn. " Matilda," he said, addressing his wife, " Wear not that jewel, for it smells of blood and violence. At anyrate wear it not until I ascertain to-morrow how the man became possessed of it." On visiting the mariner next day, Mr. Frazer spoke very plainly to him on the subject, and Jack as plainly replied, " I may," he said, " have been a rover on the sea, and plunder may have been my share more than once ; but that ring came not amongst plunder, it, at anyrate, came to me honestly enough. I caught and opened a shark in the Indian Ocean, and in its stomach I foun d the ring. There its history begins and ends the plunder ia all gone, for it was wrongfully gotten-the ring came honestly and it remains." Mr. Frazer saw that he spoke the truth-apolo gised for his hasty suspicion and the priceless diamond soon sparkled on Mrs. Frazer's finger. About two years afterwards Mr. and Mrs. Frazer were at a grand ball at Almacks, in Lon don, when a countess, addressing Mrs. Frazer, to whom she had just been introduced, said, "I cannot refrain from admiring that lovely diamond on your finger, not altogether for its intense beauty, but for the resemblance it bears to one my beloved daughter used to wear." '' And where is your daughter now p" enquired Mrs. Frazer. "In heaven," replied the countess; " she was coming from India to see us some some years ago and the ship was lost in the Indian Ocean." " Oh, how happy I am," said Mrs. F., taking the ring from her fiuger and presenting it to the countess. " How happy I am to restore your beloved daughter's ring to you. My husband will tell the earl how we came by it. It was found in the Indian Ocean some years ago, and oh, what a dear relic it wiil be to you." From that hour a sincere friendship sprang up between the two families, who visited each other almost daily, and one of the results of their friendship was that the Earl's son and heir married Miss Frazer, aud she in a few years, thereafter, became a countess. Jack from Dover's life ended better than it began, and it is to be hoped that the recording angel rubbed out some of the black marks stand ing against him in the dreadful record on account of his later actions. A large money gift, sent him by the Earl, he handed unbroken to a public charity, and finally he lost his life trying to save the lives of others. A large fishing boat was upset in a squall nearly abreast of the bight, and not very far from shore j and as Jack had no boat and time was pressing, he hurriedly rigged out a catamaran-a kind of raft-and with his spade for a paddle went to the rescue; but the drowning Ssaermen rushed the raft, which could not carry them all at once, and the consequence was that the lashings by which the spars were hold together parted, and they went Down in the dark blue sea, Down to the coral strand; Dowu wiiorethe mermaid ningsiu ?lso, With coaib aud brush in hit hand, The British Mcdical Journal records that recently a young woman, disappointed in love, jumped from the suspension bridge at Clifton-the highest bridge in England-into tho bod of the JLiiver Avon, aud escaped with very slight injury. Her ease, which was of surgical interest, lias also a psychological in terest, for, beforo she left the infirmary, she received three, offers of marriage. Lira S7iu>F XO.-2.--A positive and radical cure for every form of Scrof'Ai, Syphilis, Scrofulous Sores, Affections of the Skin aad Scalp with loss ol hair, and all Diseases of the Blood, Liver, and Kidneys, Guaranteed to purify, cnrlch, aud vitalize the blood| and rcstoro and renovate the entire aysteci, 220Tyto Kauisa's HEAUSG SOAP, for the Bath, Toilet, Nor« tjery, aud the healing of skin diseases ol every kind and 'at every stage. 229yfta 