OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. MELBOURNE, FEB. 11. The news from England has; just a little dashed our spirits, for the good reason that we know there might, at any moment, happen to us just such another i votes that which has happened in Piccadilly near Regent-street. Not that there any hungry people here crying out for work and broad. They have all too much bread, and a great deal more work than they am willing to do. But they are quite as ready for mischief. They are full of the unionism which prompts men to destroy and mar and mutilate. The dangerous classes in London are reckoned at 1.30 000 in number, and some statistician horn has discovered that we have 1500 such. But I mu satisfied that we have nearer 10,000 than 1500 who, on the smallest provocation, or on no provocation at all, would sack Melbourne. In all parts of the city they are to be found. In half-an-hour they could, and would, set Melbourne ablaze. No doubt they would be put down, just as the 150,000 in London would he put down; but at what a sacrifice! Thirty- eight years ago I was in London, when the Chartists were going to march in from Ken- nington Common, take Loudon, depose the Queen, and proclaim a Republic. But there was a Duke of Wellington alive thou, and, on the night of the 9th of April, he had every bridge secretly guarded with cannon and armed troops. Not a soldier was visible, but every house abutting on every bridge- was filled with soldiers. Not a Chartist found his way from the south side of the river, and the conspiracy ended ignominiously. But the dangerous classes were none the loss ready to work their will of despoilment ; as they have been ready at any time of the world's history. And they are quite ready to work it in Melbourne whenever the opportunity shall present itself, for all that they are neither hungry nor unemployed. It is true that the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments has just reported that the criminal class are exceedingly active, in consequence of the general prosperity of the community. The whole community being divided into two great classes, criminals and non-criminals, and the former finding that the latter are almost invariably worth robbing, they rob them the more. Consequently the thieves are getting into gaol a good deal, and Mr. Brett, the inspector just mentioned, is rather put about to accommodate his guests. Mr. Brett is also somewhat exercised in his mind on the subject of his warders, who think they are hardly dealt with, because they are expected to conform to the rules applying to their particular service. Especially they think it hard that they should be fined for sleeping at their posts. They think that in view of the increas- ing regard paid to the social class they represent, they should be allowed to put it comprehensively-to do as they please. They have not yet struck, but such a mode of asserting themselves appears to be the reverse of improbable. The prisoners sympathise with their custodians thoroughly, for they object on principle to any man being limited in his liberty. The activity in the criminal world is further exemplified in the long calendar of malefactors awaiting trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, which will commence on Monday next. The list includes all kinds and degrees of male faction, and it may be taken as fairly representative of this exceedingly wicked city. It is a list well calculated to make the moralist very sad, and the criminal bar happy. Speak- ing generally, moreover, of the interests of those gentlemen whose livelihood is gained by their striving hard to make the worse appear the better part, they may be said at this present to be doing well, both actually and prospectively! For, not to speak of their metropolitan business, the work out out for them in the Circuit Court, is very encouraging. It is not every locality, it is true, which can develop quite as interesting a case as Wangaratta has just produced a but others may be understood to live in hope. Looking at deeds of desperation from the picturesque point of view, it seems a pity that people will not com- bind the poetic element with their criminal irregularities. Take suicide for example, in which it is quite the exception for those who have recourse to self-sealing tion to travel out of the beaten paths. Thomas Rogers, however, may claim to be an exception to the rule of routine, although, as a matter of judgment, his practice admits of reprobation. To poison himself with Blistering fluid, however, meritorious in point of originality, is not a method to be commended, for the process is painful and not immediate. And in respect of shooting, which is not at all an original method of suicide, one cannot but wonder that those who affect it do not consider more carefully the manner and the details of their work. Maoboth's re- flections about his contemplated murder of Duncan apply very closely to suicide. If it has to be done at all, " 'swore well it were done quickly," and this no doubt is exactly the opinion likely at this moment to be in the mind of Michael M'Ewan, who, a week ago, discharged a pistol into his lungs, and is now lying in the Melbourne Hospital in what the reporters describe as a precarious condition." One would think it were possible to get the right kind of pistol, and to obtain some definite instructions how to use it, and so to obviate a great deal of subsequent trouble. Leaving out of consideration the moral aspect of the question, it is unpleasant to see things of this kind done in artistically. Take, for example, the Hampton tragedy, which was a wretched bungle all through. The coming elections do not provoke much attention ovcnthocaudidatcsaro not excited over their work. They issued their addresses, and in some electorates they aromeet ing their constituents and answering questions. But they travel over the old ground, and only a few of them go out of the groove. Those who do are not much regarded either. People go to hear them for the sake of amusement ; one must he amused. C E. Jones is very amusing, because he speaks as if he were much in earnest, and all the time everybody knows he is not in earnest, and never was. If Jones had been in earnest, and just politically honest enough to persuade anybody to trust him,' he would, or at least he might have been the foremost man in the colony ; but Jones always looked at life as a great joke and made of politics a game. W. C. Smith has also been making a long speech which, like Hamlet's uncle, as denounced by the ghost, was a " thing of shreds and patches." He concluded by calling Mr. Gillies a wolf in sheep's clothing, and swore against him perpetual hatred. Mr. Gillies' sloop has not been disturbed at this throat. Mr. Service and Mr. Berry have returned from Tasmania, and for the last two days they have been empty- ing their office drawers and cupboards, ready for the in- coming occupants of their departments. Next Monday, probably, they will formally cease to be Ministers, and the now list will be announced. As a matter of fact, everybody knows who are to be in it, but, as a matter of form, it has, of course, to be set forth, and then commences the new order of things. This charge also occasions no sort of excitement. In fact, the excitement, such as it was is over. The coalition will go on, and, so far as can be perceived, the country is in favour of its going on. It is a grievous thing for the malcontents ; but nobody fools for them. We do not want them, because we have learned the pleasure, and, what is better, the profit of quietness, and we desire the quietness to be maintained. The going away of the Bishop is still a subject for conversation and regret. Now, however, we have brought ourselves to accept the inevitable, and all we can do is to say good-bye gracefully and affectionately. The exact form to be taken by the substantial expression of our regard has not been decided upon ; but it is to be something tangible and solid. It is quite resolved not to give the Bishop any money, as he would only hand it over to some institution. As somebody said, it is lamentable that you cannot trust the Bishop with money. He is as bad at General Gordon for emptying his pockets for the benefit of others. Besides the Coburg minister who denounced the Bishop the other Sunday, that curious person Dowie, of Fitzroy, who heals by the laying on of hands, has also been lifting up his voice in condemnation of him. It has been discovered that we have a playful elephant at our Zoological Gardens. It might be gratitude, or it might not, but, immediately after the P. E. had been fed with sweetmeats by a benevolent gentleman, he lifted the donor up with his trunk, and exceedingly damaged his ribs by pressing them against the P. E.'s tusks. Since then the P. E. has not been fed with sweetmeats, but visitors are content to admire him at a safe distance. It is still insisted that typhoid fever is extant, but not so much in Melbourne proper is in the suburbs. The explanation is declared to be the comparative excellence of the sanitary measures adopted in the metropolis as against the neglect of them in the environs. This excellence is, however, comparative only, for it requires but a casual investigation of the highways, and byways, and the back yards of the city to be satisfied that a great deal remains to be done to give it the right to call itself truly clean. However, the Central Board of Health are going to appoint more inspectors ยก so that even if we do not get the dirt taken away, it will be a Maid of comfort to feel that somebody knows where it is. 