EVOLUTION. BY DR. TALMAGE. " O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding oppositions of science falsely so called."—1 Tim. vi. 20. There is no contest between genuine science and revelation. The same God who by the hand of prophet wrote on parchment, by the hand of the storm wrote on the rock. The best telescopes and microscopes and electric batteries and philosophical apparatus belong to Christian universities. Science and revelation are the bass and the soprano of the same tune. The whole world will yet acknowledge the complete harmony. But between science falsely so called and revelation there is an uncompromising war, and one or the other must go under, THE CREED OF EVOLUTIONISTS. At the present time the air is filled with social and platform and pulpit talk about evolution, and it is high time that the people who have not time to make investigation for themselves, understand that evolution in the first place is up and down, out and out infidelity; in the second place it is contrary to the facts of science, and in the third place, it is brutalising in its tendencies. I do not argue that this is a genuine book, I do not this morning say that the Bible is worthy of any kind of credence—those are subjects for other Sabbaths —but I want you to understand that Paine and Hume and Voltaire no more thoroughly disbelieved the Holy Scriptures than do ALL THE LEADING SCIENTISTS who believe in evolution. And when I say scientists, of course, I do not mean literary men or theologians who in essay or in sermon, and without giving their life to scientific investigation, look at the subject on this side or that. By scientists 1 mean those who have a speciality in that direction, and who through zoological garden and aquarium and astronomical observatory give their life to the study of the earth, its plants and animals and the regions beyond so far as optical instruments have explored them. I call into the witness-box living and dead the leading evolutionists—Ernst Haeckel, John Stuart Mill, Huxley, Tyndall, Darwin, Spencer. On the witness-stand ye men of science, living and dead, answer these questions : Do you believe the Holy Scriptures ? No. And so they say all. Do you believe the Bible story of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden ? No. And so they say all. Do you believe the miracles of the Old and New Testament ? No. And so they say all. Do you believe that Jesus Christ died to save the nations ? No. And so they say all. Do you believe in the regenerating power of the Holy Ghost ? No. And so they say all. Do you believe that human supplication directed heavenward ever makes any difference ? No. DEITIES OF THE SCIENTISTS. Herbert Spencer, in the only address he made in this country, in his recent visit, in his very first sentence ascribes his physical ailments to fate, and the authorised report of that address begins the word fate with a big " F." Professor Haeckel, in the very first page of his two great volumes, sneers at the Bible as a so-called revelation. Tyndall, in his famous prayer test, defied the whole of Christendom to show that human supplication made any difference in the result of things. John Stuart Mill wrote elaborately against Christianity, and to show that his rejection of it was complete, ordered this epitaph for his tombstone: "Most unhappy." Huxley said that at the first reading of Darwin's book he was convinced of the fact that teleology, by which he means Christianity, had received its death-blow at the hand of Mr. Darwin. All the leading scientists who believe in evolution, without one exception the world over, are infidel. I say nothing against infidelity, mind you, this morning. I only wish to define the belief and the meaning of the rejection. Now, I put opposite to each other, to show that EVOLUTION IS INFIDELITY, the Bible account of how the human race started and the evolutionist account as to how the human race started. Bible account: "God said, let us make man in our image. God created man in His own image ; male and female created He them." He breathed into him the breath of life, the whole story setting forth the idea that it was not perfect kangaroo, or a perfect orang outang, but a perfect man. That is the Bible account. The evolutionist account: Away back in the ages there were four or five primal germs, or seminal spores from which all the living creatures have been evolved. Go away back, and there you will find a vegetable stuff that might be called a mushroom. This mushroom by innate force develops a tadpole, the tadpole by innate force develops apolywog, the polywog develops a fish, the fish by natural force develops into a reptile, the reptile develops into a quadruped, the quadruped in course of time develops into a baboon, the BABOON DEVELOPS INTO A MAN. Darwin Bays that the human hand is only a fish's fin developed. He says that the human lungs are only a swim bladder, showing that we once floated or were amphibious. Ho says the human ear could once have been moved by force of will, just as a horse lifts its ear at a frightful object. He says the human race were originally web-footed. From primal germ to tadpole, from tadpole to fish, from fish to reptile, from reptile to -wolf, from wolf to chimpanzee, and from chimpanzee to man. Now, if anybody says that the Bible account of the starting of the human race and the evolutionist account of tho starting of the human race are the same accounts, he makes AN APPALLING MISREPRESENTATION. Prefer, if you will, Darwin's " Origin of the Species" to the Book of Genesis, but know you are an infidel. As for myself, as Herbert Spencer was not present at the creation and the Lord Almighty was present, I prefer to take the Divine account as to what really occurred on that occasion. To show that this evolution is only an attempt to eject God and to postpone Him and to put Him clear out of reach, I ask a question or two. The baboon made the man, and the wolf made the baboon, and the reptile made the quadruped, and the fish made the reptile, and tho tadpole made the fish, and the primal germ made the tadpole. WHO MADE THE PRIMAL GERM ? Most of the evolutionists say, " We don't know Others say it made itself. Others say it was spontaneous generation. There is not one of them who will fairly, and openly, and frankly, and emphatically say, "God made it." The nearest to a direct answer is that made by Herbert Spencer, in which he says it was made by the great " unknowable mystery." But here comes Huxley with a pail of protoplasm to explain the thing. This protoplasmhe says, is primal lifegiving quality with which the race away back in the ages was started. With protoplasm he proposes to explain everything. Dear Mr. Huxley, who made the protoplasm ? AN INCONSISTENT THEORY. To show you that evolution is infidel, I place the Bible account of how the brute creation was started opposite to the evolutionist's account of the way the brute creation was Btarted. Bible account : You know the Bible tells how that the birds were made at one time, and the cattle made at another time, and the fish made at another time, and that each brought forth after its kind. Evolutionist's account: From four or five primal germs or seminal spores all the living creatures evolved. Hundreds of thousands of species of insects, of reptiles, of beasts, of fish, from four germs—a statement utterly opposed to and flatly contradicting not only the Bible, but THE VERY A B.C. OF SCIENCE. A species never developes into anything but its own species. In all the ages and in all the world there has never been an exception to it. The shark never comes of a whale, nor the pigeon of a vulture, nor the butterfly of a wasp. Species never cross over. If there be an attempt at it, it is hybrid and hybrid, and ia always sterile, and has no descendants. Agassiz says that he found in a reef of Florida the remains of insects thirty thousand years old—not three, but thirty thousand years old—and that they wore just like the insects now. There has been no change. All the facts of ornithology and zoology and ichthyology and conchology, but an echo of Genesis i. 21: " Every winged fowl after his kind." Every creature aftor its kind. When common observation and science corroborate the Bible I will not stultify myself by surrendering to the elaborated and high-sounding guesses of evolutionists. THE ORIGIN OF WORLDS. To show that evolution is infidel I place also the Bible account of how worlds were made opposite the evolutionist's account of how worlds were made. Bible account: God made two great lights—the one to rule the day, the other to rule the night; He made the stars also. Evolutionist's account: Away back in the ages there was a fire mist or star dust, and this fire mist cooled off into granite, and then this granite by earthquake and by storm and by light was shaped into mountains snd valleys and seas, and so what was originally fire mist became what we call the earth. Who made the fire mist ? Who set the fire mist to world-making ? Who cooled off the fire mist into granite? You have pushed God some sixty or seventy million miles from the earth, but He is too near yet for the health of evolution. For a great while the evolutionists boasted that they had found the very Btuff out of which this world and all the worlds were made. They lifted the telescope and they saw it, the very material out of which WORLDS MADE THEMSELVES! Neb.ila of simple gas. They laughed in triumph because they had found the factory where the worlds were manufactured, and there was no God anywhere about the factory ! But in an unlucky hour for infidel evolutionists the spectroscopes of Fraunhofer and Kirchoff were invented, by which they saw into that nebula and found it waa not a simple gas, but was a compound, and hence had to be supplied from some other source, and that implied a God, " who alone doeth wondrous things." Away went their theory, SHATTERED INTO EVERLASTING DEMOLITION. So these infidel evolutionists go wandering up and down guessing through the universe. Anything to push back the Jehovah from His empire and make the one book which is His great communication to the soul of the human race appear obsolete and a derision. But I am glad to know that while some of these scientists have gone into evolution, there are more that do not believe it. Among them, the man who by most is considered the greatest scientist we ever had this side the water—Agassiz. A name that makes every intelligent man the earth over uncover. Agassiz says : " The manner in which the evolution theory in zoology is treated would lead those who are not special zoologists to suppose that observations have been made by which it can be inferred that there is in nature such a thing as change among organised beinga actually taking place. There is no such thing on record. It is shifting the ground of observation from one field of observation to another to make this statement, and when the assertions go so far as to exclude from the domain of science those who will not be dragged into this mire of mere assertion, then it is time to protest." JUMPING OVERBOARD. With equal vehemence against this doctrine of evolution Hugh Miller, Michael Farraday, Brewster, Dana, Dawson, and hundreds of scientists in this country and other countries have made protest. I know that the few men who have adopted this theory make more noise than the thousands who have rejected it. Here is the glorious and magnificent theory tnat God by His omnipotent power made man, and by His omnipotent power made the brute creation, and by His omnipotent power made all worlds, and five thousand scientists have taken passage on board that magnificent theory, but ten or fifteen have jumped overboard. They make more talk than all the five thousand that did not jump. I am politely asked to jump with them. Thank you, gentlemen, I am very much obliged to you. I think I SHALL STICK TO THE OLD SHIP. If you want to jump overboard, jump, and test for yourselves whether your hand was really a fish's fin, and whether you were web-footed originally, and whether your lungs are a swim-bladder. And as in every experiment there must be a division of labour, some who experiment and some who observe, you make the experiment and I will observe ! EVOLUTION DOWNWARD. I tell you, my friends, that natural evolution is not upward, but it is always downward. Hear Christ's account of it. Fifteenth Matthew and nineteenth verse : " Out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies." That is what Christ said of evolution. Give natural evolution full swing in our world and it would evolve into two hemispheres of crime, two hemispheres of penitentiary, two hemispheres of lazaretto, two hemispheres of brothel. New York Tombs, Moyamensing Prison, Philadelphia, Seven Dials, London, and Cowgate, Edinburgh, only festering carbuncles on the face and neck of natural evolution. See what the Bible says about the heart and then what evolution says about the heart. Evolution says, " Better and better and better gets the heart by natural improvement." The Bible says, " The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked." Who can know it ? When you can evolve fragrance from malodor, and can evolve an oratorio from a buzzsaw, and can evolve autumn pippins from a basket of decayed crab-apples, then you can by natural evolution from the human heart develop goodness. Ah ! my friends, evolution is always downward ! never upward. NO NOVELTY. What is remarkable about this thing is, it is all the time developing its dishonesty. In our day it is ascribing this evolution to Herbert Spencer and Charles Darwin. It is a dishonesty. Evolution was known and advocated hundreds of years before these gentlemen began to be evolved. The Phoenicians thousands of years ago declared that the human race wobbled out of the mud. Democritus, who lived 460 years before Christ—remember that —knew this doctrine of evolution when he said : " Everything is composed of atoms, or infinitely small elements, each with a definite quality, form and movement, whose inevitable union and separation shape all different things and form laws and efforts and dissolve them again for new combinations. The gods themselves in the human mind originated from such atoms." THERE ARE NO CASUALTIES. Everything is necessary and determined by the nature of the atoms which have certain mutual affinities, attractions, and repulsions." Anaximander centuries ago declares that the human race started at the place where the sea saturated the earth. Lucretius developes centuries ago, in his poems, the doctrine of evolution. It is an old heathen corpse set up in a morgue. Charles Darwin and Herbert Spencer are trying to galvanize it. They drag this old putrefaction of three thousand years around the earth, boasting that it is their originality, and so wonderful is the infatuation that at the Delmonico dinner given in honour of Herbert Spencer a few weeks ago, there were those who ascribe to him this great originality of evolution. There the philosophical banquetera sat around the table in honour of Herbert Spencer, vigorously chewing beef and turkey and roast pig, which, according to their doctrine of evolution, made them EATING THEIR OWN RELATIONS ! There ia only one thing worse than English snobbery, and that is American snobbery. 1 like democracy and I like aristocracy ; but there is one kind of oracy in this country that excites my contempt, and that is what Charles Kingsley, after he had witnessed it himself, called snobocracy. Now, I say it is a gigantic dishonesty when they ascribe this fold heathen doctrine of evolution to any modern man. When I come to speak of the dishonesties and deceptions of evolution, I find I shall have to adjourn much of my subject until next Sabbath morning, and then go on perhaps on the following Sabbath morning, answering still further this evolution doctrine as it is advocated. I shall notice among others a sermon in an Episcopal Church in New York by an eminent divine who'demands THE EXPURGATION OF THE BIBLE. We have evolved into such a condition now-a-days, that the grand old Bible is not good enough for us. We have got to evolve another kind of Scripture. We must discuss all these points, but enough for me this morning to say in closing, I am not a pessimist, but an optimist. I do not believe everything is going to destruction ; I believe everything is going on to redemption. But it will not be through the infidel doctrine of evolution, but through our glorious Christianity, which lias effected all the good that has ever been wrought, and which is yet to reconstruct all the nations on the face of a sin-blighted earth. EVOLUTION FOR A WRECK. What is that in the offing ? A ship gone on the rocks at Cape Hatteras. The hulk is breaking up, crew and passengers are drowning. The storm is in full blast and the barometer is still sinking. What does that ship want? Development. Develop her broken masts. Develop her broken rudder. Develop her drowning crew. Develop her freezing passengers. Develop the whole ship. That is all it wants. Development. Oh, I make a mistake. What that ship wants is a lifeboat from the shore. Leap into it, you men of the life station. Pull away to the wreck. Steady there ! Bring the women and children firet to the shore. Now the stout men. Wrap them up in flannels, kindle a crackling and roaring fire until the frozen limbs are thawed out, and the blood circulates, and between their chattering teeth you can pour restoration. OUR WORLD IS ON THE ROCKS. God launched it well enough, but through miflpilotage and the storms for six thousand years it has gone into the breakers. What doeB this old ehip of a world want ? Development. There is enough old evolution in the hulk to evolve another mast and another rudder and to evolve all the passengers and evolve the ship out of the breakers. Development. Ah ! no, my friends, what this old shipwreck of a world wants is a lifeboat from the shore. And it is coming. Cheer, my lads, cheer. It is coming from the shining shore of heaven, taking the crests of ten waves with one sweep of the shining paddles. Christ is in the lifeboat. Many wounds on hands and feet and side and brow, showing He has been long engaged in the work of rescue, but yet mighty to save—to save one, to save all, to save for ever. My Lord and my God, get us into the lifeboat ! Away with your rotten, deceptive, infidel, and blasphemous evolution, and give us the Bible, salvation through Jesus Christ our Lord. " Salvation ! let the echo fly The spacious earth around, Till all the armies of the sky Conspire to raise the sound." 