; at ROYAL SPA MSIl WEDDING. Tho marriago ceremouial of royalties is (says an American paper) always interesting, and the marriage of tho Infanta Dona Kululio of Spain to her cousin, the Infauto Dou Antonio, son of tho Duke of Mont- pensier, at tho Chapel Royal in Madrid, gives actuality to tho text of tho marriago offico used on tho occasion. The first question was addro scd to the bride, " Your Highness Dofla Mario Eulaiio Frnuoisc of Bourbou, In fanta of Spain — your Highness is aware that you are here to bo united aud married to his Highness tho Infante Dou Antonio Louis ' Philippo Mario of Orleans and Bourbon, con cerning which marriugo his Holiness has re moved tho objections raised on account of parentage of different degrco of consanguinity and other causes. It remains now for your Highness to say whether you know of nuv other reason for which this marriage contract should not bo entered upon — that is to say, whether thero exists bctwecu your Highness and the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippo Marie of Orleans any other relation ship ; whether you have given your word to any other man ; whether you have made vows of chastity or religious pledges ; or whether you know of any natural obstacle which might oppose tho validity of this marriago ; finally, whether you contract the marriago of your own frco will and desire ? Your Highness will de- clare this on your faitli and your royal word. " Cardinal Coferino Gouzale:'., Archbishop of Seville, who performed the ceremony, accom panied by his clergy, gave then the Bishop's crook into the hands of tho attendant priest, and said: "Your Highness Dona Marie Eu- lalio Pruufoiso of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain — I request your Highness, and also you, your Highness Dun Antonio Louis Philippe Mario of Orleans and Bourbon, to tell mo whether you know of any obstacle why lliis marriage should or should not be contracted, or why it could not ho valid or legitimate — that is to say, you arc to make mimilcst whether you know of nay other obstacles besides those which liis Holiness has removed ; I mako this same request to you who aro hero present For the second and third tiino 1 request you that if you know of any such obstacle, you are to mako it known openly." Addressing himsolf again to tho bride, the Archbishop con tinued, " Your Highness Dofia Mario Kululio Frauyoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, willyou take for your legitimate husband, as it is com manded by the lloly Roman Cat holic and Aposto lic Church, his Highness tlio Infante Don Antonio Lonis Philippo Mario of Orleans and Bour bon ?" Before replying, Iter lloyal Highness , kissed the hands of lior parents, an.l on tiio question being repented, she nnswored, " Yes, I will." Then tho Archbishop proceeded : " Docs your Highness give yourself as wife to his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Mario of Orleans uud Bourbon ?" To which tho bride answered : Yes, I give my self." Tho Archbishop continued : " Does your Highness receive tiie said Infauto Don Antonio Louis Philippo Mario of Orleans as vour husband " Yes, I receive him, 'I answers Dona Ktthilio. Tho sumo questions wore then put to Don Antonio, who replied in the same way. After this tho bride and bridegroom joined their right hnnds, mid tho patriarch, buying taken his crook, said : " Aud, in tho uamo of the Almighty, and the blessed Apostles I'eter and Paul, aud the Holy Mother Church. I marry vonr Itoyal Highness Seiioru Dofia Mario Euhilie, oic., to your lloyal Highness Scfiur Doit Antonio, &c.; ; and this bond of marriage I confirm in the name of the Father, tho Son and Hie Holy Ghost. Amen 1" The Archbishop, with crook and mitre, accompnuied by his clergy, one of whom held tho cross, another the uspergilius, and a third tho plate on which wero nrrauged tho thirteen coins which every Spanish woman receives on this occasion, together with her wedding ring, commenced the benediction of tho coins, lie then blessed the wedding rings, puttiu" one on the finger of Dou Anlonio, to whom ho also gave tho other, to ho given to the bride. The Archbishop then threw some coins to the bridegroom, who throw them to tho bride, by whom they were put back into the plate. After this, their Highuessrs joined their right hands, followed tho Cardinal to the armchairs prepared for tlicm on tho altar stair, whero they knelt down to hear tho wedding mass, which was thus terminated : — " Now your Highnesses havo received the blessings nccordiug to the customs of the church, tlio ndvico I gave you is to keep faithful to each . other; to he etiaste at the time of prayer, and even more chaste during fasts and saints' days. May your Highnesses lovo each other as hus band and wife, and may yon livo in tho fear of God." Tho Cardinal then gave tho brido to tho bridegroom, saying, " I give her to you for a companion, aud not for n servant ; may your nighuess lovo lier as Christ loves His church." Tho benediction closed tho ceremony. 