MALDON RE-VISITED. No. 4. ? "Have we devils here? Do yon put tricks upon with savages and men of Inde'f"—"Tempest." It would be an insult to our readers—and I am sure they are numerous, critical, in dulgent, and partial—I say it would be a poor compliment to imagine for oue moment that the concluding lines of my last number were forgotten. There are tricks in all trades, and the historical novelist you may depend is not above resorting to them. It was my deliberate intention to keep the mind of the reader on the rack for a week, endeavouring in vain to find out how my name could possibly be written on my forehead, and yet the sequel is simple enough. This same pencil I am writing with is now worn to a mcrestuinp, not an inch in length, for I have used it almost every day for the last two years, and it possessed a most wonderful quality; write with it'as I am doing now, it seems one of the commonest sort ; moisten the paper, and in an instant you convert it into a splendid mauve ink. Try your priucipal stationer, and I ain almost certain he has them in stock. Buy one, and you will thank me for the hint J have given. And now to real serious business on hand:—Having suffered much through the loss of my friend's silvermounted walking-stick, Iwas HOW- thoroughly on my guard against further misadventures, so I took the judicious precaution to clap my signature on every article of property I had with me, so that I could identif3' all, in a police court or anywhere else. My splendid " masher tile" received special attention in this respect, and in my heaviest style I signed my name on the lining, with the result that a Sac simile of my signature became neatly and prominently lithographed on my forehead. My landlord turned out to be an old Nuggetty reefer in the good old times, when SO or CO or more ounces to the tou created no sensation whatever, except the purchase of an addition to the racing stud, for I may here state that, from the poorest puddler to the luckiest reefer we had at that time, all had a tremendous penchant for the turf. How fondly now do we recall the once redoubtable names of " Ab del Kader," " Boar Ye No More, " Spinning Jenny," " Sophy Wackles, "Plantagenet," and "Romeo." Their last .races were run fully a quarterofacentuiy ago, and their nimble feet are quiet enough now. But, again, to resume serious business: My landlord and I came quickly to a proper and satisfactory understanding. I had permission to go and come at all hoursMtf the night and day; so far as he was co^ijecned, he didn't care very-much'.'wbat name I assumed. He, however, hinted that doubtless I had reasons of my owu for what I was doing, and turned S ^ T r ^ - j i i a lit^too smart, and its hard to say whoai tort may be next." I assure you I didn t rehsh thii style of conversion, depositing my luggage m a suberb bedroom, where I believe, about 30 years, ago the owner of the allotment hanged himse^but as I have not the slightest faith m ghosts, i took possession without a murrnnr. lnaeea, the young lady who was good enough to show inTmy room would have made the most dreary abode a paradise, and all unand- with a light heart I start on a preliminary inspection of old Tarrangower. A few rapid Btndes takes me to the front of your Shire Hall, and I certainly cannot compliment your gardener. The trMs seem to me to wait pruning very nmch mdeed unUsa perhaps it may be the dengn to hide the building as much as possible. In the olden timeitwas built for a market; opened with banquet, and some grand speeches were made on the occasion regarding the benehts, which were bound to accrue both buyer and seller. I believe .the first and only transaction was, a very ancient cow was disposed of to the pring≤ speaker at the banquet. It was themt public speech he had ever tnade, »nd the -first live stock he had ever invested in, aad proved to be a perfect white elephant instead of a cow. lie tried far and near to get rid of his bargain at any price, but it was no go. At last, nearly broken- hearted, he shipped himself and his cow off to Germany. It was his rive land, and he longed for the sweet j tures skirting the beautiful Rhine, but ai and here my patent pencil almost refuses my bidding. The voyage was protracted and the provisions gave out before it was endol, and at a solenm conclave, including the skipper and all hands on board, it was resolved that the cow should be slaughtered to alleviate the sufferings they were enduring. The owner didn't see his way. and asked timidly for some slight compensation, statina in the beautiful faderland language where he had bought the animal, what he had given for her and the profit he expected to reap when he reached the " caatled cra<™ of Draclienfels." Those rough and real sailors with empty stomachs were not m humour to listen to either logic or philo sophy, and so the unfortunate animal was knocked on the head and proved so dreadfully tough that nearly half the carcase remained when land was sighted. I am happy to say the owner of this celebrated animal after upsetting three Governments (this was before Bismarck had made his mark) received ample compensation, and is now the proprietor of one of the finest vineyards on the banks of the world-famed Rhine. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 