THE QNE THING NEEDFUL BY MISS M. E. BRABDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," &c.; . Chapter III. — "All that uavb Eyes to Weep, Spare One Tear With S1e." — (Continued). Goldwin's was a gigantic building on the eastern outskirts of tbe towu. ou that side most remote from Laslimar Castle— a huge model ludginghousc, built some years before by a friend of huuiauitv who oulv required 9 per cent, for his capital. It was a huge caravan serai. and swarmed like an nut hill : for it was better than the dens and hovels of the slums iu the heurt of the towu, inasmuch as it was wind uud weatherproof, which they were uot. The rents cxiicte.l for lite rooms were high, and it was ouly tho more prosperous of the working classes who could affurd to live utGoidwiu's. Boldwood hud a couple ot rooms there ; two little square boxes oa tbe fourth slory, ouo with a fireplace, tho other without. He had made Hie room with the fireplace his little daughter's bedclinmber, while ho himself slept, nud for tho most part lived, in tho cold. There was a common kitchen ut Goliltviu's where tho imitates could get- anything cooked ; uud tliere was a common laundry where the women compared their rags and told each other their troubles ; und there was a club- 100111 where tiie men smoked, nnd talked poli tics, and played dominoes — a hotbed of ad vanced Socialism. To tho dwellers in tho slums, Goldwiu's seemed a lordly mansion, uud to livo nt Gold- win's was a distinction. It was a huge quadrangular buildiug, six stories high, with a courtyard iu tiio centre — a monster pile of ugly yellow brick, pierced wilh windows ail of oue pattern, opeuiDg on to covered balconies with iron railings — every thing straight aud square, aud flat and uniform. A huge cube of brickwork it looked from tho distuueo, as seen across tbe level of tho flattest, dreariest outskirt of Brumm ; uglier tliau factory, or jti.il, or workhouse. To thoso wealthier citizens whose prospect that lingo bulk defaced, it seemed a monstrous blot upou tile horizon. Tbo bouufiocut Goldwiu had bought a couple of acres of waste ground for n song, a quarter of a century before ; aud when a great cry bad gouo up to heaven front the penny uowspitpers, about the way iu whicli the poor of Brumm were lodged. Jir. Gol.lwiu had stood uu at a public tueciiug aud pledged himself to buiid a model dwelling whicli should be as tbe workman's paradise. While the build iug was in progress, Jir. Goldwiu was oue of the most popular men iu Brumm. It was ouly wheu his house was finished, and his scale of reuts made kuown, that his popularity began to decliuc. But, although Hie reuts were high, Goldwiu's was always full from roof to busemcut. Tbe meeting ended amidst confusion, aud tho last speeches were unheard. The news of tho fire bail readied the platform, uud Lord Lasli mar kuctv that tho Radical loader had rushed away to sec to thu safety of his child. lSreu her ladyship's sympathies were aroused by tbe tragedy of tho scene. " To think that such a creature should have so much human feeling !" sho exclaimed. " I hope his people will uot be burnt." She bad uot grasped the fact that tiic dema gogue's " people" were comprised by oue ouly cliild. "I think, mother, if you'll allow me, I'll stay and see the end of this business after I've put you iuto your carriage," said Laslimar. " I can get a fly at tho George to tako mo homo." "I'll stay with you," said Colonel Spilling- ton. "And I," cried Victorian. | " No, Victor, 1 will not havo you struggling | in 11 Brumm crowd !" exclaimed his mother ; "aud you, Laslimar, you would surely uot bo so foolish us to trust yourself umougst thoso roughs." " Thoy would be safe enough with me," said the Colouel. "But tbo youug oue can go homo with your ladyship ; Laslimar ami I will see it out," Lady Lasbmar remonstrated ; site offered to wait nt the hotel until her stepson wits ready to go homo with lior ; but to this Lnshmnr would not consent. Ho took his mother to her carri age, uud saw Victorian seat himself besido lior, very reluctantly. The boy was long- iug for au adventure ; lie felt thut it was in liiin to do tho work of twenty hireling liremeu. Tbo eugiuc ciuuo tearing down tbo street wbilo tbe carriago srood tliere, frightening tbe big buys out of their wits. Tho iireuieu looked like demons, the street boys yelped and whooped as the vision of flashing metal uud dark resolute faces rushed by. Aud to havo to turn one's back upou that fever of excitement aud go homo to supper with one's mother. It was hard for impetuous youug Etou, strong iu tho ovorweeniug confidence of youth. Tho barouche drove away through the summer night, drovo away from the sinoko nnd grime — towards Holds aud dewy hills and flowery hedgegrows, Lashmur aud tho Colonel got into a hansom cub — thoy have bad bausoms iu Brumm for tbo last tweuty years — and told the driver to goto Goldwiu's as fast as ho could pelt. Driver aud horse were both excited, nud rattled off at a tremendous pace. There wore half a dozen streets and an arid waste of market gardens aud ground nctviy plotted out for building to bo traversed before they reached the scene of the fire ; uurnnde roads, stretching to the right nud the left, ghost like iu tbe moonlight — hero a factory, aud there a shabby genteel torraco of new houses, and nuou a row of allotment gardens ; but straight iu frout of them they saw Gold- win's, liko the fiery pillar in a desert — a mon strous pile, vomiting smoko uud flamo, " The fire must gave gained ground terribly before tiie engines arrived," said Laslimar, leaning forward over tbo doors of tho cab, with his eyes intcut upou the flaming bulk youdcr. " Engines nover are in timo to do uny sub stantial good," answered Spillington. "How lucky tbe fire did not liappon iu the middle of the night. Fcoplc would be up aud about aud ubio to help themselves." " But tbe children," cried Laslimar, al most with a mouu of auguish. "The little children, left alone iu that tower of Babel. Tho careless young mothers roaming tho streets ; the fathers listeuing to Bold- wood. Perhaps you don't know tho kind ot mothers that are made out of factory girls ? God help the littlo childreu ! I'll warrant there were dozens of thorn left to Lake care of them- selves iu that big house to-night 1" "That's n horriblo idea," muttered tbo Colonol ; and be felt that there was only too much grouud for Laslminr's fear. They wero in frout of tho house by this time — a denso crowd between them aud tbe building. "Wait !" said Laslimar to tho cabman as lie alighted, and ho and Spillington pushed their way through the mob. It was a moment of breathless excitement. The engines wero ou the other side of the buildiug ; tho fire-escapes were in full action ; but tiiey could not be everywhere. ' Lasbmar had conjectured rightly. There was a swarm of children in that human hive, and the mothers were rushing about dis tractedly, pleading to the firemeu, to tho crowd, to the empty air even, to savo their little ones — poiutiug wildly to windows : there, there, thut one 011 tho fifth floor, the seventh from the cud, that one by tbo broken rain pipe — oli ! curses on theso tall houses, where the childreu could bo roasted alive, aud no help possiblo 1 The tire bad broken out tuddeuly, with an as tounding fury. It was all the work of an hour ; but tbe mischief had becu slowly work- iug for long silent days aud nights. Tho brickwork of that huge shaft which went up Published by special arrangements with tbe Author. All rkbU reserved. ' - from the laundry — the common chimney of kitchen, laundry and club room — had been red- hot, nud uouo know. Thoy bad only felt tbe warmth au aunovanco iu the hot summer nights. No ono had guessed that there was danger ; andto-uight. at ten o'clock, tho skirt ing of ouo of the rooms noxt the cbimucy had burst into flame, aud then another, and thon auother, till a great columu of flame was rushing up to heaven through thu middle of tho house — that central block upon which tho initials of AVillinm Goldwiu, the people's benefactor, stood out boldly above a great black- faced clock, with white metal bauds ; a clock that had ticked off tbe brief intervals of rest to many a toiler, but which would never tick ngain for dead or living, since the metal that had composed its work was rituuing dowu the urick work in a nioltou stream, like quick- - silver. Yes. ; screams, and clasped hands, and dis- hovelled hair were the livery of all those care- loss young mothers to-night. Locked iu, their childreu had all beeu locked iu ! To hide the lucifers, nud to lock the door, that had beeu H10 maternal idea of carefulness. Locked in — locked iu one of those pigeou holes .» that great barrack tbrougli whicli tho flames were roaring. Wliilo tho mothers were rushiug lo and fro, threading the crowd, falling into tlio arms of straugors to sob out their woe, shrieking in wildest hysteria, or staudiug white aud dumb waitiug for Fato to strike, there was one father who was actiug vigorously for himself, asking help from uo mau. " Look at him, " gasped thu crowd, as Jona than Boldwood's huge form scaled the iron bal conies, clambered aud swuug himself from ouo point of vantage to auother, mounting higher aud higher, sbowiug a dark moving blotch against tlio red light that shone all over the buildiug, as it bad been .tbe paluco of tbe setliug sun, "Look at hiiu ! There's a man for you, a man with tlio heart of a liou. His little girl is up iu one 0' iliom rooms — one o' the toppest. The firemen uud tiie 'scapes nre all t' oilier side 0' the building. God help liim. He'll be suffocated before lie gets to that top room !" This was about tbe gist of what tbe crowd said, iu short gusps of speech, loquacious, ex cited, pitying, but impotent to help, around nud about Lord Lasbmar. Neither his gcutle blood uor bis crooked back attracted auy at tention iu that surging muss of anxious humanity. All distinctions were for the timo blotted out. The strong liuinau iustiuct pre vailed over all class differences aud couveu- tionalities. The hearts of Radical aud Tory throbbed iu perfect uuisou, accelerated by pity aud terror. " IIo'll do it !" roared tho crowd, and I.ush- mnr's memory went back to that other crowd roaring on tho Surrey shore, roariug from the flat swamps of Chiswick yonder, two voices meeting uud blending across the river. "He'll do it" cried tbe crowd, watching that bulky figure — 11 figure that bad lost tlio litlieuess of athletic youth, and which pulled itself heavily, with the strength of a giaut, slowly, laboriously, from irou rail to irou rail, bridging tho distauce with evident difficulty. "He'll do it!" and Lusbmur remembered thu dark face bent over the oar ; tbo resolute uuder jaiv aud beetlo brow, tho dark, cropped hair aud bull neck. He fuueied be could sco tho face now, turned towards the burning building, lurid iu tbe reflected light. ." Oue story mora, aud lie's there !" cried the crowd. Oue more rail tu grasp, one lust effort to swing himself to the higher level ; but be fore ho could grasp thu rail, a great wave of flamo and smoke rushed out from the shuU tercd windows in front of him, poured over him like lilnck water, and wrapped him in Egyptian darkuess — darkness flecked with arrows of flame. Thou there arose a groan as of Samson when tho pillars yielded and tho roof foil — tho groan of a despairing Titan. The crowd reeled backward with a shuddering recoil, and that bulky figure full iu their midst, almost at Lashmar's feet. . There was no help, no hope. Tho dema gogue's neck was broken, lie expired without a murmur. While the mob surrounded the dead man, talking over him, lamenting him, waitiug for medical help, for a stretcher to carry that mo tionless bulk of humanity away, Lasbmar had slipped off his coat, flung it to tho remonstrant, Uolouel Spillington, aud bad begun to climb the iron balconies just as Boldwood bad climbed, but nt a greater disadvantage, for tlio smoke and finmo bail intensified with every moment ; window after window bad vomited fire. The lookers on, those who wore not too absorbed by their thoughts of the dead to watch tlio living, gave a cry of horror horror at the madness of such an attempt. But in a few iniuutes those spectators under stood that this climber was of a different calibre from Boldwood. This slight, slim form was the figure of a trained athlete. Those long lithe arms held on to to the balconies, and wreathed themselves ubout the iron columns with the suppleness and tlio tenacity of a ser pent. Could this bo tho man with the crooked back, who had been standing in the frout of tho crowd just now, silent and watchful. Somo of thorn recognised him by that marred spine, know him to bo Lord Lasbmar, a chronic invalid, a weakling. Others who knew better, knew that lie bad trained himself to Iho highest feats of athleticism, that he hail built 11 gym nasium at Lasbmar Castle, uud that bo hud ex ercised his body with all the devotion of a Greek wrestler, or a Romau gladiator. To these it was no surprise to see tho hunchback's long leau arms lift liim from balcony to balcony, to see that wcll-sliapcu beau thrown back to escape tho suffocating rush of smoke and fiery dust, to seo ruiliug after railing gained, ns that stunted figure mounted higher, diminishiug almost to n vanishing poiut. Yes, he will do it! That which Jonathan Boldwood — deteriorated by intemperate habits ami a sedentary life, hindered by his own bulk, bud been un- ublo to accomplish, tbis deformed lordliug would do. Would do ? He had done it. Tbat sinuous right arm was wreathed round the iron columu between the fourth story and tbe balcony ubovo. A mighty cheer swelled from the throats of the crowd — a cheer that was hull a sob. "Bring round the fire escapes," shouted one, and there was a rusli to the other sido of the building. Lives were beiug saved there as fast as tho firemen could savo them — youug children, helpless old people, sick aud maimed. But here was n life moro precious than ibem all — tlio life of tbe deliverer, tlio hero, tho Hercules who had entered himself, a voluntary combatant, ia a hand to hand fight with death. Would ho perish in his generous en deavor? That was the awful doubt which thrilled every heart in that watching crowd. Eveu Rachel weepiug for her children, stilled her wailing for tbo moment, to look up with strained eyes and awe-stricken face towards thut upper balcony within which the deliverer bad disappeared. What fate awaited him iu the darkness und tiie fire ? Was the room he had entered sound and wholo, or was it but the mouth of a fiery pit? Was that generous heart stilled in deatii, even while thoy watched and waited ? No ; just as the fire escape appeared round the comer of the building, swaying to and fro as the firemen and the crowd steered it along, just as succor drew near, tbat slim figure in tho white shirt sleeves flashed out again amidst the smoke. Lord Lashraar was standing on tbat fourtli floor balcony wilh a child iu his arms. He had but to wait the adjustment of the escupc to guard himself and his living burden from tho flames, and all the rest was easy. Chapter IV. — So Woe-beoose a TiSNe Was Sue. Five, ten minutes of supremo anxiety, and &Q; was over. La&hmar; was standing among the crowd with Boldwood's fiTo-;'su-oid daughter la his arras, a small, Ihln figure in a litflewhife nightgown, a sallow, wizened little face, with great goblin ores, "Qod bless you, air; God bless you, my lord," The men clasped him by the hand, the Women hung about him, and kissed those Wounded hands of Us, raw and bleeding, scratched and scorched :md Torn, and smell-ag of smoke and are, No thought cf Radical or Conservative now : no fierce hatred of land owner and aristocrat. The great heart of the crowd was stirred with one divine impulse, made np of love, pity, tenderness — unselfish de light in a generous act nohly done. "By Jove, Lashmar, 1 thought you were a dead man !" cried Colonel Spillington. "Yon must be hurt, surely ; dangerously hurt, per haps," he added, running his hnnd over the young maD's shoulder and arm, as if in search of broken bones. " A few scratches more or less," answered Lashmar quietly ; and then he added to the erowd : " Don't make such a fuss, my good friends ; I'm sure there isn't one of you that wouldn't have done as much." He made his way through the throng to wards the farther side of the broad barren road where he had left the cab, with the rescued child still in his arms, clinging to him, scarod and pale, with thoso wide goblin eyes of hers. Spillington followed him closely. " What aie you going to do with the child?" he asked. " She'll havo to go to tho Union, I suppose, poor litllo soul." "She'll have to go to no such place," answered Lashmar ; "she is going to my house." " You mean to take Boldwood's child to Lashmar Castle?" asked Spillington, as tounded. "Why not? I should take a stray dog home. Why should I draw the lino at a stray child?" "Well, thore's a considerable difference. I bolievo, though you may not see it. To take a Radical orphan upon one's hands is rather a serious business. If I were you I should drive straight to the Uniou, and deposit this poor lit tle thing with the matron ; much the best you can do for her. " " I have saved her out of the fire, I am not going to throw her back into it," answered Lashmar resolutely. " She is mine, jetsam and flotsam from the great ship Fate ; my prize, my portion. She shall never cross the threshold of the workhouse while I hare power to prevent it." They were in the cab by this time. Lash mar had wrapped his coat round the child, and was sitting in his shirt sleeves. Ho told tho man to drive to the George, the chici hotel in Brumm, the hotel patronised by the county people, when . they gladdened the great grimy town with their superior presence. It was an old- fashioned hotel, with a wide archway, and a spacious courtyard, aud a magpie in a cage by the little low doorway of the bar. It had been on old-established hotel in the coaching days, beforo ever Brumm had arisen in its grimy might as a manufacturing town. Lord Lashmar was known and honored at the George. The sleepy waiters stifled their yawus, and bowed themselves before him. The landlady, who lmd lingered over her supper in the snug littlo parlor behind the bar, waiting up to hear tho latest news of the fire, came bustling out to see if she could be of any nse to his lordship. She almost shrieked at the sight of the child, looking round with frightened eyes ; such a poor little pinched, sallow countenance, so wizened so uuchildlike. The mistress of. the Goorgo thought she had never seen an uglier brat, " Oh ! my Lord, where did you pick her up ? Is sho one of tho children from Goldwin's ?" " She is Boldwood's child, aud his lordship risked his life to save her," answered Spilling ton. " What will you have, Lashmar, by way of pick-mo-up? A brandy aud soda — a tum bler of champagne, eh? You must have some thing !." " I'll take some soda, with a dash of brandy, if you like." said Lashmar. " Do you think yes could lend me a shawl to wrap up this little one, Mrs. Sycamour ?"' he asked the obse quious landlady ; "and do you thiuk you could get mo n pair of borscs to take us back to Lash- iuar ? Her ladyship will be anxious till she sees us all safo at home." " Certainly, my lord," and Mrs. Sycamour rang a bell: "Teil Joe to get the landau und the greys ready directly. And. Mary, run aud fetch one of my sliawls. The warm knitted one in tho bottom drawer, you know, child. Don't stand staring like a simpleton." Mary was gazing at the dark-eyed child in Lord Lashtnar's arms. A child in a nightgown was a curious kind of thing for a young noble man to carry about with him at midnight. " Daddy !" cried tits little girl piteously, and the great dark i yes began to fill with tears. " Where's daddy ? 1 want my daddy." Lashmar looked at her helplessly. What could he say to soothe or console : what could he say of a comforting nature that should not be a deliberaf o lie ? The little one's breast began to heave -.vjtu sobs. Daddy 1" she cried, "Where's daddy? Was lie bunt :u tiso fire — wu. ne hurt ? Let me go to dsdS.y !"' " By-and-by,'' murmured Lashmar, feehlv; " by-aud-by. dear child. Will yon give her a little milk and a biscuit, Mrs. Sycamour ? The poor little thiog may be hungry." "Poor little dear," said tho landlady. " Have a uice, cake, pet ? Mary, bring me a glass of milk aud a sponge cake." But when the motherly soul attempted to take the child iu her arms the little one scowled aud clung tighter to Lashmar. " Take m-. to daddy," sho pleaded, frowning darkly' at Mrs. Sycamour's friendly faco, re jecting all tenderness irom that sonrce. "Upon my soul, Lord Lashmar, this Is too iuu.ch of a good thing," cried Spillington, who had finished his brandy and soda, an,d was waxing impatient to be gone. For a man who had not dined this indefinite postponement of supper was a trial. " You had bett> r let our good friend here take charge of the brat for to-night, and hand her over to the proper authorities- to-morrow. I never saw such a goblin. Why she's as black as Erebus. There must have been a dip of the tar brash somewhere." " It's the gipsy blood. Sir ; overybodv says that Boldwood's wife was a gipsy." " Is that carriage ready ?" asked Lashmar. The landlady blew down a speaking tube, which coiumouicatcd with the stables. Myste rious sounds followed, as of from spirit laud. " In fire minute;, my lord." Mary — no less a person than the head cham ber maid — bad brought the milk and cake by this time, and Lashmar tried to coax the child to eat and drink. In vain ! She only wept, and pushed aside his gentle hand. "Where's my daddy:" she asked hope lessly. Lashmar huddled her up in the shawl, and carried her off to the landau, one of those capacious vehicles peculiar to country inns, and seemingly built to hold eight inside. It was very leathery, but not uncomfortable. Colonel Spillington buttoned his light over coat across his chest, and composed himself in a corner. "If that brut will only let me sleep now," he thought ; and Providence was kind to him, for before they had left the stones of Brumm %x behind them Boldwood's daughter had sobbed herself to sleep upon Lord Lashtnar's breast, and the Colonel was able to snore in peace. Not once did slumber visit Lashtnar's eres during that long drive under the summer star'. He was thinking of that dead face, con vulsed by the shock that snapped the cervical Tcrtebrm anil crashed one side of the skull — that dark powerful face in which every line indicated the double forces of a strong mind in fk strong body. And this man who had been so potent an influence in that great lrlve of workers yonder, this daring speaker, this audacious thinker, the man who blasphemed his Maker and hated his mora fortunate follow- man, was gone for ever— a mere lump of clay now, to be buried out of sight and forgotten. All tho Radicals and Free-thinkers of Brumm would deplore the agitator : hut perhaps there wasoniy this one lief pies? little being, ibis five- year-old chiid. to tnoura for the tnau. Aud he had been a gentleman once ! What dark experiences, what temptations, errors, misfortunes lay between that triumphant hour of the Oxford undergraduate, and the dread ful death of the Brutntn brass-worker 1 Lashmar s reading had taught him that most meu's misfortune are iu some degree of their own work ; and ho could but thiuk that this brass worker must have sinned against God or society before he took to him self the fustian coat and the fustian creed of the Brumm demagogue. It was past one o'clock when the greys from tho George trotted along the avenue that led to Lastnar Castle. The river was gleaming in the starlight, mysterious, beautiful, be tween its rushy hanks, its leaning willows ; and the easements of the Castle gleamed also, with an earthlier radiance, and the low Gothic doors stood open under the massive stone porch, revealing the lighted hall within. Lady Lashmar aud Victorian came out of the white parlor as the carriage stopped. " My dear Colonel, I thought you were never coming back I" she said. "How dreadfully you must want your supper and then starting at sight of Lashmar s burden— the little figuro muffled in a red fleecy shawl, she exclaimed, " Why, Lashmar, what in heaven's name have you thero ?" " A child, madam ; an imp of darkness ; the spawn of a demagogue— Boldwood's child, rescned from tho flames by this young hero of yours. By Jove, Lady l4tshmart you havo reason to be proud of your son," said the Colonel, collecting his sensw with an effort, for lie had been in the middle of his first and soundest sleep, when the carriage pulled up. " You rescued Boldwood's child I" cried her ladyship, looking at Lashtnar's smoke-grimed face, aud from his face downward to his nether garments, which were torn aud. frayed at the kuces, one knee rent across, and showing blood stains on tho light summer cloth. "But how ?" "By climbing to the top of a four-story building — one of the most heroic acts I ever saw anywhere, except beforo the wplls of a hill fort," answered the Colonel. " It's a wonder I ve brought hiin back to yon alive, Lady Lashmar." " The Lashmars were always brave ! " she said gravely; and thou, with a certain for mality which chilled the Colonel's soul, she kissed her step.on ou the forehead. "You liad no right to risk your Jife for a demagogue'.-, brat, " she said. " Why coidd not Mr. Boldwoodwcscae- bii child himself.? " "He did his damndest — I beg pardou — lie did his uttermost, poor beggar, v.-as killed in the attempt," said the Colonel. " Boldwood killed." "Yes; he will tronble its no more, mother. He is gone, and this is his orphan daughter." " But why, in mercy's name, did you bring here ? Why not at once hand t her over to the proper people?" "That was precisely my idea," said the colonel, longiug for his supper, The white parlor looked so bright and home like aud cheery, iu the light of a large swing ing colza lamp, under a yellow umbrella shaped shade. The table was loaded with good things. The red Bordeaux trine glowed in thinnest Venetian flasks. Butler and footman were iu attendance by the sideboard, aud there was uu odor of savory viands from a chafing dish which encouraged the colonel with the hope -of at least a hot cutlet or sweetbread, if this discussion about the beggar's brat in Lashtnar's arms would only come to a close, " Tray, who are the proper people to whom a five-year-old orphan should be handed over?" asked'Lashmar deliberately. "Why, the matron at the Union would of coarse be the proper person to take caro of her." " Exactly what I told Lord Lashmar," said the Colonel. "And you would have her begin her life in a workhouse — be- reared itsd educated as a pauper ?" " And properly trained for domestic service, pursued her ladyship j " the very best career for any young woman. Do you know, Coionei Spillington, that I pay my third and fourth house maids tweuty pounds a year, which their innumerable perquisites must increase to thirty. The very best and most coinforiablo career for any young woman, Lashmar ; and our work houses now-a-days arc so thoronghlv well ad ministered that I havo not the least objection to take a servant from the pauper class. Some of our best girls huve come from the Union." i' This child will not go to the Union while I live," answered Lashmar, with quiet deter mination. " Arc any of tho women up Lonely ?" " Only her ladyship's maids, my lord." Hr ladyship had two personal attendants. She required very little service frotu them, for she was a woman ot active habits, and by no means self indulgent. But thi- deal service was an appanage of her state ; it was her pride, not her luxuriousnoss, which demanded to be waited upon. " Will yon allow mo to ask a favor of Bar ber ?" asked Lord Lashmar. " Certainly !" Barber was the second and homelier maid. A homelv-looking person of 35, who lighted the candles and arranged the furniture — sometimes even condesceudod so far as to use a duster in Lady Lashtnar's private apartments. Barber was summoued, and came, sleepy but smiling, to receive her ladyship's orders. "1 believe his lordship wishes you to take caro of a child, Barber," said Lady Lashmar. " You will have to put it in ,vottr own bed for to-night, 1 suppose, after you have given it a hot bath. Yon had better cut its hair, too, as close as you possibly can." "The child has not had scarlet fever, mother." "Who knows ? Poor peoplo are always having fevers. At any rate, it is most likely very dirty. Batho it and crop it, Barber, I beg." The shawl fell off as Lashmar handed the ehild to Barber, and the little white nightjwn and little bare feet ware the best answer to her ladyship's sweeping conclusion. Both were spotlessly clean. " What an ugly chad i" cried Lcdy Lashmar, and then Eeeing Colonel Spiliingtcn stamlin forlorn, gazing at the supper tabic yonder, she j took pity on him. | " Take the ckridaway. and make her as con:- 1 fortable as you can, Barber," she said. " Ami j now let me give you both some supper. Poor creatures, you must be dreadfully hungrv! " "I confess to feeling a vacuum," said tho colonel, growing cheerful, as he seated himself at the table and unfolded bis napkin, lookin" about him with an interested air. Lobster mayonaise, chicken aspic, Russian salad with plenty of stuffed olives — bum, ha, pretty tiny kickshaws — and the footman put a hot cntlet, a I'Indienne, before him ; while the butler nnwired a "bottle of Da Lossv's dry champagne. Not so bad after all. ' Lashmar, did yon really climb a four-story balcony," asked Victorian eagerly. " I know Goldwin's — iron balconies all the way np, like a gridiron. I daresay I could do it mvself ; but it must have been deuced difficult. I envy you !" " I hope you may never have the oppor tunity or the inclination to attempt anything half so wild," said Lady Lashmar, in a biting voice. It was the first time the had given utterance to her exasperation ; but the poller of her fine features, the angry light in her eyes had indicated the state of her fcollngs from tho moment sho had seen Boldwood's child in her stepson's arms. She was wise enough to hold her peace, however. Lashmar Castle was the house of Lord Lashmar, and she, omnipotent although sho seemed to the household aud the neighbors, was only there on sufferance. If Lashntur chcso to bring a pauper brat into the castle to rear he: there, as he might any other domestic pet, it tvr.s not for her ladyship to interfere. This consciousness of her own impotence intensified her displea sure. " Victor, yon onght to have been in bed hours ago J" she exclaimed. "Good nieht, Colonel Spillington, or good morning rather. I will leave you and Lashmar to take care of each other." She shook hands with the colonel, kissed her steps-Mi's brow, and went away with her arm round her boy's neck. " What a glorious fellow Lashmar is !" said Victorian, as he aud his mother went up stairs. " So quiet, so unassuming and so plucky. I wish — I wish his back was as straight as other people's. Poor chap I He bears his burden so well." " I wish he were sane," retorted her lady ship, "and then he would not havo brought home that Radical's imp." " Oh 1 but if he likes to provide for the little thing, send her to some cheap school, or 6ome institution — orphanage — don't you know ; he is rich enough to indulge his benevolence." Lord Lashmar did not send the Radical's child to a cheap school; nor did he plague the souls of his friends by canvassing for votes in order to get Stella Boldwood elected as au in mate of some stately orphanage, supported by voluntary contributions, and smiled upon by princes and princesses. Stella was not destined to dwell in one of those vast edifices which philanthropy has reared for the shelter of the friendless and the orphan. It was Stella's fate to be reared in the home of nn English noble man, and to become accustomed to all those luxuries and elegancies which are, as it were, the surrounding atmosphere of those born in the purple. It was in vain that the great Lady Pitland's daughter protested against her stepson's folly in adopting a pauper's brat, and hinted that the cloven foot of Socialism showed itself in the act. It was in vain that she shuddered af the degradation of those ancestral halls. Lashmar was rock. He was one of those quiet, unde monstrative young men who nrako up their minds slowly, and who can never be argued or cajoled into the relinquishment of a settled purpose. " I made np my mind as we drove home last night, mother," said Lashmar, gently, gravely, resolutely, in a tone which her ladyship knew only too well. " Spillington and tho child were both asleep. I had ample time for re flection ; and I thought the matter out thoronghlv. I mean to adopt Boldwood's child, and to bring her np as my own daughter. There are many reasons in favor of my pro ject : there is not one that 1 can discover against it I h-tve long wished for something to love, some young uuschooled creature, that should be dependent upon me, aud should grow up at my feet, as it were. I am very fond of Victorian ; but be can seldom be my companion. Ho has bis education to occupy him now ; ho will havo his career to think of by-and-by. But a friendless littlo girl, whom I can train and educate into companionship, will afford ma just the kind of innocent sympathy which I have sighed for. A little more than a dog, a little less than an equal." " You will find the creature a horrible nuis ance before you have done with her. If you should think of marrying, for instance." "I shall never marry, never have children of tny own. By the time this girl has grown up 1 shall bedeclining intothevaloof years. She will be my link with the future. I have been told lately — you remember my long chat with Sir William Spenser the last time he came down to see me — that in spite of my miserable health I may live to be an old man." Lady Lashmar wine id palpably; bat she was sitting at some distance from her stepson, and her face was turned to the window, so bo did not see that startled look of keenest pain. She had been idling herself for years post that Hnbert Lashmar could not make old bones. — that it could only be a question of a few years more or less beforo her son wonld fill his place — and now to bo told that the great physician, Sir William Spenser, had declared that Lashmar might creep on in this half life of his to old ago ! It was a bard ibiug to be told this, suddenly, in that cool, calm voice of her stepson. Sho knew, that he was the soul of truth, incapable of misrepresentation or exaggeration upon any subject whatever. " And you look to the child of such a man as Boldwood to be yonr friend and companion iu after years — the mongrel of a gipsy and a demagogue !" exclaimed Lady Lashmar, un able to control her temper. "You make no allowance for hereditary instincts.'" "1 believe more in association and education than in hereditary instincts. The child has a fine broad forehead, bright well opened eves sensitive nostrils, thin lips, delicate chin — not at all a bad subject to work upon." " I really think she is the ugliest child I ever beheld," said Lady Lashmar, rapping the table wit h an elephant's task paper knife. "Hon you, who pretend to worship ideal beauty, can he interested in such a little monster is more than I can understand." " She is small and brown, but 1 don't think her ugly. Her eyes shone like stars last night. It is my idea that she will grow up a very in teresting woman." " Yon have such odd Ideas ! " "Don't be angry, mother," pleaded Lashmar, with wondrons gentleness. " Granted that I am somewhat eccentric — Nature has made me iu a mould of her own, you see — but, alter all, I have very few whims. And I promise you that this last caprice of mine shall give yon no trouble. Tbe child shall live in this house, bnt yon need hardly be aware of her existence. All she will want will be a conple of rooms on the top story, where we have a score of rooms that only serve as a rat warren." "Mice, not rats," protested her ladyship. " Well, we'll call them mice. It sounds pleasauter, only thev are the biggest breed 1 ever saw, and the noisiest However, my protigt will help to scare away the mice. I shall engage a maid for her, and arrange a conple of rooms for her and her maid, those two pretty to oms in the south-west tower, to. instance. She will live on that top floor, have her meals there, plague no one ; and when 1 want her company in my study 1 can have have her brought down to are as I would any other plaything. Yon may meet her on the stairs or in the corridor occasionally. Bat that is about the utmost yon need see of her." "That is yonr house, Lashmar. If you choose to have it infested by the spawn of Socialism it is not for me to gainsay yon." "I hope the day may come when yon will be reconciled to my adopted daughter ; when she may perhaps be a comfort to yon as well as to me." "Never, Lashmar! I con tolerate her ex istence in the house ont of deference to yon. I should have to submit if yon took it into yonr head to keep a rattlesnake ; bet I have none of yonr Utopian ideas; and I have not the least doubt that yon will haTe cause to repent yonr generous folly before yon and yonr proUgd are three years older." "We will compare notes three years hence, and I hope that I shail convince you that von were mistaken," said Lashmar, with perfect good temper. " And now, mother, have yon any youag woman on your list who would »n«lr» a good maid for Stella ?" " There is Barber's niece ; her father is in the gardens, don't yon know. Barber's niece has been wanting to come hero for the last six months." "I should like to see Barber's niece this afternoon." Lady Lashmar sighed, and gave orders in accordance with her stepson's wish. She had not seen the obnoxiuus orphan siuce the pre vious night. The child hnd been in Barber's care, and had been provided for iu the remote ness of the upper servants' apartments. She bad been taken to Lord Lashmar, and bad spent half an hoar in his study before breakfast. 