TOTAL ABSTINENCE. TO THB EDITOR OF TUB UEBCUUY. SIB,— With referrence to the lecture delivered u short time ago in the old schoolhouse at Castle Hill by Mr. Crabb, and which has caused a little talk, pro. and con., I will, with your permission, say a few words with respect to it. Of course I leave myself open to conviction, so that if I am wrong I may be put right by some one more able. With respect to Mr. Crabb, I must say that in my opinion he is a clever lecturer, and in him " total abstainers" have au able advocate of their cause; and if any one wants to find fault with his lecture they must be short of a job. However, I suppose I cannot be ont <3 order in giving my opinion with respect to the cause. Now when a society of men band themselves together, having for their object the making of men who are drunkards sober men, it must surely be a good thing; but sometimes a good cause is started on a basis which seems to some strange and startling, and therefore they cannot join the society conscientiously. It was undoubtedly said by the lecturer that the " platform of Good Templars was en open Bible." For my own part I cannot see the utility of talking about an open Bible if we do not believe what it teaches. It seems to me that in the matter now under consideration tbe better plan would be to shut the Bible, and go on with the cause of the society without that book. That the Bible teaches that Christ was God as well as man, is a fact which Bhuts up all controversy. That it teaches the Unity in Trinity and Trinity in Unity, is a fact which blind men might see. Some people say they won't believe it because they cannot understand it. I might just as well say that I wi'l not believe I am a living man because I cannot understand how it is that this something within me which thinks and speaks and feels and knows, is made sorry, and is made glad, is so mysteriously united within my body. Is it not a fact that a wonderful and divine being was foretold by the prophets, not only SB to his birth, but also as to his very death and burial and resurrection f What do such passages as the following mean:—" Behold a virgin shall oonceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel." Again, " For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given, and the government ehaU be upon his shoulders, snd his name shall be called Wonderful Counsellor, the mighty God, the everlasting Father, and the Prince of Peace;" and this mighty God and Prince of Peace did come, but some men will not believe. Kow if the reader will look at a Biblical and Theological Dictionary by the Uev. B. Watson, page 999, he says," It should be observed that the lowest denomination of unbelievers in the descending scale, namely the modern Unitarian, combines with his own peculiar errors and impieties all the errors and impieties of Alius and itocinius, together with an ab> solute denial of the Holy Ghost being a divine person." And nnpage 1000 he says :—"With Deism doubtless UnitarianiBm has an intimate alliance. For Deists reject all the doctrines of the Christian revelation, while Unitarians reject all its peculiar doctrines. 1. The Trinity of persons in the Godhead. 2. The divinity of Christ. 3. The personality of the Holy Ghost. 4\. The miraculous birth of Christ. 6. The atonement of Christ. t>. The sanctification of the spirit. 7. 'ihe existence of angels and spirits. 8. And, therefore of the devuand his angels." " In what, then," says ths learned Dr. Burgess, Bishop of - Salisbury, after this enumeration of the peculiar doctrines of Chris- tianity, " does Unitarianism differ from DeiimP Deists deny the essential doctrines of Christianity by rejecting tbe whole of the Christian revelation, Unitarians reject the Christian revelation by denying all its peculiar and essential doctrines." Well, as regards my own opinion, I think that " total abstainers " should not be intolerant or coeraive if the feelings of some men will not allow them to join a society who have among their number men who hold snch dogmas as those above described, and who like the "Freethinker" glories in the Bame, for one among their number on the evening of the' lecture said he " was proud to be the President of the Unitarian Church." Bnt the boys in the streets of Sydney may as'well try to knock down the walls of Darlinghurst gaol by flipping their marbles against them, and would be just as likely to do so, as Unitarians or Freethinkersare to npset the cause of Christ, for— Such men will not stand np with us and sing- Then let us see that day supreme When none tliy Godhead shall deny, Thy Sovereign Majesty blaspheme, Or count thee less than the Ho*t High. Moreover, I am inclined rather to take the advice of a man like Paul, who said when speakingof a brother who "walked disorderly," not, mark you, who denies that Chritl is God, but a brother who did not live so as to honor the religion of Christ. Panl says, " Note that man and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed, yet ceunt him, not as an enemy, bnt admonish him ss a brother." I must apologise for the length of this letter, but by publishing it I will feel thankful, for so far as I can see from an open Bible it not only tells me that Christ is divine, but that open Bible tenches that all who reject him are condemned already. Honor for erer to the T/imb Who bore our sin, and curse, and Fain, I>et angels bless his sacred Name, And every creature say Alans. O.VB WHO BEADS AXD THINKS. CaeUe H01, Sept. 12, 1886. 