TIhe 'ritic in Tiae Gller-y. By ArEMAoTrLS. The House have dined, and looks h?evier than ever. Langdon leads off with a joke. The Bill is "k resuscitated lhist. and wa:its Siome spirit, or rather dater, krnockId1 into ii. Siubtle, but decidedly better tlhan Ilost Parliamnentary j,,kS, and yet no one notices it. Tihe (Governmlent is thankful fora rest, and the oi.uy-h?caded is too played-out to roar. Laungdon is a universal authority, knows all about it. and explains what the Govern ime,et should ldo. The 11;11 is cumlbrous aeid enqplicated, and too technical " to be ,understumded of the vulgar." The coun try can't imake anything of it. The Water Minister's love of complicated detail is as remarkable as Gladstone's, and hlas much the same cellct. It gives necr vous hieulaches.to those who have to understand him, or to carry out his measure. Bagelht tells how an up oulntry postmaster resigned his position after Gladstone got into power; his poor heaId wasn't able to follow all this maze of interlocking details, and he had to retire into private life. So Deakin threatens to till our asylums with pre isaturely-aged farmers, whose hair turned white within six weeks after the appear ance of this Bill. So at a quarter to 8 this historic Bill gets into committee. The GIoverinuent and most of the water authorities wish to postpone consideration at present, but Bent and the Beast are eager for progress - they always are. Anvthilg, anything to interfere with the wishes of Ministers and of .those who have business really at heart. So Young and Bent reprove Brown and Madden. The mtauy-headed conquers, and the Bill is at last olT the stocks. The launching of the Lady Loch was a trifle to this watery venlture. • A dry streaim"-What is it ? Staugh tn explains. '" A dry stream is a stream that is not dry while it is raining." The House des not seenm quite satisfied. Clause 4, jumping all waters through the colony, seeilms rather "a large order" (to quote Laurens)-and yet a water Bill, like a system of philosophy, must begin iith sonic Ig assumption. It is a big jump though. A mau eau t fill a water cask from a creek without being liable to a lcdal action. There are manlly Scotch men, itseeoms, in the House, but only one Iure Ilighlander, and it is a treat to hear thde true Celtic English among all the lhad Lowland dialects. 'The House S'lupanics" over the big assumpltion. Patterson allays fears. lBrown pats Patterson on the back. Browll is clever, hushing, and decidely oniniscient-in his oll opinion. The House enjoys his cleverness, but kicks a little against the miniscience. The sepulchral steam hamnter fron Ararat also lays down the lay. His elephantine moralisings keep things going till about the half-hour. Deakin has two minutes, and seizes it to draw distinctions, allay fears, and make things plai, Gaunson, lhowever, thinks ditltrently, and that, of course, settles lon. meumbers in their opinions. The lialf-hour is a final taunt front Uaunson at the Premier. After dinner Munro goes on again withi :more fin.ances, and as wonderfully earnest as ever. lie "gets the knife inut" the Premier's prolposals ; but there is always the danger that his excess of virtumous indignation drives him into a side-tnck tl:hat has nothing to do withl the real issue. HIe keeps himlself very quiet, tlimughl the Premier's smile is certainly very e:gravatinmg. That smile i not even, a ieanu:son can stand ; attnd it is ! ni,) wonder thait a cinscientious Scot:i- i tau: is driven wild with it. Munro is I ,dmerate to-ii:ght, refuses to descend to any personat taunts, and keeps the debate at a good level. Deakin replies, showing i that Mu ltro's finances are about a century t ol,. For in thl,ae days every little ite. i of taxation was kept quite separate from its own little item of expenditure-anu ideal of acconmt-keeping that the iMunro I a fancies. Deakin slhows 'Munro to be incoi- t sisteut in language, if not in thought- :ind scores lff the dilliculty the Beast found i undlerst:lmdiug its ,wn ftitancier's statement. Deakin dissipates the Imlo ster's ditficulties. and shows a clearer a power of fillnance than even the comnbined inancieirs- whetlher aldermanic or bank- i i:g-of the other side can produce. r Deakin is nothiug if not clear ald incisive. I IHe always s:ays exactly what he means, t tand memllliers always ulderst?uad exactly f what he says. After the troulled waters t o,f tiunr,'s good intentions, this clear c streiam is plea.sant to drink. Slidls shouts an interruption or two, but, the I Speaker is very lierce, and stands no non- v sense. Why dues Cooper not learn t this lessen also ? Carter ion Deakin. As usual, his speech ,ontsists chliely if sarcastic chalf'and genial sarcasmlll. Shiels tand Carter gener- 1 ally sit ticetler, and their faces beanl I with the sane bright smile. They are birds of a feather - Carter simply a a matured Shiels, tand Shitls mllerely at youthful Carter. Both boyish and unbal- e lasted-clever, and bright, and cutting, s they only differ in the fact that the .yonrtcr man is the more energetic, and I the elder is the more prime and dignified. t Carter's smile is mLore dam:aging than his c 'ratry. andl his conmpliments nmore ln- s jlea:s:nti thlau either. Carter is a great financi:al :tuthority, in his own, estinma- a tiei; hut the House would, doubtless, injo, bth his cleverness and his know l-etlte muchl better if hlie did not go out of his way to iuisunderstand previous sleu. ers. The Ararat sledge Ihatnnerf "oats t, the rescue, but his aid is some- i lt:ht ,,iiressive. The worst of it is that 1 Sllelllliers Iliust listenl; one canlllot but lear thlse. thutderous tones. Tlhen Bent, like \lcLellan rises ponderous and vehe- 1 tent, is ilwa;ys living in tlhe past, and I ailking of " th (GovTernment of which 1 t wts imemiber." Like a decayed gentle ltivotan, he lie vies i the comtempllttion of Siist ,lries-- " teak, pickles, and rolling t,ck." So one is greatly interested in I thlese justilications (if the past, but Bent is f-rcilhy abusive of Railway Comnnis- i siotters and the Governient, att'icks i Deikin with irsonual t:iunts, chaiulenges 4 thle (hiveruiment toi do all kinds of things, aind sits down at length, after having col iributed little or nothing to the debate. It a politician, as in an individual, life is lu?t a 1iior t!hing wlhen it consists entirely ,t t'labusilng One'S contellmporries ant hasiinig of one's ancestors." Yet poor lBent klciws little else of piolitical life. Tuthill juntls on the Beast, and the Beast shws its teeth. It does not love ruthtill, iwho is young, sarcastic, and hls a tuch of that arrolant bumptiousines', ca cheek, th:dat tlhe memtbers of the MIon ster wishl to mionopolise as their own 1ieculi;ar possession. Tuthill sails along v-rt- ilmuchl to his own sattisfaction, but the hIeast hoycotts him. It resolves itself into little caucu!sses, and studiously pays lo attention to tile youilg manl. Laureus ta;kes a cue frot Mu?iuro, and "asks for, itifiinatiini:' darkly hints that tlhe G(teratienti is " robbing the widows and irlnhais '.. whatever that may meini. The iphlase ileases Miumro and Co., and Liur ets repeats it again and again. Enids like (:heuthe, by asking for " nore light." Bli'ntyre scleumily rebukes the cheekly uthnill. The " naughty boy" looks very svere, but rapidly Iecsloes ipersolnail atnd tl.leasat:it. Mimics MI'Lellan to perfec tint. Actio anud gestures and tones are given to the life, but lacks the eleplhtan- tint vehemenice of tlhe Ararat orator. Decl:ares the Beast has no party polities, but is always inmp,.rtially devoted to the interests of the country. Mlembers laugh leartily-thle Premiier's smile especially :ttmtys M'Intyre, anld brings out the T;utir agauin. Scratlch a Scotchmanl, and underneathl yu fin?l a wild Highlander. The M'Intyro has begun well, but is nllow ecoiming as bitter as ever. Like tlhe Munro, hie confesses to probably Jbieing on. lthe wrong track- to which the Hotdise at 'nce aasents. Plays his part Ihonestly int the strainge gtanme of "ins iild-" outs." It ii?itters:litle ariy iy.' Tlihe result is a foregone coliclusion, but the durtain must ring up for three acts, and tile pup pets must play it out till midnight, or the audioice will feel disappointed. At length M'Intyre draws the Premier, who explains at lengtlt to an attentive House. It is all part of the gamie, thout h Hotus alter lot. 