YEPPOON. The celerity with which the bridge work at Jim Crow Creek is being pushed on gives promise of an early completion of that structure. Charlie Taylor, the experienced and genial 'whip 'of the mail coach, will not have then any more ' * hair breadth escapes ' which be has been liable to any wet Beason during his reign on this road. But a ' whip,' of his experience, who, in his journeyings of twenty -two years on the roads of the colo nies without an accident, might now be con sidered to be -'case hardened, ''andfreefromaoy chance of a mishap under any circumstances. The traveller with Charlie can rest assured of being np to time. He has a penchant for being punctual. How few people there are who can say the same. Woe betide the traveller by his coach who is not up to time; he will assuredly be left behind. It is a relief to get out of town daring & weltering weather, such as lately experienced, and to be able to bowl along a fairly good road behind a team of four horeesaccastoniedtopall well together. The spirits are raised, and one feels a lightness altogether refreshing in com parison with the every day ronnd and common task in pf-ra-w \m\ ft\xr\ rr the muni cipality. Before we re'j fairly realise the fact the four hoars' journey is accom plished, and if. one is fortunate enough to have dear friends there to greet one on arrival, the pleasure is enhanced ten-fold when you alight to receive their welcome. My bright little fellows were on the qui vie . I hailed their welcome with delight, as it was born of good spirits and robust health, the this sea-eide retreat, coupled with the love that beamed from their bright eyes, which sparkled at the presence of their j/otrr. The coach had not been long in when the mail was delivered. But there was business on hand, as a meeting of the Veppoon Jockey Club had been announced to be held last Saturday evening. There was a fairly good rolled up. Host Perkins' large room was put in requisition. Mr. Robert lioss, one of the princes of the turf, having been called upon to preside, he opened the proceedings in his accustomed genial manner. He explained thd.t the meeting had met to ducidc uixin a pointed to examine and report oa. When this was done it would be necesbary to decide upon the date of the Easter meeting, and finally to arrange a. programme. All this could be done at the present meeting, il r. J. F. Barry, the club's secretary ami a report, the gist of which was that the committee had decided upon the site forming a portion of the Hon. C. S. D. Melbourne's land near the township, upon which some ex penditure had been made, and the further sum the Club had authorised would put the Mulhuuli then movuJ, and Mr' .S Tucker seconded, and it waa carried -That Mr. Mel bourne lie written to hy the Secretary, settin' forth the Club's requirements, and askine his such portion of the fencing as would I»e necessary in the formation of the course. Tne mover explained it was necessary to adopt this course in order that the Club might have a proper record of the proceedings in this behalf. Hie meeting then partook of a con versational character. It was resolved after a lirelv discussion that Easter Monday, 26th April, 'be fixed as the Club's race day ; that ! six events form the programme, two before j lunch and four afterwards. The first race to I be the Three- Year-Old Stakes, 1 mile, weight for age. The second race the Selling Stakes, once round tiie course, welter weight for age, winner to be sold for a pound, any surplus to go to the Club. The third race was fixed to be the Yeppoon Jockey Club Handicap of £25, H mile. Mr. Whitman guaranteed this prize. 'The fourth race is to be the Stock man's Purse, for bona {Mr stock horses only, with stockmen up, 1 mile. The fifth race was decided upon as the Consolation Stakes, a forced handicap for all horses, losers admitted on payment of fee. The sixth and last race of the day was hit upon as the Pony Race, $ mile, catch weights- A subscription list was opened in the room, when all pot down tbfiir names, and a goodly sum was promised {oi a day's sport, which shonld commend itself to all lovers of such pastime. If the weather be propitious, there can hardly be a doubt of the success of the gathering. The secretary was authorised to obtain subscriptions, and advertise all details. The meeting concluded with enthasiasm. Mr. W. Whitman toot advantage of the occasion to invite the company to refresh in the An outing to the works of the Yeppoon Sugar Company is one of the pleasures of a stay at the township. Bat for the fact that part of the road is like the one said to be to Jordan, ' a hard road to travel' the outing is pleasant enough ; but the sandy scrub flat to be crossed between the beach and the plantation is certainly a caution, and requires a good bit of stuff to negotiate it I happened to be pretty well circumstanced in that respect, but with the temperature in the 90°'s and only a light breeze behind, the half-boor spent in that patch going, and the same coming back, literally put one in a pro fuse perspiration ; indeed it was a clear case of melting moments. But on arrival at the plantation the aspect of affairs is altered, and the eye meets the waving cane-fields in luxurious growth. The position of this property appears all that could well be desired. That the hand of man should have transmogrified the wild bush into this smiling estate in so brief a period is in itself a marvel. In the absence of the manager, Mr. Brace very kindly did the honours of the plantation, and showed us the ponderous machinery and explained its uses. It appears to be a well-ordered con cern. The shareholders naturally hope for a revival in the sugar market, when their pro perty will be to them a good dividend- paying business. I regret to hear the finny tribes in yeppoon Creek have benn subjected to dynamite charges. This is not sport to them, nor do I think it will be generally admitted to be sport in the true sense of the term. That the wholesale slaughter of fish in that fashion was never contemplated by Isaak Walton I feel sore ; it is almost sufficient to resuscitate his corpse and make him appear even as a ghost of his former self, to scare in dividuals addicted to such practices. I hope I shall not hear of any more dynamiting in this relation. It is said that Sanday is part d with at Limestone Creek, on the way to Yeppoon. Be that as it may, on the several occasions I have visited the township there have not been any religious services held there. With all our boasted civilisation and Christianising principles we cannot afford to neglect such tilings. What will be the con sequence to the rising generation ? They will simply ignore the day of rest in its true or defined meaning. Can good come of this? It was openly remarked to me in the township that Sunday is like every other day, and even worse than many. The fact was patent to the most casual observer. The rector of the Anglican Church has an estate near at hand. Land was purchased for an Anglican. Church a long time since, but I am told no services have been held, and there the matter rests, and is likely to do so, until somebody makes occasionally held by other denominations, but only rarely. There is quite sufficient evidence to believe that Yeppoon is going ahead. It rests, how ever, with its inhabitants and well-wishers to make it what they express themselves they would like to sec it. By combined action a moving spirit to uc abroad — some one who has the *' savee ' to know what is wanted, and who has the tact and ability to carry it out. Residents of the district may know such a person. If they do, let them join in support ing him by purse and influence to carry out works for the commonwealth. Upon my return journey on Monday Mr. Wyatt showed me a ram n?-/.» in the form of a 'white hawk, which had been captured without any mutilatiun by young Mr. Athcr tou. It is intended to forward it to one of the societies in Victoria. -:.B. 