INTERCOLONIAL SYDNEY, Dec. 25. j k Several gentlemen have held an inter- view with the Colonial Secretary in order to place before him evidence which, they contended, was sufficient to establish the innocence of William Hill, one of the prisoners now awaiting execution for participation in the Mount Rennie outrage. r The evidence is intended to show that Hill could not have been present when the outrage was committed. Mr. Dibbs, the Colonial Secretary, promised to carefully consider the evidence,aaçl submit it to the next meeting of the Executive. MELBOURNE, Dec. 27. The thirty seventh Intercolonial Cricket Match between Sydney and Melbourne commenced to-day on the Melbourne 'Cricket Club Ground. Five thousand people were Went. The U.S. Welsh- men-occupied the wickets all day and put together 326, runs. , ' Nearly the whole of the population devoted itself to pleasure in various forms today, going in the evening the theatres all of which were packed. On Sunday a fire took place on the premises of Massina & Co., printers, Little Collins Street. The whole of the January Edition of the " Australian Journal " and a number of new issues of Gordon's poems were destroyed. SYDNEY, Dec. 27. It is announced that owing to a dis agreement with the Premier Sir P. Jennings, the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Dibbs is about to vacate his position as a means ber of the Government. At Balmain Police Court to-day's ten youths were charged with being concerned in a riot in front of the Temperance Hall on Saturday night in the course of which a man was stabbed in the back and re -Swainson a precarious condition. They Wore Fremantle. The North German Lloyd's steamer "Preussen arrived yesterday afternoon, and anchored off the quarantine station. The passengerslandodto-day were detained for observation, one of the seamen showing symptoms of small pot; ; he has been isolated. At the Summer meeting held at Rand- wick to-day, attended by 25,000 people, the following were the results : December Stakes, 500 SOVS., 5 furlongs, Hon. J White's Abercorn (Hales) at, Cooper's Huntingtower Kelso) 2nd; Lang's Moorebank (Colley) 3rd. Time, 1 min. 23 secs. Hurdles . Unique (Malone) 1st; Deception (C. Phillips) 2nd; Gobolion (Bolingberry) 3rd. Selling Plate : Murrurundi, 1st ; Lord Cochrane. 2nd . Rainbow, 3rd. The Summer Cup, 500 Sovs., mile and a half . Forrester's Dagobert (Steeper) 1st, Earle's Myall King (C. Gough) 22nd, Forrester's Kitawa (J Gough) 3rd "Won by 2 lengths ; 2 mins. 3 secs. Nursery Handicap- Hon. J. White's Perfume (Hales) 1st. * Lang's Exbauk (Colley) 2nd ; Robert's Orange Blossom (McAuley) 3rd. A. J. C. Handicap, 200 sovs.. mile and a quarter : Cameron's Thewreck (J. Gough) 1st ; Mayo's Ravensworth (Ealem) 2nd ; Emerald (C. Gough) 3rd. Won after a desperate run under the whip by half a head. Time, 2 mins. 16 sees. MELBOURNE, 27th. The midsummer races were held today at Caulfield, before a good attendance. The following are the details of the races Selling Race, Hot Iron (Garry) 1st, F. F. Fiddes' Mistake (Saunders) 2nd. Won easily by a length ; time 1 min. 43" secs. Hurdle Race, Goodwood (Anderson) 1st ; Marion (McGowan) 2nd ; Whalebone (Williams) 3rd. Time 3 mins. 27 secs. Summer Cup : Kohai (Trahan) 1st; Levite 2nd; Metal 3rd; Time 2 mins. 27 sec. Juvenile Stakes : Perhaps, by Gang Forward-Pei*adven-< ture (Fagg), 1st; Escutcheon (Wenny) 2nd; Hortense (Campbell) 3rd. Perhaps was quickest away and led round the turn, followed by Hortense and Escutcheon. Approaching the straight Hortense came up, but in the race home, Perhaps won by a length from Escutcheon ; Hortense close up, was third, and Sumatra fourth, followed by Epicurean ; time 1 min. 32 sees. Steeplechase, Ruby, by Lapidist-Mincepio, list. 7lbs (Williams) 1st: Cnriousity 10st. 8lbs. (King) 2nd; Moonlight, 10st. 4lb. (Allen) 3rd. Malvo n Handicap ; Damocles by Gang Forward - Queen of Naples (Tomlin) 1st. ; Ghost (Williams) 2nd ; Honora (Ramage) 3rd ; 1 min. 32 sees. ADELAIDE. Last night the jubilee of the colony was celebrated by holding an " Old Colonists' Demonstration" in the Town Hall. Two thousand people were present, comprising pioneers of 1836 and old colonists. Tableaux depicting the early scenes of the colony were given. Sir Henry Ayers, K.C.M.G., delivered an address. in which he traced the history of the Colony from its inception. To- day thousands of people have gone to Glenelg, where the fiftieth anniversary of the foundation of the Colony is being observed. At noon the "Protector" fired a royal salute. The Mayor on tertained the old colonists, of whom there was a large gathering. News from Teetulpa continues good, the latest telegrams stating that one load of wash dirt on the western side of Brady's Gully yielded 25 oz. of gold. MELBOURNE, Dec. 28. The Revenue returns to December 22nd give £3,041,00. The estimate for the year ending June next is £6,516,797. The Intercolonial cricket match was continued today, Victoria putting on 213 runs for a loss of 3 wickets. SYDNEY, Dec. 28th. The fireman of the " Preussen " who was reported to be sickening has now developed small pox. Three other persons in the steamer who have shown symptoms of the disease have been isolated this morning. The German barque " Erl King "s? from Sydney to Shanghai, 15 days out. has put into Newcastle in distress. When about 150 miles off land, on the 15th inst., she experienced terrible weather and a rough sea which carried away the port bulwarks and stanchions and two ships' boats besides smashing the third boat. No lives were lost. ADELAIDE, Dec. 29. Another of the passengers at the quarantine station from the " Preussen " has developed symptoms of confluent small pox. 