It could only have been waufc of discretion on the part of the management of the Telephono Company which allowed tho negotiations with the Government to ter minate in a deadlock. A proper regard for the interests of the shareholders justified a demand for as favorable terras as were likely to be obtained, but, con sidering the strength of the Government position, it was injudicious to hold out for an unreasonable amount of compensation. It cannot be forgotten that the interven tion of the Government was in great part brought about by the inefficient manage ment of the company. The subscribers were dissatisfied, and had some claim to look to the Government for relief, since, owing to the policy adopted by the department at the time, a virtual mono poly had been created in a matter affecting tho public at large. The Postal Department appears to have arrived at the conclusion that the refusal to establish a telephone exchange under State control in 1880 was a mistake which it is now de sirable to rectify, but the fact remains that the department declined to take the risk at that time and abandoned the task to private enterprise, con ceding certain privileges to the Telephono Company for a period of 10 years, at the expiration of which the Government wai to have the power of purcliasiug the un dertaking. Four years of this term have yet to run, and the Government has de sired, in the public interest, to anticipate the period of purchase. As, under the circumstances, there could be 210 ques tion of a renewal of privileges at the con clusion of tho 10 years, there should not have been much difficulty in arriving at the value of tho company's prospective profits for the unexpired term. Tho pur chase money would not necessarily have been limited to the nraouut of those profits and the value of the instruments and fittings, since a company surrendering its business for the public advantage is in variably treated with generosity. But in this case Mr. B3T011 Moore assumed a lofty position, demanded Jt 78, 000 for the busi ness, and interposed difficulties in tho way of arbitration, alleging that 'the company had no desire to sell. AVe may presume that it was owing to displeasure at the unsatisfactory way in which the ne gotiations were conducted on behalf of the company that Mr. Derbam brought them to a close, and aunounccd the inten tion of the department to forthwith in augurate a separate telephono exchange under the direct control of the State. It is sufficiently obvious that it is not to the interest of tho company that the official threat should be carried into exe« cution. The profits of the concern would uecessariiy dwindle under the pressure of competition by the State, whioh, with better appliances, could offer greater facilities to the public at a cheaper rate, being under no necessity of realising a profit on tho busiuess. There are# it is true, occasions when pri vate enterprise can compete successfully with the Slate, through the application of greater administrative energy and more economical management. But in such cases private enterprise must have no re striction on the period of its operations, Tho Telephone Company would have to look forward to the termination of its career in four years, and would, consequently, have no inducement to introduce improvements on any extensive scale. A corporation which has its early extinction in view can only be expected to make the most of its opportunities of realising profits, having no object in conciliating the permanent good will of the public. The invariablt effect of such negotiations as have been going on between the Government and the Telephone Company is to put a check upon the progressive energy of the corpo ration proposed to bo bought out, tho public suffering accordingly, so that it it always desirablo that such negotiations, once entered upon, should be brought to a close with the utmost celerity. AVe may suppose that Mr. Derham'i withdrawal from the negotiations with the company is not necessarily final, but it rather in tho nature of a diplomatic move, intended to bring the com pany to some definite terms. Although the Government is under no legal dis abilities as to entering into competition with the company, there are certain con siderations which would weigh against fcht adoption of that course. AVheu the field was clear, six years ago, it was open to tho Government to have occupied it and shut out all- competition, but it distinctly refused to undertake the work at all, and virtually invited the promoters of the present company to engage in it, volunteering its aid by the grant of certain privileges for o period of years. The Government is bound to adhere to that agreement in its spirit as well as literally. Mr. Derham appears to think that he trill avoid all harshness to the company by leaving it in possession of the privileges it pow possesses, but refusing to erect further wires for tho company's convenience. The Government would thus step iu in the middle of the term agreed upon and arrest tho further development of the company's business. In the absence of an expressed agreement to the contrary, tho company would be justified iu expect ing that the privileges granted would be conceded to their full extent during the whole period for which tho arrangement was made. Were thero no question of "he creation of aStato telephone exchange, wo presume there would bo no idea entertained of restricting the operations of 'the company to its existing business. If one of the privileges conferred upon the company by the Government was tho erection of new lines from time to time as they were required, it would be a very near approach to a breach of faith to discon- tinucthe erection when little more than half tho stipulated term had expired. . While wo freely admit that the company has been remiss iu its duty to tho public, and has shown a disposition to arrogance in the recent negotiations with the Government, the latter, it must be remem bered, has the publio honor in its chargo, and must take care that there be not even the semblance of a breach of faith in re gard to any contract into which it may have entered. It is to bo hoped that tho result of the directors' meeting will bo a rapprochement between tho company and the Government, and an arrangement to refer tho price to be paid for the com pany's business and effects to arbitration. The directors will no doubt recognise that the company is to a largo extent in the power of the Government, and that a continuance of the strugglo must needs be detrimental to tho interests of the share holders. Both the Government and any board of arbitrators which may be ap pointed will no doubt recognise that tho transaction is somewhat of tho nature of a forced sale, and the shareholders may, consequently, feel assured of generous treatment in any award which may bo made. From the public point of view, it is most dcsirablo that the State telephonic system, when introduced, should bo complete, and that no rival ex change should bo left in oxistcnco to create confusion for years to come. An imme diate and fair settlement being best for the company, tho Government and the public, an effort should be made to bring it about, and, probably, if caro bo taken to eliminate disturbing elements, no great difficulty will be experienced in arriving \t a mutually satisfactory arrangement. It is astonishing what a difference a changed point of view makes in the obser vation of any particular subject. In Anstey's clover story of "Vice Versa," old Bultitudo entertains a firm conviction that % schoolboy cannot be efficiently trained without a duo administration of birch, but when, through the operation of the magical Geruda stone, he is enabled to look at tho question from the youthful standpoint ho finds out how mis taken he has been. Our Conservative con temporary has gone through an experience somewhat analagous to tho Bultitudo pro cess without tho assistance of a Geruda stone. There was a time when it held the premier position in Victorian journalism, and the graceful ease with which it ac cepted all the perquisites appertaining to the situation could not have been ex celled by Jcamcs do la Plucho himself. Now that it can no longer lay claim to a nonopoly of these good things it enters a vehement protest against them. Circum- itances have compelled it to turn virtuous, nd it insists that there shall be no more "cake3 and ale." Wo should not be greatly concerned about this trausmutation if our erstwhile voracious contemporary were to prefer its complaint in a plain and unadorned fashion. Allowances must ever be made for tho imperfections of human nature. Old Bultitude, ooustrained to look at tho outer world through tho tearful eyes of a persecuted schoolboy, found that a cane in tho hands of a vigorous pedagogue pre sented quite a different aspect to what he had previously supposed, and, in like manner, no one can be surprised to find that our contemporary, having come down in the world, holds altered views regarding contracts between Governments and news papers. These things present much the same appearance when viewed through a hundred eyes as when looked at through two, and wo should not have noticed our contemporary's grumbling if it did not insist on disguising its real sentiments under a Pecksniflian pretence of anxiety about the welfare of tho public in general and the provincial press in particular. It is consumed with a fear lest Parliament" should be induced to enter iuto an un holy partnership with 1 1 one or other of "the Melbourne daily papers" for the publication of an enlarged Hansard, and affects a lofty indifference as to which paper might be selected. Some years back, when a contract was entered into with one or other of those papers for the publication of Hansard, and tho Argus happened to bo that paper, nothing was heard about tho unfairness of the proceeding, and the State was not supposed to incur any danger in con sequence. Our contemporary was quite happy and contented. It went further, and demonstrated to its own complete satisfaction that it was a just and righteous proceeding for the bulk of the Government advertisements to bo given to the journal with the largest circulation. Governments, it maintained, ought to act like private men of business, and deal with those who could yield them the beBt return for their money. It has discovered now that tho publica tion of a daily Hansard must on no account be undertaken in accordance with these business principles, not because its own point of view has undergone change, but upon high moral grounds. The proceeding is one the "impropriety" of which is patent. It is to avoid unfair ness to tho "community as a whole," and because "the country journals would bo ( ( placcdiu a difficult position, " that all con nection between a Melbourne newspaper and the Parliamentary Hansard is to be sternly prohibited. It would have been well for our contemporary's reputation if this discovery had been made a score of years ago. It might then have been re garded as a self- sacrificing tribute to prin ciple. Now, its outcries convey no ethical significance. On the contrary, there is a wail about them ominously like that which old Bultitude raised when he was being whipped. The country press will know how to ap praise at its proper value the sympathy which tho dr-jus has suddenly conceived for it. How many provincial journals are there unaware of the role which that faper . has played iu past years ? It would be a sorry day for them if they had to trust to its magnanimity for their chance of independent existence, or were incapable of fighting their own battles. They have flourished with out much patronage from that quarter in the years gone by, and they aro unlikely to overflow with gratitude because it is pleased to affect a sudden solicitude on their account. Tho cloven hoof peeps out from below tho robe of this journalistic philanthropist, and our country cousins arc quito sufficiently wido awake to be enabled to detect it. One of the modern imitators of iEsop tells a story of it barn-door cock who, while he occupied the pride of place and revelled in tho prime of roostcrhood, crowed almost continuously, and made his spurs uncomfortably perceptible to all tho feebler roosters in the neighborhood, but when lie declined into j," tho sere and yellow leaf," and age got the better of him, mounted his own particular dunghill, aud called out to his feathered brethren — " Let no indi- " vidual crow by himself ! Let us hence- " forth crow in unison !" If there is to be an enlarged Hansard, says the Argns, "it should be published not by and for one "paper, but by aomo neutral office, " for all the papers to take at tho same " time and upon tho same terms." It is like tho poor old rooster of the fable ; it wants all to crow iu unison. Well, it need not disturb itself just now, either on its own account or out of an affected anxiety for "the country journals." There is not a ghost of a prospect of Parliament committing itself to the publication of a daily Hansard, so the Argus can take comfort in tho thought that no occasion will arise for a Government contract to be entered into with "one or other of the ' ' Melbourne daily papers " upon the sound business principles which once wero so acceptable to it. 