To THEJEDIXOE." Sir—I cannot undertake to follow Rev. Mr. Kirby in his somewhat diffuse remarks re evolution, etc., nor do I wish to pose as a scientist, which I am not, but I lay claim to sufficient intelligence to enable to pass a verdict upon the evidence the advocates of evolution profess to bring forward in its favour. The facts necessary to substantiate the theory not being forthcoming, are we not justified in refusing to look upon it as anything but a theory, and only a theory ? Mr. Kirby seems to think that by the aid of this theory, Christianity is going to make rapid strides. It is significant that the freethinkers of Adelaide have an idea that this theory is going to assist them in overturning Christianity, hence they are having lectures delivered upon it, and I have no doubt they are delighted with some of Mr. Kirby's utterances. Mr. Kirby says, " It appears to me that many religious teachers ought by this time to be thoroughly ashamed of their virulent and bigoted oppositien to evolution." From my acquaintance with the religious teachers of the day, I can say that "virulent and bigoted opposition" to any well ascertained scientific fact cannot be fairly laid to their charge. Some religious people in the past have been rather slow in receiving scientific truth, but is that any reason why we should be ready to embrace every new theory that may be founded on probabilities and perhapses only ? A few months ago Professor Huxley •wrote, " A scientific investigator is wholly incompetent to say anything at all about the first origin of the material universe," and I think he never wrote truer words. Students of embryology, when they tell us about the development of plant from seed, or animal from ovum, we will listen to, but when they go beyond this into the region of conjecture and theory in order to account for the origin of life, I for one will hestitate to follow them till they first prove the theory of " spontaneous generation," and also solve the problem as to the prior existence of the hen or the egg. Mr. Kirby boldly avows his belief in the postmillennial advent of Christ. How he can consistently use the prayer, " Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly," I cannot understand, when in truth he does not want the Lord Jesus to come yet for a long time. If the world is to be brought first to Jesus' feet, and a millennium to follow before His advent, we may rest assured that our Lord will delay His coming. I do not think the Holy Ghost and the Gospel predestined failures. I believe in sitter- natural selection and survival of the fittest, and that God is calling out a people for His name by the Gospel from all nations. Ae the propheBieB concerning the humiliation, suffering, and death of the Lord Jesus were literally fulfilled, so I believe those which predict the glory that should follow, and refer to the times of the restitution of all things of which God hath spoken by His prophets since the world began, shall in like manner be literally fulfilled; for if we resort to a strained and unnatural interpretation of these prophesies, do we not cut the ground from under our feet when in disputing with the infidel and Jew we refer to fulfilled prophesy P I know and believe that the doctrine of the pre-millennial personal coming of the Lord Jesus will do more to help forward true Christianity than any theory of evolution, or the reception of any scientific fact, and thank God that this doctrine has spread wonderfully during the past twenty-five years. Dr. Brown's book is a very able one, but it will never stand against the "-sure word of prophecy, which shines as a light in a dark place." Mr. Kirby says he has a " wonderful faith in the power of the Holy GhoBt." Now there is nothing wonderful in my faith, but if the Holy Ghost had revealed (hat the world was to be brought to Christ by the preaching of the Gospel, I should feel bound to accept it; but as He has said that the wheat and tares are to grow together till the end of the age, I believe it will be so. As He has said expressly that in the last days perilous times will come, I believe that too. As He has said, " When the Lord shall build up Zion He shall appear in His glory," I believe it. When by His grace He teaches me to look for the blessed hope and the appearing of the glory of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ, I expect it. I believe also what He tells us in Acts iii. 20, 21, Zechariah riv., Dan. vii., Rev. xx., and numerous other passages of Scripture, and hope the time will yet come when Mr. Kirby will not consider these as " interesting notions " merely, but as far more practical truths than the evolutionary theory. So, Brother Kirby, let us shake hands and say with the Germans, " Schlafen sie wohl." Yours truly, THOMAS NEILL. [This correspondence must not drift into a discussion on the second coming of Christ.— ED.] 