V.A.T.e. JOTTIMGS. the sporting section o/ (he conimunil/ were provided with a day's racing " on tbe heath" on Boxing Day, but despite the fid of the weather boinfi fine in tbe morn'mani the promise! of a first-class programme cd ' events, the Attendance was miserably pflpr; 1 in feet it was about the smallest gathering 1 that lias assembled on the course on oaj holiday. The question naturally arises, Wllat is the reason ? Counter attractions, i Well, scarcely that, as there always are ' counter attractions on a holiday. BattbeB is no gain Baying the fact that those who go to the flat can see but very little, if f the pacing, and, if tlie " people's stand 8 utilised, there are no feettmg men near with whom to do business. t The event as of yore wos . Selling Race, and as the Caulfirid I generally hold a lien on tliat stake, it YpB ' only according .to the fitiress of 1 that Mistake, aapechilly wth an avtist lire Sanders op, should he the elected one, F F. being fNind ia dffliluta. After a long 1 delay at the pofit; owfne'to the fractnusres ' of Hot Iron PJiffibe Walton, the lot «« i a mi Utmr 'innrn»r. Tlio fflVOnnt# Hi , thetirst to anticipate toe descent of closriy followed by Seaweed and- F. «. Ttodnaing the turn Mistake hung w Seaweed liugged- the rails, with F. F. on ha girths, Hot Iron a oonple of lengths aw. F. F. quickly disposed of Seaweed ana to en Mistake, and the sonot Napoleon was m ton challenged by Hot Iron, who, ansirenng Gorry's every call, came on and wan eosuy. The downfall of Mfati'e?wbo is a aon el Danfa. did not augur well for coincidences, as Mosstrooper is same sire. The dual winner o! the Butto Race at Wsgga was made a eirong »>ap for the HnrSle Race, however, and « ® -seqoel proved he was not «oc« H £ h? tell. Goodwood, yrio Mesrovee Md&tm; and! DistiHor irera the "rafa backed. The ten rnnnere were | good start,, and IVbalebone Carved out the pone, imf stand, opposite which IuiS' -v hhnl rtat; struck heavily arid cartf top of Dan O'Brien, his/nder. , Louis struck with' »u(h force t Avar instead : of laying on._, ' 4jfc ioekey, who in tura alw roll . hareca whiob were hehind bun . the ardent were so do« i Et-K their pilots ooqld not puU tlremo fears pf the spectators woulfl meitwiSi'serions, if nottt»,rEf. Wfey>llopea r Hs rejumbe -TOipn the "last horee pessed. , fscl (M wis -seen to pring on hack of big . head,- e OS"? walk across the «fcvnig>'b ,M_se froffl®? far a genuine ontburet crowd -at the jookoy s esosp6" . miraoulons one it was too. r, >- f. l - k- ridef Whilst the aooident to Jmnbdr '< occnpyingjhe attention ® u auijijfJP peraona WlialobonB_was Ae rauning iniWHmto»«lrg far Bide was being tbe Borne bookmakers -standing happened to the favonnte : to ; there was, for he had cpmeto j5g i Aristides. Whalebone oonbnn'4 1(" » -nil nmi towirfs the home tarn, Mjj.ly., inlemla by Morron, Good- toPiirt- ii"l "' T- B- B®1"® raachi2£ y®F«P.2ningv BW&T; he «)IlthyjMf iSSo! lensthi from Marron, who Boa ' JJBSflntentwiS another Becond, Whale- I' iSWngti with DistiUer abad f011 P PS aoWn at the last obstacle, but fir =Cox, joe., was in the saddle in an i fut, ana as the horse rose his nder was I; iiimlKher penalt»Hortmise was strongly I Jmnnrted for the Juvenile Stakes, whilst a rSnaratively unknown quantity in Es- ntohecra was .so heavily backed that he m mied second plaoe in the list of quota- Perhlps, who was thought to have htflsadi a heavy claim on the last Mari- knueng Plate, was well backed at fours. 2L price was forthcoming about the other I : fljjwbenthe flag fell, and, takidg up a good motion next the rails, the sister to Guess- Jnl finally reached home just in front of few Zealander, who ran very green at 4,3 commencement, but when he began to —ce there was no doubt as to his pace and -uneaess. Hortense ran a great race under Sr!j«jght, and she fihjshqfl third; With, 3Sntia next. The time, 1mm . SJeeC ., nas I usrer, 1 think, been equalled at Gaulfield prsvixriy. .... I flitniBAT, as usual, provided the favourite I flu (he Steeplechase, for which (he good field of fourteen -horses saddled up for the 200 an Promotion, ridden, by vGnrigap, was flu popular fancy,' and "i 'ahhrt price was about his winning, whilet Contingent was next in demand. Of the remainder Baby and Curiosity were the most freely Supported. Sent off, the first fence proved fatal to the chances of Contingent and Boulette, and the second obstacle saw the downfall of Promotion, who gave his rider 8 liasty fall. A little further on the field Was still more reduced by the-banlking of Letitia, Songster, and Beticent. In the meanwhile CnrioRity led throughout, fencing splendidly, until the last fence was cleared, when Buby, who had been gradually over- banting him, got on terms at the bottom of the straight, and fairly walked in, winning by a dozen lengths. Old Moonlight was third, with Atlas and Lizette next. Many .....a /tntTtlftTl fllot if ITitlfl It«i4 persons ncic vi ""«! wh forced Curiosity along, the mare would never have reached him, but, as we know, the daughter of Lapidist is very fast on the flat, and -even had the favourite atood up he would have had all his work cut out to have frpnfsm her. Promotion, last Boxing Day twelve months, at Warrnambool, when run ning in the Steeplechase there, fell, so it would appear &b; if that day was not a lucky ' one for the son of Postmaster. Mr. W. S. Cox, juD<t through his mount ailing with him opposite the stand in the second round, hfef! anppportunityof repeating his dexterity in regaining his seat, as he did in the Hardle R&ce;, before his mount rose from the ground. The feat was deservedly cheered. Conigan vas able to walk about before the last race came on for decision. When business opened on the Summer Cup Western was made favourite, then The Levite came with a rattle, and finally Kohai was backed from six down to three to one for a lot of money. Of tlie fourteen others which went to make ur» th#> field Fteb :. - 1 . " ; ' v,. M-V. l;»\ wiv. ,1 -.y.ij, - \- 1 -.Oil- ' t> >, u - . ' - . "I 'i- ."n'-j a' is;.: .1 lit. . !» x who came wonderfully fast at the finish, fourth, and Fish o' Silver fifth. Sixteen was the main for the concluding nuse, the Malvern Handicap, and Munwyr- tiua was made favourite at the start of the proceedings. Damocles, however, supplanted Mr. Miller's colt for the premiership, and jQ6t before the .start the son ot Gang Forward was deposed by The Ghost, who had a large following, who backed the chestnut eon of Hamlet for "a POtj Of money." Bcckwith cut out the early Fork after the start had been delayed through the fractiouBness of Unoas, who was eventually left at the post. The son of The Diver led into the straight, where Damodes fihot out, and, coming on, looked as if he would win by a dozen lengths. The Ghost, however, singled himself out from the body of the field,and, Williams driving him along, he speedily reduced Damocles lead. Half way home The Ghost was seen to falter, and Btqpped, but Williams sent hi -1-- "i 7\. '.sfL'W Uz.ti ate'sju! I\\- : Mill OfL . » " - ' v. uv!. h < ' .'ii: : Lasl yfr" . V>'lfr;l 'v — K'Llo ai: finished to M»- it " .« n n :ii tin: V.1UJ, Norman', j SUl.>v. U ->.-mainh ' K> r f T?iv pin-;.; ' '0 be ca. t!V they art rot \- -i-- : "tu '.r- -.rva of s 