MY FIRST SITTER. (Concluded ) -Belgravia. In welcoming Mr Cameron my skirt caught the foot of the skeleton, which rattled ominously. ‘What a horrible thing, Miss Ward ! How can yon keep suck a terrible bag of bones in your room ? It makes my flesh creep, I assure you. 5 ‘Have we Dot all a skeleton in the copboard V I answered, smiling gaily. ‘I keep mine here; it is used when I draw. 5 ‘Would you mind, Miss Ward, taking it away? You may think me foolish, but this skeleton makes me miserable. 5 ‘ Oh, of course, I will ! 5 and, taking it up in my arms, I carried it into the next room. ‘Thank you; but rather than that you should think me troublesome, I shall give yon a good reason. A few years ago I lost my wife and then two bairnies 5 (bis voice shook as he said this). ‘ Any thing that reminds me much of death is painful, and as you are going to paiut my picture I had better not have a miserable expression. 5 I placed hlr Cameron in half-shadow; it was some time before I decided on the attitude. At last I settled upon a three-quarters, with his bauds resting on his knee?. When I had drawn him in charcoal he come to look at it, and gave a gruut not expressive of admiration. ‘lt is very black, and looks stiff; but you know best. Excuse my bluntness. 5 It is a mistake to allow a sitter to peep before the picture is nearly finished; you cannot tell the transformation it will go through. He was astonished at my palette, and the rapid way I laid my tints. He had never some in contact with painters, or anyone who understood art. I think the peep he had taken disconcerted him, and he did not ask to look again, When I attacked the nose I was puzzled, Ought Ito copy it faithfully, buds and all ? I was inclined to idealise, so toned down the vermillion tints. After I had four sittings the portrait had made considerable progress, and on that fourth a y invited him to lunch, He was ray confidential; told me about bis ome in the north, of his loneliness since the loss of his wife and bairnies; he had married late in life, and was quite alone now. ’ Ah lasaie!' he exclaimed, ‘ I am a ray solitary man now, with no one to Caie . re % for me, but I feel that the spirits of my lost ones hover constantly wound me. Still I have my farm laborers II t eu families, and take an interest ? 1 eir we hare. I have built a chib for e men and a school for their children on my estate. 5 While he talked I watched his face, o noticed the extreme benevolence of ..a o£pie?sinn. That day, seeing the r. ° °P l:!le d, he asked me as a great la ra to play f(, r him. 5 shall sil >g “Highland Mary 55 for lnntf sat , beui " d rae > but ;is there was a his f a " a * 3S j * D ront me I could see emotion 1 h'T sur f is :lt tfae stro "S almost betrayed; his face grew blue eyes^ lte> Wb^e tears stood in his goMeu hours on angels’ wines. iC? er “ 9 roy dearie 'ome as life light , ' i Higbl tnd Mary, heat toT' 6 'be exclaimed, * what a voice n f 6ar - ?nu san g. You have the “ 01 a n angel.’ Boon.’ 11 * 5 e an^B ar| d braes of Bonnie hWsifiot M j k i i erCbl 1 e L wa3 in co »stant re ‘You V Wrd hlm sob out loud core. I c , n aV ? move d me, lassie, to the hack too Krr ot S , taD d an y more. It brings syne; 8(1 ° n ® tbe . d a y s of auld lang poor oiq m , must the sorrows of a He I with* 1 ted 00 ' C “ 1 " Sr eat, y agitated 1“ J °"UDIe promisin S to return 0r a three bo - S ’ afc tbe same hour, TheeSr? llll^- hWrzit cannot*, tr ? u bl e I bad over this 11 ’car fearful|o Some days to “ c he 6 here and'rtf’ the ° 1 would P ut u ld vanieb t -•?' 65 and the likeness “"dy the foot a ' d not wish render to bri.t--f° f tbe "ran, but ,‘1 never saw . U bl . B lnner character. 8 re marked n n° P ain st;ikiug a lassie,' JH«o much 6 ; yj > u are so ab succeed.’ ° earnest > you sorely WaMt t 0 do »o, Mr !i lMh6 eXDi r V- diEcul t «nhj»ot| rsndef '.j ” Which I find difficult the Portrait j B filing. 5 Vanet y of stages truly hat aftSrao ° D » ; - Cameron 'S departing, my brother came in. I saw him casting a supercilious look through the eye-glass at my sitter. ‘ Well,’ Jack remarked with his cyni cal smile, ‘ I cannot congratulate on the beauty of your sitter; he looks like .a cattle drover, and what a nose, by Jove ! I expect he is fond of the whiskey bottle.’ I He went into my studio and gave vent to a loud gaffaw. ‘ Well, Ursula, you have succeeded; this is hideously, brutally like the old cove. It would do for a sign post for a country inn, a drunken Sileuus, or mine host with a tankard of beer and a long clay pipe; but it is vulgar.’ ‘Do you think so?’ I exclaimed, very despondent; * is it a failure, Jack V ‘Ho, it is too like,’ and he laughed again; * but there is such a thing as being too true; you have softened no thing. Now that nose is an exact ren dering of the original, pimples and color ’ That night I was in despair. I took the portrait to my bedroom, placed it on the easel facing my bed, hoping that on awaking next morning after a refresh ing sleep I should see what was wrong and where I could flitter and tone down defects. I had a nightmare that night;, the portrait seemed that of an ogre with at least half a dozen swollen, Vermillion noses. I had a dim sensation of getting out of my bed, lighting a candle, fetching my palette and brushes, and in my noc turnal garments and asleep, painting on the picture. Next morning the housemaid came into the room with the hot water. ‘ Oh, Miss !’ she exclaimed, ‘ what has happened to the picture ? It is all sorts of colors, chiefly blue and yellow, and looks like a corpse. Oh, it is dreadful!’ I sat up. What did I see ? The portrait indeed looked like a decomposed corpse. ‘I must have worked at it in my sleep, Susan; you see my palette is full of color, and ray brushes have paint on them. It is tno, too vexatious—what shall I do? Get me the turpentine which is in my studio.’ When 1 got the turpentine I managed to efface the nocturnal somnambulistic work; but the fates were against me, and I wept bitterly. Was this picture going to be a failure? When Mr Cameron came for his sitting he noticed my dejected appearance, and asked me if anything bad happened to annoy me. ‘ I have a headache.’ (What would we poor women do without our head aches? for they cover such a multitude of sins and omissions.) ‘ You worry yourself tno much over this portrait; I feel ashamed of the trouble I am giving you. I had no notion that portrait painting was so diffi cult.’ ‘ Yes, I am in a “SWigb of Despond.”’ I scraped and scumbled. After an hour’s work the old ghost reappeared, and strange to say, look.ed better than it ever did before—there was a pleasant surface to work on. Mr Cameron was more silent than usual, but his eyes r-ested on me with great earnestness, and his manner was very sympathetic. ‘ You are a very hard-wnrki ug lassie!' he exclaimed, ‘ ar.d so gifted; I shall be sorry when the sittings are over, for I have enjoyed your society too much almost.’ ‘You have been very patient, Mr Cameron, and now I atn going t o give you a few days’ holiday, in order to allow your portrait to dry thorough ly,’ On leaving that day Mr Cameron . held my hand lnnr;er than usual and sight id. Poor old maul I felt soiry for him; .he was lonely. The next day being Thursday, I went to the National Gallery and set to work on my copy of Andrea del Sarto; his face seemed more beautiful than e ver. That day’s work refreshed and comforted me. That evening I received a letter frona Harold, telling me he had something im portant to say to me. Something im portant! Must probably he was going to have-a living, and, if so, our marriage would soon take place. The next morning a magnificent bou qnet of roses was left at the door for Miss Ward. ' How nice of dear "Harold to be SO thoughtful ! T mentally exclaimed, while sniffing the glorious roses and enjoying the bright feast of color. The bouquet was wrapped in silver lace, and round the stem I saw for the first time a card, which had escaped- my notice. ‘ From Mr Donald Cameron, with his kindest regards.’ ‘ Ob, so it was not from Harold 1 But how kind of Mr Campron ! Now I must really flatter him. Taking up the por trait I did my very best to put in a benevolent expression. I mellowed down the nose and toned down the. warm coloring of the face, and managed, in a measure, to give the expression of be nevolence. The black coat looked too new to be artistic, the shirt front bulged out like a fat pigeon’s breast, and the coral studs were too prominent; the hands were not well pointed, but the carbuncle ring was a triumph of skill. When Mr Cameron appeared again, I fancied he looked thinner and paler. I thanked him for the bouquet. ‘ Ah, lassie, no more thanks; it has been a real-happiness ; I wish you would accept flowers from me every morning. I long to do something that might give you pleasure. I really don’t know what I am to do when this portrait is over.’ ‘You astonish me, Mr Cameron, in regretting the sittings are ower; most people consider sitting for a portrait such a bore.’ ‘ Ab, no ; not to a cbarmimg, young, gifted creature like you. You must re member I am a lonely old man, and seldom find my way into the society of young ladies.’ * Would you like another peep at your portrait?’ I said rather brusqi lely, for I wished to put an end to tt te personal tarn the conversation was tak Eng, • You have flattered me,’ he remarked, after looking at my perform .mice for a few seconds in silence;,‘ but : never mind that. I like to think that ; you have seen me in such a kindly listh t.’,' ‘Shall I sing for you. Mi : Cameron.? | .You have sat long enough f -ior me to-i day.’ . I went to the piano, and t rhile I was looking for some-music, in t? ae - rack,iMt Cameron sat down oh the m usic stool. ! ; ‘ Are you 'going to plsr jr- for me?’-1' asked, smiling at^him. I should like to 1 hear you so much.’ He did not answer, but turned round and round on the stool, mopping the perspiration from his face with a scarlet handkerchief. There was a queer ex pression in his face, evidently he was suffering from a severe attack of nervous ness. ■ He whirled round and round like a teetotum] the stool creaked and groaned under his heavy weigh] his eyes were wild and rolled about fearfully] I beard bis voice, but it was so husky I could barely distinguish the following words— ‘lama lonely, elderly man, but that is no reason why I should not have a heart, and I must tell you that’(now the stool gave a tremendous squeak) ‘ I love you—yes, I do. Will you give me some hope ?’ A loud knock at the front door. / ‘ Oh, Mr Cameron, please don’t say anything more on the subject] it is really too painful;’ but before I could say another word Mr Cameron was sprawling on the floor], the stool bad given way. Harold walked' in, and we were locked in each other’s arms, but I disengaged myself quickly. ‘ Oh, Mr Cameron, I am so sorry! Are you hurt ? He has been sitting for his portrait, Harold,’l gasped out. Harold, who was a very shy young man, colored upj be had not noticed the prostrate form almost lying at my feet. ‘Oh, allow me to help youj the stool has given way, I see,’ exclaimed Harold. I could not look at Mr Cameron, for I felt how wretchedly ill at ease he must be. ‘ I am a little faint,’ he muttered, getting up, ‘ but the fresh air will set me up. lam going—where is my hat?’ I saw the hatj he had put it on the coal-scuttle. Evidently he did not know wbat he was doingr ‘ Oh, Mr Cameron, don’t go yet,’ I said; ‘you have had a shake. This music-stool is not in. good order. lam so sorry; do stay a little longer.’ ‘No, I must go now, Miss Ward, I have stayed too long ; but allow me to congratulate you on your good luck,’ addressing Harold. While his back was turned I rescued his hat from the coal scuttle. ‘Now, Mr Cameron, here is your hat, but I won’t give it to you till you tell me when you will iindly come for one more sitting, for I have not done justice to your expression. He has been such a I patient sitter,’ I remarked, speaking to Harold. ‘ Are we not friends, Mr Cameron ?' ‘ God bless you both. I wish you every happiness,’ and before I knew wbat be was about he bad pulled his hat from my haud, aud was on the doorstep. I never told Harold, or, indeed, any one, that Mr Cameron had proposed to me; I felt grieved and uneasy. Had 1 been guilty of flirting or misleading in any way that kindly man who was so lonely? I sincerely hoped he would get. some suitable, nice woman to be his wife, for I was almost young enough to be his granddaughter. A few days after this last episode I received the following note from Mr Cameron : ‘Dear Miss Ward, —I find that I must leave London immediately. There is no necessity for me to give you another sitting, as I am perfectly satisfied with the portrait you have painted of me. I have ordered a Venetian frame and plate glass for it; the framer will call in a couple of days. ‘ Please accept the enclosed cheque for £ICO. I dcui’c think £6O could possibly repay you for the trouble and anxiety you have had; and as you are going to be married a little money is always use ful. If you should have time to spare, I should much like you to accept another commission from me, ie., a duplicate of the picture you were copy ing at the National Gallery when I first uiet you; I should like to have it for my drawingroom in Scotland. With my best wishes for your welfare.—Yours, I sincerely, Donald Cameron.’ I sent the copy of Andrea del Sarto I to Mr Cameron. Three mouths later I I was married to Harold, and we went to live in a pretty village in Devonshire. The money I earned from Mr. Cameron was certainly a help; but it' is ever with .a mixture of pleasure and pain I think of my first sitter! Never since have I b. ten asked to paint a portrait profes si anally. 