HODDLE'S CREEK. \-- o (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Feb,. 22 We have had an unusually hot week, but on Saturday the rain came down in torrents, drenchiug anyone who had the misfortune to be out in it. The sud- den change from heat to cold will pro- duce the usual amount of "colds," and one may expect to be tormented by hoarse barkings in various. keys, and makes one wish that the great electrician (Edison) would invent a 'patent double-barrelled, self- acting,.automatic, reverseible, handkerchief," which would rise triumphant at the very ghost of a sniffle, for reasons. which will be obvious. Mining on the Creek is about the same. The City of Melbourne have let the driving of their tunnel by contract, and good headway is being made. The Enterprise party are now raising stone from the reef, and I expect a trial crushing will soon. be put through the mill. Mr. Brown, beyond applying for his lease, has not proceeded any further in his undertaking. I hope this gentle- man does not intend to throw up his lease, as the starting of a company to work the reef would do a lot of good, and I feel sure that the reef is worth a good trial. A race meeting was hold at the Home Hotel, Launching Place, on Saturday evening. The meeting passed off very successfully, and office bearers were appointed to fill the different vacancies. The races will be held, as heretofor on Easter Tuesday, and a These races were were well attended last year, and, deserve every support, as they were the first in the district. Again I say they are knocking about your correspondent. Why cannot they let "the poor old-fellew" alone? 'Tis your faithful "Echoe! this. time. lHe says, "he imagines. Now I am given to imagine, and I fancy that my rad- dom shot has hit the mark. Perhaps " Echoe" is in that very uncomfortable position of the old woman who lived' in the shoe, and has a "bevy of grown up daughters" of his own, who, like Paddy's gun, ' won't go off"' I see in your columns that some would-be-aspirant to literary fame was ill-natured enough to reflect upon the condition of "The Bilious Contributor" and his contributions. On the diggings there is a certain rule which is a law, viz., "never kick a man when he is down, "but it is very evident that the writer '"Notes" has never been a dig- ger. Rather let "Notes" try and find the good in a man's character, passing over the bad, and remember the old proverb about throwing stones. 