Sporting Intelligence. V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. DERBY DAY. Tho Der'jy Day of tho spring meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club was very successful. Upwards of 30,000 people visited tho Flemington course and shared the enjoyment of the excellent weather, the almost jxsrfcct arrangements for their comfort, and as good racing as one could wish to sco. Their Excellencies, tho Governors of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, and Lady Loch and Lady Carrington were present during the greater part of tho afternoon. The new Maribyroong stand was not patronised, because there was amplo seat ing accommodation in the lower and upper grand stands for all the visitors to the high-priced quarter of tho course. The Hill stand was always well filled. No accident or unpleasantness of any kind occurred, and the railway arrangements were very well carried ont A featuro in the experiences of the day was the run ning of the tramcais in the city. They followed each other at two minute inter vals during tho busy hours before 2 o'clock and after 5, and were largely jntronised by passengers who went from the city to the course by rail. The racing com menced with the Melbourne Stakes, in popular estimation one of the most interesting events of the meeting. In a field of ten horses, Isonomy was favorite, but Boolka ran in something like his best form, and the judgo was unable to separate the two, Bravo finishing next to them. In the run off Isonomy won. Hexham was favorite in a field of 12 for the Hntliam Handicap, but tho race was won with almost ridiculous ease by Clap trap, tho favorite being second, and Lancer third. First Prince, who was pretty freely backed, fell early in the race. All the probable starters, 18 in number, saddled for tho Maribyrnong Plate, Mr. White's filly, Lava, beina a strong favorite. Hortenße, winner of the Great Foal Stakes at Caul field, found her penalty no great incon venience, and she won in tine style, Huntingtower being second, and Bedouin third. There were soveu starters for the Derby, Trident continuing a firm favorite. Volcano made a paco for him, but Ches ham was going so wellas the horses entered on the la*t half-mile that it seemed that the favorite would suffer defeat Trident, although galloping sluggishly at first, res ponded gamely to his rider's final calls, and wearing down Chesham, who tired at the finish, won by a couple of leogths, with Aglaos a bad third. For the first time the winner was decorated with the blue ribbon after the race and led along the lawn. For the Selling Race Tho Ghost was favorite, but Huron beat him easily, and the owner of the horse had to pay £230 to get him back, the whole amount going to the club. For the Coburjr Stakes The Nnn was freely backed, but a light-weighted outsider in Daystar won, thn other places being filled by St. John and Hugtuanay. 