MEMS. J. G-..6aadaur and Jonn Teener Jiave signed articles to row a three miles race on the Lake Pullman course for £200 on Julie 12. A. H. Bogardus defeated J. A. Stone shooting s.t 1C0 birds GO yards rise, 5 traps, for £50 and cup at Jacksonville, III., on'March 6. Bogardus killed D3, uiisEed 7 ; Stone killed SO, missed 10. A New York paper eaid : Jein Mace has sued the L1C2SSED VierrjiiLESs' (iiznTTE fcr damages for printing that Jem Bfjice did some iyaeer busir-ess when he refereed the Smith and Greenfield battle. »Tfce paper referred to compromised the matter, and poured oil oa the troubled waters by refatins the itazemeuts. Chas. E. Courtney (said a Sew York correspondent) is loakiiijj for a partner to row doable with this season. Courtney had better bury the hatchet with Conlej, for witk the latter in a double scull they would be a hnrd team to beat. It is trna Hanlaa and Lee conquered them, but I do not take that race for a lino io go by, Because the time vras not nearly as fast as when Courtney aiid Conley beat Gau dnirand Hosmcr. Spouts ih West SLltclaxd. — The athletic sports held on the Albion Ground, West 11'a.itlind, oa Saturday after noon, attracted about 300 peop e. The principal item was a handicap for a purse of £7, over a distance of 130 yards. Twenty -five competitors spoi-ted silk, and ran in divisions, which weie won by J. logram, K. Haviiaud, George CossticV, J. Kose, C. Browa, It. Grey, Jas. Moore, and JU'. Fiyim. Ia the rimaing oS Browa, Cossiick, ALoore, and Grey agaia won their divisions. Ia the final heat the result was : — C. JJrowu, 17yds, 1 ; J. Moore, 15yds, 2 ; George Cosstict. 13yds, 3. AVon comfortably by3j-ds. Agreatsource of amusement was tLe contest for £5 over a flutter of 1C0 yards between two well-known local amateurs, J. Ansley and C. Kcott, tha latter uilowius his opponent a start of 15 vards. Both aspirants for athletic honors appeared in. the orthodox ruuDing costume and shoes, and were received with great applause. Scott soon found that he had cou siderably uuder^jstinsated his opponent's merits, as Ansley bonnded away like a deer when the signal to st.irt was yiven, and never gave his opponent tto ghost of a shov.', and waltzed home* an easy winner by 20 yards. A handieaa sweepstake for a small prize was niadeup on the ground, for which about sixteen peds. couteited. After some good finishes in the various divisions, the nnal hoat was won by J. Ingram, from scratch. The members of the Parramalta Hurling Club are so pleaeed with the result of their first season that they have presented Mr. P. Long, their courteous and energetic secretary, with, a handsome writing dest and a massive g-old albert chain. To-night, ia the Masonic Temple, Murphy aadPeakB contest with gloves urder the Marquis oi Queensberry rules for a ' tenner' a side. The many friends of the popular Jockey Tom Hales will be sorry to learn that eince the A. J.C. autumn meetinjr he has betn laid u,i in bed with a severe cold. Alec Jiobert son has also been similarly circumstanced, but was suffi ciently recovered to pay Canterbury Park a visit on Saturday. ; To-morrow evening- the Hev. C. J. Byug-, of STelbource, wiU give a lecture iu the Haudwiek Town Hail. The pro ceeds are to benefit the funds of tho liauawick Amateur Athletic Cinb. The subject will be 'Love, Couitship, and Hatrimon.T.' The Kev. lecturer is a great friend ot athletes, and rea«l the burial service over the grave of th« champion wrestler, Clarence Whistler. Though this morning was a beautiful cue, there was no galloping performed at Eandwick. A hose of horses were present, but all did easy tasks. Some of the backers at last Saturday's Canterbury. Park races wore rather a dejected appearance when Mackay went down with the odds of 5 to 4 on him. Last /Saturday J. Gonsrh, the well-lfcown jockey of tVar wickFarui, was unfortunate enonch to gethia colhuvbbac broken owing to liis horse falling in the May Handicap at Canterbury Pari races. ' *p Very few members were present at the New South Wales Gun Club grounds last Saturday. The afternoon wss spent in sweepstakes, which were divided between 5tessrs.'Friend, Hamilton, and Modini. . The Moonee Valley jaces were not allowed to pass oyer -without a serious accident unfortunately occurring. Xt appears that Sister Unice felt, and her rider, Morrison, ?had iolw ta-Uea to the Slclbounic Hospital in^au uncon scious state. 'Lover ot Trotting' ssRsests that a handicap trot saouid be aided to the prog-ramice c£ our country race meetings, especially in the Sorthera district; where so many goodtrotticgstallions arelocated. Prolcssor William Ki.le:- has opened a gymnasium ia Collins-BtieEt, Melbourne, fev amateurs only. Amoiipthe gentlemen amateurs of the southern metropolis the Pro fessor is a ETeat favorite, and there is little doubt he will do well. Next Thursday evening the recently arrived American long distance walker, Harriman, is to be tendered a bcaefic by the upholders of athletics in the Victorian capital. Keit Saturday is acceptance day for the Sir Joseph Banks Handica;-. For this event the friends of Triader of Victoria, thiukhe has more than aa outsiSe show. A committee of the V.K.C. has drawn. Tip ti number ot amended and new roles with, icgord to racing, the recom mended new rules being soleiy for hurdle races and steeplechases, for which, there have been no local roles bithcrto, the grand national rules of Bnglnnd having been referred to in case of dispute. Among other things, it is suggested that no horse ia nay hurdle race shall carry less than 9st, and in any steeplechase less than Ust i71b. - ' ISt. W. E. Power purchased Promotion, winner of the Junior Steeplechase m Warrnamb'ol, for £200. On Thurs day theceldin-j: ran in. the Steeplechase, but fell at the first jump, and injured himself so badly- that it is doubtful wlietiier he will ever be able to race again. ? ? . Caaterbury Park race settling takes place today. The Bosehill racEccurso proporties vr;U i-f- disposed of tMss.ftciT.ocn. Owners and traicers of Tflcehorse* are reminded that the second I orTeit for the Eoys\ States and Birthday Cop axe due this aftcmcon at 4 o'clock. ? :Entri«s tor tliejnhior events, to be run for under the KusracesoftiiQ Vfow-ngoH3 Turf Clab, are due to-aiorro w eTeujpjr, ' ? ?' A srensral nceiicg o£ Tattcrsa'l's Club wilt be held this afternoon for tho purpose of electing a new eqmmitteeinaa And discuesicir the qcestion of new premises. '. ? Bazard, the BewZea!and raceliorsn, fell while rousing at the FielciDgmcesaadbrpUotwoof his legs, and wb.1 alter ward destroyed. '.':??'?-'???,.?)''?''???.? . '?'.-. -'??? ''?: '?.':. FpllowiuB arnt«« vpriro winners at Ca»t«rbnry Park races on Suturfiy r-Mr^Oieahnm£100,3Sr. Alsopp £100. bracelet value £40, Mrs. A. B. Chippendale (ns) bracelet value £10. The Sydney Driving Park glub committee intends shortly to invite tenders for a grand stand, when it is felly expectad that the meeting will be more popular than ever with the public. The Victoriaa brood mare The Gem, dam of Topaz, First Water, Tourmaline, and Off Color, died a few days ago at St. Alban's, whither ' she was sent 6a a visit to the horse of that name. Sir. E. MitchelL sen., an old Victorian racing identity, died recently in the sister colony at the advanced age of 86 years. The racehorse Fuse has, on the strength of his Tictory : ast Saturday iu the Plying Stakes, at Canterbury Park, found much favor for the S. T. Koyal States at 100 to 10, and Madelinafound supporters at 100 to S. The Cup bet liECf is quiet. ' William ?Wentwoeth v. Cltjje.— Tne former club easily defeated tbe Cly»?e in a two days' match by 38tuos. Scores : — W-W. 110, C. 72. For the former Tom Slacfarhvnd (33), Jarris (21;, and Evaus (16) batted in great style for the *' foitner, whi'e iracdonald upset a few of the C's. cal culations with the ball. 2I'Haie aad Austin phired best for the Clyde. 