BELFAST. (FROM OFR own correspondent.) August 21. Ghost stories — similar to those related by several of your correspondents up country — are ripe here, and the juveniles of all ages are terriblr concerned at the reported ex- traordinary doings of a mysterious personage ycelpt 4 Spring-heeled Jack.1 No reliable information as to his whereabouts can be gathered, bat of live league jumps, and sudden appearances at midnight, we hear duly repeated conversations. The typos at tae local newspaper office, are said to occas ionally witness his manoeuvres when leaving work at night ; but the typos, you know, are so " spiri."-ually inclined, that their ghost- yarns are not usually worth much. The Portland Football Club has sent: challenge t-> our men to a contest in the field, aud it is likely a team from here will shortly accept it. An idea has been suggested in connection with the trip, that if the Casino" could arrange to leave here early on some Friday morning, the match could, be played on that day, and a return made the same night. Also, that the members of the Hes- pian Dramatic Club could go down to Port- laud and perform to our neighbours — for some local benefit, I presume — the drama of Aurora Floyd," which is to be played by them here next Tuesday. The adjourned election of a member of the Shire Council for the Kirkstall Riding took place on Thursday, and resulted in the re- .< Mfinntr mumhpr. President Humphreys by a majority of 54 over Mr. Molan and of 157 over Mr. Cabbie. The numbers being — Humphreys, 185 ; Muiau, m ; Cabbie, 2S. For the auditor- ship of the Shire) at Yambuk, on Thursday last, Carroll (retiring) obtained 67. and John stone 12 votes ; at Rosebrook no votes were polled for either ; and yesterday at ELirkstall Johnstone obtained 202, and Carroll 162, thus giving Johnstone a majority of 40 votes. Trie Public Works Department are at last calling for tenders for converting that splen did stone building adjoining the White Hart Hotel into au orderly room for the Militia Garrison, and for building a cottage ad jacent, for drill-masters quarters. The alterations aud additions will cost a £1000 or more, and when completed will provide the Belfast Militia men with a drill-room unequalled in the colony. Ou Thursday night the members of the Garrisou indulged in a little sham fighting in the town, much to the terror of weak- neived old maids and children. It was un expected, and hence the constant rifle-firing surprised a good many. The Melbourne contractor who is engaged building a stone rockct-boo6e on the eastern bank of the river is not progressing very mpi dly with the structure. By some stupid error the doorway of the place has been built-in on the wrong end of the building, necessitating. tnc pulling down ana re-erecnon oi ooin enas of the house. Local contractors are smiling at the blunder, and offering not one word of sympathy. £2 4s per acre was the price paid at auction ou Saturday for the right to graze for twelve months the new grounds of the Belfast Agri cultural Society— some ten acres. The bid ding started at 30s per acre, the competition was keen, and Mr. John Lovett the well- known Hamilton coacb-drirer) was the suc cessful buyer of the lease. The price ob tained hv Mr. Holden exceeded considerably his valuation. The 41 Casino1' had a rough passage to Melbourne on Tuesday night. She left here with a large cargo, her deck space even being well packed with stock and sundries. Eleven cahes and sundry crates of poultry were washed from the decks overboard, so it is re ported. Mr. Mandeville. with commendable con sideration for the pleasure of the old infirm inmates of our Hospital, is arranging a series of evening's amusements, to be held in the i large room at the institution for their especial entertainment, and on Tuesday next the secon I of these winter evening " reliefs " is to be given under the direction of that gentleman. A little girl who had been learning a scrip ture lesson in which the text " Abhor that which is evil," Ac., occurred, hardly seemed to realise the meaning of it, for next day, when looking over the pages of a pictorial Bible, she came upon a picture of a wild boar of the forest, and explained to a younger brother that it didn't represent " Abhor that which was evil," but a boar thats a pig ! — A fact. An examination was last week conducted by Captain Christie for officers of the Cadet Corps, eight Iad6 presenting themselves as candidates for tbe positions. Of a possible 100 points John Osmond obtained 97, Harry Pitt 96, George Baird 95, A. Hendricks 94, and others close up. The appointments have been allotted as follows : — Colour-sergeant, John Osmond ; sergeants, EL Pitt and G. Baird ; corporal, A. Hendricks ; G. Gould (92), lance-corporal. The lowest number of marks obtained was S6. In eleven years the Belfast Horticultural Society has paid away in prizes over £1400, so Mr. Mandeville, tbe newly-appointed sec retary, has calculated. Not bad for a Society lo a country town. J. W. Fitzpatrick, residing at Orford, re cently impounded some horses belonging to the Slate-school teacher of that township (Mr. Tetcr M'Beth), amongst which was an entire colt. 10 months old, following its mother. On this foal damages were placed by Fitzpatrick at £5, the fee fixed by Act of .. Parliament for trespass of entire horses. Mr. M'Beth sued Mr. Fitzgerald at the Police Court on Monday for a refund of the sum, on the grounds that tbe foal conld not be defined as an entire ; and the bench of magistrates, after bearing 44 expert" evidence on the point, though divided — three being of opinion that a foal of ten months was an entire horse, and two of a contrary mind — gave an order for a refnud to M'Beth of the £5, with costs. Remarkably heavy rain has been almost incessant here since Thursday, and conse quently the rivers are swollen to a great extent, all the low-lying land being sab- merged. A number of farmers who have planted potatoes in the back flats find that their crops are lSio. under water, and it is feared that the seed will be ruined. Belfast East is nearly all submerged. The bridges over tbe Shaw and Eumeralla Rivers are in a dangerous state, the water being a couple of feet over the flooring. The Moyne has spread out to an alarming extent. A new bridge over that river at Rosebrook is now an absolute necessity. 