THEATRE ROYAL. A' HAMLET." A good deal of interest must always attach to a production of Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet upon our stage, and especially when one so well known as Mr Holloway as a student of the works of the immortal bard is at the helm of affairs, and when he himself also takes the principal character. The rendering as produced last evening, and which will be again given to night, is worthy of Mr. Holloway's reputation, and where it fails the failure is probably the result of local circumstances and limited resources such as must always beset a manager here until we have a new theatre built. There are two principal points which must always attract the attention of the crisis in regard to this play, namely, novelties in the rendering and the performance of the principal parts, and as the latter, as now given, are pretty well known here, the former may fitly be taken first. Probably no play of Shakespeare, and indeed, no play of any other dramatist, has been the subject of so much controversy as this tragedy of Hamlet, and the results of the wordy wars have been constantly chang ing re Kings of the text and modes of representation. The present production is no exception to this and it was generally ad- mitted last night that the innovations were, though not in every instance, jet as a rule, in good taste and judgment, and apparently in harmony with the author's intentions w o em hardly agree with to change in the scene be to see Hamlet and the Ghost in the first act Instead of the usual encountered the flat, in it tempt is under carry out the idea conveyed in the warning words of Horatio What If It tear you toward the Hotel myLorl Or to the Irea Iful a unit of the cliff And the scene is accordingly made to suggest. a reason for such warning. It is when the Ghost has reached as it were the summit of the cliff" that Hamlet stages it with the cry', "I'll go no further," and then the interview is held-the Ghost, decidedly in a more effective position for the delivery of the recital of his wrongs, Hamlet being placed beneath him, and the scene being dramatic- ally very effective. Whether the apparent justification for Horatio's fours and the assumed intention of the Ghost to Hire Hamlet to destruction, is to be defended is another question. In the whole of the incidents of the play scene and those leading up to it, Mr. Holloway introduces new business, with the object of bringing into it greater continuity in the action, i lo ends the prior scene with the players in accordance with modern custom by being seen to sit down to write the " dozen or sixteen lines " which he is to compose for them to insert in the play of "the murder of Gonzaga," and this is followed by a new idea, there production in the play scene of the scroll on which he writes, Hamlet uses this scroll instead of Ophelia's fan as the screen from behind which he watches the King, and when the player King comes to the lines he has himself given him, Hamlet repeats them with the actor-, thus emphasising to the already terrified sovereign the covert meaning of the representation, ending in his abrupt flight from the extemporised theatre. The - novel feature in the play which so disturbs the King, is thus shown clearly to have emanated from Hamlet's brain and ingenuity ; while the fact that that King is thus made aware of the cause is sufficient reason for his immediate banishment of his steps, and the arrangements for his assassination in Britain. The scene with Ophelia is differently treated. Instead of a mixture of bluster and force passion, it is, more an exhibition of the tenderest affec- tion, mingled with pathos and the " Get thee to a nunnery," instead of being a rude command, is an entreaty for fidelity and spinsterhood since the fates have so willed it that the ill- feeling lovers cannot well. Smaller matters are the appearance of the Ghost in the closet scene in his royal robes a , new interpretation of the words "in his habit as he lived instead of in his armour, and the introduction of the body of Ophelia on the bier in the burial scene, a realism which helps to convey to the eye more clearly the fact of which the car only is often made the recipient. The speech of Hamlet while the King is at prayer, showing his vacillating intentions, which the Ghost subsequently appears to chide, is fitly introduced as an important element in the action, and yet the text is so ordered in the present acting edition that the whole play is, without any other or serious omissions, over shortly after 11 o'clock, These remarks will serve to illustrate the general intelligence of the rendering most of the old traditions being also retained. Of Mr. Holloway's Hamlet we have often spoken. Deeply studied and evincing labour by the " midnight oil, it is -a j the Hamlet of the closet rather than the stage, and much as it undoubtedly pleases in parts, it falls short in others. The soliloquies are perhaps the finest portions, but the interviews with the Queen and Ophelia were also last night very fine, though in mc latter the absence of surprise at the sudden discovery of the maiden in the phrase " Soft you now, the fair Ophelia," was noticeable as an oversight, though the subsequent sudden change from calm soliloquy to erratic verbiage was well enough marked. Miss Essie Jenyns was a sympathetic Ophelia, but she did not seem at her best in the vocalisation, her voice more than once called her. Miss Kate Arden and Mr. H. R. Jowett more than sufficed as the guilty King and Queen of Denmark, and Mr. Charles Holloway made a stately ghost, though his first delivery was rather too highly pitched. Hit gravedigger was quaint, unctuous, and funny. Mr. Hudson's lines on Polonaise went well, where there was comedy in them, thanks to the author, but the famous speech to his son wants more study, and it is surely " springs to catch woodcocks" not springs. Mr. R. Stewart, who is evidoutjmiulf^tiug from severe throat affection, city his beat with Laertes and the first actor and Messrs. Rolfe, Carlo, and Leslie did good service as Horatio, Rosencrantz, and Guildenatem. Indeed, these- and some other smaller parts were given so ably as to materially conduce to the general BUCCCBS, as did also the splendour of the dresses, the correctness of the scenery, and the Betting as a whole, though the small number of courtiers and other at cessOries is a great drawback to the illusion. Hamlet will be repeated this evening, when the attendance will no doubt be as large as over. An eye should be kept on the gallery, as some of the scenes were marred very much last evening by the noise proceeding thence. CAN'T PREACH Goon No man can do a good Job of work, preach a good sermon, try a lawsuit well, doctor a patient, or write a good article when he feels miserable and dull, with sluggish brain and unstrung non cs. and one should make the attempt in such a condition when it can be so dull and cheaply re- j { moved by a little American Co's lion Ditton,, Look for ' i 