ChU-Vhat Papers. (From our own correspondent.} Melbourne, Marcb 2ft. Testimonials, banquets, and present,, tatlous—prcseutatio us, banquets and tes— . timoniais ad nauseam. One Wonld almost imagine that an ei«idus of the creme d& la creme of the colonial population waa. taking place. It would uot be such a bad idea for the Commissioners of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to ar rauge for periodical gatherings in the/ ; exhibition of " representative colonial' i men," so that the people of England and j all th >se who pay the " little rillage" a, < visit during the continuance of the show , may see what "manner of; men" i-xist ah j the Antip des. A belief is widespread', in both scientific and social circles ah home, that Australian natives are re c >gnisahle by the shortness of their arms ! and the length of their legs, in which r*»~ . : sp cfc *hey are supjwiS sd .to res.-ml»le the. indigenous kangaroo; but a cl«s« ob ; ser4-tt will, be aide to " spot" a.colonial.' I politician by the extreme length «.f hia ; arm. the capacity of' his pouch, and hia preponderance of jaw. Among the farowoll banquets, perhaps the most noteworthy was that given.on Monday lust to Sir James. McCidioch^ ; K.C. M.G., at one time the arbiter of the : destinies of Victoria. The small number of gentlemen who assembled to do Sir Jaines honor belonged lor the most park to his own class, viz., politicians who. have quitted the arena, either of their- . own good wisdom or indcference to tbe wish of the people Sir George- Verdonv Sir Archibald Michie, Mr. Edward liangfcon, and Dr. Madden, all political' ghosts, assembled to bid farewell to n political spectre. Sir James McBain and Mr. Duncan Gillies being the only live politicians who condescended to be pre sent. There was a time when- the- de parture from the colony of Mir. McCulloch would have been regarded; as an ir retrievable calamity, bat the KLC.M.G.— ship,—which some have freely translated " Knavish Celonially-made- Gnods"— completely changed things,, and even, his eulogists on Monday- were compelled to restrain their eloquence- into faint; praise which is said to damn,, for Sir A.. Michie said that he entertained, the hope that Sir James would return to the-, colony "as much less worthy citizens; had done before him." There- was not j much of a compliment in that, now waa there 1- . ^ I Mr, Berry has receivedLa.testimonial^ It wonld have been strange? if. he had. • not, among the copious showers of such^ things which have prevailed of, late. . But this one came from the United Eire,, Brigades, who doubtless -recognised Mr. Berry as the champion, spout'er of - the colony. The Presbytery of Melbourne were sitting on Tuesday in private,, having a figurative anto da fe for the benefit of the Rev. George Dods, whose, views are not close enough to the Westminster Con fession of Faith for the Hababknk Muckle wraths of the Church. . In the uiean time a very strong feeling is growing I amongst the lay members of the Pres byterian body, that "the laity should no longer have theif views set-eat de fiance. **.. - Amateur dramatic performances have often been the theme of comic yarns. Here is the story of one, which is'worth i re-teiiing. In a certain Australian town j some time ago a charitable institution I needed support, 'and an amateur per formance was organised lor the raising of ftiDds. One of the attractions, if not the principal one, was that a citizen well-known for a certaiu kind of "sawny" eccentricity was to play Hamlet. . People crowded to the theatre on hearing that so - eccentric a personage would appear as the melancholy Dane.' They- thought they were botmd to get the money's worth of amusement, whether their idea of'' Shakspere's masterpiece was^elevated or the reverse. They were not altogether mistaken. The would-be actor bad been carefully coached by the stage manager,' who was bene upon. dividing the ac cidental production of a burlesque and so he stumbled in some way through the. scenes up the finale. But that was. too much for him. Having stabbed the' king, he suddenly beoame possessed of a feeling that he did not kuow what to do with the poisoned weapon which be held in his hand. He walked from one corner of the stage to the other very much as a gentleman with adripping umbrella might perambulate a drawing room to find some ' corner wherein to stow it. At last plao-1 : tag it in a gingerly manner against the wainscotting he walked into the centre of the stage, and lay down for the deatb scene amid a perfect thunder of applause. Thos who. had cast th ;ir bread upon the waters found it returned. " And buttered too for Sartiu." An instance showing how much Catho licism is mixed np with fasting from meat on Friday turned up during the last general election. A young lady of well known and highly respectable Catholic family related in some degree to Mr. Madden, who has beeu returned for Bel fast, was sitting at breakfast in a hotel on Friday morning, when she read the account of Father Campion's attack upon her friends. Throwing down the paper she was overheard to say " After that I'm a. Catholic no longer; waiter ! bring me a mutton chop !" And thus is swept away all the sweet morality of years of fish-eating and other mortifica tions of the fiesh. The promises which were made by candidates- at the last election for the Legislative Assembly were as usual varied and comprehensive, and their comprehen siveness was great in proportion to the degree, in which the Candidates' know ledge was circumscribed. One aspirant for parliamentary honors, stumping an inland town, whose only water course is a sludge channel, was asked at his last meeting by a friend of the other side, " Mr. Qoolahan, if you'are returned fur Qoartzbogle will you use your indueuoe.to have it made a seaport. *' I'll do any-, thing, gentlemen, that may be necessary to benefit-the place." (Ldnghter.) I have heard rather stpart trick which was perpetrated by 'tlie landlord of a favorite hotel at one of our newest sea side resorts. The telegraph line, which had been for some time in course of con struction, was opened for the .first time to the public, ana a -Melbourne journalist hastened to congratulate Mr. M -upon his electric connection with the rest of the world, and having a few words to spare at the end of the message he jo cosely enquired, " What's for dinner.". Boniface at once pinned the day's menu on a telegraph form and transmitted it as a " collect" . message to the disgusted newspaper man. 