THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE. They were waiting for a train at a way back station up in liumboldt County, and the conversation turned to spiritualism. A weatherbeateu trapper, who had come iu with a lot of skins to ship, said : ' Wall, fur my part, I never did go much ou sperrit-rappin's, ghosts, and all of them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, 1 had a powerful scare wunst.' 'How was that?' asked a solemn man with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. 'Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a layiu1 iu my cabin up on the Little B'ar River. I woke up long er midnight and got ter thiukin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago thnt verv night. Putty soon I felt souiethiu' tech the blankits kinder soft like.' ' Rats,' suggested the switch-tender. *- TNJrt that* ain't nn rnfa ill ihpm nnrfs. Putty soon I felt suthiu' like a hand a equeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scared then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus out side, and I vi&s; plumb sartin' ther wasn't anuther human' bein' iu 40 miles o' tliar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez: .'.Is that you, Smith ?' ' *' And there was two raps,' said the long haired man. 'No, thar wai-n't no rape, but a sorter buzzin', rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last pasp— 'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then! felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek.' ' Case of materialisation,' said the long haired party. ?? Rats,' said the switch-tender again. ' I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar,' growled the trapper. ' I 'low I wns badly scared then, an' tber cold sweet a-droppin' offen me. * Does ver want ter kermooni cate suthin1. Grizzly?' sez I. Then ther buzzin' begin agin. After that suthin' teched my other hand.' ' Rats,' wedged in the switchman. ' You'll have ter heel yereelf if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker,' said the hunter, ominously. '* Wail, gents, it got eo I couldn't Stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankits offen me, jumped up and struck a light.' ' And what did you see ?' ' Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattle snake. Nuthin' but a plain, ord'nary rattler. An' me most scarred !er death by ther durn thing's monkeyinge, too. ' Wall, you bet I jest rolled over aud langhed till 1 thought I'd burst.' ? Ana me Biiatio r usueu ino uiuwu. ' The snake ?' said the trapper, simply. ' Wall, I disreruembered what — 1 guess I stepped on its head, or sulhin.' No, gents, I don't take no stock in sperrits. Here's ter train.— D. F. Press. 