THEJjbHEMIAN. Everybody must be pleased to kaow that the great boa constrictor controversy is settled, for it was a sad thing to see good people falling oat about the reptile. -ineae animals were not allowed to come into the world for U3 to quarrel over. We are clearly meant to Io3e oar money over horses, bat our tempers about reptiles — no! I had the good fortune some time ago 'to learn a good deal about python3 'through a friend of mine who wa* very intimate with them. He had travelled much and was a very observant mapi and one day in the course of conversation he told me that the boa, so far from b9ing formidable, was the most defenceless, and vulnerable creature that ever had the hardihood to attack man, and that he had himaelf killed many of them. ' What weapon dp you employ ?' I asked. ' None whatever,' he said; 'I challenge tha__animal to attack me, and when he doe3 so I snap him in two. Simplest thing in the world. ' I do not know whether it was my look or my silence that expressed incredulity, but my friend seized his hat and stick and said, ' If you don't believe me, jump into a cab with me and Til show you.' Having uncon3cioualy exhibited a doubt, I felt it would be ungenerous to refuse the invita tion. We weat out into the street and en gaged a hansom. ' Mi e-end Road,' wa3 my friend's direction to tha driver, and the journey thither was quite long enough to give me time to reflect. Might I not be about to witness the death and ultimate deglutition of my friend in bi3 effort to fulfil a vain boast and apparently for the purpose of gratifying my curiosity ? It was a dreadful thought. So I broke silence by asking him if. he had any weapon with which to dispatch the animal in case the plan failed. ' None at all,' said he. 'Then I will take one,' said I; 'we can get it on the road.''' 'That we certainly will not,' he an swered. 'If you come bungling about with guns or pistols I shall really be in danger. If you're afraid for yourself, aay so, and we'll go back again.' 'Now you mention it,' said I, 'it occurs to me that the reptile will be ja3t as likely to attack me as you, and that is an additional reason for having some weapon to fall back upon, but I had not thought of firearms.' ' You want to run round to his tail and cut it off with a knife, I suppose,' said. he with a jeer. ' And what would be the effect if I did V I asked. c ' Why, simply that the boa would ba so many inches shorter,' said he, laughing. 'It's an old woman's story that that disables the boa ; but it does nothing of the kind. If you were to cut him in two in the middle you would disable him, but it would want a saw for that. His ribs are a great deal thicker than your thumb, fle3h and all.' ' As you please,' said I j ' let it be a saw,' and I leant back in the cab smoking my cigar, and trying to believe that I wa3 quite indifferent as to whether the man killed the snako or the snake the man. By this time we W6re not far from where the boa was kept, and my com panion stopped the cab, called at a house, aud returned with a carriage-whip and a saw, after which he to'd the man to take certain turnings, which led to a low part of the town. ' Here's the saw,' said the snakekiller; 'but it won't be safe for you to use it till I'm about half-way down his throat. Then, if you think it's worth while to give me Christian burial, a few smart strokes across hi3 ba^k will finish him. Till then, don't interfere.' On the whole, I felt inclined not to do so, and was comforted to think that my services would not be acceptable until they were useless. Presently we stopped at an uninviting looking house in a most rascally neighbourhood. The door was opened to us by a fat, elderly woman, who at once recognised my friend. 'How d'ye do, Mrs. Behrent 1' said he ; 'Jacob at home 1' Jacob wa3 not home, she said. 'How's the boa?' said my friend: 'fed yet?' 'Ho ; Ifs time he was,' said she. ' All right,' said he. ' I'm just going to take this gentleman to see him, and if any harm comes to the snake I will give you some more when Captain Walker's ship come3 in. He is bringing some for me.' 'All right, sir,'' said the woman, sleepily. ' ' Jacob and I knows you. ' This conversation hai an unnerving effect npon me. I seemed to have sud denly plunged into a land of boa con strictors. It was time this one had a meal, and Captain Walker was bringing over several more ! It was dreadful. Every step I took as I followed my Mend into the backyard I seemed to expect the boa to dart on me from round a corner. It was time he eat 1 Faugh ! As for the saw, it was not an. instrument of my choosing, and it seemed more use less to me every step I took nearer to the snake. I felt I was being made a fool of by having to carry it. I wa3 minded furtively to deposit it somewhere, but I reflected that if a man had to face death — for self or friend, or both — he was none the worse for having a saw after all. Besides, my flinging away my weapon might be regarded as evidence of cowardice. We went out into the yard and passed several cages. ' A very small stock,' said my friend, as he walked on ; 'striped hyaenas here, monkeys there, jaguar's cabs over there mother's gone to the Zoo — and here's the boa !' There he waB, sure enough, coiled up on the floor of his cage. He might have been of any length, because of his coils. He did not look dreadful, bat only nasty. Still, there we were, face to face with what might be death, and I felt intensely irri tated at being made to bring the saw. There stood my friend holding the carriage-whip in his hand and look ing into the cage. Of course, I thought he would take some little time to prepare, and would announce to me his plan of operations with directions for united action in the event of common danger, and I began to feel some cariosity as to what he was going to do with the carriage- whip. The fact was I had been so entirely engrossed by thinking what I was to do with the saw that I had quite forgotten to think what he was to do with the whip. I was just going to ask him, when suddenly he flung away his coat and hat, threw open the doors of the cage, and began flogging the boa with the whip. Here was I, in a yard full of wild ^beasts, in a most disreputable quarter of |£e town, facing an open cage containing ^ det-dly colossal reptile, which a madman wasiaSlhing into fury. I was just begin jjjuct to console myself by the reflestion that the snail? would probably attack his tormentor and uP& me- when my friend flung down the whip' 2™I took a step out with one foot. The saga's head wa3 swaying to and fro. But it was only for a few seconds. Then, like lightning, lie darted at the man. The latter a3 quickly moved aside, caught the snake by the neck with both hands and snapped him in two. The head was not severed, for the same akin held it as before, but the fracture was evident. The man held it up and showed it to me. I ran towards him and seized him by the hand and congratulated him, and begged him never so to jeopardize his life again. 'Oh, it's the simplest thing in the world,' he said j ' make him dart at you, and if you catch his neck just as he darts you. will find it stiff and capable of being broken j but if you don't seize him. at the tight place and at the right moment you are a dead man.' I almost forgave him for the saw. The times are very hard. There is no doubt that the 'depression' has been almost universal. It has gone down lower than was -at first thought possible. A few days ago I passed two uiea who were 'walking in front of me talking. They were both in a humble rauk iu life. The one who was speaking as I passed said as follows : — ' I told 'im, says I, I've only taken 5a. tot you this week, and there's 24s. to pay out of it, ou Monday, says I- Had not you better call a meeting . of your creditora'f say3 I. So he says, Yes, he would ; and according on Monday they all - came, and they saya ? ' This was all I heard a3 I went by. But how can one pity people who are hard up when : so many obvious means of making a living are obvious ? Why don't they expose spiritualism? Anything like an exposure of what a good many people believe 13 sure to take. There are few men. who will not pay handsomely to have their own follies 'exposed, but all thoroughly en joy hearing their neighbours' beliefs held up to ridicule, and will attend night after night with a thick um brella to beat the floor with. . It is very easy to expose spiritualism. It is just as easy as to expose medical science, and for the same reasons its victims are numerous and its professors contradict one another. Some say that the spirits who go about rooms at seances and move and rattle things are of a low sort, if not infernal. Others say that these disembodied parties are the ghosts of their deceased relatives, highly respectable, and living in inde pendence and even bliss. A curious instance came before my notice of a contradiction in the viewa'and aspirations of spiritualists. A friend oE mine, Mr. Boscawen, who held ' the common Christian belief as to there being a future world for the evil and for the good — the immortality of the soul, in Bhort — had recently taken to attending seances, not in order to confirm his belief, but at the invitation of friendi and from curiosity. He had perhaps attended a dozen. One day he told me that the result was most painfuL Ever since the last seance or two he had been haunted. It was six months since he had been to any spiritualist gatherings, and for all that time and more he had bean perse cuted. As he sat at breakfast there would be continual tappings on the table, the fender, tho tea-kettle, the door-handle, or the window-pane. When he sat at his desk in bis office the inkstand and the chimneypiece would be rapped in the same way, and pens would rattle and books tumble out cf the shelves when there was no one there to touch them. His dinner was as unhappy as his break fast, and when he went to bed he heard footsteps moving about the room, and a succession of noises retarded sleep, and interrupted it when it came. He said — 'It is as if the spirits said, 'You came after us, and now we won't leave you.1 ' But this was not all. He heard voices, he_ said. When he was shaving, a voice spoke thrice loudly in his ear, 'Cut your throat and go to heaven!' He gave up shaving. When the train in which he was travelling had attained ex press speed a voice would sound near him commanding him to ' jump out of the carriage,' and if he examined a tray of diamonds at a jeweller's his unseen monitor would order him to 'kill the man and rob the shop.' These were a few among the instances which he gave me. He said the nuisance arose from going to the stances ; he was sick of it and wanted to get rid of it. Now, Boscawen was a Btrong, healthy fellow, a good man of business, and with no silly fancies about him, unles3 these were so. As the mischief had arisen from spiritualism, he said he would go to a famous spiritualist for the cure. Anxious to know what sort of exorcism would be employed I accom panied him. The great spiritualist was out, but would soon return, and we were shown into the drawing-room. It was a quaint, weird- looking place. Portraits of mediums and 'spirit drawings' hung round the walls, a mysterious langour pervaded the room, and the imagination inclined to people the ebony chiffonniere with black familiars and to think a genius was imprisoned in the little party-coloured bottles of Bohemian glass. Besides ourselves there were only two other people in the room, and they seemed to savour strongly of the genius of the place. They were man and wife, and each apparantly about 70 years of age. The man was small and spare of figure, grey- haired, but nearly bald, with a pale, cadaverous countenance, wrinkled brows and cheeks, lantern jaws and big, staring eyes, which might once have been hazel. The woman was, if possible, thinner, and she wore an ill-made and shapeless grey dress, from the scanty sleeves of which protruded a pair of freckled, skinny, yellow hands. A close-fitting cap con cealed her hair, if she had any, little gray ferret's eyes were sunk in her pinched-up face, and her thin lips, when they parted, disclosed broken, yellow teeth, with many a black gap between. For some time Boscawen and I sat silent, nor indeed was there anything in the circumstances or in the appearance of the aged couple to invite conversation. At last, however, the lady broke silence. In an asthmatic voice she said, addressing me, ' £ presume, from meeting you here, that you are a believer in spiritualism'?' ' Certainly, madam,' I answered j 'I am a spirit myself.' The old man's mouth fell open and his big eyes yawned and fixed themselves upon me with a blank helpless stare ; but the lady, after a Bhort glance of surprise, exhibited an angry expression. So, to avoid an appearance of rudeness, I continued, 'And I was about to add that, though still encumbered with a body, I am as respectable and wellcon ducted a spirit as those who come to seances and rap at tables, and I believe I could give as good information about worldly matters.' The old man seemed relieved to think that, though he had come to a spiritualist's house, he had escaped seeing a spirit, and then the talk became general. The old lady began, in her half- whisper, to tell us of the spiritual experiences of herself and her hus band. They had witnessed dark seances and light stances, and had heard spirits call through trumpets, and had seen the flowers they had scattered over the circle. They had had spirit -writing and spirit - drawing and abundant communications through the planchette. 'You see, we have been highly favoured,' she continued, 'batj still we hope for more. We are waiting : for tfie voice.' \ 'The gift of speaking in unknown,; tongues, I presume V said L ' ' Oh, dear no !' said she ; ' nothing so : great as that. By ' the voice' we mean hearing the spirits speak to us.' 'Do you expect to arrive at that by the direction of the gentleman we are waiting to see ?' asked Boscawen earnestly. 'He might perhaps guide us to it,' said the lady. 'Then,' said Boscawen, rising, 'I think I won't wait for him, and will take my leave of you, { The voice' is precisely the thing from which I have suffered for the last six months. It is the great: affliction of my life, and is continually prompting suicide or murder. I trust you, roafl«»n, and your aged partner in life may live many happy years unhaunted by such a cores. Bohemian, let us go; there must be a remedy, but it i3 not here.' 