GOLDENJjRAIN. WAB8ENHAU8ER AM RnEIN. ' , a hot July aftornoon; nil . nature : soeminp; ' nBloop - in the glowing sun- . light, and the air heavy with the stnoll ofrioh harvests of fruit and a very . wealth' of flowers;' insects of nil sorts rejoicing in tho sunshino, and ono. or two wicked-looking -hornets spoiling' tho drenmv rest of the noonday break , . in, the dnys work with thoir busy hum and uncomfortablo swoops, as if .they , were intont on stinging wlioovor thoy might light upon. Time was wnen I, Magdnlon Ormsby, was - horribly afraid of these awful- -. -looking winged erenturos, and shivered and ,orouohed whenever thoy came near mo. To-dav thoy fly about un- heoded, and I think of thom no more . - 'thnn English fnrmhouso people think \- of a stray wasp. ."I- havo boon ten years in Germany on this summer day, nnd have got . used to a great many things that troubled mo Badly at first vhon I was sent hero, a littlo timid child, and sot down suddenly amongst a whole school \- full of. girls all older tmd stronger, . and . bigger than I was, and with powers of persecution and annoyance , m them that only a school girl onn understand. But I have boon very. happy in Wnssenliauser ; ovorybody was lmppy thoro undor good old Mndnmo Loven- .thal's rulo. Old we girls called her, \- but old sho was not. I should say that five-and-forty was tlio outside of hor ago now, and sho was tho most motherly and the kindest creature that over took charge of a parcel of unruly .girls. Sho was swoet temporal and good naturod to a fault, hor rivals and slanderora said; but wo knew right woll in tho school that sho knew how 'to govern, and that though slto was . good, sho was also striot, nnd allowod no infraction of tho school rules, nor ever doviated from tlio laws sho onco laid down. "Wnssenliausor was a lovely plnoo, too sooludod for somo of tlio girls, \- who gi'umbled at tho quiet and sleepi ness of tho place ; hut wore within a . walk of tlio rivor, nnd undor tlio very shadow of somo of tho most famous ruins on the Rhino. Our sohoolhouse was an old monastery, n rambling old placo, with numberless little rooms, all ' in ro\vs, that had onco been tho cells of tbo saintly, men, hut were now " utilized ns studios, and very cosy little dons wo found thom. -Thoy wero divided hotween us as \- impartially ns possible, tlio older girls having ono betwoon two, tlio younger sharing them in threos and fours. J.UU KUgU LU139-1UUUI tlllU WUU"YUU- tilotod dormitorios had been built on .- to tlio bnck of tlio original building on the sito of somo ruined storehouses :and kitchens, and tho monks' refectory -was our dining-room nnd lecture hall. 1 Tho old chapel was a class room, -and wo loarncd and reoitod undor tho \- magnificent carving whioli had boon restored in tho roof as far ns possible, and whioli antiquaries and curiosity- iuuiiiors always onviod ns, and were constantly making frantic efforts to : purchase. For recreation grounds wo had tho old monastery gardens, and to most of us thoy wore a ecourco of infinite de light. XVo were always finding somo fresh trace or other of the former in- \- habitants of the place. It had a ; monoetio flavour to us romantio girls, although every traee of tho original shape, ovon of the gardens, hod disap- penred. They had boen dug up and planted, and rearranged, and every inoh of ground utilized in some way-; but wo oeliovod in. the monks and thoir doings; .. and peopled i the place for -ourselves ;with their ghostly shadows. : Of course 'there was said to be a ghost, an unquiet spirit who pro menaded the 'long passages under \- -eortain conditions- of atmosphere arid \- moonlight, and ' lodked out of one or other of tho twottty-soven windows -that adorned the front of the building; But I novor hoard more than a tradi tion of its having been- soon ; wo were too busy in the day, and too tired and \- sleepy at night, to-have timo w think .- about ghosts: From the windows of - my -study, which I shared with my chpteon 'friend -and confidante, Dora Sondes, II could look right across a lovely valloy'to the Katzonollenhogou -ruin, and down , through the gorge to St. 'Goarhausen : and its smart neighbour, Newbrupk- hauson, whither we sometimes went for a walk and a jaunt on tho river, for Madame Loventhal was of opinion .that 'tell work and. no play' was de- icitielllyimjurious, and gave us as much .as Uhe-could of out-door liberty. We had pleasant times on the grand 4 eld river, and wero as familiar as tho \- .-fishermen with evory nook and corner ".of the neighbourhood. Wo invented legonds and stories of uo'nr .own about every rock and hill .vre rnmhlod over, and loved tho vineyards and moss-covered rocks as if tve 'had boon horn in tho land. I"" We were in- the midst of a "Wino- growing district. Tho monks, Whoso habitation wo occupied, >had he&n; tho wooalthiest wine growore in the coun try, and their business had been kept up if their body had been dispersed. I hardly know how the school pro- Bido'd over' by Madnmd Loventhal- camo to be so famous and. sb mueh sought ofter. It had a very small be ginning, I -believe, rind slio 'had bo- coine possessed of tho old. placo for a mere Bong ; but the thing hod grown, and professors had come thithorfuid the fame of it as.ii healthy place, where children wero well fed and cared for. as well as being well taught, got noised abroad, fill at tho time of which I am writing it. was ono of tho best schools of its kind in Germany. I can hear the tinkle of many pianos as I sit lazily looking out of my window/ and wondering about- well, about a great many tilings, that are a .little unintelligible to mo at present. For tho Bohool at Woasen- hauser makes music a speciality, and Madame has turned out a great many first-class pupils. : " , ' ' One young lady,1 who is taking tho world by storm with her talent, and turning people's heade.'by hor beauty, had- the groundwork of hor musical education - laid at : - ' tho monastery school/ as people call our houso, and as she doos not forget to proclaim the fact; and toll everybody lioW woll she' —an orphan girl — was troated hero, she is as good as a whole serieB of ad vertisements, Madamo declares. I am listening to a composition by. my olassmatos in a room two doors off, for ono of our competitions at the examination, which is only two days distant! is musical composition, and I am wondering oddly whether my ears are out of gear, or whether it ronlly sounds very much like ono of Men delssohn's it'eiler, when the door opens, and my spooial friend and room-mate walks in. I Dreaming again,' sho says, with a laugh, as I start at hor entrance, nnd rouso mysolf from a iAixod rovorio of all sorts of things. ' YVhoro wero you then, Magdalen ? ' I I don't know,' I reply, coming back to tho things of our school life with a wrench like a plungo into cold wator, for I had boon dreaming of one little ploasant memory that is marked with a white stone in my mind. Dora Sondes, christened Dovothy, a name repudiated as 'horrid' by the romantically-inolined scholars, at tho monastery school, hut lovod'hy the firls herself for its associations, and y me for its quaintness, is a tall, bril liant hrunetto, looking quite her eighteen yoars, and all too much of a woman to ho classified as a school-girl any longer. \- She is eminently handsome, this clever friend of mine, and will tako two or fhreo prizes at tho forthcoming examination ; at least that is the opinion of tho soliool in general,., and, Bomehow, we girls are seldom mis taken in matters of that sort. , . I love Dorothy very doarly, yet with tho slightest possiblo tingo of envy, for sho is rich, and I — well, thoro is not much of brightness in tho future for me. I have no friends, she has plenty. I have to earn my own living in tho world we shall both soon enter. I hnvo known' that for a long time- all tho timo I hnvo been at soliool, t -think, for I cannot remomher the timo when Madamo did not urgo mo to ex ertion, and toll mo tho liordorl worked now tho onsier I should find my path in life aftorwavds. No such straight way is before Dorothy. She will wonr fine clothes ulill uuid utoij1 vlllllg ouu 11 uuio iiuuu she leaves soliool, and ho happy; at least she will have the ideal existence that we have piotured to ourselves at School as the, perfection of happiness; and what moro oan the heart of a giri dosiro ? Sho is a lady, evory inch of her. She .walks, and talks, and carries hor proud little head as if she was an empress, and I think, languidly, how well robes of state would become hor as sho crosses our tiny sanctum to where I half lie, half sit in a funny old chair that we have come into possession of by the expenditure of a couple of florins. ' 'A ponny for your thoughts,' sho says, playfully. ' They are'nt worth it,' I reply. ' They are about nothing.' I blush as I 'speak, and I am angry with myself for doing it, for I have been thinking qf a stranger, a person of whom I know nothing, and yet who comes curiously into my mind at all sorts of unexpected timos. 'Tho handsome hoy ! ' Dorothy says, with a littlo laugh, for sho knows all about it, and I blush moro furiously than ever, and admit that tho un known stranger was occupying my thoughts while I lookod away ovor tho vineyards and watched the peas ants at thoir work. Not half a year ago, just after tho new year I had a littlo advonture. One of tho girls caught a fevor— not vory severe nor at any timo dangerous, hut infectious — and Madamo Loven thal decidod on sending such of the girls as were still woll to St. Gonr, on the other side of the river, there to he isolated, and to go on with thoir studies undor cpmpotont toaoliors. Dora, Sondes and I woro two of them, and wo were allowed a good deal of liberty. tit was winter, and the town was free from touristB, and wo could walk about as we pleased, and ramble and romance to our heart's content, and wo thoroughly availed eursolres of all our privileges. One day by the river side wo mot an adventure. We had taken our books and gone to spend an hour in a delightful spot wo had discovered, where we woro 60cuve from observa tion. The day was fine and suircy, and not too cold with our furs to -he veiy pleasant. . Our nook was in the shadow of|a' groat took, with tho river plashing and rippling at our foet. and tho world completely shut- out. Tho wind ivjis from the south, what littlo thoro wis of it, and wo could very woll sit for 5 a little while and enjoy the pleasure J>f being nlono. R In front of us wns a flat 'stone, about a dozen feot or so from the bank, .and leading to it, like a hridA, woro other stones, high and dry, which wo had ofton crossed. Th|y wore dry to-day, and a restless spirit prompted mo to go ovor and see hojv tho two hanks of the river looked from the old standpoint when there was no green on tho hillsides and ia touch of unmeltod snow on their sum mits. I got over all right, loaving Dorothy undof tho rock, and was standing thoro drinking in -the beauty of tho scono when I heard her call oijt in dismay. I could not think wliat was the matter with hor. I was safe onbugh,. biit I folt a littlo dismayed when I looked hnok and saw what alarmed her. The largest of the stones that formed our bridge to where I stood had disappeared, turned over or sunk, I don't know which, and there I Was cut adrift from all- chance of gotting hook dry-footed, standing' on. a stone in a- river with' a good many feot of water, between me and the land. Thoro was a strong, current there, and I had no idea how deeply the treacherous stone had sunk. To jump the breach it had made in dis appearing' was impossible, and I dare not try to wado. 1 What was to he done ? Dora looked the picture of despair, hut the ludicrous side of the situation struck me, and all I could do was to sit down on my stone and laugh till the tears ran down my oheeks. ' I was serious for all my merriment. I could not get hack without help of some sort'or other, and for her to go and publish my dilemma, and. have mo fetched off, would he to have a stop put to Our delightful wanderings for ever. , ' What shall wo do? ' slio gasped. ' I saw the dreadful thing go over just as you stopped off it. Is it deep there, do you think, Magdalen ? ' ' I dare not try,' I said, peering into the water, which soemod to mo to he of an awful depth in its turbulence. ' I'm thankful I wasn't on it when it toppled over. I should havo been ?oing down past the town at a de lightful rate by this timo. What a sensation I should have made ! ' . ' Ugh ! Don't ! ' Dorothy said shud dering ; and indeed I felt a little creepy myself as I thought, of what I had escaped. ' But what am I to do ? ': I said, aftor a pause of bewilderment. ' I can't bivouac on this stone all Uight; and it's miserably cold.' Tho wind was beginning to sweep down the river, .in gusts, and in my exposed situation I folt it keenly. 'I must go and call some one, dear,' sho replied. 'Don't get giddy and fall off - into tho water while I am away. Oh, dear! We shftU hoar of this for a long time, beauty.' ' Beauty' was a name she had be stowed on mo, and the other girls had taken it .up, though I am suro by tho side of her I did not in tho loast do- serve it ; -wo wero so different. I'll try not,' I said, though indeed tho swirling of the wator and tho ripple, and tho sense of being unable to got away from that ridiculous stone without bring helped, woro all com bining to make mo feel very giddy in- doed ; and I wns more thankful than I Bhould like to havo owttod to hear a voice say from the -bnnk, ' Is anything the matter, ladies ? Oan wo bo of any use?' '"memories. Dora started, and I lookod round from my chilly abiding place to soe two gentlemen standing behind my friend, and looking at us both with astonishment and some amueoment. Gentlemen both of them without a doubt, though thoy wero both clad in tho roughest of shaggy coats, and woro widoawake luits. Wo had not seon them approach, and thoy might havo dropped down from the clouds, so suddon had been their appearance. Ono of them — tho younger by many years, though thoy wero both dressod much in tho same fashion — had a bright, opon face that romindod mo of some ono, I could not think who, and a pleasant, ringing voico that seemed to spoqk comfort and safoty with tho first word it uttered. Ho was fair, thoroughly Saxon in appoarance, and English in every tone of liis voico. Tho otlior was a dark man, thin, . straight, and tall, and soemod, I thought, more inclinod to laugh at. mo than to liolp ino. 'What is tlio mattor ? ' tho younger gentleman said again, and his tone was sympathising nnd kind in its frimk, boyish ring. , ; I Can't get hack,' I said, dolefully. 'No. by Jovo! I don't suppose you can. I wondor how on earth you got thoro drysliod ! ' he oxclaimed. ' You couldn't havo jumped it ! ' Ho pointed to tho swirling rivor at my feet, nnd I shook my lioad. ' Tliero wns a stono there,' I said, 'and it has turned over, I supposo. Anyway, it is gone.' IIo looked rather grave, I thought, ns lio glnncod from mo to the place where the stepping-stone had been. ' The Rhine is a treacherous river,' ho remarked ; ' it wns a providonco that you woro not on tho thing when it turned ovor. Stand still; I will come and help you.' ' Would it not bo better to go nnd got. somo ono who knows tho rivor better than you do, Harry?' nskod the other gentloman, 'You cannot toll how deep that bit of wator may be, nnd the young lady will ho no hotter off when you got to her than sho is now.' ' I am not so sure of that,' was tho cheery reply. 'To go to tho town Would mean a delay of half-an-hour at least, and it is cold.' . ' It is. confoundedly.' .It had clouded over, and was do- . cidqdly chilly now, whatever it had boen an hour before. 'Besides,' , thd young gontlomnn won't on, and how I thankod him in my heart for tho suggestion ; ' to go to St. Goar proclaiming that wo want somo one to come and pick a young lady off a rock in tho river would ho to call attention to hor proceedings in a most disagreeable fasliiort. I' think I can ' manago it. Suppose 1 find1 a footing midway between those two stones, and give you my hands, do you think- yoil can jump it ? ' , ' I think so,' I said, much relieved: Wo were taught gymnastics at tho soliool, and 1 could jump and use my arms as well, as anyone. If I did not do it it would mean a tumble into the water, and various disagreeables be sides ; but I resolved to risk it. But where Cftn you find a footing ? 1 I said, in dismay. ' That is jiist what I havo to -fiiid out/ be replied. Excuse mo, ladies) but heavy boots that have springs in them aro not quite the things tor slippery: stonos/; ' . '' / i ' He had his hoots and socks off in a moment in spite of the remonstrances of his disagreeable friend, who I verily believe longed to go apd get boatmen- and all sorts of people just for the sdkO of enjoying my discomfiture. ( To he continued. J / 