Opening of Parliament. Pabxiameut opened at noon to-day. The Throne Speech, read by his Excel lency the Administrator, is sufficiently comprehensive and specific ; and withal it is businesslike to a degree. The in terval o£ the sessions has been filled with incidents not of lens moment than the deeds of the sessions themselves. The Speech opens with an explanation of the lateness of the present session. LaBt year the House commenced busi ness on July 7, that is a week after the financial year had closed. This year it is three dayB later. The inconveniences of this, as we hare noted, are that tem porary Supply Bills have to be passed, and it is always posaible that the session may reach on into the hot months of the year. The late commencement has one advantage, namely, that tho finan cial year being endod, its entire course comeB under review, and preparations can be made with more certainty as to what is wanted, and may be attempted. The first session of the Federal Council falls in for an early notice, chiefly because Queensland had the best representation there. But tho hope that the colonies not represented there may before long join the federa tion iB slightly forlorn. At this moment there is nothing to lend aid to the de»irothat the outstanding colonies will come in, and the present session of Par liament can do nothing to quicken their steps beyond showing a fervent desire that great questionscommontothegroup may eventually be considered by a federal council sufficiently large in numbers to giTe weight to their deliberations and acts. With gentle hand the address touches the dispute which arose at the close of last session relative to the power of the Council to deal with money pills. The question was debatable or it would not have been debated. The weakness of the position taken up by the majority in the Council was that they, not being constitutional lawyers, rested their cause upon their read ing of constitutional law. Primd facii, tho case was against them, since the persons moat likely to be right on a. constitutional question, and on the usages of Parliament, were on the other side. The paragraph con tains tho proper remark that this deci «ion by the Privy Council will be found to be a satisfactory determination of a much vexed question. The trouble as to New Guine* i* referred to, but tho fate of the Premier's proposals is not yet known. Should the Imperial Govern ment assent to these proposals it will be a remarkable example of what may be dono by adroitness over aud above tho dashing course of bolder politicians. But the aesent, when given, will not lettle tho difficulty. Indeed, unlesi some thing further is promptly done trouble ?will then begin. But the time will bring its caree, and they need not be anticipated. The. New Hebrides busi ness is noticed, and may in one form or another come before Parliament ; but it is to bo hoped that the ghost of the next general topic named, that is the returning of kidnapped kanakas to thoir homeB, will be for over laid, so soon as tho little bill, all too large, much ns it was reduced, has been paid. Coming to the affairs of tho session, tho first paragraph relates to the financial condition ol: tho country. Parliament will note the admonitory remark that ' it will be necessary for the present to exercise the most rigid economy in expenditure,' followed by an expression of confidence that tho Legislature ' will cordially concur with and assist in this course' The measures for the session embrace a few remanets. The most interesting amongst them is ' a bill to provide for tho pay ment of the expenses incurred by mem bers of the Legislative Assembly in attending Parliament.' Since these payments can b- uiado in fact, there is no reason why taey should not be made by statute. If they are not fixed in that wa]', a Government more liberal, or as some persons would say, more corrupt than the present, may any day increase the amount, and besides pay ing expenses, aleo grant a salary. Amongst the measures which should bo useful is one relating to goldfields, and another relating to mining for coal should be welcome. Two of the promised measures relate to the administration of justice. Nineteen measures iu all are ?promised, with a hint that other matters may be considered. None of theso measures aro of a party character, and therefore on that ground no time will be wasted over them, but since at least ten of them relate to great in dustries, it is of the first importance that they be carefully considered. The session promises to be legislative in tho first degree, and almost the only room for party warfare will bo found in pro posals which may be made in regard to an enlarged revenue. It is when parties fall into trouble that they fall into petty disputations ; but wrangling will never pay a debt. Not excepting this, the augurs are propitious, the sacred birds have eaten the grain. There is no need to toas them overboard with the observation that if they will not eat they shall drink. The watchwords are : The autonomy of the country, the unity of the empire, fidelity to all. 