Tin: ma nrir m i a a ztsKi!. -7 The E„rtnifhily opens m!!i ,1 J.n-et«iv«if.n <>n Law nml Licence. pu t r.i ti;., r"- "ot to 1 1 in London. The writer (.-mark Hint li e present d.tn-rr springs, n d from tho Irate wr.s-i "! mobs, but (rotn falre pruiriples 1 f p-tirr-rmtis'tt'. which >»rih"„- (be uriii ill which laieiosn.'s oiifdiit to In! le-trnir.,'.). It is thi which ha broucht J (.'land half w.,v t,, 'ri:(. prc-cnt state ni thai rotmirv depends n lit tie upon "eratutit u: lui-goreru- Went " no upon the spots in the sun. Iioterence is also tnr.de to tin' promptness with which the Anicriraii Government sup presses riotiug, bv bayonet nirt buil'-t, notwilit- ttanding the "inalienable rihls" to life and liberty obtained for every citizen. The writer recommends as n means of preserving public order that the shopkeepers of the metropolis should be enrolled as a body of special con stables, Mr. F. \V\ Bookott. a London artisan, contributes a paper on the People nnd their Friends. Ho insists that people must look for help and guidance, not from the rich nnd powerful, uut from aspirants for Parliamentary honor.-, but the humble few that aro to be found, thinking out tho great pro'nlems of the age, not with the object of satisfying any desire for political power or popularity, but simply front a sense of their duty to their fellows. It is for the people to help snch men and women in their task with their practical experience and knowledge of details, and to work with thein patiently and hopefully to bring about that social re- crgauisatiou without which Acts of Parliament may be passed iu vain, aud philanthropists may squander millions fruitlessly. Discoursing ou Parisian Hells, Edward Delille says that Paris is greatly ou tho dccliue, and I10 attributes this to the prevalence of gambling of a dangerous descrip tion. In an article ou the Army and Democ racy, it is urged that officers must he better paid than they are now, and have hotter prizes, so that success in tho army may carry with it, even to poor men. success in life as generally understood. " Once meet the views of the democracy," the writer adds, " and every police or post office might become a registry of names for military ser vice. Once pay the officers fairly, and their ranks will contain some of tho best brains in the country ; and brains will make ail the difference in war, other things being equal." An interesting sketch of the duties and responsibilities of foreign correspon dents of the press is furnished by Mr. W. Beattv-Kiugston. Tho writer of an article on the Scotch crofters arrives at tho conclusion that tho truo solution of tho qucstiou is to be found in the development of tho fishing industry, combined with a judi cious schcino of State assisted emigra tion ; nnd that no amount of tinkering at tho tand laws is likely by itself to bring any solid or permanent prosperity to the Highland population. A very readable sketch of the Bossetti family is supplied by Mr. W. Sharpc, who sums up with the observation that there has existed in our generation n family of poets and writers, such as in all probability will con tinue to he unique, a family that will he looked hack to in days to come, with an in terest that can hardly be realised at pre sent ; for such a poet as Christina Bos setti can como to us but at rare intervals, snch a poet nnd painter in union as Dante Gabriel Bossetti hut once. Cape. J. P." Nolan, M.P., sets forth some Home Kuler's views, and points out that there ure both free and fair trade advocates of Home Hulc. Frco trade or fair is not, ho believes, absolu tely essential either to the perfecting of fhe Irish Homo Role ideal or to her future financial progress, and may he put aside as an accidental portion of a great question. Ireland's financial hopes, if permitted to manage her own affairs, rest on a more solid foundation than ou the success or failure of free-trade. That absenteeism wonld be diminished by the concession of Homo Rule is probable, 11s oven the advocates of the Union admitted, iu 1800, that it would ho increased by tho transfer of power to London : nnd it is notorious that this prediction has been fulfilled. An unsigned orticlo in the Caiiicmporary deals with the Irish difficulty, submitting as tho urgent question of the day, Te it possible for England to grant such a measure of Homo Rule to Ireland as will satisfy every reasonable desire of the Irish people without involv ing any disruption of tho Empire or en dangering the property or safety of tho loyal minority? The writer directs attention to tho fact that the population of Ireland at the pre sent time is a little over 5,160,000. of whom, in rotmd numbers, 1,150,000 arc Protes tants and 4,010,000 Romanists.' The island con tains about 20,000,000 acres of land, of which one half is owned by less than 750 proprietors, each holding upwards of 5000 acres, three pro prietors holding over 100,000 acres, fourteen over 50,000 acres, and ninety over 20,000 each. One hundred and ten landlords hold among them 4,000,000 acres, or one-filth of the soil of the whole country. OI the landlords who hold, in 1871, over 100 acres, 4842 wore non-resi dent and only 5589 resident in tho country, Tho writer suggests on arrangement by which, in consideration oi Ireland being granted entire self-government in all home affairs, tho repre sentatives sent by Ireland to the Imperial Par liament shonld bear tho same proportion to tho representatives sent- by Great Britain as tho smoant of rovonue contributed for Imperial purposes by Irelnnd bears to tho contribution of tho rest of the kingdom ; or, as a compro mise, that they should be reduced to sixty mem bers, to be elected by tho provincial Parlia ments, each Parliament sending a number proportionate to Ure populaUon it represented nnd under tho cumulative system or" voting, thns insuring a fair representation of all parties, and the return of the best men. Lord Hob- housc, continuing l.'r essays on Free Land, sees no objection to the land being divided in small allotments for adequate prices, provided the present owners were justly compensated. Ho has no faith in the scheme working very extensively, but, if carefully administered on a sonnd financial basis, ho thinks it may prove a valuable addition to the forces in favor of multiplying interests inland. The subject of Colonisation and Emi gration is dealt with by Mr. Arnold White, who remarks, witli regard to Uie Australian colonies, that something may be done by means of a circular dispatch addressed to tho Governors of tho respective colonies inviting their support ; but it wilL be necsssary for a re sponsible agent, unconnected with polities, to. visit Australia for tho purpose of making permanent arrangements for the trans mission of full, impartial und regular reports. Dread of competition, displayed in an acute form in the 1 hincso Exclnsion Acts, is equally hostile to any undertaking whatever which will have as an inevitable result the lowering of wages. On this ground the Governess of the Australian colonics cannot be expected in their dignified and constitutional positions to identify themselves with measures opculy repugnant to their Ministries, who re present constituencies tho balk of which aro wage oarners, for these latter will undoubtedly bo effected by the immi gration of competitors from England and Scotland. Under ihe title of Tyrants of the Sea, Sir Thos. Brasscy speaks of the hrntal treatment which sailors ore sometimes subjected to, and expresses regret that Mr. Flunsoil's exertions to diminish tbc loss of life at sea have had so little practical result. In 1884, within the space of one week in the month of January, from. 150 to 200 lives were lost In throe weeks of tbo same month 350 vessels of all nationalities were reported lost. Of this number 199 were British sail ing vessels, and 42 were British steamers. Very few of the losses were of old ships ; hence their destruction cannot be laid to old age. ' Sic Thos. Rtassey expresses tho opinion that- t:>> ntei i;1 j;fa a xv ill »ver hrt f-rurM ! a 1 etT"::i.',itv „ l1. r : re. ,,f ; ! i:> lire a;l( hf > inn; t, !,.'/ ! ! 1 1 1 1 r." " tinld I !.rv . ' . 1u.1r.1i! m.-nr'iire j ulnnn., a'.,! ki In b 'C'-ni.' imp,.-, -1I4. for (be crre-M cf t'> rfr.-.v.-r anyiiimg L-von-1 »n inde'imit. Inter lire exi.-tii;.; c..irelii;,>n f the law, an OK iKr .nay Vir.ul 1.1 MUI rail , r (1..1U P. tew 1 b.v til'. I:, c.T his ship, and > lmu; a tl.i is pi'imittcd it is idle to terek |ur that I strict cjre auil alt.'uliuii In dctaih , whicli are necesraty in the iiiaiu'-m-'nt "f shipping. Mr. Walter lies-ant directs attention to the little care taken for the. instruction of children between the important ages of 13 and i7, uiter they have left the schools, aud to the vast number of young poonle who, at this critical period of their live, make a habit of spending their evenings iu the streets. Mr. Edison explains, in the .Vvr.'/r American Itcvuw, his new system of r.ir telegraph for telegraphing to trains and ships. While con ducting somo experiments lie found that lie could tiirow a very stroug electric current 50 feet through the air, irotn one conductor to another, by mcaus of a simple primary coil which gave 110 spar : iu the air, while the secondary coil connected therewith, although giving sparks through the air several inches in length, was powerless to transmit a wave over tiiis great distance. Ho can now throw the electric current 580 feet through tho air. A circuit can now bo established between any train, either moving or at a standstill, on a railroad and tho terminns of tho road, or between the trains and any station on the route. A circuit is also established between any one train and all other trains ou the same road. Tho current generated on the car pro- coeds from a small five-cell battery placed under a table about 2 feet square, which holds the instrument. Tlio table affords room for a Morse key, an electro-magnet, and an instru ment called a " vibrator," whicli, by means of a metal reed, gives a musical character to the electrical impulsos caused by opening and closing the circnit. At the termini, or at any fixed station, all that is ueeded is a similar apparatus, with a twelve-cell battery aud a wire connection with three or four of the regular telegraph wires. On the car the wires from the battery aud instrument are grounded through the axles and wheels. Another wire leads up to the ordiuarv metal roof of the cur, and charges it with electricity. The roofs of tho several cars composing a train may also bo connected by an insulated copper wire. In this way tho roof acts as oue side of a con denser, and Ihe usual telegraph wiros stretched on poles along the edge of the road-bed form the other side of the condenser. The current from the car battery and tho roof of the car is of such a nature that tho wave of olectricity sent from the apparatus in tho car lasts only about one 500,000th of a second. During this short period the air seems to conduct electricity ; but if the current were allowed to remain any- longer tho air would enter into such a state as to oppose any further transraissiou. If now an interval of time is allowed to elapse, the air regains its normal condition, and another wave Can be transmitted. Iu sending a single Morse letter, for instance the letter E, which is a single dot, over fifty separate waves with waits between them havo to bo transmitted, at tho rate of six hundred per second. Those separate, rapid waves term a musical sound. A long or short suppresai n of the key of on organ imitates the souud of tho dots and dashes as heard in >the receiving instrument. Tho operators, both on the car and at the fixed stations, hear thoso notes through telephonic ounders, so that tho rattle of the train and the crackling noise of other messages rushing along tho wires do not distnrb them in the least. Mr. Edison expects to bo able to applv tbo principle in snch a way that ships at sea, many miles apart, can exchange messages of any length by signals. This will, probably, bo accomplished by using a balloou-kito coated with tin-foil, soaring sovcral hundred feet abovo the deck and controlled by a fine wire. News of wrecks, distiess, mutinies, &c.;, could be rapidly forwarded from ship to ship within each other s Signalling area, aud merchants could not only find out just where tho ships are that carry valuable cargoes invoiced io them, but conld also, if they desired, telegraph to alter the destination of their vessels, in accord ance with changes of the markot. In limo of war a line of ships stationed along tho coast or between tho scene of active hosfilities and tho nearest telegraph office, could be of immense Eervico iu conveying by tho " air- telegraph" news Of the enemy's approach, or in trans mitting despatches whero communication by tho land routes was interrupted. Tho Irish question is dealt with by fivo different writers in ihe Nineteenth Century. Mr. Bobt. Giffeu discusses the economic value of Ireland to Great Briiain. He holds that tho direct advantages to Ireland from complete or partial separation are appa rently so little that they cannot compensate the danger involved in anything like complete separa tion. Of coarse, iu isolation and hostility to Great Britain Ireland would bo lost. It is utterly without resources to maintain snch an atti tude. On the other hand, the advantago to Ireland of a partial separation, in volving a settlement of tho direct accounts and leaving to it all tho advantago of forming part of the United Kingdom, would ho enormous. Tho conclnsiou ho arrives at is that Great Britain has not much to loso in dis solving partnership, while Ireland has. The Right Hon. G. Shaw Lefcvre quotes precedents for Home Rule in other countries, including Swodeu and Norway, the relations of Austria to Hungary and ihe Governments of the United States and tho British colonics, showing that tho difficulties with which Mr. Glad stone is now confronted have been solved by statesmen of other countries. He is convinced that when once a scheme is launched by cither of tho two great parties of Eugluod, for conceding autonomy to Ireland, the other will by force of circnmstauces bo compelled eventually to admit the principle. Nothing, he says, in the past half century has been more re markable than the manner in which the great Liberal chief, rising to tho necessities of the hour, at a time when his political career must be - approaching its end, came to the conclusion almost atone that this great question must he solved ; having dono so, ho set about to convert to bis views his colleagues, his party and his countrymen, with a resnlt al ready most surprising, and which is pregnant of success in tho future. Lord I-'itzmaurico writes upon Home Rale in Austria, the Hon. A. 3). Elliot upon Home Rule for Scotland, and Mr. F. H. Hill npon the Impending Eng lish Answer. The last mentioned as serts that tho main object of granting Home Rule to Ireland is to strengthen tho union between that country and Great Britoiu, to give torco on Imperial matters to theauthor- ity of the Imperial Parliament, to supply | further guarantees for tho supremacy of the j Crown, end the restoration of self-government to Great Britain, now deprived of it by the con trol exercised by Irish members over British | legislation and administration. Whatever tho j process adopted, ho maintains that the redistri bution of functions between a central legisla ture) and local chambers is a necessity of efficient j Parliamentary government in a great and varied |StatasnchastheUuitod Kingdom. Lord Penzance attacks the Free-trade idolatry of Great Britain, and gives the following quotation from Mul- baU's Balance Sheet of the World: — "At present Great Britain holds the foremost indus trial place, hut the Uniied States will prob ably pass us in the next decade. Europe in the meantime is losing weight in the balance of labor. This is duo not only to the rise of the United States, but also that of the British colo nics, which are already assuming tho importance of kingdoms." Thus, tbo community that overtakes and threatens to pass Great Britain in the race is tho very one that has carried the principle of.protection twice as for us any. othcr- i! if lr ti. while !!n> fltitiOi r>1"oic« Me hl tab b-roir.g 111 Irer H.Ltapi. Cxit-ida, wh.fli 1 tb- in i-.-hly p.reii"!,!,., A, nr,i! rival America. \- ll la f-, Hilly I . «h:H rei, . v.., to the bid." w-i'ri I . r i l'.-n/n.-:.- >, " i;,at what we no- c- I ill l.tn V.n frrc- trade —that i. a fi I E' Ii.'.aog) ,,l roki-u.-.iiiii , unfetterr-i by tout! 1 1 re-, and t hat v.- 1 ire I we are living ! Oil! rui 6 1 1 free topo, I- 111 oar >,-.vn elm- Ir.i, Hid a ciiuaienv I, ..vied wiih toilers I'bro.i i, ::u l lie T " ; 011 to show thel it is en- tirelyu fallacious I heorv lI1.1t a coiuilrv is abte, with mathematical! certainty, to iucicoso its exports hv increasing its imports. /ibir.vieeer/ (to vole ) considerable space to iwne sketches of Scotch local history, which revive msnv half-forgotten legends. It. is told ot Alastair MacdoUuld, that ho was a griin personage, who whenever he took a sword out of its sheuth never liked to put it buck without shedding blood. Oue of this worthy's sisters was married to a certain M'Ncill, of whom lie could not get the upper hand. Being mortified and enraged with the failure of auy attempt on the life of M'Ncill, ho sought out tile house of another sister, entered it in the night, and cut off the head ol her husbund in lied. The substitution of the innocent brother iu law, who was in bed and fearing nothing, when it proved impossible to kill (he offending relation, is described as a angularly naice expedient. Tho vnluo of the now acquisition of tho British Crown, Upper Bunnali, is described in glowing terms. The now eastern province is five times as largo us Scotland, and is rich both in minerals and pro ducts of the soil. The opeuing up ol communication botwecn Assam and Northern Burma, it is poiutcd ont, should largely extend tho cultivation of the tea plant. There is every reason to believe that tho southern and eastern slopes of tho Pathoi and Lushai moil 11- tains are well ndap ed for this industry ; aud it is probablo that tho existence of the tea plantations of Svlhet aud Cachar, which are separated from the Burmese slopes by onlv a short interval, will exercise a powerful in fluence on the introduction of the tea plant within tbo frontier. Tho political out look in England is discnsEed in a stroug partisan spirit. "Lord Salisbury, it is ob served, " has "lalleu for Ihu moment'before tho unscrupulous tactics of his opponents uud the flood of misrepresentations with which they iuundated the country before and during tbc late general election. But Lord Salisbury will return. The calm, strong senso of tho British people will reassert itself, tho eyes of tho constituencies will he opened, and all the arts and subtcrfnges of the oldest 'Parliamentary hand' will not keep from power, the Minister whoso capacity has now been well proved, and whoso loyalty aud patriotism desorve, and assuredly wiil receive, t..o confidence ulike of his sovereign und her people. An interesting notice is given of a diary kept at Vallauolid in tho time of Cer vantes, by a Portuguese of distinction, who was personally acquainted with the author of Bon Quixote. This literary treasure trove was found in the British Museum. Its value is enhanced by the fact that scarcely anything is known of the personality of Cervantes. The diarist says on ono page: "I will tell yon a most charming story about Lope Garcia de la Torre, whom yon know. His wife, who is of high family and extremely handsome, sits up all night gambling, and losing two or three hundred ducats iu her own house, without troubling herself in the least about her hus band, Ho goes to bed early, and if by any cbnnco he calls her, and tells her to come, sho answers, ' Hold your tongue, and lot mo play, Lope Garcia ? 1 ou won't ? Cervantes, give me hare that taws (jaalmatoria , an instrument mado of leather thongs, fixed to a wooden handle, and usod by schoolmasters), and we'll see if I can't make him hold his touguc. Senor Don Lope, so long as I play with what is rnv own, hold yoar tongue ; when it is with what is yours, scold away."' In a very readable sketch of Sea Serpents, Original aud Selected, in Cornhillt the writer says i — " Tho modern serpent is tho heir- general of the ancient dragon, deceased. When the dragon was gathered to his fathers he left most of his surviving properties and effects by will to his representative, tho serpent, as re siduary legatee. Or, to put tbo matter some what moro correctly, tho dragon is not yet wholly extinct ; he has gradually developed into the serpent by slow and imperceptible changes. Mauy old draeoniau peculiarities cling about him even now, in his serpentine guise. The very uame itself has a mythical ring about it ; for when a man says 'snake' you know at once ho means the kind of reptile dealt in by Dr. Giinthor and Sir Joseph Favrer — tho ophidians of fact and science ; but when he says ' serpent1 you know ho means the mysterious dragon-liko beast who has entered largely into nil myth from the beginning of all things. Now, "tho serpent, as everybody knows, is tho father of lies ; not only is he (as Falstaff would have said) a liar himself, but ho is also 11 cause of lying in others; Not that tho lying need bo necessarily conscious or inteulional ; by far tho larger part of it, no doubt, is duo to hasty or incorrect observation, distorted by terror, mag nified by wonder, an d rendered unduly definite by preconception. I regard the man who says ho has ' seen a sea serpent' in ranch the sumo light as I regard the man who says he has ' seen n ghost.' Each is applying to a real or supposed object, moro or less hastily observed, a term which is mythical in origin, overlaid by super stitions and prejudices, aud at once too definite and too iudciinite for the thing he thinks he has seen. Instead of merely stating facts, he is drawing an inference; he is classifying his own experience side by side with certain other experiences and beliefs, tho mass of which have come down to us from on eminently un critical myth- making romantic age. Thereby ho puts himself immediately out of court ; his evidence is either inadmissible, or is, at least, worth -very little." 