Brevities. The Opposition again on the warpath. The new political difficulty— the New Hebrides. A light demand — ' Give me a match, will yon?' What will be done with the Post-office earrings ? Water Conservation Commission still on tne spree. Mr. Flood, M.L.C.very Eora about those missing The' great N.S.W. windmill — our Legislative Afi Look ont for the new tale in next Saturday's Evening News. ' _ ' Bimbia bombarded 1 Beally, now is it a tact ? But where is Bimbia? Lord and Lady Carrington cordially received in the City of the Plains. . The successor to the Kiama Ghost is the 'Bogus Phantom.' A perfect Flood of tears shed in the Legislative Council last night by an honorable member. Three carters were fined 5a each, with costs, in the Water Police Court to-day, for having fed their horses in the street. In the Water Police Court to-day, , a carter was fined 10a, with costs, for having had a wooden case projecting over his cart. B.M.S. Mariposa from 'Frisco, was timed to reach the wharf at about 1 p.m. There will be a large gathering of Buffalos, in the North Shore lodge to-night. A pumpmaker in Adelaide recently attended a dairy convention in Melbourne. A most interesting and exciting story will be begun in Saturday's Evening News. 'lam my own tpoter,' said the .chap who was teaching himself to play the cornet. Whoever named Jellaby Jellaby Creek must have been an enthusiastic reader of Dickens. If you ask a cockney how to spell ' salmon ' this is the way he will mangle it — ?Hesr-nay-hell-hem-ho- hen. Suggested use for the Post-office carvings — Dis- pose of them in New Zealand as ornaments for a Maori pah. Everybody' wanted to know' last night in the Legislative Assembly, but Ministers did not satisfy the more curious. Five thousand one hundred and sixty-two ounces of gold arrived from Queensland yesterday, and 5038oz this morning. An M.L.A. 'down' on the Telegraph Depart ment last evening. Only those who have suffered know what the muddle is like. About three-quarters of a ton ot fish condemned in Woolloomooloo Fish Market this morning by Mr. Seymour, sanitary inspector. I* What does the Free Trade Association propose doing in reference to the new taxation proposals? That body might well take up the subject. A baker was fined £p in the Central Police Court this morning for having sold bread which was sour and totally unfit for human food. The Mayor (Mr. John Young) with the aldermen of the city will probably visit the Japanese corvette Tsukuba to-morrow (Friday; afternoon at 3 o'clock. On Saturday next will be begun in the Evening News a sensational story of thrilling interest, abounding with romantic incidents and novel situa tions. 'A Terrible Blunder ' is the title of a new So ciety novel. Its plot hinges on the efforts of a. band of burglars and their attempts to break into a news paper man's safe. ' Atmospheric changes,' said Mr. George Thorn ton, in the Legislative Council, on Wednesday night, 'will tone down the present grotesquenees of the PoBt-office carvings.' Tho police at Darlinghurst have in their possession thirty three-bushel wheat Backs for which owners are wanted. Some of the sacks have flour in them, and they are variously branded. The Parramatta Bench ordered a warrant to issue on Wednesday for Henry \Vteatley, who failed to appear to show cause why he should not contribute to the support of his illegitimate child. Mr. George Thornton considers the PoBt-offi.ce car vings are 'idealistic.' Mr. Piddingtonis of opinion that they are 'contemptible caricatures,' and Mr. Darley regards them as '' base disfigurements.' Grand Primo Hyam Hains, of the B.A.O.B. (Surrey Banner), wants a Buffalo hall, built in Sydney, and he said last night that if he could get twenty-five energetic members to work with him, it would be done. Although the people of the United States hare no ill-feeling against the inhabitants of the Sandwich Islands, there will be a thrill of pleasure through out the Union over the report that tho Mormons mean to emigrate to an island of the Hawaiin group. 'Tis worthy of notice that the acoustic properties of the new courthouse at Young are reported as de fective. The same complaint can truthfully be made of nearly every other of our courts, as the poor re porters and others who are interested in the pro ceedings know only too well. The arrest of a Chinaman on a charge of begging in the Parramatta streets caused quite a sensation on Wednesday. He had to be bodily carried to the lookup by three stalwart ** numbers av the foorce,' and his yells for a time disturbed the business of the court. An irrepressible reporter said it was only a slight touch of ' the yellow agony.' Mr. Abigail is on the war path. He has again questioned Mr. Garvan about the Coroner's office. The reply was that that the plans for the new build ing are ''under consideration.' If we may form a judgment upon past experience, it is not at all un likely that all who are now interested in the removal of the Coroner's office from its present site, will be under something else, and peeping at the daisy roots, before the building is completed — such is the dispatch of paralytic officialism. The man who in his self-made rule confides, And talks about them as the New He-brides, la not mora wrong than he whose boast and pride is To speak about them as the New He- bri-des. Let's hope that both of them will by degrees ' Learn to pronounce it the New Heb-ri-des. Important Public Notice. — The great auction sale by James Bodd aud Co., ou account of whom it may concern, of £3000 worth of »lightly damaged by sea water blankets, flannels, sheetings, calicos, dress goods, carpets, men's, boys', and youths' clothing, shirts, hats, hosiery, Ac, &c.;, came off on Wednesday last, and J. J. Byan, of the well known Drapery and Clothing Arcade, was declared the pur chaser of the entire shipment. The goods are only very slightly damaged. J. J. Eyan has had the goods removed to his premises at the Haymarket. for public sale, and on Saturday next the whole lot will be'offered te the public at half cost price. The sale Will commence on Saturday next at 10 o'clock, and continue each day until all sold. Please come early, the crush is sore to be enormous. Remember, the sale of this stock is at J. J. Byan'e Drapery and Cloth ing Arcade, George-street, Haymarkot.— Advt. Please to rememember Saturday next is the day appointed for the bif Jand sale on the Ulawarra Bailway line, Bock dale Park. 300 lots to choose from. Best title, Torrens's. Good terms, £10 per lot deposit ; balance by 60 equal monthly payments. Interest only 5per cent. -Watkin and WatlonseU. — Advt. Between Bockdale and the city, on the Ulawarra. Railway Line, there is no other similarly situate estate to Bockdale Park, which Watkin and Watlrin sell on Saturday. ' It is on both sides of the line, has ™i» road frontages, and only 5f miles from fiedfern.— Advi. A Bemarkable Fact. — The great success attending- the sale at Cameron's, 82, King-street, demonstrates the fact that the public fully perceives the difference between a yearly, half-yearly, or other special catch sale and a genuine forced clearing-out sale. Premises coming down. —Advt. Tattersall's Monster Consultation, Bosehill Handicap now \open, and filling fast. 2000 subscribers of 20a each. First horse, £1000, 2nd £300, 3rd £200, starters £250. non starters £250 divided.— Advt. Artificial teeth, best quality, full sets £5. Teeth stopped painlessly. . Marshall Brothers, dentists, 133, Elizabeth Btreets, Hyde Park,— Ajdvt. :? ? Tattersall's Hawkestury Autumn Handicap and Sydney Cup, each £2000, subscribers, now open and filling rapidly. ?—Advt. . For good value, try Thomas and Co., fashionable tailors, next Smart's Hotel, Pitt and Market streets.— Aevt. Dr. Stanich for ear and eye disease. Consulting Booms at50, Wynyard-sq[uare, Sydney. — Advt. '? The latest mystery.— Bertha's secret. 'What w it?— Advt. Ladies! What is Bertha's secret ?— Advt. B. A.O.B.— A well-attended meeting of the Exhibi tion Lodge, No. 5, B.A.O.B. (English Banner), was held in the Exhibition Hotel on Wednesday night. Primo Selfe presided. ? Among those present were the Grand Primo, 'Sir*' W. Pegrnm, Grand Secretary Primo J. T. Stead, ' Sir' Joseph Eadley, and the Grand Primo of the Surrey Banner, Bro. Hyam Hains. There was also a regalia visit from the Waterloo. Lodge of the S.B. Primo Captain Barrow, in a nest speech, proposedayote of thanks to the visitors, which, was carried by acclamation. Grand Primo 'Sir' W. Pegrum proposed a rote of thanks to Grand Primo Hains, and D.G.P. Swords, of the Surrey Banner, which -was carried by acclamation. Grand Primo Hains, in replying, Observed that he was proud to Bay that he was Grand Primo of 7000 BuffaloB. (Applause.) The Governor, -Lord Carrington, was a Primo under the .TJSigHBTi banner. (Cheers.} It was his intention to hare a Buffalo hall built, and if he could get twenty-five energetic members *o work' with him, it would be done. (Applause.) Some mat ters were discussed, after which tBe lodge was closed in the usual loyal manner. The weekly\ meeting of the :' Nil Deaperaudum lodge' was held on Wedsesi day, evening; at the Town Hail Hotel, Forest Iiodge. Sittinc Primo W. H. Eves .occupied the chair, «6d about thirty members of the order were present. An application from ' Sir' Wm. '. Schroder to. be allowed to open a lodge at the lanwood Club, : in the Glebe Poinfcroad, was eranted. The Grand Prrmo,;-H. Hains.-ajid Deputy Grand Primo Swords paida semi official -visit ; also Grand Secretary lie vison. Several, visitors Were present, including S)LQ. P. Landers, Primo Bell^'&c.; A very {Aeaeant evening was spent, and numerous brethren contributed to the harmony of tJnii agreeable assembly. 