Mail News. Fkoji late Euglish files we take the fol lowing : — TlllJ SPLIT IN THE PAllNELLITE PARTY \- SCENKS OF DISORDER. The split In the National party, caused by the Galway election has been tided over by the withdrawal of Mr. Lynch. Mr. Parnell arrived at Galway ou the morning of the 10th February, accom panied by Messrs. T. Sexton, T. P. O'Con nor, J. J. O'Kelly, J. Deasy, and H. Campbell. The town was iu a very ex cited state. At the railway station the party was met by Messrs. liealy, Biggar, and O'Brien, Captaiu O'Shea and a num ber of priest . A large crowd had assem bled, aud Mr. Parntfll was received with cheers, mingled with loud cheers for Lynch, and cries of ' To hell with O'Shea aud Parnell !'' Thecrowd were disposed to give Mr. Parnell aud his friends very rough treatment, they were hustled about, and the rush was so great that it was con sidered dangerous to venture out of the station. With the greatest difficulty, through the instrumentality of Mr. Healy and some of tbe Roman Catholic clergy, who beat back tbe crowd with tlieir sticks and umbrellas, Mr. Parnell aud his friends succeeded in gaining au entrance into the Railway Hotel by the back door. The police were unable to prevent the crowd from forciug their way into the hotel, aud they shouted, in a very excited manner, 'To hell with Parnell the traitor ! We will have no man but Lynch. What we did before we can do again.' Inside the hotel their conduct was most violent, and it was thought ad visable that Mr. Parnell aud his party should go into a private room. No dis' liuctiou was made between priests and laymen ill the tumult. Some of the hats of the members were knocked ofl in the scuffle. Mr. Lynch addressed tlie crowd from the sleps of the hotel, and said it. was treason ou the part of Mr. Parnell to select Captain O'Shea. Mr. Parnell was a great man, but i! was the Irish people who made him so, and they had the power to uudo what they had done before. Bauds afterwards paraded the streets followed by crowds cheering for Lynch. Mr. Healy addressed thecrowd at the hotel aud begged them t ) main tain a quiet demeanour. In the mean time a private conference was held at the hotel, and Mr. Lynch was iuduced to attend it. He was there more than an hour, aud when he left he stated that a meeting would later 011 be held iu the rooms of the Young Ireland Society, and that he would there state what took place at the conference. Au adjournment was made to the hall of the Young Ireland Society, where a conference began at 3 o'clock, and lasted until half-past 4. At that hour it was publicly announced that at the request of Mr. Parnell the candi dature of Captaiu O'Snea had been ad opted, and that Mr. Lynch had retired iu his favour, at the request of Mr. Par nell. Mr. Lynch then retired publicly, and a vote of tbauks was passed to him. Mr. Parnell was escorted to his hotel by a cheering crowd. ARREST Ol-' A M 1111. 1. ST ClIIEl'. The rumour of the arrest of au import ant Nihilist chief, recently reported, is confirmed, aud the following additional details are given by tbe St. Petersburg correspondent of th'e7i);i'«: — The indi vidual iu question is up to the present believed to he Ivauofl', who several years ago escaped from prison at Kiel!', together with the famous Stephauovich, who in stigated the revolt of Tchigirin, and was subsequently recaptured, tried, aud— if my memory serves me rightly— hauged. Ivauofl' escaped abroad, and it appears that the Russian Government have for a long time past beeu keeping watch over him iu Paris, which surveillance is said to have cost them a large sum of money. He only lately returned to St. Petersburg, and was arrested on leaving a restaurant. 1 u his possession were found two per fectly legal passports, one iu the name of IvanofT aud the other in that of Sokololl'. For this important capture the successor of the murdered Soudaikiu, Lieutenant Sekuriusky, has rcceis'ed the Order of SI. Vladimir and 3000 roubles. The other police officers have also received various pecuniary rewards. Other less impor tant captures are said to have been made iu consequence of the first. FOUNDERING OF A BRITISH SHIP.— LOSS OF FIFTEEN' LIVES. The steamship German landed at Ply mouth on the 3rd February Captain Ver sey and niue of the survivors of the British ship Hudsou, of Glasgow, which capsized 120 miles south of Blettinguurgs Bay during a terrific gale. Tbe vessel was bound from Java to Falmouth with sugar, and when between Mossel Bay and Algoa Bay she experienced the full force of a very heavy storm from the south-east. Tlie Hudson was under can vas at the time, aud a sudden squall drove her ou her beam ends. The cargo shifted, aud the masts were cut away with a view to righting, but she was next struck by a tremendous sea and hurled right over, sinking ill] mediately. A boat had been previously provisioned, and six of the men had got into it. They managed to get clear, and picked up tbe captain, a native of Torquay, and two of the crew, but the remainder, 15 iu number, were, as previously reported in brief, drowned. The survivors pulled about for GO hours, aud were then picked up STRANGE OCCURRENCE AT SEA. A small smack, nuined the Columbine, which trades between Lerwick and Sum burg, in the Slietlauds, started from tirutness Harbour on tlie 26th January, for Lerwick Tlie wind was blowing from the south-east, aud a heavy sea was ruuniug. When about four miles on bis course, the skipper of the smack, James Jamieson, was knocked overboard. The other two men forming the crew hove the vessel lo and put off in a boat to attempt to save their companion, leaving no one ou board but a woman passenger. The attempt to save tbe captain was fruitless ; and the two men, to their QOUr sternaTi -n , tu un -1 ?(,! )tU-Uie -veaael^iad -goK- urlder weigh iigaiujaiidiWttH stiandiiig ofl to sea. They pulled after lier as hard as they: could; but thejs^-waa heavy, and the smack rapidly increased li°r distance from them. At last 'they gave up the attempt as hopeless,' aud turued for the shore, which they reached with diftlculty. On their story being, made ikiiownVan attempt was made to launch a large bimt at Sandlodge to proceed in search of the smack ; but this was fouud impossible owing to the.heavy seas breaking on the coast. Telegrams were theu despatched for the assistance of tbe only steamer that happened to be at the islaud ,at the time, the Gipsy, of Aberdeen, which was lying at Midyell, and that/vessel left to prose cute the search. The passenger ou board was an elderly woman named Moceat, who Was suffering from illness and \yks going to Lerwick for medical advice. There were enough | rovisions ou board to last a week. Up to the 1st February the search had proved unsuccessful, aud tbe most experienced men had given up all hope of the recovery of the craft. THE MARRIAGE OF CATHOLIC PRIESTS. The Court of Appeal of Amiens has, so far as its jurisdiction goes, decided the question of the validity of the marriage of Catholic priests. In its opinion beiug in holy orders does not disable a priest from contracting matrimonial obliga tions. The Public Minister summoned up in this sense also. Unfortunately, the judgement of the highest tribunal at Amieus is at variance with a famous one of the Court of Cassation. The appellant theu was Madame Ronvier, at that time the wife of the AbbC Constant, who had tried before the Court of Appeal of Paris to get her marriage set aside. She had married him in 1848. The judges who first heard her suit rejected it on the grouud that the code does uot place members of the secular or other cleruy under any disability. To this the Court of Cassal ion agreed, but it held that, the Roman cauou law beiug accepted by the French Government iu ail that concerned the discipline of priests, the Abhfi Cou staut could not legally get married. However, as that decision was given uuder tlie Empire, aud during a time of clerical reaction, a pretext may be fouud for escaping from the effects of this judgement should the Amiens affair be brought before the Court of Cassation. LOST IN LONDON.— AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. A somewhat extraordinary case is re ported. It appears that a family named Cox had lived for Bome time past iu Elliott's-row, St. George's-road, South ward Ou Tuesday, thr; 29th January, the family moved to a house iu a turning off the Wnlworth-road ; but, in order that Mrs. Cox should not be worried with the moving, she, with her baby, about six weeks old, went to Bayswater to stay at the house of a frieud. Mrs. Cox remained there during Tuesday night, but started at 3 o'clock the next afternoon to her new home, which she had seen previous to the moving. She was not certain of the name of the street, but she felt sure that she could find it, and went by the underground. railway to Westminster Bridge. From this point she started to walk to her home, and got as far as the Elephant and Castle. Ac cording to her owu statement, she searched for Duke-street (there is no such street iu the neighbourhood), thinking that to be the name of the street to which her household had removed ; but, after waudering through the neighbourhood for several hours, she could not discover her new home, all her inquiries and searches proving futile. During the whole of this time she was carrying her baby about with her. The little child was warmly clad and wrapped iu a shawl. As the shops begau to close, Sirs. Cox determi ued to give up the search and find a lodging. At 11 o'clock that night she found herself near a private hotel iu Newingtou Butts, known as the Queen's Head. Here she engaged a room ; but she had no sooner sat dowu than she found that her child was lifeless. She seemed completely dazed at the dis covery, and it was some time before she could offer any explanation. Ultimately a policeman was called in, and Mrs. Cox and her child were taken to the Keu niugton-laue police station, where Dr. Farr, the divisional surgeou, pronounced the child dead. The mother, however, seemed to have lost her memory, and it was some time before she could make the statement which is given above. Tbe body of the child was conveyed to the Newington Mortuary ; and after Mrs. Cox had made another but futile search for her home in company with a police sergeant, she was taken iu an exhausted coiiditiou to the St. Saviour's Union Workhouse. The cause of the child's death is supposed to be exposure to the cold. Flo iline!— !ro:i THBTtiEni and Buii-T;i — A few . ro^s of t'o liq iirt ' Floiilim '' aprinkV'l on a wvt tnoih brriBh pro h:ons a p]erna-'t li'.ber, w!:it li lliorourr'ily n-eHmca the t- ( tb from all ijujas'leg or impolitic*, liKr l^ns the gual', l) ovau'B turtar. stops de.jny, give, o ilir; a pJ:,.».:)mr poarly-w'-iieneps, anrl a leli^ht'ul fr'.ui-anct! to the hre * th. It removes ill unp'eafant. oto'irari.i -g from ''ca-rd t-'clh or lobneo -mob\ rt Tiie Krsijrv.t Fl )ri lii o,' being o ni OBo i in part of Hum y aid Fvvei t hurbf), i-? iieheioiiB io thcta^tc, and i ho g,-oiti6t toilet (iiscor I v of tno age. Price 2-. G'l,. uf All (J -e-uihi.s ti-'il Por'nm-Tg. AVIiolesa e ilepot 33, H'*rri ^ 'oil llo ij, Lar/Iou. VALI'AULK I'-H^OVUlY FOB TUK llAIll —I ynur inir is turni g grev or wliitc, cr f«!l'ng off, use ' Tr-c M-'- ic i') Hair Hone we i-,'1 fori r wiU ro8itivcly restore in every czse Grey or White ha ir lo ire original colour, without loay irg t: o disa 're:nb'p smoll 'f tnnsi ' Re-tor-1™ ' It. m -k'& t-e bnir charmingly boautifu1, hb wi-1 us iiiomotiug the gi'-.ivlb or rbs b.ir - n l.al I spoLs, where tbe gKuris : L r ?' not. rincaye-% Ask y'Ur- Ohnmiflt for ? Tug Mrxican Haiu i b hbw-b,1' sold by UhpmUis utrl P-ifuraore ever»W''ere ? t 'K G 1)' r Rottir, wh'lg uV: depot 33, Farrinc;o ? Ei'ii i, Lon'loa. Woman's Sphi:ri: — .There arc few .ueu no* -o benigbtd as tobclievetbat woman's mission can be summed tip iu Rhakcspemv's worde : ' To suckle foolh and olironiclc small beer.' Tel a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or ni'.kc, a custard, aud in bolb these lilLle arls she is gtcaily assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who. for hercouveui. ence, Muve pruduc'!'! rlieii' celebrated 11 Itakieg Powder' aud Gold Medal ' OusUrd Powder.' Wi'h the former article the moal palatable bread, cikes, a'-d pastry can be produced -pee Ii] y, :mil wit.tr marvellously little trouble; -vbilst, with the huior, she is independent of the ? I'Miiestic lien, ami erin mate tbe most deliciou! east.irdfl, hbtne-m.mges, fcc., at Imlf th.- U'UUil time Small Capitalists wismug k Kslabliidi a Business should see if there is art ('leniog for a Mineral Waier Manufactory in tn'eir distriet, ill iriforrual ion and receipts for the purpose i making Lemonade, Soda Water, fcc., is given previous knowledge is not necossary. The .emand for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that thcoutlny for the machinery in all Rises leads fo n prod able aud safe buRiircss. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be ha^. at the office of this paper oil , aymen of Is. — Kahnett nnd Fosteb. Kngi neers 230, Forslou street, London, N. XOWLE s Penn i r.iya! a ,d Slcol Pd a fo in ih s quickly coirecs alt irrcgulariticc, and oli *?© tbo distressing symptoms hi prevale .t wi b thp Sf-x. Box' » 2s. 9J. off all i-bemists. l'r-p .rod only by B. T, Towle, Chemisl, fi'u' linghim, England. Acn's for li/isbnn-: Bcrkelv and Taylor, Wholesale llrupgistp, Ejpiot Br-'i, ic Co., Wholesale D i uggists, \- A''CS~tJ7— To'-fl11 wlm are soil -Tin]? T'om tlie errors Hnd indiscretions of y nib, nervous ve»k ne*s, early jh;cav liramffaia'ihuo'l. «o., I will * n ' a reci nc ifi&t.-wji;' aoii.'fm' of cWirr. l'iJ a » «tt-aaie§y whs ill VioveTe 1 b v a miwion ? i'y in o-jth A'u-t c i 8 n i u seir-addrcssed enve opi- flnd siiaenee lo prepay pistag' 1 1 ihe R v, J -fl.*ph T. Inma ), S'atim !-, N« w York ''ily U.S.A. ~ C3 HOSTS. — An attempt is, being .male in th old cotititfry ao revive!-the 'belief in ? visitant from anothcr^world, ond many are the wond-T ful stories that fill aomnfof the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adort Scrooge's remark to Marley'e ghost : ' flow do 1 know that you are not a bit of undigested bread-?' for, of all the ghost producers, a'bitof ' heavy' bre^d is the most potent. It is a won. der, therefore, that people do not adopt the snrest spell again6t ghosts by nsing Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, 'although it won't 'raise ghosts,'. it will raise bread in the most admitable fashion. Eyury wise storekeeper has it by bim, and very good housewiee buj'fl it . Advice to Mothers I— Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child snSering with the pain of cutting teeLh 7 Go at once to a chemist and get a brittle of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Strop. It will relive, the poor sufferer im mediat.ly. It is perfectly harmleBB and pleas ant to taste, it produces natnral, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little chernb awakeB 'as bright as a button.' It sothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is tbe best known remedy for dysentery aud diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. AVirislow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at lo ljd. per bottle. May hood Dirkstion wait on A.'pi-tite. says Shakespeare, but 'good digestion' will never w;dt upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest importuncethat in making brend one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through lo-'g use in households throughout the woild Foremost amongst these must be reckourd ' Borwick'sGold Medal Baking Powder,' which had stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, use it, and add your testimon;, |'.u tint of the millions who praise it. 