" THE MADDING CROWD. Br ManY Am II. The approaching municipal elections are beginning to be talked about, and probable candidates may been'seen buzzing and hobnobing in various directions. . I noticed, Mr. Editor a little paragraph in your last issue in wlich the possibility of a walk-over is suggested. Surely "the three B's" can never, have supposed; that after such close running on the last occasion, Mr... W. S-G. is going to let them have things all their own way. Ilam greatly out in my estimate if lie does. Oh! no, Mr Editor, there are more than these three who consider themselves admirably adapted .for public life, and who are not going to allow the chance to pass; at the same time there can be little doubt, that our municipality wants re- modelling. The city is getting too big, and the interests too varied for one man to be popular in, or to be posted up in the wants of all parts. This is very gene rally admitted, and it is felt that a change must soon take place in some way or other, which will lighten. the burden of candidates and secure better representation forcitizens' The easiest solution ot the difficulty is the intro duction of the-ward system,-by which each district will have members whose duty it will be to give theirfirst'nttef' tion to the ward they are elected for, and who, having less ground to, cover; will be able to make themselves fami. liar with the defects in their districts which require remedying. But who is to work the change; who will take the initiative? I think some coun cillor ought to table a motion affirm ing the desirability of the change. A poll of the ratepayers on the subject could then be taken at the next elec tion, and if the principle meets with favor, the machinery for :introducing the new stat of things is simple and well understood. There might be a question as to the number of wards, the representatives to each ward, rota tion in retiring, &c;, but these are not insuperable, and the South Melbourne Council has set a good example, which might 1a copied with advantage. A provision has always to be made against the representatives of two wards com bining and swamping a third, and the best safe-guard is to have a fairly large number to each ward. Three is an awkward number, because the struggle for supremacy always hangs on the attitude of one man. With three wards and five members to each, or five wards and three members to each, the prospect of collusion is very much further removed. Supposing one set of five members is unanimous, the assistance of three others has to be obtained before the third ward can be over-ridden, and in practice it is found to be rather difficult to get 'a large body to agree to do an injustice. Thus the interests of all are better conserved, and mutual concessions have to be made, neither of the parties in the triangular scrimago securing much of nn nadvaltaoge overr tiboetssrn: 'An"-in crease in the number of representatives and' the reductioi in size of the dis tricts to be canvassed, would cause many good men to come forward who would feel that they had little chance of a victory under the present system. In fact the unwieldy nature of our municipal contests is a distinct loss to the citizens in this respect. There are plenty of men popularin South Fitzroy who are scarcely known in the North, and on the other hand there are many who would score an easy victory north of Reilly-street, who would not have a ghost of a show on the south side. Besides all this it is only reasonable that if Fitzroy required nine men to re present the. thousand or so of voters here when it was granted separate municipal existence, surely it has a need for more now that the roll tots up nearly six thousand. Oh'ye aspiring candidates, think what 6,000 personal visits mean! 6.000 drinks ! 6,000 re petitions of your 'prograimme! Well may the timid shrink from the task. Well may even the boldest wish for a lightening of the burden. Consider the ward system, my masters, arid adopt it. It will be easier for your selves and better for everybody. Collingwood has a soul, it aspires ! - No longer is it content to be considered.the natural haunt and home of the riff-raff of the community. No longer mnst Dr. Singleton, the Rev. Dowie, the Salvation Army, Mr Cherbury, and other " faddtis~' make it the scene of their philanthropic experiments. Nao ! The free and enlightened citizens have riseu to a sense of their rights, and object to have a lot of howling criminals gathered in to a nest of vice from which pollution issues in a continuous steam to taint the neigh bourhood. No longer: must the night be rendered'hideous byblasphnouos ribaldry and blataet'v.iciodness. " '!Refuges" for fallen-. ww amn;ie.; 4 cr chcs'"for , budding poverty," "bariracks for lohdrvoiced piety,, s" night shelters" for the homeless t; all these must disappear or transfer themselves to localities where their presence is more wel come and their objects better appreciated. Ah ! "distance lends enchantment to the viewv," and itis very much so in this case. Anyway, Dr. Singleton can console himself with the fact that "a prophet is not without honour save in his own country." Many of the battered and ahattered fragments of humanity assisted by the doctor and saved by dim fronm the icy blass of wintry nights must have felt some spark of grati tndo anid thankfulness that scnme one was interested in' theni" and held out a helping hand.. This life is a riddle, and those awho most need help is it iar j-st ithose who ought not to need it. Those who have seen better days, who have had golden oppor tunities, who haie experienced the wither in effects of r (Irityfor tiuly is pros. purity more bightng ithan pevertyl),.it is snch that reach the losvest depths, sech that continually appeal to our charity, .The pro dignls areo on eery side of us. Hoew many Dr. Singletons ere there to establish homes for them? Ye ultra-respectable fitizens of Collingwoed, who object to have your carn polluted and your property depreciated, have yoa tried your hands at reformlng yourfellow creatures? Have you gone in amongst the detirnded and attempted to improve their langoage and give them some hope of lifting Ihemselves into a higher life Why then, if you have not, should you wish anyo?sne else rather than yourselves to he continually reminded that the prodigels wo have always with us? It would be more comfortablc perhaps to slhut our eyes to the misery eround us, but what is the ns?? Sueh sights and sounds arc poblems inu practica Christianity, which, if religion wvere a little nmore honestly and thoroughly held, might eoon be solved - 