Doveifet PUTASUNDERi OB L&.DY OABTLEMilNE'8 DIVOEOB. T ? ' ? ♦— ? By BERTHA M. CLAY, : ABTHOB OP ' HIS ONE MISTAKE,' ' TUBOWN OH ihe woniD.'VABTHUabLBFonABnia,' ' 'ABITIEB ATONBMEKT,' ETC. . . '; CHAPTER XXIV. TEE LIT1UI SEED. ' May I come in V' httid Isabel Hyde. : 'Tee,' Lidy Castlemaine hastened to answer. ' I was longing for yon. Yon can . £0, Janet,' said the young oonntess to her maid. I There could bo no prettier pielnre than the interior of -that dressidgroom, with its kundreil treasures' oi ait, its luxurious disairay. i ' Lidy Castlemaine, in a dressing-gown of nilc-blue silk, embroidered in white flowers, ' her long, golden hair lying like a veU over hey shoulder?, was one oi tne loveliest pictures, The rnddy glow ot the firelight fell full ?npoo her, «nd deepened the delieious tints of her face, her eyes, her hair, find her drees.' She pointed to a .chair. . 'SifctowO, Isabel,' she saH. 'I wai ? longing to RM.yon. I have come to this con clusion, that the- greatest luxury od earth if) to ttVve one's hair well brashsa after along ._ night's dancing.' ? ? . i '.. 'Brushing yonrhairis.no light task, it ig so abundant,' eaia Isabel, passing her hanp \csresslncly over tha shining waves. Carres-, singly; but the thought was that some dag that saintly, queenly head would be humbled ; to the dust. ' ?, j 'I shall not mina it it I foil with her,' aba saia to herself, ' provided ' only that she. fells.' j And there was ever before her, both by day and by night, a picture o! a. queenly White Hose fallen into the dust ana the mire— rnVn- ered, faded, and dead. - None of these thoughts were written in h* ; faee; that was smiling and bright enough, ate ihessid: . j 'It w»b not about the luxury oi hair drosaing.you wanted to see me, Gertrude?' j ' Indeed it wa« not,' laughed Lady Castle mains. 'I wanted to tell you howmaohjT* \- enjoyed my conversation with a great hero.' Do yon know, Isabel, he seems qn^te different ? from other men.' , ? - j ' HtH'c different,' raid Hiss Hyde, with* peculiar smile. 'Do you really like him?'! . ' I do ; very much indeed ; he interests me greatly. Is he married! Isabel VI . \ 'No,' replied MiBS Hyde. ' Suoh men as Colonel Lennox neve* marry.' ! 'But surely he loves some i one. Ioannot imagine a hrave knight without a fair lady.'! 'There is none in. this oue,'Veaid Mibs Hyde, 'or I should have heard o! it/ U ' Colonel Lennox were to devote himeelC tb any woman, that woman wonld be for the time qncen of all fashionable Iiondon.' J 'Why do you not enter the lists, Isabel J' aeted Indy Castlemaine.' Sheheid Uie shin ing waves ot hair in her hand, ipd.was -watohing'the golden hne. 'You wonld win, I am sure.' ? . , .'?:.. | 'I might,' said Isabel, carelessly ; ~'Mrat altboogh I have a great admiration fpr Colonel Lennox, he is not the kind of man' I should fall in love with qr marry.' ? 'Perhaps not/1 fiaid Lady Oastlemaine, thonghttally ; V but he is a great hero,' IsabsL Do yon see how, ihe fire flashes from his eyea? -I should like for onoe tp see him in a rage j he would be something magnificent.' ?? j . , -'Somotbing tsnibte?' interrnptea Isubii. 'I shonld. not. like it. Bat, .Gertrude, ydu really wonld like to jwe himsemetimes ond , talktolimT'. .?,,-,.,... ,. »1 . .'.Yes,' 'answered Lady Oastlemaine; ' I redly 'shonld.' *:;''?., : '' ! 'Then will yon take s Jittla'jtfviee from ' .me, Gertrude? You mil never regret i». Yin 'would like 'to Jbe ' on .friendly terms with Colonel IiBnnox— to ask him to, your bolls wi parties?' . ' - ?-' ? ' v' I . ' I Bhouia,' replied Lldy Oistlemaine.' ! '' Ana yon will be 'able to So so. 'He 'may even beaame the tome cat at the house, if yoa will follow my adviee, Gertrude.' ! 'Let me bear it first,' said Lady Castle- : ? maina. , -. .? ; ? ; ? .....,-.., : r ; ? ; ??? u'Saf nothing aioitt him juit atfint to Lord. \- Ctutlemtine.' '-.—?' - ?..?.?..'???,?!' . ??' But why not V'.asied' Lady Oaatlemaine. .. ' Why not, Isabel?' '.,. . ...?:??-,. j . 'I will tell. you,' she replied. She drew . theshiumgwsvosofgoiaenhairthrpqghhcr own banda, and there was a ,«trange, pile: smile around her lips as shs anayfirod; ''I . Tvill tell yon ; for, with all your quioknooB and ? Jout cleverness, you da not understand the -. world as well aa I do. I will tell you, Gett rnde. Although. Colonel Lennox la thehsfO v , of the day, the great man ot the hour— althoogh he is one -of .the finest ; oi Her ; ' - ?Majesty's omoerp, there are just « few people With whom be iafcpt popular.1! ;... : ,..:-.? ?.-?- . ? 'fitej, pxi jealous itf turn,1' said L»By ';, Outlemaine. ?' ?''»J ? .. ' I-1 X^''U mi tffl tnat?1 was tie diplom»ti«j '.-.leply. 'Oolonellioniibx holds strong polit r icil opinions ol his own./ He urged a certain ^iJinecof^nduot fluting 4he Zulu war whsah ?? ?f*n-asHam'«i«mUt.*? .;«:... i ?.?»??. . !-;i 1 , y .-ff^anat;^ not juit,',,oried , L»dy OM«o-« *.?^an»Sne.7|-,v,i'.;ii-.; 'rjy.x-j.,,: -...( ., / 0.4. I. -,* i^^^ililisol'ipstrtatjfcirftSngB^reinlbtt* -; -WM;^»1hBr ^pSW«l»j-hOTgBtrotywsrtfin- '' Not one «rord of 4he -msl *toriesii»g»infll hie diameter: whiohwbnld bare mode JJadf CaBtlemoine ^ielike him \ wot«ne,«misptmf -that raqr*riuVpituaewbiohwould have made him-littttBteral-t6her; She'did not even ^rint at the reaeonB-wby thbBe-.'who:.dUa,pprov8d»f his vices passed on the other side oi the road BnabaaontnohBnd tb*im. ::, ,?-. ? ? ?? ? If Jjidy CasHemaineibad aven heard one of those terrible stories about him, she wonld have 'declined1 to meet' him, and would bare known' 4hat her hero-vonhip was1 wasted. But the impression no 2cleVeriy.-o6nveyed -to her was that Colonel Lennox woseobentria or peonliar in his line otTolilica, and so drew : onhimselt the dislike of 'those who did not think -as be did. The whole world must , admire' Mm as a brave soldier, a man ot magnificent courage; but ell men did not of nceoeeity admire his-politici. ... ' Bat, Isabel,' she said,-*laltbough Budolph takes the greatest interest in politios, he would never be so unfairas to 'dislike enoh.a man as Colonel Lennox on aooonnt of his opinions, let them be what they may.1! =.' , 11 1 do not sty that he dislikes him, that is. going too far ; I merely say that I have noticed in Lord Gaetlemaihe a shadow ot disliko to him.afeintBhadow.'. .' '?:.???' . . ?'?? -' I have never even beard him mention his name,' cried Lady Oastlemaine. .:? ?, : : ' Nor have I;' said Isabel. ' It walby his. ' perfect silence when the colonel's ?name was mentioned, end the exproitive ehmg ot his ehoulder^ that I knew Lord Oastlemaine did not like him.''' ..- . :. 'Yon are quisk, and have a keen instinct, I know,' said Lady C&6tlemaifie.; '.but even if it so, why shoald I care f . I do not like all oi Eudolph'a friends, nor do I expect him to like all mine.' : : . . . ' At last— at last 1' Iaabsl oould hardly withhold the ractnrous erv that rose to her lips. ?? ?????????..? -Hero was the small. Eced sown in good ground— if she could but cherish it, -cultivate it— watoh it until it grew into a strong plant. But she must be carelul— her fingers mnet not graip it too tightly, or it would perish —she must not guard it with breadth pi flame or it would die.' . : 1 ' No,' she replied, slowly,-' that iB quite an exploded idea— indeed, tbeXUfttlemsiue idea of matrimony is altogether out of date. , Bus band and wife in theee days ahaose. their re 'speotive friends and {ootoh in bjsorher own way.' ' ' 'I would never choose a f riant- whom Rudolph did not like though,' said .Lady Castlemaine. ? .;, - ?.. , ?: ., Ah I little seed .you are baldly strong enough to plant at present! , , '01 course not,' said Isabel, '. and this is why I am intruding my -advioe-npon joa. If yon were to go to Lord CastlemaiDe.now, and say to him, 'I have met OolonelLVnnox, and I like him, I shonld like him to be invited to the house,' he would, with gUl/ithe CaBtlo maine obotinaoy, reply that, he did not Uke him, decline to invite him, and there would at once be civil war. You see that, Ger teude!',-- . -.. ?--? ?-,- ?, ?-.., _ , .-?; ' . ' Yes,' ene replied, thoughtfuUy, 'I see it, Isabel.'.1 . ~ , ,i-, . --?-,? -?? r ? :?'? .: ? ' Whereas, it you are oarctul and quiet for a short time, yon need not have one word on thesubjset.'- -. ...????. . 'But what is vonr adrioe^' asked Ladv Castlemaine. ' You bare not given it to me -yet.'.1 .. .. ;.-'? .-.? .. ?; ?? ? f:: ?: . ' Eseolute ae she was, her lips paled sod the hands that held the shining . golden ? hair trembled, as she answered. . ,-?.-?? ? \- ' 'I should t cultivate a friendship .-with Colonel Lennox without your ^husband know ing it ; not for long, just lor a few days, or weeks. Then, when jou fcnpw him pretty well, ana have established your friendship, your husband will, take it as a matter of course, and there will be nothing said.' . 'That, seems to me a weak argument,' said Lady Oastlemaine.. J'Blill. as Jpu are generally right.in Jrhat you think, I willj)e guidod by yon.- ; Bat then, Isabel, Budolph is . always out with us,' .;; ,' ? ; ??Not always. Ton often drive alone in - the park ; at afternoon tea Lord Oastlemaine . is seldom present ; he has iiis olub engage ments ; you go at' times to balls without him, and sometimes to the opera.' ' : ?-??,? 'I did not know that I was so often : parted 'from him,' said the young -wito, half sadly, ' '? \\\ ? ' ? Isabel Hyde hod the sense'tp know that Bhe had saia enough. ': She ^wae wise enough to know that another word would make Lady' Oastlemaine espouse her husband's canse, and refuse the friendship ot axujm whom he did not like. She turned the conversation to quite another subject, but she knew .'from the ex pression of thought on the beautiful face that the seed, she had dropped had fallen on good ground. . ' : ' ' . No truer or more faithful wife lived than ?jady Castlemaine; she ;had. no thought, no interest, no oare away from her hnaband ; she loved, him with true and tender love. . But there was just a spice, ot romance .here that captivated her fancy— to form .a friend ship with tins magnificent man who was a great hero. There was a gleam of romance in it, and she had not the faintest idea of evil or harm. Bhe waB to make {riends .with him first, and tell ber busbana afterwards, when she knew him well. Isabel talked to her of the doming masque radeto be held at Baneleigh House, to be given by the Duohess of Baneleigh, and which was to-be the leading fete of the season. ' Have you decided abont oostnme. yet ? ' she asked. ' No ; I have not begun to think of it yet. Should we go as Bebeooft and Eowena, Isa bel?' . 11 With only one Ivanhoe between ub,' Bhe replied, lcughingly. 'Ob, no, Gertrude, we must think of something better than that.' She dia not fall BBleep till morning dawn ; lor in her fancy, all night long, she was watching tho growth of. the little seed she hod sown., .- ? . ? ' ?;'' . ftHAREGB XXV. ' ,\ ? ' IHE QBOW^H Or THE BEED. During the next few Jays, no matter where Lady Oastlemajne. wnt or whom -she met, . the conversation always turned on Colonel ?Lennox.his bravery, and ti« adventures. : . Thenir.e^a;'ewonderhsasotdiedoat; he was (till a great hero.- :: -?— :. '.. * .No new scandal bad been told ot him, and there were eome people wbo believed that/ rumor had been exaggerates. One thing was '.quite certain— any lady whom beadtuired he 'come the fashion: fie was an authority on the snbjeot of feminine feauty, as oh. polities and War. ',i ;: ? - ? ?' ? - .:'. ,- . -.s, 'Atfirstpedpledidoot-notice bis' devotion to 'Lady Oastlemaine. ' At first they met .but rarely,; Lord' Gastlemoinc .was bu wife's, ehadow', ho waaTatlll tooniurain love .with.' her to*a hsppy lot one moment -when he w^a away from bervtodieliked all thoee.engagB-. men ts that kept turn bom ler side, but there, woroiunaswhca'it -was qnite^ unavoidable.; It Bid xiot Etrike Lidy dw'Uemaiile, 'either,, how strange tt'was * that . whenever : she wobt , cutwithoutlier hutbond the colonel ^Tvas by, her side at'onee.-' ? 'i; ? : ??- : ? ? ? ?; :? ;i: ' | ;- . IliordrOutlemaine corild not go ta the, J)nohessolEiffieleiRh'£t»U.Mtwas only Bt the last minute he foond ha musfrgo to Ports- , numth to my'gbodby'to an old friend who . ?wasffliliogiawayiff1 . .--:.???.'.??? -? *? ?.; n ? L»ayCaBUemninear.dI«abalwenttagetheri, they iafl agreed to dress-^oaa to reptsseht, 4bcU«U«baraoters-4heiWbiteBose«na the. fiedEDfie. '?Lul.V-0astiamBine looked cepeoi..: ally tharming.7 «be sore a white Bilk, rusbly , :«nftwtaerod Widi tine %iaarU fsnd: trimmed ?Wth aprsyavt whhe toscsi she worse, white. *o-cbndi*otindtfaanBokt-t her dress, And; a lovely white rose, the ideal of herself* tie*Ue$. i,;: '.-: '''tej^-^'iWii^M.^V'''' ?'.'? initbeaoilsofgoUen hair. . A, general mat' inur^ otadminttionifailowed hflr entranoe into the orowae.a -ball-room. ; ? ?? : . ,? ? _ . -*She oostnme oI4he Baa Bose was quite as BreatieiSnoceBS. '.line .dark, passionate beauty of Isabel ixTyde hod never showed *o such advantage. as iin (be exquisite -dress ot pale tpee silk, endits«l»boMte trimmlnge ot deep ted. roses. '. 'She wore a email wreath of damask roees inter hair. . ?.;? Society smiled at Seeing , its two favourites tntheb^Ust, year's characters. Two more beautiful women never entered a ball-room. :8iraDg9to say.althongh on the Saturday 'momib«,, -whan they met, Colonel LBnnox told Lady Co«tlehiaine ha shoald not be at the ball, there he was, advancing to meet ber, 'with « smile on 4hat bold, handsome face ql bis,' before which, if she bad been a wiser womaD, she would have fled, or died. '' ' Che was snraounded, as 'nBual, by a little orowd of oourtiers ; he towered above them all. ' ??-??? .: ' -He took the jeweled tablets from ber hand in his most graeetulend courtly fashion. 'I mean to be selfiih to-night,' be said; end Irifly Os«tlenu.ineaaw that he bad plaoed bis name against every wauz. Bhe ehook her blonde head gravely at him, 'and wbat he thought the familiarity of the graceful gesture intoxiooted him, Thtrewas n spioe of . romanee sboat it all' that amueea'ber; it was the old story of Hercules and the distaff, of Cleopatra and Mark AntonJ, over again. To tho feminine mind, there will always be something delight ful in' the conquest of strength and bravery. Lidy Castlemaine baa not the faintest suspicion of evil. Bhe bad regretted with mott bitter regret that her husband had sot been able to accompany her; tut there was something of romnnoe in Ihe fact that every time tbe music of a waltz sounded this pplendid cjlcnel immediately eoaght ber. She bad no idea ol doing anything that was in the least degree imprudent or unseemly; but he ohatmed her so that she forgot everything else,.aKd longed for his conversation again. Torre was never a wooer so eloquent as he. He told ber ttnriee, anecdotes, adventures, some full cf rollicliog fun, 6omG of infinite pathos— all pure a; thcuch he had been con verting with an angel. But thoy interested and aiiimed her ; and when lie lift, she looked forwud with eagerness to their next inter view. He danced with her «o often tin's evening, and nude himfrif nr- conFp;caous by bisde miiiin'tolic-r, that Isabel thought it prudent to uiUuiiiiblcr a mining. It would not tin fur Rtranje or untrained . bands to force this seed, whioh she bad sows with such care. ' Gertrude,' ebo whispered, ' I woold not danse again with Colonel Lennox.' '! Why.!' she asked, impatiently. 'The reason is obvious,' said Miss Hyde. '.That was your- third watte, aba people are beginning to look at you.' ' To look at me I' oriod Lady Oastlemaine. ' What for ? Why should they look at me V' Isabel Hyde shrugged ber shoulders. 'You know how people talk,' she saia. ' Suppose that to-morrow some one jests be fore Lord' Oastlemaine about the number ot times you have waltzed with that handsome colonel. You would not like it?' . ' No,' she replied, slowly. ' I might not Uke it, but I do not see that it oould matter much.'., . As it was in this cue, so in every other ; no matter where she appeared, there, sooner or later, came Colonel Lennox. 'I oouia almost believe,' she saia, laugh ingly, to him one morning, ' that you must receive a telegram Irom the birds to say when and where I am going.' Bhe did cot nolioe tbe sudden flash on his face, nor the still more BUfipioioufl faot that Isabel Hyde had turned qniekly aside, as though she dia not care to hear the words. Twioe when she was out in the park, onoe at a garden party, ana once at tbe Zoological' GardenB, she had met him when she waB with Isabel ; and he had made so much of these oeoaeitna that she began to look upon himes an old friend. . She had never meant any concealment, any disguise, any deceit ; least oi tA\ bad she thought in any way of keeping secrets from her husband ; she had merely carelessly fol lowed Isabel's words— not to speak to her husband jusf at first abont it. She was too young and ,too guileless of heart to think much of it, or to see any evil in it. She was now on quite friendly terms with him. She had met him twice at Lady Ores son's at fivo o'olock tea, and they talked on until Lady Castlemaine bad been oompelled to drive borne quickly, and had a very narrow escape of bsing late tor dinner. \- She was lees on her guard now, and after dinner, during a long conversation which took place on the different stations of men, their different employments and professions, Lady Castlemaine said, suddenly : ' I like soldiers best. It I were a man, I would neither be a lawyer, a doetor, a poli tiolan, nor anything else, but a soldier.' It was curious how strange a silence fol lowed this remark. Lord Oastlemaine looted at his wife. \- ' You have few opportunities of studying the different professions, Gertrude. What makcB yon say that?' Bhe was conscious* in one moment of ber own indiscretion, aud hastened to cover it. ' Soldiers are heroes,' she said. Lord Oastlemaine' laughed. Yes, they were quite gqod friends now. They met with smiles, parted with regret .thought with pleasure of tbe next interview. On her side there was nothing but tha feeling of great interest, of quiet amusement, of hero worship. On his, tbero was tbe eonsoioua ness that he loved for tbe first time in his life, and with all tbe desperation of a man's first passion. / : Verity, the little seed was growing, ana Would soon be a strong plant I Then be beoame impatient to see more of her.and that could not be done unless he , knew ber husband, ana oould call at tbe house. . . ' The Lady of Netth,' he called her in his own mind, ana he wiBhod that the days oi chivalry were baok again, that he might pro claim himself ber knight, fight for ber, die .{or ber. All bis past wicked life ' seemed to rise up in veugeanoe ajainBt him, now that he was earnestly and deep in love. What a,' wretohed post, what Bbamefal memories, what horrible remembrances 1' . ' But ehe will never know,' he said to him self. ' No pne will tell her. la her beautiful .eyes I shall always be a great hero, and I de 'girenotoore.' . - ' , But be must see her pttener; he conld no longer bBSi that a whole twenty-four hours should pass .without one glimpse of her, . ,** I bhouia 2jke to know lipra Oostlemauie/1 he e»id to her, one day. ' ,. -^?Nothing woaldie easier,' »hetepUed. \- .'Will .you introduce me, Lady Oastle .jmalner,?ie»s-eo.:,,. r , ; -i* Yen j I wiU, with pleasure,' she replied, i .VWtfivs o'clock tea i»jjutta an ioetitution at. [Heath Hqtise— Vrill yon oall to-morrow and etataa'eupjwiBitui?'. : .- ? ?: ??MhaUJM most charmed and happy,' he . replied.-- V It is tbe desire of my heart to visit 'yourJiouie. ^r.:^^ vwf«?'. ? -^ .. ? . ?? s Again*-a«lighV*owh onher faoe warned rblm7 ? ??t! v- »*frii--(;7- ??- i ?- ? . - , '?'?'lhaW'bW.iaa,' te continued, 'th»t: Nea&HoUB;«'&.on|%t£bs finest mansions in towfi, and I«amlre:bean'liful housos.' 'fAebMgeiasWtat^Boldier,'' ehe replied, ' Ba^^^ulf noftyievo .'him, and jpkjr jAngueK.f&nAlBft;^sjknd^^ipri' more frtejlul^ ?? 0 ? ? y . ? ? , \- ' . ' ' ' ''^ ? -'-'- -ti .*. ? ? ? ' ;-' . ana more familiar than they -tad ever been ' .?fihewasplease'aatineiaeatbathe chould . visit her, pleased that he should wish to know her hntband: but Jhere was no time to spcati 'of 'it'/ ? *'?'.?'? .. .That evening Bbe went to two different balls, and in -the morning ahe was -too tired to re member it. She bad been anxious to tell lea ball, but in the vatied engagements of the day she Iorgot;aU about it. ' ... As events turned out, it did not mnoh mat ter, but it impossible that if she had told hot husband that morning who was to be her guest in the evening, a tragedy might have been averted. CHiPIES XXVI. . - A itve o'clock tea. ? The drawing-room at Neath House was a magnificent room. It ran along the wbolo length oi tho building; it had six large win dows that opened into a balcony, which was always 'filled with fairest flowers, all the flowers that Lady Oastlemaine liked best — small dusters of wbi'e lilacs, ths lo'vsly nar cissus, tbe white daphne, the white rose; white was'to be seen everywhere. It was a rqf m bright as sunshine, flowers, light, and magnificence conld mikit it. The five o'olook tea fit Nestli House was an institution, but Lady Ca&tlenuino; was very particalar as to who attended. The invitees were, all her own particular and intimate friends, and she was mnoh beloved in general society. ..Bhe enjoyed sooial life. To see herself surrounded by fair young girls, by witty and piquant matrons, was a pleasure to her. She enjoyed these little reunions. She liked to bear the last anecdotes, tbe last now novel discussed, the last new fashion commented upon; tho newest engagement, tbe last fash ionable marriage— all were conned over witb many a merry laugh and jeet. Tbe ladies wore snch pretty dresses, the colors were eo beautiful, the sound of the silvery voiocs and laughter was so sweet. Lady Castlemaifie's leas were famous; those who had been once longed to go again, On this evening, when Colonel Lwuox was to pay his first visit to the house, Lady Caetlemaine looked more lovely than usual. She was thinking a little of him when ehe chose that most ezquisile'of tea gotta*, whioh was a combination of sale blue velvet and white satin. It was impossible to tell (there one began and the other ended. Oa her golden hair liy tb.e loveliest little piotate oi a oap ; her white hands sbone with jewel.'. The little table before her was a poem in itself; the old-fashioned silver rervire, the Sevres obina, delicate and beautiful as flowers; the fragrant lea, with thick, rich oream fresh from the country; and Lidy Castlemaine, while she dispensed tea with her own. fair band3, Ui the conversation. She was the wittiest, tbe quickest at repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel Hyde woro a tea gown elaborately constructed of fawn-colored veket and rose pink silk, the sol: tints oi whiob. made her feoi look the brighter. There was only one drawback to the perfect happiness of the beautiful mistress of that splendid home as' ehe sat there, and it was that her huslisod was absent. All her favo rite friends were prosent. Miss Hyde, who was still visiting Neitb House; the youog and most vivioionfl Ojuntess.ot Erkadalc, who oould talk twioc as much and twioe as long an any other lady ; thero was the beauti ful and bright young matron, the Dachew ot Westwater, who had tbo candli blue eyes oi a oVrid, with a mini fall of wit and mieohio! ; there was the sweet-faced, jcatimental Lidy Buchanan, who thought nothing more sub stantial than flowers worth dismissing ; Lid; Eastlake, tbe leader of tbe nuthetio school, who almost died of aeusfl -werand went into eostaoies over a lily ; there was ths lively and ooquettish young MHabioncas of Heathers, who made war all round, her eyes, like arrows, pierced the hearts ot the men who gated upon ber, and she had nothing what ever to ofier them by way oi consolation ; there was Miss Otantly, the famous heirecs, who never opened her. month bat to utter an epigram ; there was the famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of the last new poem, wbicb had driven the poetry-loving portion of the public mad. Neither wit, wisdom, nor beauty was want ing, and Ltdy Castlomaine, as she gracefully dispensed the Ssvroa cup-,.seemed ta hold all the threads of the conversation in her own hands; it was she who poieted the chirp arrows of wit; it was ehe who called forth the thoughts and ideaB ot others ; it was she wb« seemed to bring her visitors more to gether, mind to mind. Ieabal looked at her with eyes of envy. 'I should have been just euoh another hostess,' she said tojherjelf, ' it these rooms had been mine, as they ought to have been.' There was a alight etir when Colonel Len. nox was announced. Most of the ladies knew him well. Tbe Duchess oi Weelwater admired him, ana ber blue eyes were never more beautiful than when they were raised with the oandor of childhood to his. Lady Bastlake siehed at tbe mention of his name ; there was nothing of tbe [esthetic about him, The Marchioness of Heathers delighted in him ; ehe liked his stories, his adventures, and not being one of the most tornpulous of womankind, did not diBlike him any the more for his character of a gallant man. Colonel Lennox looked neither to the right nor to the left; he went to the beautiful hos tess, found a seat by ber side, and asked for a eup of tea from her hands. She gave it to him. He enjr.yed the whole situation ; the magni ficent room, with its wealth of fragrant flowers ; the beautiful and witty women, the clever men; be enjojed the conversation, the wit, the repartee. Under cover of a general laugh, raised by tbe Marchioness of Heathen, Isabel said to Lady Oastlemaine : 'You dia not tell me that Colonel Lennox was ooming.' ' No,' was the frank reply ; ' I forgot.' Forgot I The word made Isabel shudder. If she hod. indeed forgotten, ovidently her mind was not filled by him. ' He wants to know Ilndolpb,' she con tinued, carelessly, ' and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction.' 'There could be none belter,' replied Isabel. Oh tbe table near ber lay a spray of white lOao, that eome careless lady had let fall from a bouquet; she raised it ana held it to her lips; the words Bhe. whispered into it were the same as those she bod uttered in the obnroh on the wedding-day, and' when ehe raised her face again there was a smile on it not good to see. . / 'This must be a lady's paradise,' said Colonel Lennox. ' I wonder what tha world did before the luxury of tea was diccovcred ?' ??Pretty much the same as it does now,' saia Lady Heathers. ' There mu^t alwayB have been something to drink, something oheorful ana enlivening, even for savages.' - ' Have you seen Ihe famous new picture at the Academy, Colonel Lennaj?' 'I have bad eo many engagements,' he replied, ' that I have not had lima tb cee one-half that I want to ate.' Said Lady WestUke: 'The prettiest eight I have seen is the large grove of chestnut trees in Biohmond Park.'f ' ' ?- l quite agree with you, Lady WetUake,' saia tbe poet. - Colonel Lennox turned to his beautiful hostess. . ' 'My bachelor quarters are so umitea,' he said, 'I am most unfortunately prevented bom returning the hospitality pressed upon us: bat I have had daring, and J bekeve original, tliongbtB of giving a dinner at Rich mond, if I oooid persuade some kind and gracious lady to balp me;' '? 'You would bavo no difficulty in that,' sbe sail] ; but he observed that slio was care ful not to offer her aid.. ? i . ? 'If I am fortunate enough to ™cj«d iu ray t floits,'ho eaid, '? you*»iU tiromi-'u to he the queen of my little festivity f ' At almost any other time aba woulJ have answered, 'Ym,' without a lljcupbt, bat there oanre to her mind s sudden recollection, that until Colonel Lennox bad been intro duced to ber husband she oould not ac&ift; any cuch invitation. ' . 'I must have time to think ot it,' she re plied. '1 shall live on the hope of it,' be said. 'I am sorry Lord Caetlemaino is not at home.' »'He was sent far quite unexpectedly, two hours ago ; he seldom misses the tea hour.' 'I Bhould imagine not, for it is a very bsppy one,' said Colonel Lennox. ' He wanted, if he possibly oould, to get her away from these brilliant people. It was the first time he had been at her . house, and he wanted to make a sentimental occasion ot it, and the bad uo notion of the kind. How earnestly he wished these pretty women would put down their teacups ana go. Snrely there had been tea enough I For a few minutes he almost faat«d Lady Heatbors, whose viva cious unecdoteB kept every one in continued laughter. If tney would but go I It was bis first visit' to tbe bouee, and be wanted to say a few words to her. Howwositjiossible? The great poet sat silently watching him, f( cling eorry in bis heart to see Colonel Lennox on such friendly terms with beautiful Lady Oastle maine. He knew him, knew the truth ot all the stories that were told about him, knew what his reputation really was. 'It I had a. young and lovely wife like that,' he said to himself, ' Colonel Lennox would find no place in my drawing-room.' Bat then-he was a poet, and poets -take strange views of things. Then, to the colonel's great relief, Lady Heathers rose, one or two others followed her example, and a small laughing group made for the door. Thepdet remained ; he had Been the impatience on that bold, handsome face, ana be understood. ' This is one of bis old tricks,' he said to himself; ' be wants to talk to Lady Osstle maine, and he wishes we will all go away. I, for one, shall not oblige him.' . The colonel staid ana the poet staid, until Isabel Hyde, with her usnalqaickneBB, guessed 'i tue situation and came to the rescue. She went up to him : ' Have you seen Lady Castlemaine's por trait? ' she asked. ' Milkis only finished it lust week.' No, he had not seen it, but, should, of course, be delighted ; and Miss Hyde led him to the library, where the pictnre hung. Tbo colcnel blessed her in his heart ; then he turned quickly to his beautiful hostess. ' I am so glad to have a ohanoe of Baying one word to you,' ho caid, hurriedly. ' I thought they would never go.' ? ' 1 did not want them to go,' she said, coliily. ' I dia,' he cried. ' I wanted to tell you what an infinite pleasure this, my first visit to you, gives me.' Sbe laughca aproud, careless laugh thatont him like a knife. ' I do not see,' she said, 'why you wish my friends gone, in order that you might make a simple speech like that.' i '-Give mo something to remember it by? ' k«bkcd. I 'Give me the roso you have worn all tha afternoon.' |,She looked at it, then at hint, i ' I think not,' she replied ; ' tbe giving ot 0 flower means much or little ; in the first case I should not give it, in tbe second it would not be worth having.' Later on in the evening, Isabel Hyde stood by hit dressing room fire ; she slowly pulled out the leaves of a white rose and watched them shrivel ana burn in the flame. CHAPTER XXVII. 'ladt demiaji'b hasqoebade.' In fashionable life ono gayety eaoceeds another so qniokly that there is hardly time fpr any entertainment, however splen did, to make much impression; but Lady Danham'e masquerade was quite another affair. It was to be held at Denham House, and was the fete of the season ; the memory of it was to live in the mind of man. Denham Honse was well suited for an enter tainment of this kind ; the suite of roomB that opened into the ball-room wasmagnifioent; tho ball-room itself opened into a large and lofty conservatory, that lea again into sn exquisite little fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hyde Park mansion ; at the end ol this fernery were two huge glass doors that opened on to the lawn ; they were all on a perfectly straight line, bo that it was pleasant to stand, in the ball-room and watoh the crescent moon rise in the sky. Most people . A Question or Proprietorship. .,VT . Wentwprth. 'Tom this is— a— ah— gen- iieman who oloims to be the original possessor of this skeleton.' ' Ah— dispute as to ownership, eh !' 'That tendency,' answered Wontwortb. ' He is, in fact, a— well, a ghost.' 'A what?' ' The gentleman has been dead for some time,' pnt in Smilie, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wentnorth. ' And while alive this was his skeleton.' ' Oh, come now, Smilie, what are you giv ing uo.' ' Fact,' said Smilie, ' just tossed this rater through him. Try it.' Fultner hesitated. ' It will perhaps convince youquiokcr than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in the least,' saia the apparition. Fulmcr tossed the ruler, with the same result as before. He was very short-sighted and he od listed his eyeglasses and peered across the table at the gbosi, who stood impassively as he hod done from the first, ' I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will you.' Wentworth lit the large lamp that stood on top of the bureau. The ghost appeared Bn ordinary-looking man; dressed as any man might bi. Fulmer, with corrugated brow, ganed at him while Smilie ana Wentworth felt a sort bt momentary pride of ownership, as it tbeir possession of the skeleton gave them a kind of proprietorship in the spectre. The amiable skeleton, whioh now shone white in the height light, seemed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. ' Sit down,' saia Fulmer, ' I bate to talk to a— person— standing.' The spectre sat down. 'Now, what use is this skoleton to yon?' began the young lawyer, his professional in stinct getting the bettor of his amazement. 'That, if you jrill pardon me, is no one's business but my own. I may say I want it placed where I will know where to find it— or 1 may say that I don't ohoose to have it re main here, the subject of scoffing ana con tumely. ?'Oh, you're wrong there,' eata Wontwortb. ' We both have the greatest respect for John W. He is a guide, philosopher, ana friend— bb well as instructor.' 'JuBt let me handle this ossc,' said Ful mer with a backward wave o! his hand.' 'Now. what shall I call you?' ' What you please,' 'Well, we will say the plainluT. Now, plaintiff, in the first place you Would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that this ib yon skeleton. Wed«ny hatitisyouj.'! . ' 'Of oourse wo do,' put in Smilie, We bought the body ana John wired it.' 'I don't mean that. The defence takes the ground that this particular skeleton is not the bonas of the plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgers, deceased. Now it would rest with you to prove that this waJ your skeleton, and as people are not in the habit of having a private mark on their skeletons, I flatter myself we would have you right at the beginning of tbe o»se.' ' You are a very young lawyer,' replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. ' It you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the, back filled with silver, ana, it neoea sary, I can tell your intelligent jury tbe sort of oap that is under (he silver to oover tbe nerve that onoe was there.' All the young men looked at J, W., who, as if enjoying the point made by its other self, suddenly clicked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmer with its tilent laugh. Wentwortb took np the lamp and looked at the lower jaw. ' Yes, Fnlmer,' be said, ' that's so.' ' Well, we'll waive that point— we'll waive that point,' eaid tbe young lawyer, with ill Bfieoted airiness. ' I think you might as well,' said the ghost drjly. ' But the real nub ot the case would be in this: Can a man once dead lay claim to any part of the property he owned while alive ? I don't recollect any parallel case to yours ex actly, but I have some knowledge of tbe statutes of Michigan,' this modestly, and I think all the tendencies of law wonld be against you. When a man is dead there is no question but that his next of kin have the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely done in flrst-claes society. Now the point I would make before a jury would be ? ' ' I bave no wish to discuss law with yon. I have demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether yon are willing or not.' ' Just write that down, boys,' said Fulmer. ' He hints at burglary.' ' See here,' eaid Wentworth, 'you are not the man we dissected, I believe you're a fraua.' ' Do you ?' roturned the ghost. 'I'll eon- vinoe you in order to save myself further trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer.' Ana with that tbe figure before them was an exaot counterpart of young Fnlmer. The next instant the ghost was himself agate. ' By jove,' said Smilie, 'what a splendid lightning ohange artist he would make,' 11 Say,' said Fulmer, 'what would you take for a night at the big hall? You oould per sonate the head of the University ana sing, ? I want to be an Angel ' with splendid efleot.' ' 'I am in no,, mood for obaft,' said the specter, severely. 'Finally, will you give Dp my skeleton ?' 'Let him have his old bones,' saia Smilie, 'I oerlaioly will not,' oried Wentwortb. ' Why, Smilie, I had to drill ISO holes in that skeleton. No, Birl 3. W. Stodgers remains here.' ' Rcmaim is good,' saia Fulmer. ' Well, Mr. W«nt*ortb, when you get tired of tho fight just give that skeleton a decent burial.' With that the ghost was gone. 'So long,' oricd Smilie. 'What are you going to do, Wentworth? It's you and the ghost, it seems.' ' Do ? Why, keep J. W., of oourse.' Next day there was an aetounding obarga against Wentworth. A passenger coming np from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from the station by a student eiaotly answering Wentworth's description, wbo demanded money at the point of a pistol, and tbe passenger would have undoubtedly been robbed if two others ooming along had not frightened the culprit, who escaped. Nothing but Smilie's solemn oath that Went wortb was asleep at the time— itwas Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was aoandalieed as it came from obnrcb by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The profeBsore hauled him over the coals, and it -was iu ftin that he protested he hai spent the day worthily, trying to oatch fish* up the river. He went home mad ana, as J. W. grinned at him as he came in, he seized the ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. Tbe ruler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its apeotral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend class. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names prepara tory to a 'quiz' when an unearthly yell at tracted all eyes to the top tier ot seats that descended one by one down to the bperatiog table. There stood Wentworth on the back ol the highest seat. ' One, two, three, look out for me,' he Bhonted, and with that he ran swiftly down the baoks of tbe seats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on the ' enbjeat' that lay covered up -on the revolving plonk, then sprang among the lady students who, scattered soreaming, and thence op to the top ot the opposite tier. 'Now (or ft. jump across the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of Ibis oircue.' 'Catch him,' shouted somebody. 'He's insane.' At that Wentworth made for tbe narrow stairway, Smilie ana another after him. He beat them easily Boroas the campus ana ent ered the dopr of bis boarding place. When tho two students burst into tho room they found Wentworth sitting doefully look ing at the damaged front of Stodgers, and he Bwore he had not been ont that morning. Next day he got notice of dismissal from the University. As he eat by bis window stubbornly rofui ing to be oocquered by a ghost, ana yet aware that perhaps some people would, not believe the whole story if he told it, he saw bis double on the opposite side ot the street. ' By George I' be cried, I'll have it out with him. If they see us both there they'll believe my story. He seised tbe ruler and started out. Tbe ghost looked behind him, and then it too bad a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postoffioe the ghost came suddenly up to a group of men, hit out right and left with the club, struck a policeman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. The crowd pursued.' As' it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was in the hands oi the outraged constable. From tbe lockup the dejected young mas wrote to Simlie : For my sake, buy a ccmetry lot ana bury John W. Stodgers, charging the oost to me. Yours.; WKNl'WOBTH. That ended tbe fight. Wentworth, I regret to say, is not the first Etudent who came to griet by letting spirits tot the better ot him. 