Th2 ^eUwrodby Hi &£**** 2nd Armidsle, at the opening of the Synod on _ 16 , ly.forcon p©ft;iible to ' ck^|bur, i»ren greater ,;«bnW* ^.difficulty 5&Si; therefore, -w>^y«ybusiness re quires to be eot»i4'W?ed I, ara glad to sparebofch laity &ad; Clergythe expense of time, toil, and money incurred in at tendanoe at $ynqd." On those bbcastous 4m which I feat bound to summon tbe SyripdT must say that I expect my brethren, the Clergy to make great efforts to. be rirepent; Iso lated as they ^Jmost-alwhsps Arefrom their brethren, working -each, as I trust on Church lines, with a i^bnable independ ence of method, ftot' haviiig 'much falasl opportamfyjfi^^ desir able that &«&: i^WM^bisiiii^^brethren orithese bctiSri one onoaer ibb7tb(6 work of the ministry in* their differehfcdhtricfcs. Indeed,5 the ordinary Marion of a bush parson from psbfeMornd i^bpbthies is asta& of great trial,,as evil in its way as wbuld be the being coUdned entirely to the society of otur bwn apt, nay sure, to cramp our «ympathies,narrow our I minds,! andw^ben our force. I am! therefore the more grieved and disap- | • come," | tE^pw^vnjr plea br any request to be j e*Med, assigning reasons, mysummous is answered by a negative. Let it be re membered that I did not make the diocese the difficult one to Work that it really is, owing in part to its physical features' add therefore that I might look for more seal, more encouragement to myself in the work before me than these refusals to to attend Synods indicate. If no little consideration is given for the labours of attendance so great store is set by me upon those who make sacrifices to attend. I am not disposed to admit that under all circumstances " my Services" are to be pleaded as excuse for absence from Synod, as certainly dp other' occasions our Churches most from time to time be closed, and weak as Spme of our members are, and some ®o -doubt are very weak, they are not as a body quite so weak as that they cannot see that a public gather ing to consider the general good of the Diocese and Church in the colony may properly take precedence of local conveni ence. Where would the Christian Church have been without Synods and Councils I Many surely in early days must have gone veiy Jong distances by very different roads and travelling from ours to attend Church Councils! ■ I know that there is no power of en forcing attendance, but I may say that it raises any of my clergy in my estimation of their zeal for their office and their Church if they do not ask to be excused from attendance at Synod for any light cause. . Connected with this subject is the ap parent ignorance in which in some dis tricts-the Laity are left of what is said and done at oar Synods. That cannot be said to come from, want of publication of our transactions, but I fear it comes a good deal from our not informing our peo ple on such subjects. On one occasion I found that the "Reports forwarded were not even circulated, and I fear when circulated all.is thought to be done that has to be done, and nothing is said about what concerns the Laity as well as ourselves. The trouble that this brings on the diocese and myself is great. Things that have several times been made the subject of special remark, requests made, are utterly disregarded, and it falls out that the Laity act in deliberate opposi. tion to the Synod and myself, and are then amazed that I cannot concede to them practices and principles which have been deliberately laid down by the Synod, and from which as a Bishop I neither de sire nor mean to swerve. I desire, there fore, that in all our Churches and places where Divine Service is celebrated the Clergy will, on receiving my Report of the Synod, having carefully studied it themselves, at an early opportunity read to the people such parts of the Report as may be desirable that their congregations shall be acquainted with. Ordinary peo ple will not take up of their own accord a Report of any Society whatever. Here and there you meet persons who so do, but they are rare ; most of the world are immersed in their worldly concerns, the Church comes in for a very small share of their thoughts. Scattered about the land at too great distances from each other to be called in that relation, save by an ' eu phemism,' neighbours, when they do meet what they have in common in temporal wants and events occupies their time and thoughts. All their days they have not been taught love of the Church as the Church, distinct from Rome, that they think they know, distinct from Geneva, that they know nothing, understand no thing about, nay, as I know, they are sometimes amazed and affronted if you speak of that, but it is the Church of their fathers, and they have'a vague idea that is (what really it is) a grand Church, a respectable body to belong to, and they ®sy they love their Church, but when their human affections or policy, or dis kke of a person comes in they are like vessels with shifting anchors, drifting on any rock or shore, or driven hither and thither by every blast of doctrine. No colonial diocese but knows the same thing, that there is no body of Christians who know so little of their own Church's principles as the members of the Church °f England. I speak of it, of course, only ps a body, but I speak what I do know, i have been led to speak thus by some cir cumstances which occurred in more than °Ue place in our diocese since we last met, aud in reference to what occurred in one Place, I compelled to direct you, my brethren the Clergy and the Church wardens of the diocese, to see that no stranger out of other dioceses be admitted, lf he be unlicensed to any cure, to officiate ot preach in any of our Churches or dis tricts until lie shall at least have produced his letters testimonial duly signed and countersigned, and that strangers be not allowed to exercise their office on more than two Sundays without information heffig sent to either the Archdeacon of the district or to myself, that so due enquiry ®ay be made into the antecedents and Present status of such Clergy. By too ttuek trusting caution may be learnt. •The rule laid down must be carefully observed, and Churchwardens are to call for production of the license if they see fit, before they allow say stranger, to offi ciate. ' They&r;« toy officers, not the peo ple's -no* the^J^rate's.^lthoagh appointed bythem. ■ *Itli to he' obiserwed ^tMtyibh W* applies wityto <31etgyiibt JiC0#eilto take this opportunity of ^hestih^ t^ tbenafiife&'tif ^hreliwai^ens elebked at Easter may tie foijwatdedtbiaet^ tothe Registrar Of the diocese aseaidyaa66n venient for registration. „ IS hhe itf which the Oleigy are very jspeiiaSlly &h; ceraed ataid relBt^*'tafhew'^ul^iagtfeed', upon by the Bishops of the Provjtice of New South Wales* as to the celebrationof marriages m oar ChurpheBand Parochial districts Hitherto the hours ,of the day: between been allowed by me jto be, celebrated have" i to - "'!DiSw houw ar« now enlarged tp from sunrise to | 8 jV.m. V T hkve consented to this change mnch tobte on the principle of nmty than on* any ^htictidh of the desirability of of such a change. ■ ■■ 1 1 would still advise you my brethren, the Clbrgy,to council all such aa: desire your offices in marriage to amngefor the celebration bf that. holy rite as .early in theday as they conveniently cata, for it is dear that die Church of Christ did in very earlydays, as our Church still^oes, deem, it right that the /married couple and the attending company should receive : the Hol^ CWrouffiouat the time of the marriage and the form of our servifce clearly pcriiita in the same direction, viz. , where it orders the ministers and- clerks to proceed, to the: Lord'sTable, and after wards speaks of the, man "and woman kneeling before the Lord's Table, etc. If people bore this purpose in mind they would see that the very sorry hnmour which, says that oiir marriage service be gins with dearly beloved and ends with amazement is founded bn miserable ignor ance of the real intention of the service. "Marriage," says St. Paul, ''is honour- able in all men, and the bed undefiled." And surely we may well bear the wise words of our own Hooker (Book 5, ch. 73, sec. 8) when he says if there be any thing in Christian religion strong and ef fectual to like purpose (he means to es teem the bond of matrimony a thing which could not be without impiety dis solved) it is this Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist; in regard to the force whereof Tertullian breaketh out into these words concerning matrimony therewith sealed, " I know not which way I should be able to show the happiness of that wedlock the knot whereof the Church doth fasten and the Sacrament of the Church con firm." And indeed one may safely say that, had this custom been always ob served, divorces and legal separations had been rarer things among us. But administration of the Holy Com munion late in the day, meaning, at the latest, aftdr sundown, is a novelty in the Christian Church (a writer of our Church between a.d. 1603-1623 characterises as Anabaptistical). And it is quite clear that the Church of England never contemplated the celebration of marriage at any late hour of the day. I do hope that we shall all do our very best to raise our people's sense of the real character of Holy Matri mony, and without refusing the liberty now granted to lead the parties, if we may, and by gentle suasion they will oft be lead, to what I cannot but deem the better way of the Church, viz., early at tendance at the place of celebration on the marriage day. | Next : v Hitherto - the rule /of our dio cese hsis been not tb require either banns or license before marriage, on the reason able supposition that all being honest the civil affidavits would serve all the pur poses of the Church in her defeuce of Holy Matrimony ; but all the Bishops of the province of New South Wales are agreed that the use of either banns or li cense is for the future to be the rule. Not to cause this to be any burden to our : people, I propose that the marriage li- j cense be issued to yourselves and to the persons to be married at a very trifling cost; but care must be taken that no con fusion be made between the oaths re quired by our license and the oaths re quired to be made under the Marriage Laws of this colony. Ours are over and above those—a further safeguard and pro- j tection of marriage by the Church of Christ. ' It was also agreed at tlxe said Synod that you should all, Clergy and Laity, be informed that marriages within the pro- i hibited degrees should not be solemnised by us, even though one such, as that of a , man with his deceased wife's sister, be, as ! it is, unhappily legalised in this colony. I do trust that all will loyally consider this decision consistent with the Canons of our Church, and the general teaching of her Bishops here and at home, as well as in our sister Church of Scotland, and, I believe, of Ireland. Nor can I let this pass without a special word or two to you, my brethren, the Clergy. Expect to be called over strict by some, even of our own body, who neither hare enquired into the matter nor will enquire. You must expect in upholding the Church's law in the face of a lax age that you will suffer. Be not led away yourselves, nor let your people be led away by plausible but utterly false reasonings, as that, by re fusing to solemnise such marriages you are acting on lines parallel with those laid down by some, such as forbidding mar riages of first cousins except under dis pensation, or of a Godparent with his or her Godchild ; or, that you are setting yourself above the Law or above the Holy Scriptures, which say such persons do not forbid such marriages as that with a deceased wife's sister. Remember, you are not bound, and you cannot be forced to solemnise such unions. What is of doubt is of sin, and in matters concerning ourownChurch'sdisciplinewearefree. Let us further remember that, if expediency or the rule that absence of literal prohibition i in Holy Scripture permits such marriages, what endless difficulties of application of the Law of God on the subject of relation ship by kindred and affinity must be introduced; difficulties which have hi- , therto been avoided by the only whole- I some, intelligible, and obvious method of interpreting that law, viz., by the letter and the spirit, not by the mere letter on one point and not in others. I repeat that the Law of God is made of none effect, if, while a woman is forbidden to marry her deceased husband's brother (i.e., two brothers), a man may marry his deceased wife's sister (i.e., two sisters.) What is good reason for one is good reason for the other. Neither let us yield to those who for their own purposes have put forth a statement that this pro hibition is modern in England. I repeat that a marriage with a deceased wife's sis ter always was void in England, oidy if questions of inheritance arose, the Civil Courts would not declare the issue of such a marriage to be illegitimate, where the Church's Courts had not interfered before death of one of the parties. Lord Lyndham's Act made these marriages civilly and ecclesiastically void. The six Bishops of the English Church in Aus txplia, New Zealand, andTasmania agreed attheir meeting in October Jtovember, i860, unanimously, thattoe Canon Lav of the Church of England was binding on us Clergy, and they ^rpre of opinion that " persona marrying within the prohibited !3Pje§&d;'t.,; ;.' Youdonofcaefcwy;3aw, by refusing to exercise your office in blessing such marriages. Our answer is simple fenbflj^Vaiidiiot ccmte&^-yfc^ : bar. which ,iM8gK!«M»iyefys, .i *5>t, sanction'those '.who,.use it. .are''nc^^b^'partalc either .men's' ' vpre^cpnip^to^ there would be one pnly*:^.e^.!,epen\to : .;nsV'vi2f.V'il»^^''Gdd, potmanl'V-,;. The Bishops of the province are ,Vso i unanimously of opinion thai no marriage ; is to' besolemnisecl whiere either those presenting themselves for marriage is a divorcedperson, whohas been pronounced by a Court guilty of infidelity'.jfco the .mar riage vow!"'' For my own part, 'I amof opinion, thai there should be no * re-mar riage ofeither parly during' the lifetime of the other, hut, as there is certainly some difference of opinion oh the subject, I was not willing that my opinion should dimde our decisional; alL ,. As regards the "marrying in Churches or at private houses, the Bishops determined that no marriage should be solemnised in any pri vate house within four miles of a place of worship of the Church of England, but that, if special cases arose, the Bishop of the diocese shptild be consulted, and if froth any cause, that could not be done, then the Clergy are to act on their best discretion, Reporting the same to the re spective Bishops directly. I may, while speaking thus of marriage, take this op portunity Of reminding you, my brethren, that change of residence should, and, in deed, bylaw is required, to be intimated to the Registrar-General. The subject of marriages forces me on this occasion to. speak on an allied sub ject, yiz., divorce. It is a little difficult to approach the subject of divorce with that calmness that it demands, for, to those who regard mar riage as a sacred institution, ordained by God in man's first state and innocchcy, it is no little trial to hear it proclaimed to be merely a civil contract, even if the statement be qualified by the saying, in the eye of the law. , But,, if marriage be a civil contract and nothing more, it is surely strange to gay that it differa from other civil contracts in that it cannot be dissolved at the will qf the parties, for what that is a civil contract and nothing more cannot be so dissolved, it is not of the essence of a contract, as the word is usually understood, that there is a power of solution by mutual consent ? It may seem presumptuous for one who is as to the law a layman to question a statement of the law by a lawyer, but-where lawyers or doctors differ, unexperts may form opinions from one or other, or of, at least, equal authorities. What Mr. Jus tice, afterwards Lord Justice, Brett, says is, as I quoted in my last address, as fol lows :—" By the Law of England, before the Statute (the Divorce Act), the status of being a married person was, during the life of both of the parties to the marriage, permanent and indelible. Marriage is not, as is often popularly stated, a con tract ; if it were it could, according to eveiy principle of the law of contracts, be rescinded by mutual consent. But it can not. There is a contract before mar riage, which is a contract to marry ; but marriage is the fulfilment of that con tract, which is then satisfied and ended, and there is no further contract." Bat there may be a sort of contract in what may conventionally be called a marriage ^perhaps more correctly, in a Christian point of view, legalised concubinage under certain restrictions) in another sense, viz., not as a contract between the parties mar rying, but between them, as one party, and the State as another party ; such, I think, could a so-called marriage before a registrar be, for therein religion is not in cluded, God's teaching about marriage is not considered, the whole is a matter of convenience and expediency ; the Crea ture's Law is predominant ; not the Creator's. Marriage is so considered^ contract, and being so reduced, one of the contracting parties may from time to time as it may seem convenient and be popular vary indefinitely as to the terms of the bond, and assuredly, despite of all that may be said now to the contrary, despite of what I for one sincerely believe to be the feeling of the mover of this change in our Divorce Laws, the colony will iii due time find that more changes will be re quired ; easier terms of divorce will be sought out and legalised. One is fairly justified in speakiug thus, because it really cannot be truthfully, denied that the opposition to the first change in the law made in favour of re laxation of the marriage bond was, as far I as it could be, disarmed by the declara ! tions of the promoters ; that it was to be a final arrangement. Yet, in a few years the Statute Law has been again, and in some countries, altered, and always in the line of laxity. We may, therefore, be sure that we are witnesses of only the first and second steps in the road which ends in dissolution of marriage by mutual, or that which is equivalent to mutual, com j sent. It is with sorrow that I ask your attention to the history of divorce, as far I as we English are concerned. The Courts of the English never before or after the Reformation, except by Papal dispensa tion, admitted the dissolubility of mar riage, After the Reformation in Eng [ land marriage was indissoluble ; no one could re-marry when divorced. But Acts of Parliament were resorted to, and men who had despised Papal authority sought another as little authorised for this work, and some, at first a few only, obtained j those divorces with power to marry again, j thus the principle was admitted, admitted j to in a Court where our own Bishops sat, j who tlieir own Courts denied the power of any such real dissolution of marriage. ! I Years ago I well remember in reading j the life of Bishop Porteous, that he com- j plained in his day of the growing fre quency of these divorces by Act of Par liament (I have lost the extract which I then made). Then it was not unjustly i observed, this is a privilege granted to 1 the wealthy, poorer men may suffer all that these men suffer but they cannot af ford the same remedy, and what is granted '■ to one must be allowed to others. The ' false step had been made, and what an in heritance is left to us. Yet even Bishops cannot always stem a torrent of lay in- j fiuence. The Bishops and Clergy of the ! early Christian Church had to be silent about a good deal that the whole body of which they were rulers certainly disap proved. Still though the thing be done, j we are not bound here in any way to it. As Church people, we are to contend against a principle which renders of none effect our Blessed Lord's limitation as to the dissolution of marriage for one and | one only cause, viz., adultery. And here I we are opposed, I do not know how seri- [ ottsly, with the argument that if our ; •ISMftad Lord fn has- * «tge aWd M 'Wh ] i^wbf judicial oathshhyhboiild you be i Atrictior the letter and yet! modify the Bcripfcute in^ r^rtsjt we tnay answertha^byavery elighfcul- ; teration of the phnctuatioji of St.Matt. 5.v. the word (no!Iow6} niay P referred to'the subjects which follow, and wemay further answer thafcKHir Blessed Lord Himself madethe Sp&ialexception; trader whipha thing btberwfce condemned may be permitted, and* onthe principle that 1 exceptio probat re&ulam;' the rule is $iere proved.1 But the Scripture is not tu be interpreted against, itself, and oaths for certain purposes are hot condemned by Holy Scripture, bntcbminended, whereas all divorces but for one cause are for bidden. Our Blessed 'Lord has defined thecause of divorce by the words (pareb toss logo w porhaiafl) - and genera!, almost universal consent,' has assigned to the word il pornaias" in this passage the sense of violation of the purity of the marriage bed, not ririti-nupt&l; fornica tion, nor fornication simple. The fact that Our Lord spoke of divorce for adul tery, which was • punishable by -stoning, shows as it appears to me that the refer ence was hot to Moses* Law but His own and His Father's. The reserve also "hoe ean apololumeneen gameesee moixatai" isbythose who interpret the whole as a reference to -the Mosaic Law only, ek plained to mean that a man who hah put away his wife and she has married an other may riot be joined again to his di vorced wife even if her second husband was dead. But I think that our Lord would rebuke the Jews, and also through them instruct us as to the only permis sible ground of'divorce, viz., adultery, and that on the woman's part only; and St. Paul enforces that teaching in his former Epistle to the Corinthians, chap. 7; v. 10. The next point is what was the course of the early Christian Church in reference to divorce ? Here we are forced to con sider what the position of the Christian body then was, and we shall find that it was in many respects very like to our own, so that one may say that, as History is said to, and fashion certainly does, repeat it self. As men do almost unconsciously re turu to do again what has been undone in times past, so as it were turning the pages of History backwards, we find the very things, or very similar things done about divorce in heathen Rome which are now proposed in civilised Ame rica and New South Wales. The Church's position in early days was one of derided opposition to many of the customs and laws of the heathen, and necessarily, in 'a notable manner, to those of Rome, then, we know, the mistress of the world. The Christian was not, as far as we know, a member of the Senate ; as a Christian he is not a member of our Senate. There was much disbelief in the established faith then in their Senate as now in ours. The Church was not of the State. She is now so here, and practically as powerless as the early Church-to make or hinder the making the laws, while marriage, having no reference to God's institution, was as much there as here, and sometimes more, a mat ter of mutual contract. Milmanin hisLatin Christianity observes that the Roman defi nitions of marriage would almost satisfy a Christian, but he qualifies our approbation by observing that the laxity of divorce was enough to undo all its sanctity. Now about that law of divorce we are much concerned. It is of importance to us to consider whatiha Roman -law of divorce was, how it grew in laxity, how the Chuich found it, how the Church treated it. We meet at the outset the state ment that, from whatever cause, it was a fact that divorce was for 500 years after the establishment of the nation unknown ; but that after that period, after once di vorce was introduced, of course with per mission to re-marriage, the marriage bond in the Roman Empire became more and more easily broken. Suetonius says, speaking of Augustus, " that he, perceiv ing the force of the law was eluded io the matter of persons of unmarriageable age being married, and the frequent changes of those who were married, therefor put a limit to the age for marriage and set a bound to divorces." Juvenal, who wrote some of his Satires just before or close upon the death of the beloved disciple, on either side, describes what had come about at Rome, " Collige sarcinulas, dicet libertus, et esL" " Pack up your traps, madam, and go out of the houBe, will the freed man say." We might add more in the following lines, but their suggestions, though doubtless true, are not very refined. Boehmer, in his book "Jus Protestan tium, to which is owing much of the in formation here given, or to be given, ob serves on good authority that, notwith standing the penalties for unjust divorce introduced by Augustus, the frequency of divorce increased more and more, that men put away their wives, whether they liked or hated them ; and he cites Seneca assaying that women, not having a blush about being divorced, reckoned their ages not by the years of the Consuls, but by the number of their husbandB ; and S. Jerome mentions a woman married to her twenty-third husband, she herself being his twenty-first wife (Lecky's European Morals, vol. 2, p. 325 ; cited in Studies of Modern Problems, p. 19, 1874.) Things remained thus to the time of Constantine, who, in a.d. 331 laid down certain rules not exactly on Christian lines, owing to the varied character of the people of the Roman Empire. By that Emperor's rules divorce was allowed to a woman, if her husband were a homicide, a poisoner, a violator of sepulchres ; to a man if a wife were an adulteress, a poisoner, or a procuress. The rule about a violator of burial places was probably a boon offered to the Christians as a sort of protection against the habit of heathens who were wont wantonly to violate Christian sepul chres. In scarcely a century further, be sides the above, new causes of divorce were allowed to the wife, such as mutual consent, being a traitor to the State, sacrilege, harbouring thieves, cattle steal ing, slave stealing, being openly given to the company of immodest women, putting his wife's life in danger, beating her ; to the husband if his wife entertained men at his house without his invitation, if she went to the theatre, or circus, or fights in the arena without his permission, if she struck him. Justinian not only added to the laxity, but he laid down the principle that in matters connected with human tilings, whatever is bound may also be dissolved, the principle of a civil contract and no thing more. But what was done at Rome was done and advanced upon by other nations connected with Rome; for ex ample, we are told that among the Franks " mutual dislike, or when, between the husband and the wife, not love as God would have it, but discord reigns, so that on that account they are very little able to live together ; by mutual consent they could separate and each marry again." Let us not be deceived, or put off our lard, fps thing, was , advocated, _ jii'' die v*fofc3ri S3 v&f; caring ft/wte^ qtibtefl with highest appte^ Jgb BCbd|B^4™%|m^nb^ of Marriages, p. 21) -*'This frequency and laxity of di vorce was, says Dean Milman, at once the sign, the cause, and the consequence of the rapid depravation of morals in the later Roman Republic; it was the cor roding plague of Roman Society." Mil man's Later Christianity B; 3.j p^ 343. None of those laws were impugned or condemned by the Fathers openly. But, why not?' Because they approved of them ? Not at all ; but because matters concerning marriage were then necessarily under the ' Forum Civile,' or Civil or State jurisdiction,' and in 'part, probably,' because it was evident that a sudden change to the strictness of Christian purity of marriage was not possible. But the Christian Church's rules did influence the world, its laws surely but slowly pene trated it, and we' are' doing our best to undo what Christ in His Church has done. It has also been observed that no (Ecu menical Council held either in the West or in the East had reference to these laws, that is they entered not into the consideration of them, whether they might be observed or not. What then? Were these.laws not considered by these Councils because the Church agreed to them ? No, but simply because if the Councils had so con sidered them and condemned them, inas much as they were laws f made by Em perors, by, whose authority the Councils were assembled,' leave would not have been granted to hold., such Synods at all, and ie Church would hate been left, like the Church of England under the Georges, without a Synod. We know how disas trous an affect the suppression of convo cation has had, and in, some degree still has, on our Church. But all the while those who in the times alluded to above put away their wives had to do penance S. Augustine, of Hippo, at the eighth Af rican Council, at which was passed a canon forbidding re-marriage to either the inno cent or guilty of divorced persons during their lives, endeavoured to get an Im perial decree promulgated to that effect, which proves that the Church, so far as that Council represented it, had arrived at a mature decision, but that still such mat ters were the concern of the Civil power. Yet this much we must see, that, although a man would by the Civil laws be absolved from punishment for injust divorce, ex cept so far as that was provided against, yet he would not, being a Christain, escape ecclesiastical censure and penalty. The case is very strikingly like our own nowa days, as the only course open to us where the State and Chnteh law determinedly differ. The Christian rule was, no divorce ex cept for adultery ; some branches of the Church allowed re-marriage, others did not; but ultimately. S. Augustine's rule prevailed and the second marriage of di vorced parties during the lifetime of either was forbidden, and then the marriage bond was pronounced to be indissoluble, except by Papal decree or dispensation. Such, as far as I can ascertain orr set forth with any brevity, was the law of "the Church up to the time of the Reforma tion. Foreign Protestants then altered the law so that for some things a divorce a mensa et a thorp was decreed : for other things a dissolution of the marriage bond, and some of our English Reformers were evidently inclined to the same course, for Uiti REWRMaiiO JuEOtiM deals with the" subject of divorce at some length. The innocent party in a case of con jugal infidelity might re-many. After i two or three years' absence, the greatest pains having been taken to discover j whether the absent husband were alive or not, the wife might re-marry ; but if the husband returned and could prove himself blameless, she was to take him back, and if he could not prove his innocence he was to be imprisoned for life. Cap. 10. Incompatibility of tem pers or mortal hatred, extending to plot ting death or poisoning, were to be causes of divorce. Ill treatment was another cause and on the whole, when one consi ders the consequences of these things one is rather amazed at the view of marriage indicated in this code, which is scarcely if at all above that of a mutual contract, shewing little or no sense of its mysteri ous sacramental character. I speak of course as a Christian of Christians' mar riages and am not able to look at marriage as a civil contract and nothing more, and so say that, exclusive of the extravagantly hard character of the punishment attached to breach of these laws, we have good cause to be thankful that our Church never was put into bondage to such laws. I should not ask you to hear more from me on the subject of Divorce had it not been so lately brought before us. Of ! course it will be urged that there is no I fear of these things for ourselves. We are not Romans, nor Germans, nor Swiss, nor French ; " but what reason," said Dr. Pusey years ago, "have Englishmen to suppose that they alone have the power to stop where they will? Have they a privilege of their own to break down the first barriers and then to stop inconsist ently, although they shall have put it out of their own power to plead either the Divine law, or the rule of the Church, or instinctive feeling, which they would have already violated, as a ground against fur ther changes" Ch ; Quarterly Review, April, 1881, p. 26. The very arguments used now for the present proposed changes will certainly be used as reasons for fur ther changes, and therefore it is not, as it is represented, a mere cry of persons who, like myself, feel deeply the stab which our legislators are afflicting, which we are powerless to ward off and hopeless of even closing the wound—it is not a senseless cry, but a true fact, conveying much bitterness of sorrow to some souls, not lessened by the esteem, rather deepened by the esteem, in other re spects felt by us for the promoter of this sorrow. When we speak as we do to the mem bers of our body, nay, to many we may hope out of our body, who feel with us, whose zeal we could wish were all on our side in everything religious—when we speak, I say, as we do about these things, do we speak merely by conjecture ? Are we conjuring up spectres, which will never rise? Axe these tilings like ghosts with which foolish nurses frighten innocent babes? botatall. Listen to what divorce has done and does in America. There there are now in different States different laws cf divorce, but accumulated, and you find that already there are 22 distinct causes upon which divorce may be had. Hear them : " serious and continued disputes." Who shall define the cause "serious"? " Habitual drunkenness." Fearful, ter rible sin, and yet how many a loyal' wife will deny her husband's sinfulness, yet how much, not, God forbid that I should say so, to excuse the sin, but to make a wife or friend pity, compassionate the sin ner, pray for him, lead him, guide him by religious life, show him the beauty of holiness, the ugliness of sin. " Frequent exhibitions of ill temper.7' Indeed, who ought io be able, if it be not disease, to curethat? -If it'be disease there is the physician outside the proper nurse at iome; -" TJnconquerabie hate." Is it pos sible that there can be unconquerable hate between mahandvrife ? I ask-the question afl^isedly,are our iegislatorsready openly in their statutes to deny the grace of God entirely, as the Americans in some States have1? Is the denial of God's grace con sistent with a probable morality of purity ? Is hot the list, 'of which these four are onlyspecimens,-not long enough? It is not perfect. "Heat- the conclusion of an American writer on the subject; "when all these legislations are laid before our eyes, whilst we wondet at the diversity of the causes of divorce, it is seen that they all have in view the same end, and that therefore it is time to reflect whether the most" sensible. method of bringing them into harmony would not be to borrow from one what has been omitted in the other" ("State" he means) "and tends to the same common end, which is" (mark his j words) " to remove from married life, the torments with which it is usually aur I rounded."* Is that low enough a view j of married life ? Will that satisfy men and women who believe in a God—Father | -MSon-^-Holy Ghost ? i Another .writer calls attention to the ; fact that in the United States these changes inthe ,laws of divorce have been passed by the pertinacity of the agents of persons seeking such divorces. Now one may hope that at present we are not come to that in this colony, yet in the face of me passin|rtlxe ni)necessary Act in this co lony concerning a marriage with a de ceased wife's sister, it 1b not impossible that what has been done in America may be done here in some future days. H, as we are told, America is more moral where these divorce laws are in operation than where they are not—a proof of which beyond assertion, and sta tistics, ■ we may fairly call for—how comes it that we are assured from good authority (presumedly) that there is one sin, con nected with marriage, which is reported to be " more rife there than it ever was in ancient Rome herself" ? Our own courts have had to deal with, this sin, more practised than punished, oftener done no doubt than known to be done, murder—for which God alone can call to account, but murder still. That exists where divorce is free and easy worsely than where divorce is restrained; does it indicate the high morality derived, coin ing from free marriage and free divorce 1 It may be said, what does all this con cern us as Churchmen? Much, every way, for the dashing of civil with ecclesi astical rules is a veiy grievous thing. We are not iu. these matters exactly in the same position that the early Christian Church was in in relation to the then Ci vil powers. The laws of civil rights, which were originally founded upon the homo geneousness of the State as one body in religion, are not altered yet. The State has declared itself of no religion, but the Courts keep on dealing as if there was one State religion, or at least that religion was recognised. We, my brethren, thedergy, are not freed from conditions which no longer exist. It is doubtful whether a Civil Court here would uphold our action if we refused the Holy Communion to a person who had been divorced, and had been married again contrary to the Church's law and G°d's law. Not a thought is given to defend the scrupulous and religious. A "ateiy opposed to our Church's teaching. It is made in Council and AaoomUly wdttie we are practically voiceless, and it is pre tended that men claiming privileges which are theirs only, as they are obedient to the rules of the body to which they belong, suffer a wrong, if they are refused those privileges, those outward means of grace peculiar to their body, if in opposition to that body they have on their own judg ment exercised a liberty which a State (the Legislature) with no distinct form of religion has permitted. But is it not questionable whether these things do not concern us otherwise ? Were we perfectly free, as possibly despite of my apprehensions of the free liberty of laymen, and the anxiety to bind the cleri cal power, we may be, still we are con cerned ; a law opposed to the feelings of a very large part of the community is not a judicious law. I know that we shall he told that our own members, but ignor ant, inconsistent members, members who have never been taught their own faith, will favour rather than not favour this movement. I acknowledge the weakness, the ill-formed condition of much the largest part of our body on such matters as these of separation and divorce, and it is because we cannot overtake these things that I protest against this Act. I protest and I humbly hope that this Synod will put on record its sense of the change now proposed in our marriage law. Let us re member that divorce with re-marriage closes the door to repentance and recon ciliation ,* it must embitter what is bitter already, it widens a breach, it makes that permanent which otherwise might be un enduring, as it has been in numberless | cases ere this, it robs the word husband and wife of all real meaning, it is not the j only remedy where a man or woman has forgotten vows so sacred as those of mar j riage. j We do not ask for no remedy for such j cases as are well known to all, and have j existed for ages and ages, if the present j remedy is really insufficient; but that the remedy be not divorce with power of re | marriage. At the present the law appli cable to such cases is divorce " a mensa et thoro" or legal separation, and it has not been shown, even if we regard the matter in the light of expediency, that there is | real need for a change, unless, as appears very important in some of our legislators' ! eyes, oue object is the main object of marriage. We may be brainless but we can see that extension of causes for divorce is not a way, cannot be a way, to make a nation deem the bond of marriage very sacred. In common with some of the brightest intellects of our own days and of the past we hold that there can be only one thing properly called marriage, that which God ordained and that if dissoluble, dissoluble on one and one only ground, " adulterv," positive adultery, or, at least, if " constructive," constructive only qua adultery. The absence of need of this proposed chauge was just now referred to, and in deed according to statistics it does not seem called for. The number of persons calling for relief in the space of 2G years has been 1200, or at least that is the num ber of legal separations granted. Now, I do not mean to make any inference except of numbers from statistics, because I am persuaded that other inferences are most seriously liable to fallacy, abstract num bers are applied to concrete and contin gent subjects, and it may be a fallacy to say that Scotland is not as moral as Ire land or England when the registration of illegitimate births is larger in Scotland than in England or Ireland, but 1200 cases broadly stated in a space of 26 years is a small average out of a population which in the two extremes has numbered (1860) 348,546, and (in 1886) at least 817,468 souls, and in ratio to marriages only a lit tle over 2 per cent. I do not dwell much on these figures as it is really difficult to deal with them where so many conditions are to be con sidered, Yet, before I speak of our dnty, I may surely ask what has the civil power done in this colony to hinder rash and pre cipitate marriages which are nine times out '6T ten the sources of disunion and misery in married life 1 Nothing at all— much the other way. It has treated mar riage as a civil contract, and made religion, to have no more to do with it than could hardly have been prevented. It has swept away all the cautions that ancient laws had put to be fences in some degree around it. It has made secrecy easy, and solemnity of no account, and no one who knows anything of the colony but can say that they have heard credibly, or known as suredly, of the wretched facility with which, marriage may be accomplished. The li censing of Ministers is a mere form ; the Registrar General Beems to have no power of refusal, for men are on the Register, who are in no sense Ministers of any con gregation, and are exercising no religious function whatever. And now for ourselves. No reasonable hope does there seem to be of this change in the marriage law being stopped. Since then it may be assumed that it will be made, it is our duty to teach our flocks that, al though a legislation inay choose to deny that marriage is other than a civil con tract, the Church of God doth not so teach, doth not at all so believe; that broken vows will have to be answered for in the great day ; that, though some Pro testant bodies have permitted and advo cated divorce on other grounds than that one laid down by our Lord, viz., adultery, the Church of England has never (lone so, and we do not consider that it should be so done. We must do all that in us lie3 to elevate the idea of marriage as a sancti fied state, not merely a state of legal civil concubinage. We must speak more freely to our people on the subject. Let us re member that the lower the view which men have of the spiritual union of Christ with his Church, the less they think of division there, the less will they think of division in the family. Of one thing we certainly ought fre quently to warn our people, viz., of the folly of men or women thinking that their love, not God's grace, can by itself reform an habitual drunkard, rake, or man of un controllable or violent temper. In their disappointment, which is likely to come speedily enough, while we have compas sion for them we cannot say that tiiey may be divorced, with permission to marry again, during the life of either. Let us remember that, beyond what we learn from Holy Scripture, which is very strong and very clear as to the mysterious ness of marriage, so that the Church in one of her authorised documents has not hesitated to call it a Sacrament, albeit not such a Sacrament as Holy Baptism and Holy Communion, we know nothing in the world like it. There arc no human analogies to guide us in speaking of it. All we can say is that God makes those that are two, in marriage to be one, not a mere corporal union, but a spiritual, not an act of grace, not a blessing, but a fact and deed of His own which man is not to undo. That fact the Priest, as God's } minister, declares ; the rest is with those over whom, but not to whom, the words are said ; they are bound by it ; they freely made the bond each with the other before God and His Church ; they pledged themselves and are bound by their own voluntary act. Here we see why marriage is not a contract, as a contract requires two parties, but a man and wife are not two but one. I take it that the very possibility of such Acts as thiB now before us is a serious warning to us, like our Education Act, of what division has done for us. Let us pay due heed ere it be too late. Did time permit, and had I no fear of wearying you, much more might be said, and I imagine more light, very desirable to be thrown, might be thrown on the darkness with which some are bold to propose that we should cover our sexual relations. As it was publickly reported that it was my intention to call out from the home country some of our Church's Sisters, I shall take this opportunity of saying some thing of Sisterhoods. Without hesitation I say that were the means of their support in my hands steps would at once be taken for procuring such help for our Church's work in our diocese. It is only the absence of means that hin ders me from doing what weald, I am from some knowledge of their work, sure be a great boon to our Church. There is great occasion for gentle, quiet. Christian consideration of this matter and especially in our possible, if not just now very probable, relations to such organisa tions. Now among many of those bless ings which my age and your age have seen in the Church of England, such as her in creased love for God's poor, her keener sense of her duty and mission to England and the world, the deeper reverence for all that is God's, which one may hope may be further increased here, the sacrifices of wealth to God's service, not without ex ample in this colony, the erection of nobler places of worship than any age near our own has witnessed, and that done out of no superstitious fears but out of sense of duty—those are some few of the blessed changes our age has seen. But they are not all ; there has sprung up among us a spirit of tender love and care of the sick, at home in our towns and village Hospitals, a readiness to give up luxury and comfort to attend at those places, or in the battle field, or in the army or Navy Hospitals, or in the ambulances, on the troubles of the wounded sick or dying ; ana, God bo praised, one special work of pure woman's heart, the recovery of those poor fallen creatures who are the victims of man's cruel lusts or the fruits of careless godless homes. Those are among the things which will mark for good our day in the History of the Church of England ; it does not seem to have had any parallel in its His tory. Now, that there is need, even here in our young but rapidly growing colony, in the towns, of such as will give themselves up to these works, scarcely can anyone deny, and that Sisterhoods, religious asso ciations of women living under rule in a common home, are in my opinion admir ably adapted to these purposes. Much less seems to be done, compared with what might be done where all is left to a paid Matron and Voluntary Committees (I am speaking especially of Penitentiary Houses.) The Matron obviously cannot always be with the Penitents ; the Com mittee is an external body more or less in its members in sympathy with the work, but only a visiting interest so to speak, but it is the constant presence be fore them of their own sex walking in their midst in the ways of strict holiness, under restraint and discipline and self denial, aid watchful ^ n ingjthens herwher course ^ deailof this Bphdalwo^^^^ pa aaJEngliab Sisterhood, that the. work is eraily veiy. ^ie<^iT^ly done, and that ie u Home'r M xa^ It is a €he Bystematic^ nnitnpulBive, steady. un dtamonsbatiye, rpligioaof the <^urcli of Hnglandisiher^ excited feefi^s, taking aboutreligion, assur aaces,andeelf satisfaction, dangerous elements to all, especially dangerousas opposed to tree humilityjLntbe penitent, cannot he encouraged. The teaching is ' *he Church's of quiet walking by r ~ with submission to diBCiplme of body «oul, and that is ever before them, not in 1 wora,but in power, in deed. Then again the places and the employments are cheer ful features, I venture to say not enough Attended to always, while the retirement horn their world of misery is perfect. However, to say notnore upon that branch jot woman's work it is woman's religious Compassion for woman, not the scorn and contempt too often shown to her fallen amc, that will call out, and generally doeB call oat, the overlaid instipcts of the heart , . ■. '■ .. cumstances shall any woman in our Church give hen^upforlife forsuch,erahy other service, like those I hare spoken of? Of course lam freliaware that manyperaons not unwilling to favour this work are al together against .vows, but unde* proper precautions Buch as relate to age, consti tution, tone of mind, &c.;, they .seem to me to be more than permissible, mid really • not very different from what is deemed praiseworthy in other matters. If men and women, not themselves requiring the restraint, make vows of total abstinence from those things which:'X venture (and there 1 fed, a boldness in these days of rabid teetotsdism in venturing) to say are hot forbidden by God and are not in jurious if used in moderation, if that be ac counted praiseworthy, if no one hesi tates at the dedication of a young man to God's special service in the Ministry or the mission field particularly, why may not vows be voluntarily made by women who know what they are about by dedi cating themselves to a special service such as is involved in Joining a Sisterhood ? I express merely my own opinion; the ihrog is done now, and no ill effects of vows have occurred in our Communion, nor will they if due care be taken. But whatever any of us may think on the last point, on this probably most will be agreed : 1. That the help of women, un der rule, is of great value in some branches of the Church's work. 2. That vows or. no vows those works cannot be carried on by desultory efforts, by employment of persons for short intervals of time. As for those who object that such things lead to taking people away from other duties to whieh by God and nature they are called, no one who has religion at heart would disregard such obligations, or coun sel others to do so. It is plain, however, that much of the weight of such objections must depend upon the facts of individual cases and a system is not to be con demned for the eccentricities of the few. But as for the objections of persons walk ing in the frivolities of modern life, who care nothing how much time their child ren spend at balls, plays, concerts, pic nics, and so forth, things which are made neither true recreation nor genuine plea sure, or" the objections of persons whose cine idea of a woman is a wife mid mother, somewhere, somehow, I do not set much store upon them. Others do really feel what they say, that " charity begins at home." There are home duties which are not, ought not, to he put outside to serve strangers. All that is very true and right and to be reli giously regarded by all, and is one of those reasons why the institutions which I speak of should be brought into rule and form by the Church ; whereas the not recognis ing them has led to mischief. I am persuaded that there are amongst ourselves persons who have no family ties which have a piior claim on their services, persons who are often partially endowed, and being moved to a specially religious life might very properly dedicate them selves to such services as those of a Sister hood. Why may not such persons he al lowed to do what they will with their own. To me it seems that the rejection of such services by some, and the cold re ception which was at one time given to these organisations by the heads of the Church, with one exception (Bp. Philpotts, of Exeter) has placed those Societies at home in an attitutde of independence of authority and unwillingness to be ruled by the Bishops of the Church that is not good for them or us. In fact their pre sent position is rather suggestive of that of the preaching Orders of the Middle Ages." Then again there is that spirit amongst us to be met which brands with the name of Popery even those things which most wisely the Church of Rome has retained Taut not improved. That spirit, which will not recognise good because there has been evil, plays into the hands of those very persons whom it is intended to check. The Church and the truth are left power less to use a valuable organisation ; and Borne uses it, and uses it against ourselves ! This thought has led me up to think of another use of sisterhoods. We cannot look around our diocese and not see that there is another service which such bodies could well and ably render us which is now done by others, of whose piety we need make no question, and of whose zeal in the interests of their own body we have ample proof. But we, at least those of us who are aware not merely of the dis tinctive differences as popularly appre hended between us and Rome, but who know the real nature of the whole system and teaching, cannot I think see what is going on in the matter of the middle and upper class education in our towns, and not, if they be sincere well wishers of our Church, be alarmed at the use made by onr people of Convent Schools. I am not one of those given to railing at Rome, but I know her power and her zeal, and, al though our parents are persuaded that no proselytising is attempted in these schools, and directly and consciously I gladly hope it is not done, but indirectly, and by ways natural to persons in very earnest about their own faith, our Church and her teachiug are disparaged. At any rate the position can be no better than this, viz., that our children in those schools cannot be taught their own faith. Would many Roman Catholicts send their children to a Church of England school conducted upon Church of England principles, even if there was a promise that no attempt should be made at proselytising ? I think not; they know better; they are more consistent. Does it show a healthy state that so many members of the Church are content to let their children go without any instruction in their own faith provided they can get them taught to fiddle well play the piano, to learn French and Ger man and!, we to ferget placedinveg and, I, ■ % Is • to beseenorheSid^ con clude that it isapmrfof superiority of the a^m^chprod^B^i% things. secular, compulsory, and free eduction th&tweees; bo much of, Bome has strength-: eaed her aruu i .numbers of our children, are atteudi^ IL C. Schools, more than over befora %e last Eda^don Act. - The , members of ,our body who agitated for that Act deserve our thanks and congrato lations. , But is .'It altogether vain to ask why «J» {|end pur kelp to Bonie when we might very easdy, and eareiy more consistently, help our own body, and usethe ready zeal of pur ownmem bere. We talk of " £ss est ab hoste doceri," but we do it literally, and in stead of raising forcesas they raise them and drilling our army on better lines, we leave the field. Why areure to reject the use of devoted, piouswomen, of our own body, and use thesame belongingto a body an^tagoniBf^ctppurown. We have m some or oqt colonies - D66H forced, oat of oar Public _Schoolfl. Ia oar own colony we are certainly more happy, bat still we want, help, and yet because that help come to us,and would come, but under what is now amongst some of as an objectionable name, we are to reject the help. Nor is.it a matter to be alfco gether overlooked that these organisations will come some day whatever hindrances are pat in the way 1st present, simply ] because the English Church has accepted ] them; but would it not be better that they should come having a recognised .po sition in our work, rather than be left to force their way by independent action, and possibly when the position is won, I and the Church wants to guide; her offers , are declined ? May one venture, who I hardly hopes himself to see it, to hope thatj our metropolis at least may see a body of English church women ready to give them selves up to training our young women of all ranks in a good sound, not superficial, knowledge. I have said nothing about Deaconesses as a distinct institution, because I look at the question not only as a clerical one, and partly because, where the two bodies are on the same lines, 1 do not care by what name they are called. I do not know that Dea conness would have any particular charms i for our people; the name might win a few as being Scriptural, but no one could say that our Deaconnesses are a counter part of the Deaconnesses of Holy Scrip ture, simply because the office indicated is very obscure and unless I am mistaken the name has long passed away. Should our Provincial Synod take up the subject it is to be hoped that it will do so in a truly Church Spirit, so that what is really best, and what in my humble opinion is sorely needed in our colony, may soon he seen amongst us. Another reason why I have said little about Deaconnesses is that I have no personal knowledge of their work, but of some Sisterhoods I have knowledge. Those of you who may wish to see the points of the two bodies discossed or rather displayed by two able representatives should obtain the Report of the Reading Church Congress and there see the papers read by the Tie v. T. T. Carlar and the Int* Dean of Chester. I only have to add to this that I have said nothing of the work of nursing sisters, in Hospitals and like work simply because I have not space to speak at length about it. Since we last met two subjects of con siderable interest to ourselves have been much discussed, aqd therefore 1 should like to speak of them. They are the ob servance of the Lord's day and Apostolical succession, or the Grace of Holy Orders as held by our Church. The observance of the Lord's day is one of those subjects which no one who has read upon it the volumes which have been written could hope to dismiss in a few words ; nor do I profess to do so. Yet it is a subject upon which I have read much, and thought much, and more than once pro posed to myself to speak to you about. The point which'I wish to speak of is the opening of Art Galleries, Mu ums and other public places of enter tainment on the Lord's day. Now there are those who adovcate that course on the ground that there is no revelation of God's will on the subject of a day of rest from labour for man ; that, therefore, al though connected with Christianity, the Lord's day, or Sunday, is only an appoint ment of men founded on a faded supersti tion, and demanding no respect except as to a Civil law. With that unbelieving theory we can have no sympathy. Others, a great many I am sure, recoil from the severity of a Puritanical Sabbath, and as generally happens, in recoiling from one extreme they go to another. Excessive strictness has bred a corresponding desire for laxity. With such persons i have some sympathy, although not altogether , going along with them. Others look at the workiug man's position in the week of labour, and are inclined to seek to pro vide relaxation of mind for him, and, as they hope, estrangement from low, sensual, enjoyments, on the Lord's day, by opening such public Institutions as those which I have named on Sumdays; while others are of the reverse opinion, and argue that such Institutions are not places affected by those who frequent places of drink, or drink at home on Sundays, but especially they oppose lest they should, beingopened, encourage men in other entertainments, and so our English Sunday become like a Sunday in Roman Catholick countries. As an example of rigid observance of the Lord's day one has heard of an elder in the Presbyterian body being pronounced un fit for his office because he walked out on a Sunday otherwise than to his place of wor ship. It is hard to draw lines in such a matter safely, but I will give my opinion. First, I think it certain that we Christians are bound to observe one day of rest out of every seven days in a year. That we are not bound to observe the same day of the week as that which the Jews observed. That the first day of the week being the day observed by universal tradition in the Church of Christ as the day of rest, and no notice being found of the origin of that custom, we must infer the change to have been made by the Holy Apostles themselves, and therefore that day is to be observed by us. That the duty of ob serving this day is not to be rested on Church authority as the observance of other days is. That we Christians have more liberty in the observance of the one day out of seven than the Jews had, but that He and He oulv Wlia made the law can abrogate it. That law is placed in our Communion office as part of the moral law, not only as a ceremonial obser vance, that is to to say that the Fourth Commandment is not, as some teach, a ceremonial Commandment only. Considering those points we have to de fer to that authority, which our Reformed . . ... . .. to, to guideus the■ wav in T liriuch Christians shoiuldbbaervo the Lord:8.day. You w01 find much of that m aajitaU 8. Y. 0. Iff. tiactby the late Bishop of Lincoln called " The Christian Sunday." Now, visiting Museums, &c.;, on the Lord's dky, what shall ire say to that ! It strikes me that such places can not be kept open without the employment of unnecessary labouron the day of zest, except by one course which I will mention bye and bye, and therefore,aa their open ing is not necessary, there is good reason for their being closedoh the Lord's day. I say that, not because I hare any fear that If we make our Church services heartyand attractive such places will empty God's House on the Lord's Day, but purelf on the ground of beeping Bome at labour who need ,not be eo kept on that day. Even for that there is a remedy, and one which may fairiy be proposed to the working man's Mends in this matter, viz., that they should be authorised to act as conservators of these buildings and their contents on SundayB, and give up their days of rest for the good of others. Once more, putting the febour question aside,. I cannot think that the contempla tion of God's wonderful works brought be fore. us in a collected shape oan be any thing but elevating to onr nature, and as I suppose no pne would binder a man feom contemplating God's work abroad on theLonTsday, so that he used the day for religibn, public worship, &c.;, besides, so when God's works are to be seen in fact or frame, as in a Museum, I caniiot con ceive that they could, on the lord's day especially, alienate any bom Him. It is auite probable that such a sight might eepen devotion and reverence in a man's heirt, and make him a better worshipper. A Museum might remind itB visitors that there is a rest from creation now, as there is bom labour on the Lord's day, and. that both ere veiy good ; and that there is one Who is to be worshipped, Whose House will be open to all now that a bet ter habitation may be prepared for them, a House not made with hands. The un necessary employment of labour on Sun days is my objection to the keeping such places open, and I by no means advocate any further extension, for whatever may be said of some other entertainments for their good they are clearly ordinary enter tainments such as the early Christians were forbidden to attend on the Lord's day, and the opening of which must de grade our sense of the day, in ourselves as well as in others. The other subject is one that concerns us all, viz., our Church's view of Apos tolical Succession, or the Grace of Holy Orders. Like the question of the Lord's day it has occupied volumes, in fact the controversy is worn threadbare. Ho one really adds, or can now add, to the facts or principles involved in it. Somewhere or other yon always find that what sounds new has been said before, nevertheless, we have the same misapprehensions, the same unproved assertions made against it that have been answered over and over again. v There has been the old appeal to the New Testament Scriptnres in contro verted passages, judged, not as our Church has always judged them, by Catholic antiquity, but by mere private judgment. There has been some and bolder denial of the genuineness of some of the earliest Christian records of nearly Apostolic age, because their writings are each strong evi dence of the universal practice of the early Church of Episcopacy, which last detraction cuts more than Episcopacy bom under our feet and helps more error than truth. There has been the same unfounded as sertion made that the Church of England does not hold it, aud that from persons holding office in our own Church who seem veiy ready to uncharch ourselves that they may church others. But what good the Church can gain from a depre ciation of her ministry, and putting it on precisely the same authority as that of a Savation Army preacher I am at a loss to conceive. There is not a Divine of any eminence in our Churcli History who has not afhrmed the doctrine that where they can possibly be had orders through an Episcopate, are the rule of the Chris tian Church. It would be tiring to cite the numbers, less authorities, of our Church who have so spoken on the sub ject. If we were merely preachers, which apparently is very much the view of some among us, even then the Apostolical suc cession is a security. If our authority de pended on ourselves, our own piety, and so forth, then and then only would Apos tolical succession be of no account; but it is more than that that we claim, viz., i as successors of the Holy Apostles to con vey to others the power to administer Sacraments, to absolve and bless in God's name, as His stewards and ministers that, notwithstanding our unworthinesses, which after all are not greater, if not less, than of others claiming any ministry at all, with the assurance that our deeds here duly done, and being duly received, will be ratified by Him who sent His Holy Apostles with authority as His Father sent Him, who themselves likewise sent others who sent us. The subject could not be entered upon at any length on such an occasion as thiB, so that all I would say now is this—that the Church of England, if her own au thoritative words mean anything, dis tinctly teaches the need of an Apostolic succession for a true ministry; the denial of the doctrine may help Rome, may help the Sects, but it will not help our Church. The question is not one of any individual's teaching—the Church cannot be so com promised—it is the accumulated testimony j of all orthodox Christianity for quite fif-' teen hundred years. I do really think,' I that the moderation of the Church ofj | England in this, as in many other sub , jects, has led some to think her view' 1 uncertain, and she doubtful of her posi j tion ; but it is not so. But let us who hold it, rather judge ourselves than others, | to hold an Apostolical succession, and to i be negligent, careless, perfunctory, in our i ministry, to have an efficient qualification ; for the cure of souls, and yet not to care , for them, to bless Sacraments and yet not to heed them carefully, to bless, to absolve j our people, under God, or to exercise our ministry with unclean hands will be in , the great day, an awful account. If we should dread, as indeed men ought, to as j sUme an office which Christ Himself as sumed, not without being called, as was , Aaron, it is surely very awful having as sumed it to treat it in any sense as a | common thing. I must relegate to a note , two passages on this subject, one selected from Archbishop Cranmer, the other ( from the late Bishop of Winchester. Before I enter upon the special business of this Session there is one subject per sonal to myself of which I am forced reluctantly to speak. When I arrived in , this colony and was installed in my See, ■ by the late Bishop of Newcastle, it was agreed at a public meeting of members of the Church that a suitable house, or at least the necessary rent for one, should be pro\ ided for me at the cost of the diocese. From 1869 to 18711 paid the rent of my own house at Grafton ; from 1871 to 1881; a hoose w&a; pipTided for me. Since January, 1885, Tiuiye resided in a house, partly purchased out . of my own monies ; and paj&yjbe;^ payment o| a monthly sum answering to a rent to a Building Society. I do not think that any Bishop of the Church of England in any colonyor dependency of the Crown is Dot provided with a house, independently of pis Episcopal income, and my position ought not to be singular. Speaking thus I., •do not wish to appOaras complaining, but I take the opportunity of saying that I do not hold the position of Bishop of Grafton and Armidale on account of its lucrative character. I say no more riiup to call attention to the fact As regards my connection with the house which I now occupy it is hardly needful I suppose to observe to men of business that it is quite immaterial to whom a rent is paid for a Bishop's residence, so long as a rent has to be paid, or that the house being my own absolves the diocese from any charges regarding it. This matter I must leave in the hand of the Synod. Let me now speak of the business of this Session:—L There will be the passing of the Standing orders, which, as they have been revised and rearranged in several Synods, need hardly detain ns any long time. 2. The election. of\the different offices of the Synod and various boards ap pointed by it. 3. The election of Lay and Clerical Representatives to the Provincial and General Synod. 4. The admission of certain/ districts to the full privileges of enfranchised parishes. 5. The considera tion of the adoption of a Constitution for a Provincial Synod under the terms of a determination made by the General Synod, 1881, and agreed upon by the Provincial Synod, or at a conference in 1884. 6. The consideration of the adoption of a deter mination of the General Synod, regarding the trial of Bishops. 7. A matter of some importance, in reference to the administra- I tion of the Clergy Widows and Orphans Fund. Of these, the first and the last but one require a ' few words from me, and in speaking of them it is to be understood that I only seek to make things plain as far as lies in my power as regards the proposed Constitution for a Provincial Synod. The circum stances are these .-—Hitherto the dioceses of New South Wales, represented by their Laymen, Clergy, and Bishops, have assembled triennially under the title of the Provincial Synod of New South Wales, acting under the Constitutions of 1SS6, by which Constitutions that Synod has bnt two functions as signed to it. 1. The consideration of any veto exer cised by a, Bishop in his diocesan Synod if it be ap pealed against 2. The making determinations on subjects of joint reference agreed upon by ail the Diocesan Synods to be referred to it Those give a Provincial Synod a very limited sphere of action, and almost entirely corrective, bnt even those functions have not ever been exercised. That body, we are to remember, exists still, and we have no legal power whatever to destroy it. But in 1881 a meeting was held of tne General. Synod of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, and at that meeting it was determined that the Dio ceses of New South Wales should, on the next vacancy of the See of Sydney, be deemed to be a province by the style of the Province of New South Wales. That determination the Synod of this diocese accepted in 1882. Now, by clause 3 of the above named Determination, it is set forth that when the See of Sydney shall next become vacant the dioceses within the colony of* New South Wales shall be treated as having been formed into a province under these roles, not formed into a province, but into a province "under these rules." Kightly or wrongly, within or outside of its powers, the General Synod created a province, ignoring the existence of any province already legally constituted, and that new body as it appears to me was, by Clause 9 of this same Determination, so soon as convenient to meet for agreement upon a Constitution o! the Provincial Synod of the so-formed province. That the present Metropolitan did, in October, 1884; he summoned the Bishops, Clergy, and Lay Representatives of the Provincial Synod under the Constitutions, and they considered a new Constitution for the new Provincial Synod. It is that new Constitution that will be brought before yon for your consideration and ac ceptance, "in to to or with proposed amendments. Granting the awkwardness of two nearly identical Wdioe with. Identical names running like two railway trains side by side to nearly one terminus, while one of the trains is running, according to some lawyers, off the rails at present. Accept ing that as the position, or declining to accept it, by checking this Constitution, Is what we have to deter mine, and in doing which we do we are to bear in nwnd that we have accepted the Determination out which all this comes. X must leave the matter for this Synod to determine. There is also another Determination of the General Synod, referring to the trial of Bishops. It seems time for this General Synod to obtain some real legal status, if It can be had. In matters such as this we have experience from South Africa of the im possibility of binding where the law will not enforce the bond ; but my objection to the Determination is j;'t 13 somewhat loosely drawn, terms are used needing definition, and as we may hope that no Bishop will do anything to incur the necessity of being tried by any tribunal, we may, perhaps, leave the matter as it stands for a while. Still it is my duty I apprehend, to pat it before you for your consideration. It might, ot course, be needed at any time ; it might not be needed once in a cen bnt as it affects civil rights and property how will its decisions be enforced ? There are some snbjects which I should have liked to have spoken about, such as Mission services, the Temperance movement in relation to the modern innovation of the use of unfermented wine at the Holy Eucharist) the utility of Guilds for voung men or grown-up persons of both sexes and the position schismatics! position, taken up by the Salvation Army in this colony. Those are subjects which must wait another occasion. The reports of the different Societies and branches of our Organisation will be read to vou. That of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund will show how admirably it is working, and worked, at the centre, but that the chief anxiety is the difficulty of inducing the Clergy themselves to make the collections which ought to be made. A change will be proposed in the working of this Fund, which will have to be con sidered, but all the reports will be presented for your consideration, acceptance, and adoption. F.Wti^m will have to be made in the forms prescribed fer those purposes for different Boards. There are two districts yet vacant, so far as that I have not yet been able to find clergymen for them, viz., the Tweed and Brunswick Pavers and Ernma I need not say that the absence of any Gene ral Fund to help these districts is a great impediment : to placing a clergyman in new districts. Once more, I thank yon for your patient hearing if I have been long it has come of the desire so far as was in me to do justice to the subjects discussed I j cannot, of course, suppose that all that has been said will meet with approbation everywhere, but as I hope chanty has kept me from expressions calculated to create just irritation, so we hope for the same con sideration for ourselves from others, and so we com mend our words to our Synod with the prayer that to- continual pity cleanse and defend His Church, and because it cannot continue in safety /rBbout His succour, He may preserve it ever more by His help and goodness, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. f On Tuesday 25th instant, after^he) Litany had been said in the St. Peter's j Cathedral, Armidale, followed by a cele- j bration of Holy Communion, the Synod! met in St. Peter's Guild Hall, at 11.30, a.m. Prayers were said by the President the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The Synod roll was called, and the fol lowing representatives answered to their names :— Clergy : The Yen. Archdeacon Ross, of Armidale ; Rev. A. E. Brown, M.A., ©f Bingera ; Ven. C. C. Greenway, of Graf ! ton ; Rev. H. D. Kelly, locum tenens at Glen Innes ; Rev. R. K. Ewing, of In verell; Rev. T. J. Hyder, of Lawrence ; Rev. S. Gilmer, of Narrabri ; Rev. H. Dunlop, of Port Macquarie ; Rev. C. El idrick, of Tamworth ; Rev. W. J. Hugill, of Uralla; Rev. E. G. Moberly, of Walcha ; Rev. A. W. King, of Warialda ; Rev. J. L. Bosworth, of South Grafton ; Rev. D. M. Sinclair. Lay Representatives : Messrs. E. C. Blomfield, A. H. Belfield, Henry Kemmis, George Wigan, Edward Baker, J. C. 31'In-1 tyre, S. C. Steuart, C. R. Blaxland, and] E. B. Boulton. _ J The "President delivered his address, which is given above, aud the Synod ad journed till 4.30 p.m. On resuming, a resolution was passed thanking the President for his address, and requesting that it might be printed with the report of the Synod proceed ings. The Yen. Archdeacon Ross was ap pointed to act as Secretary, Mr. A. W. Simpson as lay Secretary, and Mr. C. R. Blaxland as Chairman of Committees. The President was moved out of the Chair, and tfce .Srood having gone into Committee the'Irtapdung .orders were pot and accepted as ahiendedat Synod 1882. The Pi^ldeati^vi^^'thefcb&ir;, and the Archdeacon of Grafton with Messrs. Blomfield and Betfieldwere appointed to act as au Elections Committee. Leave was granted to Mr. C. R. Bias land to bring in a Canon to furthar amend the Clergy Widows Canon. . The Canon was then read a first time and made an order of the day for the even ing's sitting. Leave was granted to the Archdeacon of Grafton to bring in the Ordinance for the accepting and adopting the proposed Con stitution for the Provincial Synod, and the Ordinance was read a first time and the second reading made an Order of the day for the following day. Appointments were made to the various Boards and Committees, and the Diocesan Council, and Provincial and General Sy nods. The second reading of the Canon for tne' farther amendment of the Clergy Widows Canon was duly, passed. It was resolved that the diBcnssion of the Clergy Widows Further Amendment Canon stand an Order of the day for the following day. The Benediction was pronounced, and the Synod adjourned till the following day. Wednesday, May 26. The Synod met at 10 a.m., and, aftet prayers, the minutes were read and con firmed. ■> The President, in reply to Mr. E. Ba ker, said the obstacles to the consecration of St Peter's Church at Armidale were (1) the absence of a sufficiently worthy Pul pit, (2) the incomplete state of the floor of the nave and aisles. Both those obstacles were likely shortly to be removed, and he was in great hope that soon after the Ge neral Synod's meeting in October or No vember they might be able to consecrate the Building. In reply to Mr. C. R. Blaxland, the Pre sident Baid he did not at present contem plate calling upon the Archdeacons to ex ercise in their respective Archdeaconries the functions pertaining to their office with respect to visiting the various parishes in the diocese. The Rev. T. J. Hyder asked: Will your Lordship kindly say whether you ap prove or not of the action of the Archt diaconal Council of Grafton in assessing the several parishes within the Archdea conry for the purpose of providing funds to carry on the affairs of the Council. The President replied : I do not very well see how the work of such a Council can be carried on entirely without some such assessment of parishes. A petition concerning the formation of S. Grafton into a parish was read by the Yen. Archdeacon of Grafton, and was re ceived. A similar petition from Quirindi was read by the Rev. A. W. King, and re ceived. The Report of the Diocesan Council was presented, read, and received without dis cussion, and carried, the statement of ac counts being attached to the said Report. Reports were also read and received from the Archidiaconal Councils of Graf ton and of Armidale, and from the Clergy Widows Board, and the Book Depot Com mittee. The following notices of motion were given : Mr. C. R. Blaxland to move, "That the Diocesan Council be instructed to pre pare and lay before Synod ai its next Ses sion a Canon to provide for filling a va cancy in the See." Mr. C. R. Blaxland to move, " That the members of this Synod have heard with regret that your Lordship has no in tention of calling upon the Archdeacons to visit parishes in their respective Archdea conries, and beg to put on record that in their opinion much benefit would result from the same, and that the expenses in connection therewith could be easily pro cured." The President then left the chair, and the Synod went into Committee on the Further Amendment Canon of the Clergy Widows Canon. At 12.45 p.m. the chair man left the chair, reported progress, and asked leave to sit again after the adjourn ment. The Synod adjourned till 2.30 p.m., and, upon resuming, again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the Clergy WidowsFurther AmendmeutCanon, which repeals clause 6 of the Principal Canon : substituting the following : " Any mar ried clergyman or widower being the fa ther or stepfather of children then living holding a license to a cure in this Diocese, who himself and whose parish shall have paid one half-yearly instalment as afore said may make proposal to any Insurance Society in this colony for an Insurance on his life in any sum not exceeding £1000 under any table approved of by the Board, and on the statement to the Board of the amount of premium as hereinafter provi ded the Treasurer of the Board shall com plete the Insurance. Provided (1) That the basis of all premiums chargeable upon this fund shall be table A without profits of the Australian M. P. Society at the rate for applicant's age next birthday. (2) That any curate desiring to insure his life under any approved table carrying profits may do so upon his agreeing to provide the extra amount of premuim in such manner as the Board may require. The Canon in the above amended form was carried. The Veu. Archdeacon Ross moved: "That the Synod desires to express its cordial sympathy with and thanks to the Metropolitan and Primate for the opposi tion that he has offered to the Bill now before the Legislature entitled the Di vorce Extension Bill, and hereby instructs [the Secretary of the Synod to communi Icate this resolution to the Primate." | Seconded by the Rev. E. G. Moberly, land carried unaninously. j Mr. S. C. Steuart moved and the Rev. i-H. Kelly seconded : " That in the opin ion of the Synod arrangements should at [;once be made for the payment of the rent of the residence of the Bishop at Armidale, and that, pending the maturing of a scheme for the provision of a suitable residence for the Bishop and his successors, the Diocesan Council be requested to adminis ter the Bishop's Residence Fund. And ||that an annual collection be made at every place where Divine Service is held in the Diocese in the month of Sept., or as near thereto as possible, in aid of the Bishop's Resideuce Fund, and that the amounts be be remitted to the Treasurer of the Dio cesan Council." Carried. The Synod adjourned till 7.15 p.m. On resuming, Mr. Blaxland's motion relative to the filling of a vacancy in the See was carried. On Mr. Blaxland moving his resolution concerning the Archdeacons visiting pa rishes the Bishop explained his action in the matter, and the motion was with drawn. The Rev. T. Hyder moved r "That owing to the urgent duty of the Church to preserve the sanctity of marriage, and the purity of domestic and social life, it is desirable in the opinion of tZtls Synod to earnestly and ^vigorouslyprotest in the formofa petition to the Legislative As sembly gainst the present attempt to facilitate divorce by the Introduction of fresh legislation, on the grounds • 1\. That the principle of the propoa BUI is contrary to the unalterable law of God as expressed in Holy Scripture. 2\. That the effect of suchatneasure would be, In the opinion of this Synod, to seri ously injure, if not to destroy utterly, the sacredness mid parity of both domestic and sociallife. _ 3. That the amelioration sought for spe cial cases of hardship as indicated in the Erevisions of the Bill could as effectively e obtained under the laws at present in force." Seconded by Mr. Henry £emmis and carried. I The Rev. T. J. Hyder moved : "That j the Lord Bishop of the Diocese with the j Ven. Archdeacons of Grafton and Armi- . dale be a committee of Synod to prepare, sign, and forward for presentation to Par liament, on behalf of this Synod, a peti tion against the passing of the Divorce Bill." Seconded by the Rev. H. Kelly and carried. The. Rev. T. J. Hyder asked the fol lowing question : " Will yonr Lordship sanction the employment of missionaries by either Archidiaconal Council, subject to your Lordship's approval, whose official function shall be to prepare outlying or remote districts within the boundaries of parishes for occupation by duly licensed Parochial Clergy." His Lordship replied that he certainly would, subject to funds being provided for such purpose. ' The Rev. T. J. Hyder moved : " That in the opinion of this Synod, with the view of giving practical shape to the re commendation of the Archidiaconal Coun cil of Grafton, it is the urgent duty of the Church to establish Church Schools in the diocese wherever practicable." Seconded by Archdeacon Green way, and carried. The Bishop, the Archdeacons, Messrs. Kemmis and Baker, were appointed a Committee to carry out the resolution. The Rev. H. Kelly moved : " That in the month of December in each year, spe cial collections be made in every place where Divine Services are held in the Dio cese for the purpose of augmenting the funds of the General Diocesan Expenses Fund." The motion was seconded by the Rev. T. J. Hyder bub was lost. The Ven. Archdeacon Greenway moved the second reading of the Ordinance for accepting and adopting a constitution for the Provincial Synod of the Province of New South Wales as agreed to and ac cepted by the Bishops and Clerical aud Lay representatives of the Churches in the several dioceses of the said Province. Mr. Henry Kemmis seconded the mo tion, and a lengthy discussion ensued. Eventually Mr. Steuart moved the pre vious question, which was seconded by the Rev. T. J. Hyder and carried. The Rev. A. W. King moved, " That the district of Quirindi having fulfilled the conditions of the formation of the new Parishes Canon, be now admitted to full privileges in connection of Sydney." Seconded by the Rev. H. Durdop, and carried. The following table of Parish Assess ment was handed in : Armidale £8, Bin gera £4, Bundarra £4, Casino £4, Glen Innes £o, Grafton £6, Gunnedah £4, In verell £5, Kempsey £4, Lawrence £4, Lismore £5, Narrabri £4, Port Macquarie £4, Quirindi £4, Tamworth £8, Tenterfield £5, Bralla £4, Walcha £5, Wariadda, £4, Woodburn £4, S. Grafton £4. Votes of thanks were passed to the Rt. Rev. the President, the Secretaries, and Chairman of Committees. On the mo tion of Archdeacon Greenway a special record of the Synod's grateful sense of the kindness and hospitality extended to the members of the Synod by the Armi dale Ladies' Parochial Association, and other inhabitants of Armidale, was passed. The Te Deurn was sung, the President gave the Benediction, and the Synod ad journed sine die. 