Boys' Coi n nm . EXPERIMENTS nr. CHEMISTRY, FIREWORKS, &0. (As there is soins danger in performing | Irick.i of this kind, they should be managed ! with extreme caution, and on no account j be attempted by very young and incxpcri tnced persons. ) - I 1.— TO OBTAIN FIRE PROM WATER. Throw a small quantity of potassium on tho surface of ti littlo water in n basin. Im mediately a rose-colourcd flame will bo pro duced. Any chemist will- supply tlio quan tity for sovoral of theso experiments for a very small sum; ? ? ' ? ? ? 2.— TO GIVE A PA UTS' A GHASTLY APPEARANCE; . . Take half n pint of spirits, and, having warmed it, put n handful of salt with it info a basin ; thon set it On fire, and. it will liavo tho effect of making every person look hideous. This feat must be performed in'a room, ' ' 3.— THE FIRE AND WINE BOTTLE. Procure a tin bottle with a tnbe nearly as' large as its nock, passing from the bottom o£ tho ncck to tho bottom of the bottlo, in which there must bo a bole of a sizo to cor respond with it. Between the tube and tho neck of the bottlo let there be snflioiont space to allow you to pour in somo wino, which will remain in tlio bottlo outside tho tube, Begin tho trick hy pouring a glass of wino out of tho bottle, through which a con federate will thrust a burning fuzee into tho tube, so that, at your command, fire is emitted from tho mouth of the bottle. As aoon as the firo is extinguished, or withdrawn, you can take up your bottle again, and pour out more wine. ?I.— THE 'FIERY FLASH Let a quantity of minnto iron filings drop upon the flame of a candle from a Bbeet of paper about eight or ten inches above it ; as they desend into the flame, thoy will enter into a vivid and sparkling combnstion. B.— TO BOIL A LIQUID WITHOUT FIRE. Put into a thin phial two parts of' oil '.of vitriol and one part o£ water; by stirring them well together, tho mixture instantly becomes hot, nnd acquires a temperature above that of boiling water. 6.— TO PROCURE HYDROGEN GAS. Provide n phial with a cork stopper, through which is thrust a piece of tobacco pipe. Into the phial put a few pieces of zinc, or small iron nails ; on this pour a mix ture of equal part3 of sulphuric acid (oil uf vitriol) and water, previously mixed in a. tea cup to prevent accidents. Replace the cork stopper with the piece of tobacco-pipe in it ; the hydrogen grcs will then be liberated throngh the pipo in a small stream. Apply tho flame of n candle or tapor to this stream, and it will immediately tako fire, and burn with a clear flame until all tbo hydrogen in the phial be exhausted. In this experi ment tho zinc or iron, by tho notion of the acid is dissolved, thns taking tho oxygon from the sulphuric acid and water ; the fiydrogen (the other constituent part of tho; water) Ms thereby liberated and ascends. 7.— TO COPY WRITING WITH A FLAT-IRON. ^ Mix a littlo sugar in. the ink which is used for tho writing. Lay a sheet of unsized paper (that is, soft white paper) damped with a Bponge, on tlio written papor, nnd passing lightly over it n flat-iron, moderately heated, a copy may be easily taken. 8.— TO MAKE FRINGE APPEAR ABOUT THE FLAME OF A CANDLE. ' ? Procure two pieces of platCrglass, moisten two of their sides with water, put them to gether, and look through them at the candle, when you will bco tho flame surrounded by beautifully coloured fringes. This is the effoct o£ moisture intermixed, with portions of air, and presents an appearance similar to dew. 9.— TO PRODUCE INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT UPON ICE. Throw upon ico a small pieco of potassium, nnd it will burst into a bright flame. 10.— TO MAKE PAPER FIREPROOF To accomplish this, dip a sheet of paper in a strong solution of nllum water, and when dry repeat the process two or three times. When it is thoroughly dried, you may put it. in 'the flame of a candle and it will not burn. 11.— TO MELT LEAD IN PAPER. Procure a vory Bmooth ball of lead and and wrap it up in a pieco of paper, taking care that there be no wrinkles in it, antl that it bo everywhere in contact with the ball. Hold it in this stato over the flames of a taper, and tho lead will be melted without ? uji nf burnt.- The lead, when one ; fused, will in a short time pierce the paper, and, of courso, run through. 12.— TO MELT STEEL AS EASILY AS' ? LEAD. . . With npair.of tongs and pincers hold a piece of steel in the fire till it is red hot, then touch it with n stick of brimstone, when the contact will cause tho stcol to melt and drop ? like a liquid. ... ; ? 13.— A LIGHT- THAT. BURNS FOR A. ,?- YEAR.. Put a;stickvof phosphorus into a large (fry phial, not corked,! arid it will; give a . light suflicient, to .-.distinguish' ^ any object in the room. when- placed, close to it. . , If tho phial' be kept'in; a cool . place, where there is no great current of air, its :ImhiriouB appearance will be retiiined for several months. 14.— FLAME ' EXTINGUISHED BY GAS. i -Place a- lighted , candle Jn a jar, and let ? carbonic gas .be poured upon it from another - jan ;In a few seconds the flame will be ex- ! tinguished, though , the eye is incapable , of i observing that anything is being poured.! out. -. ' 16.— THE TOBACCO-PIPE CANNON., j ? Take o£ saltpetre one ounce, crcatn of ! tartar one ounce, sulphur one ounce j beat ! them to powder separately, thon mix them, together. Put a grain into a pipe o£ tobacco,, i and when it is lighted it will give the report i of a musket, without breaking the pipe. By I putting as much as may lie on your nail in j a small picce of paper, nnd setting firo to it;, | tremendous reports will be the result. _ ' 1G.— PRINCE RUPERT'S DETONATING GLASS BOMBS. I These may he made in tho following: i manner:— Drop some small pieces 'of commom ' green glass, whilo red hot, into cold water,. 1 when thoy will assume a tear-like form. The I spherical portion will bear very rough treat- | 'mcnt, but tho instant tho smallest part of! i tho tail be broken off tbo whole flies into- ? countless fragments. Many experiments! : be performed with theso curious drops, but; : being attended with danger, are omitted! here. 17.— TO WASH THE HANDS IN MOLTEN LEAD. ' . Take ono ounce o£ quicksilver, two ounces of good bole-ammoniac, half an ounco of camphor, and two ounces of nqun-vit:c ; ntta them together, and put thom into a brcvren mortar; beating thero with a pestle. Btub' I the hands all ovor with the ointment, aod' j they may be put into molten lent! with jm» I] punlty ;-tho motal boing poured upon them will ncithor burn nor scald, i 18— TO WALK ON A HOT IRON BAR. Take half an ounce ot camphor, dissolve it in two punccs of aqua-vitm ; add to it one. ounce of quicksilver and ono ounco of liquid stornx (which is tho droppings of myrrh, and prevents tho camphor from firing), ' Take also two ounces of homatls (that is, red stone, — may bo had at tho drug gist's), and boat it to a powdor. Add this to tho ingredients already speoifled ; and pre vious to performing the feat anoint your feet well with it, nnd you may then walk on red hot iron without the slightest danger. ?19.— TO MAKE WATER FREEZE BY - TIIE FIRESIDE. The curious feat can only be performed ih winter. . Put a quart pot upon a stool before tho firo, throwing a littlo water upon tho Btool first. Then put a handful of snow, into tho pot, and privately convoy into it tilso a handful of salt.' Stir it ahont for oight or nine minutes with a short stick, and t!\c con-, gelation will be effected. - 20.— TO MARE ARTIFICIAL FIRE BALLS Put - thirty grains- of' phosphorus into, a Florpnce flask, with three or four onncca of water. Placo the vessel over a lamp, and give it a boiling heat. IJaJls of fire will soon bo seen to issue from the water, after, tho manner of an artificial firework, attended with the most beautiful- coruscations. I 21.— TO MAKE AN AllTI FICIAL'EARTH ; QUAKE AND VOLCANO. ' ' . Mix equal parts of pounded sulphur and iron filings, and haying foriried tho whole into a paste with watcT, bury a certain quan tity o£ it (forty or fifty pounds, for example) at about'the depth of a foot bolow the sur face o£ tho earth. In ten or twelve hours after, if the weather be warm, the earth will swoll arid burst, arid throw up flame, which will enlarge the nperturo, scattering nround a yellow nnd blackish dnst. 22.— TO PRODUCE FIRE FROM CANE. The Chinese rattans, which are used when split for making cane chairs, will, when.dry, if struck against each othor, givo fire ; and are used nccordingly in some places in lien o£ flint and steel. 23.— TO SOFTEN IRON OR STEEL. Either of the following simple methods will make iron or stool as soft as lead : — 1\. Take n little clay, cover your iron with it, temper it in a charcoal fire. ' 2\. When the iron or'steol is red hot strew hellebore on it. 3\. Qiiuiicli the iron or steel in' the juice or water of common beans. 21.— TO FILL WITH SMOKE TWO APPA RENTLY EMPTY BOTTLES. Rinse out one bottle with hartshorn, and .another, bottle with spirits of salt; next bring the bottles together mouth to month ; both will at once be pervaded with white vapors. Tho vapors in question are com posed o£ sal ammoniac— a solid body gene rated by tho union o£ two invisible gases. 25.— TO 3IAKE LUMINOUS WRITING IX THE DARK. Fix a small piece of solid phosphorus in a quill, nnd writo with itupon paper; i£ tho pnper be then placed in a dark room, the writing will appear beautifully luininous. 20.— TO MAKE RED FIRE. The beautiful red fire which is used in the theatres is composed of the following ingre dients : — Forty parla o£ dry nitrate of stron tian, thirteen parts o£ finely powdered sul phur. five parts 'of chlorate of potash, and four parts o£ sulphtiret of antimony. ? ? ? ' , 27.— TO MAKE GREEN FIRE. Flour of sulphur thirteen parts, nitrate of barytn seventy-seven, oxymuriate of pOtassia five, metallic arsenic two, charcoal three— the nitrate of baryta should be well dried and' powdered. 2G.— To Make Wine ok Brandy Float \- - , on Water. . To perform this seeming impossibility, take a tumbler half full of water, nnd placing a pieco of thin muslin over the top of the same, gently strain the brandy or wine through tho muslin, and it will remain on the top o£ the water. ' ? ? \ ? 29\. — To Make Beautiful Transpaiient ? Colored Water. The following liquors, which are colored, being mixed, produce colors very different from their own. The yellow tincture of saf fron and the red tincture of rosea,, when mixed, produce a green. Blue tinetiire o£ violets and brown spirit o£ sulphur produce a crimson. Red tincture of roses and brown spirits of hartshorn make a blue/ Blue tinc ture of violets and blue solution of copper give a violet color. Blue tincture oE cyanus and blue spirit snl ammoniac, colored, make green. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and brown lye of potash make yellow. Blue solution o£ Hungarian vitriol and red tinc ture oE roses make black. Bluo tincture of cyanus and green solution of copper produco red. 30\. — To Suspend a King bv a Thread, after the Thread has been -Burnt. . Soak a piece thread in common salt water. Tie it to a ring, not larger than a wedding ring. When you apply thej flame of a candle to: it, it will burn to ashes, but yet sustain the ring. ; ' - 31.—— The iMaoio Illuminator. A vessel containing a certain white powder is placed upon tho table, when tho operator advances, waving his wand and- uttering some magic words coined by himself, when, lo I of a sudden the room is lighted up with a brilliant light, so effulgent that it dims the eyes of the spectators I The powder is com posed o£ equal 'weights of loaf sugar and chlorate o£ potash, separately reduced to fine powder, and then well mixed together. Place the mixture in a cup, nnd when tho powder is touched with the least drop of sulphuric acid it will instantly burst into a flame.' The end of the brass rod should be dipped in tbe'acid immediately before use. 32.— To Make a Brilliant Light prom SxpEL. ' Pour into a watch-glass a little sulnhuret of carbon, and, light it ; hold iri the flame a brush o£ steel wire, and it will burnbeauti fully. A watch-spring may also bo burnt iuit,-,,^. . 33.— Chemical Effect of Light. . Wash a piece o£ paper m a weak solution of salt and water ; dry, and then wash it with a strong solution of nitrate o£ silver ; dry it in the dark, and, when dry, expose it to the sun's light ; though colorless before, it will now soon* become black. A picture may be made by placing a dried plant, a bit of lace, See., upon tho paper previous to its exposure to light. ? ' 34\. — To Pot Three Liquids in a Glass and Drink Either Without Disturb-, ino the Others. Make a strong syrup of white sugar nnd water, put it about a third up-in a tall glass, thon pour in carefully some milk, which will float on tho By rup ; then on the top of the milk put sortie port-wine, which will float on the milk. Now you may undertake to drink either of the lower liquids without disturb ing tho wine, by taking a straw and ; putting , it carefully into cither tho milk or sugar, and sucking it up through. 35\. — Fountain of Fire. Add gradually one ourico of sulphuric acid 'to six ounces of water in nn earthen basin, 'Then add three-quarters of an ounce oi 'tjrranulnted zinc, with a few pieces of phos phoriiB Iho aizo of a )rn; Gas bubbles will | bo immediately pr.M.iced, whioh tako firo on | tlio 8urfnco' of tho effervescing liquid, and the' whole surface ot tho liquid will dircctly become illuminated; fire-balls nnd jets of lire will dart from tho bottom through tho fluid with great rapidity. ? 36.— Tnu Phial of the Four Elements. Tako a phial, six or sevon inclics long, nnd about three-quarters of nn inoli in diametor fnto this phial put, first, glass coarsely pow. floret! ; secondly, oil of tartar per dcliquium; i thirdly, tincture ot salt of tartar ; and lastly, distilled rock oil. 1 ; Tlio glass'and tho various liquors being of i different densities, if you slinko the pliinl, nnd then lot it rest a few moments, tho thvee Miqiiors will entirely soparate, nnd each as sume its 'place ; t.h U3 forming no indifferent . resemblance ot tho four clcmonts, earth, fire, water, and air ; the powdered glass (which should bo ot somo dark' color) representing the ? earth' ; tho oil of tartar,' water; the tincture, air; and tlio rock oil, fire. 37\. — Flashes of Fire from Water. Pour a littlo clear wnter into n small glass tumbler, .and put ono or two small picccs_ ot phosphuret of limc into it. In a short time flashes o£ fire will dart from the surface of tho wator, and termirinto in ringlets ol sinokc, rising in regulnr succession. 38\. — To Make the Hands and Face Luminous. Put a pioco of phosphorus, nbout tbo size I of. a pea, into an ounco or so ot ether. After ! a time, portions of tho phosphorus will dis solve, aud it the hands and faco be rubbed with this solution, which, is perfectly harm less, the'oporator will seem on firo, nnd in tho dark would pass for a respectable ghost. : 39.— To Place a Tea-ICettlbful ob Boiling Water oton the Naked ; Hand Without Injury. - Whilst a tea-kottlo is boiling upon the fire and for a fow seconds nftcr its removnl, a layer of steam exists between tho bottom of tho tea-kettle and tbo wnter which it con tains. Now, tho layer of steam in question . is a bad conductor of heat; wherefore the tea-kettle may be taken direct from the fire arid laid flat upon tho hand without giving rise to any disagreeable perception of heat. I havo heard the success of this experiment attributed to n disposition dt soot upon the outside of the ten-kettle. This is nn error : a perfectly clean tea-kettle, heated over a charcoal fire, which deposits no soot, may bo handled as described above. 