A TOWNSYILLE G HOST. The prosaic and ordinarily extremely natural life of Townsville has lately been intruded upon by a visitant of peculiar tendencies. This unwelcome being, bear- ing all the outward semblance of a man, clothed in nothing but a common shirt, having about him no shimmering, gauze- like robes indicative of service in the celestial orchestra, and yet having in his train no offensive or sulphurous smalls suggestive of a hotter climate, selects the very early hours of the morning to fool around respectable men's bed-posts, and to strike terror into their hearts through their | scarcely open eyes by representing a suicide. Gentle reader, this is a statement of fact, vouched for by two unimpeachable wit. n esses resident in Townsville, and lodgers in a certain house of public accom modation, in the now haunted room of which a man " shulH ul off his mortal coil " either at his own sweet will, or by the hand of one of his fellow-men. So rumour saith. We are responsible only for an unvarnished recital op the circumstances under which the apparition has been twice seen within the past three weeks. To believers in spiritualism we have no doubt the succeeding particulars will have con siderable interest, aud wi 1 prove a problem hard of solution, whilst for the sceptics there will be matter for laughter and ridi cule. Ghosts have unquestionably been semi at various times in the world and even in Northern Queensland — in Cook- town, for instance — the appearance of at least one apparition — that of a deceased lady, whose lineaments were well-known . to the party of spirit-rappers to whom she exhibited herself in a door-locked and window-closed room in broad daylight — can be verified by living witnesses. There fore, let the smile be smothered, ami the jeer restrained, and the refutation of the possibility of spirits visiting the earth he deferred until we harrow up the blood, lay an icy linger on the heart strings, and make " each particular hair stand on end " on the heads of our readers, by recounting the thrilling particulars we have gleaned of the premier Townsville ghost : — -The night was far spent, and the balmy breezes from Ross Creek were wafted like an angel's benediction to the end and centre of Flinders-street, and far away up into the star-spangled heights of Castle-bill, whore tliey waited and moaned as though re hearsing a requiem o'er some dear departed one, and then slowly lose up to the calm sea of azure, wheie they hade adieu to earth and its naughty inhabitants, albeit most of them slept as though they had not made a profit of 100 per cent, on their goods sold during the previous day, and had liberally given of thcir ahundancs to the poor, the suffering, and the unfortunate. . It was broad moonlight, and .the lambent rays of the Queen of .Night stole softly in through the half-opened window of a room wherein two njen reclined on single iron bedsteads, nicely curtained, and possessing all the other appurtenances which go to make up what is commonly known as "a bed." Sleepless and cogitative, one of the men decided to relieve the monotony of the solitude caused by the slumber of his room-mate, by smoking a fragrant manilla. This lie did. the while lie th might of " England, home, and beauty," the " Friendship of dear old pals," " Gentle Annie." "The little old log cabin in the lane.-' and the intricacies of the (liffisrentwl calc.ilm. . "The cigar having burnt un pleasantly near his mouth, he looked door- wards to throw the stump out, wlnn his startled gaze was rivelted by the form of a man's figure at the foot of his bod. The trunk was covered by a shirt, and the legs dangled significantly ; the nape of the neck could he seen just below the calico-cover ing of the bed, and oh,, horror, a rope seemed to pass round the neck and over the brass nob at the top of the corner-post, the face and head being hidden by the -calico, but apparently hanging over the other or outer side of the bed, and a clear case of strangulation lming vividlv present to the man's affiighted mind. The mind ol the man in bed we mean — not the other one, suspended at the foot of it. The live and now thoroughly awake man rubbel his eyes, and looked towards the other bed to make sure that his mate was not playing a lark on him. But no ! all was correct in that quarter — the sleeper being " all secure," ami snoring in a most angelic manner. This state of things was ex asperating, unbearable, and the victim of spiritualism was about to spring from his bed, aud discover whether his eyesight was deceiving him, when lo ! the hanging object vanished — where there had been a tangible form there was now nothing hut thin air, and the almost equally thin iron-bars at to; i of the bed-stead. What was it 1 Where had it gone. 1 or how had it come 1 The startled man did not know, nor do we. Suffice it to say, the man swears he saw it, and lie is, like Brutus, "an honorable man," and certainly would not lie to gain an .'men- viable notoriety. However, lie kept the secret of the night locked closely in liis own heart until about a fortnight after wards, when his mate let fall some remarks which gave force to his belief that ho had not been mistaken is seeing what lie be- lieved to be a supernatural object. Now for the mate's story : — On a certain morn ing lie said to his friend, " You must have been tight when you came in last night." To this, No. 1 (let us call him) said " I was not ; I have drunk nothing but ' soft stuff' for a month past." No 2 : ' Then what were you up to, playing gymnastics at the foot of my bed!" No. 1 : "I didn't go near the foot of your bed ; ! came in about eleven, and 1 turned in ' at once." No. 2 : " Well, I'll swear some man was at the foot of my bed with his head over the top, aud his legs hanging down." Here was a strange corroboration of the appari tion seen by No. 1. The two men at once compared notes, aud the result was they both averred having seen identically the same thing at the foot of each of their beds, even to the rope round the ghastly figure's neck. Now what say our readers ? Who will unravel the mystery1? Both men are thoroughly trustworthy and could certainly hope for nothing hut ridicule, if they had concocted such a strange story ; for people in the present generation are not given to believing anything very parti cular about the movements of departed spirits. Both the men who say they saw the ghost were sober-«-tliey are not imag inative men — nor are they given to romancing. Neither one would hack the other, for mere sport, in stating so con secutively all about a "vision of the night." We leave the mystery with our readers Let them solve it. The foregoing is a record of fact, not a string of fiction. Men pass and repass the house every day where the strange seen e was enacted. E very time we peregrinate in that direction we look up longingly to a certain window in hopes of .seing the midnight prowler from the spirit-world. He must be a restless sort of fellow, or else he would not come scaring decent men when they want to sleep and when he ought to be putting in his time in some profitable occupation. If men who depart from this life have nothing better to do than to mouch back again and startle honest men, we don't see much advantage in dying at all, especially by means of suicide. Sceptical reader, " you may take our tale with a little salt, but it needs none nevertheless." Can you explain it 1 If you can, and when you do, " make a note on t. - — Northern Tvorld. 