Appeasing the Wrath. The sun hung for a moment just where sea and land met like a great ball of fire. The sky was cloudless and the water unbroken by a nDDle. but the mariners look oat over the sea and up to the flapping sails, and their faces wore looks of uneasiness and apprehension. Half of the sun's rim is in the water when a sharp order is given on deck, and the men spring for the shrouds. Sails are furled, every thing aloft made snug, and, as darkness steals across the water like an evil spirit, the men are on deck again, and their faces wear more anxious looks. ' What is it ?' The oldest man amongst them — the warrior whose scarred and bronzed face tells of years before the mast and voyages aroand the world —makes a complete circle on his heel as he surveys die night, and die answer expected bom bis lips is delivered : ' Typhoon— God help us !' Think of die vastness of die great ocean ! Think of die mighty rash of waters dividing great continents ! Think of the diousands of miles between die rock-ribbed shotes over which the white water ever frets and foams and dashes ! And then place a ship— die work of puny man — a thousand miles from shore and let loose die mighty wrath of Heaven and ocean upon her, and what chance has she for her life. She is a child, encircled by wolves — a woman trailed by tigers — a wounded man in the path of a galloping squadron who know not pity. As die night comes on die ship lazily swings her head to and fro, die rudder creaks and groans as if shouting words of warning, and the sailors' pipes go out as they stand with elbows on die rails and seek to penetrate die darkness. Half die fear of battle is in die waiting of the first volley. The wrath of Heaven is gathering over and around the ship, and until it breaks die crew will be little better than cowards. Above is inky blackness. Below there is die darker water. The sea runs in those long, unbroken, oily swells which conceal so much treachery. There is no foam to show its ghost face through the darkness — no phosphorescent gleam to aid die eye as it travels seaward. The ship has been prepared as well as human mind and human hands can do it, and she is waiting. But for die creaking of yards and rudder as she lifts and sinks she would be so silent that one coming alongside might think her a ship of death — some craft into which a black scourge had crept to kill oft the crew and leave die great coffin to be driven here and there as wind and wave listed. Flash! It is as if the fires of hell had flashed out for a moment to lighten a darkness covering die whole globe. Boom ! It is die voice of a thousand huge pieces of artillery blended into one grand crash which makes the snip rock and reel from die top of her mainmast to her lowest plank. The waves still run with that treacherous surface — a darkness rushes together again to cover sky and water with a blacker pall. Do you hear it ? There is moaning— a sort of lamenting, and sighing, as if a sleeping child was about to awake in pain. Now the lamenting becomes a sound as if a pack of wolves on trail of a victim were snapping at each other as they ran. The sound is coming nearer. Now it is die wolves — now die shouts and screams of a thousand furies — now the mad, overwhelming rush of a typhoon let loose to race and ravage until its power is spent. The ship settles down as if to sink beneath the surface to escape the mighty blow dealt to destroy. There is a shudder of terror from a dozen men as she sinks lower and lower, but this is followed by a sigh of relief as she finally lifts, rolls away, rights and then springs away like a fleet horse which has heard die growl of a tiger. The battle has begun. It is die wrath of Heaven and earth and ocean against die hand of man. * * * V * The children go down to the pebbly beach to gather curious stones and race over die damp sands. The wavelets lap and sing and gurgle, and now and then the long roller, which comes sweeping in and runs afar up die sands, seems to laugh as it chases die children back. The sun is clear and bright, the skies of Heaven look down in peace, and the wind is scarcely strong enough to rustle the leaves. One of the racing, laughing children stops in his flight and screams out with horror. The body of a sailor lies on die sands. Further on is another — then another. Then a mass of wreck. Far out to sea, its black head just dis cernible on the edge of die horizon, is an ugly rock. Besides it are other corpses, other timbers and bales and splintered masts and yards. The wrath has been appeased. 