Story. My First Sitter. I had emerged from the Slada (?ohool aftor irvnal years of art etudj, which ohieflr -!on- listed of drawing and painting the mule human form in every conceivable ' petition ltalinn mcdtls hud gronn ponli-olT loathtome to meg i wni- tired of their dark brown skin), blaot hair and eyos i I now their bo- o- and muBclsa by hrarti A Hue -ko.lown §t'Od lu my BUiull itudio at home; I had drawn it ia pen and ink OTer ai.d over uguu j ovon in my u rearm lira pureurd by vision - of bouoa and 'musitles, and ?whtn I talked to fri«mit! 1 would mentally strip then- of their flush and it»' their Bk«lntou4 — etioh was the reeul' of toty'ours pt'drix or toujourt anulomy ! Tho nioautouj' of my atuitins exticguiihed tny ardour f-:r an itrt wnioh soomed mwlp of iiion tan niusrlco So on,- day I msdo up my uliad to go and ?northip lit. the nhrine of the oil mastnrs in the iH.tk-T-al GallciiT, tn ana if these hi^h priotta cculd in spin) aud l-ekindlo in ma tho naorej Qru ttat wbb ojing out, I wandered through the timple of a-t, filled wiWi hwr and wuatier at the niognificenl vnuba ihut aurround'd me YiBi I would tr- to copy onn o£ th-'ie ohfs d'mtvte, whichever of th?m jnat then n,o-t struck my f Hnoy. 1 found it. difficult to decide ; at lutt 1 fixed on tho portrait of Andruit del Sarto, painted by himsnlf; the melinohily, handtome face with th-- eud eyes fa-ciaatod mo. Of all this splendid collool.ion it was the por trait which attracted me moBt. I recalled iiowning'B lines: — I r (ion am mnoh wearier than yon think, TliJR HvfiDiDf^ moro thon ubuuI, I. tuiiiitliiif from raj'Self nud to myself, Kuow wbnt I do. am unmoved by mun's blume, Or their praiho either. I took the measure of the canva*, and that daj week (the National G*llery ib only itp»n to copyists twice a wi ek, Ihursdays nod Fridays) eet to work \rith a nno dot rmtctutiou tu raucUr full junlieo to tho eplcud d original. Wuilu drawing it in I thought over hie sad domestic liie ; his worship of a wife so utterly unwort'iy of him in every wny, one wliotUrough her lav.) of money endrd by bri-giug disgrtoo on his name, f o wocdor his oy?s Bhouid bo «o sad aid hie beautiful mouth tremulous with re pressed ferlifcgs. I began to paint. Now came tho tug of war : the ejts I produced wore liko two blazing little black beads ; tho nostrila, instead of expressing eeriBiiivrncfe, eeemod an lliouglt tlmj inhaled h tniell which not cvon the portu.iics o£ irabii could sweeten. I was inwurdly execratiag the diiEcullies I had brought on myself whon I bi-pumo cotiBcibue of a i rcsenoo behind nio. I was too ergrosred ir- mj work to take p.wtiouUr r.olico ; but tho presence drew ziearor, aud through the coriiors of my eye« I saw a oluuisy puir of muddy bouts endontly belonging tJ thn mntculirjo gender. The wearer of the boat) coughed i it was not a big cough, but a series of lit! In husiy founds that irritalod mo. 1 longo 1 for him to ohoko and expire on the npat ; if he wero to remain much longer, I felt I muat cer tainly ibilict some attains of paint on bis psrsou 'Admirable, beautiful I exclaimed a voioo with a Scotch intonatinn. I turned round, my face flushing Was this individual making fun 'of my efforts or w-u he in earnest ? If the klter, than he matt iu &rt; matters be an ignoramus. ' I beheld a -tout, eldorly man, Trith a red, jovibl countenance; a large verinilioo n'ise with a couple of buds of noses springing from the main ptem, looking as if later oa they might di velop into other full blown noses 3 his smtlt blue e.jfs twiniling pleasantiy ; hi* whislcava were 1 ruv, long, ai;d bushy, tho old Picoadihy weeper. ' Ho was attired in a tweed, heathar culoured suit, and looked like a Scotch tourist out on a holiday 'ixcu88 mo for interrupting you,' ho ox claimed, taking off his hat and displaying a b'.-ld heid with a fringo of gray hair that sto.id erect ; ' but I CAnnot refrain from expresaing roy admir&tion; of your clever work Already I lilo it bettor than the original ) it is not si durk, and it is (mouther; you aro » gifted laceio. Now would you mind undertaking a portrait ? I am rather doairou? to hnvo my oid ph;z paU'ted for my only relative, a tisLor who livec iu America.' I was taken eo aback by the suddenness of this request t!:at I could scarcely auswer ; I had never before received a commission. ' I hove never painted a portrait,' I niufc «er6d, leaning on my mahl-stioi, palottj nod bruelics in bund, '? but I have bson studying art for several ypare ' . 'Well, will you make a beginning with me?' Faiiug tbi? he plant-d himself well in front of me, eo that i bad a thoroughly g'iod yicw of him. There cou'd not be a mow ntrik irf? ccnlrnet to tho beautiful, refined, molin clioly Andrea di 1 Barto than that presented by fl:is cloerly, highly- coloured old Soot— hii heather trousers bogged at tho knofs ; a thick gold chcin ropesed on hi: well-dovelopod gis troi omio region. ' W hot. iizi-d poitrait would yoti liko ? Hea-1 ard shoulders, or olo with tho hands in cluded ?' . , ' Down as f»r ns tho knees,' ho answered, itrohiug his troiusrs ; ' while I am about it, I may as well go in for a bir» pioturo.. Now bueincsa is business; m*y I ask what your terms are for a portrait. ? I wish I was youDgor ard better lootirjR but thi.t is no fault uf niuc;' ho paid this with a geninl smile which improved Mb plain countenance. 'My terms for a portrait! Allow mo to consider.' 'Yes, lake jour lime. I hsve been looking' round the gallfry, and I roully don't much liko tlio old masters, they aru so dark. Now just look at this old . r/nmau by Rombrnr.dt. .1 am sure you paint hotter than that. Your woik is riioa and smooth and Bhiny, thia 1b thick acd dull.' ' J puir.t better than Bembrandt !' 'Yes; i contider him a duffur.' ' Hut he ia ono of tha vnry groafcust o£ painters I cdmire him immonsoly, and only wisli I could OTon produce anjthing thud nvght rfmirjd any ono of hi- work. Ho is tho greatest mastnr of ehim oscj.ro !' ''Whatdoss that m-an? '-ut no nutter I don't admire him, and, if you wish to cW.se me, don't piint my portrait with lumps of paint. ? N.-w,' turning rotu'.d and looking ab me »tf adily, ' you havo no lumps io your faoo, you aro quite smooth ' ' A nd not shiny; I hops !' f *aid tins smiling merrijy, for I saw it win no U3» arguing art questions with this jovial Phiiiatina. : ' My pioutro must bo smootli, f hiay; with a clean white shirt, and wll my omamenti neatly painted ; my ooral studs, and,' la'iing off a bright yellow kid glovo, 'this ring ; itis'a oar bucole with associations, I want it pnintod —in f apt, represent mo just us I am, so chat all my friends may know me.' ? I felt this pioturo would give mo troublo and never could enhancs my urtiatiu reputatioa. But I waa an orphan with amnll means aad this ' Ecotohman looked proeprraus. . 'If you wish tho hands included, it will be sixty guineas ' I Bsid thid with aplomb whila feeling like a tradesman. 'Very well. I am willing to ?ive thia »um for a good likeness. When shall I oomo . to sit ? Tho sooner tho bettor ; I atn a bird of p»-s»g^, and I am in London only for a short time.' Eo fumbled in hU pneket atid handed me his card. ; ..= .. . ??, , ! ;: ? .; ;; ?i ? . ? MB. D3H-I,D CitlEItOW. ?? ? Tho Burn, Uumfr!o3. '? ? ' I nm a farmer, with a good deal ot land north of tho Twcd. Now, may I ask your same and addrees ?' Aa I had no card with mo,I wroto in his pcoiet-botkj .:, Miss WAiin; ? ?.,.??????. :-» Thr«tl«'aro»e; ???-?'???-???--?; .. . :. South KenBhiKton.S.W.-, ? ? 'Cen youcoine to morrow at UP' . 'AH riplit, in ray Sunday bout.' ' Pajing thii«,'wo shook handi, and hbwatldlod britkly out of tho room, ?' -v I looked sadly at Andrea del S«b-*s portrait, ; nnd it Bcemrd to sympi'hiao witli mo. .- ;I put rp my ensel and oanrns, My oyos mid brain ; werr to filled with tho imago o£ Air Oameroa tbnt his red nose haunted mo. I lived with my brother, my only rela'ivo, for I hud lost my parents at an ea'ly.aize. Jack wbb a olerir. in tha Foreign Offico Ho considered hiintelf a groat' ewoll, aad did not at all approve of my going in for art I know he would protest apiinsfc my undortaklng tho portrait of a peroon I know nothiog. iA all about. S-- Unit cvinir.g uftor dinnor, w^iils Jaok wai 1 moiling a r.ipar I took my emirago in b -th. my tibiicU, and related mj adventure in the Catioual GHllery .','.'.''.. Jao' wore an eye-'glaaa, and thii hit uf glass whs Cnrablrt of itt^nso exproanion. Wlwn lie *n» iwBOjKd '!? »romw- to grow rounder; when ho wus suporciliutiB tho glass beoanio im- pntimnt. When I had finished, my heart sank into ray boots, for Jack's eye-glass seomed enormous, making him look like a Cyolops, his one hugo eye glaring at mo. He shook his long narrow head . Whun antiojcrj lii» voice whs oven inure drawling and tujal thun utual ; thia lima it wbb feurfully diawling H- puffed out a long whiff of bluo imoRC from bis Uavana ' Well, I drolurr , TJreula, I had b»gua to flatter myself that I knew ths |leagi-h and briadth of your reef ntriritifs ; bui; this lost ?performance boats ovcrjthing. I havo ulw^iys umpected thiit. there is iiuantty in our family '? now I am cwlftin of it. Tbur. jou, who belong to a respectable family— our father was » p.'st ropain in tho Royal Navy -should consent, to paint the portrait, of a Scotch f-Mrmar whom you casually meet prowling about tho National Gullery, without any son of iatroductior I It looks like lunooy,' , 'I want money, Jack; that is tho long and shot of it I don't deny that I hive enough to fat and drink, but 1 have r-th*r require ttCLtn; and to tell you tho truth, I havn am bition, and don't share tho opinion that woman is cnatcd merely to be the slavo of ths lord? of creation, to lew buttons on their illustrious thiits usd mend their oia'iy sock^.' Jack's eyeglass became impudent. ' Grapes sre eour in your ou3i-. Buvi I for got your poor curate, your patient admirar. ? erhapB you consider him a jhrop and nut, a iiian How will ho lika your j ioiag tho noblo crir.y of spinsters whu cry out againat my sex?' '? You may sneor at me, but nob at Harold,' I exclnimcd, with Hashing eves aud Hushed ebttla ' L'on't excite youreolf ; I am not sneering at your curate; and though he bleats and hia a perpetual cold in his bond, he is a most worthy soul ; but I don't think he woul't up predate this luBt aciion of yours -piintir.g tho iortrcit of an eldorly fogoy whom you do.Vt mow ; he may be a tiolcot-of-Ioave mm Please see that the silver Bpnons uro loclto 1 up, at dthat there are no good umbrcllaMn the ball ' Beunfoldfd Mb batiste hind kerchief, whioh emitted a perfume of 'jockey club,' and, to my relief, went, upstairs to his room with n nov^l. Aexl morning at 11 o'clock punctually thuro war a loud rat a- tut at the dojr I peep -d from behind the curtain in my room and be held Mr. Cameron in a very black, new suit of clothes standing on the steps. While waiting for the duor to be opened, he had taken out a pocket comb to trim hti loog whiskers. Tho houtemaid came and handed me his oard ; hor face wbb puckered up, trying to restrain a sirtte. I had told htr I was going to have iny first litter. 'Well, Miss, excu-e mo. but he is no boauty How can he want to havo his picture dona with euch a red nose ? ft do astonish me !' I trird not to laugh, and putting on a high art poocock-blue apton, embroidered with yellow lilies, went down to meet my sittar. He had been ushered into my Biinctum sanc torum, ccnescruted to m? art studio'. It w»3 a nice room, with a north light There were several good plcf.ter casts from the antique; agtutypes from soms of the best masters hung on the wall. Thrro it bio a couple of easels, an eak chnir ready for my sitter, and ia a oorner stood my skeleton Iu welcoming Mr. Camoron my skirt caught the foot of the skeleton, which rattled omin ously , ' What a horrible tiling, Mins Ward ? How enn you keep such a terrible bug of banes in jour room? It makes my flrsh oreep, I aseuro you.' 'Have wo not nil a skeleton in tho cup board ?' I answered, smiling gaily ' I keep mice here. It ia useful when I draw.' 'Would you mind, Mies Ward, Inking it anfty ? You rouy think mo foolish, but this ekoletou nmlca me miserable.' _ ' Oh, of courco, 1 will,' and 'taking it up in my arms I carried it into tho next room, 'Thank you, but rather thun that you Bhouid think' lue troubloaomo, I shall givoyou a good reason A fow years ago I lost my 'wife utni then two bairnio;.' llii voicu shook us ho taid this, 'Anything thxt reminds ma much of death iB painful, and as jou are going to paint my pioturo, I hud b:ttor uoi have a mujr »b.'c expreseion ' i placed Mr Onmoron in half-shadow. It was some time before I decided on tho attitude .- 1 lust I so; tied upi.n & th;co-a,uurto», Ktt.li his hands rcitirj|- on his knoei. When 1 hkd drawn him ia charcoal he oaino to look bt it, a-.d gave a grunt not expressive of aduiiralio!) ' It ib very black, and looks stiff, but you know best. Hicuaa my bluatnoss.' It in a mictuko to til ow a siaur to pc.ip baforo tho picture is nearly fimthod. You cannot tell the transformation it will go through. He wax artonifhed at my pilotte, and the Tapid way I luiil my t.tnts. He hid nnvor tijmo iu contact with p&iotnrs; or anyone whu undr r - stood art. I think the pcop he had tukoa did coricerttd liim, nnd he did not ask to look agun , Vihcn 1 attack'd tho nos? I was fiuzz'.od. Ought I to copy it faithfully, buds and all P 1 W2B inclined to idealian, so toned down tho vermilion tints. After I had four sittings the portrait had made couEidorabls progress, aad on that fourth' day I invited him to lunch, tie \i as vcrj corifkUnbial, told mo »b» it hi* ho:ni.- in tho uor'li, of hia Ionolinos9 sinoo tho I034 of his wife nnd bairnioa. Qo had married Into iu lilo,iitd rbs quito alone now. ' Ah, lassiir ! ' ho excUimeil, ' I am n vary Bolitury inun now, with no ono to care r.ially for nui ; but I feel that the spirits ot iny lost ouos hover constantly around mo. Still 1 have my iann labourers und'tho'r familios, and Uke e.n interest in their wolfiro. I havo nuilt a olub f r tbo men aud a school, fojjhoi: childrou on iny oetiito.' While ho talked I watched his feco, and noticed thu extreme benevolence of ih« exprtu eion. (That day, poc-ing tho i)i»no ojionud, ho nuked me as a groat favour to play for him ' I Bhall sing ' Highland Mary ' for you ' Ho eat behind mo, but as thero wn a looking glttBB in front of me I could bco his fac-», and WRn eui-prieed at the strong emotion it be truyed; his face grew ahnoat white, wh'leloavs stood in his bluo oyes. Thu golilon lionrs on angola' wings Flow o'er mo and my doiirio ; ' For dour to mo as Ufo and light , Wus my Bweet HinUlaud Mury. : ' Jib, laeoio I ' he exohiimod, ' what a treat to hi ar you tiog 1 You haro the vdioe of an angol,' ??' ? ? ? ' ; liang'Ye bnnks and braos of B^nnio Doon.' Tho handkerchiof was in oonstsnt r.iijuisi tion ; I h- a-d him sob out loud, ? ' You have moved mo, lanio, to the core ; ( rsrnct stand any moro ; it brings baok too strongly tho days of auld * lang sy ne ; so you must pity the Borrows of a pjor old man ' \- llo lclt mo looking greatly agitated and with red eyeB, promising to return iaaoupleof deyp, at the game hour, for a three hour bittiig .. Qho cbil!s nnd troublo I hnd over this por trait cannot bo described. Some days it was fearfully like, then I would put touohes here and theio and tho likeness would vanish. I did not with to Tender merely tne features of the man, but had sought to bring out bit inner chnrootcr. 'I never siw so puinst»Hnj[ a la«fio,u ho ro marked ono day; ' jou aro so ubsurbod, do much in cornoet, you surely must tuooeed ' . . '.' I hope and want to do 10, itfr Cameran, but you aro a diffloult subject. ; it is tlu expres sion which I find difficult to render. Just now the portrait is p*sjing through a varioty of et[ajt[gtrulappallitg'r . ; ? ?Qhataftprnoon as Mr. C imeron was depart irg my brother cam? in. I ssi* liim oasting a supercilious look through tho oyo glass at my' sitter. . ?;, 1 - ; . 'Well,' Jack romarked with his bynioal smile, ' i cannot, eongrstuiata youoa the'be»uty of your fitter;, ho lo^ks like a oittle drover. And nlial a noso, by Jovo I I cxpsot he i» load ? of thowhiily boltle.' ..,' ., , : . ' ; . ? , He went into my sLudio and, g»vo Teat to a, loud gnffttw. , - : ? ? ' ''Vtell, Crsu a, you have succeeded: th.s is hideously, brutally liko tho old covo. It would do for h sign post for a oountry inn, a drunken .? ilenue, or mine host with a tankard of beer aid a Jong olay pipo ; but it is vulgar.' 'Do yon think so ?' I exclaimed, vory de epondriit ; ' is it a failure, Jack P' 'Ko, it is too like,' mid he laughed again ; '? but tht-ro is auoh a thing as bttiug too true; jou have softened nothing. Sow Unit note is an »x-ct rendering of the original, pimples and colour.' Thcit night I wns in dsrpair. I took the protrait to niy bedroom, pluced it on tho eutoi faciug iny bed, hoping that on awaking next nioruitig atlor a refreshing sleep I should are what who wron^ »-,d whuro I could ' flatter, anci tone down defeoti. . I had a iiiglitinur« th.t right, j tha portrait seemed til ft t ot hn (gr« with at least Imlf-a dozun Bvoilni, ^crtbiiioa ;;o:uo 1 liud a dim J-cnm i ,n i.f getting out of my bed, lighting a candin, feiohing my pnltltc and Inu.-'tics,' min in my nocturnal gajn.1 nts iii.d u-. 1-c |j, painting on tho picture Sext juojntt.g th» houit-mvld cime into the room rith the i ot. ww, 'Oh Mies!' eh-; ii.l.i'iied, 'what has happened (0 tlu- picluro? lb is all surLs of co:ourr-, chit fly blue uud yt-llow, aud looks like a coi pit1. ' li, it is drcudful ! ' 1 tat up. What did 1 b.-o ? Tho portrait indeed locki-d like a di composed curpso. ' 1 must ht.vi) wurked at it in my sleep, fc'ufan j you B.e my pate tie u full of cjlour, nid my brushes have puiut on them. It is too, too vixutiou6—» hat shall 1 dp? Get me the lurpeiitine which is in iny studio ' Wh.n I got the turpentine I managed to (ffuce the noi:turnnl B'.imnaaihulistia nork; bat the fates were against me, and I wept bitterly. Was IhiH picluro goiug to bo a failure ? When Mr -.ameron cams for his sitting he noticed my dej cted appearance, and asked me it anything hud happened to annoy mo. ' 1 have a headache' (What would we poor women do without our headaches ? for they cover such a multitude of tins and omitBiona ) 'You worry yourself too much ovor this portrait ; 1 feel ashamed of the trouble I am giving ] ou. 1 had no notion that portrait paint ing vas so difficult.' 'Tcb Iain in a 'Slough of Despond.'' I toruped and scumblod. After an hour's work the old ghost reappeared, und, Btrango to Bay, looked better than it ever did before— thoro w.*s a pleasant surttco to work on. Mr. C'umeron waa mow silent than unual, but hifl eyes rested on mo with great earnestness, and his manner w:-s very symp-ilhottc. 'Tou are a very baidwurkiug lodiio,' he ox claimed, ' aud 10 gified. I shall bs torry when thu si. tings are over, for 1 havo enjoyed your a ricly too much almost.' ?'Tim have been very patient, Sir. Cameron, nnd now 1 am going to give you a few daya' hoiidny in Older to allow your portrait to dry thoroughly.' On leaving that day Mr. Cameron hold my h&sd; longer than usual, 'rind sighed. Poor old man, I felt really sorry for him. He was lonrly The ntxt day being Thursday, I went to the Kational Gallery, and Bet to work on my oopy of Anriea del --arto. His face teemed morj biauliful thun ever. That dny's work refreshed ard comforted me, Thut evening I received a lettar from Harold, trlHr/g mo he had something important to 8;iy to me. Something important ! M.-tt probably he wbb going to havo n living, and if so our marriage would soon tiko place. The next morning a magnificent bauquet of roEes was left at tho door fur aiis Ward How nico of dear Harold to be so thought ful ! I mentally oxclaimod, while sniffing tho glorious roBss and enjoying the bright foatt 01 colour. Tho bouquet was wrapped in silver lace, and round tho stem I saw for tho first time a ca:d, which had escaped ruy notico. 'From Mr. Donald Cameron, with his very kindest lcgurda.' Oh, so it wa- not from Harold ! But how kind of Mr. Cameron ! Now I must really flatter him. Taking up the portrait, I did my roiy best to put in a benevolent expression. I mellowed down the noso and toned down the w*rm colouring of tho faoo, and managed, in a measure, to give the expression of benevolence The bluik coat looked too now to be artistic, tl.eehirt- front bulgedoutlikoufatpigoon'sbreajt, and tho coral etuds wero too prominent; the bands wero not well pointed, but the carbua-jle ling was a triumph of skill. When Mr. Cameron appeared agiin, Ifaacud hel'okrd tbinnot and psler. I thanked hi:n for the bouquet ' Ah, linBin, no moro thanks ; if. h is bosn a real hiipDinecs ; I wish you would accept fl'.wcrB from me every morniug. I long to Jo eomotliing that might give you pleasure. I really don't know wliutlam to do when this poiteil is ovir ' 'You astonish me, Mr. CUn.-ron, in regret tiop the Mttiugs uro over ; most poople consider sitting ;or a portrait Buch a bare ' 'Ah, eo ; not to a charming, young, gifted cieutui'6 like you. Sou must rcincmbor 1 uin a lonely old mun, and seldom find my way inta tho tocitty of young ladies.' ' Would you like another prop at your por trait ?' I said rather bruequoiy, for i wishsd to put en end to the personal turn the con versation was taking'. ' ?ou have iUttered mi,' ha ramarkeel, aftar looking at my performance for a fow seconds in silcnco ; ' but never mind tbat I like to think thht you hav-- seen me in suoh a kindly light.' ' tihttll I sing for' you, Mr. Uamaron? Jfou havo sat long onoujjh for mo to-diiy ' 1 went to the piauo. and while I was looking for fome music in the rack Mr. Oirarron sat down on the music stool. ?' Are you going to piny for mo?' I askod, t tniiiEK at him. ' I bhouid liko to hear you sa niuoh.' 11 0 did not nnawcr, but turned round and roucd on tho stool, mopping the perdpiration from his face with u. scarlet handkerchief. Tin re wjs a queer expresiiivn in his fusa ; evidently ho was suffering from a sovora attack of nervoubnesa. lie whirled round and round liko a tee totum; the Btool oreakod and groaned undsr Lib heavy weight; his eyes wove wild bnd rolled about feai fully. I hourd hia voice, but it wub so husky I 'oould barely distinguish tho following woidB: ' i am a lonely, elderly man, but that is no reason why I should not have a heart, and 1 mutt tell you that.' (now the utool gave a trimendoufi squeak) 1 lovo you -;es, I do. Will yon givo mo tome hopo ?' A loud knock at tho front door ' Oh, M-. Cameron, ploaio don't eay any thing n-ore on this aubjoet j it ia really too painful ;' but before I could say another word Mr Cameron was iprawliug un tho floor ; the si ool had given way. Bur old walked in end wo were locked in each other's arinB, bub I dis engogid mysrlf-quiokly. ?? - ? ' Ob, Mr Cauieron, I am eo sorry ! Aro you hurt? Ho has been sitting for his por trait, Harold.' I gniped out. Harold, wha vms a very shy youog man, coloured up ; ho had hot noticed the prostrate form almvBt lying at my feet ''*'h; allow mo to help you; the stool has given way, I si-o,'.' exoiaimed Hurold^ 1 could not look at Mr. Camsron, for I felt how wretchedly ill at case ho must ho. 'I am n little faint,' he muttorod, golfing up, butthofrosh air will eet mo up; I am goirg- wh-ro ia mj hat?' I saw the hut ; ho had p'.t it on tho ctal scuttle. Evidently he did net know what he was doing. '.'.'?.. 'Oh, Mr. Oamsron, don't goyot,' I said ; ' you'have hud a shako.' This munio-stool is not in good, order. I urn so sorry ; do etay a little longer' ? 'Vo, I m\iBt go now, Miss Ward, I have slaved t^o long ; but allow me to cjngratal*;o you on jour good luck,' addressing Harold. Whilo hi; baok w-ia turned I rescued his hut from the coal- ecuttlo . 'Now, Mr Cameron, hero i* your hat, bnt I won't, givo it to you till you tdl mo when you will, kindly comofor one moro sitting, for 1 havo not done jutticit to your oxpreseion --o l:us bicii fucli, a patient Bttttr,' I roniurtnd, sueulting to Harold. '' Aro wo not friends, Mr. Cameron ?' ' ; . - 1 God jbJits you both. I with you ? ovory hoppineis,' mid before I know what ho was abbut bo bad pulled his hat from iny hand, and wt» on tho doorstep. 1 nover told Harold, or, indeed, anyone, that Mr. Cameron had p.' ?Dosed to mo; I felt firioved and uneasy. Hi-.d I boon guilty of flirting or misleading in any way tint kindly it tn who was 10 lonolj ? I aincorely hoped he wou d gft eomo suitnbl«, Lice wo :ian to be his wife, for I =QS almost young enough to bs his grnnddaughter. A few dajB aftor this last enisodo I roo?iv«d tho followinp note f.om Mr Oame-on : — BeHr Mi-B Wnrd,— I fl H Hint I mnnt loave IiondOT imnicdlittelT. TI1010 lfl un uccohfiity for m-tio Rive jouanATlierBit.thiKi aft I n«i I'Oifectly Butisfi^d w.th tlioiioitmitj'on btive pahitoit of. « e. I havo ordorod a Venetian tnimnimcl pinto kIiibs for it ; tho (rumor will call in a oouiilo or Onyu. Fleuto accept the enclosed cheque (or £100. I don' t think £'60 could io.-sii-ly repay you for the troubla nnii nniioty jou ha 0 bad ; and na jon are Koine to bo married a littlo monoy ia alwms nsofiil. It you fibnnid havo timo to Bparo, I should mnuh liko you tu nccopt another otniinisalou frumnio. t «., a dup'.iaito of tho piotnro you were oopjinu at the NMionnl Gnllor^ when I flrst moi you ; I nbould lllto to hare it f-r my araning.room in Moutlvni. With iny best wlslcs for jour wolfurc— Yours, sinco rfy. D0.ML1I CAURRO.V. I srnt the copy of Andrei del S.rto to Vlr. C'cnirrcn. Xbreo uionths Iatrr 1 was married toiiurold, and we went to live in a pretty Tillrg' in DcvocBhire. Tho money I earnod In m Mr. Cameron vas cenainly a help ; but it. in tver Mith a mature ot pleasure nnd pain 1 li- ink of my first fitter I Never since have I bcrn spied to paint a portrait profeesional'.y.— 'Bdgravi*.' 