Boys' Column EXPERIMENTS nr. CHEMISTRY, FIREWORKS, &G.; (As there is some danger in performing tricks of this hind, they should be managed with extreme caution, and on no account be attempted by very young and inexperienced persons. J l.—TO OBTAIN FIRE FROM WATER. Throw a small quantity of potassium on he surface of a little water in a basin. Imediately a rose- coloured flame will be produced. Any chemist will supply the quantity for several of these experiments for a very small sum. 2.—TO GIVE A PARTY A GHASTLY APPEARANCE. Take hijlf a pint of spirits, and, having warmed it, put a handful of salt with it into a basin ; then set it on fire, and it will have the effect of making every person look hideous. This feat must be performed in a room. 3.—THE FIRE AND WINE BOTTLE. Procure a tin bottle with a tube nearly as large as its neck, passing from the bottom of the neck to the bottom of the bottle, in ' which there must be a hole of a size to cor-' respond with it. Between the tube and the neck of the bottle let there be sufficient space to allow you to pour in some wine, whiGh will remain in the bottle outside the tube, Begin the trick by pouring a glass of wine out of the bottle, through which a confederate will thrust a burning f uzee into the tube, so that, at your command, fire is emitted from the mouth of the bottle. As soon as the fire is extinguished,or withdrawn, you can take up your bottle again, and pour out more wine. 4.—THE FIERY FLASH Let a quantity of minute iron filings drop upon the flame of a candle from a sheet of paper about eight or ten inches above it; as they desend into the flams, they will enter into a vivid arid sparkling combustion. 5—TO BOIL A LIQUID WITHOUT FIRE. Put into a thin phial two parts of oil of vitriol and one part of water; by stirring them well together, the mixture instantly becomes hot, and acquires a temperature above that of foiling water. 6.—TO PROCURE HYDROGEN GAS. Provide a phial with a cork stopper, through which is thrust a piece of tobaccopipe. Into the phial put a few pieces of zinc, or small iron nails; on this pour a mixture of equal parts of sulphuric acid (oil ©f vitriol) and water, previously mixed in a tea cup to prevent accidents. Replacc the cork stopper with the piece of tobacco-pipe in it; the hydrogen ga3 will then be liberated through the pipe in a small stream. Apply the flame of a candle or taper to this stream, and it will immediately take fire, and burn with a clear flame until all the hydrogen in the phial be exhausted. In this experiment the zinc or iron, by the action of the acid is dissolved,thus taking the oxygen from the sulphuric acid and water; the hydrogen (the other constituent part of the water) is thereby liberated and ascends. 7.—TO COPY WRITING WITH A FLAT-IRON. Mix a little sugar in the ink which is used for the writing. Lay a sheet of unsized paper (that is, soft white paper) damped with a sponge, on the written paper, and passing lightly over it a flat-iron", moderately heated, a copy may be easily taken. 8.—TO MAKE FRINGE APPEAR ABOUT THE FLAME OP A CANDLE. Procure two pieces of plate-glass, moisten two of their sides with water, put them together, and look through them at the candle, when you will see the flame surrounded by beautifully coloured fringes. This is the effect of moisture intermixed with portions of air, and presents an appearance similar to dew. 9.—TO PRODUCE INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT UPON ICE. Throw upon ice a small piece of potassium, and it will buret into a bright flame. 10.—TO MAKE PAPER FIREPROOF To accomplish this, dip a sheet of paper in a strong solution of allum water,and when dry repeat the process two or three times. When it is thoroughly dried, you may put it in the flame of a candle and it will not burn. 11.—TO MELT LEAD IN PAPER. Procure a very smooth ball of lead and and wrap it up in a piece of paper, taking care that there be no wrinkles in it, and that it be everywhere in contact with the ball. Hold it in this state over the flames of a taper, and the lead will be melted without j -: jj ipor oviiiiif ourtit. The lead, when one; fused, will in a short time pierce the paper, and, of course, run through. 12.- •TO MELT STEEL AS EASILY AS LEAD. With a pair of tongs and pincers hold a piece of steel in the fire till it is red hot, then touch it with a stick of brimstone, when the contact will cause the steel to melt and drop like a liquid. 13.—A LIGHT THAT BURNS FOR A YEAR. . Put a stick of phosphorus into a large dry phial, not corked, and it will give a light sufficient to distinguish any object in the room when placed close to it. If the phial be kept in a cool place, where there is no great current of air, its luminous appearance will be retained for several months. 14.—FLAME EXTINGUISHED BY GAS, Place a lighted candle in a jar, and let carbonic gas be poured upon it from another jar. In a few seconds the flame will be extinguished, though the eye is incapable o£ observing that anything is being poured out. 15.—THE TOBACCO-PIPE CANNON. Take of saltpetre one ounce, cream o£ tartar one ounce, 6ulphur one ounce; beafc them to powder separately, then mix them together. Put a grain into a pipe of tobacco, -J ., - , -, „ .. T and when it is ligbtedit will g^thefpoi^ of a — musket, —~~— i without breaking e> the pipe. r-r - By .« j putting as much as may lie on your nail in. a small piece of paper, and setting fire to it, tremendous reports will be the result. 16.—PRINCE RUPERT'S DETONATING GLASS BOMBS. _ j These may be made in the following ; manner:—Drop some small pieces of common , green glass, while red hot, into cold water, i when they will assume a tear-like form. The i spherical portion will bear very rough treaty. ment, but the instant the smallest part o£ the tail be' broken off the whole flies intocountless fragments. Many experiments; be performed with these curious drops, but being attended with danger ~ are omitted ^ here. ° ' I I1r< 17.—TO WASH THE HANDS IN MOLTEN LEAD. Take one ounce of quicksilver, two ouiices of good bole-ammoniac, half an ounce of j camphor, and two ounces of aqua-vitae ; mix them together, and put them into a botazen \ mortar, beating them with a pestle. Sub 1 the hands all over with the ointment,, and , they may be put into molten lead witk im* | punitv; the metal being poured upon them j will neither burn nor scald. : 18.—TO WALK ON A HOT IRON BAR. ! Take half an ounce of camphor, dissolve it in two ounces o£ aqua-vitae ; add to it one ounce of quicksilver and one ounce of liquid storax (which is the droppings of myrrh, ani prevents the camphor from firing). Take also two ounces of hematis (that is, red stone,—may be had at the druggist's), and beat it to a powder. Add this to the ingredients already speoified; and previous to performing the feat anoint your feet well with it, and you may then walk on red hot irorf without the slightest danger. 19.—TO MAKE WATER FREEZE BY THE FIRESIDE. The curious feat can only be performed in winter. Pat a quart pot upon a stool before the fire, throwing a little water upon the stool first. Then pnt a handful of snow into the pot, and privately convey into it also a handful of salt. Stir it about for eight or nine minutes with a short stick, and the congelation will be effected. 20.—TO MAKE ARTIFICIAL FIRE BALLS Put thirty grains of phosphorus into a Florence flask, with three or four ounces of water. Place the vessel over a lamp, and give it a boiling heat. Balls of fire will soon be seen to issue from the water, after the manner of an artificial firework, attended with the most beautiful coruscations. 21.—TO MAKE AN ARTIFICIAL EARTH- QUAKE AND VOLCANO. Mix equal parts of pounded sulphur and | iron filings, and having formed the whole : into a paste with water, bury a certain quantitv of it (forty or fifty pounds, for example) . i at about the depth of a foot below the surface of the earth. In ten or twelve hours | after, if the weather be warm, the earth will swell and burst,' and throw up flame, which will enlarge the aperture, scattering around a yellow and blackish dust. 22.—TO PRODUCE FIRE FROM CANE. The Chinese rattans, which are used when split for making cane chairs,'will, when dry, if struck against each other, give fire ; and are used accordingly in some places in lieu of flint and steel. 23.—TO SOFTEN IRON OR STEEL. Either of the following simple methods will make iron or steel as soft as lead :— 1, Take a little clay, cover your iron with it, temper it in a charcoal fire. 2\. When the iron or steel is red hot strew hellebore on it. 3\. Quench the iron or steel in the juice or water of common beans. 24.—TO FILL WITH SMOKE TWO APPA- RENTLY EMPTY BOTTLES. Rinse out one bottle with hartshorn, and another bottle with spirits of salt; next bring the bottles together mouth to mouth ; both will at once be pervaded with white vapors. The vapors in question are composed of sal ammoniac—at solid body generated by the union of two invisible gases. 25.—TO MAKE LUMINOUS WRITING IN THE DARK. Fix a small piece of solid phosphorus in a quill, and write with it upon paper ; if the paper be then ^placed in a dark room, the writing will appear beautifully luminous. 26.—TO MAKE RED FIRE. The beautiful red fire which is used in the theatres is composed of the following ingredients :—Forty parts of dry nitrate of strontian, thirteen parts of finely powdered sulphur. five parts of chlorate of potash, and four parts of sulphuret of antimony. 27.—TO MAKE GREEN FIRE. Flour of sulphur thirteen parts, nitrate of baryta seventy-seven, oxymdriate of potassia t t t p fts five, metallic arsenic two, charcoal three— the nitrate of baryta should be well dried and powdered. 26.—To MAKE WINE OR BRANDY FLOAT ON WATER. To perform this seeming impossibility,take a tumbler half full of water, and placing a piece of thin muslin over the top of the same, gently strain the brandy or wine through the muslin, and it will remain on the top of the water. * 29, To MAKE BEAUTIFUL TRANSPARENT- COLOKED WATER. The following liquors, which are colored, being mixed, produce colors very different from their own. The yellow tincture of saffron and the red tincture of roses, when mixed, produce a green. Blue tincture of violets and brown spirit of sulphur produce a crimson. Red tincture of roses and brown spirits of hartshorn make a blue. Blue tincture of violets and blue solution of copper give a violet color. Blue tincture of cyanus and blue spirit sal ammoniac, colored, make green. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and brown lye of potash make yellow. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and red tincture of roses make black. Blue tincture of cyanus and green solution of copper produce red. 30.—To SUSPEND A RING BY A THREAD, AFTER THE THREAD HAS BEEN BURNT. Soak a piece thread in common salt water. Tie it to a ring, not larger than .a wedding ring. When you apply the flame of a candle to it, it will burn to ashes, but yet sustain the ring. 31.—THE MAGIC ILLUMINATOR. A vessel containing a certain white powder is placed upon the table, when the operator advances, waving his wand aud uttering some magic words coined by himself, when, lo 1 of a sudden the room is lighted up with a brilliant light, so effulgent that it dims the eyes of the spectators 1 The powder is com posed of equal weights of loaf sugar and chlorate of potash, separately reduced to fine powder, and then well mixed together. Place the mixture in a cap, and when the powder is touched with the least drop of sulphuric acid it will instantly burst into a flame. The end of the brass rod should be dipped in the acid immediately before use, 32.—To MATTE A BRILLIANT LIGHT FROM STEEL. Pour into a watch-glass a little sulphuret of carbon, and light it; hold in the flame a brush of steel wire, and it will burn beautifully. A watch-spring may also be burnt in it. 33.—CHEMICAL EFFECT OF LIGHT. Wash a piece of paper in a weak solution and water; d^ry, and then wash it withastrong solution of nitrate of silver dry it in the dark, and, when dry, expose it to the sun's light; though colorless before, it will now soon become black. A picture may be made by placing a dried plant, a bit of lace, &c.;, upon the paper previous to its exposure to light. 34._To PUT THREE LIQUIDS IN A GLASS AND DRINK EITHER WITHOUT DISTURB ING THE OTHERS. Make a strong syrup of white sugar and water, put ifc about a third up in a tall glass then pour in carefully some milk, which will float on the syrup ; then on the top of the milk put some port-wins, which will float on the milk. Now you may undertake to drink either of the lower liquids without disturbing the wine, by taking a straw and putting it carefully into either the milk or sugar, and sucking it up through. o_ „ ' 3o.—FOUNTAIN OF XIRE Add gradually one ounce of sulphuric acid six ounces of water in an earthen basm. Then add three-quarters of an ounce oi «ia-nulated zinc, with a few pieces of phos- phorus the size" of n ^ Gas bubbles will be immediately pr.uaced, which take fire on the surface of the effervescing liquid, and the whole surface of the liquid will directly become illuminated; fire-balls and jets of fire will dart from the bottom through the fluid with great rapidity. 36.—THE PHIAI, OF THE FOUB ELEMENTS. Take a phial, six or seven inches long, and about three- quarters of an inch in diameter- Into this phial put. first, glass coarsely pow. dered ; secondly, oil of tartar per deliquium; thirdly, tincture of salt of tartar ; and lastly, distilled rock oil. . The glass and the various liquors being of different densities,, if you shake the phial, and then let it rest a few moments, the three liquors will entirely separate, and each assume its place; thus forming no indifferent 1 resemblance of the four elements, earth, fire, water, and air; the powdered glass (which should be ,of some dark color) representing he earth; the oil of tartar, water; the incture, air; and the rock oil, fire. 37.—FLASHES OP FIRE FROM WATER. Pour a little clear water into a small glass umbler, and put one or two small pieces of hosphuret of lime into it. In a short time lashes of fire will dart from the surface of he water, and terminate in ringlets of moke, rising in regular succession. 38.—To MAKE THE HANDS AND FACE LtranNous. Put a piece of phosphorus, about the size of a pea, into an ounce or so of ether. After a time, portions of the phosphorus will dissolve, and if the hands and face be rubbed with this solution, which is perfectly harmless, the operator will seem on fire, and in the dark would pass for a respectable ghost. 39.—To PLACE A TEA-KETTLEFUL or BOILING WATER UPON THE NAKED HAND WITHOUT INJURY. Whilst a tea-kettle is boiling upon the fire and for a few seconds after its removal, a layer of steam exists between the bottom of the tea-kettle and the water which • it contains. Now, the layer of steam in question is a bad conducter of heat; wherefore the tea-kettle may be taken direct from the fire and laid flat upon the hand without giving rise to any disagreeable perception of heat. have heard the success of this experiment attributed to a disposition of soot upon the outside of the tea-kettle. This is an error: a perfectly clean tea-kettle, heated over a charcoal fire, which deposits no soot, may be handled as described above. 