FUN AND FANCY. Mighty poor dogs sometimes make, fine sausage meat. She—‘ Indeed, Mr Dawbin, yours were the only pictures I locked at in the 1 xhibition.’ Dawbin—‘All. yon flat ter .’ She—‘No. The others, you know, were so surrounded by the crowd.’ ‘ What is Smith doing now ?’ ‘He is travelling with a circus.’ ‘ Pretty hard work, isn’t it ?’ ‘ No, be has nothing to do except to stick his head in the big lion’s mouth twice a day.’ ‘ Down f said the feather merchant. ‘Yes, ma’am, we have.pillows filled with down. Will you have, Eider or Arctic down? ‘ Eider will suit me,’ said she, ‘ I don’t care which it is,’ . The Exact Difference.—‘Gentlemen, I introduce you to my fiiend, who is not so stupid as "he appears to be.’ Intro duced friend, with vivacity ; ‘ That’s precisely the difference between my friend and myself’ A Fair Inference.—Art dealer ; ‘Yes, that was painted by one of the old masters. Hut I beg your pardon, you must not loach it with your umbrella.’ Old Mr Hardplayer : ‘ What’s the mat ter 1 ! Ainfc it dry — Pitch. ‘ Eugenie, will yon still insist on wearing the hair of another woman upon your head ?’ * Alphonse, Alphonse, do you still insist upon wearing the skin of another calf upon your feet ?' : A Western exchange says lliat there are 2G9 furnaces in blast, turning out 90,000 tons of pig per week. What with patent hen hatchers, celluloid egg companies, and concerns for blasting pigs, it would seVnj that the farmers of this land were strongly in need of protection. In Whateley’s time the great circu lating library in Dublin was Mr Mor row’s, and the most popular preacher was a Mr Day. ‘ How inconsistent,’ said the archbishop, ‘is the piety of cer tain ladies here ! They go to-day for a sermon, and to-morrow for a novel.’ ‘ A physician says that a sealskin sacque causes more colds than it pre vents. This physician knows very little of female human nature if he supposed that a woman’s object in wearing a seal skin sacque is to avoid taking a cold. Bho wears it to kill her leas fortunate lady friends dead with envy.—.'orris town Herald A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled out to the cook, ‘One lamb !’ ‘ (ireat Scot, Mister?'cried the countryman, ‘ I can’t eat a hull lamb; gimme some fried oysters instead’ ‘One fried,’ bawled the waiter. ‘ Well, Methuselah’s ghost! Mister, one fried oyster hain’t going to be enough. Gimme a dozen of ’em. Burn these city eat in’ places.’ ‘ You know that sweet little sculp tress who has a studio on Fifty-seventh street ?’said young Prettiboy. ‘ I met her at Mrs Pinchbeck’s last night. She, completely turned my head.’ ‘So ?’ said the judge, thoughtfully; ‘ I knew she modelled in clay, but I didn’t suppose she worked ■in wood at all. However But young Prettiboy, who is no ass if he does not look nice, had started to walk’around the block and think it over,— -Brooklyn / aylc. ‘ Wonder where Splashpen gets the big words he uses so plentifully’in his writings?’. ‘-Out of the dictionary, of course.’ ; ‘ That, accounts for it. Ha used three words in ten lines the other day, of which I did not know the meam. ■ing.l went to the dictionary,- but they weren’t; there. Probably,, as you suggest, Splashpen had taken them.’ ‘ How do you dike Miss; Lilliwhite ?’ asked Brown .of Fogg, who had just waltzed with the lady; ‘ don’t you ad mire her conversation ?’ ‘ Yes; replied Fogg,’ ‘she talks well’ enough, but, between you and me,’ brushing his whitened coat-sleeve, ‘ she’s a little floury.’" ‘ Wliat’s the first thing you-would do 1 Jones, if you were stung : by a hornet ?’ asked bmith. who had been reading atv article on the" treatment 'of stings.- ‘ Swear,! replied Jones solemnly. And the conversation thereon ceased, ' ' 