'IMoveUst PUT ASUNDER: ? OR - ? LADY CASTLE MAINE'S DIVORCE^ By BERTHA M. CLAY, . AUlItOH OF ' Ills ONE JIISIAKE,' ' TUROWS OS TOE WORLD,' 'A STIlOaaiK FOR A RUfO,'- 'A BtlXBB ATONEHEKI, ETO.' CHAPTER XXVII. (Continued.) ' pronounced Donhsm House to be the finest mansion in London. It had certainly the IsigeBt conservatory and the mo3t extensive grounds. The night ol tho fit,', tho May moon was shining brightly — so' brightly as to form a beauty in itself no art could imitato ; the yellow lamps, half bidden in tho trees although they wero liko golden stars, had no Euoh light ob tho lady-moon— a crescent moon rising in a blue night-sky. Ah 1 what is it to be wealthy ; to bo able to surround one's self with all that there io ol the most beautiful, the moat exquisite ; to be able to make a fairy-land even more lovely than that whioh tho fairies make for them selves. 'To havo tho power of oarrying out every beautiful idea that comes to an artistio mind. Lady Denbnra was able to do this. Lady Denham or her guests were able to walk from the great drawing-room, where the hangings were ot white-and-gold.; through the smaller room, where tho hangings were of palest blue, and where two of Claude Lor raine's finest landscapes hung; through n third room, where was every luxury that art or money could prooure ; through tlie magni ficent ball-room, with its painted ceiling, its fine statues, and grand decorations ; through the great domed conservatory, whore flowers of tho riohest color gave forth tho most fra grant perfamo ; through tho cool green fernery, where tho light was ditn, and tho constant Bound of water dripping from tho rooks was heard ; through to the green lawn, whero tall, noble trees lent their shade, and pretty foun tains threw their silvery spray high into the air — a petfect fairy-land. It bad all the eharm and beauty of a town residence, combined with many of tho advan tages of the country. The place above all others for a masquerade. One could imagine a golden-haired Uiulino among the rock-worlt, the cool ferns, and the tiny silvery fountains of the fernery. One could fancy Juliet, Rosamond, and Viola in the con servatory, flitting daintly among the bright blossoms, just aB one might fancy royal women sweeping through that superb suito of rooms. The roll of oarriagea was like tho distant vibration of thunder, on Iho night of tho fete. Vast crowds had assembled, honing to catch even one glimpse of the brilliant figures that emerced from them. Tho house was liko a paradise of flowers and lights. The brilliant rooms were not crowded, but they were well filled with guests. Never was Bceno more beautiful, more dazzling. Mary of Scotland, in her coif and veil, with a silvery rosary chining in her black velvet dress : the royal Elizabeth, iu cloth of gold, and a jewelled crown ; Kr.tlic.rina of Valois, fair of face and stately of mein ; Katherino of Medicia, magniliccnt and imperious ; Joan of Aro. tall and fair ; Marguerite, with a wealth of golden hair ; Cleopatra, with the imperial robes of an empress. On they swept, that imperial procession of women. Every epoch . -, history, every figure most remarkable in art, in fiction, in poetry, was there. Uodine, looking as though she had just risen from tho fountain; Beatrix Cenci, Amy Bobsart, I)i Vernon— a brilliant, yet, in some rospeots, a motley crowd. i, Italian peasants, Italian brigands, Frenoh chevaliers, Spanish grandees, gipsies, Swiss mountaineerB. Some of tho gentlemen wore tbo richest and most picturesque nf dresses. There was Richard Ccour de Lion ; tho Blaok Prince ; at leaFt four Charles's. Ono of the most striking figures in the room was that of a Kmglit Templar in tho picturesque attire of his order. ' All wore masks, and no mask was to be re moved until supper-time. The disguises woro good and well sustained.- Lady West lako, who represented a Water-Lily, talked for twenty minutes with Oswald Clyde, the poet, without recognizing him, although he was dressed ae a Troubadour, and she talked afterward about tbo Troubadour Bhe lind met at the ball, and Bhe declared that the one longing of her life was to meet him again. Lady Heathers weut as Flora MucDonald, and was one of the mosfranimated figures in the Econe. Troubadours, fairies, gipsies, all in one mad whirl. The Knight Templar was conspicuous i among tho men, and a masked figure callcd i tho Snow Queen was conspicuous among the I women, tall and dazzlingly whito.' A slender i figure, whioh waB tho perfection of girlish grace— a perfect Snow Queen. Her dress was ; of white velvet. The snow was represented -i by the finest and whitest of tho swan'a down, ; the lowlea by diamonds ; tho rounded white :- armB bare to thj shoulders, the gracoful neck I clasped by a necklace of what looked like i frosted diamonio— so wbito, so virginal, so { dazzlingly beavtiful, eo radiantly fair, that S the Snow Queei was pronounced on nil sides i tho greatest suffices. 5 Another very beautiful figure was called ; Dawn. This wis also a tall, graceful figure, ?- dressed in pale -oso-colored tulle, in which ; were finest flecki of gold; diamonds formed ? so as to present a crown of starB graced a / beautiful, queenlj head. Dawn wbs olosely ? masked, ond woia her disguise well. The i Snow Queen was Lady\Oastlomaine. Dawn ; WP- Isabel Hydo, Loiu Castlemaine wore ? piotuiesqaa dress oi, a Venetian noble ,{DBB. 1 Tlio only person who seemed to rcoognizo Lidy CoBilemaino wan Lady Ik-ntherc. 'I . should know you,' shu whinperod, ' whore others would fail ; you arc taller than niott of the ladies present, and I should know you anywhere by the enrriugo of your head. I shall not botray j oil,' sbo uddetl, ' though I am going to take .advantage of tho matko and speak my mind to eevcral people to night.' 'Thst will not bo an unusual luxury for you,' was tho laughing reply. ' It will bo in tho fashion. I shall do it to night,' tho answered. ' I think tho chief beauty of a masquerado in that for onco one mny say just what one lilies.' No ono seemed to recognizo Lady Castle maine. As (ho hours passed tho sccno grew mere brilliant ; tha lights seemed to prow . brighter. . Tlio scenes wero lilto fairy-land ; an nrtist who could havo sketched nomo of ? thoso group?, would havo mado his fortune by the beauty of his paintings. There was ono group that drew much at tention; Undino, in her white dress end whito w ater lilies contrasting with Mary Stuart, in her rich velvet dross; tho Venetian noblo in hio superb, costume of crimson volvot and point lace; . Thoy wero only together for a fow minutes, but no picture oould havo been moro beautiful as the dancers danccd together, as tho differ ent groups formed and reformed, it seemed as though all tho different colors of the rain bow met, and.broke op, and broko away into a thousand gleaming lights and shades ; whero thq rudiant Snow Queen stood, or danced, or sat, sho scorned to make tbo light brighter. The ICuight Templar walked about restlessly ; he . had not yet penetrated tbo secrets oi the different disguises. Ilis attention had been drawn for some timo to tho Snow Queen ; ho half-imagined that it must bo Lady Castle maine— she was tall, nnd had Buoh a peculiarly proud carriage of her hoad. Ho smiled as ho thought to himself that it was hardly wonderful that ho Bhonld not know her whon her faco was hidden, for all the time he had passed with her had been spent in watching tho perfection of that face. If it wero Lady Caatlcmaino, ho resolved upon beguiling lier'into a long conversation with him. He would porsur.de her to ga into tho conservatory, where tho flowers breathed suoh rioh perfume, er into the cool, green fernery, whero tho moonlight was brighter than the faint glow of tho lamps, and he would see if the future hold any hope for him. Ha seemed to have como to his senses with a sudden shock. It was characterifltio of him that tho first great, real love of his life should be for tho wrong person. He never thought of checking or controlling hia love because Lady Castlcmsiiio was married. Marriage, the sanctity of married life, tho holiness of the man iago tic bad never formed the slightest barrier between him and his desire. Iio hardly gave it a ? thought. It was tho first tiuie in hia life that ho had fallen deeply, passionately in lovo, all his othor pursuits had been fancies— the foolish pursuit of pretty faces ; this was a very different matter. Tho pride and the coldness of Lady Castlemaine only deepened his love. If tho would have flitted with him, havo en couraged hiin, have given him smiles in re turn for his profuso compliments, all would havo been well, but abo was ' a goddess in the clouds.' Sho liked talking to him, sho con sidered him a great hero, Bhe enjoyed his stories and his anecdotes, she thought him one of the most distinguished of men, but she never deigned oven to listen to compliments, implied flattery, or implied love-making, it was that that muds tho pursuit of her all the more piquant to him. The man who had broken go many hearts, who had ruined so many homes, who had blighted ao many lives, the man who had for gotten that tho true test of a soldier is not only his bravery in the battle- field, but his reverence for women— this man had fallen in lovo at last, and, as a matter of course with a man like himself, had fallen in lovo with one whom he could never marry. CHAPTER XXVIII. 'riCTur.ES from the masquerade.' Picture the first, in a group of tall, slender palms in tha'4 background, noatling at their feet a group of rich Indian blossoms, scarlet in colour, shaped liko a ball, fragrant with rich odours, that belong to flowers of the East. A group of tall whito orchids on one eide, a magnificent mass of stephanotison the other, between a prettily covered iron seat. On it sit the beautiful figure already known through tho room as Dawn, in the charm ing blush of pule rose and gold, and a tall, aristocratic figure in tho dress of a Venetian nobleman. Lord Castlemair.o not only had no taste for flirtation, but he despised it ; lie considered it, and had tho frankness to say so, alwaya the refuaa of a weak mind. ' When- a woman has few charms of mind,' Lord Castlemaino was accustomed to observe — 'whon she lucks intelligence, wit, and poetry, sho takcB to flirtation, becauso she can do no better. When a man lacks brightness andintel lect, ho does the same.' l''tiitatioa was a fault of whioh he had never been guilty, and for which ho bad little toler ation. There was no trace of it in his manner now, r-s lio leaned over the seat, talking earnestly to Dawn. A iainfc light reacbcd them, nnd it camo filtered through tho wbito orchids ; sweet rounds reached them, tho' Sweetheart Waltz' was boing played in tho ball-room, and from tho fernery came the sound of the rippling water as it fell from tho rocky stones to the moss-green below. ' I cannot imagine who you aro,' ho said, ' that you can say suoh a thing to me, abovo all other men.' 'Have you no idea who I r.m?' asked a low voice, tbo sweetness of whioh was dis guised by a faint whisper. ' Not tho le&st;, bat- 1 should say from your observation to mo that you cannot know much of me, and that you know still les3 about my r.l'fiiire.' - ' So you imagine,' said beautiful Dawn. ' Is thero nothing familiar either in my faco or figure ? ' He looked at her onriotiBly. ' The light is so faint,' ho said, 'and you speak in a whisper. No, I havo not the lonat idco whoyou are.' _ ' I am surprised,' eho said; 'yet I have lived in tho world long enough not to be surprised at anything. Do you think any dis guise would prevent you from knowing your own wife ? ' 'No, none,' he replied. But then, yon noo, she is my wife. That just makes tho differ ence.' 'And I ought to have boen,' thought beautiful Dawn to herself, ' I, and no other.' 'If you do not know mo,' bo said, ' it was a startling remark to make; 'if you do not know me, the_retnnrk is ovon more strango.' 'I am not quite sure,' she said, 'if I re member -what my remark was.' ' So much tho bettor,' ho answered. ' It ahowa, at least, there was no meaning in it.' ' Will you mind telling me what it was ? ' Eho asked, slowly. 'You said that I wan happily married — yet I had not married the ono woman in tho world who loved me beat.' Sho drew a beautiful bough of tho whito orchids to. herself and bent hei face over thom. ' How Bwcet they are 1' eh a eaid. ' I am sore that orchids must have grown in the gar den of Edon.' ? 'Never mind tho orchids,' he said, draw ing the white bloom from her. What did you mean 7' ' Givo mo your lmnd,' sho said. 'Nay, draw off your goldcu broidored glovo, or it will bo of littlo lite to me.' Ho did to, and phc-.d boforo her a strong, finpplo white hand — tbo clean, honest hand of nu upright man. S'io touched it with licrs, ' L?t, inn see it moro plainly,' eho said, parting with tho other hand tlio branchca of tho orchids, Khe looked at it long and steadily. Tho ewcct, rir.d numio of tho ' Swcetheait Waltz' cams from tho balhonm, and tlio ripple of water from the fernery ; thero wero no other sauiuls. It seemed to hor that ho miint hear tho quick healing of her heart. She hud never held his hand in hor own ao long before. While eho held it, sho repeated tho vow that Ghe had whispered to tlio whito Ijlaos. Then suddenly she let it fall. ' I am a fortuno-teiler, r.Ilc-r a fashion, ' sho said, ' a fr.shioti that holds good in tho Moorish camp, and among tho ?gipsies of Spain.' ' Sho cannot possibly bo n Spaniard— sho Bpoaks English too well'' ho thought. 'And what has tlir.t to do with my for tune V' he asked. Sho looked at him thoughtfully. ' Your fortune has interested mo. I know yon, although you do not recognize mo, and what I read in your faoo I havo read now in your hand. My ideas aro confirmed.' From tho white orchid and tho stophnnotis camo a great gust of perfr.mo ; the ripplo of tho water was sweeter and stronger' ' Aiid your ideas (ire ? ' . ' Just what I Baiil,' sho interrupted. ' I'irat that you did not niarry tbo ono woman in tho world who loved you best ; aud now iu your hand I rend all. It is better not to speak about it.' . ' I should like to know,' lie persisted. ' Woll if tho old Moorish teaching bo right, it is not good fortuno that lies in that strong white hand of yours.' Ho smiled. ' Whatiortuno does lio thero?' ho asked. ' Tell me.' ' A ead ono,' Bhe replied ; ' Thero is a sudden and violent termination to tbo lino of love, and thero aro some terrible lines of pain.' ' What do you doduca from that ?' ho asked. ' Nothing,' eho replied ; it is for you to draw what deductions you will.' ' I draw none,' he replied ; ' I havo firm faith.' His heart beat and his face flushed as it- al ways did v/hen ho thought of hia beautiful Gertrude, whom ho should lovo unto death. ' You will remember my words some day,' nhn o»M ' I hope it will bo only to laugh ot them,' ho replied. JuBt thon tho musio ceosed, and several peoplo camo into tho conservatory. Dawn suddenly roso and shook her long skirts ol palo pink and flccka of gold, and before lie could say more, eho had vanished from among the Blender grocn palms and left him there. Picture the second.— The pale crcscont moon i.i rising in dork sky, and its light penetrates into the cool green fernery, where tlio lamps, liko palo golden stars, are half hidden by tho green leaves, where tbo ferns grow strong and moist, and the rippling water falls from tho ftones to the solt springing moss. A sub dued light, ns of pale gold, lingers thero. In tho midst of tho rook-work there stands a tall fountain, tho spray of whioh rises high in tho air, tho musio of which, as tho spray falls into tho marble basin, is soft and sweet to tho ear. By the fountain stand some elegant bamboo chairs, easy and luxurious as chairs ran be. In ouo of thom sila tho whito- nnd radiant Snow Queen. She looked bright nnd attrac tive enough in tho ball-room ; but hero, in tho soft light, among tho tall feathery ferns and the ripple of running water, sbn looks dazzling, the one ccntie of white and light in that ocean of green. Sho lies back thoughtfully in her chair ; tho snowy robea form groeefui billows around her and Bweop tho ground ;itho light /nils on tho diamond stnra, nnd tremblea in tho dia mond iciolea ; her lovely faco is pale ; she has removed her glove, and laid hor hand in tho dimpling, restless water of tbo fountain. A Bhadow falls over tlio green ferns and tho water, and the tall figure of tho Knight Templar draws near. He etands for a fow minutes in silenteonteinplation of what seems to him the most charming picturo he has ever beheld. ' Evo in the Garden of Eden was never one half bo fair,' ho said to himself. Then ho went up to tho bright white figure. ' The Queen of Snow,' lie said, with a pro found bow. ' Would that I wero a Knight of tho Frost and tho Ice.' ' You look much better as you are,' replied a laughing voice. ' Supposing,' ho said, ' that you had some very fragrant rosea, and you tried to hide thom between green leavoa, so that no one could discover them, the perfume would bo sure to eteal through tho leaves and betray the roses.' ' Quito sure ? ' was tho laughing reply. 'If ft bright, golden star was Bhining, you could not, unlesB you closed your eyes, help seeing it ? ' ' Certainly not,' was the answer. ' If the sweetest rnuaio was otcaling softly round, you could not help hearing while your eors wero open and your senseo alive. So, so,' ho continued, passionately, ' you may hide tho fair loveliness of your face, you may disguiso the tone of your voice, but I Bhould know you among ten thousand. You aro Lady Castlemaino, and you havo rightly called your self the Snow Queen.' ' Just as you have called yourself a Knight Templar ; you are Colonel Lennox.' ' You make mo the proudest man in tho world,' he said. ' I have not given you much reason for sud denly occupying such a very exalted position,' sho said. ' You are always satirical to me,' he said. ' And you will persist in being Bentimontal with mo,' she replied/ 'You aro oruel to mo,' ho said. 'The flowers that lie on your heart aro happy be cause you breathe on them ; they lovo tho fresh, sweet water dimpling round your fin gers ; they must bo happy becauso you caress them, whilo I, who would give my life for a smile, or a kind word, con never win either.' She roso from her seat, a dazzling white figure, tall, haughty, and erect. 'I am Lady Castlemaino,' she said, 'and you aro Colonel Lennox, but I am halfin clined to forbid you ever to enter my presence again.' ' Why ?' ho cricd, despairingly. ' Beoauso I do no not liko thoso labored compliments of yours. I deolino to bo com pared to roEes, or musio, or stars.' ' I will never do it again,' be said : ' never.' ( 'You promise mo most faithfully?' she asked. ' I promise, on my word,' he replied. ' Then you can sit down here, and we will go on talking.' i And with a careless grace Bhe resumed her seat. i Picture the Third. — In the great drawing- i room of whito nnd gold Lady Heathers, as Flora MacDonnld, Bits leaning languidly on a dark velvet chair. She was talking most con- i fidentially to a handsoroo man who wore the dresa of Sir Walter Raleigh. 'Yes,' Eho was saying, 'I havo enjoyed tho first part of the evening better than I shall the second. We aro to unmask at supper, then, bo far bb I am concerned all the pleasure of the night is over. I havo enjoyed some things exceedingly.' ' You always extract plenty of amusement from everybody,' eaid her companion. 'That is ono happy faculty I envy you. » I have been talking to tlie poet, and he picl not know me. I had the pleasure of abusing hia poems, hia thomos, and hia ideas to his faoo, win'ob, you will admit waa a treat to mo.' ' I oan well imagine that it waa so,' ho an swered, slowly, 'Iio will nover Buspoct. Poor Oswald I We aro very good friends to all outward ap poarances; but I havo ofton longed to give him a bit of my mind, and now lio has had it.' And Lady Heathers bogan to discuss tho characters of tho evening. 'Ilmvofound out the ICnip.ht Templar,' sho said. ' That handsome, bravo, grai;elens Colonel Lonnox. How tlio poet hates him I' ' llu ia sure to do ra. 'I'Lis man who wrote ' Tho Lavra of the Lilie-i' w;u!d never toler ate a limn of tho Coloni;l'« m i' .up.' Then Siv Walter li::l-.ig!: bent hid bend, and whispered to her. Lady Heather* listened with a sorrowful ex pression of fucu. ' No,' Bhe replied, ' I ht\d not heard.' 'Not a whisper?'1 asked hor companion. 'No not even a whisper,' said Lady Heathers, ' and I am with liar every day.' 'Havo yoiieeen him with hor?' ho a3ked. ' Yob, continually. I havo been at Neath Houso onco with him.' ' And you naw nothing ?' ' Lobs than nothing. Lr.dy Castlemaino is too proud and too cold. Sho will never bo talked about.' ' But nho is talked about. Lord Merton told mo.' ' I do not bslievo a word about it, Ramem bor,'_ Bhe added, raising one whito finger warningly to him, ' no tciitidal about Queen Elizabeth.' He laughed, and moved away. Picture the fourth, and t'i-\ Uist. — Beautiful Dawn, standing in her room atone, still flushed with triumph. ' He did not know mo,' sho was saying to herself. I ontne from under tho samo rosf. True I did not go thore in the samo carriage. I have pierced his heart, and ho will never suspect mo, I am nearer — to the ond.' CHAPTER XXVI. TIIB wife's TIlOE OUAnnUN. Lord Castlemaine wai just a littlo puzzled; not suspicions, but puzzled. He had nothing to be suspicious ovor. lie waa in the reading room of his club, his face and head hidden by a oopy of the Times , on which ho was intent. Two_ members of tho club, both woll known to him, came in and eat down close to him, without perceiving him. Thoy had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, aud thov continued it now. ' There i3 nothing in it,' said one to tho other. ' I know her well. I am euro thero thore is nothing in it.' ' It is seldom you find smoke without fire,' said the other. 'I do not know, I feel suro this is sll smoke. How many euch rumor3 aro born nnd die in a day.' This was spoken by Sir Ilnrvoy Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of thing;. Colonel Charters, who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything. ' True,' ho replied, ' but I think thero ia generally some cause for thom. I am sorry in thia case, for I havo a sincere liking for !'ne lady, and the husband too.' ' I do not believe it,' said Sir Harvey Hopo. ' 1 know them both, husband and wife, and I do not think there is a happier pair in London.' 'I must admit the fame thing,' paid the dark-minded colonel ; ' whenever I have seen them together thoy havo seemed most united, most devoted to caoh other. . I was utterly astonished.' ' But what did you hear,' asked Sir Harvey, ' only foolish rumours?' ' I heard tho same old story — that ho had gono mad over her.' ' That is not her fault,' interposed Sir Harvey. ' She cannot bo blamed for that.' ' Certainly not ; but knowing the character of the man, she should not givo him the ..lightest encouragement. When lie was in England before, there was always some Beandal or other about him.' ' That i3 not her fault either,' interrupted Sir Harvey. 'True; hut it Bhould make her careful,' said the colonel. ' Probably, being young i-.nd -.inacoustomed to tho world, she known i.x-thmg whatever of tho evil tide of his reput-ition, nnd only knowa him as ono of tho braved ofiicera in Eng land.' ' Then hor husband should look after her,' grumbled the colonel. ' I have no patienco with the men of to-day ; they Bit by, in silont inactivity, while their wives go straight to ruin. I cannot toll what they are made of.' 'This io rather a sweeping assertion,' said Lord Castlemaino, laying down his paper, and looking both aentlomen m the face. They could not have been moro horrified if they bad suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey's ruddy faco suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in hia ngitation, almost dropped his cigar ; but Lord Castlemaine was serenely unconscious ; he had not tho most remote idea tho conversation had been about him; be would not have believed . it if either ol them had sworn it. 'That is a Bweeping assertion, Charters,', ho said again ; ' and, do you think, quite de served ?' ' I am sorry to say I believe it to be per fectly true. I am amazed nt the indifferent, callo'ua fashion in whioh huabandB soo young and beautiful wives launched on tho very eea of fashion, dissipation, and excitement, and inako no effort whatever to help keep thom safe. I say that it amazoa me. A huaband should be the guardian of hia wife.' Sir Ilarvoy Hope laughed ; but his life waa not a bright one. _ I ' I do not think many wives would like that notion,' he said. ! Lord Castlemaine remarked : ' I am proud of tho reputation the Castle mainea havo always enjoyed, of being good husbands.' The two gentlemen looked at eaoh other. Their eyes met, but thoy Bpoke no word. ' It wonld be indiscreet,' he ooutinued, ' to ask of whom you wero speaking ?' Sir Harvey admitted that it would. Tho Colonel was silent. 'J oould not help overhoaringithe conversa- tion,' he said, ' and it is no matter of mine —no busincsB whatever of mine; but if I understand you lightly, rumour ia busy with tbo name of Bomo young and beautiful young lady.' Tho two frionda looked at eaoh other - Btrangfly. ' That ia it,' replied Sir Harvey. _ ' That same man doEcribea himself _atf going mad about her, whilo Bhe ia a married woman ? ' ? ' True,' nodded the colonel. He wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less said the better. ' If Bbo is married, she lias a husband to to tnko caro of hor, I suppose, and to keop all suoh men at a distance,' said Lord Castle maino. Bothgentlemen nodded, but did not answer. The situation, to say tho least of it, was piquant and peculiar. ' I should very quiokly decide what to do in his oaBe, be ho whom he may,' continued Lord Castlemaino. ' If ho has dared to apeak in that way of any married lady, let hor hus band take up her defenco. There is no need to whisper it in cornors. Let her husband find a whip with a strong lash ; then let him 3osk out the coward who has Bo spoken of his wife and laeh him in pnblio. One or two suoh examples would cure euch sooun drels of trying to^ make lovo to other men'i wives,' j Again tho two gentlemen looked helplessly ono at the other. ' That is tho right thing to do,' added Lord Castlemaino. ' To quarrel with auah a man ia to enoourtigo him ; to fight with him would bo to dignify him. Tho right thing ia to horsowbip him.' ' How cau you horsowhip a gentleman?' naked tho oolonel, helploBBly. ' A gontloman I ' repeated Lord Castle maino, with infinite scorn. ' We aro not apeaking of gentlemen; wo are speaking of oowarda and traitor?, who havo no roapeotfor' women, nnd no roepect for the honour ofthofr follow-men. We do not cnll suoh persona ' gentlemen.' I wonld brand audi men, I bo lievo ;' nnd Lord Caatlon?aino'a face ahonc with a noble light as he spoke. ' I believe in tho sanctity of marriago and in fho honour of women.' ' A noblo fellow,' thought the colonol ; ' but what a situation I ' ' Curious things will happen,' ho said, aloud, ' Tho world is pretty muoh what it has alwaya been. The sins of Adam and Evo, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, aro - our sina.' ' We may all bo sinnora,' said Lord Castlo maino, ' that lioa between us and our God; wo may all bo at tbo same timo loyal and honeat men, that lies between us and our fel low creatures.' Colonel Charters rose from hia Beat and yawned as volitely as noaeiblo. Sir Harvey imitated him as 'quickly. Lord Castlomaino wondorod why thoir interest in tho subject died so soon, and why thoy seomed in suoh a hurry to loavo. ' I am going your way,' said Sir Harvey to the colonel ; ' shall wo go together ? ' Tho two gentlemen left tho olub together, arm in arm. ' Of all tho strange things,' eaid Sir Harvey, solemnly, ' That is tho strangest. To think that wo should have gono into tho vory room whore ho was, havo taken seats near him, yot not havo noticed it was he.' 'And to think that within sound of his own ears we should havo discussed his wife and Colonel Lennox.' ' Ho has not tho faintest idea of whom we wero speaking,' said Sir Harvey. ' Not in the least,' replied the oolonel. ' 16 would not havo bcon a pleasant hour for us if he had dono eo, and it would have been harder still for Lennox.' ' Yob,' said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile j ' even his victories in Zululand, the Vic toria cross, and all the honours he has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip.' (To he. cr.niimic.n.. ) i 