Race Meetings. Victorian Amateur Turf dub. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting at Caulfield on Saturday was a highly successful gathering. The weather was fine, and there was an excellent- attendance. The fidds were largeand the raping was good throughout. The principal race of riii- ri«y ?ma tti- n»ld-»[-li which was wonby WilliamTelleomewfaateasily. He was then backed for all tne money on the Newmarket Handicap at 10 to I, and then at 100 to 12, offered. Israelite, , who ran Kfmnnii. recnied to 108 to fi for the same -event. The fol lowing are the results : — Handicap Huodeb.— l£ mile. Mr. O'Brien's Vanderbilt, 9st. 41b. (Battee) ? ? 1 Mr. J. Cohen's Royal Maid, List. 12U-. (Ferguson) ? ? 2 Mr. J. D. Uobertson's Mistake, list. 61b. (uill) ? 3 Insolvent, Deringa, Sinking Fund, Fusilier, Chatsworth, .Mirth, Footman, Equity, Boa Bon, Magnolia, Cervantes, Coolyte, and Veraet also ran. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Vanderbilt, 6 to 1 v. Royal Maid, 7 to 1 v. Insolvent, Sinking Fund, and Chatsworth; 10 to 1 v. Vernet and Fusilier. The field got off to a good start : the order at the stand was Deringa and Sinking .Fund, together with Fusilier, Chatsworth, Equity,, and Royal Mud, following, in that order, Bon Bon end Cer vantes bring last The same order was maintained up tha bill ; then Fusilier ran up third. Ai the far turn Deringa held aslightleadof Sinking Fund, and Mistake was fourth. Along the side of the course' Royal Maid improved her position, and as they raced along the back Fusilier and Deringa were at the head of affairs. Royal Maid entered the straight first, followed by Mistake. Vanderbilt, who was on the inside, came with a fine rush opposite the stand, and catching Royal Maid, who was tiring, defeated her by half a length. *Two lengths separated Royal Maid and Mistake ; Chatsworth was fourth, Equity fifth, and Insol vent sixth. Time, 2 minutes 54| seconds. Ckit*bionSiakb8— i furiocgs. Mr. J. D. Robertson's The Nun, 8«t. STb. f Moore) ... 1 Mr. ft. MrnAll'a1»wtwi1|ftib iah-|'l\im'Hn«) IH ... 2 Mr. S. Miller's Mvmwyrtiiia, Bat. 61b. {Oldes) ... „ ? S; Dividend, Damocles, Gadfly, 'Minniia.il, St. Paul, Donald (late General Gordon), Agtaos, Eiogfisb^ fiiiJi. worth, J&sptammite;, nod Master Jomi also ran. J Betting: 2 to 1 v. Master John, 6 to 2 v. Aglaos, iOtol r. Nan^Damoclfig, and Donald, and IS to 1 v. St. PauL ; Muck difficulty was experienced at the start, and there' wereseveral breaks away before the field got mto motion, , The Nun and St. Paul got away as well as anything, ; ymgfiWfi ar being- Lut off. At die torn Munwyrtina Was at the head of affairs on the outside, 1 Iff'*'- John, the Nun and Mistral being in the leading division. Riehworth led -into die straight, but at the distance The Nrm came to the front, and won by three-quarters of a length from Mistral, with Munwyriina third. Time, 1 minute seconds. Oakxeigh Handicap — 5 furiongs and a half, Mr. M. C. iloyian's 'William Tell, 8st. 101b. (Olds) ... ... 1 Mr. J. Crosier, j oil's Israelite, 8st. 91b. {Weazlel ... 2 Sir. R. G. Sadliei^B STlrcr Mine, 7st. 91b, (Robertson ? S Coronet, The Ghost, Plausible, Ironmaster, Londo, Fair Ellen, Juanna, Xantippe, Duke of Athol, Oakleigh, Umbra, Breeze, Salvo, Autocrat, Leporelio. St. Albert, Highland Chief, Olalume, St. Odille, Delamia, UnCas 2nd, Seaweed, Islander, Millstream, Mia Cara, also ran. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Israelite, 6 to 1 v. Xantippe, 7 to i v. Breeze, 8 to 1 v. Oakleigh and Dukeof Athol, 8 and 10 to 1 V. others. Some time was wasted at the start, principally owing Tfo the anxiety of MUlstream to get away, when the flag dropped they got away on even terms. Coronet showed In front, but as they raced by (he sod wall Breeze was leading with Silver Mine next. Then followed Xantippe, Salvo, and William Tell. Delamia assumed the lead at the turn, and took, them Into the straight, closely pursued by Breeze, William Tell, and The Israelite. In the straight William Tell made an effort, and, dashing out in front, won by two lengths, Israelite and Silver Mine being dose together, Delamia fourth, and Mia Cara last. Time, 1 minute ££ seconds. Handicap Steeplechase. — 2£ miles. Mr. B. Miller's Studley, lOSt. 61b. (Watson) ? t Mr. W. Dalrymple's .Euchre, list. Bib. {Ferguson) ? 2 Mr. G. Russell'* Sailor, lOst. filb. (M'Gowan) ? % Lady Ashton, Morvon, Pride, Progress, Hard Times, EUmlette, and Patchwork also started. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Studlev, 4 to 1 Morven, Lady Ashton, and Euchre, 5 to 1 . Sailor, Pride, and. Progress, 7 to I Patchwork. Lady Ashton was the first to get away when the flag went down, with Pride next. Lady Ashton led over the first fence, followed by Pride, Sailor, Morven, and Euchre. Lady Ashton improved her advance, and as they ascended the hOl she was leading Pride by four lengths, with Sailor and Euchre next, Studlev bringing up the rear. Except that Lady Ashton got further away from the others, there was not much alteration in their position at the back. At the logs Hard Times fell. Lady Ashton was about four lengths ahead of Pride at the sod wall, Patchwork being third, half-a- dozen lengths in front of Euchre. A1 the next Lady Ashton camc a cropper, hut picked herself tip again, wnfl took several jumps without her rider. Pride lod into the straight for the second time, with Patchwork and Sailor next. As they passed the stand the order was Pride, Patchwork, Progress, Euchre, Studley, and Sailor. They kept the same order at (he side, and Pride was three lengths in front of Studley, at the hack, with Euchre next, followed by Patchwork and Sailor. At the sod wall Pride tell, and Progress and Patchwork followed suit. The only ones left in it after these accidents were Studley and Euchre, and Studley won pretty easily bv two lengths. Ma lone, who rode Pride, got his left forearm fractured, but the other riders escaped without serious injury. Time, 5 minutes 47 seconds. Samara Race — 5 furlongs. Mr. J. G. Rcid's Gold Top, 7st. 41b. l Sanders) ? 1 Mr. C. H. T. Hart's Jpcular, 1st. 71b. (Cope) ? 2 Mr. A. R. Robertson's Dirk Hatteraick, 8st. 71b. (Foon) ... 3 First Light, Nuncio, Snip, Squireen, Broils, Straight Shot, Stonebroke, Pan, Yiolet, and First Pop also ran. Betting. : 3 to 1 v. First Light, 5 to 1 v. Squireen, 6 to 1 T. Gold Top. Gold Top got away as well as anything, and showed the ?way at the start, with Nuncio and Violet next. At the sod wall Brella was alongside Gold Top, with Squireen and Jocular next. At the turn for home Gold Top had a slight advantage, Dirk Hatteraick, Snip, and Violet being dose up, followed by Squireen. In tne straight Gold Top came to the front, and won by two lengths off Jocular, Dirk Hatteraick being close up with the leader. Squireen -was fourth. Time, 1 minute 3 seconds. The winner was bought by Mr . ? Weekes for £150, all of which went to the club. Jocular was also claimed, and went to Mr. B. Gray at the upset price of £150, Hawkesbubn Handicap— mile and a distance. Wc. G. Wilson's, jnn., Ringmaster, 7et. 91b. (Moore) ... ... 1 j Mr. H. Baylies' Gipsy's Warning, 6st. (Gorrie) ? ... 3 ] Sir. O. Bamet* s Lesbia, 6st. 101b. (Tomlins) ? 3 - Grace Darling, Duration, Don Quixote, Irralee, Bohemian, i Dunlop, Napier, Mentmore, Hilltop, Hew Yore, All Gold, i Uncas II., Ditto, Genoe, and Liberty also rail. Betting : *5 to 2 v. Duration, 5 to 1 v. Gipsy's Warning, ; £ to 1 v. Itingmaeter, 8 to 1 each v. Irralee, Dunlop, and - iieshia. The start was a good one. Lesbia was quickest on her \ legs, followed by Napier, Ringmaster, Hilltop, and Genoe, -with Duration last. This was the order past the stand, but after making- f]xe turn Liberty wait to the front, having ; three lengths' lead of Lesbia and Gipsy's Warning, with : Irralee and New Yoik next them. At the back Liberty 'was two lengths in front of Gipsy's Warning, followed by IJesbia, and then after an interval came Ringmaster ana Duration. At the sod wall New York showed in front, fol lowed by Gipsy's Warning and Ringmaster. Gipsy's Warning' led into the straight, followed by Lesbia, Ring master, and Irralee. A great race ensued up the straight lietween Ringmaster, Gipsy's Warning, and Lesbia, which resulted in a neck win for Ringmaster {from Gipsy's 'Warning. Lesbia was -third, Irralee folirth, New York ] 'fifth, Ditto sixth. Time, 2 minutes 26 seconds. i 