MARJORY GRANT'S PROTEGE. [From the Youth's Comvanion.] Willie did not cry, or even seem to dream of crying; he only opened and shut his big blue eyes very often, and his ruddy cheeks got a trifle ruddier, while Marjory trembled with anger, which, however, she had the prudence to remember she had better not expresa. 'Good morning, Mrs. Lo wry,' she said a3 pleasantly as she could. 'I have brought you two little frocks f or Beenie and Betty [this was a stroke of policy of the wily Mrs. Grant], and here are some sweeties for them. What big girls they are growing, Mrs. Lotrry !' said Marjory.. ' Big enough to be a bother, miss,' was the reply, in a slightly mollified voice, as she teBted the quality of the little frocks between her moist, steaming, coddled fingers, and found it good. ' And that little idle rascal there jist gars, them get into mischief , bo he does ; I'm fair moithered with them.' 'Oh well, Mrs. Lowry,' then said the astute Marjory, ' I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear tbat I want to take Willie off your hands for at least an hour every day. I'll teach him his lessons if you'll let him come, and there'll be at least one less for you to look after,' Nothing would have induced sulky Mrs. Lowry to say that Willie was too useful to her to be spared, beside she did not wish to offend the ' leddies at the big noose,' towards whom her gratitude took the common form of a deep sense of favors to come, so with an ill-grace she agreed that Willie should daily attend Mar jory'B private class of one, every morning at 10 o'clock. So Marjory departed happy, and next morn ing began her school. On fine days she chose for her professorial chair the front door-step3, that lay wide, smooth, and warm in the summer sunshine, but if the weather would not allow of such ' al fresco' teaching, Willie was ad mitted to the sacred precincts of the house keeper's room. Marjory found him a most intelligent, eager little pupil, and was amazed at the rapidity with which he mastered the mysteries of the alphabet, which he repeated with such an energetic shout that every letter became a dis syllable in his mouth— 'A— er, B— er, C— er,' and to on to Z — er.' The first day of lessons Marjory told him she was so pleased with him for being good and attentive tbat she was going to give him a bread and jam prize, but though his broad honest face beamed with smiles as he took the great slice of bread, liberally spread with fragrant raspberry jam, he never offered to eat it. 'Well, Willie, what's the matter?' said Marjory; ' don't you like it ?' 'Op ay, mem, I like it fine, but Fmbidia' for Beenie ard Betty, mem,' replied he. Anxious to see what he would do with it, Marjory followed him down the shrubbery, ruidway through which she saw him begin to trot as fast as his little bare feet could carry him, to meet his two unprepossessing nurslings, who were stumping solidly together along the path to meet him. 'Hey, Beenie, wumman, hey, Betty, wumman,' cried he, 'siccan a fine jelly piece as I've got to us a',' and holding out his dainty he made one solemn infant and then the other take a big bite, and then, and not till then, did he take one himself. 'He is a little hero,' thought Marjory to herself. 'Who could have looked for such generosity, such self-denial, in an ignorant, illused, untaught little fellow like Willie ? I wonder if I shall teach him anything better,' thought she. 'Mother,' she said, when she got home, ' cook is quite right. That is a fine bairn, and a real fine bairn. I shall be proud of my pupil, you will see, when he grows a man.' After Marjory bad got him through his alphabet, she bethought her it was time she began some moral and religious instruction. So there came a day when, the last 'z — er' having been vigorously shouted, she asked him — ' Willie, did you ever hear of God ?' ' If a, mem.' ' Or of heaven ?' 'Na, mem.' ' Did you ever hear of the devil, Willie?' ' Oo, ay, mem, he an aufu' biff, black nton.' This on examination proved to be the ex tent of Willie's religious knowledge. Marjory's first efforts with him were scarcely encourag ing. Having endeavored to impress on him such elementary truths as that God made him, the heavens, tbe earth, and the sea and 'all that in them is,' Willie made great round eyes of wonder at her and exclaimed — ' My ! mem, God must be an awfu' big neon ! What a sight o' porridge he maun sup/' ' O Willie !' Marjory hastened to explain, ' God is not a man, and He never sups par ridge.' . An expression of profound compassion passed over his little puzzled face, and with a sigh he said — 'Hech! puir mon, he must weary for his porridge.' Marjory thought she had better hazard no more explanations, so she proceeded to tell Willie how God took care of him and of every body, and watched over us all, and kept us frcm barm. 'And wha watches over us when God sleeps, mem V enquired Willie, shrewdly. ' God never sleeps, Willie.' Willie looked still more profoundly sympa thetic, and with another sigh, exclaimed — ' Hech, puir mon, he maun want His sleep.' Marjory was in despair. When she told him God loved us all, ' He doesna love Wullie Lowry,' cried the child. ' He deesna ken Wullie, mem.' 'Oh, yes, Willie,' said Marjory, 'God does know you and love you. He is the great Father, Willie's great Father.' ' I'd like fine to see Him,' cried Willie. 'Wullie wants his Feyther, mem,' he added, and the little fellow's lip quivered, and tbe big blue eyes filled with tears. The teaching, however, went on, and was on the whole a great success, though Marjory made the mistake common to moBt very young teachers, of trying to cram big ideas into little heads that could not hold them. One day she had been endeavoring to teach Willie wbat faith was, but his round eyes grew rounder and rounder, and bis jaw dropped, and he stood the picture of mystification. Marjory cast her eyes around in the forlorn hope of laying hold of an easily comprehended metaphor. Two huge old stone cannon- balls decorated either end of the step on which she was seated. She took up a small pair of scissors with which she was snipping holes in the bit of English embroidery she was busy with, and said — 'Look here, Willie. Do you see those scissors ?' ' Ay, mem.' 'Now shut your eyes.' Willie screwed them up aB if he never meant to open them again. Marjory slipped the scissors under the stone ball beside her. 'Now open your eyes, Willie. You can't Eeethe scissors anywhere. I have put them under the stone. Where do you think they are ?' ' Under the stane, mem.' ' Why do you think so, Willie ?' 'Ye telt me, mum, and ye wouldna tell a lee.' 'That's quite right, Willie,' cried Marjory, jr.yfully. 'Youbelievewhat Itold you. Thafs faith. You know the scissors are under the stone, because I told you they were there, though jou can't see them. You know what faith is now, Willie, don't you?' ^Fine, mem,' answered Willie solemnly, with a much enlightened countenance. Marjory began to feel sure she had a great gift for teaching, and rewarded her disciple with a large lump of sugar, which he carefully boarded till he found Beenie and Betty, when he presented it first to one little dirty mouth and then to the other to 'tak'alick,' after which with great satisfaction he refreshed him self in a similar manner. Next morning Marjory begged her mother to come out and listen how nicely Willie was getting on. With some importance she began—* 'Now, Willie, what is faith ?' Willie's eyes shone with conscious learning, and he promptly replied — ' A pair o' shizhies under a stane, mem.' Mrs. Grant burst out a- laughing, and after a brief moment of discomfiture, so did the poor little teacher. 'My dear,' said kindly Mrs. Grant, 'a child's just made up of faith. Don't yoa bother this little head,' patting Willie's as she spoke, 'to explain it just yet. He feels it, and. that's enough for him.' Next morning, for the first time, Willie did not make his appearance at ten, and Marjory was juEt going off to the cottage to look for him, when cook came running after her, cry ing, and wiping her eyes with her apron. O Miss Marjory, dear ! here's awfu' bad newB for you that was so fond of him. Poor WeeWullie'sliketodie,'and then cook told how his uncle had come home drunk the night before, and in a fit of rage thrown his heavy boot at the unoffending child's head, and that «S j^v 'I faUen and 8carcely spoken since. ' And the doctcr says, miss,' said cook, 'as how hell never get up again.' Swiftly through the shrubbery ran Marjory, and in a few minutes waB tapping at the cottage door. _ Mrs. Lowry opened it, sullen as ever, but with her eyes very red, as if she had beea weeping. . 'Come awa' ben, mise,' said she, 'and see him. He thocht a eight of ye.' Marjory drew near the dark, close, box-bed where her little favorite lay dying — how unlike: to the ruddy, sturdy little pupil she had learned to love so well - White, white was the little fase now, and the bandaged brow gave the child the aspect of an infant Lazarus. The bonny honest blue eyes were closed, and! but for an uneasy moan from time to time it seemed as if death had already claimed his prey. Marjory, with streaming eyes, bent over him and kissed him. The blue eyes opened, and the ghost of his merry old smile flickered round the pale lips. 'Hech! mem,' he whispered, 'is't yer3si'? Ye're awfu' guid to Wullie.' Marjory could pot speak for sobbing. She only kissed the little white cheek again, and the little fellow lay quite still for some time, seemingly slumbering, and moaning in his sleep. By-and-by, once more, and for the last time on this earth for Marjory, he opened his eyes, and fixing them on her face, said faintly— 'Wullie wants his Feyther. Oo, mem, Wullie wants his big Feyther.' Through her tears Marjory began, 'Our Father who art in heaven,' and Wullie closed his eyes again. Before she had finished that prayer of prayers he slumbered again, and Marjory stole softly away, meaning to return in the after noon, but before then, 'Wullie' had found his ' big Feyther.' 