JOSEPH COOK'S MONDA Y LECTURES. NEW SERIES. No. 7.—THE CHURCH FOR THE TIMES. It is the whole duty of the Church to echo God. Wherever God acts there He iB and speaks. An echo is not divisive of the voice it represents. It has no selective, self-assertive power. It repeats without diminution, interpolation, or addition. It reproduces not only the truth, and nothing but the truth, but the whole truth of the voice it represents. Any Church that echoes God's voice will be heard around the world. Not the man for the times, but the Church for the times iB the proper rallying cry of reform. No one man will ever save the world. A combination of aggressive, omnipresent Churches may. But the Churches must not exercise selective, self-asBertive power. They must repeat the message of Reality, without diminution or addition. They must exercise equal mental hospitality to severe truth and to tender truth. By what mark may true Churches be infallibly known 1 By the fact that along all the summits of their doctrines and their deeds From crag to crag leaps the live thunder of the unobstructed Divine Voice. I. What should be the doctrines and what the deeds of the Church for the times 1 Notice first the reply which this question receives from self-evident religious truth or axiomatic theology. And in so doing, summarise in a final view the organising facts and principles to the illustration of which this course of lectures has been devoted. Contact with Reality is contact with God. Co-operation with Reality is co-operation with God. The Church for the Times must be the Church of Reality, the Church of God. In Reality, at the last analysis, it is not law, nor Nature, but a Personal Omnipresent God, with whom we have to do in life and death and beyond death. 1\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that without deliverance from both the love and the guilt of sin no soul can attain peace. 2\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we affirm that character tends to a final permanence, and that a final permanence can come but once. 3\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we proclaim the necessity of the New Birth and of an atonement, and the duty of immediate repentance. 4\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that an individual who surrenders to God has new light, and a strange peace and power fiash through him. He becomes thus a telescope with a star in its chambers—a burning-glaBs kindling the fire of a new life. 5\. We are in contact with a Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that apostles, prophets, evangelists, preachers and teachers have their spiritual power from attention to all religious truth and self-surrender to it. 6\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that a company or community of souls surrendered to God becomes a telescope with a star in its chambers—a burningglass kindling the fires of new lives. 7\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we call such a company or community a Church in which God dwells—a peculiar people, zealous of good works. 8\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that against a Church founded on the cans and cannots of the very nature of things the gates of Hell cannot prevail. 9\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that a Church thus founded has unity, catholicity, perpetuity. 10\. We are in contact with Reality, and we know that we are, when we say that outside such a Church there can be no salvation. All power in heaven and earth is given to Reality; therefore, let us teach all nations to observe all things which Reality requires, and so the power of Reality shall be with us at all times. These are the necessary foundations of the Church of God. These four alls—all power, all nations, all commandments, all times, are the corner stones of the Church of Spiritual Theism, of which I always assert the efficiency and deny the sufficiency. The Church of Reality is, or will yet be, the Church of Science. The city of Reality lieth four square. The length, and breadth, and height of it are equal. ItB twelve gates are twelve pearls. II. So much for the answer that axiomatic theology gives to my inquiry. What answer does historic theology give to it. Precisely these four alls are the corner-stones of the historic Church of Christ. I venture to affirm that the sublimest and most effective wordB known to human history are thoBe in which these four colossal alls were proclaimed as the foundation of the Kingdom of the one God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, in the Christian Church. Where, in the whole range of recorded thought, have you anything possessing such scope and sublimity as these commands P " All power is given unto Me?in heaven and on earth. "Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptising them into the one name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy GhoBt. " Teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you. " And, lo ! I am with you at all times, even unto the end of the world." (Matt, xxviii. 18-20). So cloBeB the first Gospel, and well it may close here, for the seventh heaven hsB been reached to the height of outlook : All power, All nations, All commands, All times. These four alls of ChriBt from His supreme commission to |His disciples are the four corner-stones of the Church of ChriBt. This city lieth four "square, The length and breadth and height of it are equal. The twelve gates are twelve pearls. I see no temple therein. The city hath no need of the ffun, for the glory of God doth lighten it. The gates of it shall not be shut at all by day. There shall be no night there. It is certain that this commission exists in the history of the founding of Christianity. It is certain the Church was founded on it. It is certain that the Church has endeavoured to execute it for 1,800 years. It is certain that the depth of the meaning of the words " all nations " was understood poorly until recent years. It is certain that the depth of the words "all commands " is not fathomed even yet. According to Lotze, the structure of the universe is not only teteological, but ethical. All power in heaven and on earth is given to ethical ends. So in the profound philosophy of the East the sacred word is OM, the supreme, name of God, In the beginning was Reality, and Reality was with God, and Reality was God. All power is given to Him Who is the Logos, Who in the beginning was with God and was God. The Logos is the essence of Reality, and all power is given to Reality in heaven and on earth. "All power is given unto Me in heaven and on earth." These are not the words of a man. The stupendousness of this commission, its worthiness of Reality, are among the proofs of its Divine origin. All power belongs to the God Who was in Christ; therefore go and teach all nations loyalty to the Father as Ruler, and to the Son as Saviour, and to the Holy Ghost as Sanctifier. This colossal " therefore " has an immeasurable scope and force. In the Triune Name is contained a Creed, but not the whole message that is to be taught to all nations. " All things whatsoever I have commanded you." These words indicate the scope of the doctrine of the Church of Christ. They include all His cans and cannots ; all His teachings as to the New Birth and the Atonement and prayer and Baptism and the Lord's Supper and the resurrection and immortality ; all His example. Reality has a very definite creed and a wholly unalterable one. So has not the Church whose creed is the creed of no creed. It is only on condition of self-surrender to all the religious truth known to the soul that the gift of the Holy Spirit is promised in all times. There is a vast distinction between the Church for the times and the Church of the times. The former is a compass, the latter a weather-vane. The former is the Church of reality, the latter the Church of fashion. The former sets its own impress on the world; the latter takes its impress from the world. Be not conformed to the world is the motto of the Church for the times. Be conformed to the world is the motto of the Church of the times. (To be continued.) 