JOSEPH COOK'S MONDAY LECTURES. NEW SERIES. No. 1.—VITAL ORTHODOXY AT HOME AND ABROAD. ( Concluded J Let me now "give the answer of the spiritual method of the intuitional philosophy to the ques tion, " What iB saving faith V' MORAL AXIOMS. There are certain truths which the soul cannot doubt. We call them first truths, axioms, intuitions. I am not now Bpeaking of instincts, nor of constitutional tendencies, but of strictly intuitional perceptions and beliefs, such as that space exists ; duration has no end nor beginning ; every change must have a cause. There are moral intuitions as well as mathematical, and we are as sure of their truth as of that of the axioms of mathematics. For instance, it is as certain that moral merit or demerity can be the quality only of voluntary action, as that a straight line is the shortest distance between two points. We believe that the whole is greater than a part, whether it be at the sun or at the North star, and that this proposition has always been true and always will be ; so we believe that sin in this world or any other can be the quality of only voluntary action." It is a moral intuition that gratitude is right. We believe that the highest good, pronounced such by judgment and conscience acting conjointly, ought to rule the will. Ought! In the constraint of that word we have the weight of the universe. Behind Ought is God. And, although I never have taught, and cannot to this hour affirm that we have direct intuition of God's existence, I do affirm that we have the next thing" to it—an instinctive belief in that existence. He lies behind the moral law. The existence of that law is an intuition, and the existence of the lawgiver is reached by a single step of inference, usually made so swiftly that we seem to make no inference at all, but to look direccly upon God. Indeed, it is a Biblical doctrine that the pure in heart see God. . Now, is it not possible for the friends of a spiritual philosophy and of intuitive truth in theology to say that, when the soul yields to all the light it possesses, it receives more according to the fixed natural laws of the soul; and that yielding to this light it receives more, until it comes at last to a confidence in God, a confidence which has as much validity as our confidence in the validity of self-evident truth itself. , . . What made Luther a rock 1 It was his intuitive, absolutely inexpungable conviction that he had personal experience of the remission of his Bins through faith. Remission of sins by confidence in God's cleansing, r.ot through works of man, but wholly by the recumbency of the penitent soul upon God's method of pardon in the Atonement, was the central doctrine of the Reformation. This brought to Luther his peace and strength, and to the Church a new life. He yielded to the truth, and found more truth ; and the sense of pardon that came to him was a sealing, a Divine adoption, and it made him the conqueror that he was, and that every man baB been whose confidence in God has been such as to lead to corresponding conduct. Standing here within the domain of the intuitional truths, may it not be maintained, face to face with what we have juBt established on the basis of axioms, and as a fact of spiritual experience, that the soul yielding completely to God in genuine repentance has an answer in more light and in a sense of sonship 1 Even when the aoul is without a knowledge of the historic Christ, may we not say that God, in His mysterious methods of grace, may sometimes whisper to such a BOUI pardon, and give to such a spirit regeneration 1 I am here on holy ground. He who spake as never man spake said that any word against the Son of Man might be pardoned ; but that he who has blasphemed against the Holy Ghost would have no pardon either in this world or that to come. This influence of the Holy Ghost in the depths of conscience is universal among men. It is the holy of holies in the history of God's universal government, of all natural revelation of His will. The universality of Christianity as a redemptive system is to be found in the universality of the influence of the Holy Spirit, which is Christ's Spirit. I would not exaggerate the capacities of the intuitional philosophy, but I hold that he is depending on a shrivelled doctrine of conscience, and a shrivelled philosophy of the intuitions, who is not willing to assert that God touches us, and that when we yield to Him utterly He will give us peace through regeneration. I do not know how often BUCII yielding has occurred outside the range of the knowledge of the historic Christ. If it has occurred, 1 hold that God most certainly has given answers of consolation to the soul; and that thus salvation has occurred, not by the knowledge of the historic Christ, but by that Christ Who is the Word, Who was in the beginning with God and is God, and Who illuinineth every soul that cometh into the world. I hold that salvation reached in this way, through a regeneration obtained by total, affectionate, irreversible self-surrender to the best that the BOUI possesses outside of Christianity, is not salvation through the New Birth and by the Atonement, even without a knowledge of the hishoric process of the Atonement. Let all who teach the contrary doctrine remember the terrible words : " He that blasphemeth against the Holy GhoBt hath never forgiveness." Some of our newer theologies are in danger of such blasphemy. FAITH AND TRUST. The moment we turn to the Holy Word we find that faith and truBtare in some sense interchangeable as terms. In the Old Testament the word trust covers very much the idea that the word faith does in the New. And what does trust mean in the Old Testament ? Confidence in God with corresponding conduct. "Trust in the Lord and do good, and verily thou shalt be fed." As Archdeacon Hare said, one would need to quote the larger part of the Psalms if one were to cite all the passages containing reference to the Divine trust. The poverty of the Greek language to express religious ideaB current under the Hebrew theocracy, the poverty of the Latin language to express the same ideaB, the poverty of our own language, have misled many as to the meaning of this almost fathomless word faith. The central element in it I hold to be confidence in God. How do I justify on exegetical grounds such a position 1 We read that faith works by love, and purifies the heart. We read that there ia in faith such a connection with thingB unseen that it may be called the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. We read that, with the heart, men believe unto righteousness. Martin Luther was always saying : " Faith means fiducia; " that is, confidence in a person. Fiducia meant as fidis did in one of its uses in the Latin tongue, credit in the commercial sense. You believe in a person, that he will act fairly and honestly. You may not know by sight where his fortune is; but you give him credit, in the mercantile sense, and that faith is the evidence of things not seen ; it is the substance of things hoped for. Faith, in the Biblical sense, extends the secular application of the word to the relations of man to God as a person; and when the full Biblical scheme is taken into view we find that the definitions^ the Scriptures, accurately summarised, are in principle precisely those of axiomatic religious truth, and of the intuitional philosophy. Saving faith, understood in its full Scriptural sense must be defined as nothing less than confidence in God as revealed in Christ and leading to adoring self-surrender to Him as both Saviour and Lord. Mere confidence of an intellectual sort that God has spoken to man, is belief which the devils have and tremble. But such confidence in God, with adoring self-surrender to the dictates of the message, is the faith that works by love and purifies the heart. We find, therefore, that whatever elBe, according to the Scriptures, faith must mean, it cannot mean less than it means according to the intuitional philosophy and the axiomatic religious truths. It must mean the total, affectionate, and irreversible surrender of the soul to that God in whom the soul has confidence. There are some men so benighted and belated that they think, if they on their death-beds wrench their souls up to a belief that Christ was God, or that God haB spoken to man in the Scriptures, they are saved. The black angels believe those things. We must not only believe that God and God in Christ are Saviour and Lord, but become affectionately glad that they are both. There are some Christians who think that if they are affectionately glad that Christ is their Saviour, and lean upon Him as such, they have faith. But He is to be taken in all His offices. He is to be received both aB Saviour and Lord ; and, until we affectionately receive Him as both, we have not honestly received Him as either. We must, therefore, agree with John Calvin, for instance, in this language : " The assent of faith is of the heart more than of head, and rather of the affections than of the understanding." We must say with Jeremy Taylor : " Faith of a Christian has more in it of the will than of the understanding." We muBt say with Professor Charles Hodge: " If it is asked whether it ia Christ in all His offices, or Christ in His prieBtly office especially, that is the object of justifying faith, we must answer that the believer receives Christ. He takes Him as his wisdom, righteousness, sanctification and redemption ; and if this complex act of apprehension and surrender were analysed it doubtless would be found to include submission to all His teachings, reliance on His righteousness and intercession, subjection to His will, confidence in His protection, and devotion to His service. AB He is offered to us a Prophet, PrieBt, and King, as ouch He is accepted." It would be very easy to make similar citations voluminous. I might quote passages until midnight from the creeds and symbols ; but I limit myself to taking here and now, not the definition of saving faith from the Westminster Confession, but that still more vital passage in which assurance of faith is spoken of, because that passage connects itself with what I have been Baying of the certainty we have of the validity of self- evident truth. How is it that we attain this assurance 1 Have we in our intuitions, in our personal experience, anything that proves that God toucheB us as a Saviour, has pardoned our sins, adopted us and sealed us ? Such, according to the Westminster Confession, is the Biblical truth. They who "truly believe in the Lord Jesus," says this famous symbol, " and love Him in sincerity, endeavouring to walk in all good conscience before Him, may in this life be certainly assured that they are in a state of grace, and may rejoice in the hope of the glory of God, which hope Bhall never make them ashamed. This, certainly, is not a bare conjectural and probable persuasion, grounded upon a fallible^ hope, but an infallible assurance of faith, founded upon the Divine truth of the promise of salvation, the inward evidence of those graces unto which these promises are made, the testimony of the spirit of adoption witnessing with our spirits that we are the children of God; which spirit is the earnest of our inheritance, whereby we are sealed to the day of redemption." The Confession goes onto say that " this infallible assurance doth not so belong to the essence of faith, but that a true believer may wait long, and conflict with many difficulties, before he be partaker of it; yet, being enabled by the Spirit to know the things which are freely given him of God, he may, without extraordinary revelation, in the right use of ordinary means, attain thereunto." Now, my question is whether, joining the teaching of the axiomatic religious truths and of the spiritual method of the intuitional philosophy, we are not brought up to just this high ground of personal assurance of adoption from on high ? If so, why may we not lift up our theistic friends and all defenders of the intuitional ethics to the plane of this infallible assurance 1 They may not hold all we do concerning Christianity. They may have that the theologians have called holy faith in distinction from saving, evangelical faith; but we believe and we rejoice to proclaim that all who have yielded, in affectionate, irreversible surrender to the best they know of God as Saviour and Lord, all who have had the whisper of peace made resonant in their innermost beings, are to be treated as God's temple. You are to judge whether they are regenerated or not, and to do this by external evidence, aB in the case of those who are within the pale of evangelical Christendom ; but if there be regeneration, we hold that man is saved through an atonement which undergirds him, even if his views of historic Christianity may not quite agree with ours on all points. We are no sticklers here for metaphysical niceties, but this we do affirm, that confidence in God, total, affectionate, irreversible allegiance to Him as both Saviour and Lord, is that without which, in the very nature of things, no soul can have peace. The overwhelming evidence that God has spoken to man in Christ, that He has made a revelation of the way of salvation through this teacher sent from God—this evidence is so super-abounding, that we feel that he who will not receive it is not candid; and we are in doubt concerning the men who live within the pale of evangelical Christianity, whether they are honest ' with themselves if they are not ready to give Christ the throne over their souls. We are not putting forward here the idea of holy faith as enough for you who are within the domain of historic Christianity. But if beyond that domain men have had it, if Plato had it, if Socrates had it, it was this confidence in God which leads to adoring allegiance to Him, it was affectionate obedience of the soul to its best knowledge of God, and its acceptance of Him as both Saviour and Lord, and would develop by God's grace into full faith the moment evidence is presented. It led to regeneration, and so, through the atonement, saved the soul that did not know the historic processes of God's pardon. I, therefore, claim that the scientific method, the spiritual method, the exigetical method, lead us to the lofty tableland Jeremy Taylor described in these matchless words :— Thy throne is seated far Above the highest star, Where thou preparest a glorious place Within the brightness of Thy face, For every spirit To inherit That builds his hopes upon Thy merit, And loves Thee with a holy charity. 