FANATICISM IN AMERICA. A curious exhibition of religioua mania is reported in the cry of Cincinnati, Ohio. Some years ago the women of Ohio carried on what was called a crusade against tbe trade in intoxicatiug liquors. Many of them became fanatics. They paraded the streets in bands, took possession of drinking saloons, and emptied the barrels and demijohns into the gutters. The end of this crusade found some of these women inclined to accept the most absurd doctrines in religion. Two women living in Cincinnati, each the wife of a respectable and sensible man, came to believe some time ago that they were mem bers of the Trinity. One of them, Mrs. Martin, declares that she is Jeaus Christ, and the other asserts that she is the Holy Ghost. The Deity is manifested in theiu ia order that the world may be warned of the approach of the millennium. Around these women there is a large and growing group of worshipping believers. Young men and old, girls and matrons, accept without ques tion the crazy declarations of Mrs. Martin and Mrs. Brooks, and several men hereto fore engaged in business have abaudoned everything to follow these maniacs. A young clergyman is the latest convert. Some years ago I became familiar with the history of a similar group of fanatics who flourished in a New England city. The leader of the group was a woman named Wake man. She declared that she had spent seven hours in heaven, and had returned to earth as the personification of God to warn the world of the coming millennium. She had 30 or 40 devoted followers, who be linvaA nil tVint fiVi« said, hnt showed com mon sense in the ordinary transactions of life. When she assured them that one of their number was the Evil Spirit and must be removed, even the victim accepted his sentence, and his companions murdered him without hesitation. On the following day another Wakemanite murdered two in-~ sive men because Mrs. Wakeman hat' .jid him that they were retarding the coming of the millennium. The courts then broke up the band by successful prosecutions. Probably the lamentable vagaries of .Mrs. Martin and her followers will end in crime, and some of the Martinites may yet be sent to the gallows. Those who worship a maniac and obey all her commands can scarcely fail to come into conflict with the laws. — Register New York correspondent. 