THE TURF. The Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club has given sportsmen a week's continued excitement, no previous meeting having caused so much interest either in Victoria or the other colonies. The campaign opened on Saturday last, when the attendance surpassed i that on any previous Derby day. Among the ] distinguished visitors were the Governors of j Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania, and Koutil Australia, with their suites, Racing | began with the Melbourne State., for which j ten started. The finish was a most exciting | one, Isonomy and Boolka finishing a dead j heat, with the Grand Flaneur colt Bravo. | third. The time was 2-12,'. In the run off Isonomy won easily by three lengths. The winner is by Winterlake out of Ruby. The Hotham Handicap only brought oot a field of eleTen. The very moderate Hexbam (Tst.) was 6rst in the straight, but Claptrap (by Tim Utiffler oot of Talkative), also weighed at ?-st», came with a rush in the straight and won easily ; Lancer -7sfc. IGlbs.) was third. Time. 252*. The Maribyrnong Plate brongut out nineteen competitors. Lord Garrington's filly Esperance was leading the field at the tan. but here sbe ran off. interfering with Miranda. Hortense (Gang Forward— Josephine) even tually won; Huntingtower second, and Be douin third. Time, 1 -71, the slowest during the put nine years. The Derby brought out seven of the eieht acceptors, Acme being the absentee. Trident was the popular favourite to the rery last, and was heavily backed. Volcano, ridden by Ellis, at once went to the front when the flag fell, and led for a mile and a-quarter, followed by Chesham, who had Robertson in the saddle. Through hug jring die rails too closely Volcano struck them, injnriDg bis shoulder and quarter. This r^nwpd a sudden collapse, and in falling back be was the means of Trident losing ground. Rales then sat down on Trident to overtake Ghesham, and after a desperate and gallant struggle Trident got level at the half di'**'.''. and Chesham suddenly tiring, &e; favourite won by two lengths from the Grand Flaneur colt, with Agloas eight lengths away, third. The time was 2*39, similar to that of Martini-Henry.in 1SS3. This is the fourth Vic torian Derby won by the Hon. James White's nomination, and the fifth time Hales has ridden the winner. Trideut, in winning the A-.I.C. and Y.B.C. Derbies, has accomplished thesame feat as his illustrious brother, Navi gator. The horses that previously vod the two Derbies are :— Fireworks. Florence, Loop Uarou, Grand Flaneur, Navigator, and Kor denfeldt The probability is that Volcano and Trideut were sant on their merits, and but for the accident to the former, it seems likely he would bare trim. The same thin? happened in the A..I.C. Derby last year, it will be remembered, wheu [Trails, with Hales up, started a very hot favourite, but Ellis on Nor deufeldtdefea.ted thefillyby three-quarters of a length. The next event was the Selling Kace, which Heron won in a field of eight, beating The Ghost and Stafford. The winner was bought in for £230. The Coljiirg Stakes brought out twenty starters, and after-a grand race Mr. Davis' colt Dlystar (Mercury — Grace Darling) won the prize from St. John and Hogmanay, by half a head in 1 ';57|. On Tuesday — Cup D*y — the attendance was beyond all precedent, the throng bein^ estimated at 130.000. The racing commenced with the Hurdle Race, Blue Mountain (9 St. 'J lbs.) winning easily from Ocean (10 rt. albs.), Encore (9st. 41ns.), ami four others. The winner is a black five-year-old stallion, owned by Mr. J. Scobitr. He is by Croagh Patrick out of Mountain Maid. Kigbteen ran for the Ktilway Handicap, Mr. Agnew's aged mare Pocahontas (St. Albam — Miss Jackson) | winning by a length and li;df from Albums j and Toronto, in l'lli. The Ken-i[i-t.,u stakes fell to the Hon. James White's two-year old filly Sumatra (Tile Pontiff- Malacca), winning easily from Mr. Long's Kckers ley (Maribymong — Jessamine) : Mistletoe ibird. The five furlongs were covered in 1-1}. and the filly was sold to Mr. A. Davis for 410 guineas. Next came the event of tbe meeting — the Melbourne Cup. There were twenty-five starters, who all Rot awsy splendidly together. Silvermine sooo took up the running, and was well in front nearly all tbe journey. At tlie home turn Arsenal went to the front, anil after a desperate race home defeated Trenton by a neck, Silvermine a Vugth behind Trenton. Then came the I favourite Trident, who h»d held a go.id posi- 1 fmn all the race : Myall King was next, and Sheet Anchor sixth. Time, 3 31, which has! only Eieen beaten three times in racing for the Cnp. There can bo little doalit hat A.J.C. Meeting, and no -Ioul-t the ?lenperate race he ran [or th-- iVrhy took ,1 »iv.i.t rienl (nit ol him. Tlw i-unniniT of Trideut lonnn 4iiite a coincidence with that of Nordeafeldt last year, who having won the two Derbys finished, fourth for the Melbourne Cap, though apparently much closer to the winner than 1 1-ident. Arsenal is by GoldvbFough oat of Powder, and, there fore, half brother to the chestnut mare Dynamite, owned by Mr. Skuthorpe, who ran several times at Rockhampton a year or two since. Arsenal is the first of Golds broogh's get, except Morpeth, who ever won an important event over i long distance of ground. The next race was the Nursery Handicap, Hunting! ower winning rather easily from Perhaps and Bedouin, in 1*4$. The Van Yean Staked only produced a field of nine. At the finish, The Lerite (Yatten don — Q.E.D.J came through at a great pace. and catching the unlucky Hogmanay, who always seems to get a place, won by a length : Ellington third. Time, I *43. Oa Thursday Sir W. J. Clark's threeyear old colt Menotti (Darriwell— Romula), de feated Dufferin, Vale Cake, and seven others in the Maiden Plate, doing the mile and quarter in 2*1.3. Hortense, 'he Maribyrnong Plate winner, easily defeated William Tell in the Flying Stakes, Bedouin and Huntingtower running a dead heat for third place. Lord Wilton (by Countryman — Instep) won the Spring Handicap from Remus and Bravo, in 2-101. Only foQr «nt for the Royal Park Stakes, Trenton easily beating Isonomy and Sheet Anchor in that order in 3 56. The Ohaks went to The Nnn (First King— Pilgrim- age), a length in front of Tamarisk (Chester (iuelder Rose) ; Essie and Maddeliua a dead heat for third place. Time, 245. The Juvenile Stakes went to Epicurean (Dam well — Aletbe) ; Eckersley second and Firebrace third. Eighteen ran for the Veteran Stakes, Brown and Rose doing Ben Bolt and The Pencil by half a length, in -2*3d&. The V.B,C. » seting concludes to-day. The public are cautioned against invest ing in a lot of bogus consultation sweeps on coming events in the southern colonies. A number of these are simply swindles, and eince newspapers have declined to advertise such sweeps, circulars are being sent broad cast throughout the colony. To-day the Q.T.C. Spring Meeting com mences at Eagle Farm. Tee leading events to-day are the JLterby and Saodgate Handicap For the latter event the best trio appear to be Yabba, Pirate, and Flmue's best, with an outside show for Friendless. The meeting concludes on Tuesday. The Tannanian J/oiVsays :— Mr. William Hofi&tt;, late of Rockhampton, well-known a few years age* in Melbourne football circles, after seeing Ben Bolt run several times in Queensland ? And being stronglv impressed, with his capacity, eeenred a lease of tbe horse from the 15th of August, 1SS5, unto the 7th of next January, ami h*** already carried off the rich Carxingtan Stakes in Svdney, and the Caulfield Cup.' I may add that Mr. Moffatt has been a. successful racing man since the time he landed a big stake in Rockhamp ton with Glengarry, a good many of my readers will remember the ' Glengarry double.' Mr. Alofiitt won a Lug sum of money with bis hurdle horse Ocean, who it will he remembered carried off the V.RX. Grand National Hurdle Race, doing the distance — about three miles— in otnin, 35±secs. Mr. Moflktt appears to be the evil genius of the Ring, and th&ti; cotfihio&tioii; of talent will never forget him, either in Queensland, New Sooth Wales, or Victoria. A Melbourne paper, referring to the backing of Ben Bolt for the Caufield Cup. says:— t4Don'tyouremember Sweet Alice, Ben Bolt ?' was tbe song with which the ring chaffiugly greeted the appear ance of the lieu Bolt commissioner, on every occasion on which he entered tbe dob room up to last Saturday morning. ** Some of you chaps will remember Ben Bolt ail your lives,' was bis rejoinder on Friday night, and as the victory of tbe son of Newbold has taken rather more than a hundred thousand pounds out of their books, Ben Bolt's name will always be associated in the recollection of the ring men with about the most sensational bettiag coup ever effected in Australia. Tbe QunbridgesHre Stakes were run for on the 2uth ultimo, and the victor was Mr. W. Gilbert's six year-old horse Sailor Prince, (by Albert Victor— Henuita) ; Mr. Somer's colt Cariton was second. Engli-h papers state that Ormonde won the Don caster St. Leger in a. common canter, by four lengths. Toe time was 3-21;, the slowest for some years. F. Archer thus scored his sixth win of the race. I am gUd to hear that Tom Sinclair, the jockey who broke his leg before onr last an nual roeftinp, came out of the hospital during the week. With a few weeks' rest Sinclair h-UI be 'as good as new.'' Weight* for the Rockhampton Jockey Cluh Spring handicaps appear on Wednesday ue^t, the Kith instant. Acceptances mutt be tuiule uu the 17th, the date of general Winton sporting folk are to the fore with a two days' programme for the :27th and *2Sth uf December. There *re sis events each day, the money being divided thua : — First Day : U*ulea Plate of £20 ; Flying Handicap of £i'i; Publicans.' Pane of ££-, w.f.a.; Novel Itu.ce of fi-, winner to be a-uctiontd for £1 ; LaJicV Bracelet, value £1.~- and £5 ; and Chinaman's Kace of £20, horses to be ridden by Chinamen. Second Uay : Handicap Hurdle Race of £23 ; Welter Handicap of £20 ; Christmas HanJii^ip of £00. 2 miles; Selling) Kace uf £ir, ; Half-mile nutter of £5 ; and | t'arcwtll tfiUidicap of £'2i). Nominations for b'lyinf. Christmas, anil Uurdle Handicaps to be sent to tbe Hon. Secretary, Mr. IV. J. Uditlner, before 10 a in. on thelith December. Full particulars to be supplied. There will be « Christmas Meeting at - Muttaburra on the ^7tb December, wheu the , tollowiug list nl'U be placed before horse uwuere:— Maiiieu 1'late '{ £lj ; Hurrv SLiutj- i«( £IU; Fl\i-ig Han.licH|i of MO ; ? CJirUtmu Msuirfi. ap, of £-'*-, -J luilet : U ilte' Bracelet, value £10 ; Town l'late of £20, l§ mile, w.ta. ; Consolation Stakes, of £15 ; and Free Handicap of £15. Nominations for Christmas and Flying Handicaps close with the Hon. SeeretaiyTMr- E. K. Orerend, on the 1st December. ' Pegams ' writes in the Qurenslandi-r .— 11 As records of fast time are always interest ing to Australian sportsmen, I may mention that in England, at the Derby Meeting. Crafton, a fonr-year-old, carrying Sst. 12 lbs., won the Peveril of lie Peak Plate of 1000 sors., a straight mile, in 1 min. 3S'secs. This is something superior to the Australian record.' The attention of breeders is directed to the advertisement in this issne, setting forth the conditions of the Q T.C. Sires' Produce Stakes of 1S90, open to foals of 1SS7. The par ticulars are so clearly set forth by ' Hip parion ' in the Colonist that I cannot do better than reproduce his remarks : — ' A sweepBtakes of 10 sovs. each, half ferfeit, or 2 sore, only if declared by April 30th. 1890, with 10 sots, each from the owners of sires, and 300 soc*. added by the Q.T.C. the nominator of the winner to receive 50 s -ts. from the prize, second horse 10 and third horse o per cent on the gross amount of the prize to be deducted therefrom. This stake should be worth between 400 and 300 sovs. to the winner, if breeders only stndy their own interests sufficiently to subscribe to it. New Siuth Welsh owners of stallions shonld in vest in tbe stake, as it would ensure them a market in this colony for their young ttock. It will be noticed that the cumbrous plan of nominating mares is done away with, asd that the conditions of entry are most liberal, and it costs an owner who bringB his horse to the post no entrance money whatever, whilst he can get out of all liability for his nomina tions by a deferred payment, four years1 license, of £2 a head.' An American exchange thus refers to Dew drop, the great American fiUy : — ' -si two yeai -old she won for the Hancocas stable six times out of ten starts, earning something over 17,000 dollars, and this year for the Dwyers out of twelve attempts she baa won seven times and run second twice, with a total amount earned of 26,675 dollars, so it will be seen that her expensive purchase for ?29,600 dollars was not much of a logs for tbe Dwyers.' At the Charter Oak Park (America) Meet ing oa tile 2nd September there was some tall trotting. The great event of the day was the Guarantee Stakes, of 10,000 dollars, and fire came to the post. The first heat was iron by Belle F., who trotted the mile in 2 minntes 15$ seconds, and she also won the second in 2 minntes 15£ seconds, but after this she tired, and Oliver £. won the next three heats straight off in 2 minutes seconds, 2 minntes lli} seconds, and 2 minutes IS seconds. The munificent sum of 7500 dollars has been given for a three-year-old stake — the American Derby — to be run at Chicago on the first day of the Washington Park Club eetuig. r' 