Selected Poetry. ? m ? THE MEASURELESS DEEPS. I think sometimes that the silence iUelf has a soundless ghost, A stillness deeper than ocean, where gather the countless host KJt snades that are shade's reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, And echoes of thougnis uufathoined which never in words find room. There are thoughts which move at midnight . too deep Tar a vision's reach ; There are waves deep down in silence, too strong for the grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of space Too far to impress reflections or shades on a mortal face. We know in the silent chambers the beats of ''?' .m distant heart, We have seen with an inner vision the curtains of a silence part, And far in the shaded distance have read, as on magic scroll, The words no sound could utter, addressed to an earnest souL There are thing.. s.- deep and sacred they flee the approach of sound, There aie ideas pure and holy no natural hedge rows bound And somewhere, were adjusted, nnseen, un heard, intense, And the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust and know. While the viewless mystic currents sweep by in _ their endless flow, While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubilant anthem brings. The grandest truths of the ages have entered the heart like this, The things we can never utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadow thought, Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, a subtle _ and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. So we learn its beauteous wisdom. Its peace ful currents flow Too for for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God has guaided with a silence most profound. Then welcome the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, Too sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer ; The sign of a higher presence, a rapture which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless message to the waiting souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace. From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod The truths which the soul receiveth direct from the heart of God. J. Edgar Jones. 