THE SICK ELEPHANT. [Br HUGH KALYFTOS.] The Minuter of Education looking up a work o ' Diseases of Stock." with a nlaster of Paris model of an elephant before him soliloquises— So help me patience, but tis very bard, That 'midst my troubles and great worriment Herein head quarters, there doth come to me, Beport from Parsons of a doleful tcne. "Why, Parsons was not wont to grizzle so; His mind elastic and his hopes so strong, I deemed him proof against discouragement Great Caesar's ghost! but things are getting bad, And gloomy rumours do so quickiy spread. The elephant is sick, of atrophy llr bile, dispepsia, or some kindred ilL And Parsons grumbles in desponding strain; His tone's rebellions, and he almost blames The Cabinet—bis masters—for bad faith, As if we had not troubles on our heads Enough to sink us in a sea of woe. The people grumble and the people curie, The troubles thicken like a swarm of wasps. Chief Secretary (entering with a determined expression of countenance)— IIow now, friend Cacabum, thou art very glum, Are troubles brewing strong as Treble XXX, The news is flat to me as table beer; I'm sick of hearing all these hopes and ills, And seeing colleagues gloomy as the night. i Codcburn—'Tis very well for you so hardened t But I am still an amateur at this; 1 keenly feel the torrent of abuse Ponred foil on us for working as we do, Here's Parsons flouts us in his last report, And censures ns as much as he dare do ; Because, forsooth, that cursed railway He dotes upon is not accomplished yet. His elephant is ill, sick unto death, White elephants are always delicate. Chief Secretory—And e'er will. " 0e. So ParsOne cuts up rongb, And grows sarcastic in h^g last report. Well let him rail; it's dfe his impudence, He sought the duty aad the honour gained, He's autocrat in I-fbrth Australia. Codfc&uni;—Save Pater, Sir, and a!so Bsresford, Im told in chis the last report from thence, That weakness cripples the white elephant. His legs are shaky and he's off bis feed. His colours dirty, and Ins shrunken trunk Looks like our coffers, full of naught at all. He's very seedy, and, as Parsons says, The want of iron in his system tells Upon his health, and he may haply die. [Enter the Treasurer, studying "The Steppingstone to Arithmetic."] NevXand—Then let him die, retrenchment dig grave: Ay} let ns give the Territory up To those who like it, let them run the place All by themselves unsuccoured and alone. ikef s.sell the country and lefs bank the cash, The place is hast*ning to eternal smash. No matter what we do, or what we say. Port Darwin always is "to hastening Uls a prey." Downer (who has been keeping an angry eye on Kewland)— Oh ! shut up, Xewland, ape not Silas Wegg, Talk sense and reason, or in silence seem The man yon are cot, erudite and wise. {To his colleagues)— IVe'II humour Parsons, he is better there, And works with zeal, aim, and energy; But let him know we will not bear reproof. To keep his place is a good servant's aim, The elephant is sick, and we'll devise Some stirring mixture that may set him up. Ktviland (eagerly)—Let's ship away the host of •unemployed, And send them there with Clements at their head. Z)o«!}ier<impatienUy)—Oh! shut np, Xewland, who asked your advice? Keep silent till your first addressed, then speak. fSewland goes out into the passage and jumps on bis hat; the rest consult over the report of the <TOvernment -Resident and leave whispering, after ordering'Rowland to write out four copies of the report for their private perusal, his department being retrenched too much to permit of a clerk being taken cE for the work of amanuensis.] Old colonists seem at best to hare bat a hazy idea of the exact position that gnarled and bent gnmtree at Glenelg has in our •colonial history. They differ so much in opinion'that u wonld not be difficult to find •one of them declaring that the tree never •existed at alL It is a pity there is so much doubt in the matter, because we South Australians have so few relics of the past seeing that our history only goes back not quite half a century, and the only real old (representatives of the past are the Buffalo guns—which, by the way, might just as well be better preserved—and a few old fossils who were at the proclamation and cannot >remember much about it, except two or three with better memories than the rest. It is •comical to find after all that the old tree and the -land npon which it stands is really the property of the Glenelg Corporation—what a wonder Mr .John Lee did not know something of that. Perhaps the Glenelg Corporation will now recognise their responsibility and stewardship. It is not like the hopeful Mr. Parsons to row despondent over the health of Sonth Australia's white elephant after having •expressed such confidence in Its constitution. Did he not leave for his semi- tropical kingdom with the glorious anticipation of being able eventually to make it a colonial jewel of .price in the British Crown ? And now he is a little inclined to grow discouraged because the white elephant is getting thin. He wants to bolus it with a Pine Creek Railway and perhaps that is jnst what the expensive creature wants. He has been fed too much npon promises, and promises at the best of times are not so filling as performances. Never mind, Mr, Parsons, what with Pater .and Beresford, and the blacks, the Northern Territory is not likely to hide its light under a buBhel; we are always hearing of it someway or other. It is sore to come to the iront, and.perhaps by and by your prophecy -of its .brilliant future may be realized—bnt notinyonrtime, J. L. P., not in your time. It will be when the white elephant has been •exchanged for the patient, plod ding,abstemious camel, or when the elephant is no longer a white one, bat a big, industrious, powerful black animal, carrying on his broad back all •the products of the tropics; bearing his loads •of sugar, coffee, timber, gold, silver, tobacco, and heaps of now jinthought of products for •exportation. That is the kind of elephant the .Northern Territory ought to be. "White elephant's seedy And gone oS Eis feed, And bis driver is worried And vexed at bis need. What the elephant wants Is a railway line, To that gold-bearing creek That is known as the Pine. When the ostrich is greedy He fattens on nails. But this pet of our Parsons He yearns for iron rails. When the elephant's wants, Are not quickly supplied Then his driver, good Parsons, In bis temper is tried. THE KBCEKT Axn - SPIBITPALISTIC LACTOSES.—The Secretary.of the Blind and Deaf and Cumb Institution informs us that be has received from Mr. M. W. Green a cheque for £2 3s. 3d., being haJf the net pro ceeds of the six lectures recently .given by him in the Town HalL The gross takings amounted to £i7 lis., but the rent of the hall absorbed £30, while incidental expenses brought up the expenssa to £43 4s. 6d., leaving but £4 6s. 6d. to be divided between two charities. The remaining £2 3b. 3d. is for the North Adelaide Industrial School for the Blind. THE OLD GUMTRKK—The Glenelg Town Council have taken action to preserve the historical old gumtree, by repairing the fence which surrounds it, and erecting a notice- JwardfprtWdlpg trespass, 