SPQHTDIfi TOPICS. Br xhb " Spoewmah" Staff. Owhees and trainers ranat not forget that if the wish to withdraw Aheir no minations for the Melbourne Wft thay most declare before 4 pjn. on Monday, 2nd August, or the j will be liable tor toe' second forfeit of 6 sots. A tor inaccuracies bare occurred in the published list of entries for the August meeting' of the Geelong Racing Club. Mr. Robinson has sent us I cor rected list, which discloses the following 'errors in the original list: — " Fayn," entered for the Handicap Hurdle, should read "Fan," and. "Miss Dargle" us " Miss Day." In the Railway Stakes "Lady Bell" shonld appear instead of "Lady Bird," and "Seaweed" instead of " Seance." In the First Two-year- old Stakes " liberate " should read " Jebusite," and "Twist" as "Trnst." " Mayflower," in the Distance Handicap Trot, should read " Wildflower." \- Owkebs and trainers of horses engaged at the Winter Meeting of the Wiliiams- town Racing Club, Saturday next, are reminded that all horses not intending to start must be scratched before 4 p.m., at the office of the Victorian Trotting Club (only) on Thursday (to-morrow), 22nd July,, or they will oe deemed acceptors and liable for the amount of acceptance. Special trains to the course on toe day will run as follow: — 11.15 a.m., with passengers and hor.es ; 12.60 p.m. and 1.10 p.m., passengers only ; arriving at toe course platform at 11.45 a.m., 1.20 p.m., and 1.40 p.m. ; returning at 4.50 p.m., 6.5 p.m., and 6.20 p.m., with horses and passengers. All Gold appears to be going for small beans jost now. At the Hay meeting last week Mr. S. Martin's colt appropriated two events, of toe value of 30 eovs. each. He started in the princi pal race — the Jockey Club Handicap — but was never prominent. - Last year Minerva, the winner of the Murrtun- bidgee Autumn Handicap, won the same two races as All Gold did, and also failed to get placed in the principal.event. ' Jtet out of the fourteen horses handi capped in the Deniliquin Steeplechase, to be rnn to- day, have accepted, but the number doe's not include Denmark ; and Blackthorn, with list. 121b., is toe top weight. Neither Tantaliser nor Morceau has accepted for the Town Plate, and The Earl, with 8st 61b., is left at the head of the list. The weights for the Echuca meeting, to be held on Friday, appear elsewhere. The handicaps are framed pretty much ou the same lines as those for toe Denili- quin races, a number of toe same horses being engaged at each meeting. We are informed by Mr. MileB, of the V.R.C. offices, that the receipts for toe Grand National Meeting on last Satur day were' considerably m excess of toe receipts for the corresponding day last year. The amount taken will cover all expenses, and no doubt there " will tie a little bit to the good." Trenton is reported to have been shipped from New Zealand to Sydney. The features of the Hay meeting last week were two dead heats in the two prin cipal races. Comus and Abuse made a dead heat in the Hay Jockey Club Handicap, and the owners decided to divide toe stakes. In" the Winter Handicap Comus made a dead heat with Hogmanay, but in the rnn off Comus, who is by Westminster— Colleen Bawn, easily won. Last year Favour won to two events. The principal racing fixtures for tbe ensuing week are as follow : — To-day the Deniliquin people bring their meeting to a close, and up in the same direction toe Eehuca Winter Meeting will be held on Friday. In Melbourne the Winter Meeting of the Williamstown Racing Club will be the attraction on Saturday. Our Sydney friends have a quiet week, but at Jerilderie noes will be held on the 27th and 28th inBt., the day of general entry being Monday. Wrights for the Wyndham meeting, to be held on Saturday week, are promised to-morrow, and acceptances close at toe V.R.C. office at 4 p.m., and at toe Werribee Hotel, Weniboe.at 8 p.m., on Monday next. The acceptances and general entries in connection with toe Echnca meeting on Friday close to-morrow (Thursday) night with the secretaiy, Mr. J. St. L. O'Brien, at Echuca. Sale acceptances and general entries close on Friday. The handicaps for toe Bosehill meeting on the 2nd August are due on Monday. The weights for the Geelong Winter Meeting will be announced on Wednes day next. Th£ secretary of toe Bendigo Jockey Club mforms us that their Spring Meet ing has been fixed for. toe 24th and 26th November next. Mb. T. Riqgall has named his bay filly, by The Diver — Missie, "Dab Chick." The Rosehill people are favoured with even better entries than usual for their meeting on the 2nd August. For toe August Handicap the list reaches within a couple of three score, and amongst. toe number toe name of The Agent is noticeable. Brown and Rose is also nominated, as well as Folly, Specu lation, Dunlop, Ellington, Moonshee, Lancer, and other speedy ones. There are 41 entered for toe Railway Stakes, and- amongst toe numerous entrieB for toe Hurdle Race are The Agent and Madkay.. - The: entries for (he Geelong Winter Meeting, to be held 04.the 7to August, are .published' elsewhere. . There are 19 nominated for tbeHurdle Reoe, Dura tion, Royal' Maid, ATgan&pnp;,' hale- bone, General Jackson, £oblytA;Miito, and Tet Again being amongrt toe nnm- ber. Fortne first two-yearfid race of toe-season there is anenbytrtslridla. line may be got frpm toe race to; toe' frn fining in toe big two-year-old dvents j 'later bn in the season.. Havelock, Reti- -oeat, Brown Eagle, Spangle, arid-Native Me inetuded in toe Steeplechase entries. Iri'toe Railway Strikes are the spMdy "youngsters, St Paul and Edith, besides a- number of well-known performers. Handed jn toe 30 nominatiqps'.in the Winter Handicap are Sardine, old Oorio- lanus, Acolyte, Little John, Grace Dar- lirig.The Eati, Boolka, HurOn, Cffiriokster," Plausible, Duration, M&art;, Hhprilse, and jottier " big £to.''Hx. Miiier. has hnteredWalhaJUa for top SelliagRajbe. / . The time made in the Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday was nnpre- eedently quick, the torawraRes -being traversed in 6min. 48see. Wymlet's time last year was very slow— via., 7miu. lOj-sec. Chippenham did it iri' 7min. in 1884, old Blackthorn took 7min. 17sec. in 1883. . Great Western got over the ground in 7min. 2| see.. in 1882, and -Sussex's time in 1881 wss 7min. 2 see. The time in the Grand National Hurdle Baoe was also the beat on record for this event. Ocean traversed toe distance on Saturday in 6min. SSJaee; ; last year The Agent walked in, in 6min. OJ sec. Don Quixote's time in 1884 was Smin. 43)sec., Dizzy took 6min. 48| sec. in 1883, Rhesus 6tnin. 41sec. in 1882, and Sir Peter 5min. 42£sec. in 1881. The annual number of " J. J. Miller's Sporting Pamphlet and Official Trotting Record" is just to hand, and contains a mass of valuable statistics for the in formation of all who take an interest in sporting matters. The whole of the paced performances of Ihe horses engaged in forthcoming important racing events are given in toe pageB of the pamphlet. The time records and com parative time-tables are thoroughly suited for reference, as the information has been compiled from authentic sources by competent authorities. Special at tention has been directed to affairs in the trotting world, the records to 1st January of the present year of horses in America and Australia being included. Tbe statistics relating to billiards, bicycling, boxing, cricket, and various branches of athletic sport should prove invaluable. The letter-press has been executed in tbe beBt "style, and the book is enclosed in a handsome lithographed cover. Advices received from New Zealand at the V.R.C. office yesterday contained a notification that Mr. B. W. Bobbett's br h Tetford was scratched on the 8th inst. for his Melbourne Cup engagement. Tetford is a five-year-old, by Musket — Pungawerewere. He was allotted 8st. 31b. in the Cup. The Easl, who is engaged in the Mel bourne Cnp and Caulfield Cup, won the Ladies' Bracelet at the first, day's racing of toe Deniliquin Jockey Club yesterday. The Earl, however, could not get any nearer than third in the Jockey Club Handicap, won by Abuse, who made a dead heat with Comus in the principal race at Hay last week. A jockey named Fergusson has (our correspondent telegraphs) been disquali fied for a lengthy period for " pulling" Shylock in the Celling Hurdles at the recent Port Augusta races. The horse and the owner of the horse have been disqualified for ever. Many people who believe in coin cidences backed Reticent, the winner of last year's Maiden Steeplechase, on the chance of the son of Silence repeating the performance of Great Western, who won the Maiden Steeplechase one year, and appropriated the big event toe following winter. Reticent was also thought to have more than an outside show by the "knowing ones," and ke was heavily backed. The gelding ran well, but toe company was too good. Pbobleh's win in the Selling Hurdle Race on Saturday benefited the clnb to the extent of 165 guineas. The hone was entered for nil, and on being put up by auction was purchased bv Mr. P. F, Gordon for the amount stated. The suceesaful jockeys in the Grand National Hurdle and Steeplechase this year were also the lucky nders of the winning horseB last year. Ferguson rode Ocean on Saturday, and The Agent last year. Corrigan rode Game in the Grand National Steeplechase this year, and "Wymlet to victory in the ssme event last year. Problem, who upset the pot in the Selling Hurdle Raee on Saturday, has been running in Bmall meetings up country of late, winning every now and again. He is by Bonnie Carlisle, and nominated by Mr. W. Little. Ocean, the winner of the Grand National Hurdle Race, was second in the Hamilton Cap, run on the 14th April last. The race was won by Autocrat, but toe finish was so olose that manypeople thought that Ocean had won. On the second day of the meeting, Ocean just got beaten for first place by Genoe in toe Racing Club Handicap. That the horse was well trained was evident from toe strong way in which he finished, and, on coming back into the paddock, he was found to have scarcely turned a hair after his three miles run over the jumps. The frill programme of Tattorsall's Races to be neld at Randwiok an the 28!h August appears elsewhere. Five events have been arranged — via., a Hurdle Race, Tramway Handicap, Selling Race, Two-year-old Strikes, and Spring Handicap. The latter event has £250 added. Entries close on the 16th August. Amono toe few backers of Oeean, the winner of toe Grand National Hurdle Race, was a Melbourne "Hill" book maker, to whom an amateur fielder laid the long price of a hundred to. two, which sum has not yet been paid. An absurd yarn was circulated and published last week to the effect that Reticent had been purchased in the interests of Studley, and would not start for the Grand National Steepleohaae. We need hardly say that the whole thing- was a fury tale. The Earl, who is- by IVollomai, and will run in toe next Melbourne. Cup, as afire-year-old, with the nice weight, of. 6st 21b., is now at the top of .toe list in the Echuca Winter Handicap with Sat, 41b. The name of the late Mr. Lancet one of the staunchest supporters toe Turf in New Zealand ever hadfis .not' to be forgotten, as I notice the Grinterbury Jockey Club kave ptaqed riri , rivrint in their Spring programme In fa balled toe Lance Memorial' Sfakm.' -it will be run over six furiongi— like, the 5riR.C."8tandish Plate— and the added money -is 600 sovs. The wonder is that Such an ardent supporter of the Victorian . Turf sis be late Mr. R. Goldshrouto should not have had a memorial stake added to one of the programmes by the V.R.C. committee. On the Hill at Flemingtpa 6b Satur day the public took threes to one oagerly about The Ghost, whilst tens and twrives to On were offered against "Straight Shot, an Atwenties to one were in sever«d instances 118 against toe winner, Gar denia. The return between "Onr Boy, " and an eleven of All England was common red on Monday on Lord's Grsund. Owing to the nnpropitious state of the element!, a start was not made until some time after the appointed hour. Notwithstanding the fact of rain having fallen heavily throughout toe morning, the ground was densely packed by an enthusiastic crowd of sight-seer, when the English skipper, who won the toss, elected to send nis men to the wickets. Despite the rather sticky nature of the turf, the batsmen made a first-class stand, and when play was concluded for the day Shrewsbury had 91 to his credit (not out), the total being 202 for four wickets. Excellent entries hare been received for the Wyndham meeting, to be held on Saturday week. Over a score have been nominated for toe Hurdle Race, Royal Maid, Walhalla, Joey, Whalebone, Mid night, Tantaliser, Fusilier, and Revenge being amongst toe number. An even score have entered for the Wyndham Handicap, which is over a mile, and is a race of 100 sovs., with a gold cnp valued at £100 added. Some very fair horses are on the list, promi nent amongst ihe number being Al- lander, The Ghost, Kitawa, Ocista, Straight Shot, Hiddlemarch, Stafford, Genoe, and Preston. Amongst the ten entered for the Steeplechase are Mid night, Signal, and Spangle. The Wer ribee Park Handicap, of 100 sovs., has 23 entries, including a number of the good ones in toe Wyndham Handicap, besides Violet, Honora, Anarchy, The Deer, Snip, Essie, Mabel Gray, and Sunny Days. fbocbedings opened on Saturday with toe V.R.C. Maiden Hurdle Race, and so soon as Sheet Anchor's name was erased from the scratching board, the rush of the punters was on Sir Launcelot, who has improved almost beyond recognition since 1 first saw the son of Eing Arthur in public, which was in the Moonee Valley Maiden Plate, won by his then stable companion, VaBcosa, last Decem ber: Mackay was most in favour amongst those who " back a horse for toe sake of the odds," and Mr. Oxenbam's represen tative was a strong second favourite, whilst Hobart was next in request. Outside the three horses mentioned, nothing else was supported. When the eight aspirants for hurdle race honours were saddled up, it was noted that num bered saddle-cloths had been introduced at a V.R.C. meeting for the first time. After Joey, EarimiL (who is an own brother to Duration), and Hobart had alternately made the running, the favourite went to the front at the turn for home, and going well and strong, won by over half a length from Mackay, who came wonderfully fast up toe straight, but, failing to rise at toe concluding obstacle, knocked the top bar out of the hurdle and himself ont of time. Carey cut it rather fine On the favourite, who, however, won with ease. M'Leod filled third position on Hobart, and last year lie was no nearer tbe whrner when be steered Duration, who has developed wonderful capabilities since then, both over the hurdles and on the flat. What may we not expect from Sir Launcelot, who traversed the journey eight seconds faster than Hippogriff, now known as Yet Again f The state of the betting market re the V.R.C. Maiden Steeplechase afforded a correct solution of its termination, and Wickliffe, who was a very hot favourite, Fenced without a mistake, and won with toe greatest ease from Andy. No third was placed by the judge, but Trooper and Sir Robert, the latter having previously fallen, had a pace Up the straight to see who would pass the post first, and Trooper won. war Dance fell on the river side, but he was re-mounted, and cantered in last. Consternation also came to grief. The Grand National Steeplechase Day has come and gone, and there is not a shadow of a doubt that the attend ance on Saturday last was toe " best on record," whilst the sport was equal to, if not better than, that provided on former occasions. The weatner was all that could have been desired, if the nasty mist that obscured tbe course in the earlier part of the day be excepted. Although the programme contained five jumping contests, the spills were few, rind, happily, accidents of a serious nature have to go unclironicled. His Excellency toe Governor and suite were present, and took a lively interest in the proceedings. The catering at the hands of Mr. C. D. Straker was as near perfec tion as it is possible to be. The one blot on toe whole day's pleasure was the wretchedly long time those who bad travelled to the Fleming- ton Racecourse by train had to wait before town was reached on the return journey. It was not alone the second class passengers who had cause for com plaint, for toe first class voyayeurt were served almost as bad. The writer of this paragraph timed the departure of a second class train for town, and would it be credited that, with all the vaunted facilities that are supposed to exist in the Railway department for the convey ance of passengers, it was exactly thirty minutes before the next train, with a similar class of passengers, was de spatched? From the time the writer got on the platform at toe course until landed at Spencer-street just fifty minutes ex pired, so at that rate of progression the question naturally arises — At what time might a railway passenger hope to arrive at the terminus on the next Melbourne Cnp Day? Ten horses started last year when the top weight, The Agent, proved victorious in toe Grand National Hurdle Race, with Ferguson in the saddle, whilst one more went to sweU toe field on this occasion, the difference being that The Agent was second favourite whilst Ocean wsb a rank outsider. Sheet Anchor went ont bototimesatshortoddsagainstbim. Last year. Omadhaun fell in front of the son of St. Albans and destroyed whsteyer- the Grand NritionaFHnrdleRsce of '85, and this year his want of success was clearly owing to his want of brilliancy over hurdles. At toe obstacle near toe bridge .he bit it heavily and lost a lot of ground in toe second round, and at the hist hurdle before toe straight was. entered the Cup winner .again struck;, and, with all that, if Sheet Anchor had not clouted toe last hurdle, he wonld undoubtedly have troubled toe winner, who was admirablv ridden by Ferguson. Ruby ran the good, game little mare that ahe is, but toe pace was a trifle too fast or was toe weight too .much? for I find that when toe daughter of Lapidist wen at toe VJB-C. Spring Meeting she ran the same distance in 2J seconds raster. Gmttan ran a good horse, and finished fourth, with Duration, who could never get to the front with his 12st 71b., fifth. Hilltop, judging by toe manner in whieh he Vetoed from the contest, must have broken down, and Distiller ran off On the faj side, and Tantaliser brought up the Fakir. A dozen horses weighed out for the m-emier jumping race, of toe year — the V-R.C. Grand National Steeplechase — and Game, who had the assistance of Corrigan, was made favourite, although toe eon of Fcnic was an unknown qoan- tity over the big timber at Flemington. 8tualejr — who was, as usual, ridden by his mentor, Watson — was next in de mand, and Reticent and Lady Ash ton were the best supported of the others, albeit the believers in Ferguson backed bis mount, Native, at outside prices. All went well in toe first round, but toe second circuit proved fatal to Charcoal (who in his preliminary showed his trot ting paces). Bob Cooper, and Spangle. In the meantime Native and Lady Ash- ton led alternately, the former being more frequently in the van, with the favourite always handy. Nothing of note occurred until the opening into the straight was reached, where Lady Ash- ton rushed to toe front, but she was quickly passed by Game, who won with ease from Native, who ran a good horse. Lady Ashton was a moderate third, Reticent was fourth, Kanaka and Studley next Spangle was ridden in some time after. Out of the thirteen horses numbered on the card, but five Baddled up for the V .R.C. Selling Hurdle Race, ana Fusilier was an even money chance. Floyd, who received a nasty shaking, owing to Bob Cooper coming down with him in toe Grand National Steeplechase, had the mount on the son of Grandmaster. Problem was toe best supported of the others, and Wild Dog, who ran promi nently in the Grand National Hurdle Race for over two miles, was also in some request. Joey was occasionally nibbled at, and Louis, who was with drawn from the first race of toe day, was also in some favour at outside prices ; so, taken altogether, tbe " bookies " could not have fared badly over the event, after all. After Wild Dog had made play for a portion of the journey, Louis went to the front, and, racing toward, toe abattoirs, hod several lengths' lead, but, thnragh running off, he ex tinguished his possibility of victory, and toe favourite was thereby left with the lead. Fusilier, however, was not per mitted to occupy the position long, for Problem dispossessed him of that ad vantage as they ran alongside the train ing-ground, and, coming on, this son of Bonnie Carlisle won with consummate ease from Joey, who passed Fusilier in the straight run. On being submitted to auction, the winner was knocked down to Mr. P. F. Gordon for 165 guineas. When business commenced ou the concluding event, the Flat Race, Bo hemian, Le6bia, Straight Sbot, Duke of Athol, Stafford, Quintin Matsep, and The Ghost (who won the same event last year) were stronelv in demand. The Tasmanian-bred Duke of Athol went to the front shortly after the flag fell, and quickly established such a lead that entering the straight turn it looked any odds on the bald- faced son of St. Albans, but Gardenia, upon whom M. O'Brien had the mount, was seen to single out from the re mainder of the field, and although at toe distance post the Duke had a lead of two clear lengths, Gardenia responded gamely to her rider's vigorous appeals, and when within a few lengths of the judge's chair, toe half-sister to Wollomai caught the leader, and just got home by a head. Quintin Matsep was a moderate third, with Lesbis and Stafford next. 