" THE SEVERED HAND." Now that the crime of conspiring to defraud Insurance Offices is only just passing away from the recent recollection of the people of South Australia, the New Zealand" public are beginning to enter upon a similar experience. There are important differences, it is true, between the cases on which four persons -were tried in Adelaide and the case on which four other persons stand committed for trial at Christchurch. In the former cases the central fact of the crime consisted in the purchase of a living ghost, and passing him off as a first-class life by the aid of the surgeon; in the latter all the minor circumstances revolve around the sham drowning of the insured persoa himself, supplemented by the fishing up of a human fragment which it was pretended was a part of his body. The distance which separates us from the scene of the alleged crime might appear to render it superfluous to observe the rule that until the accused are tried we must not speak of their conduct as a fact, but only as a thing to be proved. Nevertheless it would be wrong to tell the story without distinctly premising that it is only the as yet unproved case for the Crown which is laid before the reader. Mr. Arthur Robert Howard, who lived at Christchurch, was employed at the Government Workshops at Addington at 9s. a day, and also had a little free hold of his own, which he sold early in last year to a brother workman. Mr. Howard was a married man, at all events he regarded himself as the lawful hasband of Mrs. Howard, none the less though the validity of the marriage ceremony was about to come in question in a cause pending in the Supreme Court. To provide for the lady he insured his life in her favour for £1,000 in the Government Assurance Association. This was in January, 1884, and was followed nest September by a policy of the like amount in the " Mutual," and in January last by another policy in the "Accident" for £400. These policies were all so worded as, by virtue of recent legislation, to entitle the wife to the sum insured irrespective of any assignment or will or letters cf administration. Having borne the burden of the several premiums for some time without deriving any benefit from them, it occurred to Mr. Howard eaily in October last to go to bathe at a dangerous place, full of placarded warnings to bathers, known as Sumner Beach, where he reported that his plunge was curtailed by an encounter with a shark. Confident, however, in his powers as a swimmer, which were great, Mr. Howard, on Saturday, October 10, chose, apparently out of bravado, the very same spot in which to disport himself, notwithstanding the roughness of the sea. But the pitcher went to the water once too often, for Mr. Howard was never seen to reappear. The beach was searched and the bottom was dragged in vain, and Cave Bock, to which corpses were usually drifted by the current, did not intercept the body of Arthur Howard. There upon the shore lay his garments, neatly folded as he had left them on leaping into the waves, and contributed their mute testimony to the death of their owner. Howard's place seemed to know him no more, and people pitied the widow, and were thankful that Bhe was insured. She herself was inconsolable, and lamented without ceasing that she should be deprived of the power of following her _ husband's remains to the grave, and this sorrow was not diminished by the feet that without the production of at least some fragments, some disjecta membra, of the body of the departed, the Insurance Companies would not pay the £2,400. Accordingly she advertised £50 reward for the body or for the first part of it which could be recognised. Two months elapsed during which the shores of the fatal spot were often searched, but without gratifying the affectionate desires of the widow. On December 16, however, which was Anniversaty Day, it occurred to Mr. Elisha Godfrey, who was a cook at the Lunatic Asylum, to take a boat, and go fishing opposite Sumner Beach and among the neighbouring rocks. He was accompanied by his two boys, by his brother Frederick (who is a storekeeper), andby two youngfriends. The youngsters after the manner of their kind, shook the elders 0$ and drifted away, while the two senior Godfreys found themselves exactly at the place where, if any fragment remained of the deceased and almost forgotten Howard, it might be expected to be found. Except a solitary stranger, who afterwards gave the name of Watson, there was hardly any one near. "Whether the Godfreys were thinking of Howard or not it is impossible to say but suddenly, on passing a spot, which they had several times passed before, one of them saw a human hand. A human hand was what met their view, lying just a yard above the water's edge at a place where the receding tide must have left it. Their thoughts recurred to poor Howard. There was a ring on the finger, but the finger was so swollen that the ring would not come off; but, when it could be got off, some inscription on the inside might show to whom it had belonged. At all events, few fragments of a human body could be so capable of identification, and the men rejoiced in the prospect of the widow getting her money. The stranger came up a moment after and took a kindly interest in their discovery, and drew a newspaper from his pocket for them to carry the hand in. They at once left off fishing and took the hand to the police. They wanted no reward, they said, and would be only too happy to think that the widow would have her money. This, indeed, seemed likely to be the case, for the widow recognised the hand as the hand of her late husband, and fainted at the sight. She also recognised the ring, and said the initials "A. H." would be found marked on the inside. On the 17th of December there was an inquest on the hand, but it was adjourned for a medical report. Ten doctors examined the hand, and some of them partially, dissected it. It was a left hand. If it had been a right hand it would not have been Howard's, for Howard had ho thumb on the right hand, while this hand was perfect It was only inches long from the wrist to the end of the forefinger, and was only 8|- inches round the knuckles; but the surgeonB did not report that it was a woman's hand. It was severed above the wrist, but the report did not say it was not bitten off by a shark. There were some marks of decomposition, but the doctor did not report that it had been longer under earth than under water. Nevertheless the police took to opening graves to see where the hand had come from. They also arrested the widow and the two Godfreys, and circulated among the force a description of the drowned man, for whose arrest the Insurance Offices privately offered a reward. Against the three accused persons already under the charge there was given just sufficient evidence to justify a succession of remands, until on January 4 last Mr. Alfred Howard was brought into Court and stationed alongside of his widow and the two men who had found a portion of his body. He had been aireste at Petone. a suburb of Wellington, a town TO miles off, and in the Northern Island. On the evening of the drowning a Mr. John Blair Watt took his passage by the steamer to Wellington. Unlike the drowned man, he had dark, straight hair, only a tuft instead of a bushy beard, ard a daik moustache instead of a fair one, while a pair of *• goggles" conctaled his eyes. Nevertheless, the pas- *ei:ger was Mr. Howard. Arrived at Wtllirgton, he earned his living honestly ard bthaved with a good deal of discrelim, ard m'ghfc have remained there tafely till now if he had not gone to a trade picnic, where a too clever constable took note of the missing thumb. So complete indeed was his disguise that he returned to Summer Beach in an excursion boat for Anniversary Day, and acted the part of the stranger who took so much interest in the discovery of the hand by the Godfreys, and lent them the newspaper in winch to wrap it. The police of Christchurch, though he was their own townsman and was advertised, with all his marks, in the police circular, failed to recognise him, and he returned in safety to Wellington, to fail the prey of a simple constable. In Wellington he had even been taken to the station in custody on a trumpery charge, and set at liberty without being recognised. At last, however, he stands committed for trial along with his wife and the two Godfreys, the latterthreebeingout on baiL The evidence adduced for the prosecution is to the effect above stated, and, as will be seen, it does not press very hard upon the Godfreys, but shows a strong case against the Howards. And here ends the first act of the drama, which the New Zealanders are pleased to call "The Mystery of the Severed Hand." 