Simon and St. Judo's New Church* The foundation stone of St. Simon and St. Judo's new church building was laid by the Bishop of Sydney on Tuesday afternoon, in the presence of about 200 persons. The ceremony was commenced by singing tho 541st hymn, after which there was a psalm and prayer. The clergymen present on the platform wore REv. J. Debenham(incumbent G. Shepherd ( Berrima) , J. H. Millions (Sutton Forest), T. J. Hofforuan (Bong Bong), D. T. Smith (Biurawang), and P, C. Williams (Mittagong. Tho Eov. H. W. T. Pincombo (Wesleynn) was also present; and thoRov. FatliorPotro (Roman Catholic) and Bov. B. Kenny (Primitive Methodist) who had received invitations to bo present, sont apologies for their absence. Before prooooding to lay tlio stono Bishop Barry was presented with a vory chaste sterling silver trowel, inlaid with gold. The inscription had not been engravod upon it, but that is to bo done nt onco. Mr. C. Bennett, in a fow words appropriate to the occasion, made the presentation on behalf of tho incumbent and building committee, His Lordship replying that the gift was accepted with groat thanks. His Lordship then took a mallet and tho trowel and duly laid tho stono, ropeating: " In tho faith of God, and with prayers for His blessing, wo lay this stono in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Prayer was noxt offered by the Bishop, followed by hymn GiO being sung by the churoh choir. These proceedings having beou concludcd Bishop Barry delivered a short address. His Lordship expressed the hope that those who had commenced tho good work of that day would also endeavour to mako it com plete. Thero was much work to bo done beforo the stono was laid, the difficulties in connexion with it being almost greater than after the actual laying of the stone. The work commenced would require larger funds to complete it, and larger support and sym pathy. In Bowral everything spoke of pro gress, and as the place increased in size and in population, the giving of greater accommodation in the church had been found necessary. He confossed that he liked to see churches simple and rude when the houses around them wore simple and rude alos ; but he did not like to see the church building rude when the houses around showed increasing signs of improvement. In all things perfection came from God; what was true of salvation was true also of such minor works as tbey had commenced that day. God began and finished his work in us ; He worked for us and in us. Lay ing the foundation stone of the material fabric that day was a symbol of the spiritual fabric which would bo raised up. It was his (Bishop Barry's) prayer that tho pooplo would pay special regard to the spiritual fabric, and that they would become knit together in one community. At the conclusion of the Bishop's address, the Rev. Mr. Debenham invited thoso who purposed doing so to lay tlioir donations upon the stono, aud he had much pleasure in announcing that ho had received the fol lowing letters from gentlemeu who wore unable to be present: from Captain Sulli van, enclosing a cheque for £10; from Messrs. Hordern Bros., enclosing a cheque for five guineas ; and from Mr. —. Cullen, containing a cheque for two guineas. These cheques Mr. Debenham laid upon the atone, and they were augmented by other donations from among those present, tho total amount reaching slightly over £45. Copies of the Sydney Morning Herald and the Bowral Free Press, together with coins of the realm and the following inscrip were laid in the cavity :— " The foundation-stone of this enlarged Church of St. Simon and St. Judo, Bowral, was laid on June 8, 1886, by tho Most Rev Alfred Barry, D.D., Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania. "Governor of the colony: The Right Hon. Baron Carrington. ™ " Mayor of the town i Mr. J. L. Campbell* '"Incumbent of the parish: The Rev. J. W. Debenham, M.A. " Building committee: Messrs, W. Allerdice, T. Angus, Dr. Chisholm, S. Dickenson, A. P. Duprez, J. Grey, Gavin George, H. E. Jones, Dr. B. D. Jones, A. Neich, Hamilton Osborne, H. H Osborne, H. M. Oxley, Dr. Morgan, Dr. Newmaroh, H. Pain, H. Pember, V. B. Riley, Colonel Roberts, P.L. C. Shepherd, S. A. Stephen, Captain Sullivan, R. L. Tooth. 11 Hon. Seo.: Mr. Copeland Bennett. " Hon. Treasurer: Mr. John Bowen. " Architect: Mr. T. W. Parrott. " Contractor: Mr. Charles Grove." We have previously made reference to the style of building to be erected, but a fuller description is here appended. In the first place it may be stated that the plan was a competitive design, tenders having been called for it, and eight different architects having competed, seven of them belonging to Sydney, and the eighth and successful tenderer being Mr. T. W. Parrott, of Bow ral. The plans were designed specially with a view to economy. They show a Gothic style of architecture, the walls being of brick with stone dressings, on concrete founda tions. What is described as a novel feature in church architecture is being introduced, these being iron columns (specially designed by Mr. Parrott), the strength of which, it is said, will be equal to stone columns, while not nearly so much space will be occupied by them. There will be two main entrances to the church, both being on the northern side, and approached by porches. Beside these there will be an entrance on either side of the church, one to the organ and the other to the vestry. The total length^of the church inside is 80 feet by 63 feet wide between the transeepts, and 40 feet wide in other parts. The height from floor to ridge inside is 27 feet, and there will be sitting accommodation for 450 persons. There will be 40 windows giving light to the main building, and ventilation has been well pro vided for. The church will be heated dur ing cold weather by what is known as Gill's warming apparatus. It will be the first of these, we are given to understand, iu use in the colonies. The roof of the building will be slate. The contract price, including the new schoolroom, which is approaching com pletion, is £2,500. The school building is also of brick on concrete foundations, slate roof, and pine-lined throughout on the in side. Its size is 50 feet by 22 feet inside, the ceilings being 10 feet high. The win dows are what is technically known as cathedral glass. The contractor for the whole work is Mr. Charles Grove, of Bow ral ; and it was Mr. Grove who, about twelve years ago built the old church which has now been removed to make room for the new. The church in course of erection will be practically a new building, almost the whole of the of the original structure having been removed. 