FOR LOVE ONLY ! ; Chapter VI. the old love and the new. " I 1 HOUGHT it better to come back here arid wait, knowing you would lie certain to turn up. I must confess, too, the ..thought .0? the fir-e. -was tempting. for I .was getting cold aii'd cross V. myself ;wa"ndering , about aimlessly so long-. Howt. 'ever, All's well that ends 'well,' " she added, smiling. Indeed her frame of mind was most amiable, for . .she sawv in Herbert's face that evertHirig 'had gone excellently well. She longed to be alone witlvhim and hear all. Dolly was very silent during.tthc home ward journey. ...She. felt halfffightened at -the rash s'tep "she had taken, and only the remembrance of Marion's magnanimous sacrifice prevented her from drawing back from the Ipromise sheihad' made. ' Herbert and arion, escorted Doliy to Belgrave- square, leaying her at the door wkh as many affectionate -farewells as if an ocean was to divide them. - , v Leering fan instant; ibehjmk /'Herbert pressed her hand to his lips. "Remember,!' he whispered/ hastily, then, turning, . walked ,hasti|y ; after his sister. , , Dolly expected a lecture from her aunt for being so late ; but, rather to h&r; re lief, Miss Lester . was so, full of a most strange and ' untoward -occurrence which had that day happened, that after a few hurried enquiries as to how she had en joyed herself, no more was said 011 the subject- of. the.excursion. - Miss Lester proceeded to inform Dolly at>ut - this;,directly jijiehjid, taken her if — . 'wraps oft, and had been refreshed by some tea. Poor Pinnock had been the victim of a silly and unkind practical 'joke, on the part of whom Miss Lester was at a loss to conjecture. They note by which she had been recalled to Belgrave-square had never been written by her mistress, neither had Miss Lester sent any message after the party. Unfortunately Pinnock had torn up and thrown away the missive after reading it, or the handwriting might have given a clue to the offender. The servants had all been questioned, Pinnock having privately informed her mistress that her suspicions lay upon a certain pert, pretty housemaid, whom she had been forced to rebuke for "staring so himperent at them sogers" out of the top floor windows. But even threats of dis missal failed to elicit anything, and in the absence of any proof nothing could be done. All denied having anything to do with it so emphatically that Miss Lester was forced, though most annoyed, to let the matter rest. She wearied Dolly by ques- fionand conjecture, dwelling on the subject with the persistence of elderly people, who are always more or less fond of hearing themselves talk. At any other time Dolly would have fully entered into her aunt's vexation, but to-night her mind was so fullofmore important things, she answered mechanically, hardly grasping the full im port of Miss Lester's words. Luckily the latter did not notice her niece's abstrac tion, 'or put it down to fatigue. " I suppose it will always remain a mystery," the old lady concluded, as the two parted for the night. " But go to bed, child ; you look as pale as a ghost, and it is too bad to keep you up talking like this." ' ' Marion's conversation with Herbert was highly satisfactory, to herself, at least. "You have done well — more than well. But what a little fool it is !" she replied, after hearing all Herbert had to say. " Uncomplimentary, though true. Now look here, Marion, there, is one thing about which there must be no mistake. You are quite sure her money is all right, for I'm hanged if I will, marry her unless I am certain of that. I'm not going to be your catspaw for nothing." The thin veneer of refinement was dropped, for the two were at least always ; perfectly honest to each other. ' I have told you again and again her money is her own to do as she pleases with directly she comes of age, which is very soon," Marion returned, impatiently. " Yes ; but if I run away with her, and marry her out of hand as you want me to do, how the .deuce are we to live until that blissful period?" You know I haven't a sou, and if her friends cut up rough, as 5JCQtitv»rl1\r fhotr t.n'll 4.1. -vi it. .1 — wuau ciicu lierDert persisted. ... " Herbert,,. you. are a coward to the backbone. Can't you be content to risk anything to win such a golden prize ?" " It s all very well for you to talk," Herbert grumbled, unheeding her inter ruption. " I don't see, after all, that you have much to risk. This fellow Blount has asked you to marry him, and if he doesn't that letter is good for substantial damages. All you are afraid of is that his proposal is only the- result of momen tary pique with this, girl, and that when he comes to -himself he will back out of it. Ergo, you want her out of the way, and I am to do the business for you. It seems to me that I am to have the lion's share of the trouble, for there will be a frightful row when all comes out, and precious little certainty of the reward." Marion had not been unprepared for his taking this tone. She had, "however, one certain weapon with which to reduce him to subjection, and, cost what it might the time was come to use it. "You speak of John Blount's letter. Would you like to know the truth about it ? she answered in low, concerated tones. " What more is there to know ? The fellow writes "to propose to you, and you put me up to the dodge of working on uollys ieelings by showing her the letter." her brother rejoined, impatiently. "Yes, he wrofce to me, but not as I made you believe. Knowing your vacil lating cowardice, I- dared not let you learn all the truth at once." Taking two letters, the one Herbert had just returned to her and another/she laid them before her brother. His coun tenance gradually became overshadowed by an ashy pallor as he examined them. Herbert was not quite so hardened as his lister, though fully; as unscrupulous and selfish. : " Marion," he cried/hoarsely, at length, " this shall riot, cacuiot be! You had no right to make me, .your, accomplice. I- swear, if ,1 had only known — " "If you had only known !— yes, exactly what I feared— ou would have spoiled all. As it is, .thank me that everything has succeeded beyond our wildest hopes. Know now, then, that my position is no better than yours, and that" I have risked infinitely more," Marion answered, look ing him fixedly in the face. ; "By Jove! I should 'think .you have. Why, you have f — " - " Hush ! Are . you . mad ? Walls have ears. Remember your interests and mine are indissolubiy united, whether to stand or fall, we must work together. Choose before it' is too late. Do you go through with this or not'?" Marion asked, glancing up with scorn into his hesitating, half- frightened countenance. " Do you want to be a pauper all your days, dragging out a miserable life of obscure. toil, or to fill the position of a' gentleman with means at your command to procure every pleasure and indulge every taste ?" She had struck the right chord. ".Oh ! of course it is no good drawing back now," Herbert returned, irritably. " As you have ' plunged ' so deeply I must stick by you, I suppose," A characteristic answer ; but Marion was well pleased, for the battle was won, as she thought. Had she forgotten that. The best laid schemes of beasts and men Gang oft agley ? And this, especially when they are ot evil intent. Chapter VIII. through darkness to light. John Blount sat in his study at Ashley Grange, busily engaged in looking over deeds and papers. His face was haggard and worn as a pile of legal-looking memoranda before him he added up row after row of figures — always with the same result. How many hours had he spent thus ? " Poor child ! if she only knew ; but never shall. What madness " Uncle Geoffrey !" He leaned back in his chair in deep thought. The sunlight streaming in at the mullioned window shone on his bowed head, and showed with distinctness some silver streaks in his hair a.id beard, which had not been there, some months before. A. gentle knock at the door roused him from 'his reverie. " A lady wishes to see you, sir," the parlour maid announced. John had discharged his menservants a short while previously, alleging that he had lately sustained losses which forced him to to reduce his establishment. " A lady ? Who — and where ?" he asked, with some surprise. His bachelor establishment was rarely invaded by the fairer sex. " She is in the library, sir. I asked her name, but she told me only to say ' a friend." " Odd !" John murmured, as he sought the room where his mysterious visitor awaited him. " Probably it is someone with a subscription list for the hospital 1 or new church, who, upon the strength of having met me once at some acquaint ance's house, calls herself my 'friend.' Well, I must, I fear, reduce my charities, though it goes against the grain. I ought not to forget that I am a poorer man now." He entered the library, and bowed courteously, seeing a tall lady, enveloped in a fur-lined travelling cloak and weal ing a veil over her face, advance towards him. "To what am I indebted for the pleasure — " he was beginning. The next instant, as she raised her veil, he gave a cry of surprise and alarm. " Miss Delorme ! Why — " " What brings you here you were , going to say," Marion interrupted, with a ; gesture full of sadness. " Indeed, you i may well ask. Prepare yourself, Mr. ' Blount. I think you can guess that the reason must be weighty indeed which has caused me thus to seek your presence —alone. But you have called me your friend, and I couldn't bear that you should hear what I have come to tell from other lips." John Blount had stood as though turned to stone. What dreadful thing was this ? Why could she not speak faster ? "For Heaven's sake explain yourself!" he cried, seizing Marion by the arm with a grasp that made her nerves tingle. " What is the matter ? No — you need not tell me. I can see it in your face. Dolly is ill — is dead." Marion was terrified by the set, white calmness of his expression ; but she did not intend to spare him. " No, she is not dead ; but I fear what I have to tell will give you almost equal pain. Oh ! how shall I say it ? The shame, the disgrace seems to touch lis all so nearly. Dolly has left her home with my brother Herbert." Marion bowed her face on her hands and appeared to weep — in fact, she ' really shed tears, her nervous excitement 1 was so great. | For a few minutes a silence which could be felt reigned in the room. John I Blount neither looked at or spoke to the ' sobbing girl. He grasped the back of a ' chair with a tension of muscular strength which made the sinews stand out in bold 1 relief on his hands, and his breathing | sounded heavy and laboured. Ah ! the agony of those moments. John never forgot it as long as he lived. . ! " And you knew of this, and yet wrote ' to me as you did ?" he said at length,' quietly and , reproachfully.! , He had mastered (his passion, and only dull despair remained. "I ! Mr. Blount, you think me so treacherous — so base ? What have I done to deserve this ?" To be continued. 