THE PLENARY CODHCtt. PASTORAL LETTER OF THE ARCH- BISHOPS AND BISHOPS. THE pastoral letter prepared at the recent meeting of the Roman Catholic Plenary Council was read on Sunday evening, 28th March, at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. It is entitled "Pastoral Letter of the Archbishops and Bishops of Australasia in Plenary Council assembled to the clergy and laity of their charge," and is addressed to the " Venerable and beloved Brethren of the clergy, beloved Children of the laity." "GROWTH OF THE AUSTRALASIAS CHURCH. "The prevalent impression on our minds during these days of our council is one of intense thankfulness to God, who has so blessed the mustard seed of the faith in the Church of Australasia. At a date so recent as to be quite within the lifetime of men still moving amongst us there was not one priest, nor one single altar, in all these southern lands. It is not simply that the ministration of the Church was poor and scant; bnt, as a matter of fact, it did not exist. Children came into the world'and there was no Catholic clergyman nearer than the northern hemisphere to baptize them. Old men were dying on the scaffold, or in their beds, but the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and the coral seaa of the north, lay between them and all the sacraments of the dying. Within sight of where we are now assembled the mystery of our faith, the most Holy Sacrament, was preserved by stealth in a poor man'a house. It and its few faithful lay worshippers were the whole of God's Church in this part of the world at the beginning of the current century. At the present hour the priests in the colonies number several hundreds; the churches are among the most beautiful in Christendom; and there is scarcely a religious community in the old world which is not largely represented in our midst. Every town has its convent and Catholic schools ; and an assembly of 18 Australasian prelates meets here in this capital of New South Wales. A Cardinal is Archbishop of Sydney, and presides over such meetings. Such a contrast between the beginning and the close of century is unexampled in history. Such a blessing of fruitfulness is unparalleled since the early ages of the Apostles. It is with a view of corresponding, to our utmost, with this immense generosity of God's grace, of answering, as earnest men, to this challenge of heaven's liberality, that we are gathered here to-day. The successor of St. Peter directs us to meet together, and, having firstly turned to the giver with recognition and thanks, to provide, by forethought and legislation, for the stability, protection, and development of this so favourable position in the Church. At the call of the delegate of the Holy See, and for the high purpose set before us—the benefit of the Kingdom of Christ—we have travelled, some of us, many thousand miles from our cathedral cities, to take part in the prayers and in the deliberations of this Plenary Council. And, now that our consultations are drawing to a close, we are satisfied that God has blessed our aspirations, and that the Redeemer has amply fulfilled His promise to be in our midst. Our meetings have been characterised by singular one-mindedness; and onr decisions now go on to Rome to be there amended, wherever amending is deemed necessary; and then, we hope, to be sanctioned and blessed by the Vicar of Jesus Christ." "POSITION OF THE CLERGY. The body of the letter is divided into two parts—clergy and laity. With reference to the former it says:—" As regards our clergy—those who have left home and kin, and who deny themselves so much that the world offers, in order that they may work with us in the Master's vineyard—we have decided to submit to the Holy Father our opinion that they have a title to share, to some extent, that permanency of position which hitherto has been possessed by bishops only, in Australia. From the same illustrious body—and where could they seek better advisers ?—we wish that each bishop should form to himself a council, which he will consult in matters of graver moment. Such of the priests forming this council as have permanent charges would be called parish priests ; those members who are not parish priests would be canons, with certain corresponding attributes. It is our desire also that the administrator of a diocese, sede vacante, would be taken from its clergy, should the last prelate have died without making any provision for its government. It is our duty to remind the clergy that, among the many agencies which God and His Church place in their hands for a successful apostleship in their parishes, three principally stand forth. And of these the first, in many senses, is the example of the clergyman's own life. The second means is the 'Status Animarum,' or religious census of the parish. No priest in charge of a mission should be without this Register ; and there is no work of his which will better repay the time and the labour expended on it than such census will. It must be revived each year under the personal supervision of the parish prieBt or of his curates. The third means is the furnishing to the people a constant and easy access to the sacraments. Of the priests' duty towards the Catholic education of the youth of these colonies we believe it unnecessary to say much. The duty seems to be universally recognised by them and zealously discharged." The letter then goes on to speak of special devotions, Catholic associations, the necessity for establishing temperance societies, the association for the propagation of the faith, Catholic circulating libraries, etc. The portion referring to the laity is as follows:— "THE CHURCH IN EVERY- DAY LIFE. " There are, more or less, in every part of the civilised globe worldly persons who would confine the action and influence of the priesthood wholly within the rails of the sanctuary. They pretend to tolerate her ministers as a caste, allowing to them, at best, the dim honour of what, they rejoice to fancy, is a quickly-waning religious light. They put the clergy in the same class as other Sabbath-day garments, to appear on certain recognised occasions of parade or solemnity. But they hate to see the Church exercising her influence in every-day life. 'Let her,' these men say, baptize infants, officiate for those who wish to attend her temples on Sunday, and in her suitable rites at the solemnity of funerals, but there let it end — she must leave the machinery of every-day life to us.' Men who speak thus have always some evil passion to gratify, and they find the Church of God the only strong barrier against them. History is wife, and take to himself and to the throne of England another woman. The Church was the obstacle in his way, and hence he decides that the Church must retire within such limits as will not interfere with him. And so it has been before his time and since, and probably will ever be. Immoral men wished to minimise, if not quite destroy, the sacredness of marriage ; the socialists seek to break down the rights of property, and to give to the thief or the idler the earnings of the honest and industrious man; revolutionists strive to destroy the fabric of the State, hoping, in the extinction of the supreme po wer,and in the general confusion to better their own position. All such men find the Church sorely in their way, and raise some one of the stereotyped cries against her—' Let her keep to her altars and her prayer-books, and leave the management of the world to us.' But we tell you that the Church's business is in every spot where her children are. Wherever sin and Satan may attack them, be it by the faixily hearth-stone, or in the market-place, in the school-room or in the senate, in the lowest slums of the city or in the highest circles of social life, the Church has not merely a right, but a divinely imposed duty to be present. She must stand before the Ca3sars of vice as before the Csesars of power; she must not be dismayed by opposition, discountenanced by ridicule, nor discouraged by momentary failure. Her ministers must, if needs be, cheerfully leave their lives on the arena; but living, they must fight the good fight; and dying, they know that the victory is theirs. ' Conjidite, ego vici mundnm.' It is in this spirit, therefore, beloved children of the laity, that—having spoken at some length to your immediate pastors, the clergy, on several of their charges in your regard—we address the following remarks on certain matters of ordinary life more directly to yourselves. "FIXED H03IES. " We beseech you, in the first place, to aim assiduously at making settled homes for your families. Ordinarily speaking, there is no more necessary, as there is no more abundant, channel of God's grace to men than a good Christian home. It is a cradle of purity to the little ones of the household ; and, to the older members, it is a shrine whence virtue appeals surrounded by its most interesting and most winning attributes. Those who live in the country districts, whether agricultural or pastoral, should strive to secure for themselves a just share in the public lands, otherwise when these latter are no longer in the market their children muBt necessarily be shearers or farm labourers, wandering from shed to shed and from harvest to harvest. You surely love your children as much as your fellow-colonists love theirs. You as heartily crave that in after life you may be affectionately remembered by them. Why, then, do so many of you leave them no heritage but that of daily toil ? Why do you leave it in their power to think by-andby—'If father had even a little thought for us we might be as well off to-day as the best of our neighbours.' " SCHOOLS. "We beg you all to place your children, early in their childhood, at good Catholic schools, and to endeavour, by every means in your power, to keep them there in constant attendance. The child whose early years have been spent in a well-ordered Catholic home, and in regular and healthy attendance at a good Christian school, has made the best preparation towards meeting the temptations and dangers which beset the manhood years of all. " MORNING AND NIGHT PEAYER, THE ROSARY. "The work of the day for parents and children should begin with morning prayer. God, in the old law, commanded his chosen people to offer to himself, in recognition of his supremacy, the first annual fruits Of the earth. The same God expects, in similar recognition, from every Christian the first waking thought of the morning, the first homage of the heart resuming its daily consciousness. Where possible, morning prayer should be a common duty of the household. The few minutes it requires can be easily secured. The benefits, to parent and child, derivable from it are great in the present and incalculable in the future. When, at night, the Almighty again gathers the members of a home beneath the family roof-tree, all should, before retiring to rest, join in that beautiful prayer which strings, one by one, the most appealing scenes of Christ's life on the thread of the rosary beads. The words brought down from heaven by an angel; the imagery coming straight from Bethlehem, and Calvary and Olivet; the prayers asking protection for the present and for the hour of death; and the gentle spirit of affection to Blessed Mary, which softens and sweetens the whole, should endear the devotion of the holy rosary to every Catholic, family. We believe that the father and mother who frequently neglect evening household prayers are guilty of a serious dereliction of their duty, as well towards themselves as towards the Christian training of their children. And we are satisfied, on the other hand, that evening prayer and rosary, said constantly in common, cannot fail to instil piety and faith into children, till these latter become a second nature to them. In long after years, perhaps in far distant lands, and in very perilous circumstances, they will take a more than mother's place. The memory of the night prayer in the cottage home of one's parents and one's childhood will speak with a winningness all its ovrn, and be listened to for good, when the priest's voice is not heard, or, if heard, is not heeded. Catholic brethren, you who give so generously to build your noble churches, and who so love to see your temples fair and decorous, remember that your little ones' first lesson in piety and virtue is your own example, and their first initiation into common worship your household prayer. If in the former you lead them astray, and in the latter you neglect them, the deepest abyss of the sea would be better than the lot that awaits you. " ATTENDANCE AT CHURCH OIT SUNDAY. "What we have been saying of household prayer leads ns to its more elevated form— Sunday worship. Mount Calvary, as the altar pn which the one stupendous sacrifice worthy of God and satisfying His justice was offered, is to us the most important scene of Christ's work on earth. Through it the promised pardon was realised, and from it all His sacraments derive their strength. So, also, the holy Sacrifice of -the Mass—the continuation of Calvary—is the one holocaust left to us by the Saviour to perpetuate and keep living Hw act of redemption. It primarily, and in a certain sense alone, keeps open the intercourse between heaven and earth, re-established by Him. An Christ did not change or cancel the commandments, 'Thou. shalt not kill,' and! HjtkmjUfm holy' is principally to take is the sacrifice of the Mass. And this is the ordination, not of man, but of Him who says, ' This is My blood, which shall be shed for yon and for many, unto the remission of sins . . . . do ye this in commemoration of Me.' This obligation of sanctifying the Sunday, and of sanctifying it thus, is well understood by you. We exhort you to be faithful in fulfilling it, and to bring np your children in the same practice. With far more fervour and reality than the prophet in the Old Testament may we cry out, ' There is no nation under heaven which has its God so near to'it as our God is nigh unto us.' The Mass is, as we have said, the perpetuation of Calvary. In it are present the very blood there shed, and the body there immolated. For you and yours, for the living and the dead belonging to you, that precious blood is there being poured out, and that sacred body is there being offered. What an invitation to you to be present! What a challenge to all the gratitude and love of which your soul is capable ! What an opening for pardon, and what an opportunity for grace! That most solemn moment called of consecration' is placed by God's saints n the most precious setting of the Church's liturgy. The angels and the apostles a»d martyrs are invoked, the words of Christ, as the Holy Ghost has penned them down in the Gospels, are read, and into that saintly assemblage, that holy of holies, you are invited. The Catholic who, unless prevented by serious obstacle, absents himself from Mass on Sunday or Holiday of Obligation is guilty of a grievous sin. His omission is a grave disobedience to that Church to which Christ has said:—' He that hears you hears Me, and he that despises you despises Me.' It is also a contempt of God's greatest mercy, and a very serious neglect of the means of salvation. "FREQUENT COMMUNION. " With the holy sacrifice of the Mass, prophet and apostle have united the receiving of the blessed Eucharist. 'As often as you eat this bread,'says St. Paul, 'and drink this chalice, you shall announce the death of the Lord.' During the first persecutions, daily communion was an ordinary practice in many parts of the Church. In the days of the penal laws Mass was seldom said in Ireland or England that all present did not communicate. And well, in those times, might men so live, for from hour to hour they stood face to face with death. At present daily communion is found only within the cloister; and the number of even weekly or monthly communicants is not one-fourth of what it should be. Christ 'prepares His banquet, and sends out His messengers to call those who were invited.' He adds,'' Unless you eat of the flesh of the Son of Man, you shall not have life in you.' Yet, many Catholics pass whole years rejecting the invitation and defying the threat. The piety of young children attending school, or just after leaving it, is frequently exposed to the grave scandal of a father who for years does not approach the holy table. What a terrible judgment is such a parent laying up for himself I How false is he to the Christ, whose words he pretends to believe are those of eternal life 1 How cruelly misleading is he to his children, in whom his example, stronger than all instruction, is daily tending to produce a similar neglect! The notion that religion is good and pleasing in children and women, but is not expected from business men, is widely preached, and, even where not believed, is largely practised. But this false theory, so insulting to man and so slanderous of his Maker, strikes its roots only into hearts over-balanced by self-pride, or corrupted by avarice or immorality. Religion came directly from God. It was communicated not to the stars in the sky, nor to the beasts of the field, but to man, the noblest of God's works. Its first form was that of a mandate, which, while requiring from Adam an homage to the Creator's supreme dominion, tendered to him at the same moment a splendid recognition of his intelligence and free will. From that hour to the present day man has lowered or raised himself in the scale of creation, according as his life has been a refusal or a realising of his duty to God. Hence it is that the meanest races of humanity have ever been those in whom religion has had least part; and, on the other hand, the highest in intelligence are invariably found to be such as are most permeated by thoughts of God. As it is with races, so also is it generally with individuals. The great men of every department of life have been charged with and elevated by the spirit of religion. Catholic parents, we trust that you will close the doors of your children's homes against this wicked indifferentism, which withdraws the soul from God. If, unhappily, yourselves have hitherto been bad examples in your families, we beseech you open your eyes to the danger of your sons and daughters becoming victims of the same carelessness or unbelief. "EARLY EMPLOYMENT OF CHILDREN. " When your children leave school do not permit the spirit and habits there acquired to perish. The years which intervene between the end of school time and the first dawn of manhood or womanhood are the most important of all one's life. It is then that tastes begin to develop themselves ; passions have then to learn whether they are to be the rulers or the ruled ; comradeships and associations begin to be formed; habits settle themselves on the heart and the mind; and the spirit which is to govern the soul during after life enthrones itself firmly therein. And yet it is at this very period that young girls and young boys are most left to themselves. Would to God it was only ' to themselves 1' Alas, in how many instances are they left to the first unsuitable companions that seize on them, to irregular hours, and to still more irregular]habits! The discipline of school life, and the respect for authority which it creates, soon give way to a time of uncontrol and irresponsibility; the wishes of parents are disrespected, the inculcations of religion and morality are set aside, and often the very laws' of the State are outraged, till at last the innocent and promising Catholic school child of a couple of years ago, the centre of parents' and; teachers' love and hopes, becomes the settled-: down outcast of society. To whom is this sad result, this great disappointment,to be imputed 2 To the parents, and to the parents alone. After leaTing school, the boy or girl, but especially the former, should be immediately bound to some trade or profession. Let every care be taken to makd sure that the occupation selected is healthy and suitable, and that the persons into the com-i pany of whom the young apprentice is nepessarily brought are virtuous and improving: These points being ascertained, let -there be no' mistaken kindness ; no time allowed for habitti ginner. Through undefinedness of training and of purpose very many of our people neglect to place their children in the ranks of skilled labour. Hence, in after years, you find Catholics abundant in the police force, in the navvy camps, in the labour gangs of large contractors, in the charge of public- houses, on the wharves and on the cab-stands, dammaking or fencing in the far interior, timber-getting by the fever-stricken estuaries along the northern coast. In fact, you find those poor fellows wherever the hours are long, the climate merciless, the labour unskilled, the comforts few, and the remuneration small. Why is all this the case ? Because their parents brought them up to nothing better. Dearly beloved, open your eyes to this mistake. No enemy could do you more injury than by this listlessness and shortsightedness you are thus doing to yourselves, and to those whom you love more dearly still. You who are already working on new railway construction avoid those curses of large public works, gambling and intemperance. Save your earnings for a couple of years, get homesteads, and make yourselves some provision and resting-place for the evening of your life. Bring yourselves within the influence and comfort of religion. God never meant the Irish Catholic to be the wanderer that he is over the face of the earth. "MIXED MARRIAGES. "Amongst the most serious impediments to common family, as well as common Sunday worship, are mixed marriages. In fact, the former cannot have place with the latter ; and, we may add, the latter cannot happen where the former have been healthily practised. The young man or maiden who has from infancy lived in an atmosphere of Catholic common prayer will not easily picture happiness for himself or herself in a faith-divided household. On the other hand, mixed marriages render difficult—often almost impossible—all the duties of a Catholic home. Religion, which ought to bless a house with peace, and help husband and wife, where necessary, to mutual forbearance, is often the chief cause of dissension and of life-long quarrels. The fancy, so common before mixed marriages, that ' we are all worshipping the one God,' however plausible in theory, does not, in after life, when worship takes on itself the forms of actual practice, realise a single one of its delusive promises. The 'morning offering' of the children; the prayers they are to be taught; the schools they are to attend ; the catechism they have to learn at home in the evenings; the sacraments for which in succession they are to be prepared, and which they are to receive; the beautiful ceremonies of their first communion and confirmation—all, in a thoroughly Catholic household, are so many graces descending directly from heaven, and largely blessing the parents as well as the little ones. On the other hand, in homes of mixed religion, how many times do not those should-be sources of happiness become occasions of strife among the parents, and scandal to the children. Sometimes a Catholie young woman is satisfied that her promised husband ' will not interfere,' that he will ' allow her to have her own way with her children.' Does she calculate on the danger of his changing his mind, or the possibility of his relatives by- and-bye challenging him over his ' weakness in giving-in on such a point to a woman ?' And in the best of circumstances, does she set before herself the having to do without his aid and support in all that regards the religious forming of the children's minds and habits ? The inertness of her husband in the matter of religion—and inertness is the best thing she hopes for—will reproduce itself in her boys as they grow nigh to manhood. Indeed, unless where a father has made himself a degraded or repulsive character, the sons almost invariably form themselves on his model. They continue to love and respect their mother, and her relation to them ; but they shuffle off her ' woman's piety.' Again, what weight can her words have with her sons and daughters when, in after life, she tries to dissuade them from taking to themselves spouses from outside the Church? Many young girls attempt to defend their contemplated union with non-Catholics by saying, ' My father was not a Catholic, yet he and mother got on very well.' If such was the case, it was a rare exception amidst a host of unhappy marriages. Besides, we would say to such reasoning : ' Your present easiness of conscience as to the religion of your future partner is probably the result of your mother's first mistake, and of your own childhood spent in an atmosphere of religious indifference. What will the next generation be ? How sad Is all this compared with the picture which a healthy Catholic household presents I And yet what we have been describing is an exceptionally good phase of a mixed marriage. There are many instances where the domestic life is one ceaseless domestic war. The husband, it may be, leaves the children to the stronger will or to the greater earnestness of the mother. But how often does the_ sneer of itself on his lips ? How often, in the very presence of her little ones, has the poor mother to listen to him, covering with his blasphemy the truths she so strives to make sacred to their young hearts? In reverses, like the pagans of old, he lays the blame on her religion; and drunkenness and anger, where such are indulged in, find, in the difference of creeds, ready and .abundant material for abuse. A life spent in this misery often ends in a death of a still- greater wretchedness. Many women circumstanced as we have been saying, find themselves, after a short ten or fifteen years of motherhood, with an early death summoning them out of the world. The bitterest thought of that moment—a bitterness which faith itself, in a sense, makes only more biting—is the anncipation of the fate that awaits her children. They, she knows, will no longer be Catholics: ' they will be handed 'over, here and there, to his people, 1 or some strange woman, most likely a non-Catholic, brought in over them.' Were her husband of her own belief, she might hope that, in some Catholic institution, one or 'other of the saintly sisterhoods of her Church would still shelter the faith of her nestlings. But she feels now, and feels with remorse and dismay, that at her own death all Catholicity dies for .them. The - beautiful Sunday's Mass of her own childhood, and of theirs,"the' Hail Mary' and' Holy Mary' of evening prayer, the example and protection of the Mother of God, the check, and, at the same time, the consolation of confession, the bliss of the 'Eucharistic communion, the timely monition of priest and nun—all. these are hencefor ward for mother women's children, but not for hers. The creed she strove against is to have them now all to itself without possibility of a protest from her. The struggle is over, and she is beaten J Church, hut the mother died in their infancy, and the care of them fell to the friends of the non- Catholic father. Sad as are those cases -which we have been describing, there are mixed marriages of a still more deplorable character, Sometimes the parents agree to divide the children 1 between them—the " - SODS «re to follow - " - the " father, ' " and he brought up non- Catholic; the mother is to have the girls. No Catholic woman can conscientiously enter into any such arrangement; nor, having entered into it, can she abide by it. As well might she contract to give half her own soul to a true worship, aud half to a false one; or half her Sunday prayers in a non- Catholic temple, and the other half in a Catholic church, as covenant to give one portion of her children to au alien faith, and the other to the true one. If she believes, as every Catholic is bound to hold, that Christ is really present in the sacrament of the altar, Ehe cannot, without- treason to God aud iujustice to her sons, allow these latter to be tiught that the sacred host is but a'wafer,'and that those who worship the Almighty in it are idolatoi-s. llceognising herself, in belief and in practice, that the Eedeemer has instituted in His Church the power of forgiving sin, and an authority to 'bind' by laws, and to ' loose' by indulgence, she cannot permit, or contract to permit, that any one of her children be trained to despise tliis authority or ridicule that power. She professes her faith in the life-giving power of the sacraments, and in the great benefit of the intercession of the Virgin Mary and the saints; yet, while so doing, she insults Ciod, and grievously defrauds her children, by undertaking that they Fhitll be brought up not to avail of the sacraments nor to have recourse to the prayers of either Virgin or snicts. King Jeroboam * withdrew " " ten " of the " tri' tribes of Jacob from the one temple aud one priesthood of Jerusalem; and he is known ever after, through the inspired writings, as 'ho who made Israel to sin.' He committed this treason to his God and liis traditions for certain earthly motives; and the Word of God has branded and chronicled his schism and its object throughout all ages. What judgment awaits a mother who similarly, for an earthly motive, rends the Israel of her household, and, while sending one- half to the temple of the true Jerusalem, agrees to let the other half worship at the altars of the schismatic king! Again— for on this subject of mixed marriages we must speak fully and plainly—there are painful instances of weak- minded women marrying non-Catholics— their superiors in education, position, or strength of will. From first to last such women are mere ciphers in their houses. Craven-hearted, they are afraid to go to Mass on Sunday, lest their husbands should frown on or sneer at their doing so. They will not go to confession in the public church, and at the ordinary hours, lest ' some bad- minded person might see them, and report it to him or his friends.' The approaching birth of their first-born, which ought to be—and, in a home of undivided faith, would be—such an epoch of joy, is to them a time of extra anxiety. Their consciences are not dead within them, and they feel the obligation of having the coming infant baptised in the true faith; but they dread speaking of it, and they hate to think of what they know will happen. By-and-bye there is the mother stealing to the priest, in the absence of the husband, aud in Bad fear and trembling lest anyone should know of it; there is the beggin that the child may be christened privately; an finally the acknowledgment that she dares not promise, even to her own heart, that she will try to bring up the child a Catholic, or teach it Catholic prayers, or instruct it in Catholic doctrine. What a cheerless, dismal void must that heart be at that moment! Is this the happy married life she used to promise herself; is this the blessedness that her young motherhood brings to her ? Years, as they roll on, only .make things worse. The young people become more and more separated from her; and —however it may be with a father, who is sure to have many other interests—what can fill the void left in a mother's heart by the removal of her children! She is allowed to look at their food and raiment; but an alien schoolmistress lias her little girls' secular instruction; an alien minister has the formation of their religious feelings. She, their mother, has no voice in either. Is it any wonder that many women so circumstanced become drunkards or insane 1 Is there, on this side of the grave, a more dismal lot, or a more severe punishment, for one selfwilled step 1 One more species of mixed marriage, and we finish, for the present, with this disheartening topic. There are parents, falsely calling themselves by the glorious title of Catholics, who, to use their own expression, 1 for peace sake' sink their children's faith, and probably the practice of their own, rather than risk the grumbling of a non- Catholic wife or husband. Such abandonment of God and truth, such base silence, is not peace, or, if you will, it is the peace of the charnel-house. It is the ' peace' which Nabuchodonosor and Titus spread over the Holy City. It is the ' peace' which Christ calls 'the abomination of desolation;' where the altar of the living God is overturned: the lamp of the sanctuary extinguished; the little ones cry all day for the bread of life, and there is none to break it to them. It is like the ' peace' which the suicide seeks—it is the stagnation of the pool; it is the ' whited sepulchre, 1 described by the Saviour—' an outside calm and fair, and an inside filled with rottenness and dead bones.' The Catholics, men or women, who fancy that they can keep their own foothold in the true Church, and let even one of their children be brought up outside it, are not in the way of salvation. Perhaps, indeed, they do not trouble themselves about their own safety, and in them are realised the terrible words of Scripture (Tobias vi. 17), ' They in such a manner receive matrimony as to shut out God from themselves and from their mind.' Their conduct is as inhuman and criminal as would have been that of Noah if, himself being safe in the ark, he coldly looked therefrom at a son or daughter struggling to death in the abyss. No priest can give to such persons communion while they live, or the rites of religion when they die. Tour venerable E asters assembled in Provincial Synod at Mel ourne in 1869 did not hesitate to write that in such marriages as we have been describing ' every worldly motive is intensified, every spiritual object andresponsibilityisbedimmeaandattenuated. Mixed marriages are formed by those whose faith is partly suffocated by the unwholesome atmosphere of indifferentism, consciously or unconsciously ; and mixed marriages directly propagate indifferentism,' and they add the exhortation which we emphatically repeat:—'We call upon the clergy to place these things more frequently before the minds of their people, and to do it with the gentleness and delicacy and firmness of the spirit of Christ their Lord.' In all that we have been saying on this subject of mixed marriages, we remind you that neither the teachings nor the enactments are ours only. They are in the very head and front of God's direct legislation. Speaking to the people of Israel (Deut. vii. 3) about the various nations surrounding them, He says:—' Thou shalt not make marriage with them. Thou shalt not give thy daughter to his son, nor take his daughter for thy son. For she will turn away thy son from following me,' &c.; How many instances do we not see eveiy toy of this forsaking of God arising from mixed marriages? And with such examples staring us in the face, and with the words of Holy Writ ringing in our oars, how can we be silent ? "CATHOLIC EDUCATION. " A powerful co-operator with mixed marriages in hostility to the Catholic Church is godless education. The former desolate the home and home hours, banishing therefrom the household prayer, and its thousand elevating helpmates. The latter, in its turn, shuts out all recognition of God from the schools, and from the whole week-day occupation of children. In families of mixed religion all topics, whether of gain or pleasure, have a common Interest. They are canvassed and talked over with zest at the family , board or the evening gathering; and the children gain information and character from, listeniru; to tile] parents. One Bubject alone is tabooea 'for peace sake,' and that is the Maker to whom all is due. So, also, in godless schools all subject); have their teachers, their hours, their text-books, and their maturelydigested systems of instruction; all are provided for, regardless of trouble or expense; all are thought for, sad well thought for; all—except what the founder t of Christianity calls the 'one thing necessary." We e no quarael with the methods which are ordi- Sjr adopted in Australian State schools for the of arithmetic, geography, and grammar; their childhood, and during that time to rigidly exclude from them all knowledge of the Supreme Being. A respect for their teacher is impressed on the children's minds; an -_ affection - - - and a loyalty . to their country arc inculcated through every page of their earliest history; an esteem for the mother country, and a sisterly affection for the surrounding colonies, are through their reading and other textbooks unceasingly instilled into their hearts. This is, of course, right and just. But from the whole of this training—covering, as it does, the principal years of a child's life, to exclude all mention of God, all recognition of His; supremacy, and all instruction as to tlieir duties towards Him, is disloyalty to the Creator and dishonesty to the child. The Catholic Church cannot for one single hour be accessory to such a wrong. Hence she has ever, and all over the world, raised her voice loudly against all eucli sapless systems of education. No plan which clever statesmen could devise to overcome licr opposition has been omitted. It was sought to separate the laity from tlie priesthood in this resistance, but in vain. Jler clergy never cease to warn parents of their duty in "this matter; and, to their praise be it recorded, her laity have unswervingly answered her, ' To whom would we go—thou hast the word of eternal life 1' Huge bribes have been placed ready to their liand, palatial school buildings have been everywhere erected by the State, scholarships and other large money prizes have been lavishly offered ; but the reply of the Catholic of to-day has been all through as that of the Hebrew children long ago, ' Thy sods, O king, we will not worship, and before the p-nlden statue we will not bow down.' It has 1-CL;I hoped to weary out the faith of the Church and the funds of the people, and statesmen have said,' It may be a matter of time, but the Catholics will have to succumb as well as the rest.' But in no place have they so succumbed, and least of all, perhaps, here in Australasia. The struggle in Australasia.—Within the last 10 to 15 years State aids have been -withdrawn from all Christian education in these colonies. The general feeling at the time was that its days were numbered. Some said that it was foolish of the Catholics to contemplate keeping up a system for themselves; some, that it was despotic of the clergy to ' force' the laity into the manifold self- impoverishment it would entail. Others believed that the mass of Boman Catholics might be willing enough to have Catholic schools, as long as they were not compelled to support them out of their own private means. 'For a while,' such people said, 'they will not complain; but by degrees, and with one excuse or another, the calls for funds will be grumbled at, and finally not responded to, and the schools will imperceptibly disappear.' 'It is better,' tlicy added, 'that the change should thus come unnoticeably and through the falling away of the Catholics themselves, than through anything which would seem to savourof persecution.' Men who love to find fault with the priests asserted that the zeal of these latter for religious education would be fervent as long as supplies came in readily and the organisation worked without much' trouble; but in the end—either through the. unbusiness habits of the priests, or their apathy, or their selfishness—such grumblers fully anticipated the early collapse of the Catholic schools. Alt human likelihood appeared to support these foreboders of evil. Result.—There were, it is true, a few, even in the hostile ranks, who, like Gamaliel (Acts v. 34), bad read history, and they warned their fellow senators, saying,—' Refrain from these men, and let them alone, for, if this counsel or this woTk is of men, it -will come to naught; but if it be of God, you cannot overthrow it, lest, perhaps, you be found even to work against God." The circumstances of Catholicity at the time these words were spoken were very similar to those in which the Australasian Church has been latterly placed as regards the education of her children. Like the first Christians, we also have gladly taken up the gage thrown down by the ' doctor of the law," and we appeal with confidence to all honourable men for judgment on the victory. God has been largely helpful of His Church during her present struggle. Be yourselves the witnesses of that help and the judges of the contest. Is she losing ground in her to-day's ;ood fight for Christian education 1 Are her schools [iminishing in number or falling off in efficiency" Can you not—each for his own locality—fully testify that within no period of Australasian history have Catholic educational establishments so multiplied themselves as they have been doing within the last 15 years ? And to whom is this due! We answer, almost solely to supernatural sources. What an encouragement this experience must be for all of us. What a conviction must it bring to the heart of every Catholic that God is with us. Truly at this moment does this Catholic Church of Australasia—especially in this matter of Christian schools—stand alone in this southern world. Truly, also, does she address herself to her children, in tlie inspired words of the prince of the apostles (Acts,iii., 1 Cor. i.( 23), ' Gold and silver we have not,' ricli scolarships and stately halls we cannot offer you; ' But what we have we give the name of Jesus Christ, a stumbling block to the Jews, and a folly to the infidels; but unto them who are called, the power and wisdom of God.' Having set before rejected them, and the special, almost miraculous manner in which the Almighty has blessed your efforts for religious schools here in Australia, we invite you to join with us in thanking that God who has so specially fostered our feeble efforts. Such thanks will best take the form of an unswerving loyalty in future. There have been, and there will, we are told, to the end be Catholics who, having opportunities of sending their children to Christian schools, compel them, nevertheless, to frequent those in which Christ is not recognised. Some do so to curry favour with those in high places, others for the sake of some scholarship, or other petty lucre to be gained. It is the old bartering of Judas with thosein high stations at his time (Matt. xxvi. 14, 15), 'What will you give mc they appointed istheinnocent ( blood, peddled away for a wordly woman's vanity, or a greedy man's pelf. Tou must not be scandalised or discouraged by such examples. The Church has every year to writs of some of her children what St. Paul did of one of his disciples (2 Tim. iv. 9), 'Demas hath left me loving this world." No doubt poor Demos gave some excuses to his master, the Apostle, to Sis companion, St. Luke (Colos. iv. 14, Phemon. i. 24), and to his fellow-Catholics. Probably lie thought'he was blindfolding' man and God by his speech. But the Word of God chronicles all so briefly,' Demas has left me loving this world.* Almost as dangerous as the example of vain Catholics is the specious reasoning of the supporters of godless education. This reasoning, as reasoning, is easily answered; as a shadowy make-believe covering, under which men mean to do what they wish, it is, of course, a cloud on which no impression can be made. Their arguments are reducible to two classes. They say that the arithmetical tables, the parts ot speech, the areas of the continents and oceans, Hulloh's scale, and Howard's gymnastics have no relation whatever to religion, and to introduce it into their study is almost the same as to bring it into tbe purchase of merchandise, or the making of a watch. This very common ianguago is throwing duet in the eyes of Catholics. We do not want to bring religion into the table-book or the inflections of the parts of speech; neither do we attempt any such folly in Catholic schools. Bat, while this exclusion of a specific religious element from a number of subjects taken separately and as such is, in a certain sense, admissible, the closely consecutive union of them, to the debarring all recognition of Qod, is to a Catholic intolerable. Let us take these materialists on their own ground. It is not necessary that a school child should eat or drink during an arithmetic or grammar lesson. If, however, you unite lesson to lesson, and study to study, to tbe exclusion of a just time for food and drink and sleep, you quickly extinguish the life of the body. So also, we say, if, by a similarlylinked union of those seoular classes yon shut out all opportunity of learning religion, you kill the life of the soul. It will be said:—'There are tbe mornings sad evenings, and the Sundays, for the worship of God; and there are the parents and the clergymen to teach and conduct that worship.* Snoh an answer can deceive no practical person. A school child's morning and evening are almost valueless save for. meal time. They are. in a doable sense, the twilight of Jibe he coming day. What chance has the knowledge rserrioeof the Creator in such circumstances t here is, finally, the secularist says, the hour ol unday school. Yes, but what State school teacher ould be satisfied with that sole hour for the imarting to a child a fair acquaintance with any ne secular sul.ject ? «lid can the Catholic Church cept in sufficient time for training in religion hat ,i schoolmaster would reject as totally inadeuate for instruction iu grammar or geography r Unhnppily there is no gainsaying the fact that where the secular system has its way, the child is taught to give more study to the probable derivation of a noun or the analysis of a sentence than to the knowledge of Chrint or of His law. What a shameful conclusion for Christian fathers and mothirs to have come to! And yet, these are not the worst features of this evil. Not only is the whole scboo time of the child thus craftily monopolised by secular lessons, but all his powers of appreciation are enlisted in their sole behalf. The entire machinery of a healthy and intelligently managed school, its encouragements audits penalties, and the seething and leavening which permeate it, seize on the boy or girl, and charge him or her totally with its spirit. Then there is the eagerness created by constant competition, tbe stimulus given by the respect of one's schoolmates, the locking forward to examinations, passes, prizes, and to tho publication of jwss' aud prize: lists. All these powerful agences, in a purely secular system, combine in excluding and ignoring every thougnt of Ood. Wuat wonder it, to a child so circumstanced, God is nothing-- or, at least, nothing to be immediately concerned about ? Place a boy or a girl in these surroundings, steep one of them in this atmosphere, Dot for one year or two, but for all their years from five to fifteen; accustom them during that long time to do all their working, all their important thinking, without a notion of God; keep before them from lisping infancy to the threshold of manhood or womanhood God-excluding knowledge as the one interest of their lives; and, finally, encircle them for all those years with companions who nro being similarly trained, and can you wonder if the result is practical infidelity ? What power—we ask common sense men—can the occasional prayer of a tired child, or the little Sunday-school hymn, have to affect the current we have been describing p We believe that, before long, our fellow-colonists of other creeds will open their eyes to the terrible void in public .instruction caused by the present absence of religion. An immense number of them are earnest in their desire for tbe solid good of tho young generation, and for the honour and prosperity of Australasia. They cannot expect either the one or the other from systems of education which shut out the Almighty from the whole school life of the child. But, however it may be with others, we owe it to our God and our Judge to be unwavering on this point. We endeavour, as is our duty, to speak to you about this important matter in no uncertain accents. You—except the very few Demases—will, we know, do your duty to your little ones and their Redeemer. One point more, and we shall pass on, for the present, from this subject of primary education. The excluders of God ! rom the school-training of His children saysome of them probably iu sincerity :—• We would be glad to infuse into our educational system the spirit and practice of religion; but where there are so many denominations, where there is so much disagreement as to what really is the trnereligion, this is impossible." ' Let the Churches," says Lord Houghton, when recently lecturing in support ot Secularism, 'settle among themselves what religion they wish taught, and let us know; in the meantime we shall instruct the children in reading, writing, and arithmetic.' Thin flippant language goes down with those who welcome any insolence to Christianity. It is unworthy of a logician or a statesman. If the nation, or its Department of Public Instruction, were asked to tsach religion, that is, to provide, train, and pay teachers thereof, there might be some appearance of reason in the remonstrance. Even then it might be required of it to take from the heads of recognised religious communities a nomination of fit instructors, and to furnish competent remuneration for the same. But the State is not, in our case, expected to teach religion. Not one word of what we have been saying, not a line of any contemporary Catholic writer, can be adduced to show that this is demanded by the Boman Catholic Church. What we do require is that the children in whose well-being we are specially concerned be left to their natural guardians, their parents, and that these latter, as tbey are bound to provide nurture for the children's bodies, be allowed to also select and furnish that of their souls. Permit these rightful custodians of the young to say in what class of school they wish them brought up. But do not add:— 1 'If you elect to educate them in schools of their own faith, or, indeed, if you place them in establishments where God, His Christ, or His law is in any form mentioned, I shall not pay for their instruction in secular subjects. No matter how well they are being taught arithmetic and grammar; no matter what examination you might allow me to make of them; no matter what test you let me use as regards the capability of their teachers; no matter, in a word, what satisfaction you give me in dealing with them, as long as you keep them in a school where religion is once mentioned to them the livelong day—I shall not pay for their education in any branch of schooling, however secular. Take them from that school of God, and send them to one where they will never hear H1B name, and I shall gladly pay for almost every species of instruction that your soul can crave for them. Send them where the intellect that He gave shall be trained to nearly everything except the recognition of Him; let them attend schools where the laws of sentences and of numbers are anxiously studied for hours every day, but where all allusion to His name is strictly shut out. Send them where the PJantsgenets will be their heroes of history, BhakBpeare'sapopthegms their rules of conduct, but where Christ and His gospel will never be, even remotely, introduced to them; and I shall send to the four quarters of the -world for professors to teach them. Passage money, yearly salary, capitation money, all shall be at my expense, and all shall be promptly and prodigally disbursed. How base a specch for a nineteenth century Government to make! What recreant language for Christian men to use 1 Yet these are the words and the votes in the Australasian Assemblies of to-day. "INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION. "On Catholic intermediate education, w« can afford to be very brief. No words of ours could speak more plainly or more strongly in connection with it than the splendid colleges now at work in most of the leading cities of our colonies. The creating of such establishments by the clergy and laity in this early infancy of our Australasian Church, and under circumstances where so many other grave wants were staring them in the face, is ample evidence of the value in which they are held by all our earnest Catholics. We exhort you to keep alive your zeal in this important section of Christian education. We truBt that these schools for secondary—or, as it were, ' intermediate' between primary and university— instruction will be multiplied until every town of reasonable size is able to place these advantages at the doors of its children. Your Catholic primary school system, for the perfection of which you ore making snch exertions, !B but half complete as long as its children find no kindred atmosphere to paSB on to when they leave its protection. We therefore.exhort the clergy and laity to still more zeal in the developing and strengthening of Christian intermediate education. God, who has so miraculously blessed the Girls' High Schools, under the various religious communities throughout Australasia, and brought them to a perfection rarely attained even in Europe, will aid you in a like manner and crown your similar efforts with a similar fruit. "UHrVEBSITT EDUCATIOH. "The principles already laid down in regard to the Primary schools must hold with equal force in the matter of intermediate and university ednoation. All the Australian prelates are most earnest in their desire to see the Catholic youth of these great colonies not only instructed in their religion, bnt perfected in every highest branoh of science, for -we axe convinced that the werld holds nothing Ions or more beautiful than thecnlti- faith. It is only science falsely so-called th.t can turn us away from God. for God is tho source of all truth, and the earnest of science cannot fatl to lead us to Him S higher thebrauches of science are. the more cloX should they be connected with the supremo troth and the more necessary must it become that thai should be enlightened and quickened V.yrelieinri In many respects the university system is ns only in its infancy in these colonies. We ho, - H:,r through the enlightened policy of our statesmen its honours and emoluments and every advantso* shall be thrown open alike to all. and that onr Catholic youth, without any sacrifice of relieioiis principle, may be found on a footing of equality with their fellow-citizens of every denomination We trust, moreover, that the University arrangement, which hitherto have proved far from satis factory, may be carefully amended, and that our Catholic young men may no longer be compelled to look to other countries for that higher education which is denied them in these colonieB, or to seek elsewhere for those pum fountains of knowledee which an unwise university system chall have closed agaiust them at their own doors. "THE NATIVE BACKS. " The mission of tho Catholic Church is not confined to.'one nation or one continent, but embraces all tongues and tribes, all the children of God wheresoever they may be found. Our Divine Saviour ' died for all men, and gave Himself a redemption for all.' It is through the sacred ministry of the pastors of the Church, as the ordinary channel of divine mercy, that He imparts thob lessings of redemption to tho c e who are seated in darkness and in the shadows of death. 'Go forth and teach all nations: go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature." Such is the Divine commission given to the apostles, which their Buocessors shall never fail to fulfil till the end of time. In the fulfilment of that commission the fathers of this Plenary Council have had deeply at heart to deviEe the best means for promoting the sanctification of the native races of our various Australian colonies. Many difficulties have hitherto beset the path of the Catholic missionaries when bringing to them the glad tidings of redemption and tbe blessings of Christian civilisation. Too long wag the olive branch of peace withheld from tho native raco^ throughout these colonies, but the respective Governments at the present day have noblv proved their willingness to make amends for tbe policy of the past, and it behoves us to bestir ourselves that at least 'a remnant shall be saved,' It has been decreed that in each diocese an auuual collection slm.ll bo held to aid the missionaries, who nra thus engaged in bringing the blessings of the Divine mercy to the native races, and the sums collected shall be disbursed by a commisbion of bishops, presided over by the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney. We request all tho faithful to join their prayers with ours to the end that, God may send zealous missioners to labour iu this field of the spiritual vineyard, and that their ministry may be fruitful in the propagation of the faith, the spread of Christian civilisation, and the salvation of many souls, so that at length iu the remotest districts of these favoured colonies the words of the prophet may be fulfilled: 'How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringcth good tidings, that preacheth peace." "DEVOTIOK TO THE SACHED HEART OF JESOS. Several o£ our dioceses have already been laced under the special patronage of the Sacred eart of Onr Blessed Lord, but it was the common ish of our assembled prelates that by a public nd united act the whole of the Austraasian Church would be solemnly dedicated o the Sacred Heart. Devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is justly regarded as a disinctive feature of . Catholic piety in latter times. e adore the Sacred Heart inseparably united to the Eternal Word, and we meditate on the boundless harity and outpoured love of the Bedeemer of which that Sacred Heart is the symbol. This de. votion is most consoling to the Church amid tbe difficulties and dangers that beset her path in our days, and it is fruitful of manifold graces to het children. If enemies gather around the Church or lie in wait for the Christian soul the Sacred Heart is a tower of Divine strength, and we maysupph'antly cry out: 'Now,therefore,arise,O Lord God,into Thy resting place, Thon and the ark of Thy strength.' If Bin and iniquity compaBs us the Sacred Heart is the very sanctuary of holiness. If the anger of God is provoked, this is the throne |of mercy. If our sorrows are multiplied, it is given us in this devotion to draw forth waters in gladness from the fountains of our Saviour. If the world has grown cold in serving God the Sacred Heart is a true furnace of Divine love, and it shall be given to our hearts inflamed with that sacred love to realise the true dignity of God's children, and to became worthy of the eternal destiny prepared for us. We exhort you, therefore, to be earnest in your piety to the Sacred Heart, and to make some return of love to Our Blessed Lord, who has so loved us. May He bestow upon His people this perfoct gift of Bis love, that we may serve Him with the purity of the virgins, with the fidelity of the confessors, with the heroism of the martyrs, with the zeal of the apostles, with the fervour of all holy souls, that we all may be enriched here with the treasures of His mercy, and may hereafter be partakers of the joys of the Sacred Heart in eternal bliss. "THE SOVEREIGN POHTIFF. " We cannot conclude without exhorting you to be persevering in prayer for the chief pontiff of our souls, to whom is given the Divine commission to feed the lambs and the sheep, and to rule the whole Church of God. He has been despoiled of those territories which enabled him to faithfully and on him, and which for a thousand years were reverenced by Christendom as the patrimony of the poor and the domain of HolyJCbarch. We protest against the violence and injustice which have thus deprived the Vicar of Christ of the independence which is so necessary for the exercise of his spiritual authority; and we exhort the faithful by their prayers and charitable offerings to make amends for the insults and outrages to which the spirit of irreligion and revolution has hitherto subjected, ana every day continues to subject, the august head on earth of Holy Church. May God in His mercy hasten the day of triumph of justice and truth, that thoie who now war against the Church may ones more become her champions, and that the sorrows or the Sovereign Pontiff may be exchanged for toe consolations of peace. We entreat yon, m floe, dearly beloved, to hold fast to the teaching of tne Church, to keep the form of sound words and to cherish the truths handed down by your fathers, iw fervent in piety, earnest in charity, persevering in your warfare against sin. Be devout to the Immaculate Mother of God, our refuge in danger, our comfort in affliction, our life, our sweetness, ana our hope in our pilgrimage through this vale oi tears. ' Be nothing solicitous} but m everything, by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God. An" may the peace of God, which surpasBeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in Ohnsi Jesus. For the rest, brethren, whatsoever, things are true,'whatsoever modest, whatsoever just whatsoever holy, whatsoever lovely, wb^tsoeyer or good fame-if there be any virtue, if any praise ot discipline-think of these things-and the God of peace shall be with you-Now to God and our Father be glory, world without end, Amen. (Philippians iv. 6 seqq.) "Given at the Cathedral, Sydney, this 29^dW of November, 1885. Patrick FraucisCard.Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, Apostolic Delegate; Daniel Murphy. Bishop ot fiobwt; Budesrn^ Bishop of Port Victoria; Patock Moran. Bishop of Dunedin; James Murray, Bishop of Mattta" . WiUiam Lanigan, Bishop of Goufburn s Mar«n Griver, Bishop of Perth j Christopher Augustine, BUhop of Adelaide; Francto Bishop ot Wellington; Elzeare ToneggiaM. OAF7C.. Bishop of Armidale; John Cam. BisboP of ^ktampton : Bobert Donne, B.sho^of Bri* bane; John Edmund Buck, O.S.B„ . Auckland; James Moore. Bishop of BSHMM. Stephen Seville, 0.8. A., Bishop of CeraB£ Coadjutor of Sandhurst ; Jo^hj^ck Byrne, Bishop of Bathnrst; John Hntcbinron, O.B£g Vicar-Apostolic of North Q^nsland j Fatoc _ Joseph Slattery, Procurator ot Archbishop oi aw bourne." 