WiNNY. Stranger to Canada, I think you said? First visit to Ontario ? Well, you are heartily welcome to Indian Creek. Take a chair on the piazza till dinner's ready — we dine e&rlv; i in these New World parts. Fine farm? Well, yes, Indian Creek is a nice place, if I do own it. A11, as far as you ! can see — grass lands, corn fields, woods and creeks — all belong to it. Stock too — they call it the best stock farm in Ontario, I believe, and I dare say they're right. All mine, and yet I came to Canada twelve years j ago without the traditional half-crown in my trouSera pocket. You look surprised.. Would you like to hear the story ? There's a good half hour to dinner time yet, and it's a- story I never tire telling, somehow. I began life as the son of a village carpenter in the "south cf England. You know that; class pretty well, I dare say, and what a I gulf was fixed between me and the vicar of the parish. And yet— and yet— from the time she was seven years old and I eleven,, and she fell down in the dusty road outside tha carpenter's shop, and cried, and I picked lier up, and smoothed the little crumpled pinafore and kissed the du&t; out ot h6r golden curls, I loved but one girl in the world, and that was the vicar's daughter,. Winny Branseome. MadneBa, you'll say, Well, perhaps eor J apd yet a man is but a man, and a woman a j woman ; and love comes, whatever one may do. There's no class distinction recognised | by childhood, and we were playmates and friends till she went to boarding-school. If I Miss Winnie had had a mother, no doubt things would have ben very different ; but? wa were alike in never having known a woman's care, and the old vicar was blind to everything but his theological treatieep. But when she came baok from her London boarding-school, a beautiful young lady, all smiles and lecss and little lovely ways, then I knew. I had tried my best to study ac nl:, . t i 11 " — wc.rk. undmake'iiiyself Tiiore like, the msn ; she would meet, but what can a lad in an English village do.? I had . jost. enough education to make every other lud n the place h&te; me, and beside the men of bee w©rld I suppose 1 cut rather an astonishing figure. Yet the love of her was bo far osyGud all else in me that mad, ;h opsins a& I felt it, I had no power ever myeeir, aud thy firoa time I aaugbt her alone in the woods — sha? avoided me. I saw, and I had to watch for chence— I told feer the whole story, and waited for her answer. Sherew scarlet — a rush of colour that dyed her fair, sweet face — then deathly white. 4 Dick,' she said, and she waB trembling from head to foot, 4 you ifccsn never,' never be ; yon kuow you are wrong to dream of tccb a thing. Some girls would th sk it an insult ; I know you. better ; but if my father heard o? this he . would say you had abused his Madness to you; he would n ver iorgive you. Forget your madness.' Aad she ran away from me. I let her go. I had s&en; the blush and the tremor, and I guese&d; that if I had been Mr. Loftug, the young rquire, instead cf Dick Hawtry, the esrp&nter;'s son, her answer might have been different, A great receive sprang up in my eoul and I took a solemn vow in those Jane woods. That v: ry night I sold the old shop (my father was dead and I bad taken up the business), and with the money I bought an outfit and started straight for Canada. It was pretty- tough at first, but I worked like a galley slave— starved, and pinched, and saved, acd never spent a penny except for the books I sat up half the night to read and study. Well, in this country, the man who works and doesn't drink is sure to get on, and I had a mighty purpose in my bead. By-and bye I bought some land dirt cheap and sold it for three times what I gave for it— then I began to make money fast. I should call my luck wonderful if I believed in luck, and didn't prefer to think that I was helped by a power far greater than my own. At last, ten years to he very day after I set foot on Canadian soil, I bought Indian Greek larm and began to build this house. All the neighbours thought my good fortune bad turned my brain, for I fitted it up and furnished it fGr & lady, down to & little rooking chair by my study table, and a work-baeket with a tiny gold thimble in it. And when that was ail finished I took the first Bhip for Liverpool, Ten years build a city over here. It doesn't make much change in a Devonshire village. The very gates were still half off their hinges, as I left them, only the people were a little older and a trifle more stupid, and there was a new vicar. Old Mr. Branseome had been dead six months — died very poor they told me ; there was nothing left for Mies Winny. My heart gave one great Ie;;p when I heard that. Ahd Miss Winny ? Oh, she had gone gover&essi;&g; with some people who were just off to Canada, and the ship sailed to-morrow from Liverpool. The Liverpool express never seemed to crawl so slowly before. I got there to find every berth taken on board the Antarctic, and the captain raging at the non-appearance of two of the crew. Without a second's pause I offered for one of the vacant places. I was as strong as a horse, ahd active enough, and though the captain eyed me rather askance— I had b&en; to the West End tailor on my way I through London — he was too gl&d; to get me to ask questions. So I sailed on the ship with my little girl, little as ehe knew it. I saw her the first day or two, looking so pale and thin that she was like the ghost of her old self, and yet sweeter to tny eyes than ever before. The children: she had charge of were troublesome little creatures, who worried and badgered her till I longed to cuff them well. But there was a gentleness 'and patience about her quite new to my idea of Miss Winny, and I only loved her the more for it. After the second day out the wind freshened, and I saw no more of her. We had an awful passage. It was late in November— an early winter — and the cold was intense. It blew one continuous gale, and some of our machinery was broken— the screw damaged — and we could not keep our course. As we drew ne&? the other side of the Atlantic we got more and more out of our bearings, and at last the fogs told us we were somewhere off the banks of Newfound- 1 land, but Where no one was quite sure. It j seemed to me it- had all happened before, or 1 1 bad read of it or dreamed it. At all events, j it was hardly a surprise to me when, on the j nintk night, just af ier midnight, the awful crash and shock took place — a sensation which no one who, has not felsitcaa imagine ia the isast — and we knew that the Antarctic had struck. It's a fearful thing, if you oome to think of it — s great steamer filled with living souls in the fail flow of life and health, and in one moment the call coming to each of them to die. Before you could have struck a match the whole ship was a panic— cries, terror, confusion, agony. Oh, it was awful ! 1 trust never to see such a scene again. I made my way through it ⅈ as if I had neither eyes nor ears, and got to the state room I had long Ago found out was the pne which belonged tp my girl I knocked at the j doer with a heavy hand. Even at that awful moment a thrill ran through me at the thought of standing face to face with her again. Winny!' I. cried, 'come out! Make haste ! There is not a moment to lose !' The door opened as I spoke, and she stood just within, ready dressed, even to her little black cap The -cabin light had been left burning by the doctor's orders, and it fell full on me as I stood there in my sailor's jersey and cap. I wondered if sbe wouid know me. I forget the daeger we were in ; forgot that death was waiting close at hand ; forgot that the world held anyone but just her and me. Dick!' she cried — 'Oh, Dick, Dick!' and she fell forward in a dead faint on my i shoulder. all my senses came back then, and I threw her over my aim and ran for the deok. A great fer lined cloak had been dropped by the door of the ladies' cabin. Xhete was no light, but I stumbled over it as I ran. I hastily snatched it up and carried it with me. Up above all was the wildest chaos, the bo&ti; overfilled and pushing cff; the ship seniing rapidly ; people shouting, Crying, Bwearirg, One hears tales of calm- ness and courage of«en enough at such times, which makes one's 1 heart glow as one reads them, but there was not much heroism shown in the wreck of the > Antarctic. The eaptaio b-haved splendidly, aud so did some of the pascergers, but the majority cf them and the ctew were mad wifco terror and lost thtir hsacU aieageUier. I saw there was not a chance for the over - crowded boais in that ss, and I sprang for the » jjigiog. I was not a second too soon. A soor j- at others followed my example, and with my precious burden I should not have had a chance two minutes later. As it wae, I scrambled to the topmast and got a firm hold there. Winny was just coming to hers-'lf. I had wrapped bc-r round like a baby in t! y it:: oloak, and 'frith my teeth I op.-ned my knife to cnt a jupe which hung loose within reach. With tfii.:: I Jashca aer to me and lastsned a both to vhe iopirtssc. The ship sank gradually ; she did not keel over, or I should not be you eh story now. She settled down, just her deck above water; bat the great seas washed over it every second and swept i- clean. The boats had gone. One or two of the crew, floating on loose spars, were picked up afterward — no more. The rigging was full, at least in the upper part ; down below the sea was ti;0 eSroug. The captain was ne&r; me. I f als glad to think be had been saved — lie was not a coward like some of the. others. How long was the longest night you ever knew? Multiply thct by i,GC0 and you will have some idea ol th it m -in'o length. The cold was awful. The epray ;roze on the sheets where it fell ; the vars wre slippery v with ice. I stamped on Wmui 's icet to keep them from freezing. Did y.'-u nctico that I limp a li'tle? I shall walk i-nue f-3 long as I live. Sometimes there wa splash in the black water below as some poor fellow's? stiffened hold relaxed and he fell from his pN.ce in the rigging. There was not a breath cf wind, nothing but the bitter, bitter fog. How long could we held out? Where were ws? How long would the fthip be befoio she broke up ? Would it ba by drowui g or by freezing ? We asked ourselves these questions again ar-.i again, but there was no answer. E u.n etared us in the face ; we seemed 1 1 live ages of agony in every minute. And yet, will you believe me, that all seemed hitie in com parison to tha thought that after all the struggles and tne sorrows, after el i those ten long, weary years I held my girl in my arms at last. She bad pulled one ccrner of the cloak around my ncok (I stood on a level just below her) and her hand lay there with it — it was her hand that warmed me more than the cloak — and her cheek rested against my own. Often I thought its coldness was the coldness of death, and almost exulted in th« thought that -e should die together. And then I would catch the murmur of the prayers she was uttering for us both, and knew that life was still there, and hope lived too. Well, well ! Why should I dwell on euoh horrors except to thank the meray that brought us through them all ? Day dawned at last, and there was the Ehore nearby, and soon rockets were fired and ropes secured, and one by one the half -dead- living were drawn from their awful suspension between I the sky and sea, and lauded safely on shore. They had to take Winny and roe together, i just as we were, and even then they bad j hard work to undo the clasp of my stiffened arms about her. I knew nothing then, nor for a long time after, and it is wonderful that Winny was the first to recover, and that it was she who nursed me back to life. | And how did I ask her to marry me ? I Upon my word, no you ask it, I cans j remember that I ever did. That eet-meri I utterly unnecessary, somehow. Caste dii- | tinotions look email enough when you have I been staring death in the face for a few I hours, and words were not mueh needed 1 when we had been together in the rigging I that night. Some how I was glad it wes so— I glad my girl bad taken me, in my cap and j jersey, for a common saiior, and yet loved I the old Dick through it all ; glad ehe never I dreamed I was owner of Indian Greek farm 1 and the richest man in that end of Ontario, I and had wealth and a position higher thau 1 Mr. Loftus, the young squire at home. The people she was with had all gone down cn that awful night; ehe had no one in the world but me. We were married at Montreal — the captain of the Antarctic gave her away — and then I brou ht her home to Indian Creek. To see her face when she saw tne rocking-obair and the work-basket and the thimble ! Heaven bless her ! There she comes with her baby on her shoulders. Gome into dinner, iriend, and you shall see the sweeteBt wife in the new ccuctry or the old, the girl I won amid the ocean's surges. — - Jieto xork Jbl(L%i ami Express. 