The Trapper's Adventure. They were waiting for a train at a wayback station up in Humboldt County, and the conversation turned to spiri tualism. A weatherbeatcn trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said : ' Wall, fur my part, I never did go much on sperrit rappin's, ghosts, and all of them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunst.' ' How was that? ' asked a solemn man, with long liair, who was evidently a travelling medium. ' Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. was a-layin' in my cabin up on the Little B'ar River, woke up long er midnight and got ter tinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung i'ever four years ago that very night. Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like.' .'Rats,' suggested the switch-tender. ' No, ther ain't no rats in them parts. Putty soon I felt somethin'like a hand a-squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scarred then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' thar wasn't anuther human' bein' in 40 miles o' thar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez : ' Is that you Smith ? ' ' ' And there was two raps,' said the long-haired man. 'No, tharwarn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin' rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp — 'zactly the way Smithie let go. ' Then I felt somethin' clammy tech my cheek.' 'Case of materialisation,*' said the long-haired party. ' Rats,' said the switch- tender again. ' I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar,' growled the trapper. ' 1 'low I was badly scarrcd then, an' ther cold sweat a droppin' offen me. ' Does yer want ter kermooni catc suthin', Grizzly ?' sez I. Then ther buzzin' begin agin. Arter that suthin' teched my other hand.' ' Rats,' wedged in the switchman. ' You'll liavo ter heel yersel' if yer say that again, lan tern- jerker,' said the hunter, ominously. ' Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankets offen me, jumped up, and struck a light.' ' And what did you see?' ,' Wliy, nuthin',* gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nuthin* but a plain ord'nary rattler. An' me most scarred ter death by ther durn thing's monkeyings, too. Wall, you bet I jest rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd burst.' 'And the snake ?' asked the crowd. ' The snake r' said the trapper, simply. ' Wall, I dis remember what — I guess I stepped on its head, or suthin'. No, gent3, I don't take no stock in spirits. Here's ther train.' ' ? . ? , 