*¶novelist. JOHN ABBERTON. THlE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THIE WORLD. f By GROSVENOR BUNSTER.' " -.44+--- . CHAPTER IV.-(Continuedd) '' "01 course I do,'. he retorted, jeeringly. "Think I don't know.you, , bhey Better " lievo Idol Whatl Would ycr?" . With this he raised his left hand to ward off the blow he shought I was about to strike him; I countered, and hit him under his jlwwithastrengththhat fairly liftedhimoffthe ground, only to deposit him on his back upon the gravelled pathway. My father, among other matters, had taught me boxing, and in my course through life I have found it a very useoul aeoomplishment. Sowever, this heavy youth was no our. IIo got up, and " shaped" in a clumsy sort of fashion, but with ouch energy that he split his light filting jacket up the back. Ho was no match for me, so that in the course of five minutes I had given him a beautiful pair of black eyes and a top upon his snub nose, which did him more good in the direction of phlebotomy than any surgeon's skill could Shae accomplished with lancet or. cupping glae.. "That's enough," said he, dolefully, as the blood streamed from his nose. "My word I here's a precioun shirt. Won't I get it from Min3us, Oh, no, rather not And won't y&o; get pion. I shouldn't say so. Well. Anmy jacket busted. Goodbye, Barnaby, my bo. You're to let. Tendors invited. 'Oo0 why? You're as good as sacked. 'Lmoual there's tho missue," with which he Blunkinto the ahadow of the wall. But not before tholynx eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory mioner, and he obeyed. A hbout of lauhter rang from my lips as I beheld him shufling towards the good lady; his unwholesome,. panty looking face boemeared with blood, his jacket plit from " atom to stern," his long and crooked legs at last a foot too far through his trouscra. He looed like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court of his kind. To say that horror and indignation were alternately reflected on my aunt's coun tenance is to say nothing. The impression which herlooks, her attitude, her fixed stare atBarnaby conveyed to me, was, that she was in evident doubt as to whether she was not the victim of some optioal illusion. Doubtles, sho considered whetherit was really possible that any person could have so out. raged theaecred character of her domain as to strike one of her servants. Slowly her gaze turned from Barnaby's battered face to mine. It was smiling and genial. I approached, doffed my cap, and bowed to the lidy. "I am distressed, Madam," said I, "that owing to your servant's insolence, I have been comnPlled to chastise him." "Then you- you, sir, have been guilty of this outrageo 1" I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, nceompanied by a dark, fat, heavy-looking gentleman in clerical garb, joined my aunt on the baloony. "What is the matter, my dear Ellen?' .aid the heavy clerio, whom I at once identiied as the Bev. Mr. Porter. "Matter " exolaimed the lady. "Matter enough. A precious youth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." My father did so, and burst into a fit of Iaughter. Nor was the Itverend Mr. Porter animpresed by the ludicrous aspect o hbis page, who, in good truth, looked, with his aollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and ditpi dated ermeantsa very much like a defeated and demoralleed dunrhill rooster. To say that the lady was disgouted is to say little. BSo east an Indignant glance at Her hualband, and then, muttering some remark under her breath, stalked away. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his face, and I joined my lather. "Well, master Jack," said he-" this sort o thing won't do. Yon are already in sad aiegrace with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, the ollow was moet insolent. He called me a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thief." "Then," interrupted the roverend Mr. Porter with miphalhia "I cannot blame you. You served him rilghit. The faat is, my wife spoils that lout, and between ourselves, I'm not orry that mater ecipegracs hero, hao taught a" a leoen. There goes the luncheon ball." With thin, he led the way, while my father Pinching my ear, whispered to me that he was not agry, but on the contrary pleased by the opiriti had shown. And as lis good pinion' ws all I cared for, I sat down to lu"neceon in a very hppy Irame o mind. _ith my uscual audacity I joined readily in the eonversation which was somewlat Rlowly carried on by the seniors at the table. Iddriessed myself to my cousins with easy 'aminrity; and was in no sanse deterred ?orm this course by the efforts they made to rleck i m. My aunt preserved tlhe most ffriid demannour towards me. This howeover, I did not nfet to notice. Indeed, it afforded 0 "omew pleasure to ipnore her contemptuous na!ring kh wnrdo me, and to take every oppor. uty ol oddresing myseaol to her ;in this I as nouraged by olmerving that my father .. t, ue d enjoyed the! misahief. Wirt ey do you call that grave yard a erden, aunt " said I asI trifed with the o ll a olehlen. Mrs Porter stared; my fabr Btinend, the good Mr Porter looked frightened, nnd the girls glanced appre. lefoivly at their mother Toe High hurorb butter however, turned aside to hide a 'smile. My tortics were evidently to his taste. "I call it a garden, little boy, becauso it is a garden" at length answered my aunt. I laughed. : " A garden I" I echoed. " I counted seven daisies, all of which were in articulo mortis, a debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or so of demoralised looking wall.flowers. A garden, aunt I" "You are impertinent, little boy," said my :aunt with some irritation. "I presume that we may expect to find ourselves and our whole surrounding subjooet to your critioism." "Nay," I answered deprecatingly, "I did not moan to offend you aunt. I was about to propose that you should permit me to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little or no sun reaches it, I do not doubt that I could make it bloom." "Come now," cried the good Mr Porter; "that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." "A sprit to catch a mackerel" grumbled the lady. " We shall see. whether deeds follow floe promises, Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault upon my page." " I was jealous of his favor with you aunt." I ansswered demurely. She could not help Joining with the others in the laugh which followed ; and in this humor left us. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, arid then pay our visit to Dr Wrinekle. It we reach the school by four o'clock we shall find him disengaged. This we did. Having soon the Cathedral and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there. on, we repaired to Dr Wrinoklo, whom w. found a meek and crushed out sort of little gentleman with a kindly facoo and nervous manner- one of those men who, having married a etronger. nature, at once yield up all pcrdonality into her hands. " My boy," said my father," it strikes me that the grey mare'sa the better horse. At the same time, there is no question which i. the more worthy. I like the Doctor. He comes with us to- night." CHAPTER V. A LITTL DINNER., The'two gentlemn tiow accompanied us for a walk through the principal streets of the town, in the course of which we were in. troduced to several other clerical gentlemen, all more or loss of the type of the Reverend Doctor Porter or the Reverend Dootor 'Wrinukle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England will remem. ber these typos, and will, I am sure, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description of these representatives- Clerical life in such towns has been ably dealt with by the late Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic of English life, and is seen nowhere else than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism atd dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save in the Church of England. The parsons. of this church may be prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their poli. tical opinions, but they are essentially gentle. man. At least this is my conclusion, end I havehad exoeptional opportunities of judging. The doctors too, anooompanied us to the Guild Hall, over which ancient building we were shown by the Town Clerk, ageontleman. by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And presently we returned to. Dr. Porter's residence, where we partook of some slight refreshment, and where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the page, had been put to bed, and that leeches had been applied to his. swollen optics. "Whioh I will say, sir," remarked ther butler " they are orlal. The ladies in thr kitchen, sir, are delighted. For if ever there was a pup as needed Iickolin', that there lBar naby's one. But air, bless yer, 'tis s a much as our places is worth to say a word ar?le him; Missus is so took up with the :huly himp." It will be seen by the reader that I bad created some interest in the minds of thosr with whom I had come into contact. And' this was what I desired. I could never bear to remain in the background. My policy bar ever been to push myself to the front, as I boelieve I shall show in the course of thi. narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for the present, Dr. Wrinokle and my father and myself leti the house, and walked down the high street. Here the Doctor parted with ns. "Yon will be prompt to half.past six Doctor?" said my father. "Rlmem her, no apology can excuse a man who keeps a dinner waiting." . "True, true. I shall be there to th' minute, Captain," and then the little mar walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. "A decent little gentleman, Jack," said m) father. "What a pity one cannot say aor much of the gentlewoman, his wife." "She is an ogre," I cried. "And did you see her moustache, eirt" "Faith I did, Jack; there was no need for a microscope to do that." Then he rane the bell, and summoned the landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was the very type of an English boniface of olden days. His countenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He was stout and hearty, and rd of face, and of husooky voice. He looked as though he had been snakled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from his very advent into this world. He listened to my father's instruo tions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. Wrinokle-an excellent and most learned gentleman-yourseolf, sir, and your eon. At half.past six o'clook. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the pre. peration of the feast. At six o'clock precisely cams the doctor, sorupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a mummy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he conveyed the impression that he had been let off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar ciroum stances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker an. nounced that dinner was scrvad, and we all sat down to a positiveo work of art. A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then name clear seup, followed by some dClibcloUs.50l0 tried to a turn, with n arvellocs dish of stewed eels. Abaunch of Weleh mutton came next with a couple of tesly entreje. Seme snipo served on toast, some capital ewoets, to wisioh, with a youngster's palato for such matters, I paid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I ds not know what the Doclor thought of the satter, but I cer tainly judged freon th expreseion of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintancO with the domestic economy of his housebold exploined to ms tbat our little dinner musthave been a reve.la "Vell" said the Doctor, as he sat bhok in his ehair, end surreptitiously Ioocened three huttons of trie wahteoet. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abhhrton, that your hoas pitality is overpowverig." s g " Ab," said the Dotor. cmaokio& his lips. "ean ecellent seine, albeit Dr. Johisonsuneored at it. Claret for boys, port for men, but brandy for heros. IoIl 1fol tie wse an emphattle personage truly." , VWo should have heard but little of him, Ioctor," said ,iy father, "had It not boon for his toady, Beswoll." "Positively you are correct," returned the Dootor, as he drank off another bumper. "Boswell's tittle-tattlo is most entertaining.' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the little gentlemen courteously acoepted the offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously placed an olive in his mouth. Ho puckered up his eyes, twisted his lips, and expressed in his face the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had placed in his month. " Ahem I " said he, "really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them in Virgil,but positively never have I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, the impression conveyed to me when I first ate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors call" bilge. water." But olives flavor one's wine im. mensely." "Do they, now," said the Doctor, dubiously. "Humph I I think that I prefer the wine without the olives," and he dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, so innocent in his ways that really it was im possible to check the impulse of friendship towards him. And, presently, as the wine mounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloe and Stophron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us some little stories of his early college days, when he was "a naughty boy, sir, and a sad, young dog." In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits were of that elastic kind which is proof against dullness, surprised oven me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to the door an admiring audience of waiters and obambermaids. "Now, Jack," said he, as he finished ' The Old Temeraire.' Come, boy. Let us have your song. Sing us one of the ditties Monsieur Tondeur taught you," and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I buret forth with Beranger's "l'e Vin et la Coquette," singing the' ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Doctor's face was a study. "Bless my soul I" he said, presently, turn. inn to my father, whose eyes were danoing, and whose lips trembled, from suppressed mirth. " Where did the lad learn such a song. Psench too. Well I'm rusty as to French--but still, humph;" and he shook his head and drank off another glass of claret. My father laughed aloud. "A young seamp, eh'l Lootor," he cried. "You must teach him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," said the Doctor, gravely, hold. ing up one hand in deprecation. "I do not think that. The lad is clover, no doubt, and has picked up many matters which perhaps it would have been well he should not have learned. But serious study will soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court to the claret. Ihe hadpassedfrom the first to the second stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, hs had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clock, and the Doctor protested that he must return. "A married man, air," le said, with some. thing very like a hiccough. "I must keep good hours. Bless me-what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to inform mo-inform me-how many there are of you," and he gazed piti ously at my father, who burat into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened sed denly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered the room with the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her hue. band and seized his collar. - "Pretty goings on, truly," ehe said," ten o'lclok and not abed yet," and she tugged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that species of valour which is known as Dutch courage. He struggled to his feet. "MBdam," said he, "what means this unseemly conduct? Are you aware who I am; who I am l" " Come along," said the lady, "who yo{ are, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur. lesque upon a man. Ir should think I did. Good night gentlemon. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a 'sudden tug and the little Doctor disappeared with hin captor through'the door. My father shook with laughter. " There, Jack," said hie, " there you behold an illustration of the influeonce of lovely woman. I do not think that your mamma dould have distinguished herself so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to-morrow morning. We shall not see each other for some time to come, after we start for the other end of the world," and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself upon the bed and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation'seiied upon me; I felt for the fiet time mi my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morning when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full of tenderness, and solicitation met mine he smiled. "Come Jack," he cried, "up with you, I have only on hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you dress I'll have a. litt talk with you. I jumped up and began to dress hastily. Mesawhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds. " Of course Jack," he said, " yeu need not dissipate this large fortune. But you will need a little money. As I understand, there are eomeyoungsters at this choolwhose friend. ship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, whtich can be o readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therelore, and you may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip." Then he woo silent, sitling by the window, looking abroad with that self.oontained look which tells that the influence of all exterior matters arc unfelt. IHe was very grave during breakfast, and said but little more as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me, and we parted. Blind with the tears I in vain sought to control, I made my way back to the hotel, and there, getting my traps together, drove toe Mr. 'orter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me the slay before, I felt its influento tenfold to.day. A shudder thrilled me ae I walked up the damp steps and rang the bell. The High Churoh bulher admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CEAPTER VI. I AMr conoED. Ieceiord with formal ordiality by my aunt and her faomily, Isat down to tho treak fast, which they were careful to inform ma they had delayed upon my account. After thls 'I was shown to my room, a ghostly pattmenit; fairly fIurnished, however, and looking out upon the Cathodral yard. It was now nine o'ltolh, and I hastened to soheol, the duties of which had already commenced ere I arrived. SThe little dotor looked somewhat shame. faced as I saluted him, but as I was careful It preserve the utmost respect in my demeaanor towards hilm he soon became at ease, and questioned me an to my acqulre. ments. He told me that I must commence forthwith the study of the classics, concern. ing the value of which he was most enthusi. satio. " The modern languages my dear boy," said he, " come afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he added, with a faint smile, "I am afraid yon know more than I can teaoh you." With this he handed me my books and con. ducted me to my class desk at the lower end of the large hall which served for the school. room. I was mortified to find that my class. mates werein all cases my superiors, and deter. mined to do my utmost to acquire the position hold for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my curiosity in respect to my sehool.fcllows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of COesar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for con centrating my thought and energies upon any subject which I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the class was called up. The Doctor was very plen:ted. "I see, I see," said he, " you and I will get along together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock th3 work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play.ground; whither I followed them. I was instantly seur rounded. "How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulk. ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's you dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. "Let us cob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on the ground. "Now new boy, said the big fellowto whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with othera to tie hard nots in his hand kerchief. " It is the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. You have the option of buying off, you know," and he stood over me ready to strike. I was furious, and setting my teeth swore that I would have a migbty revenge. " Turn him on his face lads," eried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, chanting the while.' " New boy, new boy, why has he come to us? Cob him, cob him, pugis et caleibus. So he'll learn, so he'll learn doecendo decimus ; Let him know, that we rule, propria qut marl eus, Itfwas with the greatest difficulty that I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging eeased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my beet strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. "Now," said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, "you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with this I walked off. An I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we sat down toluncheon, "and how did you get on to-day. _ "Very fairly," I answered, asl di?ejoirdeof a slice of ham. "Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked at me, aghast. "I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg,) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ero you blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." "I faney," said I, "that my riend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon." "In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. "I don't think I shall," I answered, u nless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, first taringincredulously at me, proceeded to out me a minute slice of ham. "s Thanks" said I, "another slice please. Sohool work makes a fellow hungry.'" The ghost of a grave smile was to be seen for a moment upon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed me my plate ; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. Imet her gaze. "What is it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, ".that nowadays children are wonderiully impudent." "You are tight, madam," I answered, "though why the thougho should have eansed you to stare so at me, I do not understand." "Then you have less wit than I give you credit for,! sho replied. "aPossibly, madam, was my answer, "I doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. But as to your judiolous observation concerning the impa. denee of the modern boy, I quite agree with you. He is an audacious young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the anuse of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion agninst the tyranny of his elders. Positively it lis so. Themodern boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face as I delivered this little address. Always heavy and stupid of aspect,his visage now ex pressed the utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. He set down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker nassh sharply rejoined, "You talk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children should listen, not speak." "Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. AndI suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent follow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to me: "Poca barba poera virguenza," and I drank my small beer with an air. "And what may that mean young Sir," saidmy reverend host, at last finding his oittle beard little shame," I laughed, as I glanoed at Lilian, whoso blue eyes were dancing. "Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your board grows the better for your modesty." And with this Parthian uhoe shs arose. I flow to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to he ground. It was evident that our relations were scarcely oWhen aell Ihd gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called me to him. "Have a glass of wine my boy," said he. "And I like you none the .less for your impudence," and the reverend gentleman huhcked. "To tell you the truth,' headded, "you are the first who has ever had the courage to tackle her. It seems a strange thiog for the mauter of the house to say, Master Abberten, but the faet is my wile Is a triloloverberiong. In short, I don't like her temper." "And so," I laughed, "you rather enjoy the speotaole of another's rebellion egainst the lady's ecoentricities." (To be ehfintrled,). 