TOOT" TALK. Renter telegraphs that the Imperial Par liament waB prorogued on Friday until November 11th by Royal Commission, and forwards a digest of the Queen's speech, which is published elsewhere- NYe also learn, per Reuter, that General-Kanlbars, the new Russian Agent in Bulgaria, who has arrived in Soda, is the bearer of an ultimatum from the Czar to the Regency, demanding an adjournment of the elections for theGrand Ab«„ sembly and tbe release of the persons arrested for tbe abduction of Prince Alexander,. The English and American governmentsare eudeavoriug to frame a treaty for granting reciprocal fishing rights in Canadian and American waters. Beach defeated Wallace Ross in a sculling match on the Thames on Saturday by five lengths. A two days' match : at Birmingham, between the Australian I cricketers and an eleven of All England, terminated on Saturday in.a draw, time not permitting of its finish. Amongst the business set dowQ for trans action at the Town Council meeting this eveniog is a report of tbe Health Committee, submitting a letter from the "Hunter's Patent Disinfecting and Fertilising Co.," stating that they are prepared to enter into a new coutract with the council to remove the uightsoil from the town for a period; of five years, and requesting instructions in the' matter. The company, it may be stated, have patented a process invented by Mr A, D. Hunter for rendering nightsoil inodorous and valuable as a fertiliser, and the process has been stamped with the' approTa! of the leadiug medical and civic antho rities of the metropolis and subnibs. The disinfectant, which is ; a readily obtainable vegetable "substance, has for some time past been U5ed, >vith satisfac tory . results, at Government House, tbe ! Parliament Bouses, the Flemington race* | course, several railway stations, and' a number of Melbourne public institutions. The Commissioner of Public Works (Mr Nimmo), Mr \V. EL Steele(inspector- general), and Mr Chas. Le Cren (secretary of Public Works), accompanied by Messrs Munro and Andrews, Als.L A,, paid a.visit to this:town on Saturday for tbe purpose of inspecting a number*,of works. .They arrived by the midday train, and were met by represents tives of the Town Coaucil and borough >of Geelong West, .who escorted them, and, with the local parliamentary representatives, explafned ^successively tho condition .and requirements of "tho " Western gully " drain, the fishermen's jetty, tbe reclamation works,- the Moombool and'Yarra streets wharves, and finally the* Prince Albert bridge. The whole of the afternoon was busily occupied, and, though tho hour - as late when the < cuuiiitiou of the bridge had been duly discussed, the party found euillcient time to permit of a hasty examina* tion of Jeffery's fernery. Mr 'Nimmo, and thoso of the visitors who had not previously seen the. picturesque little spot,expressed themselves delighted • with its arrangement and general appearance. The return journey to the metropolis was made by the 6.40 pm, train. A report of the afternoon's proceedings appears elsewhere. The final football match of the season in Geeiong, so far as the champion club of the colonics is concerned, was played ou Saturday afternoon between the first twenties of tho Geeiong and Melbourne clubs, and resulted iu the defeat of the visiting team by Beven goals to two. Tho Geeiong team, setting aside the contests with ' the Sydney and Adelaide clubs, has- played 19 matches daring the season, winning 17, and making a draw in two others.' .* The total number of goals Bcored in favor of the Geeiong club, was 151, whilst v only 36 were lost. At the ooncluBion of -the match oq' Saturday the champions Were provided with two drags, each drawn by three horses, provided by Cobb aud Co., of Mai op-street. The drags were under the charge of Mr W.. Osborne, a well* known and skilful whip, and Mr Thos, Moss, manager for Cobb and Co.' in Geeiong, aud they conveyed tho victorious football players along the prinoipal thoroughfares of the towu in great style aftar the match. At the Police Court on Saturday, Mr Horasey, of Latr obe Terrace, was - proceeded against by Constable Hickey for allowing his chimney to become foul and catch fire> causing the local fire brigades to turn out on the evening of Saturday, ISfch inBt. Af fine of 10a was imposed. A youog woman named Mary M'Crae was charged, ou remaud, at the Police Court on Saturday morning with lunacy. She had been arrested some days previously at Birregnrra, by Constable Eilmartin, and a number of depositions, taken before Messrs Edmondson and Dennis, Js.P., were read, showing that the girl hadbeen suffering from a species of'religions mania, and had, at one time, threatened to oat her'throat or throw herself.in the river. Dr. Shaw stated that he had frequently visited 'her during the past week, whilst Bhe was under treatment at the Alfred ward of the hospital, •but failed to detect any symptoms of insanity in her. She had probably been suffering from temporary melancholy, caused through' having recently been living in comparative seclusion io the Cape Otway forest. . He ' recommended change of air, and that she be permitted to mix in cheerful society. Dr. Robinson concurred in thiB evidenoe, and the girl's father promised, .if she ware handed over to his care, that he would.take.her. to some friends near Melbourne, and subse quently to Warrnambool by boat, in order that she might fully reoover. The bench agreed to discharge her upon these condi tions. The Police Court prosecutions against John and Peter Bnrna were concluded at Colao on Saturday forenoon. Both were charged with having stolen several head of cattle and a horse. .John Burns pleaded guilty almost from the commencement of . the' case on Friday morning, whilst Peter Barns pleaded not guilty, and he was ably, defended by Mr T. N. Whyte, solicitor, of ; Geelong. The prisoner, J. Barns, was committed for trial at tho Supremo Coort; to be held iu this town next month, and Peter- Burns was discharged upon.both counts. ■ A .little boy named Abraham Bernard, residing with his parents in Skene>street, was admitted to the hospital on Saturday, Buffering from a broken'leg. He received the injury by falling down whilst he was playing in a garden attached to his parents' residence. Another lad, named Walter BrenoaD, living at Portarling'too, was treated for a fractured forearm. He was riding a horse, when the animal bolted and threw him violently to the ground. On Saturday afternoon a rather serious collision took place in Malop-street west. Two residents of Geelong West, named Ulrick Nelson and John Lendinbleth were proceeding along the Btreet in a trap, when a cab going in tho opposite direction was struck, with the result that - the occupants of the trap were forcibly unseated and fall on the road, Lendinbleth receiving a fracture of the left leg, and hia companion a wonod of the arm and some contusions. The accident was observed by - several persons, who promptly rendered assistance,' and the sufferers were speedily conveyed to tho hospital for medical" treatment. - With the'view of creating among the young people of the town and suburbs a taste for scientific pursuits, Mr .B, W, Wheatland, the energetic secretary of the Mechanics' Institute, has arranged for the holding of a scientific and musical con versa* zione in the Mechanics' hall on Tnesday and . Wednesday evenings, 5th and 6th October, It is intended to make tho event one of the moBt interesting. and instructive affairs of the kind ever held in Geelong. From the promises given towards assisting in the object referred to it is anticipated that thero will bo on exhibition j on ' the evenings named a number of microscopical and optical instruments of great power, electrioal appliances of all descriptions, working models and: varions .mechanical appliances, telescopes for astronomical observations, etc. Telegraphic and telepho* nic communication will be established throughout the building. Addresses on scien tific matters will be .delivered each evening by gentlemen well versed in the different snbjet^s, and several of- the leading local amateur vocalists will assist in making the musical portions" of "the programme of an attractive oharaoter, '. ' '•'!-? The following is a list of auditors appointed by the Governor-in-Conncil to- andit.the acconnts of local municipal bodies in this and the snrrounding districts :— Mr • John Elkington, of Lome,. for the borough of QueenBoliff. and- shires -of Bellarine and South Barwon ; Mr Edward Few, J.P., of Geeloug, for the shirea of - Colae and-Win Chelsea ; Mr W. Ferguson, of Ctmperdown, for the shires of Hampden, r Mortlake, and Warrnambool ; Mr F, P. Hickox, for the borougha of Newtown and -Chilwell and Gcelong West and shire of Barrabool .;. Mr W. B. Rodier, of Hawthorn, for the shires of Wyndham and Corio ; MrD. Ryan, of Greendale, for the shires of. Bannockbnrn, Bungaree, Meredith, and Leigh. i A scared-looking individual, named Thomas Moran, with his face so marked as to make sit appear as if he had had an encounter with one of the feline species, was presented at the Police Court on Saturday morning, charged with wilfully damaging the property of Mr Edward Gorry, of the Mount Moriac Hotel, and with using obscene language upon his premises. From the woful aoconnt of " the damage done by the accused, as given by Mr Gorry, the soeuo at the hotel at 2 ' a.m. on Friday must have been a. very near approach to the appearance of "A ball in a china shop." Meeting Moran in Geeloug on Thursday evening, MrGqrry informed him that he would be given three or fonr weeks' work if he went out to Mt. Moriac; and this ac« cused -did on the same evening. " He was taken care of by Mr Gorry's household, and retired at a reasonable hour. At about two o'clock on the following morning he got up, and made a veritable Babel of the premises by creating an nnearthly noise and destroy ing the furniture, and before Mr Gorry could interfere, a table with lamps, a drasser containing crockery, a cheffonier, cheat of drawers, toilet set, and other trifles were demolished. He also spilled a tin of kerosene, probably with the view of setting fire to the house. He was however, ultimately seonred, and held down until the arrival of Mounted constable Conway, by whom he was taken into custody, In reply to the constable and Mr Gorry, he Elated thai he had' ~done the damage cat of revenge, bat did not explain what he was avenging. .When addressed by the ma gistrates, Messra Sommera (major) and Gibson, Moran stated that he had been " in the horrors-" He was then remanded for a week for medical examination. We notice that Mr fi. E. Johns, formerly .clerk of the courts at Geelong, bat who was removed to Melbourne greatly against the wishes of the people of this town, has resigned the office of deputy coroner of "Victoria. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, Wellington-street, Ashby, was celebrated yesterday, when two sermons were preached morning and evening by the Eev. Win* Durridge, now of Hawthorn, bat some time ago of Geelong. The evening service was attended by an overflowing congregation, representatives from, all parts of the Geelong West circuit being present. The afternoon sermon was preached by the Kev. A. Powell, the present minister of the church. . Mr Joshua Vines has been elected a member of the school board of advice for the school district of Newtown and ChilwelL. The ghost of a jmyman haunted the Melbourne Central Criminal Court on Saturday. He was summoned to attend the court on'Thursday last, but his business In the other world would not allow him to pat in an appearance. Mr Justice Holroyd could, not. as be did not know the reason, consider this as a valid excuse, and fined him a couple of guineas. A friend of the juryman who was mulcted explained on Saturday that the juryman was defunct since last iVbruaiy. Under these circumstances {remarks the Herald) there is no prospect of the Government reaping the fine inflicted for non-attendance. . The case reminds us of a somewhat similar incident which happened locally some few years ago. A well known citizen had a favorite Scotch terrier, and had regularly registered it for some years. The dog died, and some months after its demise the inspector called upon its lats owner, and the following dialogue ensued ;— 14 You have not registered your dog 2" " I am aware of the met." *T)oyon know that the rime for doing so has expired 2" " I do.1' *• Do you intend to comply with the law T* No." " I shall have to summons you then. Is the dog still in your possession 2 * " It is."' 44 Where Is it 2 3 ** In that glaes case there. It died nearly twelvemonths ago, and I had it stuffed I" It wasn't exactly a prayer the inspector breathed as he hastily beat a retreat. On Thursday night last a valuable fox terrier slat, named Bee, the property of Mr W. Boyd, of Geelong West, was poisoned. Bee is the second fox terrier owned by Mr Boyd, poisoned daring the past few days* The poison was eridenily secreted in pieces of meat, some of which were found in the yard where the terriers are allowed to roam about It has been reported to the police that on Saturday night, about nice o'clock, two pairs of trousers and two waistcoats were stolen from the doorway at Messrs A. Miller and Co.'a shop, in Moorabool-street. The stolen goods were valued at £1 Is, Intimation was given in Friday's Govern ment Gazette that applications will fee re ceived at the Chief Secretary's office until the 16th October next, for a share in the grant in aid of the building fnnds of free libraries, 2s o institution is entitled to a share in this grant which is not actually a t'free library/' that is, a library which is open to ihepnblic daily " free" of charge, Mr Thos. Mann has been appointed by the Gorernor-in-Conncil to be a member of the school hoard of advice for the Moriac riding of the shirs of Barrabooh Baring the month of Aagust 6Q4S persons arrived by way of the seaboard in the colony of "Victoria, Of that number, 4091 came from the neighboring colonies,' 139S from the United Kingdom, and 559 from various foreign ports,' In the same period 3706 persons left the colony by steam and sailing vessels, and of that number 3*235 proceeded to the neighboring colonies, 37S to the United Kingdom, and 93 to foreign ports. Mr "Kyle, the inspector of stock for the Kchuca district, has been appointed as dis trictinspector for Geelong. Hetrili start for his son Bpliere ol labor as *wu as Ills succt«oor arrives in Eehnca. The Moama Agricultural Society, of which he has been president for five years, will, present him with an iilami Hated address prior to his departure. The newjand permanent time table for the ranixing of Mr W, Walker's lines of omni buses to Kewtown, Belmont, Heme Hill, Geelong West, and Botanical Gardens is published in our advertising columns. In addition to the Sunday 'bus to the Walling ton, there will be Sunday 'busses to the Botanical Gardens and Eastern Cemetery, and to Heme Hill and the Kew Cemetery. The week: day 'busses are timed to arrive at tbe depots in the suburbs at midday, so as to give passengers from town residing at those points ample -rime to ohtain their dinners and return by the same vehicles within the hour. On Saturday nights the 'busses will run one extra trip to each suburb, leaving town at ten - minutes past nine o'clock. In a recent issue of *hi» journal our Mel bourne correspondent wrote of many eminent men who, in the course of completion great architectural undertakings, or at their close, committed suicide, and he included the name of George Mickle Kemp, who designed the monument to Bit Walter Scott, at Edinburgh. A Geelong resident, hailing from "auld Scotia," and well acquainted with all the circumstances, protests against the statement that Mr Kemp committed suicide, and his sent us a "Guide to Edinburgh," in which his view is certainly sustained. In thw we find that "when the structure was about half boilt the unfortunate architect lost his life by an accident. On hi3 way home on a dark night be missed his footing- and fell into the Union Canal, where be was drowned." Tenders for various works in the shire of South Barwon are invited through our adver tising columns. Particulars respecting the Clydesdale stal lion Juochlel are published in cur advertising columns. To-morrow evening the bazaar arranged to be held in the Exhibition hall for the purpose of raising funds towards the erection of a Protestant hall in Geelong frill be formally opened by the hon. Jame3 Monro. TMr evening tea and public meetings in celebration of the anniversary of the Asliby Wesley an Church will be held lS'ext Friday evening the annual meeting cf the Geelong Cricket and Football Club frill be held in the Free library buHoing. The Peninsular and Oriental contract steamers will, "until farther notice, leave on Thmsdaya. 