MARTIN DEVEBIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER VIII. IS WHICH CICELY'S IDOLS ABE CAST DOWN". BR ADELINE SEBGEAST, Author of " JACOBI'S WIFE," &<J. "My poor darling," eaia Cicely, with a tenderness of which even Mrs. Le Breton, in spite of her usual determination to accept no sympathy fro01 her friends, could not bat feel the charm, "how I wish that I coald help you!" '•.Nobody can help me," said Pauline, letting her forehead rtst for a few moments against Cicely's shoulder, whilst the girl's arm rested lovingly round the elder women's nyck, " Nobody can help me, and I do not want to be helpei." Some days had passed since Philip 8 visit, but she had only just caaGded to Cicely the contents of her "husband's letter. It was a customary thing for Pauline to look sad and depressed after one of Robert Ls Breton's communications, and although Cicely bad noticed that she was graver and paler than usual, she had not ventured to question her friend as Philip Lorraine had done. Pauline WAS always reluctant t J speak to Cicely of Robert Le Breton. " Can Philip not help you?" sud the cirl. *• Philip least of all," answered Pauline, lifting her head. " If Robert wants me to go nith him I suppose I shall have to go." ' You shall not go!" said Cicely, with a uaih of her eye. "Go back to the man who leit yon friendless and 111 in that miserable lodging! As if I would allow that!" " You, dear Cicely!" There was a tender scorn in. Pauline's voice. "Yes; I. You shall not leave my house with Robert Le Breton as long as I have any authority in it I know I haven't any authority over you, and I don't want to have, yon dear, sweet thing!" said Cicety, falling down on her knees at Pauline's side, and pressing her lips to Pauline's tremulous lingers, ** and I have none—unfortunately— over Robert Le Breton ; but I have a house of my own, thank heaven ! and some faithfni servants, too; and I think that bolts and bars may avail, if moral saasion won't, to keep you inside, and Mr. Le Breton outside it.' 1 "My dear little romantic girl, we don't live in the Middle Ages!" said Pauline, smiling sadly. " It is rather a pity that we don't!" said Cicely, with a sound of tears in her sweet langh. " Bat living in Ladywell Prior has inspucd me. I mean to behave as though I were quite mediaeval. You shall stay here -with me Pauline, and I will send Robert Ls Breton away." " How will you manage that V " Bv telling him what £ think, and what the world thinks, of his behaviour! Yon are all too gentle with Robert. I am sure that nobody has told him to his face how mean, and cowardly, and wicked he has been." " Don't you think so ? 1 did my best," said Mrs. Le Breton, with steady cynicism. " But "you were his wife. Men don't listen to their wives—at least, so you have told me. I should like to see whether another woman could sot give him a leseon." "Don't try, Cicely. I would rather that yon did not see him—did not speak to him —again. I know him better than you do." Something in the chill desolateness of her tone silenced. Cicely. She was still kneeling before her friend, with her clashed hands resting on Pauline's lap, and her wistful eyes raised to Pauline's face ; but Mrs. Le Breton seemed not even to be thinking of her. Her eyes looked as though they were fixed upon something very far away; the lines of her face were rigid and severe. ' Presently she roused herself and saw Cicely's tender, mobile face so close to her own th&t; she was obliged to smile and kiss it. "Dear Cicely," she said, "you say that you wibh you could helD me. You help me far more tiiau jou know. I wish I had no troubles cf my own to darken your life with! It is not fair to yon." " What a nice person I should be if [ agreed villi you r said Cicely, scornfully. " A selfish, heartless brute of a girl who thought of nobody but herself. How much you would enjoy living with me! Come, dear Pauline, don't think of Robert Le Breton a.uy mc-re this afternoon. We will take care that be does not darken these doors a^ain, and, in the meantime, let us' forget him for a little time, or only think of him as a bad dream, which is cot likely to recur. Because, you know, dear, it is really quite practicable for you to refuse to live with Hubert Le Breton. It would be the easiest thing in the world for you to get a sepiration from him if you wished to do so. Uncle Anthony said so years ago." Cieily followed up her words by a kis3 which was meant 'to apologise for their straightforward common sense, in case it should wound Pauline's sasceptioilities. And then ehe changed the subject. " It is nearly 4 o'clock, and I must go and change my frock. Don't you know who is comisg this afternoon ?" "Ko. Mr. Lorraine?'' " Philip certainly ; but Philip is to briag vitfc him the object of my detestation—the man called Kinglake. Could I have a headache, and keep away, do you think V "Scarcely, with propriety. Be a goal child and do your duty as hostess." " Ah, yes ! there's the worry of it!" sighed Cicely. "Imagine a usurper entertaining the l&at; dethroned king of _ the country as oftertocn tea! £ shall feel inclined to make him a curtscv and say, 'Take your right place, sir ; I will abdicate very gladly; I always felt that I had not the slightest right to be here.'" "What an exaggerated sentiment that would be, Cicely!" The girl had gone into her dressirg-room, and Pauline could hear her moving about, opening wardrobes and shutting drawers with marvellous rapidity, as she continued to speak in her quick, clear tones. "If you only knew what a burden the Jvinglakes have been to me ever since I came here as a g : rl of fourteen! Old Richards had been a footman in their time, Mary Jones a nursemaid, Farrant a gardener's boy. Tney stayed on, I believe, chiefly in the desire to make the lives of the new comers uncomfortable. The house had been empty for some years between the going away of the Kinglakes and our arrival; and those three had lived in it acd kept np the old traditions." " Yon never told me that they made you uncomfortable,'' said Pauline. " Oh, no, I was far too proud to say so. But I need to feel dreadfully nervous when Richards put on his grim face and said (so respectfully) to papa, * It's just as you please, of conrce, sir; but it was never so in my late master's time.' Then there was Mary Jones —' Mr 8. Kinglake was such a true lady, Miss! Site never said a word that would give offence to any living soul!"' "A doubtful compliment" " Then there was Farrant, promoted to be bead gardener—' Sorry I can't give you this bit o' ground, miss; but you see it was the young gentleman's gar ding, and £ don't like to see it cut to pieces.' What was one to do but to retire humbly from the contest, and all but beg his pardon for presuming on the young gentleman's possessions?" "I don't suppose that you ever were really so weak as you represent. Cicely." "You don't know how weak £ can be, then. Papa was not weak ; he used to insUt on his plans being carried out But one thing £ confess — the spindle-legged chairs in my sitting-room were my doing." There was a little pause, then Cicely reappeared, radiant in a lemon coloured garmentwhich became her admirably, with strings of amber beads, round her neck and wiistB, and a white flower at her throat. She seldom required the services of a maid, unless she were dressing for a party ; she greatly Dreferred to use ner own hands and her own feet, although, as she had told Pauline one day with a comical face, Mary Jones had informed her that" Mrs. Kinglake had never buttoned her own boots for twenty-five years." "Mtf, Kinglake must have been a very lazy l-erson, I think," Cicely added. She came back to Mrs. Le Breton's side with a somiwhat graver countenance than before, and pioeeeded with the half earnest recital of her grievances. "The Church and the picture-gallery are the places in which I feci worst. I sit and «ad the names on the tablets. Thers was one Ralph, who was a coui tier in King Hal's time, and got the property when the monaattriis were destroyed; and Francis, who sailed round the world with Drake; and Richard, who was a Royalist in Charles's iiine; and Kenelm, who tried to find the philosopher's stone and couldn't. _ Their tombs are all in the Church and their pictures in the gallery; and I wish with all my heart that dear papa had behaved like any other parvenu and bnilt me a staring rea-briek •ranhioc in a new neighbourhood, surroanded •l>y nt-v grounds newly laid out with spiky, little, expenbive trees—a*so new and juvenile —and not pretented me with a real live Priory, haunted by the ghosts of mea with whom" one has not the least connection_ or svmpatuv ! So now let as go downstairs, Pduiiue; 1 told them to bring tea into the little drawing room, which has at least the •advantage ot having been entirely refurnished since the days of the Kinglake dynasty." *Alr.*. Le Breton waa not without curiosity to tee the man whose fathers had for so many veais been the masters of Lady well Priory. With all her acutecets, she could not be quite ECre whether Cici-ly was in earnest or *s lif-tber she was inertly acting a somewhat « Liaieical part in objecting so trongly to a visit fr m one of the Kinglakes. Certainly she < howed no sign of shyness nor of unfrit ndlinesB as she Btool talking to the tall stianger whom Phillip Lorraine had introduced. She looked at him with self-posression, which was not devoid of quaint amusement at hie position and her own 4 and there was a shrewd gleam in her eye when the conversation turned, as it speedily did, upon the old connection of the Kinglake family with Ladywell. ' To be continued.) 