» THE BUFFALO HOSPICE." Shades ! of the romantic and pictur esque, we bid yon close your eyes and veil yonr faces, when we announce that there is to be an hotel erected at or near the crowning point of the lone and magnificent Buffalo. But courage, dear ghosts of the sublime and beautiful, and again gaze upon one of yonr favorite hannts, when yon learn that this invasion by cold, unsympathetic and so-called civilisation on one of your grandest and loveliest demesnes is not a mere com mon, vulgar pdbli -house, but a hospice That makes all the difference. It is indeed a comfort to the human stomich when we approach an ordinary roadside country inn-1— and, too often, not always that en the morning thereafter — but the very name of hospice briugs back to us al the glories of the Alps, the heroic isola tion of i ha monks of St. Bernard, and the true and faithful animals which bear that s not's name, and should themselves be canonised. We shall have no use for dog oh the top of the Buffalo, unless to track wandering pairs of lovers who have Btrayed from the beaten paths around the hospice ; as, luckily, the snow does not lie there long enough or deep enough to overwhelm the adventurous explorer ; but there is no doubt that although camping out has its charms, it will add greatly to the convenience and the pleasure of many who cannot .face the perils of wet clothes and tent life, to learn that there is really to be a hospice on the top nflhe Buffalo mauniain, aDd a road made, over which buggies and coaches may be driven right to l he summit. Mount Buffalo, which is 5645 feet above the level of die sea, was firs! ascended, so far as we know, by a survey party somewhere about die year 1852. They started from Faithful's Station, at Oxley, and, striking across the Buffalo River, took a spur between that riv.-r aud the Ovi-ns at the back of Wabonga . Station. We never have been by that route ; lint it is said that some of th-- party rode the whole way. They, how ever, simply went there to erect a laud- mark — which remains to this. day. — and returned without making any observations as regards the character of the strange plateau which they visited. It remained, apparently, a perfect terra incognita for some years, nntilaconple of police cadets, stationed at Porepuukab, tempted by the appearance of the mountain — as pre sented from Mr Hooper's hospitable hotel — with its precipitous sides, and its white cascade tumbling over the top like a great streak of quartz in the mountain, determined to make tbd ascent, not know ing anything about its ever having been made before. One of them, succeeded in the a' tempt about February or March, 1854, by ascending the spur between the Bncklaud River and the Eurobin Creek, but as he was without food — not thinking the ascent would be so arduous or prolonged — he only arrived on the top a little before sunset, and was compelled . to leavo ' next morning before making more than a cursory survey of the northern "table. Bat what he did see , was so remarkable that a great number of persons believed he was romanciDg, or, at all events, took his description of the magnificence and extent of the mountain's top as the result of a dream of the imagination, cauBed by a want of sapper and the isolation of a man sleeping alone in so desolate a place: As may, howtever, be seen fromMr Hooper's, this spnr strikes the face of the mountain, about half-way. up from which point the rest is nearly precipitous, involving the climbiDg.of one rock to another, and no one cared to repeat the experiment. It was therefore several years before any oilier attempt was made to "top" . the Buffalo ;:but at length a very good track . was discovered from the Bnckland River higher up, and this enabled parties to ascend wiih pack-horses, and even for ladies to ride nearly all the way. Then it began to be really , believed that the Buffalo mountain was not only what it had been described by its first casual visitor, but, from its own extraordinary character and the magnificent , and varied views which were to be obtained from it, one .of the most remarkable mountains in 'Australia. In fact, we are confident that, 'so great is the extent of the rongKitablelandj arid so numerous he ravines and spars .which radiate from ,not one-tenth part "of its extraordinary xeatures or of its beauties, have been yet discovered. - But the lime, is now drawing-nigh when all' its treasures of .loveliness a"nd splendor n will be ransacked, as it seejns .that Messrs J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., and Councillor Curtain, of Mel bourne, are about " to build a grand hotel on the plateau, 'and the shire council a'rid'the: Government have deter- 'iv mined (construct a road for Wheeled' vehicles oil the.; way." .We may be sure that lovers of nature who determine to make the gran ascent will give Beech-' worth a call in passing, and see the beauties of that neighborhood, as an intellectual relish, before visiting the grander and wilder scenes 'which - will prcBen ttiisuisclvr.j! from the Hump.; of the Buffalo. 