IBovdist. his onFmistake, CHAPTER LXYI.—(CONTINUED.) By BERTHA M. CLAY, " It looks like a place to be haunted," eaid Lord Carsdale; " still, a sea- washed jetty jt> rather a strange place for a ghost. What kind of ghost is it ? " " Well, you know, sir, of oourse it is no ghost—there is no such thing; but I tell you one thing, none of our young people would come h.ere after dark, and I do not mind saying that I have often bad a turn myself." " What is it, then ?" asked Lord Carsdale. " To tell you the truth, sir," eaid the old man, "it is a lady, I think seme great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it." " What foes ehe do J " continued Lord Carsdale, growing interested. " Well, ehe never comes here, sir, before the gloaming, and ehe is eo shadowy, to still, so white, and so beautiful, that people have a kind of dread of her. I have seen her often enough, and her face is quite transparent; it is like martile with the moon shining on it. She seems always to come with the gloaming, and ehe goes away with tho great darkness. She aits right at the end of the jetty, there where the water touches those black arches. I went to her once," continued the old man, seeing that his listener was interested. " I said to myBelf there was nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. " Are you not afraid of the waves ?" I said to her; and, eir, I almost fell back into the sea myself when she raised her face and looked at me. I did not know that there could be such a face in all the world. "What was it )ike?"'asked Lord Oarsdale. " It would take one more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever seen on this earlh; it was beautiful, like the face of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she bad cried—the grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, "Are you not afraid of the waves?" and then she looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said: " When they reach these black arches theyaredangerous," I said "Yes,I know," she replied; and, for me, euch a voice was worth hearing; it waB sweet and sad an a cooing dove. " Do you know," I continued, " that danger in this case mean« death ?" " Yes, I know it," she answered. " You need not trouble about me. Do you eee this mark here ?" She raised her handsuch a white hand, eir, like a snow-flake—and she pointed out to me a great black notch in the wood. " You see this ?" she repeated, and I eaid " Yes." "I shall sit here," ehe said, " night after night until the waves reach here, and when they reach here I shall die. Ob, welcome death 1 Ob, beantiful death I I shall die; it will not be suicide; I shall not kill myself; but tbe waves will carry me BO gently out to sea—co gently so sweetly 1" Sir, I drew back, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voice were like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks since; now I watch heg, and I have my boat ready. If ever I seeder in danger, I shall do my best to "It is a strange story," said Lord Cars- dale. " AH the young people are shy of going near the jetty. It used to be a famous place for love-making: now, when that silent figure steals so gefetly and quietly along, every one vanishes as though by magic." "What time do you say the poor lady comes?" asked Lord Carsdale. " Only in the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as he walked away. CHAPTER LSVII. WON AT TILBX. " Could it be Ailie 1" Lord Carsdale asked himself the question over and over again. Why had bis thoughts flown to her at onoe ? why should tliat strong, ewift, keen, searet oonviation have seized him—that it was she, and no one else? It seemed to him, now that he thought of it, natural enough that ehe shouia come to Fernbay—the one happy day of her life had been spent here. Could it be Ailie, this woman of unearthly beauty, who was only waiting until the green waves reached that black notch and carried her awa 1 He looked after the old man, wishing that 1 had made further inquiries, that he had asked more about her, that he had tried to make out where she oame from. Then he said to himself that he would wait until the gloaming and see for himself. Suddenly be remembered that he oould not wait—be had promised to send a telegram, and he must do it at onoe; he could return as soon as the gloaming fell. He went, despatched his business, and returned. The gloaming had fallen then, a Blight silver mist hung over the sea; the waves ran smoothly, they were crested with white foam; the wind was still, and seemed to brood over the water rather than stir it. It was 60 dark, as ho walked up that lonely jetty, that he oould hardly see; then, as he drew nearer—down at tbe farther end, oi site to the blaok arohes, and watching them intently—he eaw the silent, solitary figure of • mnuui. • 1 In his after life Lord Carsdale could hardly describe what followed; it teemed to him that that very moment he passed from tho regions of commonplace and common life into those of romanoe—lbe darkening night, the long, low wash of the waves, the heaving of the silent sea, the line of lights in tbe distauoe, the tall white cliffs standing so erect and defiant, tho lonely jetty with the sea breaking over it, and that one figure watching so intently. Oould it be Ailie ? He stood and watched —how long ho never knew, ho oould never tell. The darlmees crept on apace; the great rnby light at the end of the jetty sent out a strange, livid fame; still the silent figure eat there, watching the dark arches, and Lord Carsdale stood quite still, watchiDg it. • Then came a strange, sweet sound—at first he thought it waa tbe distant mneio; then it grew so strange, eo sad and sweet, he oould have believed the old fable of the mermaid; thon he recognized tho sir—afavourite dreamy German melody, called " Tbe Lonely;" it eesmed to float over the waves, and die away in their murmur. It was Ailie singing—he knew the voice. He was quite certain of her then, and ho thanked Heaven for the instinct that had led him to find her. He said to himself that he must be oautious; perhaps what they said about her was true—that her great sorrow had driven her mad; and he must not distress her by suddenly speaking to her. He went nearer to her, and tbe shadow that the ruby light threw on the jetty was at her feet, but ahe neter saw it. Then, more cautiously still, be went near her, and looked in her face; it was Ailie—but, great Heaven; how changed, how wan, how white 1 Her face, as the old man said, was transparent—it was unearthly in its clear transparency; the sorrow that filled it was not of tbe kind tbat sends relief in tears. He saw that she looked neither to the right nor the left, that she never took her eyes from the great notch on the blaok arohes. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until they covered the sweet, sad face, and bore her away with them. The picture troubled him so greatly he dare not be silent any longer. What if she rose suddenly end walked from tbe end of the jetty into the sea ? He stood before her—he touched her gently, and called her by name. " Ailie 1 " he said ; " Ailie' my wife 1 " There was no madness in tbe gaze she turned on bim, nothing but unutterable s;dness—unutterable sorrow. She cid not seem surprised to eee him ; perhaps ehe had thought FO much about him that it gave her no surpriee to seo him there. Her face could grow no whiter than it bad done, but a strange light came into her eyes. She never dreamed that he waa there for any oiher purpose but to blame her. She clasped her hands and looked into her face. I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale," she said, " I did not toll one eingle word. I would not have spoken if they had killed e." Then she looked from him to the dark arches, where the waves rose slowly, " Ailie," he eaid, gently, " trill you tell me what you are doing here ? " " Yes," she replied. " I am waiting until the water reaches tbat rock, then it will carry me away." " You know that will be suicide," he said. I do not think so ; the soft, green waves will fetch me—I shall not throw mjselt in." "But, Ailie, why do you wish to die?" he asked. " Because my miserable life stands between you and your happiness," she replied; "because life is bitter, and death is sweet." My darling Ailie—my dear wife—listen to me," he said. " I have followed vou here, I have looked for yon everywhere, because I want to tell you that at last I have learned to love you—and that I want you to try and be happy as my wife." There was no rapture of lore in the pale face, no light such as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. She looked at him with gentle, mournful dignity. Yon forget," she said, " you told me that you loved Lady Ethel." There was no reproach, no anger in her tones; nothing but the most gentle incredulity. I know it," he said; " but Ailie, listen to I have come so far to eee you, my darting; make room for me by your side." She drew aside her dresB, and he sat down by her. "I want to tell you, Ailie, how your heroism has touched me. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rock; the clear, green waves Bhall never take you away—your only home shall be henoeforward in my heart. Ailie, yon said onoe, long ago, that love wins love; and it is true. Your great love for me has won love from me." Still she looked at him, and said: " It is Lady Ethel you love, not me." " My darling wife, what must I say to convince you that it is you whom I love, and no other ? Lady Ethel and I have parted; we shall not meet again; and I gave up my life to seeking for you, just as now I shall give it up to making you happy." " It oannot be true," Ehe said, musingly. " It is true, Ailie. I oannot even tell you when I began to thtok so much about you ; I frankly own that it puzzled me myself; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to love you. Your faee touched me; the sweet, sad eyes haunted me; the sound of your voice never left me, and I said to myself I most be learning to lore my wife at last." He took the two oold, white hands in his. " Then, when I oame back—I was only so short a time absent, Ailie—when I came back, and I found that my beantiful wife had suddenly become a heroine, that for my sake, be. cause ahe would not betray me, she had endured insult and calumny—that she had sacrificed even h'er fair name for me by refusing to justify herself at my expense. I said to myself, my wife is a heroine, the greatest heroine of all; there is no one like her. Quite suddenly, my darling, you became invested in my eyes with every great and glorious quality—with endurance, with patience, with fortitude, with self-denial. What love was this ? I said to myself; the world had seen none like it—so beautiful, eo brave, so devoted 1 And, Ailie, while I stood listening to what my mother said about you, my heart seemed stirred with a new, sudden, great love—a love that swept through my whole being like a flame, before which all other love faded, Bnd I said to myself,' I will make myself worthy of my wife.'" She looked up at him timidly. " It is really true, Lord Carsdale, that you love me 1—that you wish to be worthy of me ? —is it really true ?" " It is quite true, Ailie. Let me tell yon something else. I have been to Budeswell, and have made them all happy there. I have told them who I am, and all about our marriage. I have done the same tlnng at home, so that there need be no more seoreoy." Some little colour had come into the beautiful face, a lovely colour that came and went; tbe unearthly light faded from her face, and something of hnman interest oame into it. " I have been here so long," she aaid, " waiting for death, that my eyes are dazzled with the great, strong light of eternity. What id Lady Waldrove say ? She was very angry, blow. I — tremble when I think of her." " She was angry, and my father, too; but, my foiling Ailie, I em fowg to take yon to Austria; and when wo have been there a few years tbry will forj;etjill anger, and bo glad to see me back again." Ho spoke more cheerfully than he felt on that one subjeot. Thon he told her all that Lidy Ethel had Baid. "NUT will you believe that I love you, my wife ? I f you knew how ashamed I feel of all my cowardice, how augry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive mo. Believe that I love yon, my darling wife, when I give up with a smile everything man holds most dear—country, home, friends, parents, all for the one true love of my life." There was a lingering look of incredulity on her face, but as he clasped her in his arm?, and covered her faec with passionate tears, it vanished never to return. She held her hands for one miuutc above her head, then sbe said: "Ithank God tbat He has given mc the deEire of my heart," The 6tars came out in the dark sky, the moon shono an the waters, and long hours ad passed before they quitted tbe solitary ier. It was not the same Ailie; those who ad feared her before would net know her ow; all tho sorrow and sadness had passed rom hc-r beautiful iace, and it wae bright with he happiest love. It seemed to her that no ne had ever been so happy before, or so lesBcd. She asked so many queEtions about ome—what her father and mother had said? hat llose's lover was like ? was all the rand news over Frank true? And Lord aredale, seeing how deeply it interested her, ever wearied of telling her every detail of the nterview. Two daysafterward they started for Vienna, here, in the course of a fen months, Lady arsdr.Ie was known as one of tbe most eantiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant onrt. She was happy bjyond all words in er husband's love, and he had learned to alue hqr, CHAPTER LX.VIII. ANGELS OF riiACE. Six years had passed since the terrible day on which the proud CounteES of Waldrove had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her lite lay buried. Lady Gertrude's marriage was one of the most brilliant ceremonies ever witnessed at ll^eeneath, The Duke and Ducbesa of Claverdon were present, and the most elaborate apologies were made for the unavoidable absence of the son and heir. He was in Vienna, and oould not get away. Lord Carsdale had fold out of his regiment before he left England, and the appointment he held in Vienna was a diplomatic one. Tbo countess owned herself more than content with the grandeur at the marriage. Her daughter?, the Dacliiss of Claverdon and Lidy Eiwdon, visited her very often, bringing with them blooming children, tbe eight of whom made her heart ache with longing for ber son. Daring all these years Lord Carsdale had not written home. Perhaps bad he prayed for pardon and reconciliation, the earl and the countess might have hardened their hearts agaicEt him; as it was, his submission and silence had softened them. One event had happened which had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove —Lady Ethel had married that most handeoise, irresistible of all woera, Captain Moore. She had become the Countess of Hurlingham since her marriage, and on each visit to Roseneath Ehe never ceased to weary both earl and countess with importunities to send for their son. , " It was such nonsense," she said; " the d$ed was done now. Lord Carsdale had proved himself to be a hero. As for his wife, the British peerage," she dauntlessly declared, "did not hold suohanother." There wae nothing but good sews from the Derwents. Through the influence of Lord Carsdale, Rose's lover, the Reverend Cuthbert Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire, where he and his amiable wife lived the happiest nf lives. Frank bad made his mark, and bid fair to be one of the leading civil engineers of the day. John Derwent and his wife had retired to a very pretty little farm in the sunniest part of Kent, where they lived as they had never hoped to live, and Hettie was with them. Nothing but good news from all parts of the world, and Lady Ailie Carsdale rejoiced in it. There came a beautiful spring morning— the sun was shining, the balmy air was filled with the perfume of mignonette and lilao. The Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in their breakfast-room at Roseneath Abbey— & beautiful room, gay with pink hangings and white lace, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquils. The eun shone in through the windows, and its light fell on the beautiful flowers, the massive silver, the delicate china, and fine damask. It was a very pretty and luxurious home picture—the countess in her dainty morning-robe and cap of Mechlin lace, the earl in his dressing-gown —a cozy home picture. My lady touched the white hyacinths, she looked at the greenspringing mignonette, she lingered over the fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, she said to the earl: " I am very lonely; I am very dull." " It is dull," said the carl. " We seem to be lost in this great, empty house. I have felt quite gloomy sinoe Gertrude and her obUdren went away." The same unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both—an intense longing to have their son near them again. Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrove looked up quiokly. " What was that ?" she BBbed. The earl did not move. " Some of the servants have little visitors, I should imagine," he said. But the words died on his lips, for the door suddenly and slowly opened, and then entered the lovelist pair of little children ever beheld. There was a little girl with a face like a rosebud, lovely, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over tbe whitest shoulders ever seen—a little fairy, full of graoe and dignity. Sbe looked neither to the right nor to the left, but went straight up to the earl, and standing in front of htm, raised her lovely, limped eyes to his face. Will you please forgive my mamma 1" she eaid. A handsome, dark-haired boy, with a true Carsdale face, and dark, flashing eyes—a frank, bold, brave boy, who won her heart at a glanoe, went np to Lady Waldrove, and said: Will you forgive my papa ?" God bless met" cried the earl. "Who are these ? Who are you, my dear 7" " I am Lucie Carsdale," said tbe little fairy. " And I," said the boy, " am Stephen Carsdale—named after my grandfather, the grand old earl." " And who sent you here ?" "Papa and mamma sent us. Papa bids me say he loves you both, and he longs to come home to you. He says you will love mamma when you know her." It was useless for tbe countess to speak, for the earl had clasped both tbe pretty messengers in his arms. I chould refuse the acgels of God," he said, "it I refuse you." Shall you forgive our boy?" eaid the coon tees. And the grand old earl, in a tailoring voice, eaid: " I will, I will, as I hope one day to be forgiven." There was still another surpriso for them. Lady Ethel followed tho littfo OIKH into the room. " I am an uninvited guest," she said; " but, I am sure, a welcome one. I have brought these dear children. Lord and Lady Carsdale wait outside." The next moment the son was in his mother's arms, and the earl had embraced his son's wife. It was the prettiest scene over witnessed, and one which must have made the angels smile. They lived happily ever affcrwerd. The countess learned to love very dearly tho beautiful, graceful woman who was ber son's wife. There was no more popular lady in England than Lady Carsdale; but, when ehe is Epnaliing seriously, sbe says there is no greater folly than tbat of an unequal marriage. TEE ESI). 