A French Hiatorioal Gho3t Story. Onob upon a timo— that ia, towards tUo clow of tholaac century— tbo forest of Sonnrfc did not pesseati a hotter reputation than tho forest of Uonely bus enjoyed in our days. Ono fiao night in tha ninimer of 1700 tho diligonco from Paris to Meluu had just outoredtbo alloo which ttnvsrses tho ontiro length ot tho forest— otu toniiiul oqIiu whoso thick brauoh^H shroud tho rofid in darknens. Tlio rotunda und oonpo of the old-faebioned vchiolo wero full; in Eido weri two travellorH, and on tho impw'mlo a 1'iovinuiul tenor mado tho wooda coho to his socg. In suoh a situation no one so^med to ruti tho Icuet risk, and tho diligonco proceeded gently at a walking puco. On ardviugnour Cor beil tho driver shook up his horses and nude flic atones of tho sleepy town rattlo. At tho relay oliico tho guard got down and invitod tho not unwilling pussougorfl to pattiiko of refresh ments. Tho luttor, nothing loth to aooedo to tho proposal, -Jc8oeudod from their peroh, looked at cno unotber, yawned, and aountod their num lor«. 'Hullo!' oriod tha conduotor, 'what has becomo of my two insido piifsongf.rar'' 'Dou't Lcrincni youreclf, govornor,' rttid tho ttnor, ' thoy vvili turn xip your triwollara, and tho wolfj will not have dovoured them.' 'Pmbleu!' rejoined a uotary on hia wuy to Mtluu; 'why juat before entering tho forosfc I knucd over to cfCoi' them a piuoh of snuff at the window.' Tho conductor searched in vain. No trace of tho travellers was to bs found. Tho diligence hud to .start nprnin without pick ing up tlio missing pair. A fow days after thia suipri-iug incident tho police wont to iuforin M. Mi'ihui, I'rofecBor nt tho Conaorvatoire, of tho elisfippeatimco of his old irietd, Mousrisnr X. Notbiiiff had been eoou of him Binco tho evening 011 wlroh ho had stopped into tho 'diligcnco for Meluu in tho Couc des Jlosai gerios. Tho nowa caused profound grief to tho celebrated musician. AH tha researches ho medi) to discover bin friend remained fruitless. So 6tra:igo an occurrcnco could not but greatly disturb the composer, who spolco and thought of it iiieepfcunUy— ho rnuoh Bi, that ho lost up potito and sleep. Ono night, whon tossing in bed, tho clock of St Eooh having just struo!: 2, tho moon, shining through tbo halt- opened ehutiem, threw ita |raya on tho figure of a queer littlo hunchback holding in hia crookod hands a rc-ll of cord. Mehul rubbed hi9 eyci and raised himself on liis pillow, endeavouring to convince himself that ho was not thu viotiai of niijhtinare. Tha hunchback w.is still thoro close to tho bed, nnd tho terrified musician was about to inquiro tho reason o! thia (singular apparition, when suddenly his tougua clova to tbo roof oi bid mouth, his hair Hood on ond, and a shudder passed through hia frame. Be hind tho littlo figure with tho crookod hand3 ho described tho whito shadowy outlino of hia loisoing friend, whoso fniut glanno Hoomcd directed towards him. Tho next iuatanfc a pawing cloud hid the moon from sight, and tho viiioji vanished. On waking in tho morning, when trying to collect his thoughts, tho sus picion that it must hnve been a drown forced itaolf upon bis mind. And yot bow vividly ho recalled the wholo scfn?. 'I could have Hworn,' bo said, ' that I s*w my poor friend locking nt me sndly, and making dgng to me. But what cor.ld tho littlo hunchback havo to do there.?' Gradually, however, tho remoai branco of tho phantom, which hi did not dare rolute to his wifo; disappeared from Mehul's mind, and if ho sometimes thought 01 his Io3t fiiend, ho forgot to associate* him with tha viyon. Fivo ycaca elftlised. Imperial Caism had iificeudcd thethrono of tho King of Franca, and all tho world tais abroad ut tho rejoicings that marked tho close of ouo of the troubled Btcgea oi tlio national annala. Meb.nl and his wife, followed by thuir children, stood nil tnirmj.', liko gocd citizens, Uio illuminations iu tho Chumps l!ilyi-een. All of a sudden ho fait tomcono tugging ut the Bkirls of liis ooafc. Turning Eh^rxJy round, the oorqposer Heized the hand of tho pickpocket, whoso ctookod fiuycre end inisrfinpen l'ovm raoallnd a familiar appearance. Whero had ho soon them befora ? While holiiJHjr tho mun iu his gra.-p, tho reooi leeti(jn of tho phantom flashed iiaross his muvl. Hut in prcj-:eiico of the Cciinniigsairo do l'olica, li'i'ilml bhrunk from giving vent to hio wig piuiuie. Kow was it possible to accuse a man of murder on tho cvid&noe; of u drcuin 't Nevoc thok'sa, it vraa only with au effort that Uio uiuMciau refrained from telling hia strauifo etory. All night, while lying in his bed, with half-open shutters, tho moon shono forth as fivo years before, and tiio clock of St Roeh guv,-) 'forth tho hour of 2. Juat ufc that instuit a whito shadow omergod from tho luminous rays at tho window, and a sepulchral voice murmured, 'Avenge mo, my iriond, avongo ir-e.' This timo Iho composer of 'L'lrata' no longer h«sitati-d. ' £ch, dear friend, I ^?ill avenge thce.' I'ortliTnth ho repaired to the police station of tho Champs Elysi'ca and related what he had seen. If it bed been auyono less important than tlio moitre tie chopelta (if thu Eropc-ror thi Commisi pairo would havo eliiimiesecl tho b»aror of so btrargd n lneesage as a liuintia ; but the ulTuial listened -rrHvely to his story. A keen examin ing iu»gi;it.r!ic6 \vilu i;rauluyed to ferrot out tlio Hccrel of the hur.ehbar.k. ' It inicppir-d that duiini; tbo Be-igu of Terror tho m»n belonged to an association known au tbo Tapc-dtsr (.-ili-iko hard). After thu colUpse o£ tbo committee of Public Hufoi'.y portiona ox tbia band betook themeulvea to' tbo highway for 11 liviug, whioh our friend tho hunchback prefetred to following his trado or a. teilor. Tliroujjh tho ind'-scretion of a servant ho hud hoard that Mehul's friend v.T.s going to JSIeluu to pay into tlio hands of a notary tho prieo of a country house ho had bought, in wliich ho hoped to ejoud tho ro mninder of his days. Tukiujj advantajo of hie lonely bitu&tiou;, the baudi'; strangled iho olher cccupunt of tho dilipfonco, aud dUay pcared with liis body, which ho bnricd i.'t tlia foreiit. A leta t;cntimontal jury than ia to bo met -with nowndp.yo condemned tlio murderer to tho scaffold. £!uoh \vm the atory rotated the other day ia a Parisian boudoir by the grjnd non of a Sl&rnhal; of Franco, who had it from Muhul himsolf, Tho imprimatur of 'Msry Summer' is given to this legend. — Leeds jlfo1 cmy correspondent. 