THE NOVELIST. IN THE YEAR '13. This is an interesting tale of the state of affairs in the rural districts of Mecklenburg in 1813, when the Germans began to rise against the French. It was originally written in Low German, by Fritz .Renter ; translated by C. S. Lewes, and included in the Tanchnitz series. CHAPTER III. (Continued.) Why Fritz Sahlmann got a hox on the ears, and the watchmaker spent the night fighting- with Mamsell Westphalen's four-post bed, and why "the French Colonel paid a visit to the watchmaker iu ared blanket. " Herr Droi," said Mamsell Westphalen, " that's a bad business. You couldn't put on that imp Fritz Sahlmann's things, for if you did manage to squeeze yourself into them, they would be much too short for you. And the Herr Amtshauptniann's clothes ? No, Herr Droi, you mustn't ask that of me. It would be just as if I were to set fire to the Schloss with my own hands. And, heaven be praised, we have no other men here. But Herr Droi you saved us when we were in danger this afternoon, and so I will save you in return. Your wife knows that you're up here amongst Christian folk. Yon shall sleep to-night in my four-post bedstead, and I will sleep with the housemaid ; I'll put on fresh linen. Come, Frau Meister." So saying she went out, and presently she came back again, put fresh sheets on the bed anu asked once more : " Herr Droi, are you not afraid?" And Herr Droi again replied that he was not. " That's all right," said she ; for it often goes tap — tap — tap, in a curious way olose by. But it never comes into the room. I have had a horseshoe nailed over the door. —Listen, just listen 1 The Frenchman are going to bed now. Just listen to the chattering ! Herr Droi can you under stand it-ali ?" " Ah, yes," said Herr Droi. " I can easily believe it, for the wall is very thin. This was one large room once, but now it's made into two. Well, good night, Herr Droi. Come Frau Meister.". So saying she went out, followed by the Frau Meister, and shortly afterwards by Herr Droi too, who suddenly iemembered he had a message for the Frau Meister to take his wife. Scarcely were the three out of the room, when some one flew along the corridor where the night- lamp was burn ing, into Mamsell Westphalen's room. It was that young rogue Fritz Sahlmann, and under his arm he had a lump of ice as large as a pumpkin ; he climbed up the bedpost like a cat, and laid the lump of ice on the top of the bed. " Wait a little while, yon old termagant, this is for the box on the ears I got," he said to himself. " It will perhaps cool you a little." And he slid down again and was out of the door in a moment, Herr Droi now came back again, un dressed, laid " la grande nation " on a chair by the side of the bed, blew out his candle, lay down, and stretched himself out in the nice soft bed and said : " Ah 1 que c'est bon ;" then listened to the storm outside and the rain pouring down and the jabbering of the Frenchmen. At last the chattering ceased ; and Herr Droi Was half asleep and half awake — ;\vhen tap- tap— tap. " Haha," thought Herr Droi, in French, " that's the ghost in the next room ;" and he listened to hear what his countrymen would have to say to it. They lay quite still ; but tap — tap — tap — it goes again and now it seems to Herr Droi to be in his room, Yes, it is in his room ; and if it's in the room, it must have come in at the door, How else could it get in ? So he caught up one of his shoes and flung it at the door. Bang I went the shoe against the door ; the noise resounded through the corridor as if a thunderbolt had fallen. The Frenchmen in the next room began to move and to speak to one another. All however was soon quiet again, but tap— tap— tap — it went once more, close to Hen Droi's bed. He raised himself up and bent over the side of the bed to be able to hear better, — splash ! — fell a drop on his bald head — and splash ! another on his nose, and on stretching out his hands he found the bed clothes were beginning to get wet through. " Diantre !" he exclaimed, in French, " there's a hole in the roof, and the rain's coming in through the ceiling. What's to be done?" Of course he at once thought of moving his bed as any other sensible person in his place would have done. He therefore got up and began to drag at the head of the old bed, but forgot all about the French Chasseur's helmet and sword which were standing in the corner and which now fell rattling and jangling along the wall down to the ground. Herr Droi was not a little startled and stood still and listened and — yes — the two Frenchmen had been awakened by the noise and were raging and swearing; " But," thonght he, " even this much must have done some good," and he crept into bed again. But the lump of ice was now nearly melted and the water of course came streaming through on to the bed ; he lay still a while, but it kept coming faster and faster, and the water came through the bedclothes, and he got quite oold and he thought, in French, " they will be fast asleep now, if I can only bring the foot of the bed as far away from the wall, I shall get rid of this rain," and got up and began to move the foot of the bed ; — crash ! fell his musket along the wall on to the floor ; and if there was no noise before, there was certainly noise now, The poor watchmaker stood there biting his lip, biting his nails, and holding his breath as if liis very breathing might wake the Frenchfnen, who were already swear ing half aloud and crying " silence " and tapping against the wall. " Que faire ?" he said to himself, in French. "The first want piust be sup plied, as the old woman said when she burned her kneading-trough to heat the Vfiter for the bread crept into bed again and said, " Heaven be praised at last I'm out of the drip." But he had got out of the drip to come into the torrent, for — dash ! — it came down from above, — splash ! it poured into the bed. He felt cold and wet, like a frog in spring. It was all of no use. He must get up once more and turn the bed round again ; but softly so as not to throw any thing over. He pulled it into one corner, it had been dry before, and in this way he went pulling the bed about the livelong night always gently, very gently, but wherever he went there was water. At last he stood still in the middle of the room, and thought and thought, and finally slapped his forehead, in French, saying : " Fool that I am !" for a light hacl flashed across him, that's to say across his mind, for in the room it was quite dark. But a light in the room he must have. So he stole out into the corridor — yes — the nightlamp was still burning ; he lighted his candle, and went back, looked up at the top of the bed and saw something lying there, muttered : "Ah, Canaille!" and mounted on to the bed, but could not reach. He stretched himself out as far as he could and tried to get the lump of ice, but it was so slippery he could not hold it. Parbleu ! half an inch move. He leant his whole weight against the top of the bed when — craok it went, and bed and ice and Droi all fell in a heap against the wall, and there lay Herr Droi among the innocent white curtains, helplessly kicking his feet about, as if they oould express the state of their owner's mind. All at once the door opens, and in domes the Frenoh Colonel. In order net to catch cold he had thrown a red blanket over his shoulders and in his hand he held a double-barrelled pistol. Behind him stood the adjutant with a drawn sword. Herr Droi scrambles out from under the bed- curtains, puts on his bearskin, then draws himself up to his full height and makes a salute saying : " Bon soir, men colonel." The Colonel looked at Droz, and the adjutant loooked at the Colonel. They saw that they had a Frenchman to deal with. They saw the black leggings and the whole " grande nation " lying beside the bed. They saw the sword and gun, and — -worse and worse — they saw the Chas seur's sabre and helmet, What's this ? What's the meaning of this ? Herr Droi stammers out something. Herr Droi be gins to tell them about Jena and Marengo. Herr Droi begins to tell lies. Herr Droi lies capitally, pity they don't believe him. In the room and in the corridor there is a fearful noise ; the Colonel calls Herr Droi a deserter and marauder, the adjutant calls for the orderlies in baste and in scant ap parel,— as if some one had fallen into the water and they wanted to jump iu after him without wetting their trousers,— rush in from one side of the corridor, while from the other side advances Mamsell Westphalen with the cook and the house maid. In her hand she has a large stable lantern, but otherwise she is not well off" as to clothes. She holds one hand up to her eyes as if the light of her lantern blinded her, and the housemaid looks over her (Mamsell Westphalen's) shoulder and says to the cook " Good heavens, Corlin, do look." "For shame," says Mamsell Westphalen, " what is she to look at ? what have you got to look at ? and what is there here to look at? We have come here on account of this heathenish noise at a time when every one ought to be asleep, and because we heard Herr Droi's voice crying out in terror and trouble. And now turn about." The two women and Mamsell Westphalen turn their backs on the Frenchmen and Mamsell says : " Herr French Colonel, what is this? what do you call this ? and what is the meaning of this ? Why don't you let Herr Droi sleep in peace in my room? This is a christian house and a quiet house, and we are not accustomed to such ways." And she added to herself half aloud " one of them will be sure to understand me." The French Colonel looked at himself, as he stood there in his red blanket, and Herr Droi with the bearskin on his head, and his thin-legged adjutant skipping about in his zeal, and Mamsell Westphalen's broad back ; and the whole scene looked so comical, he burst out laughing aud said in good German that she was only to go on, he could understand her well enough, for he was a German, a Westphaliau (West phalen). " That's my name," said Mamsell West phalen. The Colonel laughed and said he was only a Westphalian by birth, his name was " von Toll," MamseU Westphalen dropped a low curtsey, backwards, "Begging your pardon, are you perhaps a relative of Toll our postmaster and ipnkeepep dpwn in town?" The Colonel said that he had not the honour, but that he was almost freezing; that the orderlies were to remain with Heir Droi, for he must be a French deserter, and they were also to search for the French Chasseur to whom the helmet and sabre belonged. Herr Droi now began again to lie, and Mamsell Westphalen felt quite ashamed of him and turned round in anger and said : For shame, Herr Droi, to be stuffing the easy chair that ought to make you com fortable in your old age with wickedness, you're making a hard pillow for your con science." Then making a little curtsey, she said to the colonel, "My compliments, Herr Colonel von Toll," and marched off with the two maids. The others also went ; and soon all was still again, and the Herr Amtshauptmann had no suspicion of what was passing in his house for he slept the sleep of the just. CHAPTER IV. How the Miller felt next morning; why Friedrich ap peared to the Millar's wife like the serpent in the Garden of Paradise ; and why Fieka thought Joe Voss's son was sent to them hy Paradise. The next morning Miller Yoss felt as if he had half-a-dozen sparrows in his head, which were pecking away at flies. It was not, he said to himself, because of last night's deep drinking. No, it was chiefly because of the Frenchman. " Mother," said he as he pulled on his hoots, — and he nodded his head and looked knowingly into their wide tops, " red wine is a fine thing in the evening, but. in the morning, it seems to me it's no better than brandy or beer. However, if you jump over a clog yon jump over his tail too. But where is the Frenchman ? He lay in the straw, and Frieclrich must know what has beoome of him." " Father," said his wife, " never mind that now. Fried rich must come soon you know, for it's time for the first breakfast," The Miller went into the room, sat down at the table where the large bowl of barley- broth was standing and helped himself; then the mother helped herself and then Fieka and, lastly, the two maid-servants ; for such was the custom in those days ; and no miller had yet heard of aoffee. The Miller ate, then laid down his spoon : " Where can Fried rich be ?" He began eating again, then went to the win dow and shouted across'' the yard ; " Fried- rich." Still no Frieclrich. The bowl of broth was empty ; the ser vants took away the . things, and the Miller said : " When I have hired a ser vant I'm not going to have him play the fine gentleman !" — and was just setting out to look after him, when Friedrich came in, carrying something under his arm. " Where have you been, you vagabond ?'' asked the Miller? " Miller," said Friedrich, and drew his clasp-knife out of his pocket and stuck it under the doorlateh, "don't speak like- that ; it's not fib for you, nor yet for ma When wild geese are in the air it's ill sowing peas, and when gossiping women- are in the room it's best not to say what you don't wish everybody to know. So I waited till the maids had left the room. Here !" and 'he threw something on to the table so that it rang again. " Here, Miller Yoss. I've not brought you the fox him self, nor yet his skin, but here's his leather bag." " What doei3 this mean ?" exclaimed the Miller, and hastily seized the valise and began unbuckling the straps. "What does it mean?" said Friedrich "You must find that out for yourself; it's no business of mine. I have taken my share already." The Miller shook the valise over the table, and a packet of silver spoons fell out and a quantity of silver coin, and beautiful, round, yellow gold — and a little box came to light, and when the Miller's wife opened it, there lay rings and broaches with gold chains ooiletl in amongst them Ijlco serpents among brilliant flowers. " Heaven preserve us !" she cried, and let the box fall. Fieka had stood there looking on, her hands pressed to ber bosom and her eyes getting larger and larger. She now threw herself, pale as death,' across the table, laid her arms over the gold and silver treasure and cried : (To be Continued.) 