THE HEIR OF ROSSMOYNE. By Mrs. E. Burke Collins. " And this is your final decision, Miss Granger ?" Estelle Granger's fair face flushed im patiently, and she bent her golden head to hide her annoyance as she made answer : " It is final, irrevocable — quite so, Cap tain Clavering. With your — ah, lack of :wealth — you have seemed to me somewhat presuming. Fancy me in the role of a poor man's wife 1 And you are only a captain in the regular army and without fortune." He lifted his handsome dark head with a haughty gesture. " Your argument is decisive, Miss Granger," he returned coldly. " You may spare me a repetition of your various rea sons for rejecting me. But have I ever told you that I am without fortune 1" Her great blue eyes dilated with a look of almost fear. Great heaven 1 what if she had made some mistake, an egregious blunder 1 And Leonard Clavering was handsome, refined, noble, and manly ; there was nothing to object to save that she had always thought .hiin to be poor. She flashed about, contritely now, and ..extended her band. , " Really, Captain Clavering," she stam mered, "I only formed my conclusions from general opinion. You cannot blame me surely." He smiled coldly, scornfully. " Blame you 1 No ! he retorted freez- ingly. "You are only acting according to the principles in which you have been reared. I owe a thousand thanks for your rejection, since it has opened my eyes to your true nature. The woman whom I wed shall love me for myself alone or I will go to my grave un wedded. I leave here on the first train, Miss Granger. My visit to this seaside resort has been a very pleasant one. I have to thank you for much of its pleasure, and," with a low bow, " the lesson I have learned." He touched the white hand with his own for an instant in the briefest and coolest of farewells ; the door of the pretty reception-room opened and closed, and Cap tain Leonard Clavering, U.S. A., was a memory of the past to Estelle Granger. But the spoiled beauty stood gazing after the tall, soldierly figure with eyes full of regret and— tears ! " I love him !" she whispered softly to herself, " and if I had known that he was not poor I would have accepted him ! But mamma warned me that he was quite in eligible ! And she has set her heart upon my captivating the rich Mr Ross, of Ross- moyne, the finest estate in Louisiana ! I have never met him, but he will soon be here, and rumor says that he is coming to seek a bride I This Mississippi watering- place is famous as a summer resort for the most beautiful women of the South ; and I flatter myself that I can hold my own with the best of them. .Let Captain Clavering go 1" she went on with a wilful pout, "I shall be satisfied with no less a prize than the owner of Rossmovne I" She trailed her white diaperies — a mass of fleecy lawn and delicate laces—from the room, and sought the congenial socitey of her mother, a mercenary woman whose sole aim in existence was to secure a brilliant match for Esselle. Angry, humiliated, with scorn in his heart for all womankind, Leonard Claver ing strode from the hotel where this inter view had taken place, and went down to the beach. He wanted to be alone for a time to think over the situation ; then he would pack his wardrobe, and the pebbly shores of Pass Christian would know him no more. Drawing his hat down over his eyes, he turned to the most unfrequented part of the beach and hurried onward. All at once, in a lonely nook, he came to a halt as his eyes came upon an unex pected scene. A slip of a girl — a fragile little creature of not more than fifteen — with great dark eyes in strange contrast to the tawny mane of red gold hair which streamed over her shonlder3. A girl with a face full of possibilities, but in her eyes a wild despair, as believing herself to be alone in this forgotten corner, she crouched at the foot of a great oak tree, her hat on the sand at her feet, sob bing bitterly. " Nobody cares for me I" the sweet young voice was saying. " Mamma loves no one but Estelle 1 And I am always forgotten and alone and miserable 1 Only this morning I ventured to kiss mamma, and she reproved me, and pushed me away fr'oiq her, for fear I would rumple her morning-dress ; and she oalled me an ugly child, and said I was a disgrace to the family ! Oh, if it wouldn't be wicked, I would wish to die 1" Captain Leonard Clavering, standing not, five feet distant, ovei heard the entire soliloquy and the moody look deepened in his handsome eyes. A sudden impulse prompted him. He stepped forward and laid his hand upon the girl's bowed head. She flashed about and sprang to her feet —slender— erect as a dart. The color came and went upon the sun burned oheeks ; the glorious dark eyes were blazing. "How dare you V ' she panted indig nantly. He lifted his hat with a curtly obeis ance. " I beg your pardon, Miss Valerie," he returned humbly. "Only I overheard your words, and sympathizing with yon, thought I would venture some consolation ! "You and I are fellow sufferers through the scorn and ooldness of jour sister." The great dark eyes sparkled. " So she has refused you ¥' the girl cried lightly. " Well I could have warned yon of the result before you asked her ! Estelle has set her heart upon captivating the heir of Rossmoyne." Leonard Clavering started as though someone had struck him a blow. His face grew pale for a moment. " My child are you in earnest !" lie faltered. She laughed. I ought not to tell tales out of school, Captain Clavering," she returned, " and the truth ought not to be told at all times ; but T will reiterate the truth; Enelle is determined to become Mrs Ross ! For my part, I would not be sure until I. had seen him. Why they have never met." He threw himself carelessly down upon the sand beside her. There was an otlcl expression upon his dark face. " Valerie," he was begining ; but she checked him with a peremptory little ges ture. " Captain Clavering, only my most inti mate friends call me Valerie, without pre fix." How dignified she was. The captain smiled slyly. She was quite a woman of the world after all. " Miss Valerie" — he corrected himself humbly — " I am going away, and " he stopped shoit. The laugh had faded from her face, and she was sti angely grave. " Going away ? Oh, Captain Clavering !"' There was a strange thrill in the young man's heart. Somebody regretted him. Ah, that was something. " Miss Valerie," he said softly, " I am going away because it is best for me. I am going to Europe. I have business there which has been already too long neglected. I intend to remain two years. Let me see, you will be seventeen then." She shook her head. " I shall be nearly eighteen," she inter posed ; for my sixteenth birthday will soon be here." " Ah, yes ! Quite patriarchal," he re joined. " Well, my dear Miss Valerie, may I hope that if fate throws us together in two years from now, that you will still bear me in your remembrance V' She was biting her red lip hard to force down the flood of emotion which threaten ed to burst all barriers. But child as she was, Valerie Granger's will was adamant. She turned bravely and faced Leonard Clavering. He took the slim, brown hand in his own, and gazed into the beautiful eyes. A white lily was pinned in the lace at her throat ; she removed it and laid it in his hand with a little attempt at a laugh, which died a natural death. "See!" she cried lightly. "Your memory of me will survive as long as that flower lives — no longer. Keep it as a token, Captain Clavering. He pressed it to his lips, then hid it away in liis breast just as the sound of footsteps and shrill laughter reached them, and a gay group came sauntering by. Captain Clavering rose, and with a low obeisance moved away. A few days later the Granger's returned to their city home. Two years went by, bringing many and varied changes. Estelle Granger was still unwedded, for the heir of Rossmoyne had never made his appearance, and she had gradually dropped all mention of his name. Lovers came and went with the years, but although many knelt at the fair Miss Granger's shrine, she had turned from them all. " I can never forget him !" her heart cried passionately, " the only man whom I have ever loved 1 Leonard ! oh Leonard ! if you would only come back !" Valerie, a grown young lady no had made her debut in society, and was receiv ed with enthusiasm. For, although her beauty was not so great as her sister's, there was a naviete and a grace about her which were irresistible. So Hal Lynde- hurst thought, and straightway became her shadow. So evident was his infatuation that the affair was considered settled, much to Mrs Granger's satisfaction, for Lyndehurst was very wealthy. One day Captain Leonard Clavering — just home from Europe — walked down the street from his hotel in company with an acquaintance. " What's the news 1" asked Leonard, lighting a cigar as he sauntered on. " Oh nothing much," returned the other, " unless — ah, yes, you were acquainted with Miss Valerie Granger, were you not, Clavering ?" " A little !" " Humph ! Well, she is soon to be married— to Hal Lyndehurst. Lucky fellow — or he would be, only I understand it is an entirely mercenary raairiage on her part." Clavering turned upon him almost fieicely. " I don't believe it !" he cried. " No body could make me believe that Valerie Granger would marry a man whom she did not love 1" He turned as he spoke, and there, com ing down the street, was Valerie Granger, fair and sweet, in the daintiest of costumes, in company with her mother. A moment more and they had met. They stopped shoit and greetings were ex changed, and when they parted again Clavering had promised to call that even ing. He meant to find out the truth. If she was false, then all women were faithless ! That evening he found her alone for a few minutes, her mother having been called away. In a few words Leonard Clavering told her of his love- " See Valerie 1" he said, " my love has survived your lily, for here is all that is left of it 1" And he showed her — hidden away be tween the leaves of his note book — the shrivelled ghost of a faded flower. She lifted her eyes to his, and he read his answer there. And he knew then that the story of her marriage was all a mistake, and that she was his own for ever. An hour later, at Mrs Stanley's ball, Leonard Clavering met his old love for the first time since his return home. One swift glance from the beautiful bliie eyes, and she held out a white gloved hand. " Surely Captain Clavering has not for gotten his old friend, Estelle Granger!" she queried. He took the pi'offered hand in his own. There was not a thrill at his heart; his love for her was dead and buried. But they sauntered away together out upon a moonlit balcony, and once alone, he began : " Miss Granger, T claim your congratu lations, I am going to be married." She fell back pallid and panting, her eyes full of anguish. " Leonard ! oh, Leonard !' she wailed, " and I love you so." His lips curled scornfully. " You are too late !" lie made answer, " Your love could not awaken the faintest response in my heart, Estelle Granger ! But the best — the noblest love of my life is given to your sister, who has promised to become my wife at no distant day. So Miss Granger, simple little Valerie will be Mrs Ross, and the mistivss of Rossmoyne." She gazed into his face with wild, incre dulous eyes. " What do you mean ?" she faltered. " I am Leonard Clavering Ross," he went on to explain. " There was a mis take made in the name when I wm first presented in society here, and I decided — being a stranger — to allow it to remain so for a time. I wanted to win some trno womanly heart that would care for me, and not for the owner of Rossmoyne ! Aud I have found herr - She is coming " And he turned to greet Valerie. She took his arm and they moved away together, while Estelle Granger's eyes fol lowed them in mad despair. She bowed her head; her heart aching with dull, heavy pain that was awful to bear. " My punishment is just !" she said. 