HRTnlTET. (BT 'TBATELMR'). The opening matches for the JKiley Cup and Asso ciation medals will start this afternoon on the Agricultural Ground, and the action of the com mittee in ordering these clubs to start bo early must be condemned. It is impossible for any of the teams to be in anything' like form, as the season only began last Saturday ; and, after the players being dormant for three months, they have not the same chance of carrying off any of the trophies in the first round, as, even the two next clubs, who will have had by the time their turn arrives at least three Saturdays' practice. Secondly, there was no need for the matches to start so early, as there are only twenty one clubB entered for competition, and one defeat puts a club out of the contests. There will be only nineteen matches played, aud as two matches are being played on the one day, it will easily be seen that tbe committee cannot think that it will not have them finished before the end of May next year; and lastly, as regards the wickets on which these unfortunate clubs have to play. Last Saturday the Agricultural Society held their show, and besides the thousands that walked over the wickets the horses were jumping all over the ground. I must say that, in fairness to these clube, the S. and P. C. Association should have postponed the matches till next Saturday, by which time the caretaker would have been able to provide at least a decent wicket. I aleo noticed at the meeting of this body on Thursday, it has decided to accept auadver tisement cup, after the entries for the other cup had closed, and which is open for competition among those clubs only who did not enter for tha first joap. The proceedings has called forth severe comments from those clubs who have been induced to enter for the Eiley Cup (and who have not the ghost of a show of winning), thin Wing that there would De no trophy for tbe weaker clubs. I am of the same opinion as others that tbe offer was made too late, and that the association should not have ac cepted it. I was glad to see that the delegates showed their sense by not electing a selection committee for the 12 months, tor in any match of importance against the Juniors, the com mittees seem somehow to always go for their own club men, so it is fax better to elect the committee whenever a match is arranged, so that if' a committee showed its partiality to certain clubs, the delegates would have their remedy. Whereas, no matter what blunders they commit, if they were elected for 12 months, it would be impossible to make them resign. Of the cup matches to be played to-day, the most interesting will be that of the Corio v. Newtown. The former men are very Btrong in the bowling department, and have two or three good batsmen ; but with the latter it is just the reverse, so, therefore, things being pretty equally balanced, the game should be worth witnessing. The other match, which is between the Orientals and Parramatta Alberts, ought to result in an easy win for the 'Ories,' for they have succeeded in causing their opponents to ' funk' already ; and, in fact, it was almost decided by the AlbertB that they would not turn up to play. However, it is just as well for the Orientals, as several of their players are away, and the team they send into the field to-day is not nearly so good as any of the previous cup teams. The matoh between the Marylebones and Juniors for tbe Bowdeu Cup will be resumed to-day, and will, no doubt,' end in a o&e-; inmngs win for the former club. Among the club matches set down for conclusion this afternoon there will be two or three goad matches. The Snrry TTnifori and 'Eastern Suburbs matnh will airbract a crnod number of people, on account of the manner in which the Surry United Club gave the Orientals ' pie ' last Saturday, and the Eastern Suburbs having in thsir ranks one of the best bowlers in the colony in young Ferris. The Oarthonaa play the local club in Byde, and if all the members that have been selectsd turn up, a good game may be expected. The winners of last year's Consolation Cup (the Wentworths) journey to Marrickrille, and should they win the toes, the 'poor brickies,' will no doubt have a repetition of what they had from the Newtowns last Saturday. Albert CO.— The annual meeting of this club is fixed for the 15th instant, *$ the Metropolitan HoteL. W. FoeDj who is considered one of our best ex perts at wicketkeeping, and who kept the sticks so brilliantly for the Carthona last year, has returned, after a full mouth's holiday trip, and will again cast bis lot in with the 'red and blacks.' While in Melbourne he was in fine form with the bat, making among other big scores three not-out innings of 113, 103, and 90. 