POLITICIANS AND THE PRESS. It is rather curious to observe the difficulty which our politicians in this colony find in comfortably adjusting themselves to their relations to the press. It is not so iu all places. We do not hear of Mr. Gi.aostoxu or Lord Salisbury furiously tilting at the press with a vigor and recklessness of onset comically re-calling Don Quix ote's famous attack on ihe windmills of La Maneha. But the difficulty is one frequently felt by some of the politicians of New South Wales. They periodically put themselves tinder tho necessity of making what seems to them a tremendous onslaught on tho newspapers, hut what, seems to onlookers much move like an attack on what Mac beth calls "the iiitrcnchant air," Jt does not. appear afterwards (hat. the news paper is muclitliejwor.se, and the relieved politician bears himself as though he felt somewhat the better, though his sym pathetic friends shrewdly suspect that much of his jauntiness is assumed to cover his secret consciousness of having done something rather ridiculous. How ever this may be, the occasional attack of some highly " intense" New South Wales politician on the newspapers, has come to be regarded as n frequently- recurring incident, marked by a certain periodicity, and tending like summer thunder to relieve the atmosphere without causing injury to anyone. Sometimes lie is a highly moral politi cian, nnd then he is apt to denounce the newspapors'for their base intrusions iuto tho sacrednoss of private life. Some times lie is a politician whose life is a shining example of strict consistency, and then it is the shocking inconsistency of the newspapers which chiefly stirs his indignation. But in their practical re sults both kinds of attack very much resemble each other nnd amount to exactly nothing in the one case as in tho other. It is the more to bo regretted that our politicians cannot succeed in accom modating themselves to the condition of a watchful and critical newspaper press, inasmuch as it is not apparent how they, by tho most fulminating denunciations, can expect to alter or remove it. They have tho same practical reason for living with the press on terms, if not of harmony, at least of peuco as applies to the relations of husband nud wife. They cannot get rid of each other how ever they may try. Indeed, though the law provides a wny of terminating in certniu conditions tho holy estate of matrimony, the bonds which unite poli ticians and the press are not soluble by any form of divorco yet devised. Tho laws of nature in this ensn are ns fixed as thoso of the Roman Catliolio Church, and are abso lutely prohibitory of divorce. For good or for ovil, till death do thom part, tho politician and tho paper are doomed to occupy this relation, the one as u subject of criticism and tho oilier as critic. Surely prudence should dictate that a relation which is unalterable, which is a part of the necessary and inevitable condition of tho case, should be acceptod in a reasonable way. Wo accept droughts, depressions, dreary dobatoa in Parliament, bad temper ami bad language from angry Ministers. Tho politician on his side has to uecupt and to boar the press. That is his appointed thorn in tho side, his particular tribula tion, his crown of sorrow and of martyrdom. He . may say — indeed, ho always does say — that ha would gladly accept criticism, but what he objects to is deliberately unfair criticism, malignant misrepresentation ami — but the reader has heard it all a thousand times. 13y way of answer let it he ngrecd once, for all, that the press is base, malignant-, animated by a superfluity of naughtiness and as corrupt ns politicians are notoriously puro, disinterested and patriotic. Well, still tho case is not altered. This ovil press, tho most modern incarnation of the spirit of evil, and therefore inimical to those shining ones, tho politicians, who represent angels of another color, cannot, be denounced, or scolded, or thundered out. ol existence. After the sublimely inorul or the transeendently consistent, politician has finished his "angry fulininations to the great expenditure of energy and breath, ho finds next morning to Ids consterna tion that his profligate enemy comes out as fresh as paint at Iho usual hour, smiling and ready for more, that it contemptuously prints his silly diatribe as part of the fully of tho day, and porlmps takes enro by bringing it into the fullest prominence to turn it to its only possible use as an advertisement, for the journal assailed. There is another reason, would the wrathful politician but, consider it, why it is simple folly for him to engage in | so unfavorably one- sided a contest, j Prince Bismarck was ridiculed when he entered on his struggle with the church, on the ground that, ho was lighting with a ghost. Rut. the Quixotic politician who engages in warfare with a news paper commits nn even grosser tolly. Even the church is a solid, substantial entity compared with a newspaper. The politician is a nian anil the paper is hut an abstraction. They cannot possibly tight on even terms. Ho tires liis shot and rumbles his thunder, and then as a result, lie actually is dependent oil the generosity of his enemy to give liis stage denunciations the circulation without which they are simply agitated air. There can bo few more humiliating spectacles than the nervousness and anxiety with which tho angry politician who denounced the newspaper the night before opens tho assailed journal in tho morning to sec if it, with generous contempt, gave his abuse the benefit of its circulation. Unless, perhaps, it is the chilly alarm with which lie next turns to its leading columns to see what it has to snv in reply, and if it. has exposed the singular insolence of his assertions of its invasions of tho sanctity of private affairs or shown up the impertinence of tho champion of consistency in daring to mention such a word. He then feels what a foolish one-sided oonilnit lie committed him self to. one in which lie is thankful if his adversary condescends to notice his attack, while all the while fear ing that it. may meet him on liis own level by retorting it. It is n silly battle altogether. When our politicians grow up from political child hood to adult manhood they may still do many foolish tilings ; but they will nt least refrain from fighting against the impalpable and unalterable, will avoid a conflict. in which t.lie best they can hope is to cscnpe with simply making themselves ridiculous, and whatever treatment they may fancy they receive will let the newspapers alone. 