'items of news. The Legislative Council -had a very brief sit- ; tmg yostcrdny, - as honourable members lmd privately resolved-not to proceed' with ' business. - An u(ljounimont (tb Tuesday week .was agreed to.. 1 In- tlioi Assbihbly, a1 lengthy- d isotissioil oil- 1 Bued on' tlio : subje'eb of griBting in bond. / ;It arose upon Mr Graham calling the; attention of tho Commissionor of- Customs to: tho system now ; in force. Several lion, membors spoko on the nintlor, and Mr Walker statcd-that a regulation was passed in 1880, which had been acted upon.. The motion for adjournment was subsequently negatived.. . ... -,. , ; . .. ':/ '/ " To-day'if is reported' by cablegram" that' tlio King of Bavaria has , committed Buicido by jiini'piiig iii a Lake,' aiid his medicul attendant , alao lost his life in attempting to rescue him. Sueli is tlio sad ending of .a. King .wliose eccen-s tricities liavo long beeu a' matter of comment. - .The late King Louis' brother,' Prince . .Otho, tho heir to the throne, is unfortunately., afflicted with tlio family dorangem.eut, of intellect, .and. being .unfit', to rule ,1ns. uncle, lias been,, ap-;, pointed Regent. , ' . ,. ' An application was madeiat the Police Court- yesturdiiy.for tlio .remand, to the Kew Asylum, of. William Gibsou, who lias been under treat ment- for lunacy at the Hospital. This was granted. 1 - ' At a meeting of the 'Campbells Croek'District Raciiig Club on.' Monday,' the' tender of Mr Joseph Ilauser of L60 was accepted for various' improvements on tlio course. The work is to be completed by August 14th. Those who iutpnd tendering, for the- privilpge, of having the publican's boothat tho plqughiiig match of the Mount Aloxaiidor Agricultural Society at Neivstoad, on the 23rd inst., are re minded that thbyjmust do so before noon to.-day, that being the latest for their reception. The charges of manslaughter preferred against Captain .Webber and Fotheringham,- the -third officer of the ill-fated- Lyeeinoon, ' were investi- - gated at tho Water Police . Court, Sydney, yes- torday. The charge against Fotheringham wris abandoned by the Crown. . : / ; Accounts for the following are lying for pay- nYeritat' tho Receipt and Pay Office M. Amos,' T. L. Brqivu, A. Baker, S. ,H. .Clark, A. Clark,, J. Davey, J. Faull, G.' Godfrce," W. Halford' and Son, H. J. IIoivoll, J. Kidman, \V. ,R. M'Gi-egor" D. -McLeah', AV. H.' Nd'wlandsj L. ' Palmer, R. Reid, W. Thompson, P. Thompson, Town Reef Co. " ' - ' A tea- meeting in .cqnneetjon with the.-AVes- leyan Jubilee ' willjbe held this evening in the Schoolroom of the Barkerfstfeet .Church. , .Tins will be followed by a public,; meeting, in the church, which will be addreesed . by several selected speakers, connected - with the body, amongst whom will be the Revs. J. .Watsford, . W. L. Biiiks, and A. JR. Edgar," , . Mi- . Thomas Hamilton, of Newstead, ,! lias, i within the paBtifew: days; sustained a great loss through tiie death of . several : valuable cattle: A large area of his land had, been ploughed up, and it was. covered with the . variegated- thistle. Tli e herd was turned into, tho land, - and -having- ate. heartily of; the'"1 succulent , roots showed symptoms of -being /poisbhed. ?."> Shortly after-' wards Air Hamilton found the cattle dead; " iy- The committee who have undertaken to make arraugoinents for the presentation of a testi monial to Air Robert Oliver are to meet to morrow evening1 at the Cumberland Hotel to decide uiion what. . form the presentation - will take. All- Pearce, J.P., who lias been, the chief -moi'dr in collecting cbntributuins.' lias now. received over L40,. which, if laid out iu plate,'- will purchase sbmethihg hahdsomo. - . r A football match was played; yesterday; between the North Castlemaiue Juniors and:the .Grammar School, which resulted lin'a-wiul by the . former, who kicked 2 -goals and 1 1 behind' to 1: goal aud 9 bohinds of their opponents;. Those who played best for North Castlemaine were P. Reade, Bibby, Campbell, and Af 'Gibbon. The best players for the other sido were T. ! Reade, Afason,- AI'Grath, aud Tolstrup." j The rain? lias again impeded the progress of the match of the Australian Cricketers in Eng land. They commenced a game he Alaucliester ou Monday, against an eleveii of the County of Lancashire, and lmd scored GO runs without the lu&3 of a wicket ivlien the rain descended, and put a stop to. the play. . Jones, who has been to the fore in batting in . the various niatclieB played by the Australians, scored 34 runs:- ' A concert is to bo given at the Assembly Hall j Guildford, tiiis evening for the benefit bf a Airs Bardi and her family, who are iii very distressed circumstances. Several .vocalists and instrumaUT talists from Castlemaine, including Dri AYoolley; Afessrs Hobson, Radcliffe, the Alisses Bohrmaun and James, .will take, part iu.tbo cnturtainuienb, which promises to, pass ojf successfully, a nuin- b.er of tickets having been disposed of. yAfastcr Tootell will udd to tiie enjoyableuess of the con- cort by . giving, l-ecitatious. '. / The lofty stalk' at tlio Distillery' Is -.to bo, ap/ plied to a use not intended for! it fey the' firm for whom it was erected. This is to be no other than a standing hdvortiseirie'ut' for an American linn, who, seeing the prominence of such an ob/ ject, hayo arranged; with tlio pro'p'riqtofs'' for liberty to have the stalk painted black hulf way 'up, 'with white letters painted upon:. it,: '/ AVar-' nei-'s Safe Cure." Tales have been .circulated about Wiii-reii's Paste Blacking beiug .labelled mi tiie : pyramids' o'f Egypt, and. now /travellers by road aud rail , wifl read from a distanco of tho curative properties of a medicine. ./ > , It is very seldom that ivoodcarters can bestow, :)iiaise upon wheelwrights for work entrusted to tlieuij but J. Fogarty,' of Chinainans Creek, can uuw very judiciously do so. He was bring-, itig a load into Castlemaine, when tho tiro of the wheel fell off about 7 miles from lierb:'' He did hot notice tho occurreii'tie, : arid "jou'rheyed on with his dray, and had got home again before Iw missed the ' tire, which ' liad b'den- found/by Afrj Lovevsha. Thus Fogarty' had; travelled nearly 20 iniles ivitlibut' atiy'tire bii'thb''wlieel, ; Whiehj wa3 made by-Afr Abbott, When' in -business iii Barker-street / 11 : ' '''/ The meeting that was to liave been bold isst, nightiit Afurphy's Hotel for tiie purpose of arrahg" iug mutters iu connection with the establish" ment of a gymnasium in the town had to be; postponed to .an indefinite period, /.Mr Beok-j tiqid, who is jtq bo'tho in'st'rurtbr, i atfenddpaiiid stated' that lib had not as yet been .successful in procuring a suitable -.building to.' carry. ;on the/ gymnastics. Thei-e'isiibuld not be; much trouble- in securing a building for tho purposo,- and when' oho . has boeu fixed upon; 'the- gyriinnstics pro- i btibly -can 'be commohc'edj as -several" ha vd;Bigni-i ffed theii- intontion of joining."1 ' Tho annuril winter meeting /.of the Bendigo Jockey Club takes, pluco.jtoday, on the Epsom Raceeourso. , A nuinber of 1 the horses engaged for the different events passed, -through Castle maine yesterday," and Avitb ..fine weather — thoro being every probability of such beiitg the case— tho Races will doubtlcsB.be largely attended, and result Bubcessfiilly. . Thoro nro 14 acceptances .for tho Selling Race, . 13 .for the flandicnp Hurdlos, -5' fbrithe' 'Steeplecliase, 10 for'.tlio Telegraph Stakes, .' 12 for ! tlio Selling Hurdles, and 24 for tho Hqudicap Trot/, It will, thus be seen that, . the- fields for each event are very ! satisfactory; and sorae good racing may be ex-' pectod. . - : A youth, 10'' years ' of age, liamed Albert .Wright, was charged with' a breach of duty as an apprentice at tiie Sandhurst Iolico Cuui;t on , Monday. ,''; Tlio 'defendant! . pleaded : guilty. ! J: i AI. Harcourt deposed that tho boy was an in- - donturcd apprentice to him as a printer. Last- Wednesday morning he came, to work at the usual time. ; I-Ie lyent away at dinner time, aud did not return again, but wont to. tho football- match. Ho did not ask permission to go. - Ho had stoppod away on a previous occasion, Do- fendant put witness, to seriqu/inqphvehicnoe by hisahsence/ ' 'Hb'was.poflie'feiihr ' at tlio machine, and owing to his absenco a, how " feeder" had to be put on. - Through this 200 or 300 papers' were / spoiled, / and the paper did iHib'.coniojout until 7 !q'clock.,ih, the ovoning. , The' idefendant'iaid!lio tluiifght aiiofhoi-'employe would have boeii put on iii his place, and that lie would 6iily' be fined for the half-day's wages., Mr Harcourt rejoined, that, the boy, whom the defendant expected would take his place, also wont to the football, match. The Bench sen tenced tho boy to 48 hours' solitary '.confine-. mont, , ' ; , The Huriingham .Handicaps . were continued yesterday at Brighton' Park, and were favoured, with fine weather. ; The,,, attendance, /.which scarcely, equallod 'that '.of tho previous - day,- amounted to about 1200. ', A notable feature jof , the day's running jwiis F. J. Lannotiy.ofi mond- Creek, completing, the, lialf-mile, o\er uneven, ground; and with seventeen: hurdlos, jn tlio seldom-equalled timo of 2min.'3Jseo;,- The: meeting .will bo coutinu'edoon Thursday, when, tho .final heats/for ' tlie'-iShfiffidld Handicap,' - Hurdle Race, . Flat. /Race i (l .iiiilo). - -Flat' I Race, (440, ynrdB) wiIl be trun.:- 1 Several more heats of the Sheffield Handicap were .run- off yesterday.- In the. final heat. of tlio Steeplechase, of 17 sovs.v distance half-a-mile, F.-Lannoiij - with ii start of- 45 yardB, breasted the ribbon first ; AY. -Wilson, of- ATctcalfe,: 28 : yards start, was second ; and C.' Tombull, of- Horsham, was third. - Lannon won by about 8. yards -in! front of AVilson, tho time occupied for tho spiu boing 2niiu.! 23soc. A'; number., of heats in . connection1 with tho Handicap Hurdle Race of 35 sovB.',.:distance 150- yards, audiHaudicapiFIat Race, -of L10, distance- ,440.yords,; wore -also: run ;off. - Wilson was- first in oiio of the heats for the latter race, and second in a, heat for the formor; -m >'r j; ' \- - ! -The Sandhurst 'Bench on' Af oiiday in eted out such punishment to'/fdurt yoiiths,' guilty of iii-' suiting behaviour,' as 'should'; have the; salutary effect ; .in- 'Checking1'' towdj'isin' 1 ill ,tho' streets. , Tho liameB of bho'offendors/'wo're Henry" Miljer, Humphray -AliddUiig,' ; TiiiibUiy , O'Brieiy aiid ''Martin r Geoigo. /Frequent''' comphuhYs'/liave, been' inade to tlio police concerning!' tlio niiscon- - "duct -of, a number' of young ni'en'''irtio''nfghIly cbngregato'dutsidb of ' an ' empty1 store'iii High-; stroot. .- On Friday;evoninG Constables Af |Kiu- ubn arid Bburko 'secfet'ed - themselves iii the store, and; Rearing the defendants and twp. otlierd dsing ibttd -language' and wrestling; riished out -aud secured Aliddling and Miller. Tlio o'fhei-8 hia'de'bff.'but were aftorivairdB suhJmoned. The Bench (says the', Indepcndeiit')'cbinpljmeti ted the1 police on' 'tiie course1 adbptodrtq broiik up the mob, and hoped they would 'continue 'the1 courae in'other-- 'similar cases.'1' All the dqfend- ailts woi-e fined' L5 ! and 1 10s - bostb/each,' or six weeks' iiiiprisonmoht. The fines were paid/ The two other offenders, Sydney Sharp aiid J allies 1 Cli isholm, failed tb appear in ausiver to tiie suiunioiis.'aiid'H-arrahts weirb' ordered -to 'be issued for their arrest for disobediencb; ' -i ,j u'iividualciaci':' in.ghpstiy.vaiment caused 'a little 'sensation 'at'Black Hill on several' night's last week, and his senseless, pranks , Ijaye : led . tio at ieiist' oiie'ypuri'g lady being laid.' .up , with , ill-, ucss brought oii by fright:. Y This young hidyiwas (writes the,' Ballarat Courier') visiting a friend "cm TliurBcj-iy, evening, and a as , she said.- she was afraid' she 'would meet the ghost, ii young ,mah was deputed to accompany her to her residence.1 It wits about' the hour of the , visitation on- the. previbiis evenihg, ijnd thejescbrt said ho guessed it would be as well for him to arm himself, .with- something that would enable liini to givo .tiib, " ghost" tlie-'thrashiiig it deserved. . He there-, fbre'carriedrapBtout/stick npuei liapd, and-, a, poker in tiie otlieiV. land1, proceeded to takc'tho young ludyrto her lioine. They,, had not gone1 very fft'r'wheii';' sure enough/a'personage dressed i in wjiitp was observed'a short- distance off.. The brave you'n'g'man then" concluded' it safer' to1 re;- tire, and, dropping bis 'weapons,' be ran away. The young lady. fainted; and had tp ; carried to her residencq.'. ' She is reported , tp . be BomP- whdt Bpriously ill. ; ! Se.yeral igentlemen; b.a.v'q re solved to administer .a . sound; borsoivliipping.tp tiie iiidiridirilj'Yirii.deyerJie.,: is,|Avhp, has;,:been' carrying oil! this seiiselesB. practical joke- should they: be successful in tracing bis ideutity. i. ; j An in'quest'was : held" at Creswick, on'1 Afonr day, touching the death of John' AI'Neil, agecj 45, who, was found dead oil the previous day, The deceased' "was a miser.' ! <\- He: lived in a miserable old liut: / He had no bed, but liiy oil straw . oii the 'flnbr, witli an old bagto cover liirii! " He was novor /known ,tp eat' ' bleat, but lived im floiir and hiittor, which/lie baked iii' a dirty old pan.' The doconsell owned 20 head/of cattle and 40 acres of. land, and he,, had /mphoy in tho bank. . . Ho wub worth, .over L300/ / Hb had a sister iu lreliiiid aud auother in America; and. these nvero the only- relations beiwas- kuowii tb hnve. " He-was last -seen ;on Thuraday.1" He appears to h'avb crawled to a-wnterliole about-26 yavds from his hub for-drinkpiand1- inanaged tp get only 'piirt 'of "'the -way babki'"-'Ho,'died from debility, exp'ostirbpand exhaustion ;'iind a vordict was returned accordingly.' ':1f ' ,/" j; . , Tho Alelbourud City, .Council . have ' unani mously resolved toJ co-operate. in aii invitatibn tp -His -Royal Highness the -Prince of AVales to visit Australia next year.'---— ; -p / - ,'/-/ ,,y ir ; ; I1 A 'disgra'cbful'disturbaneo tbolrplace' bh'Suu; 'day-afterribouAt- WentivbrthPark/Syduby;. / Aii ,6ihtt'ed8&Mb-fighrdcebi;:bbtw6bii'tw6>gat|( of ' larrikiiis j' / 1 abpu t ' 100 1 on1 ' eacli sido:! They took otitirt'lpPssessipn' of ; the1 pa'rk, ''./One/ Jlacly !wiis badly. liiitt, and/several goiitlenibn had ndrj, ,row escapes.!/:;. ! |',7'!' " '1 A telegram from /Hamilton last ,iiiglit says j -' 1 Air Boyle, :who ;had been, Bent to Apsley to re/ lieve Mr Kay, iasimonager of tho Colonial Ranlc there, -passed through here last evening . on his way /to the' Ararat Luriatic.-ABylumi '"wh|ti0r' ho/ was ordered tb be sentbytho Edonlibpb Boncli,' upbir'the 'certificate of two medical1 men." ' "!!! i ; The dii'cctdrB"'of tlio 'Austfaliaii Alutual Pro-i yidon t- (Soc jety Jui rej decided-' tp abandon j (hb proposal1 tb operi a branch' of Uie Bociety in"Lpii-': don.1/ The1 resolutions rpp the subject formerly passed by the directors w'erb rescinded at/ /a1 meeting held at Sydney lst Friday, 'and instruc- tions1 wore given for the' recall to Sydnby /of tljp bctuaryi'"hbw:iu London:;.'", /' ; Y J ' j! A' serious accident" lwppenrtV to' a's'on of Mr C. H; Yeo, about ycara qf age, pti Saturday the 'driver, sat' 'he ; pgo of an1 bnrtlnscbop,: The lioi-ao, starie. a'ld.yiefscpbp.turiiedjpvbr oh top of the buy. /Tlie sbarp edge of tlib1 scbb'p,! falling back ou his ubbk,/but the muscleB tb'tho' skull:; ; Dr. Gregory! stitchpd1 ; tho. wouhd and, thinks the boy may recpyer,!,: ) ; ; j ' A deBperato attempt has been; rrihdb "to rob; F. .- B; Oldhati), a staff officer of the Kapunda' corps of the- Salvation Army.;' Ho liad 'been holdiug services at, Truro, and was l-oUiriiing to Kapunda lvheh lie Ivu's accosted by two men.! Ono caught hold of liis lvorse, whilst' tho other- tried to hit Oldham with, a stick. Oldman, how-i over, succeeded, in getting away to Kapunda. J William" Sayle,' who / was severely injured on: the 3rd; inat. , by a bucket falling uppn hin'i whilst lie wob working iii n niinb' at Ararat,' died 'on Monday afternoon. The caso was a very singular one. A bucket fell right on top1 of Sayle's head, fi-.icturingjtiio skull, and driving pieces of the bono into the brain ; but ho was able to assist himself from tho shaft and walk home, and for a Week never lost' consciousness. Dr Wold, immediately after the accident, per formed the bp.eratip.il :of tropliining, and ro- nio'ved threo pieces of bono. The wound in tho skull waa about 3 in long. . A curious custom was observed rccoutly on tho occasion of tho funoral of tlio lato All- Robort Staples, D. L., of Dunmbro, Qucon'a County, Irolaud. It appears tliat for generation's it has boon customary to bury the 'members of this family at midnight by torchlight. Accordingly, tiie funeral procession loft Durroiv-houso at 10 o'clock. Tho numerous torohos" borne by the tenants hod a weird effect, as tlio ' cortege ' slowly passed through tho woods which sur- ££-(!- f.:\\- pr-:- ; : . rou|ided, , tlioio.iyo/, to ; tha, church at Durrow, wher'thbYfpribral' -wasjt.met.byrthe Bishop of Ossory. Tho scbond portion of- tho servico was read over the grave .- by torchlight, and as the hour, of miduiglit tolled from the cliuroh tower, tire last spadefuls of earth were thrown oyer tho coffin. ' . ' ' A telegram from Perth on' ATonday reports The , steamer Otway, from Derby, has arrived at Frenmiitle, having 60 oz of gold on board. A great quantity was luft at Dorby. A large number of diggers, owing to scarcity of water, have, returned to Derby. Tliero nro only about 20;.left on tho fields. There are several parties on1 the way.-' The diggers report very favorably of theifioldi1, 'but complain of the shortuoss of water. Messrs Crabb, and Ivollnn brought in 100 oz"; Air Edwards, 30oz. Air Hall is on board the OtWay with 28oz nnd a -nugget of 24 oz of .-pure gold. ' . It ' is a spleudid ' specimen. Aloore's pai-ty1' started to prospect 'in the Lbn- nard . Range. . Tho diggers advise parties to wait - 1 1 till //September.' a great number. j»f diggers aire ' at Derby living in tents, ' , Two riien -have bebn murdered by the native's on tlio fields. 