SRemialseenees of aw ntrath begie Bug. - A SATIRE. "What fodiols those mortals be."-Mid summer Night's Dream. (Written for tile Erroa Advertiser and Violet Town Herald.) (CONTINUED.) When the wrathful mood engendered by the l,lood o"f the' fiery old salt lhad nloderated, we who -survived lmarvelled at our late ferocity. With strange emotions we gazed upon our antagonists' imutilated bodies.' "There, weltering.in a pool of clotted gore, lay one whom, I recognised as my own brother, the victimt possibly of fraternal frenzy, while strewn around were the cadaverous forms of old comlpanious, quondau associates in many, a uidnight carousal. The sight naturally set ne ieditating onil the, passions and custonls of thi humlan race. "Strange," thought 1, ." are those homicidal tenden cies that act so powerfully in our human prey. We, the despised marauders of the night, are satisfied with wreaking our bloodthirsty desires on another branch of creation, but the lord of tile universe must dabble in the streamns flowing from the veins of his own kind. Our'quarry" but here lay cogitations were cut short by some curions antics performed by the tar, who stood bolt upright on the bed in his nightshirt. and cap, and roared out in stentorian tones : " Back the mizzen top sail ! Rake her fore and aft !" and other unintelligible' commnnands, ending with "shoot every d---. Frenchman that shows his head." It was evident that, agitated by witnessing 'our niniature engagenent,;he -had been 'dreaiiling of. sorme stirring -encbunter with the enemy. I I hurried off in terror, and as I scuttled i towards the woll'knmiin haunts I mut tered : "Fitting conmuent, old chap, on ' my broken reflections." - There are episodes in the existences of I tmen to which they revert id fancy with j feelings andt thoughts of peculiar ple,asure. So it is with, us. It is an event of this nature that I amp now about to record. Previously I mentionedt the fact that ilny mind is of a speculative ceist, and ex plained moy mlethod of selecting victims c among tmortals whose views I thought t would suit my taste. One of the first opportunities 1 had of gratifying this i desiid 'vas at follows:-The holusemaids, e while performniltg their vocations of c making beds, etc., in the baronet's apart- I ment, had n mentioned in the course of t their voluble chattering that, inl a room I designated as the Witches' Chamber, slept a young man Wild ??i?Ni :1 poet. The name of this youthful genius was 1[r Mistry. Sally, the houselmaid, who had the care of his room, stated that she had opened his books and looked at somte bf his e poelms, but "a course," she said, " com- I1 moon folks like us ain't surposed to be able to make head or. tail of poetry." I listened with joy to Sally's story, and t determinted to ,pay a visit to the Witches' a Chamlber at once. But how ? My wits t soon discovered the means. I slid quickly a down the wainscot, crawled up Sally's o boot, and having hid myself in the folds I of her pettictats I waited for her to go to 1 the poet's apartmlent. At length, when v she had chattered herself out of breath, I she started. All happened as I wished, a and after a long journey down a dismal I corridor I found nyseclf in the haven where v 1 would be.' It was a doleful r,mn,. with r weird shatdows- falli:g , across its autllle floor, and the wind slbbing mnournnfully tlrough the-ventilators. At one end was a table oni which lay scattered bllnks and papers and pens. Timhe other articles of C furniture were costly and comlfortable, yet utlhing could avail to relieve the dislual dre:tineuss ,f the cll:tiueiE. Notthling I daunlted, however, bIy tie gllloomly atlillus plhere, I descended frtOlll Itmy place of cont ceahllnet, and toddled towards tile table. 1 Sally soon hurriedl away, evidently glad to leave so solcmn a pIlace, and I was left t lpursue any own devices.- Tile iilmpres 's sion fortmed upon tote by the surrounditngs augured favourably for tny entertaiunient. The occupant; thiulght 1, tof so mournful 1 a rooml imust Ipossess a strollg mind 'or a hold advanced opinions. Alas ! in this I t was minlstaken. Aiid here I will relate t thle reason for his ocdtu?tl;ing the Witches' Chamtber, as I heard it set forth by the t baronet some timlle after. It appears that c on the journey from totwn tile oliversa- a tion of the party had tuined on ghosts, witches, occiltismt, etc., in thd Idurse of - wlich this talented mlortal had averted I belief in what he called ultra-occultism, 1 and professed himself on such good terlts with adepts, spirits, et hoe yens omne, 1 that he simply pined for opportunity for i holding converse with such beings. Il0rchlit tihe cmtpany reached the castle it was 1 found t!hat its accotunodation was taxed I to such an extent that it necessitated snoiaeone sleeping in the Witches' chaln ber. The baronet laughingly challenged the young weaver of verse to prove his siilcerity, by becotiilhig the teiant of the haunted rootm. Ashatnetd tit retract his statementcts he feebly protested his readi less, and entered onl the occupancy forth witlh. But to resume my story. So seoo. as Sally had departed. I began to reconnoitre. Stealthily ascending the leg of the table, I presently found mlyself on its surface, anmong piles of books auld scattered mnanu scrips. "May thlere not 'c," said I to utyself, "some splecimnens of lty enter t;ainer's gSenius ?" Happily there were. Wandering atnong sotte sheets I lighlted upFon a lengthty atd closely-written tanuscript, at tile head of which was inscribed : OltE TO EMPYIRE.AL FRENZY. SAt thle risk of incurrin?g thle steers of saoile uteanl-souled one-storied individuals, I venture to transcribe thle two rtost sub lime stanzas of this majestic piece of sTANZA I. Hail! raptturous gush of thie solemn unknown! In lhillowedl resplendeitcy SWake into larntoty; Firstbolrn, iaelfable, exiquisite totle, With eloyless transcendtlency 'leatl thy brighlt star on me. STANZA rLXV5.' Spirits etllerial. sladtivs iiptal; - . .W hile beckoning lann nldly, S Reigt o'er Ity faultilg soul. Whispering are streants of silence asrial; ,- Ecstasy plallidly (Itoutls like thie ghlst of a grim ghlastly ghoul. 'It may easily be im.t tined how great was nly delight at ltappenitg on this glotrious poel. The mtystery, the itdeti nite yearinmts, the inexpressible aspirra tions in it filled me with transports that threatened to cause a fracuire iso tny little body. ' It will bhe seet that thle two verses cited are far attart, but I usayy say that all the mtonnrmediate and followig" sta-uzas breathe the smuoe utdefinable aand (to ordinary nortals) uniutelligible senti ments. The whlole day was spent by me in perusing thie O(b stanzas (tia rk the mysterious nutber) of thlist immortal work of genius. Night found, me still at it; mand at 11 'clock I hIadjust; finished it for thle second timte -once backwards and once forwards-when I was disturbed by thie faltering footsteps of the geniu?ihitu-. self. Faltering I say his footsteps werd,; for hie approacl?hed thle room with apparent hesitation. At lettngth,, however, hin crossed thie threshlold and stood full in my view. He was a tall young man, lean, atd slightly stooped ; his complexion was fair, very fair, while his blue eyes had tlhe appeanrace of having been boiled; so life less and spiritless were they. His features were fairly shaped, but his lips trembled as if keeping time with the winking'of his eyelids. In any ordinary personi, I should have said this was a sign of imbe cility ' his hair, of a dull flaxen dr lioney eolor, hung in imograceful curls around his peculhiarly-shitped head, the peculiarity consistiig of a strangei sugar-loaf-like protuberance of the froltii and forwTird portion, this 'beinigi' ai I have silico learnt from sleeping phlietioogists,' b?i tiidered a sign of unusual spirituality. Judging from his poems and otherper formances,.they are doubtless correct. As I haid nerer seen a genius befdre I gazed upon the person who entered with curious and.. humble astonishment. I cannot deny that my fancies respecting these beings received a somewhat severe ishock, but I hadl had sufficient experience in the course of my short career to prove that one must not judge too 'rigidly by appearance. On crossing the threshold the poet glared round fearfully, closed the door, bolted it, and, walking towards the bed, dropped on his knees and began tai probe the darkness with a stick, elicitiltg, as. the result of his investigations, a inair of boots and a dead rat.. He looked mournfully at. these sad trophies, add after stroking his long thin fingers through his lifeless locks, rushed to the table, and, sitting down, wrote at the head of a large sheet of paper .MONODY ON A DEAD BAT AND PAIRL. OF As' I was getting hungry, and hIdl gone through a fair amount of poetry that day, I viewed this proceeding with horror and alarm, but, since it seemed inevitable, 1. curbedmyinpatient feelings. AMypatience, however, was not severely tried, for, after sitting at his desk some minutes, he arose, clasped his hands, and wailed' forth " Alas I the tide of inspiration is at ebb, audithe golden opportunity is lost." His voice had a tremulous, sobbilg . accent thatmniade his little speech sound unutter ably pathetic. I felt quite concerned on his behalf, and,. could .1 have done so without danger, would have suggested his going to bed and trying the "Monody" next morning. -Such seemed to be his purpose o or a few -minutes, for lie took off h?s boots-and applared albusit to inidress further. But again he gazed Piityingly upon the dead rat and wornout boots, and again rushed to the table, stroked the protuberance, agonised the look of his face, and, again rising, moaned " Alas I thi tide of inspiration is at ebb, and this fatfdl 'obiportuiity is lst." This, hap pily, was the last atteripfit that niight, for he-proceeded quickly to undress, miutter ing ineanwhile some doleful imprecations. At length lhe was in bed,i and I hastened to drink froim this fount' of inspiration, cursing nmy luck. that it was at eblb, but trusting that rest and sleep right bringi it again to, flood. It was long before tihe ir.passirned youth slept.. Nature.. how ever, won in the end, and I proceeded to celebrate hiar victory by quafling the lifeblood of genius itself. I was i?uch distressed, however, at the shruiken pro porions of the atet, but soon found tlhat what was wanting in richness was com pensated for by flavour. The sensation of the inspiration soon began to affect tue. Let me describe tl.hem. as manifested in uryself: after driukimiir of the spirituaalised liquid that circulated in the genius's veins. A giddiness, with a rush of wild visions and an irresistibld desire to write sonie thing-that is all. I was notat a loss.for a sdbject, so, after my first taste, 1 began to compose. And here I must confess mliy subject, and refer to imiy first experiences of the delightful happiness of love. Yes, I was in love, the object of my passion being a plinrip; yet graceful, little insect. whom I shall drll by her pet aname of ruby. Of her it- was I thought, and about her I w~ce imy first stanzas on the Power of Love. I recollect the first verse still, and, with tihe ermission of my readers, will present it to them. SSTANZA I. Ruby the spiritual, Ruhy lid tainder, Rosy reflection of mon l diawnnll splendour, Slhed on erd soulful, comlpassiorate rays: Oh ! hear imy voivs of passionate pleading ! Cruel, sweet trifler ! while thou, all unheed " lg, Blleedest another, my poor self is bleeding. Scoern not, oh ! scorn not, nmy sigh-hrlcen lays. The' remaining verses are all in the same strain. Ruiy never appreciated them at all, and I always attribute their warit of success to" tli' tide of inspir?tion bcing unfortunately at ebb. To return to thle poet. He had not been c sleeping long when lie suddenly awoke, and sitting upright in the bed, and trembling with atffright, whispered " Yes! there thou art again, the ghost of CouIr non Sense ! " I could never understand these words. Had hlie murdered someone of that name, and was haunted by the apparition of the troubled spirit? Such must have been the case, for he continued \- -" Alas! alas ! I have treated thee ill ; but Fate nrade me a poet of mystery. 1lhat then c,,uld~" do but end thy exist ence?" It'was long before he recovered his composure ;- indeed, lhe still uasslhak ing at,the remembranmce of the l hastly spectacle when I left the Witches' Chanm ber and made my toilsome way down the long curridor to my friends and faunily. (To be Cuotinutcdl). 