FLEMINGTON IN CURL PAPERS. (By Ga rNETr WALCO.) My first experience of a racecourse-oh I memorable event of my hobble.de-hoy hood, of which I shall tell the story on some future ocrasion-was ever so many years ago, the locality being the New Town convincing-ground, near Hobart; my last such visit-up to date--was on yesterday, the 23rd day of June, in this year ofgrace, eighteen eighty-six, and the place Flemington. The' sporting' reader, with the distinctive acumen of his tribe, will at once perceive that on the day in question there was, as with Hans Breit mann's WYasser-M.ldchen, 'nothing on.' And that is what attracted me, just as it did Ritter Hugo in the ballad. I wanted to see the place sans the people, the Cct-ee and its concomitants without the crowd. I happened to mention this a little time back to a member of the Mel bourne Presbytery, who is a regular at tendant at the Flemington meetings, and be promised me an introduction to Mr. Byron Moore, the Secretary of the V.RlC., a gentleman of whom my readers may possibly have heard. Mr. Moore, whso visits the Course thrice a week all theyear round, was good enough to offer ne a seat in his trap, and to him am I indebted for such facts hereinafter set down as did not come under my own immediate observa tion. We approach the course by the main carriage-drive, with its rows of symmet rieal pines and handsome post-and.chain border-a vast improvement on the gal vanised iron fence of yore-and alighting, make our way to the Hill. Here we find a large body of workmen engaged on the new Hill-stand-' the pit, so to speak, of our theatre,' says Mr. Moore, rapidly scanning the work, while his tiusty hench man, Jonathan, stands ready for quick but comprehensive orders. A fine stand this / will be in a few days, capable of accom. mndatio 5.00peple, while the earth 'bW tP i l o fondations, added to the Hill itself, gives vantage-ground for 3,000 more-a sort of practical version of the Irishman's blanket-lengthening feat, to which Mr. Moore, letre further proofs, is rather partial. We mount the Stand, and 'view the shining landscape o'er.' In the distance, lying in front and to the right and left of us, in an extended crescent, are marvellous Melbourne-great G. A. S. we thank thee for that adjective-ann several of its further suburbs, still, though if is 10 of the clock, somewhat veiled in morning haze, but with all prominent spires and bulky buildings clearly distin guishable; nearerstill, Flemington. Essen. don, and Footscray, with the 'silver streak' of the Saltwater River, beloved of bream fishers; and in the immediate fore ground, the course-every inch of it dis cernible from 'start' to 'finish.'-the 'jumps,' training tracks, and dividing fences map-like in their distinctness. The training tracks in themselves, we learn, extend over four and a half miles, and one of them just completed cost £1,000. The ground covered in rolling and harrowing the various tracks amounts to no less than 7,000 miles per annum. Close beneath us are the many buildings dotting the Saddling-paddock ; then the dual Grand Stand, whence 'the swells,' by the way, will have no better view than we, and then the Hill itself, sloping up to our feet, ruled across its verdant face with the ' barriers' or"' breaks,' so admir ably designed, partly as rests for the elbows of the ' madding crowd ' and partly as safety-valves for the pressure of surging hdmanity. Passing to the rear of the Hill-stand by a convenient gangway 1 piercing it through the centre, we see the preparation for the bars that are to take the place of the unsightly sheds of old, the convenient range of lockers for the caterers, and the extensive luncheon rooms, where the public are henceforth to epjoy a good and comfortable 'square meal' -for their half-crown. - Enough accommodation here for the appetite of a Gargantua, and for drinkables to assuage even the thirst of the famous period when Pantagruel was born, and when the drought-to quote the chronicler-' had lasted thirty and six months, three weeks, four days, thirteen hours, and a little more,' or about as long as it recently lasted throughout the Australia of to-day. Facing the verandah at the back of the new. Stand is the seven.acre Recreation Reserve, already a favorite resort of the Hillites, with its sheltered nooks, its mirror-embellished rustic pavilions for ladies and family parties, its belt of flourishing shrubs, its flower parterres and fountains and its pleasant greensward. Here, remote alike from the hubbub of the Flat and Saddling Paddock, or the rivalries of the fashionable Lawn, can mateifamilias and the 'chicks' enjoy themselves and even rmiss a race, in domestic dolce far niente, while their own special band discurseth them sweet music. 1 Truly this Recreation Reserve is a grand I idea, liberally carried out. No wonder that the attendance at the Hill alone last Cup Day was upwards of 3,000 in excess I of any previous meeting. As we shall see anon, Mr. Moore has proved that he t recognises the requirements of the ' Upper I Ten;' but here, on the Hill, he is essenti ally 'the People's Caterer,' and as such say I, for one, 'long may he wave.' While still on the brow of the Hill, we command the various approaches to the canine, the ide .gravelled paths, the equally well-kept roads, the overhead bridges and snubways by which the great masses of people move too and fro in three great divisions, like so many bat talions of one vast army, without any of the jostling and clashing of the former I days. Mr. Moore must have studied the science of war, or at any rate hare played many a boImut of Kliriegapiel to have mastered the difficulties of tihe situation as he has. Descending the Hill, my attention is drawn to still further improvements now making to the main Grand Stand, which is being substantially lengthened at both ends by the addition of new committee and stewards' rooms, members lavateries, &c.; I. am also allowed to inspect the I suite of apartments specially prepared for t Hla -Excellency the Governor and his friends, includiog reception and retiring rooms, an elegant boudoir, and a spacious luncheon-rooen, all richly furnished and decorated with great taste. Noticing in passing the new Press-room, wvhere my brother 'hireling hacks'-Strong I forgive thee, but never more be preachifier of mine--where we scribes sit cheek by jowl besidea greenbaize covered table, much like a row of amiable penguins by the sad sea waves-passing .his centrally-situated and well-arranoged room, I am elhown the new Tea and Coffee Room, 80 feet long, with its excellent appliances, and next the two spacious apartments, one at eoeach end of the Stand, provided specially for the ladies, and so much appreciated at recent meetings. My space is limited, and I cannot enter into details of how every possible want and wish of the fair ones is here forestalled. 3Mr. Moore, with all his Protean business capacity, is also evinently a 'ladies' man' in the best sense of the word. BRt I must find room to mention that the very chaste decorations of these apartments, as well as of the Governor's suite, &c.;, are by 31. Duturbure, a gentle man recently settled in Melbourne.. An improvement that will escape the notice of racegoers, but will be almost unconsciously appreciated, is a new grassy ridge towards the western endl of the Grand Stand, formed of the earth exca wated from the foundation of the extension close by. and capable of accommeodating a thousand spectators. I here learn that no less than 25,000 cubic yards of earth have thus been utilised throughout the grounds, while at thie western ncod of the Grandl Stand I see preparations for removing the Electric Telegraph Office and Clock Tower to more central positions; also, for the erection of numnerous electric 'scratching boards' here, there, and everywshere, an item that the public will hail with pleasure. Returning along the front of the Grand Stand, a lengthy promenade in itself, noticing en pas.ant the luncheon room, with its thousand and odd chairs ready at a moment's notice, we come to further extensive alterations in active progress at he eastern end, the approaches beiofg reatly widened, and a nea slope being made to lead ate comers tlyfrom thes train to the back of the Stand, thus saving them time and trouble. A new grass ter race at the eastern end of the lawn pro rides increased facilities of view for 6,000 I people, the earth for tlis being obtained -from the excavations for the foundations a of yet another new Grand Stand on the elope hard by. This Stand, now all but r completed, aifords a splendid overlookfor some 3,500 spectators, with fine bar ac commodation. luncheon rooms, &c.;, at the W ith just a peep at tile railway station, whence on last Cup Day no less than 22 trains were despatched in seventeen aminutes, where three trains can draw up in readiness on each aide, while the central rails hold carriages for 10,000 t more travellers-and where the very I lengthy platforms help the crowds to a elt away as by magic-we take a a hurried tour amongst the hothouses and a nurseries, ' where the flowers that bloom in the spring,' or autumn, as the case may be, are coaxed into floral perfection, and I moseet their engagements with a prompti tude that savours of commercial morality The fernery with its wealth of foliage and its ' Minnehaha' fountain, the roomy carpenter's shop, paint room ironmongery r store, stables, &c.;, all removed from their t former locality so as to improve the r general entourage of the course; theafter t noon tea-house for tile ladies, the carriage paddock, and the plots of ground where the Club grows its qwn horse-feed, &c.;, a the quarry whence excellent road metal is obtained at prime cost-all these are a rapidly vtsited in turn; and then mounting once more into.the tiap, we proceed bet ween beds of migcouette and other i flowers along the new members' drive (in itself an exceedingly convenient ansd ex f cellent affair), and. pause at the top of t the rise to take a comprehensive view of the course and its surroundings. The t improvements we have just inspected provide increased accommodation for up Swarbs of 20,000 persons, and furnish, with a their congeners, a capacity not only far s outstripping siy modern racecousrsc, but exceeding the great show places of old. The Coliseum of Rome, so often quoted as one of the seven wonders of the Middle Ages, held someo 70,000 people. Fleming ton can now accommodate half as Isnoty again, without taking into consideratioen the numerous natural slopes and 'coigns of vantage round about. Leaving the course, my attention is drawn to a new street about to be opened to the Flemington road. This will be'a great convenience, as it saves a long ditour, affording at the same time better travelling for the vehicles. . Taken altogether,. the recent improve ments at Flemington make it, apart from other considerations, a place well worthy of a visit even when it is, as above, ' in its curlpapers.' With the splendid pro gramme of the forthcoming W interMeet ing on the 17th July superadded, who would not be there 1 SYoonumay bear, in mind that this is all an adjunct to the real business of the day, namely, the racing, and to those who are really fond of that most English of English, and Irish of Irish sports, cross-country racing, the programme will indeed be a treat. The first event on the card of the day's sport is Tne MA~unN HURnnDLE RAe, specially intended to introduce new blood into the ranks of the hurdle racers, and here we see blood, bone, and beauty in fair skins, for here such celebrities on the racecourse as Plausible, Sheet Anchor, First Prince, Seahorse, Aristocrat, Conntry Boy, Ebony, Black Diamond, and a host of others, will do battle.. Then comes the MAIDEN STEEPLEcn ASE, and here we find Royal Maid making lier debut over big fences, among many whose names are new to fame, as well as those whose' essays over fences have been numerous- but uncrowned hitherto with success. T?e GosDE NATIONAL HURDLE RACE follows, and asI r. Barnard has had his usual success in allotting the weights, one of the grandest races over hurdles oever seen should result. Fancy a Melbourne Cup winner, in Sheet Anchor, receiving weight from that beautiful little chestnut The Agent, and that justly, for the son of Slanderer is certainly King of the Castle as a hurdle racer; then Insolvent, Hunts man, Tantaliser, Ditto who ran close up in an Australian Cup, Duration, Distiller, Coloola, Koolyte, Aristocrat, Hilltop, Don Quixote, Sinking Fund, Vanderbilt, and Grattan should all prove worthy rivals to the first-named pair at the burdens allowed them. The event, however, which always causes the most intense excitement on hill, paddock, or lawn is . Tar GasND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, in which the 'great Tasmanian son of Hforatio, Denmark, holds, by virtue of many victories, the pride of place, giving weight even runto the giant Mernder, a thoroughbred horse standing nearly, if not quite, eighteen hands. Then LadyAshton, that grand daughter. of Panic, is alone worth going to see. ;Studley, who las placed a lot of jumping events to his credit, is also here. Game snakes his first appearance over the big sticks, whilst those ancients of days, Kanaka and Black thorn, again revisit the scene of their former triumphs. Adelaide sends Remy, Brown Eagle, and Charcoal, Blaekall is from Queensland, Clarence represents New Zealanl, Euchre is a Gippslander though trained at Ballarat, while Caledonian is another Tasmanian; besides these a host of lesser lights adorn tile programme, and this should be the greatest steeplechase ever seen at Flemington. A FLAT RACE ends the day's sports, and here all the speedy milers of the day are engaged. Boolka, Moroney, Britishler, Ringmaster, Acolyte, Silvermine, Tie Ghost, Mozart, Ironmaser, and St. Odille are in them selves suffiicient to show that sport of the merriest kind may be expected. 