GOVERNMENT1 SERVICE IS W.A. ? m ? Sib, — Old Jenkins, M.D., who is oar re spected medico, tells me I am overworked, that Government sorrice in the Red-tape and Circumlocution Department has shat tered my constitution, and that if I do not immediately seek relaxation I shall fill an early grave. Of course I feel regularly used up ; and bow could it be otherwise ? through between 10 and 4, and after that to meet the demands of society. I allude to nous antres society, not the*fiot polloi of the Perth Club. A Government officer, as in doty bound, is prepared if obliged to die at his post j he would not dream of charging over-time nor expect his funeral expenses to foe defrayed by the State, even if he be longed to the Post Office, where no one within the memory of man, at least of a postman, has died — he would still stick to the post and lire. You know Mallock, don't you? — a writer fellow who wrote a book something about ' Is Life Worth Living,' and the ass actually tried to argue out that it wasn't. If he had been in one of onr de partments I could understand bis argu ments — the everlasting strain on intellect, the awful waste of intelligence, the brutal espionage of momliers of parliament, all tend to make life a misery. Only look at us as a -lot, or take a sample from the heads of Lennr+iTipntK tho P £ Clfnoa rho k 4 office, theT ? y office, the E ? lofflee, , aud what do we see f Ah ! It's very pain- ] £ul to contemplate either a wreck or a j ruin. I fear I have somewhat wandered from my subject. I don't argue with Mallock. I prefer the ilk of this life and those in the Government Service, tempered j as they are with occasional respite, in the ! shape now and then of a month's leave on j urgent private affairs, or on a medical cer tificate for a longer period. As I am not ' likely to marry till my screw is up to some thing a little higher than that of a common j labourer I go in for periodical M.C., which, i let me tell you, dosen'fc mean Member of [ Conncil, for a billet of that sort I wonld not accept; uesiaes, us not toeing paid; — use mixed lot iu the House arc not thought much of by vs. I spoke to Jenkins (M.D.) seriously, and said, ' Is it really necessary that I should temporarily absent myself from business, the office could never get on without me.' You know Jenkins' peculiarly brusque manner ; he saw I was anxious, aud yet most needs burst out laughing, and replied, 'Bosh! If you went out to-morrow no one would miss you, and your appointment would be immediately filled by some fellow eqnally incapable, who might have sufficient influence to get pitchforked in over the heads of better men.' I thought this was danced rough, but that perhaps after all there was something in it, so in the first place I immediately arranged not to ' go out' — then knowing that if SO per cent, of oar officers got leave all at once for an un limited period the remaining 50 wonld act for them, and the State Carriage still trundle on. I felt more at peace with ail { the world and let things departraentaUy slide, till physicial debility and weakness of intellect according to seniority drove me on to the shelf and the receipt of a comfort able pension. I obtained a medical certificate, and the next thing was hoar to work ont the time. Jenkins (M.D.), when I suggested retiring from the busy bum of men and going through a course of the ines — nervine, phos pbodyne, pepsine, Eno'e fruit salt, hop bitters, and aU that sort of thing, shut me up very abruptly with, ' Don't be a fooL go in for doable 33.' I know what B. and S. was, and double XX, and BB as bitter beer, bat till it was explained I nerer knew that double B meant — breeze and briny. I accepted the prescription acd determined to purchase a ? . Now, I know there is some rum way of spelling the word I ought to bave filled in, bnt as I am under doctor's orders I shall spell it phonetically; the sentence would then run, 'purchase a. yot,' and ' My Yot' will be the subject of further communications with you. I havn't the ghost of an idea of navigation, or of ships or of ropes, bat have a diction ary of nautical terms, and no doubt r!'. the advice and assistance so readily afforded ? by friends who do know something I may look forward to the health-restoring enjoy ment recommended. I need hardly tell you that I have packed up a great deal of preparatory information from Dibdin, Captain Marryatt, and other writers on naatical matters. You will hear from me after all is settled and I have joined the P. Y. C. ' The C, the C. the Y*dend open C.' I presume this well-known sea song referred » the Club. — Yours truly, PATIESS. 