THE ONE THING NEEDFUL BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lad; Audlet's Sec tier," &c.; Chapter XVII. — "Bur Ilow Should I Avoid to dc Her Slave? " Brumm aud Ihe outskirts of Brumm looked a little more detestable than usual to Lcrd Laslmmr that October afternoon, although Lady Carmiuow was sitting ojipo- sile him, clad in ruddy brown velvet and sable tales, Willi a little sable bonnet that harmonised deliriously with her rich gold- brown hair. If the b.auty of a woman or tho luxury of a barouche on C springs could have sufficed him, he might havo beeu happy ; but ou ibis particular afleruooa ho behold even Lady Carmiuow's perfection with a jaundiced eye. ' Your velvet and fur will not bo improved by iron and coal dust," he said, with a dispar aging glance at her rich apparel. ' Oh, 1 have hud this gown for ages. 1 should be rather glad to spoil it." Lasbuiar's eyes, in sheer alsent-mindedness, noted the figures on the pavement ; two half- clad factory girls fluttering by iu cotton, hug ging their shabby little sbuwls across their narrow chests, us they faced the east wind . and it struck him thut (he Radical's howl against the inequality of fortune was ono of those themes which would never lack listen ers Granted that every scheme which would equaliso wealth is alike absurd and impossible ; yet there the contrast is, always before men's eyes, ulways calling out to them for redress somehow, somowherc. " Those two girls looked rather enviously at your sables," ho said, noting tbo long wistful stare which followed the fiuc lady in tho line carriage. " You may be sure they have as grand gowns for Sundays — dog skin, or cat skin, and cheap velveteen. They always follow the fashions," answered Clarice lightly. " One can't help feeling sorry forthem, "mur mured Mrs. Mulciber. " Yes, with that gcutlc, passivo sorrow, which hurts' nobody and does uobody any good, " answered Lasbmar, with quiet scorn. " If one of us were liko that little Norfolk dressmaker now, who, being one day suddenly moved to pity for a poor wretch in gaol, took up her cross, aud ior over alter devoted her lifo to the help and solace of gaol- prisoners ; bore with tbcm, comforted them, pruyed for them ; died in her patient slavery. That is what real pity means, and how very little there is of it!" Lady Cnrminoiv did not pursue the argument. She was looking straight before her towards a great black gateway, gloomy as tho entrance to Tartarus. They were iu ono of tho dingiest streets in Brumm — Dancbrook Lane, so called after tho great Danobrook Ironworks, where Mr. Daucbrook had established iu this Midland centre works which rivalled in their magnitude those of Darlington, and competed with the Krupps and the Cockcrills of Germany and Belgium. Lady Carminow could hear the chink of tho steam hammers ; and she always heard that sound in this place with a faint thrill of pride. She had broad acres which gave her a position among the landed gentry, and of those sho was proud ; but these works were her kingdom. Hero was the source of her wealth and here sho reigned supreme. Tho vastness of thoso Plu tonian halls, tho mnltitudo of black ened faces, tho clang of tho engines, tho roar of tho furnaces, wlioro tho keels of mighty ironclads and the connecting rods and cranks cf large locomotives wero welded and fashioned, impressed her woman's fancy with an idea of power. Tho factory was like an arsenal ; and she seemed to herself strong as a Goddess of AVar, when she made her slow pro gress from hall to hall, preceded by deferential foremen and officials. It pleased hor to think that Lashmar would seo her amidst theso surroundings. She had given no notice of her coming, and it seemed to her, as she alighted from hercarriago in the great black quadrangle, that the manager, who ran to receive her, was less effusive than usual. He was not less deferential ; he bowed before her and spoke with bated breath, as to a queen ; but he had a troubled look, which Laslimar's quick eye perceived. "I'm afraid we've come at an awkward time," he said; "you've soma gigantic job in hand, perhaps, ia the throes of com pletion. " "No, it is not that, iny lord," answered the manager gravely ; " that kind of thing never puts us out of gear. But it is hardly a good time for her ladyship to visit the works. Our men are on tho ovo of a strike. " Lady Carminow laughed softly, pleasantly, as at an irresistible joke, "That is a very old story," sho said. "I have heard that all my life. My father used to say as much almost every timo he came from the works. Tho men wero always hatching mischief. Tho strike was always coming ; bnt the strike never canic." " Air. Dancbrook had an extraordinary in fluence over the men, an exceptional power of managing them. He contrived to ward off the strike— partly by that personal influence, partly by concessions ; your Jadyship has re fused io " " To accede to demands which I consider preposterous — which my father would never havo granted. " "Your father would havo gone with the limes, Lady Carminow. He was too wiso a man lo try to stem a rising tide." "If some of us don't stand firm against that tide it will he over all our heads before long," said Lady Carminow, looking liko Bellona. Lashmar would hardly havo given her credit for so much spirit — or obstinacy — he did not know which to call it. " The men have held on, though they are worse off as to current wages than other iron workers in Brumm. They havo held on for the sake of those admirable funds which Mr. Dancbrook established for Eickuess and old itge. Tho prospect of bouuses and annuities has kept our meu faithful to us at a disadvantage ; but there is a very unpleasant feeling arising in tbe factory, an idea that the richest works in all Brumm pay tho worst wages. In most other firms like ours, work is done by the ton, by a ganger who un dertakes the job and employs men under him. This plan saves tho firm a good deal of responsibility, and the men liko it belter, because they can earn more money while au intelligent ganger may make a small fortune." " I will have no middle men in my business," said Lady Carminow. Tho manager bowed submissively. "Your ladyship knows best," he said; " but I assure you there is a danger iu getting old fashioned. A system which answered admirably ten years ago is beginning to work awkwardly now. There was a time whou wo hadn't a single union man ou the premises ; but labor was scarce last winter when wo had some of our biggest jobs in hand, and we were obliged to let iu some of tho uon men. Aud now we must either givo them what they want or prepare for a strike." |» " If they strike wc can get other men, I sup pose ?" " Not a man — in England." " But we can get them front Belgium." The manager shrugged his shoulders dubi ously. "> "Belgium iron works are in a very prosper ous condition just now. I doubt if there are meu to b ; had at Liege. " " And if these men leave us they forfeit all claim upon my father's funds ?" " Naturally." Then they will not go," said Lady Car minow. Assuredly net the old hands, who have touched bonuses already, and have been Published ty special uranfcacsn with the Aatier All diihis reserved. working for annuities in the fnture. No man will forfeit the reward for which ho has been working." "Anger is short sighted, Lady Car minow. Radicalism has been gaining grouud in this placo over since I can remember. Twenty years ago our hands were better off thau any other workmen iu Brumm. But wages have been going up, and our wages have remained the same. )Aro point to our bonus system, our workmen's buildings, sound and clean, aud well cared for, onr annui ties to Iho aged ; but the modern workman is hardly grateful for these advantages ; he doesn't much care what kind of hoTel he pigs in, but ho wants high wages, a drinking bout every pay night, rump steaks and onions for supper. He doesn't care about the future. You had better go with the tide, Lady Carminow, nnd let me raise the wages before tho strike comes." " I would much rather shut up the works," replied Clarice. " Please do not let us discuss the question any longer. I havo brought my friouds to sea the works, not to hear the usual doleful prophecies about strikes which never coinc. Tho Dancbrook men know they are better off than any other men iu Brumm." She led the way, walking rapidly past the manager's office into tho heart of tho citadel. IIo had hardly time to snatch up his hat, givo a hurried direction to ono of his clerks, and get in front of the little procession. A foreman appeared almost by magic, nr") amidst the din of hugo engines, and in the heat and glare of giant furnaces, Lord Lashmar surveyed the source of Job Danebrook's fortune. He saw the half finished blocks of iron convoyed from shop to shop by tho " traveller," a curious kind of steam monster working upon au overhead railway, 30 fcoi from tho ground. He saw the hugo unshapely mass of white hot faggots drawn from the roar ing furnace by tho steam crane, plucked as it were from tho mouth of boll; just such a demoniac seeming spectacle as he had beheld years before at AYoolivich Arsenal, wliera ho went as a boy to sec tho drawing of a gnn. Ho saw the mighty steam hammer fashion that iron protoplasm into form, weld and shape it into uso and meaning ; but amidst all tho uucouth grandeur of the scene, he noted the sullen faces of tho men ; heard more than oue muttered sarcasm from smoke blackened lips as the great lady swept by in her splendor of velvet and fur. Ha kept as closo as he could to her side all tho time, ready to defend her should thoce he any hint of violence. Ho felt that the men wero disaffected ; and he was very glad when, after seeing a monotonous repetition of strango forms, and breathing noxious fumes of coal and red hot iron, he was allowed lo escape into the outer air. Tho smoke charged atmosphere of Brnmm seemed fresh and clear after those fiery vaults through which they had passed. After tho works had been done Clarice in sisted that he should see the workmen's houses, for which privilege Mrs. Mulciber was particu larly eager. "1 confess myself a very stupid person wherever machiuery is in question," sho said, "bnt tho dwellings of the poor are my do- light. I am a member of tho Dado So- ciety, and I think I have made many a hnmble homo happy by tho introduc tion of au artistic wall papering and a sago- green delf jar here and there on a bracket. It always makes me sad lo think of the wanv who havo to live without dadoes." "I'm afraid our Brnmm peoplo would laugh at the Dado Society," answered Clarice, "Thoy havo no idea of beauty. You will- see the most revolting objects in their rooms- artificial flowers under glass shades, head mats, crochet antimacassars, things that make one's blood run cold." "Poor things 1" sighed Mrs. Mnlciber. "The day will como when the influence of tho Dado Society will permeate this outer darkness, I hope." " Tho workmen's bouses formed two spa. cious quadrangles, oponing ono into tho other through an archway, liko a coliego. They had been built by Mr. Danebrook, and were of a sensible height, only three 6torics, with bal conies to all the rooms, and a colon nade under which the children could run about in wet weather. There was also a spa cious building, called the recreation house, in which tho children played in the day time, and where tho adults amused themselves of an evening. There wero baths and washbouses, and all modem accommodations and improve ments. The architecture was utilitarian and substantial. Thcro was no attempt at the Gothic or the Jacobean in any portion of the building. It was frankly ugly from garret lo basement; hut tho rooms were all light, and airy, the passages nnd staircases were wide and well ventilated. They went into two or three different sitting rooms, Lashmar feeling himself an intruder, Mrs. Mulciber in her glory, descanting upon the sweetness aud light which tbe Dado Society could bring into these benighted dwellings, Clarice, calm and queenly, entering and leaving without apology, here and there telling a mother that her children were not a credit to her in those dirty pinafores, or scorn fully informing a housewife that her floor did not look as if it bad been scrubbed for a month. " You havo nice rooms, if you would only learn to keep them nice," sho said to oue woman. " Wages arc too low and victuals too dear for us to have much heart for finnicking over the rooms," replied the matron, with a sulky air, bending down to stir the fire with her back in tlio visitors, and then lifting the lid of a sauce, pan which sent forth a hot blast of onions and grease. Mrs. Mulciber tried to insinuate a suggestion of a bracket, or of tho wonderful dado-istio effect that might be produced wilh a little dis temper. " Your husband conld do it himself, my deat soul, don't you know," murmured the lady. "Just a pail of whitewash and a littlo red " " My husband would chuck the white wash over my 'cd if I was to nrst him any such rubbish," answered tho matron fiercely. "AVo don't want no dadoes here : wo want higher wages aad less humbug, Bonuses, indeed, and 'uewities ; we've got too long to wait for the bonuses, aud we shall all be dead aud rotten before tho 'nciveties falls doo." Clarice felt that the atmosphere was uncon genial ; that her father's system, which had answered admirably while he was there to ad minister things, was not working smoothly just now. ' Tho place is stifling," sho exclaimed "yon all keep your rooms much too hot. I suppose that is because you get coals for nothing." "AVo'd need get something for nothing, when oar husbands and sons are wearing their flesh off their bones to mako other peoplo's fortunes," grumbled tho matron, as her visitors departed. Lady Carminow went back to her carriage, deeply disgusted with tho want of loyalty in her people. had gono over the same ground with a party of friends a year ago, and had been re ceived as a queen, the children bringing her a bouquet, the women curtseying and smiling, dazzled by her beauty and splendid raiment, the men deferential, eager to wait upon her foot steps and answer her questions. Tho change was appalling, and might presage some hitherto unimagiued evil. " The working classes are becoming detest able," sho said, us she leant back in her carriage, exhausted and depressed. " They are not always as pleasant as they might-be," replied Lashmar. "There is no placo, iu the world where I fed so much out of my clement as in Brumm. Ealf an hour in this hole always makes me fancy the old qfJer .ia-endiog, aad that we shall aUhavetofcuQup our sleeves and work at tho furnaces before long." " Those people positively adored my father," laid Clarice, discontentedly " Ah, but he was one of them, you see, or made himself ono of them," replied Lashmar. " I dare say he wore a shabby coat in the factory, and went about among the men, hand- ling cranks, and not afraid of greasing his hands. You have the air of coming from a totally different world, of looking down at them from an immense altitude. That's what they don't like," I shall never go near them again," said Clarice. " They may be very sure of that.-' She was deeply offended ; touched in her womanly pride of beauty and grace. Never before had men looked upon her save with ad miring eyes. Those sullen faces haunted her as- 6ho' drove home through the twilight; and Lashmar, who might have been comforting and tender, held bis peace, and sat silently gazing at the misty autumn fields. She had wished to show him her power as a queen in that black kingdom yonder, and she ffclt hurt and humiliated by the uncomfortable turn the whole thing bad taken. . It was between six and seven when Lady Carminow and her companions returned to the Castle. Afternoon tea was over, and the shooters had departed to bathrooms and dressingrooms and there was the sound of a piano and a very thin soprano voice from the drawingroom, whereby Lashmar opined that Mrs. Vavasour was indulging in a ballad alone or iu company. He went to the library, intending to enjoy a quiet half hour with the newspapers before ho dressed. The room was only lighted by the burning logs in one of the two fireplaces, and a single lamp on a reading table. The curtains had pot been drawn, and, as Lashmar crossed the room towards the lamplight, he saw two dark figures pacing slowly past the windows. He opened a casement and looked out. A man and woman were standing a littlo way off in earnest conversation. The womau, black robed, bare headed, tall and straight and slim, was Stella. The man was Nestorius. He was bending to speak to her, until it seemed to Lashmar that his lips must almost touch her hair. His hand was on her shoulder, as if he had been pleading or arguing with in- tensest meaning. Suddenly Stella released herself from that detaining grasp, knelt for an instant at his feet, and clasped and kissed his hand with quick, passionate gestures, then rose as quickly as she had knelt, and rushed away to the other end of the terrace. Only southern blood would have shown its feeling in such impassioned movements. Strange as tho act was, it seemed iu no wise false or theatrical. All was natural and spon taneous. To Lashmar, who had seen the girl silent, statuesque in her immobility, this, new aspect of her character was startling in tho extreme. " Has she gone suddenly out of her wits ?" he asked himself angrily. "Has Nestorius infected her with lunacy, or is she playing n deep game? Yes, that is it, no doubt. She means to hook our enthusiast. He is more im pressionable than Ulysses, and 6he is as crafty as Calypso. Those silent women with lowered eyelids are always sly." He went oat into the gloaming. Autumnal mists were rising all over tho park. Night was coming up from the volley, and tho river like a palpable presence, a mighty winged monster- spreading wide pinions over the earth, curtain ing and covering homestead and meadow, man and beast, diffusing a false air of peace and silence and solemnity overall things. There was no peace in Lashmar's breast, which was white hot with anger. Why he should be angry he never stopped to ask him self. " The hussy," he muttered ; "(ho artful, in- eorrigiblo hussy ! This is the kind of woman who leads wise men to ruin, who subverts class distinctions, who creeps into foolish women's bouses and steal's a husband's heart from his lawful wife." He saw her standing alone at the end of the terrace, above that terrace lawn where he and Clarice had played so often in days gone by. Nestorius had gone back to the house. She was leaning wearily against an antique vase, gazing into the night. He . could not command his temper ; that .white hot fire in his breast must needs have some relief. Silence, calmness, were alike im possible. There is an unreasoning anger which mast be satisfied, even at the loss of self-respect, which is surely tho heaviest price that any man can pay for self-indulgence. He walked quickly to the spot where Stella was standing, ho placed himself by her side, bnt was not able to tee her face, which was turned from him. "Well," he began, in his harshest voice, ' you have taken the measure of our states man, Miss Boldwood. Ho is a man peculiarly susceptible to flattery, especially a woman's flattery, and your littlo bit of melodrama just now must have delighted him." She turned quickly and faced him, white as death, as it seemed to him, iu that dim light. Her face gleamed upou him like the face of a ghost. The large dark eyes, wet with tears, alone had a look of life. "Were you listening nud watching us from some corner, Lord Lashmar ?" she asked con temptuously. She had assured herself long ago fbat this man hated and despised her, and that it was a duty she owed to herself to despise him. It was in her nature to feel and to do all things with an exceptional intensity. As she bud loved her benefactor with all the force of her young heart, so she hated her benefactor's brother. She was ready to be insolent to him on the slightest provocation. " 1 was neither listening nor watching; but I went to that window yonder to see who was promenading the terrace, and was just in time to see yon fling yourself at our statesman's feet . aud kiss his hand. It was very prettily done; and I have little doubt it will have the desired effect." " Indeed. Pray what effect do you suppose I wish it to haver" " My dear Miss Boldwood, when a young lady throws herself at a gentleman's feet, the obvious conclusion is that Ac wants to bring him to hers. It is taking a short cut to a i denouement that hangs tire. And in the case of a young lady whose attractions are much greater than her fortune, and a wealthy, widower, impressionable but wavering, one can conceive no better coup de main than that with which you have just surprised our friend . Nestorius. " You think that I want to catch Mr. Nestorius as a husband?" " What else can I think, having seen what I saw just now ?"' "You are very quick in jumping at conclu sions, Lord Lashmar. " " Wheu the conclusion is so obvious the jump . is inevitable ; and it is a very sinnll jump — only a gutter. Ho you suppose thai 1 have not understood your game for the last three weeks? That I have not marked your manoeuvres, your lonely ) rambles across tho park, and accidental meetings with Mr. Nesto rius on the way ; yourpiteous revelations to him, your tears for the father whom you lost too long ago to have the faintest real feeling about . him, always remembering how much you wero a gainer by his loss ?" " A gainer !" she cried, " to cat the bread of ' dependence in yonr mother's house. Ho you think that is gain ?" " It is at least better than being a factory girl, which you would have been in all proba bility had your father lived." " Had he lived ! Ho you know for certain that he is dead." » I knew, as everybody else knows — that he perished in the attempt to save your life," answered Lashmar, forgetting everything but his headlong anger ; " and I know that my brother, who ni worth a dozen demagogues, risked his life to save a child whose face he had never seen. Yon have good need to be grateful to him." " Head !" she fultered ; " your brother told me that he had gone away to a dis tant country. I thought, as I grew older, that he had left England because life here was too bard for him ; that he had left mo bchiud, intending to send for me if things went well witli liiin in his new country. And then I thought that Fate hnd still been against him, and that he wnswaiting for the tide to turn, waiting to be rich enough to send for his only child ; and now you tell me he was killed the night of the fire — killed in trying to save mc! Oh, it was cruel, infamous, to deceivfe me so," she cried passionately. " It was your benefactor, the man who was more than a father to you, who told the lie." " Yes, but when he was gone — when I was older, better able to face sorrow, when I had to bear a hard, bitter life, when no one would have been pained by my tears — why was I not told the truth then ? Neither you nor Lady Lash mar have been so anxious to spare my feoliugs that you need have kept this grief from me. You have let me go on year after year, feeding on a false hope, dreaming a mocking dream." " It was an oversight on my mother's part and on mine, "said Lashmar; ' we ought to have told you the truth. My brother Hubert had a foolish sensitiveness on the subject, a morbid dread of your tears ; but with us it was other wise. We did wrong iu not telling you. However, you have been in some wise a gainer, as your pathetic case has made a profound impression upon Mr. Nes torius ; aud that last touch of pathos — your be lief iu your father's existence many years after his death — has quite subdued him." " Mr. Nestorius has been very good to mc, and I am deeply grateful to him ; but if you think that I have schemed to win his re gard " "I do think that you have so schemed, and that you have gone very near winning your game — not quite, perhaps — but your last move was admirable, aud I anticipate the pleasure of congratulating you upon your promotion before Nestorius leaves the Castle." "Is that all you have to say to me, Lord Lashmar?" ' Yes, that is all, until I offer you my con gratulations." "I thank you for your kindness and con sideration. It is almost equal to that with which you sent ine out of the library seven years ago. " " Oh, you were a child then, and I am sorry to say you wero a very unmannerly child, I hope you do not harbor resentment after all these years, because I was a little rough with you that afternoon.". " I do not harbor resentment. I do not care enough about you to resent your conduct to mo in anything — no, not even your cruelty in trying to strangle every ambitious thought of my mind, every hope and every dream, when your brother's death made my life desolate. I despise you too much to be resentful." " You despise me. That is ratber strong." "I know of no words strong enough to ex press what I feel, when I remember how you have treated me — when I compare you and your brother." " Ah, there is a difference, is there not? But Hubert was cast in a different mould. He ought to have been a woman. I am n man." "I would not boast of that, if I were yon, just after you have been unmanly enough to insult a friendless girl." "Friendless! What! wheu you have Nes torius as your friend, your adorer, your future husband, if you play out your gamo as well as you have begun it '? Ho not talk about fricndlcssness. Calypso is never without friends." She turned from him and walked quickly towards the house ; he followed as quickly, and opened the library window for her to pass through. The action was polite, yet it reminded him of that other action, seven years ago, when he hud Hung open the door for her and told her to " march." She had not forgotten. She turned on the threshold, and looked at him with flashing eyes. " Why don't you tell me to 'march'?" she said "as you did that other day. This time there is no need of your order. I am going to march." And so, with a short, angry laugh, she left him. "What a she-devil," he muttered. "It is her Spanish blood, I suppose, and Boldwood's blood. A nico mi xturo ! Yes, upon my soul a very pleasant brew 1" He went back to the terrace, and tramped up and down till after tho warning gong had sounded. Then he rushed to his dressing room, and scrambled through his toilet ; and to dress hurriedly was a thing he hated. "What on earth did tho creature mean wheu she said she was going to march ?" he asked himself, as ho bundled with his cambric tie. 