©ate* and £fectclu& [NOW F1BST PUBLISHED.] UNDER FAISE PRETENCES. A Novel. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'Martin Deve ril's Diamond,' &c.; SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapter L The Pholmue. — EdwanJ LuttrelL a wealthy Englubman, witb his wife and child, take op their residence at San btefano. Here another child u bora to them, and a nurse, vtneenza Nasari, is engaged to nurse it. She, unknown to the parants, is the mother of twins, one of whom dies. After an illness Mm. Lattrell asks to see her boy, bnt on the child belo* pat into her arms she conceives a etronc aversion to it. Baying it is Tincenaa's child and not heis. Her anti pathies are treated &s; those of a monomaniac, ana ultimately her hatred is overcome. Mr- Luttrell died when the child was about fifteen years old ? About this time the mother of Vwcenza confesses to a priest that the children have been dumped, and the real child of Mr. Luttrell, passing under the name of Dino Vasari, is taken into the monastery of ban Stefano. Chaptkb. II. introduces the rtsider to Ej chard Luttrell, nova man of twenty-ei^'ht, and Brian Luttrell, aped 20. The former discovers that a system of robbery has been carried on bv a scapegrace cousin, Hugo Luttrell. whom be thrashes unmercimllv. Chapters III. akd IV. — Hugo, crushed and wounded, rejects the comfort offered him br * mjel* Vivian, who is betrothed to Bichard LuttretL The quarrel between Richard and Brian on account of the former's severity to Hugo is made np between them. The sunc day7, however, when out shooting, Brian accidentally shoots hisbrother, whilst aiming at a bird. Others of the part} Caocied they beard two shots fired. On tfle news being conveyed to Alns. Luttrell. she accuses Brian of being his brother's murderer, which he emphatically denies. Chapter V,— The Dead Man's Testimony., About ten o'clock at night Hugo LnttreU was seen entering the courtyard at the back of the honae, where keepers, grooms, and in door servants were collected in a gronp, dis cussing in low tcnes the events of the day. Seeing these persons, he seemed inclined to go back by the way that he had come ; bat the bntler — an old Fngliahtn^ri who had been in the Luttrell family before Edward Luttrell ever thought of marrying a Scotch heiress and settling for the greater part of every year at Netherglen — this said butler, whose name was William Whale, caught eight of the young fellow and accosted him by name. ' Mr. Hugo, sir, there's been many inquiries after you,' he began in a lugubrious tone of voice. ??After me. William r Hn«o looked frightened and uneasy. *' What for?' 'You won't have heard of the calamity that him come upon the house,' said Willing, shaking hie head solemnly ; ' and it will be a great shock to you, no doubt, sir ; & terrible shock. Stand back, you men, there ; let Mr. Hugo pass. Come into the housekeeper's room, air. There's a fire in it ; the night has turned chilly. Go softly, if you please, sir.' Hugo followed the old rnnn without another question. He looked haggard and wearied ; bis clothes were wet, torn and soiled; his very hair was damp, and his boots were soaked and burst as though from a long day's tramp. Mrs. Shairp, the housekeeper, with whom he was a favourite, uttered a startled exclamation at his appearance. *' Guid guide us, sirs ! and wfaaur hae ye been hidiiT yoursel' a' thiB day an' nicht, Mr. Hugo ? We've haen Bair trouble i' th' hoose, and naebody kent your whauraboats. Bairn ! but ye're just droukit ! Whaur hae you hidden yoursel' then ?' ' Hidden !' Hugo repeated, catching at one of the good woman's words and ignoring the others. ' I've not hidden anywhere. I've been over the hills a bit — that's alL What is the matter?' He seated himself in the old woman's cushioned chair, and leaned forward to warm himself at the fire as he spoke, holding out first one hand and then the other to the leaping blaze. *' How will I tell you ?' said Mrs. Shairp, relapsing into the tears she had been shedding for the last two hoars or more. ' Is it possible that ye've heard naething ava ? The laird — Netherglen himsel' — oor maister — and have you heard naething aboot bim as you cam do on by the tnnir * I'd hae tbocht shame to let you gang hame unkent, if I had been Jenny Burns at the lodge.' ' I did not come that way,' said Hugo impatiently. ' What is the matter with the laird!' ' Maitter ?— maitter wi' the laird? The liard's died, laddie, and a gude treend was he to me and mine, and to your ain seP forbye, and the hale kintra side will be at the bnryin',' said the housekeeper, shaking her head solemnly. ** An- if that werena enow for my poor mistress there's a waor thing to follow. The Liird's fa 'en by his ain brither'a han's. Mr. Brian shot him this verra nicht, as they cam' thro1 the wud.' 14 By mistake, Mrs. Shairp by mistake,' murmured William Whale. But Hugo lifted his haggard face, which looked very pale in tbe glow of the firelight. said, in a hoarse, unnatural voice. ' Kicliani ? Bichard — dead ! Oh, it must be impossible :' 'True, sir, as gospel,' said Mrs. Shairp, touched by the ring of pain that came into the young man's voice as be spoke, ' At half past eight, by the dock, they brought the laird hame stiff and Etark, cauM as a stane a'ready. The mistress is clean daft wi' sorrow ; an' I doot but Mr. Brian will hae a Bair time o't wi' her and the bouny young leddy that's left ahent.' Hugo dropped his face into his hands and did not answer. A shudder ran through his frame more than once. Mrs. Shairp thought that he was shedding tears, and motioued to William Whale, who had been standing near the door with a napkin over bis arm, to leave the room. William retired, shutting the door softly behind him. Presently Hugo spoke. 'Tell me about it,' he said. And Mrs. Shairp was only too happy to pour into his ears the whole story as she had learned it from the keeper who had come upon the scene just after the firing of the fatal shot. He listened almost in silence, but did not uncover his face, ' And his mother?' he asked at length. Mrs. Shairp could say little about the laird's mother. It was Dr. Muir who had told her tbe truth, she said, and tbe whole house had heard her cry oat as if she had been struck. Then Miss Vivian had gone to her, and had received tbe newB from Mrs. LuttrelTe own lips. They bad gone together to look at Bichard'e face, and then Miss Vivian had fainted, and had been carried into Mrs. Luttrell'e own room, where she was to Bpend the night. So much Mrs. Shairp knew, and nothing more. ' And where is Brian ?' ' Whaur should he be ?' demanded the old woman, with some asperity. ' Whaur but in's ain room, Bair cast doun for the ill he has ' It was not his fault,' said Hugo quickly. 'Maybe no,' replied Mrs. Shairp, with reserve. 'Maybe ay, maybe no; it's just the question— though I wadna like to think that the lad meant to harm his brother.' ' Who does think so ?' ' I'm no baying that onybody thinks sae. Mr. Brian was aye a kind-hearted lad an' a bonny, but never a lucky ane, sae lang as I hae kent him, which will be twenty years gane at Marti'mas. I cam' at tbe term.' Hugo scarcely listened to her. He rose up with a strange, scared look npon bis face, and walked unsteadily oat of tbe room, without & word of thanks to Mrs. Shairp for her com munications. Before she h?,.] recovered from her astonishment, he was far down the corridor on his way to the other portion of the In which room had they laid Richard Luttrell f Hugo remembered with a shiver that he had not asked. He glanced round the hall with a thrill of nervous apprehension. The drawing-room and dining-room doors stood open ; they were in darkness. The little morning -room door was also Brightly ajar, bat a dim light seemed to be burning inside. It must be in that room, Hugo decided, that Richard Luttrell lay. Should he go in ? No, he dare not. He could not look npon Richard LuttreU's dead face. And yet he hesitated, drawn by a curious fimffiim. tion towards that half -open door. While he waited the door was slowly opened from the inside, and a band appeared clasping the edge of the door. A horrible fancy seized Hugo that Richard bad risen from bis bed and was coming out into the hall ; that Richard's fingers were bent round the edge of the open door. He longed to fly, but his knees trembled ; he could not move, fle stood rooted to the spot with unreasoning terror imfcfl the door opened still more widely, and the person who had been standing in the room came out. It was no ghostly Richard, sallying forth to upbraid Hugo for his misdeeds. It was Brian LnttreU who turned his pUe face towards the boy as he passed through the halL Hugo cowered before him. He sank down on the lower Bteps of the wide staircase and hid his face in pis hanHq. Brian, who had been passing him by without remark, seemed suddenly to recollect himself, and stopped short before hie cousin. The ladrs shrinking attitude touched him with pity. ' You are right to come back,' be Baid, in a voice which, although abstracted, was strangely calm. ' He told you to leave the boose for ever, did he not ? But I think that — now — he would rather that you stayed. He told me that I might do tor you what I chose.' The lad's head was bent still lower. He did not say a word. ?' So,' said Brian, leaning against the great oak bannisters as if he were utterly exhausted by fatigue, 'so — if you stay — you will only be doing — what perhaps he wishes now. You need not be afraid.' ?? You are the master ? now,' murmured Hugo from between his fingers. Itwaa the last speech that Brian would have expected to hear from his cousin's lips. It cut him to the heart. ' Don't sav so !' he cried in a stifled voice. 'Good God! to think that I— /—should profit by my brother's death !' And Hugo, lifting up his head, saw that the young man's frame was shaken by shudderifig horror from head to foot. ' I shall never be master here,' he said. Hugo raised his head with a look of wonder. Brian's feelings was quite incomprehensible to him. 'He was always a good brother to me,' Brian went on in a shaken VDice, more to himst-lf than to bis cousin, ' and a kind friend to you so long as you kept straight and did not disgrace us by your ^conduct! You had no right to complain whatever he might do or say to you. \ou ought to raoam for him — you ought to regret him bitterly — bitterly— while I— I ? ' Hugo, when the pause that followed Brian's speech had become insupportable to bim. ' If I w.re only in his place I should he happy, ' said Iiriau passionately. TTicn he turned upon Hugo with something like fierce ness, but it was the fierceness of a prolonged and half-suppressed agony of pain. *' Do you feel nothing ? Do you come into bis house, know-ing that he is dead, and have not a word while he lived ? Come with me and look at him— look at his face and rememlier what be did for you when you were a bov — what he has done for you during the last eight years.'' He seized Hugo by the arm and compelled him to rise ; but the lad, with a face blanched by terror, absolutely refused to move from the spot. ' Not to-night — I can't— I can't !' he said, his dark eyes dilating, and his very lips turning vvhite with fear. '* To-morrow, Brian Bat Brian briefly answered, 'Come,' and tightened bis grasp on tbe lad's arm. And Hugo, though trembling like &a; aspen kaf, yielded to that iron pressure, and followed him to the room where lay all that was mortal of Richard LuttrelL Once inside the door, Brian dropped his consul's arm, and seemed to forget his presence. He slowly removed the covering from the dead face and placed a candle bo that the light fell npon it. Then he walked to the foot of the table, which served the purpose of a bier, and looked long and earnestly at the marble features, so changed, bo passionless, and calm in the repose of death 1 Terrible, indeed, was the sight to one who had sincerely loved Richard Lottrell — the strong man, full of lusty health and vigour, desirous of life, fortunate in the possession of all that makes life worth living, only a few short hours betore ; now silent, motionless for ever, struck down in the hey day of youth and strength, and by a brother's band ! Brian bad bat spoken tbe truth when he said that he would gladly change his own fate for that of his brother Richard. He for got Hugo and the reason for which he had brought him to that room, he forgot every thing except his own unavailing sorrow, his inextinguishable regret. Hugo remained where his cousin had left bim, leaning against the wail, seemingly incabable of speech or motion, overcome by a superstitious terror of death, which Brian was as far from suspecting as of comprehending. In the utter silence of the house they could hear the distant stable-clock strike eleven. The wind was rising, and blew in fitful gnats, rustling the branches of the trees, and causing the window panes. It sounded like the knoc* of someone anxious to come in. The candles flickered and guttered in the draught ; the wavering light cast strange shadows over the dead man's face. Yon might have thought that his features moved from time to time ; that now he frowned at the intruders, and now he smiled at them — a terrible, ghastly smile. There was a footstep at the door. It was Mrs. LnttreU who came gliding in with her pale face, and her long black robes, to take her place at her dead son's side. She had thought that she must come and assure her self once more that he was really gone from her. She meant to look at bim for a little while, to kiss his cold forehead, and then to go back to Angela and try to sleep. She took no notice of Brian, nor of Hugo ; she drew a chair close to the long table npon which the still, white form was stretched, seated herself, and looked steadfastly at tbe uncovered face. Brian started at the sight of Mb mother ; he glanced at her pleadingly, as if he would have spoken ; but the rigidity of her face repelled him. He hung M** head and turned a little from her, as thought to steal away. Suddenly a terrible voice rang through the room. ' Look !' cried the mother, pointing with one finger to the lifeless form, and raising her eyes for tbe first time to Brian's face — ' look there !' Brian looked, and flinched from the sight he saw. For a Btrange thing had happened. Although not actually unusual, it had never before come within the experience of any of these watchers of the dead, and thus it suggested to them nothing but the old superstition which in old times caused a supposed murderer to be brought face to face with the man he was accused of having killed. A drop of blood was trickling from the nostril of the dead man, and losing itself in the thicks black moustache upon bis upper lip. It was followed by another or two, and then it stayed. The mother did not speak again. Her hand sank ; her eyes were rivetted upon Brian's face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he knew well enough in his sober senses that tbe phenomenon they had just seen was merely caused by the breaking of some small blood-vessel in the brain, such as by the impression of tbe moment that he walked out of the room, not daring to justify himself in his mother's eyes, not darinc to raise his head. After bim crept Hugo, whose teeth chattered as though he were suffering from an ague ; but Brian took no more notice of his cousin. He went straight to his own room and locked himself in, to bear bis lonely sorrow as beet be might. A formal inoutry was made into tbe cause of Richard Lnttrell's death. Archie Grant's testimony completely exonerated Hrian, even that no positive blame coald be attached to anybody for the sad occurrence, and that Mr. Brian Luttrell had tbe full sympathy and respect of all who knew him and bad known his lamented brother, Richard Lnttrell of Netherglen. So the matter ended. Bat idle tongues still wagged, and wise heads w ere shaken over the circumstances attending Richard Luttrell's death. It was partly Mrs. LuttreU's fault. In the first hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bitterly of the share which Brian had bad in anifia^ Kichur.i's death, she had spoken to Doctor Minr, to Angela, t) Mrs. to show in irhat direction I.t-r thoughts were tending. With the first two her words were sacred, but Mrs. Shairp, though kindly good woman realised what she was doing, the whole household, nay, the whole country side, had learned that Mrs. Luttrell belief her second gan to have tired that fatal fchot with the intention of killing, or at least of maiming, his brother Richard. The Grants, who had spent the day of the accident at Ketberglen, were, of course, chatter. They confided to their intimate friends in mysterious whispers that the brothers had certainly uot been on pood terms ; they had glowered at one another, and caught each other up and been positively rude to each other ; and they would not, go out together ; and poor Mr. Luttrell looked so worried, so unlike himself ! Then the irothers were interrogated, but proved less :asv to 'draw.' Archie flew into a rage at ;he notion of sinister intentions on Brian's part. Donald looked ** dour,' and flatly ?efused to discuss the subject. But his -efusal was thought vastly suspicious by the nany wiseacres who knew the business of ivervbody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During the days before the funeral Brian jaw almost no one. He lived shut up in his jwn room, as his mother did in hers, and had interviews only with hu lawyer and men who came on business. It was a sad and melan choly bouse in those days. Angela was invisible : whether it was she or Mrs. Luttrell who was ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandered about the lonely rooms, or shut himself up after the fashion of the others members of the family, and looked lifri* a ghost. After the first two days, Angela's only near relation, her brother Rupert, waa present in the house ; but his society seemed not to be very acceptable to Hugo, and, finding that be was of no use, even to his sister, Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the house seemed quieter than it had been before. The funeral took place at last. When it was over, Brian came home, said farewell to the gueste, had a long interview with Mr. Colquhonn, the solicitor, and then Heated himself in the stndy with the air of a. man who was resolved to take up the burden of hiB duties in a befitting spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm ; he seemed aged by ten years since his brother's death. He dined with Hugo, Mr. Colquhoun and Dr. Muir, and exerted himself to talk of current topics with courtesy and interest. Bnt his weary face, his saddened eyes, and the lane pauses that occurred between his intervals of speech, produced a depressing effect upon bis gueste. Hugo was no more cheerful that his coosm. He watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet Beemed afraid to meet his eye. His silence and depression were so marked that * tbe doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colquhoun. ' I did not think that Mr. Hugo would take his cousin's death so much to heart,' he said. 'Do you think he does?' asked Mr. Colquhoun drily. 'I don't believe he's got a heart, the young scamp. I found him my self in the wood, fTMwjiiing the bark of a tree near which the accident took place, yon know, en the morning after Richard's death, as cool as a cucumber. 'I was trying to make out how it happened,' he said to me, when I came up. ' Brian must have shot very straight.' I told h**' to go home *-th^ *' Do you think what they say about Brian's intentions had any foundation f asked the doctor. ' Not a bit. Brian's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. She's as hard as flint, life a bad look ont for Brian, fle'e & mined man.' '* Not from a pecuniary point of view. The property goes to him.' ' Yea, but he hasnt the strength to put up with the slights and the «Mmd«i which will go with it He hae the pluck, bnt not tbe physique. It's men like him that co out of their minHni or commit suicide, or die of heart- break — which you doctors call by some other name, of course — when the world's against them. Hell never stand it. Mark my words — Brian Luttrell won't be to the fore this time next year.' 'Where will he be, Colquhoun? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains. . He won't do anything rash.' ' Hell be in his grave,' said the lawyer gloomily. ' He'll be enjoying hi'iwplf in the metro polis,' said tbe doctor. 'Hell have a fine house and a pretty wife, and hell laugh in oar faces if we bint at your prophecies, Colquhoun. I should have had no respect at all for Brian Luttrell if he threw away his own life because he had accidentally takfn 14 We shall see,' said the lawyer. (Tobt Continued.) 