ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. POLITICAL PERPLEXITIES. [By Hugh Kalyttos.] Scene — The Attorney-General's Office. Members of the Ministry sitting in various attitudes, all looking very lugubrious except Downer, who is still confident as nsnal, and sternly firm. Newland mops his eyes with his handkerchief, and looks nervously at his chief. Howe, bronzed and sunburnt from his bunny-Ude travels, wears an ill-concealed expression of anxiety, and Cockburn has a hall-confident air which his attitude belies. Downer (dramatically)—Now rise, my soul, superior to the hour, And bold me firm in my extremity 1 Why should I yield because a city crowd Doth yell and clamour for tbe Parliament— By voice of Clements, and of Singer too. Ail demagogues, wbo have no stake at all ? Newland (quakiiy)—Did tbey not hit it when they boldly said We had no policy to go upon, And were afraid again to meet the House With shoddy schemes 7 Downer (indignantly)—How often, Newland, have 1 dropped on you For talking when you've not been spoken to 7 Just hold your tongue; you have nought to do With policies except what I contrive. Howe (in a deep husky voice)—I've been up North All (interrupting)—Among the rabbit pests; We all know that; you put it into print. An interviewer from tbe daily Press Has sucked yon dry and sweued yonr self-esteem. Downer—Have done with banter and attend to me. This is a matter we must boldly meet, For dire defeat is hanging over us When members meet andchew onr policy. Cockburn (drily)—Like some tough steak that hath no nutriment. Howe—Vie been up North The Premier (without regard for tbe feelings of his colleagues)—Oh 1 shut up, Howe Can I confront them with so weak a team, And bear tbe burden of the coming ills 7 No, colleagues, we must haste to reconstruct, For Bray will leave us as sure as eggs are eggs. He has bis work to do with Crooke's Bank; And all his wits are needed thus to meet Tbe troubles that have fallen thereabout. Newland (snappishly)—Oh 1 he's afraid, and now is backing out. Spenee (savagely)—There flows the venom of a little mind. I do not hold that Bray is all onr strength— In fact, I think he is the weakest point; But never will I say that John backed out From being funky of the coming strife. Howe—I've been up North— .Downer—Ay, so you said. Now, reconstruct we must, but how to do't? Cockbum—There's Charley Kingston, can't we take him in? Doutner (in pious horror)—Nay, nay, good Cock bnrn, we'll have none of bim. Besides he did abuse me might and main But yesternight, and swore we'd not outlive another week. Howe—And quite correct he was. I've been up North (The Ministers all look at one another and each reads in the othei's face doubt, nervousness, and an ill-concealed dread of corning events. Bray comes in, and all look with uncertainty upon his face, which betrays nothing.) Dray—See now my colleaeues. I must now stand out; So much demand Is there upon my time, I trust that you will quickly reconstruct. And hold your heads up higher than before. (All look very doubtful.) Take my advice and get a strong man in. (Calls the Premier aside, and whispera the names of those who should be sacrificed.) Some must be martyrs to I heir country's good. (After some whispered conversation, they separate to think over the situation, and Newland remarks with a chuckle, " There is at least one consolation forus- if we all go out, our successors will only get £800a year.") Some people say that if you give a native a shilling he will most probably ask you for a pocket to put it in. Which is at least true in one case. A native was recently telling a gentleman how hungry he was and received a shilling, immediately after which he said in a whining tone " please, gib me old trouser, this one got no pocket and me very cold," An old pair of pantB were given him with the query—would he like anything else ? Native I —"YeB, me wantum old shirt, coat, and weskit." These were given him, thinking he would then be happy; but he immediately asked for some tobacco, He then started off but soon returned, asking for a pipe and lucifere. He did not require a hat as he had two on his head at the time. A young gentleman not long in the colony, who wears spectacles, recently went on to a sheep station to gain colonial experience (or try to). He talked much of his spine | after the hounds in the old country, so it was thought he was a good horseman. He bad to go out mustering shortly after his arrival, on the morning of which day he made his ap pearance decked out in leggings, long spurs, and bran new slouch hat, and evidently thought himself the very essence of a bush man. The horses were all ready, but when the new chum mounted his steed he had for gotten to unfasten the bridle from the post to which he had tied him. The Manager notice ing thiB fact called to bim to come on, but the poor horse could not come. The roar of laughter which came like a volley from the old bushmen can be better imagined than described. N.C. could not stand the roasting he got ever after this and left in disgust. He was not cut out for the bush. He was an impecunious man, and had been □p on an unsatisfied judgment. The plaintiff demanded payment of his claim at the rate of 5s. a week. " Five shillings a week!" quoth the debtor aghast, "why, I don't earn that." "But you are in work." "Oh yes, lam in work." " You don't work for nothing, I suppose." " Well, next to nothing; I get my tucker." Here the Court broke in, "Ordered to pay fid, a week—first pay ment forthwith." He owed £4. Oh! creditor, have patience; that Cd. a week will be paid off in time. It is not like the midshipman's allow ance—" a farthing a year paid quarterly." A native was employed recently to chop a pile of wood. A price was agreed on, and on the evening of the second day Jimmy re ported that he had finished the job and wanted his money. His employer naturally went to sec how he had done it, when, to his surprise, he found that Jimmy had hidden some of the largest and toughest logs in the pile without cutting them. "Hallo! Jimmy," he ex claimed, "you have been doing some scamp ing ; pull down that pile and cnt these logs." Jimmy—" First time yon pay me to pull 'em down pile, then I chop 'em." Hugh Kalyptns_ remarks : — Kaiser Wilhelm says as to his health that the only thing he has to complain of is his great age. Well, that is a trouble he has found growing upon him as it were for the last eighty odd years. Yon vas oldt, Kaiser Wilbelm, der newsbaber raid, I)er tew locks dot vas let you tos ere;; Bat dere's youthfulness still in der brains of year bead, Cod you hat still got some yoaks lor to say. You tbs oldt. Kaiser Wilbelm, mit gathering age, Und your step is not light as it vas, But yon sdill coldt a blace on bolidigsl adage To asg efery day " vas is das V You are oldt, Kaiser Wilbelm, mit blenty ot years, But you didn't tub gife ooo der ghost; You vas manly, old Kaiser, mitont any lean, Cud you sdOl vas now ruling der roost. You vas oldt, Kaiser Wilbelm, but don't yon miail dot. Ye vas all getting oldt py-aud-py; Cud ve efery one must go zome dime to pot, Ven der Angel of Death been come nigb. You res oldt. Kaiser Wilbelm, bnt Tot is der yoos Of liring all dimes on dis earth ? You ras go. Kaiser Wilhelm, mit sbirit let loose, . To anoder andmoro better berth. You ras oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, wobl! dot tos so goot: You baf lived here blenty of dimes, TJnd now you vas going mit honour and years To reign in more betterish climes. You vas oldt. Kaiser Wilbelm, and Bismarck vas too, Und Ten they vas "ill yon avay Skoost asg for a blace in der sky himmel blue For der Bismarck, und get him to stay. 