A YENDEEAJST VICTIM. The Teeeible Sageifice of a Sistee toe her Bbotkeb's Life. Three -women were -watching an approach ing storm from their oozy sitting-room in the Castle of Theix. When clear, one could view from its windows the whole Bay Morbihan, or the south side of Bretagne. But now the sky was covered with lowering clouds, and the shades of eveniug were falling fast. The sultry atmosphere thickened ; big Tain drops came splash down, and forked lightning danced on the white-crested waves. The storm that had been brooding all the after noon broke in real earnest. One of the watchers, a young girl, aban doned her post of observation, exclaiming: " What a terrible storm we shall have!" Deep sighs escaped the lips of the other two, the elder one saying: " Where is oar poor Paul to-night ?" She was interrupted by an old servant bringing in lights. They sat down at the table, each one seemingly bnsying herself with some needlework. One of the girls, suddenly looking up from her work, saw that her mother's eyes were filled with tears. She flung her arms passionately around her neck, caving tenderly j "Be comforted; Paul will return. Fate will not be so cruel as to rob you of your son, Xiouise of her betrothed, and me of my brother. Why should we be alarmed ? So far we have received no bad news." " 'Tie the silence, Marie, that is so terrible. For three long months we have heard nothing, absolutely nothing. This suspense could drive one mad. O God where is my darling son ? Is he sick, wounded, imprisoned " She did not dare to pronounce the word that would destroy all her hopes. - j Marie's thoughts flew to the bloody battle fields, where the defenders of the kingdom were fighting against the victorious republic; j to the gloomy prisons, where they awaited, j dsuntlessly, their death; to the forests and i ravines, where they hid from their pursuers, might be her brother, the last descendant of a 1 brave noble family, the only hope of her aged i mother. Madame de Turgis, who was living with her daughter and nieoe in the Castle of Their, had miraculously escaped from the persecu tion which had befallen at that time not only the nobles, but all that were loyal to their king. Until now she had lived in peace, although her son had taken an active part in these struggles. But what alarming fears, what anxiety for the absent one, prescribed and pursued! But these fears had to be hidden, for in those days no one could be trusted. Friends and servants were suspected, all could become traitors. Only among themselves could they unburden their hearts, bewail the state of their country, speak of the atrocities com mitted, and bope for the day when all this would be ended. Madame de Turgis possessed one true friend. It was their old servant, Henri. He loved his mistress dearly, and would have sacrificed his life for her. He was the only one they trusted. The clock struck nine. Henri appeared and set the table for their simple supper. While he was thus employed, Mdme. de Turgis asked him if he had heard any news. " None, my lady. Yes, the fisherman has told me that the fate of those poor prisoners has not yet been decided." " The poor soldiers 1 What will their fate be ?" asked Louise. " They undoubtedly will be murdered," re plied Marie. "If only Paul —" She stopped abruptly. Did he accompany Charette, who was still fighting victoriously ? Had he joined Sombrenil, or had he succeeded in leaving France ? Tain questions! They knew nothing, and dared not to a«k. Henri had just served soup when the bell rang. The joyous barking of a dog was heard. "That's my brother!" cried Marie in glad surprise. Henri disappeared with lights. Deep silence reigned, only interrupted novr and then by a peal of thunder. A quick step was heard, the door opened, and a young man stepped into the room exclaiming: " At last 1 at last!" He clasped his mother and sister to bis breast. Then Iiouise stepped forward. He held out his arms to her, and enfolded her in a fervent embrace. Madame de Turgis was nearly distracted with joy ; her eon was once more with her. She ordered Henri barricade all entrances to the castle, so as to guard them from every surprise. All her fears were now allayed. She had only one thought; he is here, he is saved! "So you will take part in the coming cam paign ?" Madame de Turgis asked at length, after they had conversed for some time. "Yes, dear mother," said he. "All the survivors of General Charette's followers, of whom I am one, had united with the force ■under Sombrenil's command. Some of our soldiers held Fort Penthievre, on the Penin sula of Quiberon. The contest at the foot of the fort lasted four days. Nothing had been decided until we bad been betrayed most treacherously. Our troops were faced on one side by the sea, on the other side by the sea, on the other side by the columns of the re publican army, which advanced rapidly. What a horrible sight, this desperate human inass, whose only choice was either the ene my's bayonets or the roaring waves. The English fleet which had landed us made no attempt to assist us. Some, furious at the double treason, plunged their swords into their breasts, while others blindfolded their horses and precipitated themselves into the Waves." "But you—you, my eon, how did you escape?" "Our division covered the landing-place. "We sought to defend our brethren. Some boats were sent by the fleet, but teo late. Only few could reach them. We fought as long as we could. Our rescue was impossible; we were compelled to surrender. Sombrenil offered his life for his soldiers. His magnani mous offered was not accepted. We were j snrronded on all sides, brought to Aurey, and thrown into prison. A few of as conld escape in the general tumult." " Thank Grod you escaped ?" Paul nodded assentingly. " Will those unhappy men be sacrificed ?" asked Louise. "Notwithstanding their surrender?" ex claimed Marie. " Hoche would respect it," answered Paul. " But there is Tallien. Away with those sad remembrances. How happy I am to be with you again!" "And you shall not leave us," said Madame ■ de Targis, warmly. " If necessary, we wiJl hide you, so that you cannot be found, even if a whole army came to look for you. It is to be hoped that better times will come. The general opinion is that peace will soon be de clared. Then the wish of my heart will be falfilled." She glanced meaningly at Paul and Louise, the warm blood rnnnmg to the cheeks of the latter. " We will lire united in this spot, where your father and I have spent so many happy days." Paul made an attemnt to smile, but the expression of pain that flitted over his features did not escape his sister's eyes. He kissed his mother's hand, saying: " If your happiness depends on me " "Only on you, my son. Therefore, be careful; then everything will be well. But you are tired and drenched by the ram, and it is already II. Notwithstanding the joy I feel at seeing you, I would not rob you of your sleep. To-morrow, my child, we will see each other again." The young man seemed to obey unwillingly. He paced the room several times, looked at the pictures and furniture, which he had not seen since lie -was a child. Ho bent over Louise's work. " Is this for me, dearest ?" lie asked. " Yes," slie answered, " mother and Marie have also worked for you." " My dear Marie," eaid Paul. | He turned toward his sister, exchanging a . look of deep sympathy with her. Had 8he seen aright, or was it only a delirium. She thought his eyes were moist. _ He suddenly stepped up to his mother and kissed her good-night. He embraced Louise and Marie most fervently, and quietly left the room, as though through a forcible resolve. Madame de Turgis and Louise also retired to their rooms, while Marie remained to attend to some trivial matter. Insupportable thoughts crowded upon her. What was the horrible fear that clutched her heart—that stopped her breath? Was her brother in danger ? She slowly ascended the stairs leading to her room. Having arrived there, she longed to see Paul once more. She stepped out on the balcony and softly approached his window. The curtains were drawn back. Her brother knelt beside Mb bed. His hands were clasped above his head, as if uttering a passionate prayer. Marie listened intently; she heard deep-drawn sobs. At las^ he raised himself; his face was deadly pale. He set a small alarm clock, and placed it on the table. His sister did not dare to dis urb him. She re turned to her room. As soon as she had entered there was a knock * at the door, and Henri, the old servant, appe ared. " What is the matter. W hat has happened to my brother?" she asked, with half- stifled voice. " Oh, mademoiselle, you alone can save him ; you alone can keep him from going ; you—so dearly loved " " What is it F Speak, Henri!" " He will be shot to-morrow if yon do not prevent it. The prisoners in Auray were sentenced to-day • to-morrow at daybreak they will be shot at Vannes." " And my brother ?" _" He also is sentenced to death ; but he gave his word of honor to return if he was allowed to see once more his beloved ones. Matthew, the groom, has been in Auray. There he has heard all the particulars. How shall he be savpd ? What is to be done ?" " He gave his word of honour," she said in slow measured tones ; " the promise of a noble man must be kept." " He will not break it. This evening he said to me :' Henri, wake me at 4 o'clock ; be careful that no one will be disturbed.' I hive promised to do it. I must awake him to meet bis death—flie son of my mistress, the child I have worshipped as an idol! O God, why did you not spare us this I" While the old man was thus lamenting, Marie's face flushed, her figure seemed to grow more erect. She surveyed herself in the op posite mirror with something akin to pride. Then she said, quietly : " My brother must nofrdie ; he shall not die. Do not awake him—everything will be well." " I will do just as you say, mademoiselle. What would your mother do if she did not possess him ?" Henri left her. His fears were allayed by the tranquil words of his mistress. Marie felt that there was but one course left. Yes—she would succeed. The moments were precious j it was already past midnight. She seated her self at the table and wrote a few lines, leaving them unsealed. She cut off her heavy mass of dark hair and placed it beside the note. Then she stole noiselessly into Paul's room. He was sleeping soundly, being completely ex hausted after the exertions of the day. She stepped softly to his bedside, gazed on him ineffable fondness, kissed him with a scarcely perceptible touch on his lips. She took away the clock and his clothes. Upon the threshold she paused. " Farewell," she murmured, huskily; fare well. May God protect you." After returning to her room, she hurriedly dressed herself in his uniform and east one more glance into the mirror. She stepped back surprised, the resemblance was so great. Only a mother could have known sister and brother apart. The resemblance that had so often gladdened them when children was to save her brother's life. She went to the stable, and there found Paul's horse ready for the morning. She vaulted into the saddle. She threw a last look up at the walls of the castle, and rode off on her way to Vannes. The morning sun just appeared in the east and flung out into the sky its banners erf crim son and gold when Marie entered the gates of Vannes. The town was already in commotion. The streets were crowded with people. Follow ing the throng, she came to the prison where the prisoners of Quiberon were assembled. Just as she arrived the roll was called. Marie waited. " Paul de Turgis!" replied a gentle but firm voice. Marie joined the ranks of the soldiers Her heart throbbed wildly. She had taken her brother's place, and was acknowledged as he. The first division of victims, consisting of seventy men, was headed by General Sombreuil. Solemnly they marched along. Marie's com panions were to" occupied with their own thoughts to detect the deception. She trembled lest her plan would be thwarted. If possible she would have quickened her steps. At last they arrive at the place where the execution was to be held. A priest offered a prayer for the repose of the unfortunate vic tims' souls. Marie looked unflinchingly at the files of musketry before her. The com mand was given, a sheet of flame flashed forth. Marie reeled and fell; a ball had en tered her heart. The clock struck six when Paul awoke from his deep sleep. In deadly terror for it was already day, lie sprang from his couch. Jlis clock, his uniform, were gone. He seized an old hunting suit dressed him self quickly, and hurried out of the room Henri rushed up to him with upraised hands* " What time is it ?" said the voung man ! desperately. ^ate»" l^e °ld servant answered tremulously. " Miserable man, you know not what that is to me 3" " I know it; it concerns your life." "It concerns my honour, and that is more. Hurry and get my horse. I must go away ; without disturbing any one. I wfehed to see them once more. That was tl e raason of my coming. I have giren my wtrd to return in time. jSIow, away, a way." At that moment Madame de Turgis came rushing up to him. Alihovgh they had spoken m hushed voices, she had heard part of their conversation. She was extremelv agitated. J , is the matter? What have I heard ? she gasped*. " Keep him back ; the prisoners, of whom he is one, will be shot this morning." " My son ! mv son ! You must not die. Your death will be mine !" She clapped him in her arms as if to draw him from the brink of a precipice. In the meantime Henri hurried to Marie's room, hoping that Paul could sot withstand the united entreaties of mother and sister He knocked again ; still silence reigned! J±e took an old servant's privilege to open the door. He hastened back to his master, who tried to free himself from Iioui«e s embrace, who had also been aroused from hep sleep. * has gone; her bed llas not been touched! One thought flashed simultaneously through their mmds. They rushed to her room. Paul was the first to see the note It 3ontained the following:— I Dearest Brother,—You shall not die, and jour honour shall be saved. Live and com fort our dear mother. Tell her not to grieve for me. I gladly give my life for yours. Farewell, my beloved ones! In Heaven we will meet again. Maeie. " And shall I let my sister perish ?" cried Paul, wildly. He rushed away. At the foot of the stairs stood liis groom, who looked as if he saw a ghost. " It is really you, master ? Who was then the victim who wore your uniform ?" " It was my sister! Oh, unhappy mortal that I am 2 She has sacrificed herself for me." He pressed both hands against his breast all the blood seeming suddenly to stagnate about his heart. He felt as though life and senses were forsaking him, and then, struck as it were by a flash of lightning, he fell sense less. Madame de Turgis, despite her inex pressible grief, felt that she must do every thing to save her son. She almost blessed the unconsciousness that had oome over him. After the swoon had passed away be was raving with fever. Often he cried : " Paul de Turgis—here !" or " fire " Then again, " Keep her back, keep her back !" The same day, Louise, disguised as a pea sant girl, and accompanied by Henri and their groom, went to Vannes. The dead—over seven hundred—were still awaiting their burial. After an hour's search they found Marie. Her glassy eyes still betrayed the restless look with which she had scanned the distance, fearing to the last her brother's arrival. Louise raised the still, oold form and kissed the lips closed for ever. Her re mains were placed at the foot of the altar in their chapel, where two years afterward Paul and Louise were united. Many days and nights — many weeks— passed before Paul de Turgis knew what was passing around him. He recovered in lime, but wbat he had suffered was known only to himself and heaven. He was given back to light and love, but— at a high price—a sister'e sacrifice.—Tran lated for the Argonaut from the French by Lois. 