THE MELBOURNE CUP, I886< Hero's a confusion, cxcitoment and labor, Just 03 they're going to start for the raco; Er'ry one striving to distance his neighbor In gaining n viow from a suitable place. Tho horses are down at tho post in q cluster, And Watson is trying to get thein in linos With colora so gay, what a glorious muster I Steady my boys ! or you're In for a fine. It's no use you trying to bustlo the starter, You'll havo at the finish tho worst of tho deal. For believe mc, Old Gcorgo is a bit of a tartar, Who'll flno you a tenner right straight off the reel. What's that playing up In tho violet an ! ycllowj? Some mischief Ml come from that brute of a nag ! Hark I the stroke of the boll, and a thundering bellow " They're off " from the people as down goes the flag. For a furlong at least you can scarcely discern 'em, Till somothing at last makes a rash to the front, In n jacket as bright r.s the golden laburnum ; His bolt will be shot when he's half through the hunt. Now approaching the stand Highland Chief makes the running, With Booika and Bravo, Crossfire and Kings Own, There's Alee on Treuton, and Mick looking cunning, With Lancer aud Salvo and then Little John. Menotti shoots out before reaching the river,' While, pulling two-double In front of tho itick, Is Trident, tho hope of ten thousand, who quiver With fear that their favorite may meet with bad luck. Monte Christo and Hexham arc close on his quarter To stall off a jostle, if one should be tried; MAddelina, old Xcckcrsgat's fleet-footed daughter Is next on the rails with Ilea Bolt at her aide. Already the yokels arc picking the winner, The one they huve backed and have marked on the card, Whilo perhaps all the tirao he may uot be a "spinner," But out for au airing to hoodwink Barnard. That man on your left has come up from the west'ard To back Little Jobu, who he thinks will run well, He backed htm for Ciiulflcld, and constantly pestered Ills friends to do likewise, but oh 1 what a sell' Now they're got past the bridge and the pace is improv ing, Menotti is dono and retires to the rear, While the favorite and Hexham both forward are - mov ing, And Britisher leads as the sheds they draw near. The turn In a second or two they'll bo rounding ; First into the stralghtls the tiling to observe, rt's Hexham I with Arsenal ! racing and bounding; Lord William and Trident arc next round the curve. Here's Mnlua ! Grace Darling 1 KccalH and then Metal I And Silvcnnine shepherded closo by Ben Bolt, The black horse to-day is In wonderful fottlc, His rider Is watching the Cocoanut colt. Now the draggle commences and Arsenal's failing. Sheet Anchor comes through aud takes Britisher's place, Grace Darling looks dang'rous, and close to tho railing Malua with ten atono up is well in the race. Ben Bolt cries n go, for the pace Is tremendous, Loid William ami Trident are now In tho lead, By horses and riders the work Is stupendous, As onward thoy come at a terrible speed. There aro only five in it, and riding like thunder The riders of Trident, Lord William. and " Grace" Seem certain to fight it out, barring a blunder. For ouoof the three most be first In the race. Eighty yards from the chair, and the uproar Is fearful, The books and the backers will yell themselves hoarse. Some faces turn haggard, whilo others arc tearful, And yells of Tbo Favorite 1" resound o'er the coursi. But Silrcrmlno comes like a shot In a second, . With Malua on hb girth, thirty yards from the post, And those who on Trident had steadfastly reckoned Tuni sick aud look ready to giro up tbo ghost. It's over, but nobody knows what has won it, TBI after a minute the number goes up, Announcing that Ike, the nstuts ono, has done it, Ana SILVLUMINE gains the first place iu the Cup. Malua by a short neck Is only defeated, Graco Darling b third, with iter hoad closo to hh; Come across to tho bar if you want to be treated, For tho "Canlfleld division" are swimming in fix". H. 