Chapter L.—My Two. There was an inquest; there was a police investigation; the papers were filled for a time with accounts of the Fitzehurseham mystery, and the attention of the public was turned to the place in a manner which made the best of its residents very uncomfortable. The ordinary Fitzursehamite, however, was proud of living in a place which had a mystery and a violent death ; and was sure to make a boast of the fact that he knew Christian Pilgrim, and that he used to see Walter Fitzurse every day when Fitzurse was quite a boy. For a while the stoty of Jethr® Merridew's sudden death got inextricably mixed up in the public mind with the tragedy in the old church, and indeed some people will never succeed in getting them properly separated. A philosophic person might have found some pleasure and profit from observing an illustration of the growth of the myth evolving itself out of the daily developments of legend concerning the life and death of Jethro Merridew and Christian Pil grim. One rather popular theory was that Christian waB Merridew's son, and conse quently the brother of the circus woman; that Walter Fitzurse had made love to her and then abandoned her; that Merridew died of grief at seeing what a wreck she had become; and that Pilgrim tried to kill Walter out of reveDge, and, failing in his purpose, endeavored to escape, ^and was accidently killed in the effort. As far as the more intelligent part of the public were concerned, Romont's evidence made the whole story clear enough. Pilgrim's reason had suddenly deserted him; and Walter Fitzurse's assailant was for a time a mere maniac. From what may be called the Bow street point of view Fitzurse, was in no wise to be blamed. He was defending himself the best he could, and, but for Romont's interven tion, he would have been killed. The event made a terrible impression upon Fitzurse. For a while his whole nervous system was so shattered that it did not seem certain his life or, at all even's, his reason, would not go. He was taken to Fitzurse House and cared for there by Mrs. Pollen. When he was getting a little better Janette came to see him. They had a long interview; no one present, of course, but these two, the husband and the wife. The result told very briefly by Janette was, that they agreed to separate, he to go to the United States and try to make a way for himself there; to do him justice it was he who insisted upon this. Then, after a time, if their affection for each other seemed to return they could come together again. "Something tells me," said Janette, with solemn eyes looking into the eyes of Mrs. Pollen, "that we shall not meet again." Mrs. Pollen thought, in her secret heart, that it would be just as well if this prophetic warning were to become verified, but she did not say anything of that kind to Janette. "She loves him still—after all," Mrs. Pollen thought. " If there is anything in him he may have a chance even yet." Meanwhile, the hope was something for Janette to live on, despite her boding; and she was, perhaps, not altogether unhappy. Her sister Alice clung to her now with a plaintive and eager affection, praying for her —for all her love. " You must give me all your love, Janette; you must, indeed, now that he is gone." They buried Christian Piigram in the old churchyard. His body lies just near one of the paths that lead to the wall overlooking the river. Yinnie Lammas must have trodden on that very earth that night she ran across the churchyard to fling herself into the water. Jethro Merridew sleeps in the churchyard too. His daughter was at his funeral, and comported herself quite decently, people said, consider ing that she was a circus riding woman. To days of excitement succeeded days of re action and depression to some, at least, of our friends at the rectory, The rectory was for the most part silent as the grave. The journey to Egypt was still talked of; but of course every one knew by this time that Camiola would not go, and Lady Letitia and Janette somehow did not seem as if they had animal spirits enough between them for such an undertaking. The rector strongly urged it, believing that they both needed to be _ shaken upon and that the very inconveniencieB and discomforts on such a journey would do them good. He did not much mind about himself; it was part of his business and his duty to put up with things and not to want to get away from his post. Mrs. Pollen and Camiola_ were talking over all this one evening, Camiola stayed now at the rectory and no w at Fitzurse House. She had taken almost altogether to Fitzurse House since it had come to be known at the rectory that she would not go to Egypt and what elee that determination on her part implied. Camiola had been pouring out her soul to her friend concerning her love and her happiness; and after a while she went on to say that there were some shadows over her happiness too, and that these came out of the general sadness which had settled upon the rectory. "You see I am afraid that I am part of it part of the cause of it." "Not so far as Janette is concerned." "Oh no ; I didn't mean that. I was think ing of Lady Letitia, and I am still sorry for poor Georgie. I suppose he is unhappy; but I couldn't help that; I couldn't marry him. Why should I ? Bertie is all the world to me." "I always told you so; and you wouldn't believe me. I tell you something else now, Camiola. I am not afraid of hurting your vanity my dear, for you have hardly any to hurt, I don't believe Georgie will remain long unconsoled." " Don't you, really ? If I only thought that I should be so glad. Don't you really ? You are almost always right, however you get at things." " Well, he was always too hysterical for me; I have not much faith in that sort of thing. He was like a child, the more you try to keep him from a thing the more he wants to have it. No—Camiola, he won't die of love for you or any other creature that ever put on a petticoat." " I wish I might hear of his getting mar ried," Camiola said thoughtfully. "There must be girls who could make him happy and whom he could lov9. There is a great deal that is lovable in him." "Is there? I suppose so; I never could quite see it, but I dare say it is so. Well, I haven't the slightest doubt that he will get married very soon, perhaps before you do." " I hope so," said Camiola, and there the talk ended. Mrs. Pollen's words might have been taken as prophetic. The very next day Camiola re ceived a line from Lady Letitia enclosing a telegraphic message from Cairo. " Georgie to Lady Letitia Lisle. "Dearest Mother—I have found happiness at last. I am married to a charming and noble-hearted woman, Agnes Clements, widow of Major Clements, who was killed in South Africa. We are devoted to one another; tell father; I hope you will both be glad." Mrs. Pollen and Camiola looked at each other for a moment in a sort of bewilderment, and then both at once broke out into a peal of laughter. Their mirth was ringing still when Rom on t entered the room. " I wonder who she is ?" Camiola said. "Oh, I know," Mrs. Pollen answered; "I know her very well. She was very pretty; she is a dreadful little flirt." " Was very pretty?" " Yes; in a sense she is very pretty still." "Still? Good gracious, how old is she?" "Not old at all," Mrs, Pollen said demurely; " I should call her young, in fact. About my age, dear; running rapidly into the forties, I should think; at all events into forty. A very nice age, don't you think ? If he happens to be rather too young, that'3 not her fault, you know; she would be younger still if she could, I daresay, I knew her in Cairo. She makes up ■ wonderfully well; you have no idea how nice she looks in evening dress and by lamp light. I should think she would settle down and drop flirtation now that she has got a nice young fellow to marry her. And just to think, Camiola, that you were really going to throw away your youth and your life, and your love —to say nothing of Bertie Romont, here—on a creature who could be consoled so soon by a woman like that." "I don't suppose I ever really could have done it," Camiola said apologetically. "You never could have done it," Romont said, "because I never would have allowed you to do it; not if I had to carry you off like Lochinvar. I never felt very much alarm about it." "Can she make him happy, I wonder?" Camiola asked. "I shouldn't wonder," Romont answered. " These regular hack flirts sometimes make very good wives for the sort of men who like them. I shouldn't like them myself, but every man to his taste, Our friend Georgie appa rently does." "It's a good lesson for one's vanity," Camiola observed, gravely. " I might have thought he was dying for me." "Fact is," Mrs. Pollen said, "they don't die," "Don't they?" Romont asked. "What about poor Pilgrim ? I am convinced that love was in one way or another the cause of his death. He went mad, I grant you, but it was love that did it 1" " Then I will put it differently," Mrs. Pollen said; "the men one wouldn't mind dying for never die for us." "I would die for you," Romont said, "if you wanted me to, and if Camiola would give me leave." " But she wouldn't, and you know it; and that sort of dying is easily done. I feel very sad about poor Pilgrim all the same." The journey to Egypt was of course given up now. Lady Letitia felt no very passionate longing to see her son's new wife. The cam paign was all over, and Georgie would pro bably soon come homo. Lady Letitia felt wretched over the whole affair, and perhaps could not quite keep from secretly blaming Camiola because she had not married Georgie at once and out of hand, and so prevented all pusaiiiiiicy or his eyer marrying the fading widow. "Our only hope must be that she will not fade too soon," said the rector, with a determined eff< it to make the best of things, "and that his glamor may continue, so that she may not fade for him. You see, Letitia, he would never have done for a girl like Camiola. Although he is our son we can't help admitting that, can we ?" " No, I suppose not. Bertie Romont is cer tainly much better suited for her " " Oh, yes, ever so much better——' "And as it couldn't be our son, St. George, I am very glad it is Kitty Romont's son that is to get her. I positively will go and see Kitty Romont again. Fancy all that has happened since I saw her last!" It was arranged that the marriage of Romont and Camiola was to take place very soon, and was to be altogether a quiet affair; the married lovers were to go to Italy; the Lisles were to go to a German bath, taking Janette with them; the whole encampment wa3 about to break up; some going off to be happy, others to make the best of things. The soft sweet autumn was fading already into a mild winter, and Mrs. Pollen, Camiola, and Romont were standing one afternoon on the lawn of Fitzurse House. The marriage day was coming near; the lovers would soon go away. They were talking over many things past, present, and to come, with their friend, whom shortly they were to leave. Amid all their happiness there was a certain sense of sadness at the thought that they were to part. So many things had happened lately that it did not seem altogether possible for their lives to settle down again into the familiar grooves. There were occasional moments of silence. " I suppose you haven't thought yet," Mrs. Pollen said, " of what you are to do with your self in the way of a career. What is he to do with himself, Camiola? Is he still to be a professional philanthropist ? Is he ever to be Joseph the Albanian again ?" " Oh, no," Camiola said hastily, and then suddenly corrected herself. "Yes; I think he shall be Albanian Joseph sometimes tor my exclusive benefit. I think he must wear the mummer's disguise on every anniversary of the day when he rowed us on the river; don't you remember that day ?" " Yes, I remember," said Mrs. Pollen. "I think you, too, must see him on these great anniversaries, Mrs. Pollen. We must have you." " If I am anywhere near," said Mrs. Pollen. "If you are anywhere near?" Camiola asked, surprised. "You don't propose to be very far away ?" "The question is," said Mrs. Pollen, " what I am to do with myself now? I have lost my right-hand man in Christian Pilgrim. 1 don't like the look of this place while his memory is still fresh upon it. I seem to see the stains of his blood everywhere round. I shall go away for a while, and travel with Yinnie Lam mas, although I am rather sick of travel, and I shall be lonely. "Come with us," Camiola and Romont ex claimed in one breath, and they really meant it. Mrs. Pollen smiled tenderly on them both, and said:— " Come, now, that would be shabby and sel fish cf me, would it not ?—to inflict myself on your honeymoon ? No, my dear pair of happy lovers, I shan't do that. Perhaps I shall ask you to keep this place for me after you get back to England, and while I am still thinking things out and not certain what I shall do. You see, I am not quite clear whether on the whole I have made a particularly good thing out of my at tempt to put matters all to rights in Fitzurse bam. I wonder whether Pilgrim might not be alive, and Janette Lisle unmarried, and Walter Fitzurse still spooning on little Yinnie Lammas if I had never come near the place ? 1 begin to think I had better leave Providence to manage things for the future and not take on me to intervene." "If you hadn't come," Camiola said, " what would have happened to us I wonder; to Bertie and me ?" "Ob, well, I fancy Bertie and you would have come all right anyhow; I am sentimental enough still to believe that when people love like that they are not to be kept asunder. But I don't feel satisfied with the'general outcome of my attempt at administration; and, indeed, it generally seems in the world as if the more some of us tried to do good the less we succeed; and we had better just be commonplace and discreet and let things alone. I am an unlucky woman, I think. Well, I'll go away for the present. Perhaps I may come back; although the most graceful and poetic thing would be now to disappear and never be seen here any more; and be always an odd sort of memory or myth in Fitzurseham. Who knows but that I might in time get turned into a legend and be regarded as a saint or a ghost, or some thing of the kind ? Wouldn't that be better?" "You are a saint to me—a patron saint!" Romont said. "Am I, really? Well, is not that another reason while I should go away, and stay away, and live on always like that in your memory and in the memory of my handsome Camiola, who is looking so particularly grave just now " "I can't bear the thought of your talking of going away and staying away," Camiola said, with tears rising in her eyes. " My dear, you make me very happy. You two," Mrs. Pollen said, '-'and you make life seem sweet to me. You mak« me young again. I shall drag but a lengthening chain, you may be sure, at each remove that takes me farther from you. You have done a great deal for me, and whether I am here or whether I am there, near or far, I Bhall nave you with me always in my memory and in my heart, you two; my two." The bold dark eyes were moist as she spoke, and she took a hand of each in hers. The End. 