jfnbU-EB AND SKETCHES. >nii j| ?iiii.gtoi> or Period. Wli : '= _ lie M not come too late." That was tho ley JsUnS f telogrnm which Captaiu wh'jiard Irton hold in his hand as ho sat, olaiiKjtomporaturo of 109 in tho slindo, vorandnh of his Indian liunga- iis. fiDo not como too lato ?" ho mnttcrod if'il IMinsolf. By Jovo, as if it woro pro- 'dtj thnt bo would dawdlo now I It Im-'rjust Iiko Mrs. Lonnox to sond bucIi scoMffmg wiro ns this. Ho might hnvo n a long timo mnking np his mind, outf it was mado np now", and ho meant Z"Mhomo an( mBrry 'ior' n wns i"11 bcr.tMOttcr that hnd sottlod tho mnttor — Aci(|ettor in whioh sho hinted thnt Lord of tsftborn wns nwfnlly " mnshod." No, 'Hasn't going to stand by nnd boo itoj rotliy Lonnox married to a oad liko n riortliorn. Ho had been a wholo year, "s t'rominded himself, in this infernal ' !tion, with its furnaco heat, its inano jfnjjisip, and its ontornal tonnis and polo, Uowjho loathed tho Tory sight of his fraijor'a wifo, with hor whito oyolaslies, JfMnnlicious gigglo, and her flirtilig pro®10 1 od And then ho thought of Mrs. Lonnox. lOOKremombored tho first night ho had JUI| lior — in tho ballroom of a great nooUo in London— and how ho had soon mtlLfjsurroundod by a dozen other follows, mitjjhow ho had "mado tho running," had ont ont all thoso outsiders, ho rocollocted tho call ho had paid 1 n'tt day at hor tiny houso in Park witrtet, whon sho had boon so swoot nnd < icoful, nnd had talked to him as no ;r Jnnn had over talked boforo. Ho ' l|'t go in for brains or any of that It but, by Jovo Dorothy Lonnox ,1 lae him fool nnothor follow. Ho Ingbt of tho cool amber-tinted room nbatro sho nlways sat, with its drooping rivtjna, its masseB of.azaloas, into Itajon j, wjoings, and its bluo-nnd-whito Nankin, oajfans always cool and cosy in Mrs. ofluox's houso, and sho had a way of gulfing a fellow's hand and looking him jjUpusly in tho eyes which was quito .hcjfeistiblo. Horomomborcd how it had : Ajpmo almost a habit to drop in of an >I>t|rnoon, to lounge on hor soft divan, '.a a listen to hor half-chaffing talk and low doliciouB laugh. And whon a . .plan is douccd good-looking as wall as onlfcor, why, what is a follow to do? ahaps it was wrong to rnako lovo in Plto such a.sorious way as.ho did, bat, bHS il. ! sho wasn't a kitton, and bIio snfikt havo known ho wasn't tho marry- I'jBort. It is trno thoy had talked a !cjj of nonsonso, and it had ondod, tho ,k|J boforo his leavo wns up and tho icdimna loft Portsmouth for Bombay, in 'extolling hor sho wns tho only womon Jjfjjreally carod for at all, in a good deal ,lc|pnssionato kissing, and finally in a lwBdsome rolling noisily oror tho stonos 'jsSVatorloo Station. y rail that was a year ago, hut ho hadn't i ifgottonlior a bit — worso luck. And ledjfflottors — how awfully nico thoy woro I J liko kersolf ! Not spoony, like tkoso bnroto to her j hnt frank, humorous, , lofthoroaghly Von camarade . Hang tofin t it was mnoh oasior to koop honrt- '.'"mIo in London than in this sultry and cjMiotonous hole. Ho had managed to fcfjulo compromising himself dofinitoly i rail when ho hnd gone to bid Mrs. "retinox good-byo, although ho had boon qJBlously noar proposing to hor that last aajgning ; but ha had got away, and 9\. tithing had boon said which would havo b'M him down to an cngagomont. .'"Spick, in his roving life, had committed jfjery folly oxcopt that whioh ho con- olfierod tho hnghost folly of all — tho folly ' Graying yourself to ono woman for life. 1 .Is reraombered how ho had congratu- fed himself on all this when lio went off hoard tho Jumna. "WnBho, tho bost- o liking follow nnd keenest sportsman rl,l?tho 150th Hussars, to knock under „jlte any spoony young snb, tbo moment ; kIsS mot a pretty Woman ? But now. iTpibgs woro changed. Ho had novor "ufigninod, somehow, for hor marrying JtSin ; ho had got to look upon hor nft&o; or loss ns his own. "When sho had f rattan that lottor with all tho allusions 'fey Shorthorn in it, his blood had fairly, "jailed. Ho didn't rogrot a hit the letter ti|| had written in roply, tolling hor he owls loaving India tho very day ho oould lift ieavo, and asking lier to bo his wifo. "after, all why shouldn't ho marry? ,Sa was over thirtv. and he had had, as ijje remembered with a smilo, his " fling." ibfibo othor followB in his rogimnnt usod "tp ohnff him nnd call him " casual," nnd n'aaid that ho noyor did to-day what lio Di&uld; put off till to-morrow. But that "was nil nonsonso. Ho coutd mnko up fiio mind liko other mon — ovon to mat rimony. And horo was hor nnswor to his lottor: "Do not corao too Into." iWoll, ho had got his leave, and would bo pith hor in throo wooks, oil Mrs. Lonnox wns tko sort of woman tfthout whom pcoplo's tongues nro always wagging. Hardly was hor Into husband borno beneath nodding plumes to IConsnl Green. than sho was married, in por- h'spcotivo, to nt least a dozon admirers, r Sho was a great snceess in sooioty, for bOBidos boing a charming woman, sho " was a fashionable poetess, writing words b'for Tosti's songs, nnd publishing small I: volumes of oratic verso, bound in white v 'parchment and printed on oxtro thick 'i paper. Tall and slight, with smooth !' ,'aark linir and liquid oyoa, bIio had a fnco j fpU of character nnd determination. To look at Mrs Lonnox was to know that ' she wns a womnnwho rnpidly mado up !f"|fiir mind, and who, once having done so, was not likely to alter it. But two years \- few passed away sinco hor husband s death, and this ninoteentU-contnry Sarpho hnd not consoled herself. And tben came tho Dick Irion episode. '.frit was n bright morning in Juno when '"Captain Irton arrived at Charing Cross ' Station, thoroughly fagged nnd woariod with his long journey. He had como fiB, fast ns P. and 0. steamers can bring a man from Bombay to the Strand, /. But in a couple of hours ho hoped to I .liava rid himself of nil signs of trnvol to liavo got insido a dooont coat, and to bo in the "shady 'drawing-room in Park Street, with Dorothy Lonnox'B soft arms round his neck. Ho felt very sleepy nnd somewhat nggriovod, for lio hm! nnrsod tho unroasoning bopo of scoing her nt tbo station, although sho could not possibly know exactly whon ho would arrive. Ho had atartod by tho vory noxt mail from Bombay, so that writing would havo boon useless. Ho felt, indeed, that ho had answorad her telegram in a vory practical fashion. How ovorjoyed sho would bo to havo him back I Ho hopod it would not bo too mnoh for hor— seeing him saddonly again liko this. So, throwing bimsolf on tho bod in his room at tho Grand Hotel ho falls asleep. ' Whon Diok woke it was throo in tho afternoon. Tabbing and unpaoking took an hour, and then ho had to go ont and bay a tall hat. After this lie directed tho cabman to tlia . houso in Park Stroct. Tho slmdy Mayfair stre6t ' . lookod bright and ploasant as his hansom rat- tlod along, tho houses smartened up for tho soason with now blinds, and window boxes full of daisies and spires. A light breozo blow in his faco, and a couplo of fair-hoaded girls in pink cot ton mado a brigoi patch against tho groy-toncd houses. By Jovo I liow awfully nico it all was after India ;,,A man might ho vory happy in London with a charming' wifo who would know how to give littlo dinners, and tho olab, nnd tho theatres, and tho Park. Pulling up at tho houso, Dick's jaw foil. Thoro was' an awning from the door to tho kerbstone, with a crowd of narsomnids and urchins gaping on oacli sido. Tho stroot was full of carringos too. What did it moan? Then Dick romomborod that Mrs. Lennox gavo a great many afternoon pnrtioB. Well, it was doucod dissapointing, ho said to himself, whon you had como all tho way tho way from India to soo a woman,, to find sho wns giving ono of those infernal kettledrums tho very day you arrive. Insido tho houso thoro was the usual elbowing, woll-drosssod crowd that you sco any afternoon in tho Boason in May- fair. Boys in groy coatB with pink carnations in their buttonhole jogged old clubmcn in brown coats and whito gardonias. In tho dining-room hook nosed dowagors woro foraging for ices, while on the landing frisky matrons loitod with thoir temporary swains. On tho stairs Dick mot a woman ho knew an onthusiastio girl of forty-threo, who was dressed in more juvonilo garb than whon ho bad last soon hor. .\1 ar moring, " Charmed to sae yon book — happy occasion !" sho tripped past him. " Happy occasion, was it 7" said Diok to himsolf, wishing his gashing acquaintance and tho rest of tho gnosis nt tho bottom of tho son. It wonld havo beon a happier occasion still if ho conld bavo found hiB Dorothy alono in hor ambor-tintod room. Whon Captain Irton reached tho door, ho could boo Mrs. Lonnox standing in tho midst of a small crowd of people, who all seemed to bo talking at onco. By Jovo I how " fetching " she lookod in hor silvor-gray gown, with a hugo bouquet of orchids, and that gray tnllo thing sho had on hor head I Was that a now fashion, Diok wondered, for women to woar bonnets at thoir own " at homes " ? And thoro was that osb Shorthorn oloso beside hor, with a particularly fatuous and gloating ex pression on his faco I . It was high time ho had written, Diok thought ; it was high time lio had como. Why, tho follow was far gone — ovor linad and cars ; Dick could sco that by tho way ho appropriated Mrs. Lonnox with his oyos. Then ono of tho oirclo moved away, and Dorothy turned and ' saw Captain Irton at tho door. Slid looked as if sho had soon a ghost.. Coming forward, ho took hor hand, and then lio saw that Bomothing was wrong. Without awo'rd sho motioned him' into nil adjoining room, which for tho moniont was ompty. " Good God !" sho whispered, " why havo yon como now ? I wirod that you woro not to como. that it was too late. I wrote, too, bat you cannot havo got my lottor." Too late, Dorothy I what do yon mean? Your telegram said ' Do not come too late.' Woll, I started tho noxi day." " Poor Diok," sho said at last, " what a droadful mistako yon havo made I ' Do not come, loo late,' wns tho mosBOgo I sent. Did yon not romorabcr that thoro nro no full-stops in telegraphy? I was married an hour ago to Lord Shorthorn. Como in, nnd let mo intro duce you to my husband." . And this was Dick Irton's littlo miBtnko. There are no fall-stops in telegraphy, but whon, ton minutes Inter, Dick saw Lord and Lady Shorthorn drivo off amidst showers of rico and slippers, ho know that ho hud had a moral full-stop which ho would romembor all his life. 