A 2JATAL OTGHT ATTACK—XEW STYLE. AX MliTOKD HaV£>"_ I took up my position in a small steamer in close proximity to the defended channel "which, it was the object and intention of the besieger to endeavor to force. The main object of ihs attack, from an educa tional point of view, was to learn the -value of torpedo-boats to the defence,and, further, the best protection of mining defences by guard boats and the guns of a neighboring fort It has been already shown by similar attacks upon mine fields unprotected in this way that the removal of such obstacles is a simple enough affair Consequently the de fended channel was placed immediately under the gnns of the Stack Hock, which is an island-in the centre of what I may call the angle of the haven, and a heavy boom, consisting of huge spars chained together, and floating in all sorts of un comfortable positions across the channel, was moored nearly abreast of the rock. Upon this channel then, some 700 yards wide and perhaps three times as long centres the interest of the evening. The main attack was ordered for nine o'clock, but by half-past seven the sound of a heavy gun made U3 jump up from the dinner table five miles off in MHford. The first shot was followed by others, and by the time we got tc our anchorage in the position described, almost abreast of the Stack Hock, and commanding the whole of the advanced mine field, the whole of the attacking fleet was enveloped in a thick cloud of smoke, through which the electric light from the forts tried -vainly to pierce. The object, indeed, of this cannonade appeared to have been the producing of just this thick cover of smoke for the protection of the small boats, with which they were preparing to attack our defences, for the fleet and the forts are supposed to be out of range of each other, and the forts, instead of replying, devote their attention to sweep ing the whole haven with their powerful electric lights, and striving to" peer through the smoke. All but that battery of artillery which, stationed on the southern cliff opposite to the Stack, and behind us, represents a fort of 13-ton gnns. Apparently this glorification of their little 16-pounder has gone to their bead. Any way they have a ton and a half of powder, and they mean tonsoit. So they bang away merrily at an invisible enemy, and are speedily joined by the riflemen in the camp adjoining,who have Bo notion of being left oat in the cold, and whoso rifles are apparently sighted for about 5000 yards. Meanwhile, however, the enemy's chance is also ours, and under cover of the smoke I make out a couple of long shining hulls that flash iu the electric light and disappear again as the torpedo boats dart iu upon the fleet. Bang ! bang 1 go the machine gun3 as the boats are discovered, like the rattle of muske try, while a couple of sirens give forth the most car-piercing shrieks in warning of their approach. All is smoke and flashing lights, siren yells, and the roar as of Pandemonium let loose. We can see nothing of what is taking place, but five minutes later the brave little fellows come back through the safety channel which lias been left for them, all of them safe, having discharged their torpedoes (in imagination), and speed off to the Valorous a mile in the rear for fresh torpedoes to renew the attack with. The little picket boats which are guarding the mine field come back too, driven in by the enemy's torpedo-boats, two of them hoisting the masthead light, which shows that they have been ruled out of action. What they have done exactly we know not. Indeed, while it i6 easy enough to sit on shore and write an account of a ! naval fight in which all the ^reports of individuals shall be combined in one general result, and then to imagine that one saw this thing, in actual warfare, or even in this mimic presentment of it, we I cannot see much of what is taking places What iye do see. however, is a magnificent sight truly, and one well worth coming to this out of the way corner of the world to see. Overhead, in a cloudy sky, the moon is struggling feehly to force he way through the fleecy veil which hides her light from us. Around us and be hind ns it is dark, quite dark,save that in a semicircle on the inner side of the bay a hundred twinkling eyes of light remind ns of the ihousand human eyes that are looking, as we, from tho decks of the yachts that cluster about us seaward, to where that brilliant cloud of smoke, pierced by twinkling lights also, and broken by flashes and showers of sparks, shows where lies the Channel Squadron hotly engaged with an invisible enemy. A. brilliant cloud, I have said ; for, indeed, the chief beauty of the sight is the way in which a cloud of smoke under the electric light expands into a halo of silvery mist. The effect of these electric lights is amply wonderful- ?rom South Hoop Fort, on the north shore,two great beams sweep the whole bay in different directions, visible throughout their whole course, and projected like solid columns of radiance upon the black - ness of tho sky beyond- IS carer to us the Stack Hock keeps a steady light upon the boom itself and surrounding objects, daz zling us from time to time by flashing full upon us, and effectually shutting out all view in a blaze of tire that makes our eyes swim for some minutes after it has been turned away. These great lights move slowly and majestically over the waters, crossing and reerossiug in endless com binations, reminding one for delicacy of the beautiful caustic curves formed on the inside of a china teacup on a brilliantly lighted table—a teacup truly for the gods, but one in -which there is no little storm notwithstanding. Suddenly, as the ships awake to a sense of their own danger, a more beantxral siglit still comes upon us as they net oat their own electric search lights, and move them rapidly round them on all slues, like nothing so much in effect as some fairy watering her "arden with a hose which sprinkled fire instead of water. So close IS the resemblance that I seemed aluiosi to hear the swish as the light swept round „rcr il.o ourfuec. A grand sight, tmly - but, as I havo j aaid,one in which attacking and attacked, i victor and vanquished, are all swallowed j up in a cloud of glory, but amid* smoke and ilaine and pyrotechnics on a scale which would make Sir Brock turn green with envy and all nncharitableness. But ! now we are vouchsafed a sight of the real business. Bo you see those dark objects yonder creeping aeros3 the mine field in silence ' All 2 there is the light upon them, and there, moreover, with a roar that shakes our deck under us and rever berates in thunder from the cliff behind us, is a gnu from the Stack Kock. They are discovered, these boats, but they rush on for the boom, while the Stack fires great gun after great gun at point blank range so close that we see the great shower of sparks that accompanies each discharge,and from the top a dozen machine guns pour down a hail of bullets upon two little black objects clinging to the boom. Back drifts oue of them after a minute, and there is a flash, followed by a hissing sound and a scattering of water in all directions. "'You are out of action,** sings out an umpire's voice across the clear, calm surface of the water, as the gunfire slackens for a moment. A chuckle is the answer, and as the boat drifts down under our quarter I hail him. "What have you done 2" " Blown up the bally boom" is the reply, with another chuckle, as he hoists his position light and drifts into the open channel. He is a sportsman, liow erer, this one, who has no notion of allowing an umpire's decision to interfere with his enjoyment. The momenthe is out of sight, down goes his light up goes his helm, and he is in the thick of it again. Ten minutes later he is hanging on the boom again, firing a rocket to warn all combatants ont of dangerous distance while he fires a big charge. " What are yon doing there 2" yells an umpire, speeding up in a steam launch. " You have been put out of action twice over." " Well, you might let me fire this charge," is the injured reply, as our friend makes off again unsuccessful. There is a determined attack now upon the mine field, and while two or three swift l oais draw off the fire from the forts a couple of small pinnaces have laid a line of counter-mines, and before long the boom has been blown up in two places, and the advanced urine field is tolerably clear. All this not without casualties, of which, of course, the um pires have to judge. From a theatrical point of view the realism of the scene was most catching. We held "our breath when these black figures clung to the slippery spars under the fire of the guns, andbreathed a sigh of relief as they darted away after laying their charge. As I said, a wonderful piece of stage realism, if nothing more. I wonder what Kelson would have thought of it alL If his ghost, which, if it visits any place in the world, may naturally enough be sup posed to linger about Lady Hamilton's bower, not so many miles from here, could have stood by my side last night, would he not have been more struck even than I at so unfamiliar a sight 1 Look on this picture and on that: that fleet of wooden ships, whose trust was in the stout hearts that manned them,sailing into Trafalgar with that historic signal flying from the old Yictoiy, knowing no better plan than to sail in and win, no better rule of action than to "trust in God and keep your powder dry and this other fleet— how differently armed, how differently shotted, how differently handled- There beams of fire to show the enemy, whom aforetime we marked only by the flashes of his broadside ; there picket boats and torpedoes, mines and countermines—all the engines oi modern warfare, yet handled by men onning the same allegiance, animated by the same spirit. Such are the thoughts which pass through one's head involuntarily at suet a moment. For there is" an instant ol calm and stillness, and the little swel' which was on the water when we steamec out has died down, ashamed of its own little splashing when so great a hubbub is going on above. Now shoot up Roman caudles, red and green. What comes now ? The Stormcock, under cover of a heavier cannonade than ever, is rushing down upon the boom, followed by a line ofguuboat8,openrngnowuponthe forts as they come within range. It is all over in a few minutes, though, fortu nately for my. space. No boat could live for many miuutes under so fierce a fire as that which burets upon the devoted ship in full blaze of the electric light from three forts at once, while our own gun boats in the rear of the mine field open fire on her too, at short range. Small wonder that she is ruled out of action before she can reach her destination ; but sbe either cannot or will not stop, and goes crashing through what is left of that much abused obstruction before she hoists her light and sheer3 off into the non-combatant channel. Apparently one of the gunboats is similarly situated. At all events, they find it impossible to force their way through without the support of the heavier guns of the fleet ; so they too beat a retreat, and a silence falls over the waters of the bay as three rockets go up from the Stack Rock to denote the cessa tion of hostilities, and the moon, with one final struggle through the clouds, which yet cling to her like a young girl around her departing lover, rides out in a clear sky to light us home*—. Pall Mall Budget. 