POLITE PATTERSON. " Dead men tell no tales. Humph ! I know better. Never believe such an absurd assertion, madam." It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance and a hat of the wideawake style, who made this remark to me ; and ho came upon mo in the woods between L and S , very much as though he had been a ghost. Of courso it was not consistent with the laws of eti quetto that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that if Mrs. Grundy herself should encounter in tho woods a gentleman with such wild oyes, and such a curious way of rolling them about, that she would think of anything but mollifying him. Certainly I did not. I at onco agreed with the stranger, and walkod rather faster than before. I trust you are not afraid of mc, madam," said tho stranger, noticing this lattor fact. "I sincerely trust that my abrupt address has not alarmed you. I have been so long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair ornaments. I have no card; no matter. You're not alarmed, madam Y' I said I was not. "As I saw you piss the spot where I lay urnlor the trees, madam, it struck mo that you were exactly tho person I desired to confide in. I consequently hastened after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to warn you that if you desire to be rid of a troublesome person, the very worst way is to kill him. Shut him up if you can; chain him in some back dungeon; but don't kill. him. If you do, you never can got rid of him again—never, I assure you; never. You can lock and bar a living person out, but dead ones come to you in your most private rooms, aud stand at your bedside when you wake in the night, sit at your table, follow you whenever you go." Here he looked over his shoulder, and I involuntarily looked over mine. "If you're jealous of any one, madam, don't kill her—no, no, no; it's very foolish." " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him, "could bo more foolish .than to. kill any one." And I was glad to know he held to this belief, and hoped ho would continue to hold it until I reached the farm house of the Simpkinses. "I am glad we agree so well,"'said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I olfer you my arm over this rough pathway!" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if ho pleased, he mast excuse me. I was obliged to hold up my ^ess. Ho instantly assured me. that my word was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the circles in which I moved," ho added; "but since then I've become a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes, I nover should ""have killed him, "°ver." I involuntarily gave a small shriek! " You realise at once how very foolish was," said the tall gentleman, twisting wideawake, and lifting his eyebrows than I ever saw any man lift them "but—yes—I killed him. I was fond of her. ller name was Pamela beauty—a belle—an heiress— however was nothing to me. I loved her for herself; and she smiled lipon me came, aud he was younger, handsomer, better than I. Ah, yes, much better, much better. A pattern young man.' Mothers begged their sons to imitate him • I—Well, I confess, madam that besides being called Polite Patterson I had : been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send'me I know, and who cncouraged him. liked me—poor Pamela; but I was driven sway liko a dog; and I saw her with him, talking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss her. At that , moment something happened to my I've never mentioned it to any one, but I tell you now in confidence I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed him. Beg pardon. Did I step on your dress!" I said, "Oh no, not at all/' in a muct meeker bleat than tho previous one. "It was said of me iu those old days before my grand mistake, that I never trod on a lady's dress; hot all is altered now " said the gentleman, resuming the wideawake which he had snatched off . as he bowed his apologies. "Yes, yes. In my native town there is a long street well shaded with trees, which is known as Long-road. One evening, just in the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I walked a little behind him. He took his hat oil, that the breeze might coo his head, I suppose. Oh, what beautiful curls ho had! How well he walked. On his little finger was a ring—a diamond. I knew he had bought it for her, that he would give it to her that night. I began to hate him as I never hated him before. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if he wero dead ho would bo out of the way. " I carried, in those days, a pocket-knife. I drew it from its hiding-placo. It was sharp. It glittered in tho light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind him, but I had trodden so softly that he had not heard mc. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French lovo song. The knife I plunged into his back stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake." If I could only 6oe tho red roof of the farm-house. If only the 6un were not sinking so fast. I thought. But the vista of leafy shadow spread long before ine, and I dared not even hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," ho said; a very great mistake. He lay on his face there in the moonligLt, aud I hoard him moan onco or twice, and then gasp for breath. After a while lie was still. Then I stoopod and touchedhim. Howcoldhewas! Onthelittle of she hand that had clutched the tuft cf soft, spring grass in bis dying agonies, her ring glittered. It look at me in the moonlight like a demon's eyo. I rushed away and left him lying there. ITo one would ever know that I had killed him, Where do you think I went, madam ? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been there before for months, but I strodo straight past the servant and into the parlor. The window' was open. There were no lights in tho room, but the moon fell across the floor, whiter and brighter than I had ever seen it before. Sear the window sat Pamela; but before I could speak, I saw that we wero not alone. Some one had entered at the door with me, and passed before me now, and sat down beside her. It was the man I had just left lying dead in Long-road. I saw his sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on his little finger. I saw him take the ring off and put it on her finger, and as he turned to do so, I saw the knife I stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. " I don't know any more about it. I don't know what I said. There was a trial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in coffin, and five minutes after sitting on a chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For instance, now. There he comes! Excuse me for leaving you. I used to be called Polite Patterson in my youth. I know I should escort you to your door; but I can't introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you—to any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatched off his wideawake, made a low bow, and dashed away into the woods again ; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my life. In five minutes I met little Tommy Simpkins driving home the cows, and in five minutes more was safe within the farmhouse, where I narrated my adventure. " Good gracious I" said Mrs. Simpkins. " I wonder you're alive. Why, that's the loony gentleman that lives in the hollow. He must have got away from the man that watches him. I believe he did kill a young man who cut him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung only they found out he was crazy. He was in an asylum a long while, but hie are rich, and they haie kept him ow. I believe ho's not dangerous, but he s rather queery." At the time I considered this a mild description of Mr. Patterson. CiprAis LANG, R.N., has accepted his old appointment ol admiral of the northern Chniese fleet, which he resigned on the outbreak of the war between France and China; and the German officers are being discharged ftom the Chinese navy, which will be under £.nRlieh superintendence shortly. A crcLONE which occurred in the Philippine Islands on November 7 did much damage in the provinces of Camerines, Alhay, arfd C o P n"; .South Oamerines the losses were 22 killed and eii missing j 8000 houses were destroyed, 24 churches, 19 convents seven barracks, 28 court-houses, and 31 schools. In North Camerines manv buildings and plantations were destroyed. In the rriDcipe district the church, the Governmentbouse, convent, court- house, two schools, and many houses were destroyed. 