A PRETTY STORY. A VERY tough story, which is vouched for, after a fashion, is going the rounds and given for what it is worth, lt is related that a Mr. 8.M. was sitting in his backyard talking to some friends, when hui attention was called to a ben with a brood of young chickens and a large rat that had emerged from hie bole and was quietly regarding tile youug chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from its hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat. Crouching low, she waited develop- ments, and stood prepared to Bpring upon his ratship. At the appearance of his ancient enemy, the oat, a Scotch terrier, which had been sunning itself in the woodshed, pricked up its ears and quietly made for the place where the cat stood. At this moment a boy came upon the scene. The chickens were not cognizant~of being watched by the rat, nor did the rat see the cat, nor the feeline the dog, who had not noticed the coming of the boy. A little chick wandered too nigh and he was seized by the rat, which was in turn pounced uponbythecat, and thecatwascaught in the mouth by the dog. The rat would not cease his hold on the chicken, and the cat in spite of the shaking she was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. It was fun for the boy, and in high glee he watched the contest and the struggle of each of the victims. It seemed to him that the stone he hurled at them was bound to hitjthe rodent. The aim was the stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its grip on the cat and fell over dead. It had breathed its last before the cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died. The rat did not long survive the enemy, and beside the already dead çkicken he laid himself down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so ?angry at his death that he is Baid to have come near making the story complete by killing the boy that killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in the yard en- street.-San Francisco Post. 