A.E.C. TnT-p-nr (SieeelechASe) Dai. {EBoac otra xelboubsb cons£srQ2a>K>T,) I S*tnrdar. I The weather has kept up gloriously oaring the week, and this forenoon, although some what gloomy and dose, gives every promise of a hue day. The attendance to-day, as on each day daring the meeting, breaks the record if ail previous years, and the profits of the V.K.C. over their spring races should be enormous. The arrangements throogbout have been admirable, the committee having worked hard to make up for the ahsecee of Mr Byron Moore, through severe indisposi tix>n. The guiding spirit of Mr Moore was, however, observable everywhere, and nothing of any importance was done without his j advice and authority. Mr Zeplin*s excellent i band was stationed on the lawn every j day during the meetiug, and pro vided an excellent accompaniment to the promenading. The catering was in Mr Straker's excellent hands, and the thousands of ladies and gentlemen who were served with refreshments in his luncheon rooms had very little indeed to complain about save a little unavoidable crashing. The accommo daSoa, particularly on Cup dny, however, was altogether inadequate, and before another year the committee of the"V.R.C. trill have to take into serious consideration the advisability of lengthening the grand stand. The best plan would be to remove the saddling paddock farther round towards the river in a semicircular direction, and extend the stand to the paddock's present limits. It is only fair to give Mr J. A. Barry and hi3 able staff of telegraph assis tants every credit for their promptness and willingness to oblige in sending through press messages. On Cup Day no fewer than twenty-five thousand words were transmitted through the prttss telegraphic office. The raring to-day opened with the Mares Produce Stakes, for which only three horses cazne to the post, viz , Volcano, Lord William, and MeuottL Odds were laid on Volcano, who went to the front immediately, krpt there all the way, and won hands down by three lengths from Lord William. A score of two-year-olds came out to battle for the Flemington Stakes. fiortense and Huntingtower, who had been heavily handicapped out of compliment to the fine form displayed by them, did not inn. The race resulted in a rather easy win for Casuist, who got away well when the fiig fell, at once went to the front, and kept there to the end, winning earily. A baker's dozen weighed out for the V.R.C. Handicap. The supporters of Ben Bolt were numerous, bat a good deal of money had been taken about him ; he was scratched. This caused Brown and Rose to become a warm favorite, but she had to content herself with third place, Bravo winning by half-a-Iength from Britisher. Right horsos ran in the Steeple chase^ and accidents were so numerous that only two finished—Lady Athtr.n and INaiive—Mr Pearson's mare wiuoin*:. Game, who was amensst the last to fall, was going well at the rime. Trenton, Cyclops, Triuent, and Tamarisk were the only four horse3 whose numbers were hoisted for the Canterhuty Platen Trenton started first favorite, but Trident was much fancied also. The result wa3 a splendid contest between the cracks, hat Trident won by over a length, he having It-d np the straight, both jockeys bring hard on their i hordes. The Free Handicap, with which the ; meeting ended, was won by Hosmsoay. who j collared Lor-I WiiLon at the distance and beat him home by over a length. The | following are paitxulars :— Mazes Psonrcz St.vszb—Sweepstakes of 10 j sovs with 100 added : serosa hor^e 100 sot; ; j and third 50 sors. Por viyrs c!d (104 sub scribers). One mile and a quarter. Son. I. Wklis's br c VoU-ano, Sit 101b (Bales) 1 ] "W. Dugaau's ch c Lord Villain (Hbrriker) 2 j Zar V. -J. Clarke's br c hlenotti {O'Biieu} 3 I Time—_Tifn 13i-er. PrESHNGTox iriAXLS—Swecp??ak-:s of 5 s> with 250 added r second horse m sovs. Por j two years old. IIalr\i-n.I*e. J. R. Crooks*!»c Gasm-*-, 7st2ihs (Ratnasre) 3>. Coopers hfOeeann. iStlOIh (?iof-erts;j-) 2 | J. Haknes" hr c Albert Loddon 7ft 71b (Walker) A Daries* br f Sumatra Ssi 71b (Moore) -f j 7 Bedouin, Yetntasu Harririnc, Pirsbrace, Aberdeen, Miranda, Glaatworih, Probation^ Jusperance, Oil riel, liedertafel, IkstX, Nec tarine. St. MiehaeL and Je- riea also started. Betting—*4 io 1 kilranda. 5 to 1 Sumatra. C to 1 «»cear$a_ S t<»X Harridan and Casuist, 10 i iol Probation. Time—52£ sees. T*£ V.K.C. Ha:%t>I3a?.—Sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 250 added. Second horse to receive 51 sots. roro>rsoid and upwards. : One mile au«i three quarters. V. K. K"rds t> c Bravo, orrs, Ost lO bs (Campbell) " 1 ] 31- Loug kiln's h g Britisher. aged; S:i 42bs (Failou) _ A P. Smart's ch ui Brown and Rose, 5vrs. 7st lolb- (G-u-b) " „1 TheVttier at rters were—Meteor. Sordic Grace Darling. Minerva. Clai-trap, iring- I master, Monte Chri-vo. First Prince, Pe-rhia, Impulse, awl Yellow Hammer. Betting—5 to 2 agst Brown and I'o=e,4 to X Britisher. 5 to X Claptrap, G to 1 L-eshia, 10 to 1 Grace Darling and 3i eteor. 12 to 1 others. Brown and Rose was fho firs: to eel away, after a good start, followed by Britisher and | Claptrap. At the distance Brown and Rose stall led, with Rinzma^er and Claptrap closing tip, and the whole £-11 close behind. Pa-sing the stand Yellow Hammer came up with a I tremendous ru-hand t'»ok the pr* mlerposition, with First Prince next ia order, audRicgmaster. Br im and Rose, Sardius. Braro.and Impulse following in cVs* succession. 3Ionte <.'krist«> bang last. Yellow Hammer led round the bend, with Ringmaster close on his quarttir, and Brown and Rose. Impulse, Bravo, and Sardlus oa intimate trims. At the river, Yellow Hammer still jmaiutained the lead, with Ringmaster, Brown and Rose, aid First Prince so cl ^st- behind that a blanket might have covered the lot. At *hTa |>oiut Inipul--e made a game spurt, and went to the front like a fiash of Jiahtning, the other bor es maintaining their relaii e positions. At the far side Yellow Hammer, who had hitherto made the pace pretty hot, fell back beateo, and Impulse led from First Prince, Grace Darling. Ringmaster, Bravo, and Brown and Rose. At the abattoirs Grace Darling forced the running, and took the lead from Brown and l ose, the rest of field keep ing their places. At the sheds Grace Darling had put half a length between herself sad First Prince, who had ran up well. Im pulse and Lesbia bring next and Monte Christo coming up. Grace Darling was the first to enter the straight running, but before the distance pest was reached she wa? passed by Bravo and Brcwu and Rose. Then the green colors of Britisher showed conspi suaus, ^ad be wrested the second place from Brown and Rose, coming in a length and three quarters bskicd Bravo, while , kilf-a-Iength separated hhn from Brown and J Rose. Claptrap vrss fourth. Ringmaster fifth, First Prince sixth, while 3Ie*eor a^d Yellow hammer share the honor of bringing up the rear. Time—Sarin T^ec. JSxeepiechass—Handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. with 400 added- The second horse to receive lOOsors. About three Son. W. Pearson's b m RadyAehira, sged. list 111m (M'Leod) X P. Martin's b g Native, aged, list 4Ihs {Ferguson) 2 The other starrii3 were—Game, Lady Carrington. "Wlcklifie, Havslock, Moonlight^ and Curiosity. Betting—6 to 4 on Game, 4 to 1 agat Bacly Ashton and [Native, G io 1 Havelock, 10 to 1 Curiosity. . The great event of Hie day brought right starters to the post—Baiy Asaton. Curiosity. Game, Native, Haveiock, Wycklifie, and Moonl^ht getting awuy in the order named. Round the riTer bend the horses were canter ing quietly. Bady Ariiton keeping the 1a»^ lady Carrington, Game, Y.'yridifie, and Harelock stringing out brirind her. X«ady Carringtoa wa3 the first over tha first; fence, followed by Game. "Wycklifie, Hat clock, and Native, 3Ioonlb?ht last, A. the bridge Bady Ash ton passed Dady Car ington. Game, "Wicklifie, and iLavelock bring next, Native- and Blooaught last. At the sheds Lndy Ash ton again took the lead, Natira e:ght lengths behind her, and Moonlight was fast coming up when he came a cropper over the posts and rails. [Lady Carrington also came to grief over fence, which was successfully n^otiated by Game, Wycklifie, and Jriave lock, Knterjag the straight Lady Ash ton led by a dozen lengths, going easily, Have lrw[> and ftima T*r*.n v tnnd nar»V * place3and Wyclifie frilowiogat a safe distance. Coming np the straight, I^ady Ash ton led by pight lengths from Native, and nearihg home chft led by a dozen lengths, followed by Agent, who had blundered over several fwithout actually falling. Game, Curio rityandHavelock came down at the last fence, and the race remained to be contested between Bady Ashton and Narive. The mare, however, had too long a lead, and she passed *ha winning post right lengths in front of Native, the rest of the field being hopelessly distanced.* Time—Ginin51?sec. CasrEBBGBT Pt.att—A sweepstakes of XOsotf, with 40G added ; second horse to receive 1C0 50*3. Weight for age. Three milea. Hon. -J". White's ch c Trident, 3jrs, 7st 31b . {Hales} — 1 W. C- Cooper's b h Trenton, oyis, 9sfc 61b (Robertson) — 2 XT. Henly's b h Cyclops, 4yrs, 9»t ( William son) '3 r also started. Time—5min 25%?ec. Yheh Haxdicae. S, Martin's b g Homnanay, aged, 7«t X2Ih (Hales) ~ ... 1 E.W. ElKa* T-ord TOltoa, 6jr?, Sat lClb (Caapbdl) J- D. PobertsoxTs b f The 2fun- oyrs, S>t 2Ib{Fidd») _ S. G. Coo&s; ch 2i Hemes, 4jrsa Y^fc 121b (Dalton) ^ -f I The other starters Trere— Vt illirim Tell, j Pocahontas. The Ghost, Hitawa, Jim Caic, Daystar, Cestus, Tiara, and PenoL j WilHaTT TellandliOrd Wilton -cere in front I most of the Tray bat in the straight Hogmanay cazne and beat bord Y*Tlfcvn by over a length- j Kemns and The IN on ran. a dead heat for third { place. Time—Tram oSsecs. 