NEWS AND NOTES. A mail for Derby, via intermediate ports, per Otway, will be made up at 2 p.m., on Tuesday next, at the General Post Office. We are requested to direct attention to the sale of furniture and goods by Mr. D. J. Avery, which will be held at his rooms at two o'clock this afternoon. A mail for the Australian colonies will be made up at the General Post Office, on Tuesday next, at 2 p.m for transmit s sion per Franklin. We have been asked to mention that the cases entered by " The Loan and Discount company, Limited," in the Local Court against certain shareholders were not called on for hearing, the claims having been paid into Court by the defendants. JESSE The Commanding Officer of the Metropolitan Rifles requests us to notify to the members of the corps that at the parade to day they are expected to appear in glengarrie and not in helmets. 9 The Commissioner of Crown Lands received a telegram yesterday from Colonel Angelo stating that a man named Logan grove had applied for a miner's license over land near Roebourne on which he had found silver-bearing quartz. We are requested to remind our readers, among the Members of the Anglican Church, that to-morrow is " Intercession Sunday for Missions " and that the day's offertories in St. George's Cathedral will be handed over to the Society for promot- ing Christian knowledge. "Yesterday morning the s.s. JUarkowa bound from Melbourne to London, with a cargo of wool, put into Fremantle for repairs, having burst one of her steam tubes. The damage was not of a serious nature and it was expected yesterday after noon that she would resume her journey either last night or this morning. A correspondent, writing over the signature "Z," says:-" May I be allowed to point out to the City Council that a shed with wooden walls and canvass roof has been erected in the grant opposite Mr. Nesbit's shop in Hay-street, and to enquire of that body whether such a building is not contrary to the 11th and 13th sections of the Building Act ?" We have received from Mr. James Cale, cordial manufacturer, William-street, Perth, samples of a new "non-intoxicating, , invigorating American drink," called " Botanical," which has just been introduced by Mr. Cave as a refreshing summer beverage. It has a pleasant light flavour, and should become popular with the public during the hot weather. Among out-door attractions for Christmas week, a grand Temperance demonstration at Claremont is announced. The affair will assume the shape of a monster picnic, and will be under the auspices of the Temperance Societies of Perth and Fremantle. The date has been definitely fixed for Wednesday, December 29. We would remind the volunteer corps of Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford that a brigade parade will take place this afternoon at four o'clock, on the old Recrea- & tion Ground. The Metropolitan corps To will assemble at the Armoury at 3" 15 p.m. I In the Fremantle corps will leave for Perth J M at 3 p.m., and the Guildford corps at 2-15 up to pm. . ^ We have no desire to enter into a controversy with the evening paper upon the charge of misstating the facts connected with the lad Campbell's disappearance which it renewed against this journal yesterday. Such a dispute, however edifying it might be to the Daily News, could not interest the public. We may, however, state that further enquiry corroborates the general accuracy of our first statement upon the subject. The performance of the comedy " Betsy " at Fremantle on Thursday evening was witnessed by a large and appreciative audience, who frequently testified their approval by hearty applause. The cast was much the same as at Perth, the principal alteration being the assumption of the part of " Dolly " by Mr G. Fane, who played very creditably. Messrs. Haynes, Lovekin, and Sales were quite at home in their respective parts, and the comedy ran without a hitch. This evening at St. George's Hall, a novel competitive entertainment will take place. The programme should provide very good amusement, especially if the entries for the events are up to expectations. Some interest will be centred in the boxing glove encounter, while the competition between comic vocalist.", and the hand saw contest, are likely also to prove diverting. Popular prices for admission will be charged. The following names were added yesterday, to the daily list of unclaimed letters lying at the General Post Office wash- worth & Graham, J. L. Anderson, C. Bruce, M. Boyle, G. Ball). Miss E. Barrett, F. J. Brooks, E. H. Barratt, P. Craig, T. Clarke, - Dominick, A. Evans, J. England, L. Fuller, W. Gallagher, P. Gaffney, E. Gibbs, J. Tibbits, - Hurst, J. Healey, C. H. Hall, C. Jarrett, H. J. James, J. Kent, M. King, W. H. Langdon, W. H. Larson T. Milford, A. Martin, G. F. Murray, J. Muir, J. McGuire, E. D. Paterson, J. Pomeroy, F. C. Stan, L. Stead, S. Simpson, L. Terschler, E. F. S. Tuke, Mrs. C. D. Wearne, J. H. Wallis, T. R. Walker. On Thursday evening a social gathering took place at Bullen's Hotel, Fremantle Road, when Mr. James Pearce (late proprietor of the Herald) was presented with an illuminated address, expressing, on the eve of his departure from the colony, the high esteem in which he was held by a large circle of friends. Mr. Roe occupied the chair, Mr. Haynes the vice chair, and the address was read by Mr. Lovekin. In reply, Mr. Pearce said he was deeply moved by the very kind expressions of regard and esteem, contained in the address, and he felt now that lines J departure was so near, that he was leaving \- many true friends behind him. With reference to his future movements, he almost thought he could say that he was leaving Western Australia for ever, but whether he should revisit the colony or not, he would never forget their kindness, and the sentiments expressed that night. Mr. and Mrs. Pearce left Perth yesterday, by the overland mail to Albany, whence they proceed to Melbourne by P. and O. steamer. A "] bl ki the or of fur co in as to be the ice di di to th in his ex fa lil of e w, th be of of tr is L W Pte do the 26 bt in fair fe li b1 ce In B is a far til til or al li to The closing meeting of the Western Australian Commission, appointed in connection with the Indian and Colonial Exhibition was held yesterday afternoon in the Law and Parliamentary Library, His Honour the Chief Justice presiding. There were also present the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. S. H. Parker, Mr. Marmion, Mr. Gugeri, Mr Clayton Mason and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Nicolay). The Hon. Secretary informed the Commission that the expenses in the colony in connection with the W.A. Court had been about £1,500. He did not know what the expenses in London had been. He had nothing to report as he had received no communications from the Executive Commissioner in London. An amusing discussion followed on the question whether they, as a Commission, existed. The Chief Justice said that they were appointed to act until the Exhibition closed, and as it was now closed they were simply ghosts ; they had no legal existence. They had never received any official intimation of the opening or closing of the Exhibition, / nor, indeed, any communication with re i gard to it while it was in progress. "Finally, it was decided that a letter should be sent to His Excellency the Governor to the effect that the Commission having been appointed to act until the closing of the Exhibition, and having received no official information as to the opening or closing of the Exhibition, the members were not in a position to make any report upon the results of their labours, and of those of the representatives of the colony in London. Votes of Thanks were then passed to the chairman, to the chairmen of the sub-committees, to the district committees, and to Mr. A Thomson for his services before leaving 1 for London, and to the Rev. Mr. Nicolay '* "?' for" his services as secretary since the de ' parture of Mr. Thomson, and for the invaluable services he had given in the scientific department. The Commission then dissolved. In an article on the growth of freight rings (writes the Argus London correspondent), the Economist remarks that the evil is spreading to such an alarming extent that some effectual steps ought to be at once taken to mitigate their action. " It is preposterous," says the writer, " that a small body of men, mindful only of their own interests, should have it in their power to damage British trade and industry, and, moreover, should have the power conferred upon them by the supineness and shortsightedness of merchants. We believe there is no other country in Europe suffering from freight rings, and we are weighing ourselves unnecessarily in permitting their growth among us. The exclusion of competition is the principle of the rings. But if competition is to be shut out, how are freights to be fixed ? Shall it be entirely with- in the power of one of the two parties to the contract to say what the freight is to be No body of men can safely be entrusted with such a power. We hear of loading brokers in the Australian ring charging the merchants for freight £1,600 or £1,700 more than they pay the owners of the ship, and we are not surprised. It is not likely that when they can pay what they like, so long as they do not go below the market rate, and can charge what they like without regard to the market rate, they will take care to be liberal to themselves ?" The Economist would like to see the action of the freight rings tried in our courts, and believes that their mode of destroying competition would be pronounced illegal. It is said that already the fighting fund of the Australian ring, accumulated out of freights paid by merchants in excess of the market rates, amounts to from £80,000 to £100,000. In the disposal of this large sum of money the merchants have no voice. At best it will be used to prevent shippers getting lower freights, and it may become the interest of the ring to use it for favouring Continental at the cost of British ports. And, indeed, the Economist cites examples to show that such is already the case. The latest development in the operations of the ring is to obtain control of the conveyance of wool from Australia to England. Such an attempt, it is hoped, will lead to the break-up of the organisation." Referring to a passage in His Excellency the Governor's recent speech at the banquet at Albany, given by Messrs. Millar, Bros., in celebration of the turning of the first sod of the Beverley Albany railway, the Australasian says : "Have the West Australians anything to blow about A good deal, if they only knew it. They inhabit about one third of the whole continent, and are, therefore, rich in territory. They have every variety of natural products; and a particularly fine climate, the prevailing winds which come direct off the sea, being cooler and more invigorating than the currents of air which sweep over corresponding latitudes on the eastern feast of Australia, between Sydney and Cape York. Western Australia has been neglected by the colonising forces of the mother country during the past 40 years, because no gold discoveries to speak of have been made there and because the parts of the colony that have shown an inclination to spring into life, The remote from the great ocean highway or stream of trade. People who dwell out of view of the public thorough- fare-who, so to speak, spend their whole life in rural quiet-see little of the bustle of the world, and miss the stimulating effects of powerful example. This railway from Perth to Albany, or, to speak by the card, from Beverley to Albany, will bring the central and northern portions of Western Australia, where the majority of the inhabitants have settled, into electric contact with the busy world. Albany is in direct mail communication with London, Melbourne, and Sydney, but between this important calling place and Perth there is a wide belt of neglected territory, which, while not being exactly desert, stops progress. The line of which the first sod has just been turned will be 200 miles long. Work has been begun at both ends Beverley, the present outly- ing terminus, and Albany-and it is to be finished in three years. It will be paid for by the Government in land, at the rate 12,000 acres to the mile, to be selected in blocks on either side of the line. The company or syndicate who find the capital have let the works to Messrs. Millar Brothers, a well-known firm of Australian railway contractors, their price being £1,435 a mile. About the time that they finish their first contract, the Great Northern line, which is to join Perth with the Gascoyne district, will be ready for opening, and Western Australia will have about 700 miles of railway in actual use. If the West Australians have not a past to blow about, the future will soon provide them with the needful occasion." 