FREE TRADE ASSOCIATION PAPERS. m v. WOO!."AS I) LA HOUR. HY \V. H. SUTTOll, M.L.C. M.^N'v yi'aiH since tho Into ltev. Dr. .T. D. Lang was a iiitui.b of our Assembly. Ab a general rule ho wnn . silflicte I with "squattophobia." On one oc cu.-i ii tit irnd been delivering a voilent tirade of aliwHi •iifc.i.i.ist that much reviled class, the wool gi\,wor». Having completed his oration he sat liimault down by a member who wftJ n station holder an d who was also a Seotchma 1, as was the doctor. As soon u.. tiiu doctor had lecoveiod his wind, suid his neighbour, "What'sthe reason doctor ye 'iO al wi.y, piiuhing into the squatters." "Weel, ye seo," ani l In:,she's such u gran anld coo' she'll ahvpys st..n milking." My object in wiiting this" paper is 11 prove the truth o£ the doctor 8 woras, to show w tut a "gran' uuld coo" the p.is;oral interest has be.;n to New South Wales, to show how she lios Jtreji.v poured forth the streaming richness that has givon life and activity to many oilier industrial— in ahull, to show that as on employer of labor this "gran'auld coo"has been in the past, and must bu tor a long time in the future our principal soource of natural wealth and prosperity. I venture to think that this inquiry comcB at an appropriate time, when wo fiud a section of the community publishing a political programme which expresses "dissatisfaction with a policy (?) which has made our interior a sheep walk." Nature has, fortunately, or unfortunately, mailo our in teriors an ndmirable receptacle for tlio digestion of mutton, and our backs and limbs seem, from my rhoumatio point of view, at least to require garments in ,de of wool to cover them. Whether or not the <lo truction of our interior ns a sheep walk will ca .ho our interiors and outer bodies to rejoice is a m i lev for question. However, it is wortli oensidor iiig if oh up animal fool and woolon covering; ha* noi, some slight advantages to poor practical mor tals, who regard hunger aud cold and nakedness as things not easily borno with. To return to "our mutton-t." In doing so I must apologise for using Home ligures, which are always very dry reading, lint as tlio destruction of the pastoral industry is threatened, I humbly desire to point out to those who are about to wage such a fiorco war against it just in mercy,s sake to stay thoir hands whilo the 'poor little mouse makes its humble potition and bIiows causo why execution should be delayed at least for a season. In round iiumbora our "interior sheep walks" carry Fouie 3l>,000,000 (thirty-six millions) of the most useful animal that mankind lias (no doubt under very mistaken views) domesti cated. Howcvor, there they are, for some usoftil purpose let us hope. I remember once dining at a lodging house, and among the guests was a clergy man of a rather peculiar appoarano and of dcop Betialciiral voice. Stewed quinces wa3 one of the principal after dishes; and let mo say, in passing, that, a tewed quinces with crcam and sugar is a very palatable conclusion to even a saddlo of mutton. During oni of thoso pauses that sometimes will happen even in the liveliest company, our friend •with the sepulchral voice broke silonce. Tho Ghost in "Hamlet " could not have made his statement moro solemnly or deliberately. Anxious to oatoh any word to releive the monotony, wo all stayed the masticatory pro«ess and listened. " A most ex cellent vegetable is the quince ; you may bake them you may boil them,and you may make jam of them.' Well you may do tho same with the sheep, only more so. Now these .10,00(1,000, of sheep, for eomu silly purpose of their owners' are yearly de nuded of their wool. Tho amount paid directly to the persons who perform this operation is at tho rate of £1 (one pound) per hundred, or a Bum of £300,000 (three hundred and sixty thousand pound). Bo far as I can learn the average number a shearer will shear .in the season is probably about 4000 (four thousand) and here I think I ain rather over ihm under stating tho number: that means that some 9U00 (nine ihoii.-:und) persons aro employed in this occupation. Ceituiuly they aro not employed for a very long period, but they make oxocpli mnlly high wages wniie ill.' work for months is goin^ on —say from 10.-, to 2,is per day. Now tho wool hav ing been taken off must be rolled sorted and pajked and this entaails an outlay of at least another 10s per hundred sheep, or £180,000 spent on useful labor. Then the wool must be carted to the rail way, and us in round numbers tho quanity will be 80,000 tons, the average price paid will probably be some £3 per ton or i>2-i0,000 moro. Now these Bums amounting to £780,000 go direotly into the pockets of lhose who call themselves the "working men " and from them it passes away to moro work ing men who have it to supply thier wants, to shoe makers and tailors, tobacco growers and makers, harness makers, wheelriglits, and blacksmiths, and others too numerot b to particularise. Now to this spring season haneBt from the wool shoaring, I must add the amount paid in manual labor. There are at least 36000"boundary..riders," at a cost of of about £70 per annum each? equal to £252,000. Then there are overseers aud storekeepers and book 1 keepers required, whose wages will probably total a sum of £150,000, which bring up the annual wage paid out of the sheep-wata to £1,182,000 (one million one hundred and eighty two thousand pounds). In addition to this we should add a sum (which it is impossible for me to obtain )paid to the employees on the railway lines for the work they do in connection with wool; also the amount paid to carters, warehousemen, dumpers, wharf laborers and seamen, who get something out of every bale of wool that passes through their hands at the sea ports. It must bo obvious to all. that the "gran1 auld coo'' drops a good deal of very nutritious milk as she goes-along. Now wo must consider the amount spent in labor, but njt a necssarily annual expenditure. What I mean is expenditure not re peated'upon every sheep walk, but an expenditure that his enormously increased the earring capa bilities tlio country and thereby added much to its we iltli. This expenditure is that for permanent impr .veinents by building, fencing, water supply, and ringbarking. For i ome of these items, building and ringbarking, I have not been able to obtain re liable data. But we knew that some 776,230 miles of encing have b°.en crette 1 at a cost £39,588,189 th it is, some 40,730 stocli- iioldcrs have expended as m ich money in fencing alone as will equal more t an half the revenuo of G eat Brittin, and nearly t le whole natural debt i f N sw South Wales. No i .oubt a considerable part o I this amount has been paid to our fellows in En {land (the iron workers), and has enable 1 them to buy and use moro of our wool, thus conferring a double blessing. For water supply 12,845 dams have been constructed, at a cost of £1,170,752, and 19,573 tanks for which £3,679,724 have' been paid. Wells have been Bunk to the number 2648, and well sinkers have oarned thereby £683,181. The total sum then paid away in the last twenty five years for permanent improvements has been equal to £15,471,189. I say 25 ycare to thu best of reco'.lection because little if anything had been spent in this way before 1S60. I must leave buildings and ringbarking out of my calculation for want of sulliciont information. But indepen dently of lliebuildingB requred upon the sheep walks themselves, I think we may fairly credit to the wool all the labour employed in the erection of the towns situated in tho pastoral areas, and among them 1 should reckon Bourke, Willcannia, Wentworth, flay Narandera, C'oiulubolin, Uubbo, Deniliquin, Wagga "Wagga, and many others, with their busy popula tions of distributors and workmen all dependent upon tho "auld coo " for their drop of milk. I re gret that I have no reliable information about ring bnrliini!, which 1 look upon as one of the greatest improvement's that can be done upon land. And , hin.1 will state that my old friend, Mr. Thomas Hungetford, U. L. A., is the man to whom the ! rhi'iiks of this community arc due for this improve ment. To show the effort I will simply state my own exfeni ncs. I have an interest in a slation which heloie "soli c'tii n" contninnd some 40,000 acies of good open forest .and. In that condition no more than 15,000 sheep could be kept npon it. The propel ty is- i educed to 20,000 acres now, it is all liiighaiked, and this year 20,000 sheep and .7000 lambs will bo shorn, and in the paddocks there is actually too much --grass; It will he seen ihat nearly twico as many uliet-p aro upon half as much land as the country would carr.v in its naturul state, ond the animals ore better kept. This additional increase in the capability is due principally to ringbarking. I had almost forgotten to draw attention-, to the millions of money spent in labor taking the railways into the pastoral districts, and the double benefit this has con ferred upon the working man 1 has found him employment and has providea him with animal igodmucb cheoperthan he could have procured jlk ',lhis paper is far from being exhaustive; it is 'ntendedtobo moro suggestive tlinn complete. Bu in tracing efforts lo theircituses it will bo seen how much of our natural prosperity depends upon that industry which nature, who is not by any means a fool, points outns tlio best adopter to our'position. Wo may depend upon it that other industries ns thoy are required will develop theiusclvos and that the ntteinp to extract "sunbeams from cucumbers" in order to warm the world hud much better bo de layed until a more profitable result is obtainable than 1 our present needs and sdontilic knowledge cither re quire or make possible. 