A Naval Night Attack—New Style. BY OUR UNOFFICIAL MANCEUVRER. There is one distinct advantage about the naval manoeuvres which have been delighting the good people of Pembrokeshire, and spoiling the temper of the umpires, during the last few days—and that is, that one is not in tbe least likely to be taken by surprise. When the torpedoboats of the defence flotilla succeeded, as they fondly believed, in sinking the flag ship, Admiral Hewett wa6 quite annoyed, and protested that he " wasn't playing." He had hoisted a white ensign in some place or another where it oughtn't to have been, and, like the signal for trumps, the torpedo-boats ought to have noticed that the ensign not being in tbe right place, they were not to let any of those nasty things off. They didn't, however, and as, in addition to attacking him when they oughtn't to, two of them ran into each other, Admiral Hewett was wroth, and, as Jules Verno would have put it, " De la, grande colere." I took up my position in a small boat in close proximity to the defended channel which it was the object and inteution of the besieger, to endeavor to force. The main object of the attack, was to learn the value of torpedo-boats to the defence, and, further, the best protection of mining defences by guard boats and tbe guns of a neighboring fort. It has been already shown by similar attacks upon mine fields unprotected in this way, that the removal of such obstacles is a simple enough affair. Consequently the defended channel was placed immediately under the guns of the Stack Rock,which is an island in the centre of what I may call the angle of the haven, and a heavy boom, consisting of huge spars chained together, and floating in all sortB of uncomfortable positione across the channel, was moored nearly abreast of the rock. then, some -or, /00 CL yards „ UP wide °2 t h and V h perhaps T e 1 ' I three times as long, centred the interest of I the evening. The main attack was ordered for nine o'clock, but by balf-pa6t seven the sound of a heavy gun made us jump up from tbe dinner table five miles off in Milford. The first shot was followed by others, and by the +j time m „ we ,„„ got t„ to our „„„, anchorage in the | position described, almost abreast of the Stack Rock, and commanding tbe whole of the advanced mine-field, the whole of the attacking fleet was enveloped in a thick cloud of emoke, through which the electric light from the forts tried vainly to pierce. The object, indeed, of this cannonade appeared to have been the producing of just this thick cover of smoke for the protection of the small boats with which they were preparing to attack our defences, for the fleet and the forts are supposed to be out of range of each other, and the forte, instead of replying, devoted their attention to sweeping the whole haven with their powerful electric lights, and striving to peer through the smoke. All but the battery of artillery which, stationed on the southern cliff opposite the Stack, and behind us, represents a fort of 18-ton guus. Apparently this glorification of their little 16-pounder has gone to their head. Any way they have a ton and a half of powder, and they mean to use it. So they bang away merrily at an invisible enemy, and are speedily joined by the riflemen in the camp adjoining,who have no notion of being left out in the cold, and whose rifles are sighted for about 5,000 yards. Meanwhile, however, the enemy's chance is also ours, and under cover of the emoke I make out' a couple O „. . • of L !lone B sinning shinine nuns hulls |I that flash in the electric light and dis appear again as the torpedo-boats dart in upon the fleet. Bang! bang ! go machine guns as the boats are discovered, like tho rattleof musketry,while a coupleof "«rens" give forth the most ear piercing shrieks in warning of their approach. All is smoke and flashing lights, siren yells, and the roar as of Pandemonium let loose. We can see nothing of what is taking place, but five minutes later the brave little fellow a como back through the safety channel which has been left for them, all of them safe, having discharged their torpedoes (in imagination), and speed off to the Valorous a mile in the rear, for fresh torpedoes to renew the attack with. The little picket boats which are guarding the mine field come back too, driven in by the enemy's torpedo boats, two of them hoisting the masthead light, which shows that they have been ruled out of action. What they have done exactly we know not. Indeed, while it is easy enough to sit on shore and write an account of a naval fight in which all the reports of individuals shall bo combined in one general result, and then to imagine that one saw this thing, in actual warfare, or even in the mimic presentment of it, we cannot see much of what ie taking place. What we do see, however, is a magnificent sight truly, and one well worth coming to this out of the way corner of the world to see. Overhead, in a clouded sky, the moonTs struggling feebly to force her way through the fleecy veil which hides her light from us. Around us and behind us it is dark, I quite dark, save that in a semicircle on the inner side of the bay a hundred twinkling eyes of light remind us of the thousand human — % eyes u u that v are luuikiuti. looking, ao as we, wc, from Arum I the decks of the yachts that cluster about I ua seaward, to where that brilliant cloud of smoke, pierced by twinkling lights also, and broken by flashes and showers of sparks, shows where lies the Channel Squadron hotly engaged with an invisible enemy. A brilliant cloud, I have said • for, indeed, the chief beauty of the sight ie the way in which a cloud of smoke under the electric light expande into a halo of silvery mist. Toe effect of these electric lights is simply wonderful. From South Hoop Fort, on the north ehore, two I great beams sweep the whole bay in different directions, visible throughout their whole course, and projected like solid columns of radiance upon the blackness of the sky beyond. Nearer to us the Stack Rock keeps a steady light upon the boom itself and surrounding obiects dazzling us from time to time by full upon us, and effectually shutting out all view in a blaze of fire that make! our eyes swim for some minutes after it has been turned away. These great ligbiB I move slowly and majestically over the waters, crossing and recrossing in endless -i: "... • j- «... I combinations, reminding one for delicacv of the beautiful caustic curves formed on the inside of a china teacup on a brilliantlv lighted table—a teacup truly for the jrode ] but one in which there is no little etorrn notwithstanding. Suddenly, as the ships awake to a sense of their own danger, a more beautiful sight still comes upon is, ae they get out their own electric search lights, and move them rapidly round them on all sides, like nothing so much in effect as some fairy watering her garden with a hose which sprinkles fire instead of water. So close was the resemblance that I seemed almost to hear the swish as the light swept round over the surface. u A grand sight, truly; but, as I have said, WFn~wh7«cking UyackeT victor and vanquished, are\ir 8 Srwed up in a cloud of glorv, but arnW smofcJ and flame and pyrXchnic B T n n ^o. which would I k T i Brock turn green with envy and all uncharitableness But now we are vouchsafed as ght of the rea business. Do you see thosfdark obiecte yonder creeping across the miJe fielfS silence? Ab! there is the lieht „non them, and there, moreover wfha Tar that shakes our deck under us " reverberates in thunder from the diff behind UB, is a gun from the Stack Rock I They are discovered, those JoS?tubey rush on for the boom, while tbe Stack fires great gun after great gun at point blank range so CIOEO that wo see the great Rliower of sparks that accompanies each discharge ; and from the top a dozen machine guns pour down a hail of bullets upon two little black objects clinging to the boom. Back drifts one of them after a minute, and there is a flish, followed by a hissing sound and a scattering of water in all directions. " You are out of action," sings out an umpire's voice across the clear, calm surface of the water, as the gunfire slackens for a moment. A chuckle is the answer, and as the boat drifts down under our quarter I hail him. What have you done ?" " Blown up the bally boom" is the reply, with auother chuckle, as he hoists his position light and drifts into the open channel. He is a sportsman, however, this one, who has no notion of allowing an umpire's decision to interfere with his enjoyment. The moment he is out of sight, down goes his light, up goes liis helm, and he is in the thick of it again. Ten minutes later he is hanging on the boom again, firing a rocket to warn all combatants out of dangerous distance while he fires a big charge. " What are you doing there ?" yells an umpire, speeding up in a steam launch. " You have been put out of action twice over." " We yo }}\ u n, . I K Ilt Iet me fire this charge," is the injured reply, as our friend makes off again unsuccessful. There is a determined attack now upon the mine field, and while two or three swift boats draw off the fire from the forts, a couple of small pinnaces have laid a line of counter-mines and tbe field is tolerably clear. All this not without casualties, of which, of course, the umpires have to judge. From a theatrical point of view the realism of the scene was mo6t catching. We held our breath when these black figures clung to the slippery spars under the fire of the guus, and breathed a sigh ^ f as they darted away after K, their charge U J 1U g K j jjy wonderful piece of stage • realism, if nothing ' more. I wonder what Nelson would have thought of it all. If his ghost, which, if it visits any place in the world, may naturally enough be sup- I ^ L f 7 ? amiIt0n ,' B power, not so many miles from here, could have stood by my side last night, would he not have been more struck even than I at so unfamiliar a eight ? Look on this picture and on that:—that fleet of wooden ships, whose trust was I Z ^ l ^ ••FTtV^' ? afal « at T, tb „. tbat h »« to » c I ? ,gDal f ing no ^ better plan r ? m the than 0,d to Vlcl sail <»X in and know win, no better rule of action than to " trust in God and keep your powder dryand this other fleet—how differently armed, how d ifferently shotted, how differently handled. Here beams of fire 6how the great ship, whom aforetime we marked only by the flashes of her broadsides; there picket boats and torpedoes, mines and countermines—all tho engines of modern warfare, yet handled by men owning the same allegiance, animated by tbe same spirit. Such arc the thoughts which pass through one's head involuntarily at such a moment. For there is an instant of calm and stiliness, and the little swell which was on the water when we steamed out has died away, ashamed of its own little splashing when so great a hubbub is going on above. Now Bhoot up Roman candles, red and green. What comes now ? The Storm Cock, under a heavier cannonade than ever, is rushing down upon the boom, followed by a line of gimboate, fT « u """ ai8 orts a8 t j )ey > come °Penmg wit j )in raDge now upon j t ie the a) j over in a few minutes, though, fortunately for my space. No boat could live for many minutes under so fierce a fire as that which bursts upon the devoted ship in full blaze of the electric lights from the three forts at once, while our own gunboats in tbe rear of tbe mine field open fire on her too, at short range. Small wonder that she is ruled out of action before she can reach her destination ; but she either cannot or will not stop, and goes crashing through what is left of that much abused obstruction before she hoists her light and AlaZfironl nf ^" 0001^3^ C- hanne " uX Safed ft alf ^ T l a 1 l , CTeDta the y find « th ' S e sLnnrt nf th », r ° Ugh , he fl ee t So t 3 tL l« t F™ nilence klls o ^ Z Tt & V^ a three rockets go up from the Stack Rock to denote the cessation of hostilities, and the moon, with one final struggle through tho clouds, which yet cling to her like a young girl around her departing lover, rides out in a clear sky to light us home. —Budget. TEHBIBLE YACHTING ACCIDENT The moBt terrible accident on record to a yacht in American waters, says a correspondent of the Standard, occurred on Friday even- 0ff I S < ® nd^ll0 ° b Th - e y acht Sarah ^'p?-, t . w ? n I t r fiv ? tons, had come up , T ^'adelplna with a party of eleven , e Bn<1 ladies ? and e« genuemen Dt,emei » on <"» board. The weather was calm and the company dined on the deck. Just about sunset a few drops of rain induced the ladieR to so kJrtn. below. The TL. gentlemen ' 1 , . O 4i i i i were . dispersed * ,, 6r - dec^ aad th e captam, regarding f, alD j 8 ^ Precursor of an ordinary 8borten aaiL T' ' \ 7 T™ 80 ? ngnge<1 when a ^ m of extraord , nary fury, travelling at the f? te ° f ff^.^^f 0 , 1 niloB an Btruck ? le y ac ' ,ta £ d instantly capsized it. Every „ De d ff. waa fl " n g tho water, and 6lX la d . 108 ? nd °, ne gentleman in the W€r e V , lP ne J oned without possibility • i Afterdee P eratu struggles, those "JV ? ter (f H0Ceeded in regaining the . Wr6ck ' ^ e r e 8u lence of the Btorm. ^ e They i a,ned were th ° beaten vio by hail- etonoB hard enough to indent tbe oak planks of the keel, and were nearly drowned by the gigantic waveB that . washed over » them. Their personal \- , . Bufferi P j" 180n ." h ° u ® e drove tb « gentlemen S /!'. - 0 ?' 6 88 nothl ?:!'.' n & to the a ? 0D y of their inability to respond to the flashing i® Prisoners in . 1 P T * lg ca P sized 6° • A sh ® « arned 1 w i t h her air ®° ou g h . to fl o a t the yacht, notwithstanding S® ,^eigh L? £ ballast, and to support t h ® V,ctl T for an Lour - ^ir f, ? - ra P? u P on } he wooden walls of their Drison-hniiflA <irntu fi.. 5 rIy f ™ nt,c -, Son >e of them attempted ? g "emselves down the companion- 7 what ?° Q,d have been certain death, P re J en j ed ^om carrying Z ™ ?\ y - forc e,.employed by Ja8t £ u 8 gQ of hfe waB ! g^en U8t h ve ; ™ ? submerged her- » ^ruet , her band to the eur- IttfJ uB \ barred window - It was de h«r™ • 8 P erat e grasp; but the I _ . pr , e 7 ent ® d ° ER EBCA P E . «»d the hand was held until the grip relaxed in death. Some vessels from which the accident bad been observed came np, and took off several of the crew. The gentlemen refused to leave as long as a ray of hope I [h^trie/f ^V'!!™- ^hout tools, t h r h7v«Tht * the des of « y a ® ht^th pieces of tbe wreckage; -J, ^circumstances it was imposl u l ^ t ^ ^ t - the timber8 " 0 a a1 W m ! f ° a ? ei,ent bolow - WM t ^ 0 ed neftr the 7 «b°re an hoC/ T d brought out the K "P 0^ that t he ^rers 8uffocate K ^f - d > . not drowned, and l ' ? 6 " a PP earan , c / ^^ated the 'exerl i r -command until death 0 l S tbem Se^eral - <>£ the youtg i-NNTLT were ® N £ A F> ED to be married to ** ?U ™° rB 