AMERICAN HUMOUR. A SAVANNA!! man invented a water velocipede and thereby wone tie everlasting gratitude of tile shark, wlo toalk in b-lth inventor and invention. A Mot:Il.r paper describes a young lady with hair "as black a raven' 'he ravens weren't wear. ing aly lhir to popeal of tlat aunluer, but we sucprsoa thie tyle lhaot lct caniged thi year. A. IlocUyi mountain editor, alltliing to lho demancd for felile eafrat:e, female doctvre, an11e f,:calc e clert?vylln rearlis that anllother want presccts itoel -. thalt of fentmle vronlclc. .A \\\'Is oni?N writer illustrates the prevail. Ing ectravatavr cc of people cowv-a-days, by crall . orattetion to to: cootly b;alby carri:goc ill s l wi'.0 when ice swos a bably, they htaulaed hict roucd lcc tlie hict' .1 Alr Indiana barrister, writing home fro:m New tCrleau, dwvcll with evident go-tl , c th. enlro is dlillle. sions of thf dtilnking glanc use Il in tihe sloonus cL IIchi c iy. le a ys it nia:lo him feel at lir.t ;is if he were drinking out of a chion. IsMonc: a Nevada witnes goes into the wit iics9.hox Iie u hlluckllea andl Illlo i two revoller.; an: aI bowie knife, and the lawye.r calh hint Mr. So a I ,u all is very careful not to refer to anllthil Iton plcisant which hasi ever hcappened in the svitne.oc'c history. AIA L 'AYxIrc 'Tnd.) ma'n, just as Ie was anp. pro.ubing the shining obore, cook i, vslfe's hand a0d said, " Susan, you:'ve bee-n a good wife! \We've lic'd together this ty-two year,, and I incv r foutnll a bit I1c ol ny shirt. i'il pcak a goo:l word for you a5 soon as 1 get tlcrr l A )l?IrnoT? younI g O voc:malc triedl to be aristo. cratic, anld dild ot look at tillt molnec that he oave to tie horse car con.ulclor, hbut he meeklyv g.ive hler bl the 1o.n le onll which was written, "11 never er'ce I. love thee!" and sail he was an orlphan with lire little i.rotherc to supll ort, and mcatl .ec esce I. A. nlhccA (ICalifornia. man has inventced a torpelo inl tIle shlape of a 'erael of corn, which i: diiccnd for tlhe Itegoilenllentl of leotive crowa. As noon ao tic' o'Trcaive crow takes hold of it it cipelo.lc? n;ll blows the top of it head of. l his al.rdsc l che.p a illllnot re "allrio for the row, and at th le sace toLe; ldoes away witl a grievous e il. 'itt: editor of a paper, having an a-ldition to Ilcs fO-scilv, writes. "' The rtorlc wcindis of tihe e,uinm of last S it:,;day morning left at our house a littl el cherub the Ifelnae per: ssioc-a khild of leap year Iribute, as it were. We bow graceflly to the dispensatirn, sacrlcpi our lead Icc;cil, urd call uponl dleinqillultt subselibers to niatcrialiie at onre," Ilo; a cntodest glave\'tol:e ill Vincenllnes (Misc.)' eletcrt appears the plaintive legend: " is neighbor I played thice cornet." A wnAVi;AN-sruseFAe ;E, meeting out \\\West anl ourneld witlout transacting :n:y b sines. Sunmcbas ly let down a bushel of mice through the kylil;ght. A. countrrYs editor, being asnkcd, "'o hogs pay ?" says a great many do not. Thc tahe thle paprnt several years, and then have the postmaster send it back " RIefulse." A Niectieo in ('olumbus dreamed that lie found 55 at a certail place in the ntreet. 1le went to the spot next mnornig, fountd :li, anlld no r accuses the ghost whto told himtu lgo there of stealingg ,l. " loN'T sit so far away from meo, Henry, dear,' sltn said to her tloer, while they were st atinsag up ithe river witl the excursion:; "don't sitso far anwa ano turn your ibck to me in that way; people will tlink we're married." Tm' e excitement created in a western town by the report that Sn vein of colper had beenl discovered near tile place lapidly subsided ivhecn it was e..pl.incd Iby a pundit that the " vnle of copper "was all oldI wcaenter cock. A GIoIl in Georgia brought a suit againsl a recreant lover, claiming x10,000 damages, but sthe com promised for four ales of cotton and a new parasol. lier lawyer tok thle cotton for his fee, and she kept the palra sol to heal lie wounded affections. 'THa? editor of a Boston paper thus encoura es one of his loetic.l contributorsn: " Our waste basket for original poetry has for the fourth time witllhin two monti been emptied of its contents. Yolr elegant contributio:l filnds a place therein, and is now reclining gracefully in its capacious depths." A \'at NloNTrm has had three dollars damages awarded him for being butted oner the fence by his neighbour's bull. The smallness of the sum is ldue to the plaintilFs avowal that lie was trying to get over thelo fence as quickly as possible, so that the bull only helped him in carrying out an intention conceived of Iis ?o in free will. " YAAs, stranger," said a Missouri steam-boat captain, " George Washington was purely great an hligh, aln' tile father uv of his country, an' fust in peace an' war, an' other tlling ; but he'd been nowhar in racin' any boat he ever owned with this yere scudder the River Queen, oi whlose quiverin' deck yonu now stand." A sMA?nRT Amerioan girl calls a young follow of her no lunintance " Ioneysuckle," because he's always hanging over the front fence. IT is r ported that the first silver dollar coined in tile United States has been found. It is held by twenty-eigllt different American cititens. Taclt editor of a Chicago newspaper waiting tlhe details of a terrible inunlation in Coanneticut, tele graphed to a correspondent in Hartford: " Send full par ticulars of the Ilood." The reply came quickly: " uon will lind them in Genesis." A YOUNG man in Cinoinatti lost his bride the otlher day. Sheo smelt whiskey in his breath, and loft him at the altar. It is the general belief that If het example becomes any way common, it will result in the oraetieal abonlition of marriage. " WHAT il that, darling?" atBlod a young tc. Louis husband of Ihis Chicago bride. She turnedl tlhe heaven of hecr deep blue eyes upon him, and answered: " T'h.tt is one of my garters, dearcat." " Ah," lie dded, softly, "I thought it was a dog collar." Two darkies were vanunting their courage. "I isn't feared o' nothllin,' I isn't,' said one. " Den, Sam, I reckon you isn't feared to loan nme a dollah ?" " No, Julius, I isn't feared to loan you a dollahl, but I docs hate to part wid a o'd fren' forebber." A. wrSTOnvtu' etump-orator, in the course of one of Ilia opecclhes, remarked. " Gentlemen, if the Parsylic Ocean wor an inkstand, and tile lhull clouded canopy of heaven and the level ground of our youth wor a sheelt of paper, I couldn't begin to write my love of country on to it." WHAT to hi m was love or hope ? What to him was joy or cure? He stepped on a plug of Irish soap tile girl had left on the topmost stair; and his feet flow outliko wild, fierce things, and ho struck each chair with a sound like a drum; and tlhe girl below with tihe scrubbing thlings laughed like a fienl to seo him come. Tors romrarlc was made to the publisher in a tone of pious reproof: "That such a bluenror fs ris could occur in tIhe 'I'ribulrne? I wrote that name ' Black,' and here it is printed *Brown ?'" Tihe subordinate pondered the matter, and then replied, "I suppose tlihe compositor and tlhe proof-reatler must be both coloaur blind." A PHILADELPHIA man says he ha9 seen theo contrienoce lawyers use when " they warm up with the subject." HIe says it was a glass concern, and hools about a li'nt. A STOR M is told of a candidate for Congress whose hand.writing resembled hieroglyphics. I)During a hot political contest some rash individual threatened to challenge hsli vote. " You had hotter not," broke in a " mutual," " for if you do he will produce a specimen lo Iris penmanship, and then challenge your own vote on tile ground that you cannot read." A vRnY brilliant piano-player can work up SHome Sweet Home " so artistically that in the bang and confusion of the playing it cannot hbe distinguished from " Moses in Egypt." AN exchange heads an article " How to save .one hundred million dollars a year." One of the resols lions, says hll editor of a Nevada paper, we made on0i l? first day of January was not to save so large a sum tli year, and we shall not break it. " 'slara '," said a Yankee hatchet-throner, " thle snake stories that are going about are all too thli. Why, just look hero. Last spring I went out into thr woods. I took along an umbrellcr, whiclh I laid dowr on to some rocks. Well, about an hour afterwardes I wernt to get ny umbreller, as it flad begun to rain a little I took hlolt of tho liandle, and as I gavo ita eoar so.mething began to tear, and as tlie umbreller flew oep?ro a live blaclk snake fell to the ground split in two frone.i' lhead to its tail. The confounded critter lhad ctufally swallowed my mbrecller, and I never noticed it uotol I slroved up the thing anud split thie cuss open froe sie to st N EW Yonic gentleman is bocst with fiftcon daughters, and lie is looking about for cflfcn likely youl'g men to bless each of them with a wief o. A nihsiDEiNT of Kalamnwzo wrtes to a so hol boored" in Olio tllht Ire will take a sclhool as lre eir tought 3 terms nschool and 1 attended'l collelge 4I Se.' at detroit, michigan and ao.1 20 yra avage." AT Port iope, Onatarino, a eompotitivo ? cor cert was given recently by two rival ,eras's bildr, aol now, ratllher tlian have it repeated, the lort Ilopcr would prefer hlaving twenty- seven successive til"'ler stormsVn; did General Washington roras tho Delaware or t ls ice during tiohe stormt of an ;n, night F' arskCe Io teachoer of her young class in biitor.' ' 1 reckon," piped ao sal solce ain :nso'er, "io sd beoause hl mautlod to get on tie other aile." 