COJiEKAims. (IBOK QUE OWN OOBBBSFOKDJBTE.) Jane 'zo. It is reported teat tee Carterton ghoat is at present on a visit to this town, and has revealed himself to aome of thje residents. Then ia alot of talkon the subject, hut it is all hearsay. The most diligent inquinea for die person "or persons who actually saw tee spectre have been fruitless. Somebody has probably been talking abort tee doings of tee ghost at Carterton, and the story has been repeated ova and over again, onu the word " Carterton" got worn out, and "Cole raine" had to be snbrtitnted. Thus are etories localised. The process adopted at Coleraine ia not entirely unknown in other places. We should he sorry to see any ghost meandering abort Coleraine ; sorry for -tee ghost I mean. There are :no wdd woods to which he could flee for shelter in >m enter- jrancy. and the -wandering spint would etaad a good show of being eaten by dqgs. It m pfafrhfl that our friends in Casterton and Merino have'placedthrirrespective fowae in a state of Beige, or something of tee toad. Report has it teat the male popnlafaon has beenCslledtoanns, only tee oldmd feeble ones beahgexehrad frbm-senricB; that there have been weepmgs snd heart rending put- fogs, hnd cotaideraWe Etrdmg np orimus and utteringof brave words, and prdpitatrag of bearte. ' %hrt- there have been tee mid night wata in tamnltaom rnsh to — weS, arms, wh<sr"the lowing herff' windtay slo wly oerteelee has inadvertently trod npon one of the sleep ing sentries ; that tttere have -been bad colds jfchflHmnvm'dcoagh baleamand curate, Unfit- short win speedily return to that EtechTfe highly indraert on bare, and it is still possible to enter our town after nightfall without bring challenged by an armed party, who manoeuvre in " close order" for the sake of company. If the ghost comes here we'll simply sprinkle aome salt on his tail. It is presumed that the spectre has lived long enough in Sheol to de- velope a tail. Oa Taesday evening last the Co'eraine Debating Clab held its ordinary fortnightly meeting iu the Mechanics' Hall- Tbe Rev. W". J. Gillespie presided ; there was a fair attendance of members. A most interesting Parliamentary debate took place ou a proposal of tile Government to abolish oaths from Parliament, and from the Law Courts. The Attorney-General (Mr. A. F. MacFarlane), " showed cause " in an excellent speech, and found able supporters in Messrs. James, Les ser, and Miller. Dr. Connor, the Rev. C. L. H. Rapp, and Mr, Reay opposed tbe propo sition ; but fruitlessly, as on a division being taken, tbe Government were found to be in majority. On resuming ordinary business, the following motion, which explains itself, was unanimously carried: — ' That the conduct of the Hamilton Scien tific and Literary Society, in failing to acknowledge any or either of the three communications sent to it by tbe Coleraine Debating Club, be considered dis courteous." In respect to the foregoing, I may mention that the Hamilton Society was invited to visit Coleraine and take part in a proposed united meeting ot tbe Hamilton, N&reea; and Coleraine kindred institutions. The N&reen; Clab accepted the invitation, but although the Coleraine secretary wrote thrice to Hamilton, he failed to elicit even an acknowledgment of his letters. The animal general meeting of the Coleraine Club takes place next Taesday evening, when officers will be elected for the ensuing year. Mr. D. M. Johnson having kindly given the managing committee carte d&zncfc;, a suitable piece of land for tbe Coleraine Ploughing Match has been found in one of the Konogwootong paddocks, about two miles from Coleraine. 