SPORTING NOT ElS. THE TURF. V.R.o. Spuing meeting. Stkkpuech isk (fodrth da.\\). from odb mklbockxe correspondent.) melbduiise. (ith jfiivombor. As Oaks Day is tho most favored of laiii?s, Steeplochnso Day is tho 0110 affected by tho more venturesome sports to whom a spice of danger is au appetising sauce, aud being Saturday the half holiday people have an opportunity for an outing which id denied thom on Oaks tUy. These circumstances load to a large attendance, aud tho Steeplechase was witnessed this your by an unusually largo gathering, tho stand, hill, paddock, and flat being equally well patronised. Tho morning lirolco fine and warm, with every prospect of an enjoyab o day, and tho courso ro mainod in fairly good order, al.hough it must bo admitted tho previous daya' racing had ronderod it dusty in certain portions, and geuorally spanking the track showed signs of woaring. This \vft3, however, a matter that affected tho com petitors rather than tho spectators, to whom a second or so d ft'oronce in tho timo made was a inattor of but small moment. A good raco and close finish is what epjrting patrons yoarn f >r, rather than fast timo, but, nevertheless, tha veriest tyro likes to see tho tec ud bealui, although from a sports' point of view they are unpatriotic enough to profer an exciting contest to seeing " tho fastest on record "accomplished. Tho Vice-Ilegal paity anivod, na on tho previous days, iu time for tho first event, tht>ir tvdvont on tho aceno boing greeted with tho National Anthom by Zilmon's Bund, and from thid out up to Steeplechase timo tha attendance begin to increase rapidly up to tho timo for start ing tho chief ovent of tha day. Tho moating his beeu prolific of dead heats for third place, in which ono icapect tha racing has beon uuiquo. Of to day's events tho first was tho Marea Produce Stakes, which only brought out throe atavtora, Yokano, Lord William and Alenotti, tho hon J. Whito's nomination being a strong favorito, with 2 to I on. Vulcano showed that his prjwosa had not been over estimated by lending from start to finish, and won hard held by two lengths, iu tho slow tiina of 2 iniua. 13.J; tecs. Tho Flemh.gton Stakes fell to Bravo. After a magnificent stiugglo up tlio straight, in which Trenton failed to reach tho Derby winner, Tridout landed the Canterbury Plate. Then camo the l'rco Handicap, which brought tho meotiug to a close. m uiks' ruonucK stakes. Hou J. White's Ur c Volctuo, 8jt lolba (Hales) 1 Mr W. Du^gan's ch h Lord William, Sit lOlbs ... (Nurrikor) 2 Sir W. J. Clarke's br o Menotti, 8jt lOiba (O'Brien) 3 Only three faced the starter, l_ato.it betting : 5 to 2 on Volcano, 5 to 1 against Msustti or Loid Wiliinm. At the fail of tlio flag Menotti was quickest on his lepra, followed by Volcano. Tlio latter ufier going a low longtln took up the running, and was soon a length in front of Menotti, who wm two lengths ahead of Lord Willi im Along the back and round by tha brideo the favorite increased his load. At the abattoirs Lord William drew up lovelwith Menotti. Round the bend Hnleu wai holding Volcano, whilst tlio other two were being ridden. At tin distance Lord William disposed of Menotti, but was unable to reach the favorite, who won by two lengths hard held. Menotti pulling up finished a do?.eu lengths in the rear. Time—2 min 1H.J sees. TUB FLKM1NGT0N STAKES. Mr J. R. Crooke'a br c Casuist, 7 at 2 lbj . Rammage) 1 Mr D. Cooper's br c Oceana, 7 st 10 lbs (UobertRon) 2 Mr J. Haines' br o Albert Loddon, 7 st 7 lbs (Walker) t Hui J. White's br f Sum.itia, 8 st 7 lbs (Moore) t The starters were—Bedouin, Yetmaii, Sumatra, Firobrnco, Oceana, Aberdeen, Miranda, Albert Loddon, Glentworth, Probation, Esporance, Casuist, Citadel, Liedertafol, Loyalist, Essex, Nectarine, St Michael, Jessica. Latost betting— 4 to 1 Miranda, 5 to 1 Sumatra, 6 to 1 Oceana, AUerfleon, a to 1 Jiarridnn, 10 to 1 probation or Casuist. Lord Carrington's filly, Esporance, gavo much trouble .it the post, and it waa aomo time before Mr Watson could get hit- field away. When at last (hoy were started on their journoy to n v«ry straggling start, Oasuijt, LieJortafel and Yetman seomed to bo the first away( and crossing the tan woro in front with OcoJtia m the centro. Aberdeen lying well in the centro, while tlie favoiito was indistinguishablo among the ruok. C-isuist led Yetinan near the rails by a length entering tho courao pioper, whilst Ocoana and Albert Loddon wore next on tlie outside. Casuist sti.l led at the distance, tho liold being spread all ovorthe course, but Oceana had supplanted Yet man for second place, tho choanut having fallen back amongst tho crowd. Bedouin seemed to load the next divisioii, which consisted of Albort Loddon, Nectariiio and Sumatra, Mr White's colors on Aberdeen being prominent in the centre. Casuist led Oceana tip tho straight and won con fortably by a length and a half from Oceana, while Sumatra was brought up with a ruah and caught Albert Loddon on tho post, making a dead hoat for third. Then camo Ncctaiine aud Yet man, while Citadel and Miranda drove tho liold homo. Time, Mi sees the V.It.C. handicap. Mr W. 15. Boyd's b c Bravo, 3yra fiat lOlba (Campbell) 1 Mr M. Loughlin's b g Britkhor, aged, htt libs (gallon) 2 Mr A. F. Smart's ch m Brown and Rose, fiyra 7at 131bs (GoubIi) 3 A protect was entered against the winner. Tlio starters woro— Sioteor, Sardiuj, Britisher, Brown and Ross, Grace Darling, Claptrap, Ring master, Monte Ohr'ste, Bravo, First Prince, Lesbn, Impulse, Yellow Haininer. Latest betting: 5 to 2 against Brown and Rose, 4 to X Britisher, 5 to 1 Bravo, First Prince, Monte Cliristo, 7 to 1 Claptrap, 10 to I others. Alter tome troub'.e the tietd waa sent away to a good start, Yollow Hammer and Brown and Rose being next to the rails, Brown and Rose, Ring master, and Claptrap were the Brat away, and at the distance Mr Smart's luaro led, beicg followed b^ lling.i aster, Claptrap and Im pulse, with Yollow Hamtnor close by on tho insido. Yollow Hammer lod past the stand, with First Prince, Ringmaster, and Brown and Rose next. Then came Impulfe and Iiesbia. Yellow Hammer led his fiold along tho liver stretch, Ringmastor having taken Fi.st Princo's placo as second. Then camo Brown and Rose, Sardius, Impulse and Bravo. Coming up to tho bridge Impulse had run up, and was lying fourth on First Prince's quarters, while Brown and Rose anil Bravo were together close behind, with Meteor last. Impulse was now brought forward, and headed tho unfortunato Yollow Hammer passing the bridge, while B own aud Roao went in front of l< irst Pnnco This order was changed along tho back whan First Prince ran iuto second plucri, while Graoj Darling, who had been lying an tho outside showed prominontly forward, and two lengths away from First Prince,who was second to Impulso, led Ringmaster, Bravo, Losbin, and Brown and Rose. Williams, who was on Grace D.irliue, brought liia mount to tho front at the abbattoirs, J^irst Prince, Yollow Hnnimor, and Impulse being hor immediate attondants. Tho maro still led at tho sheds, Impulse having run up n:xt to First Prince, followed by Ringmaster aud Losbi i. Tho aamo order was maintained round the bond where, howovor, Monte Christo camo into prominence, while Campbell was bringing Bravo along will) ^ rush, closely foll.qwod by Britiaho-, First Prince, and Brown and Rose. Grace I) .rlingstill lod, but was headed by Brown and Rosa beforo the post was reached, while Britisher throw away his chance of victory by attempting to savago Brown and tyoso. Half way home Bravo was in front, with Britisher ne^t, and Brown and Rose third, and they finished in this order, half a length separating the first two horses, while Brown and Roao was & length behind Britisher. Then camo Claptrap, Ring master, First Prince, Monte Christo, Grace Darling, Lesbia, and Sardius, while Yellow Hamuior, who had died away after tho straight was reached, was last with Meteor. Tiino, 3 mins 71 sees. STEEPLECHASE. Hon W. Pearson's brm Lady Ashton, 11 at 11 lbs (M'L»od) ; Mr 15, Martin's b g Native, 11 st 4 lbs (Ferguson) 2 No third horsa placed. Tli i starters were—Game (Corrigan), Lady Ash ton (M'Leod), Native (Ferguson), Lady Oarring tou (Khin), Wicklilfe (Crei), Havelock (Mnlone), Moonlight (Cupit), Curiosity (M'Gowan). Latest bjtting—5 to 12 Game, 4 to 1 Native, G to 1 Lady Ashton, Lady Carrington, 8 to 1 Havelock or Wickliifi', 10 to 1 Curiosity. Lady Asliton and Giinc, who were next thfl rails, were the first to got away, Mr Pearson's mare taking the lead and keeping it for nearly the wh >le of the journey. Game was second passing the stand, but at the turn Curiosity ran up second. Lady Carrington led Lady Asliton, Gamo and Cu.iosity over the first jump, but at tho second fence Lady Carring ton fell, and was never afterwards in the race The favorite fell back along tho back stretch, and was 20 lengths behind Curiosity when tho abattoirs were pasted. Four lengths away from Wickliffe who was on Game's quarters, pame Havelock. then Moonlight, whilo Native was last. Mooi)!ight fell at the fence near tho sheds, but was afterwards recounted. Lady Ashton led lound the fyen4 with Curiosity IcJoso up, while Game was 13 lengths off iu company with Havolock, who was followed by Wickcliffe, Native being absolutely last. Wick c'.itfj fell back to the rear before the fences in front of the stand were reached. All tho horses were jumping well, an 1 the palings and stonewall wore taken beautifully, although Wickcliffe, who waa last, jumped in an extraordinary manner. Curiosity got within 4 lengths of Lady Ashton round the back, whilo Game had dimioi'Iiw} the distance batween himself and MrMenzies1 speckled hw£e to 2 lengths. Gams ran upacaond 4 lengths away from Lady ABhton, passing the bridge with Curiosity next, and at tho noxt fence Uavelock foil. The leader, Lady Ashton, blundored at her next fence, but recovered in time, and at tho ahbatloirs wai leading Gamo by three lengths. Tho samo distance separated tho favorite and Native, while Curiosity was two lengths further olf. This load of Lady Ashton'j was increased to 4 lengths noariug tho shads; whore Gamo fall, and several ill-con jitioned parsons on the stand set up luu'i cheers, which wore, however, quickly sup pressed. Lady Ashton again stumbled without coming down, but at the next fonce CurioBity, who had been jumping very nicely, fell, and waa imme diately followed by W'ickcliffo. Lady Ashton then led Lome pursued by Native, who, clouting on the ;acoad fence from homo, gave his knee a nasty gash. Both hordes were completely done at the finish, and could only ba kept going by tho custant use of tho whip. Lady Aehton finished about 10 lengths in front of Native. These were the only two horses who finished. With tho ex ception of Kane, who rodo Lady Oarrington, and sustained a slight concussion of the brain, none of tho dismounted j ,ckeya were hurt. Time—0 mina. 51jc se?3- ' j»KTEaByfiT_;p£ATE. Hon J. White's ch c Trident, oyra, 7°. 8"33 (Hales) 1 Mr W, C, Cooper's b h Trenton, 5 yrs, 9at Gibs . ... (Robertson) J} Mr 1?. Ilenty'a b h Cyclops, 'lyrtf, Hat (Williamson) IS 'Ilifl starters wore—Trenlon, Cyclops, Tridonl and Tamarisk. Latest betting : fi tO'I on Trintcui, oven money Trident, 10 to 1 Cyclops, SO tj 1 TaoiarUk, The four were sent away to an excel lent iiiart, Tamarisk at oncj taking up tbo lead, Trident, Cyclops and Trenton following in the order nauicii p^it the stand, tlio p^ce being very strong for tlie co:Mnoncem:nt of sncli a long journey. Tamarisk increased bur lead to S lengths along tlio back, a cauplo of lengths being betwoen Trident and (Jyelopa Trenton was the same dis tavico bchiii-l Mr ilonty'a horse. No mAtonal change was made until entoring the straight, when Oyclopi horulod Tridont, and tbo quartetto woro brought up close togot' or. Huxley on Tamarisk lo.l his iiold past the stand at a terrific pace, there being a couple of lengths between her and Cyclops, then came Tiident about ill's Baino distanco olF,whiloTron ton who was boing kept iu,w«s about the same distance bohiu.t the Deroy winner. The v&co; wivs now very hot, luid along tlia rivet atrotch Cyclops was joined by Trident, both b'ing abi.ut throo lengths behind Tamarisk, while Trenton maintained hi* position two lengtha awny. The Now Z jalander was brought forward by Robortson passing the bridge, and loavinK Cyclops behind, wunt up to within a length of Tridont. Mr Whito'a filly's minion was now evi dently fulfilioti, and she foil biiclc, allowing Tiidout to tako tin luad. Cyclops also found the pace loo strong for liiin, and the rauu boeaino a match between 1'ndont and Trenton. I ho client nut led by two lungtha past the abattoirs light round the bond, whore Hales and Roberts m both Bot to work. l^or a timo it looked as if Trenton would cut his rival djwn, but all Robertson's efforts wero unavailing, and Trident won aftor a gallantly contested race by n clear length. Halea having eased off iu the last few strides. Cyclopa camo in next, about 20 lengths olf, while Tamarisk was far in the roar. Time— !i niins. 25f sees. KBKE HANDICAP, Mr S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, 7st 12ibi (dales) 1 Mr E. Ellis's ch h Lord Wilton, Sst I0!ba (Campbell) 2 Mr J. D. Robertson's The Nun, SjI 21bs + Mr S. G. Cook's ch g Remua, 7st 12!bs t The starters were —William Tell, Lord Wilton, Tho Nu i, Pocahontas, Tho Gho-.t, Il.'gm nay, Remus, Kitawa, Jim Cain, The Rival, Day Star, Costus, L'ira. Betting—2 to 1 Lord Wilton, 4 to 1 The Nun, 5 to 1 Tho Ghost, Kitawa. U to 1 L'ocahontai, Ilo^mmay, 8 to 1 William Toil, 10 to 1 otliera. From an indifferent start Day Star was first to allow in front, followed bv William Toll, Kituwa and Tlia Nun; then came Pocahontas and Lord Wiltou. By the bridge Day Star was still in front, the others being in the mine order, excepting that Lord Wilton charged with ICitnwi for third place. At tho sheds William Tell took up tho running, attended by Day Star, Lord Wil ton, Tiio Cihost and The Nun. Along tho bend Coatus rau up second, but soon dropped. Willi im Toll lod iuto tho straight, with Lord Wiltoj and ] Tho Nun close up. At tho dUtanca H gmanay cainopaat,and'easi!y disposing of Lord Wilton, wo i by a length, - emus making a doal heat with The Nun for third place. Timo—lmin 58 soca. A PROTEST. Tho protest entered by the owner of Bii-iaher against tha win of liravo in tin V.Ii C. Handi cap was considered at great longth by the stewards. It was alleged that tho rider of Bravo struck Britisher acrosi the nose with his whip, uud thus prevented tho B.illarat horse from securing a win; and cortainly Britislior showed marks of a blow from aomoono's whip. It waa alleged on the other hand that Britisher daatroyod his chance of winning by attempting to "savngo" Bravo, and it appeared from tho straight that Mr Louehlin'a gelding was attempting to bito. Tha ste.varda, after careful consideration, decided to dismiaB tho protest; but it was an unfortunate accideut for the supporters of the Ballarat stable that their horse did not win. CRICKET. All England v. Victoria. (from odbown cohubsfondknt.) Melhouhnk, 6th November. Mr Lilywhite'a professional team commonced th ir inaugural matjh in this colony to-day under very favorable circumstances. The weather wa.s bright and warm, and agreeably tempered by cool breezea. Tha attendance, although at first meagre, assumod Batisfa^tory proportions in tha iiftemom, despite tho p itont attraction of the Flemington Races. Tho Victorians, when taking tho wickets, had vory little prospect of succoas with a toarn al ready weakened and disorganized by tho ubaenco of their moat reliable moil, MiJwijter and Ed warda, although th i advantagoa of a perfoct wicket and line weather somowlmt improved the outlook. Tho beginning was very inauspicious, Lewis being bowlod by the iirstball, butaa llio day progressed tho aspoet had improved considerably, tho board recording 201 runs for 1 wicketa at the close of tho play. At half-past twolvo, tho Victorians having won tho toas, took advantage of tho propitious state of the wicket and weather by Bonding in Lewia aud Trinnick to represent them at tho wickets. The bowling was ontrusted to BKggs and L/ohman, tho latter trundling from tin) Richmond end. Lewis opened to Lolmmn, but his first b d! proved fatal, Lewis being smartly caught by She win at the wickets. Houston succeeded, and with Trinnick raised the scoro to 10 when the latter was bowled by L tlim.m, 2—2—10. Ii. Trott filled the vacancy. Wlion tho board recorded 34 a cliango was considered dosirablo in the bowling, and Bates relievod Brigps at tho northern end. Up to this stago tho scoring had been very temparato, tho batsmen showing nil evident re lucianco to take liberties with tho bowling. At tho adjournment f ir lunch, ten minutes la'er, she aggrpgato had hoen raised to '15, of which Houston had contributed 27, and Trott 10. Upon resuming tho game oviuced a little moro animation, tho battmen appearing to gain moro confidence aa they maintained their wicketB. S jiiio sharp play by Shrew-bury at point gave riso to a round of applause, which was prolonged when Trott brought SO on the buard by an excollent cut. With the aggregate at (Jo, Barlow supplanted Lilim-a, an l afjw minute-) later Trott was clean bowled by Bates, a scoro of ruus thou standing to his crodit. T. Horan succeeded to tho vacaut wicket, aud went to work with Ilia customary vigor. Batos retired in favor of Barnes, aud matters continued in tliia stato till a pheer announced tho advent ot tho first centurj'. Eloven more wcro udded, and Houston was disposed of by a ball from Barnes, after compiling a vory croJitable innings of G8 runs, during which not a singlo chalice had beon givtn M'Shane next appealed, and for the following hour and a ha'.f, during which fevoral changes had been mado in the bowling, ho with Horan succeeded in building up a very creditable total. Briggs resumed bowling in lieu of B des, but the change did not offset any improvement. An eai-y chance was given to Barlow from Horan's bat, but ho failed to hold it. Tho scoring now bccaino very fast, Horan manipu lating his bat with much freedom, aud many brilliant Ktrokos full to his credit. M. Read now took up tho bowling in place of Bates, but ho alio failed to effect a separation. Wlion the stumps were drawn tho tcoro had grown to 204. Appsudod nro tho scores:— VlUTOUU. First Innings. Lowis, b Lohman, c Sherwin 0 Triunick, b Lohman 2 Hou-ton, b Barnes Trott 1) Bates ... 20 Horan, not out ... ... 46 M'Shane, not out ... ... ... 63 Suudriea ... ' 5 Total (fqr four Tyickots) ...204 A match was played at Back Greek on Saturday between tho first eleven of the B.U.O.ti. and lq of tho Opulets. The seniors were represented by a very strong team, but the juniors wore without two or three of their best players. The Capuleto mario 83, tho chief Ecorera boiii* Lyou.s, 23; T. Doble, 15: and I'abtt, 11. A. M*eltay took 7 wickets for 1G, M:mnallack2 for 13, and K. Bruce 3 for 2t runs. A. J. Pearce and J. Harry m ido 83 for tho fir-t wicket for the B.U.C.C., tho bcore ut the call of timn being 113 for tho loss of 4 wickets, tho match being thus won by G wickets and 30 runs. J. liarry made 51, A. J. Pearce 41, and D.vis lo Pabst took 2 wickets for 20, and Murray 1 for 10 runs. The match arranged between the Strathfield sayo and View Point for Saturday di J not come off oil account of tho latter team not turning up. B.U.C.C. v Strathfields iyo ou Wednesday at Strathljeldsaye. Strathfield'aye team—Rundoll, Drake, Kronks (3), Holmes, Uledhill, Stephana, Griffin, Brennan, Smith. The match Bend g > Flat and Alabama resulted as follows : —Bendiijo Flat, !)i>; Alabama, 2S. The Britannia playod the Quarry Hill on Satur day, and defeated them by 32 runs, the scores being—Brits, 70; Qu.irry Hill, 44. 