orough Cou nc meet for the rst im, Wiince the elevaticnof Mr. , T, ile to the chair. However, the present ayor ! hý ortan4 ý M rrr, ° >: has red ou illeond the. Wposition, and his dute Chairman will not Rn. MONDAY, AUGUST,23, 17886. Botrano Co him. -Among the busiess Boroughih Conwill comeet for the oirst im we since the gentlemen deleof r. . T,ile to the chair. Howtlanevr, the present commaor has previousThly firt led the position, an's his dutiesported as Chaving willnot eat strange to him. ''Among the business which will come before the Council will be a rquelast to pprove of the apprroint ment of the gentlemen delegated at Friday night's meeting to be managers of the Portland municipal common. WuoL.--The first load of this season's wool is reported as having arrived at Echuca last week from the Murrumohid dee. Tua S. DAHWc.-Tho Dawn is late again this trip in arriving in port. She was to leave Melbourne on Friday, but did not get away until Saturday after noon, andas a consequence will not arrive here until this evening. She had 130 tons of cargo for Warmambool, 40 for Belfast, and 90 for this port. She sails to- morrow morning. FIslrs?.-Our fishermen who went to Belfast some time since still continue to ,carry bligWoResgwl eme, niga fairly payable results, averaging five or six ba, a vk per party ,?r 6A1y weeks owmvig to the stormy rotweier, only thre days'-fishing-ouldbeo donea W.S.N. Co.-We arerequested to draw attention to the alteritidaeof the ;1Ctes of sailing of this Cmunpanps boats. The Julie r eai eMlbourne folhs port-to-morrow, and sails asain for M3el bourn oi" ii mioillamlinI. ' e L caIso sails from Melbourne on Friday next dayymingX K flXIV SS CAsiso.-This steamer arrived at 11 .m. on Saturday mghi hL`'`ieslei aftenooni she ciune ailoig-sideai?ld after minifight commuenced transacting her inwndi and outward business. She sailed at an early hour this iinorniii : DEDICAiiON SRVICE.-Y-sterdayi t the local Salvation Army Barr?a??s the cere?nony known in the army as preaentia tion( to the Lord was performed by Adjutant Rolfe, of Ballarat.: Three children underwenttheceremony; , biehc is used?in,the. anrmy in, place of the christening ceremony/as performed by other donominations. -4 The parents are required to liromiae that the child shiill devote its whole life to tho service of the army, and itliat it ;wilultaiiittjtoT this 'end; that tihy'shall le beaten, cursed, despised, and even killed if oc-' casion arises,-in-thei service-?f:tho- Al mighlty. Therida-ere a laige nuimber of persons present during the ceremony.' On Wednes?ay night a "poets! meeting"~ will be held, by whih, so faeasw'ei can understand, is meant thatumeimbers shall set their wits to work to compose poetry, such composition to be read at, themeet oaBORIGNes'?? FsOcT lo." AssocrIAT.so. -We have received the" manual" reort of the. N.S.W. Aborigines' Protection Assoiiatio, including 1al6ga and ~War angesda 3Missions. .The spiritual inter ests of the natives are looked after bis two 'Superintenidents, who the report states have proved themselves "earnest and 'self-sacrificiug men." The flnds for this department :are' ioily metSby private subscriptions. The temporal and physicil interests are also provided for, and for thisprposein addlition to private subscrptions a aGoediiemoirt grant is obtained. In 18 lthe receipts were £4,SI9 16s. 4d.; which included grants from the Government amounting to £3,761 11s. ld., ind aifter all expenses` hadbe4n paric thei Association had a bank balance of £1,455 lls. Id.' There' is a table showing the number of abori gines at the Warangesda Station. in °De. cember, 1885. There were 100 in all 291adults and 17 children black, and '19 adults and' 35 children half-castes. The average attendtance at religiousser vice iwas 58. The totail irea of land re served for the `Mlission'Station above mentionedt is 2,100 acres, 1.uoo ut-.,oh are enclosed; about 17 acres were under cultivation at the beginning of the pre sent year. The Association has been in existence since 1879, and now cares for about 200 blacks. There is a school on ,each station, under a teacher appointed by the Department of Public Instruc. tion. With the above-mentioned report we have also received a highly interest-, ing report, written in diary form, from the-pen of Mr. D. Matthews, superinten dent of Maloga Station. ; The narrative portion'of the report embraces 32 pages, after which there are appended the names, color, age, anm remarks on ddch,' 'of the aboriginals who generally or per hmaiiently, reside at :lalgosa. Among these we find such names as "Charcoal, Old Gracey, (78 years),; Cocky, Kubby. Alamaudgee McCoy, fay` Fliek; Dick the-Need&la;', ke.: :-(: -.j 1 YAwl Vlcrroai'm Wo uinderstand the old boat is to go away, as we mentioned in a previous issue there was some like lihooa ofi'! For the past few days men have been engaged caulking and tarring her on the beach, andI Mr. Barnacle who is about to purchase her haspaid a sunm to the owner as deposit money. Not 10 years ago the Victoria was soldat auction and realised, if we recollect right, £170. Now she is to be soldIfor little more than onedeighth of that suinI. . - ' As AccIDENs.-A peculiar. accident happened on Saturday at the part of the \Yestern District: rknowras . he-Coast t, to a yomung man nii~nedWilliahn?Bolnd, a son of Mr. WV. Bond, a.well-known .and respected resident of Drimuiti-ig. The? young 6mnan had ridden to the pla~ above-nientiossed Y to j~ar aitjto1 m relative, and was m the rentoun ing to retirif'ivh6n thid ti6s~i lwhich was rather spirlied, bh be ti6' klaTupl and shortly afterwards theo.:youngman found himself on the ground with his leg brukenjust above the ankle. L Thb enfortanato sufferer was rt •once .con -eyed to Portlaiid'iud m'ela1iiaid:aro cored.- . :. ':,r:r', ': 1· :, 5"c,'? : :- ?, Murwns.--We undfrstand. that .the militii movemeuthas aiadolanoth esnti p towards the ittainmimi sof:thLe :desirid object. This is in the a::lhaipel Ofoorn Iunic?etion from the DefdncmDepartgent to th? Mayoar,t?i whi azrequest isamade that officers will he nominated by the Council. The letter w tiL me e:.ifore th Council to-morrow; in thmI anti trime we can only give an outline of its eon tents, as ine offoitbto obtaii itfoi publi cation was unsuccessfuL ' , --; SAccmDLor v.-- our: last, issueo we re ported an accident as having aipIened to Mr. I'.Th isiige~--the"christian name should have been Jacob instead of Phillip. . Mr. Thessiinger, the doctor found on Satuilriay, had sustained con cussion of the brain. VYesterday he ap lieared to regain a degree of couscions ness, being able to understand what was said o bijm.o.lip -to the present, how ever, he has not spoken. Yesterdav the doctor cohsidered the sufferer out of danger. but last night about t o'cl.ck he took a bad tun, and was delirious until this morning. We have not heard l)r. BIrewer's report as to Mr. Thlcssinger's condition to-day, but trust it will be favorable to a chance of his recoveri-. LAsmD losun.--lle next Local Land Board ivillbo held in Portland onWed-' needay, Sept. 23. IA SAD u'0.l .-t was repore4 to the police on Saturlay that 3Mrs Artrong, a widow who lives by herself inHsard street, was in a dyingg conditln. A visit was paid'to the house, and the poor womanwas fonund to be in a very weak state. D er.Lis dgave a certificate thiat she ws stubject to elilepticiitsn;anml th piligc sered hei admittaniceetothl hospit?l l i .. . Jhrsa?.- When Trooper Mills was tiking i usualto irrquid nijvriIy the direction iof Narrawong he was met thy J Mea"ey, who-renorted that he had 0oiiinTi'casu ?lr bieihe h opposite the .NarrawongHotel. Theeaskwasbtought. into town, anan inv'stig tio .ol .the citents proied that i: contained taliow: It had evideiitlv leen 'ivthe water'a-long time; being enernsted with barnacles, but the centents were in an ex eltatt5taste-of preiseritiof 'hero were brands on the cask, whit] now lieat the Osutom office~" T 1Jraau N41"v. Thy` ffdllowjssehls were signalled front Cape Nelson yaster day ::"-lloithYinl. tward.-s. FranklinI s:[Ch'erioti;'astward.= s lColSdc; . de laider:,:Thise morning a: steatue and: barque, namei unknonw ; , n asled ,A cicuirAwAs'rTG rscPrxsar.- tthe; local -eceipt.ind l'ay Office cltun s are lying iaya to Vl F lsh, 1Ieyuood Mae chanics' I tuteMdcEachern, nloi?lald, Atkinson, : gr:sO9TrlA4r-A,4 matchwill beho play d betweena t1h 4$oS th,t,J'ortland I and, 'Portland C ,eg .,Cl ib on, Wetd neaday. The match wjhlrbe4 played on the PA.C.'s broun:l'cotn itionntl!y on Siinatch falling throigh which it is leing ehideivbiyto armi bot iveen the Port-. land Uitoni ai'ad ioifiilton FirstTwenty.; Itseemsins ,ther arbitrary that a natch that haslee -definitely ar?.luge?It take plaoo-shbaldlm comdllod-tO give piece-, dence to one that no one really knows whetierit will take plaonL (o=r n tibn we presunicthe Uion hva isorright to tlh ground. It is tr ;be, hoped that be tween the two, stools the whole does .notfalLto .th ground andneither match .iorsrui Coxxo.- The ToeraLent Gazette:ofAnugustt20 notifies the, ap pointment by: the Governor-in-Council of Will iun Gotg~h, jun., ind IL McEach-i ern to be managers of the'Hotspur town c o m m o n . - ,' 1 1 " -'. -, o ' WF.STRu ROVIsNC ELECroTI e.-i-The nomination inper of the Hon:?Nathanu Thdrnley, together with the declaration of qualifin? tionndithaii.'sual deposit of £100,_ have been. lodged_.with.Mr. L. Horwitz, iIamilton, the Roetunring Officer, forthti Peineuf4iThtre is no ]ikelihoodoi f odites ? rn M?'.tThornley. is at present on a visit to Portland, but re rretsnis hia stiy will be short as he ng doubt has other centres to visit. ,JULI Panr .s:?SS-nA otice ion, appearsain tle Gazette of Aug .20iznvit ing tenders for the occupation, from the, Ist:;Octobe", 1886,'to 31st December,' 188G, of "grazing' block No. 15, 300, acres, subject tp, heo conlitions that no fires or lights yhatever arei to be ex hibited ons-he luand know as Julia PercyIsland." The laud tgbq used for grazing purposes only..;:, QO.UmrrcR IY COcRss.-Tho next Courts of Ueust. Sessioons and" .oxhty ogr will be held-i 'ortap.,o.Mil'hnureaday, Septcmber 2. .. a . i Boor S.%sn.-Elsewhere .Mr 'T. F Sahnon announces that onl' acduait' of being about to leave Portlaid the '-hole of his well assorted stock of:boots and shoes will be offered at reduced prices. The shop and dwelling-house occupied by Mr. Salmon are also for sale FoeariTrun .s The Gorare-aen' Gazetle notifies the following Ilicenses, and lease forfeited :-"Land Act 186)" -Edward Walkver.parisk of .umeralla, 20 acies;' Robert Tremaalhuip:aiish' of Moouzie, grazingblock 167i10,000 acres; A. Donald, jrazin"- block' t66,i;" 9,i00 acres. " Land Act" 18ti"-"L D. Cane, ,gnmzing? bloc1b 8717"41 000 acres ";WI T. Keniedj??paishof;'S ob bo',oniiae 40 ares; A.Donald, grazing b'lck "'"i;'ld1100 icres. ' The above li??eues werefoifeited for non payment of rent. The follow ling lease'uiider ectidiff :l '1 and Act 1884," has Redncanicelled -LJohii itasi! sey and R. V. Selby, 10S00 acrs, parish of Nirrawoog;.1. -' T X0: .,.r \- R.ainrrB ? ETrar.,Ti:.C-arrots treated with arsenic are. (says the Ham. Spec.). being ~i~ d'~at 'BWrid-ate~i for estrioy ing rabbits, and with good results. The bbi eiis prefer th, tarol t'wheato Diw?snu, Excussioss.-The Railway Department hviie adopted-a-?new b~v?e law under which return tickets can be piroiiud iatayille.e Where the jour ney does not exceed 101 miles these tii~kifis iririvailable for 10 days, and qveftlae ia* it ie 4ys are allowed. Th .tur. f will a? ad.aaci of do pre, cet.kon abdinar a issA oolihe followinu application for leases under sectioir 2 of the. " Land Act 188'l:.have been ap proved:--Mark Cross; :229a :3r '?28p, parisho ~anore ; Edwari 'iEtxgibbon, Henderson; 7Sa Sr; 3p, :parish: of Dart moor; Anne Smith, 188a 2r 37p, parish of' Drumnborg;' Thas. 1VYSmith, l2la, parih' 6f_?nykysil; AdAii Thompiison, (~, · ~L:?i'lS Ai'sQr z..#--1'The following applitioni foirihceni e?,tdeyseetion S119,' of ;i The Land "Act 19d4" Ihas been ipioved --John Pettit, 4aairlih of ,.Pai :nTiiniasqa'.Pt'?? At Motneka, ,.,,,' ree?ntly a lidy, while passing near somie beehiiaes .was stung .ia.the.,face just belowthe oe hi ali ee.'' Tlie sting was extraoted, bat 20 minutes after she was stung the lady was dead. A.N.A.?- On : Wednesday night a branch of the Ausnatralian Natives' Asso ciation was opened at Bairnsdale. Mr. Calder Smithl, Of Allendale, a lembnler of the boarrd of directors, pierfdneled the opening ceremony, aId inducted the officers into their positions. Tln: uANT -.i'.STJCreSur.-Thie slC cession to the vacanlt t sea on the Bench is still ai subject of keeni discussionl., great eagurIless eluitng evinced to Lascer .ain if 3Ir. W!ri on will, a:cordling to preceldent, exercise "is right of !ruavig hiiuself appluitettd by his cVlleagneos to thle oClief Justicushlip. T'I'he olinin g?o?, erally entertained, thle Herald says, is that Mr. Wrixol. will not pv'il Lhinself of the opportunity. THE GHOST AT BEIFAsT.-Our Belfast contemporary says:-During the we some amusement has been caused at tie excitement which has been created i the minds of several townsmen who t clarm they have see the spcc:re c ld "Spring-heel Jack," which is reputed t# have visited several towns in the West ben District within the last few months. In the wee sma' hours on Tuesday morn ing last the strange visitor was unserved inl Býay-treet, s' saidrtouhye lodined5 over femle aid stois: ''alls' in am tiellomts mahm:Cr On 1Yedlncs day morninugearl rat mani inm paints and oils declares he saw" acak" o1, the. ; steps d ost" oce. 'Paintbrush" beciuhe visiblj?affdcted, and to steady lis lie?veshle "saillowed a few doses of Gorden.Bloand,..after..whickhomrg.sined. his coiirage nl id salliedfoerth. " 1Ic agai iw s 'Jack." wh on hiss approapicl right over thel-"'gpll llice and vanished aourof sigtk tiro~r inclined td'thde must have beconme seoe?what mnagnified! Under. fthe ptn f di lwhiskey very rBaidrkahle lii.?misarere laidinosriist?. sls.ummowi,5rc rsstQty, lapst :Tuesdan night, reportsththoe I asic Ia% Awe mwit abouit 8 s'clockH,'lr eliby haid an cr, narrow escape ,bf 'being burnt out. l?i wamalking the cfanfotsMrs, 0G.jlobetto 'fitl .iir %hiit thue la fobr teli 1iith kettle; it hail' ~j?i 'nimlmved. from the kiaj? i?iiet? the sittiig?op?isI term was a better fire there, and the lad cap` sized it a'nd' steWso fire, inlii tthe hurry -.o; uiet ~ 6't~bshle ikoroenb lanp,1 t1i two creating ai rtuLblze. itt was a regular fight ,between r lr.. Peachl~and his people and the burning pitchtbut after a sharp struggle--the fiery element was suilidito?ithftli dca~ iiTaf a few things, such as the linoleum on the floor table' chltli,'smu :ia pllo'vs, ndiitflitle paint work, as ?the?.iung everything down, tp sa6ther ithorburnliming pitekr. on tlib't1 . AiM oie `time `they thoitgh`tli fire wouild beat:them,abu'utas there wa. plenty:oflhelp at hand itRwas: overcome. cITae: N'Ei lIzntamas:-LReuter's' telec grams in the HIe,ald dated ?oiiioixii 20th Ag ist, says :ir G i iM Berryf Agent-Geiiiafll for Viottai had an inj hope, Sccretary of Statoaforthe (lonhi vhemn imi htdok?"doccasiin'.` too rcs s'i/ Majesty's Government to request-Frane to fii f.,t ', w?? ,ith?,,,,al tl;h French ?leofrii theae* ?"ety IIed ldes.? PiLorSice--The fpllowing amnnetide rates of pilotage haved been substituted for .those-,a present in, fprce,f? r llh otn' odf Poi tlanid-BelfaisandiWarinan-t bool :-For sailing vessels and steamers under sail oinlyin 'i inca 6nt of each of the above ports-2- d per ton; maximamd £10; minimum £2.` For steamers and' vessgls:tto?w .by stgaa..,-Ul--s& iper ton;. naximum £7; minimunm £1 10s. A fee of £10Qis hecefurthf to Ibe paid for every original certificate granted by the Pilot Board, out of which..a sum of £2 must. be paid to the examniner in pilotage for, the saild exaginimfi6nii llm h %" ' THE ImSIH QuesvIOS\\.-.-A Sydney tele grant in thee -Hefrid, "&tfed; Saturday, says:-A special cable message from London, dated yeitErday, states thats the members of the Irish Nationalist League Conventiofit u'i Chicago have elected Mr. Fitzgerald a Parnellite who' Sin7Xd9Rintes Catfioey..w{o repre sented the extremist party obtained only 244 votes. The Rev. 3:.C Pepper, ai inethodist ministerfrom Louisville, made; an extremely violent speech, in the course of which he declared that when Ireland' began to fight England there ,would be one vacant pulpit in Louisville. Another delegate namedFinerty said he for one shouldnever:accept Gladstone's Bill as a settlement of the Irish question, whilte'tlinth?ader of iwarwaa tubinging over Asia, for in-that contingency was to be found"'Ielaid' 'chance. When war egan ,,the Irish should be the first Davitt watmltyprotested against the use' of such reckless language; but Finnerty declared he would not ibe' insulted 'and, taking off his coat:; and turning up his sleeves assumed a sparringattitude before the- one-armed Davitt. The President sprang between the two men, and with d(ultyjindii e Finiertiyto resume his stf." Daitidstringly' protested against the insult he had ireceived fromnFinerty, and sa'tblitiivhen, Dud.itt`7 it s called upon to suffer in the cause of Ireland, he waas ibti fo'rl ldlagging. The bellicose policy of Finerty had also been tried, and proý'Wrd u~ uef til1, He"`believed one result of the convention nwould be to greatly strengthen' in 'the:hands of the league.?.! s'm ,et-za Si J:, - t m1 Tnhitaial othei- iXiachlita Wiho took a leadiig pmia*'int Wiu$" nithf se seriotui disturbanceii hiich occurred at Chicago on 4tl~flyaylaatfwils broimghtito a close to-day, and resulted in seven of the prisoners being codldemned to deaith. 2f~~s~~ *nl: C ('ow.--The-rAlmderney breed of cows are'noted for dairy pur poses. Last yearvwe(Belf'st Gazette) referred 'tothe iSoi;terful yield of butter given by .Mr. Robert Unkles' cow 'P'Jriey," for a period of three months. According tod promise that gentleman has given us the total yieldl of butter by his valuable cow from the 1st of June lasi year to the 31st of December, a period of 7 months, which amounted to 320 pomunds,'a fraction over 10 lbs per week. Yhe whole produce was sold at Is 4d per lb. Here then was a return from this Aldcerney for seven months of £21" Gs 8d! THE three principals in the riotous deiuonstration, made by the unemplloyed near the Treasury Buildings, Melbourne. on Friday, were brought up at the Citey Police Court on Saturday and chargenl with offences arising out of the distur bmace. Williams forinsulting behaviour. was fined £10t, or three months. Broomn. who behaved in a frenzied state in Court, was fined £', or six weeks, for inciting a prisoner to resist the police, and an additional £5, or six weeks, for assaulting Senior Constable McHllugh. Delaware was fined, on two charges, in all £s, with the alternative of two llmonthls. NORTuii Se F}isutix.-Last year there were registcred at 1It of the principal fislhing ports ini the north and eas;t coasts of England 2,8i3; fishing smnacks and steam trawlers, giving employnent to nearly 20,000 men and boys. The above tigures are exclusivo of fishing coles andl beoats at other ports on tte sanme coast, I tluhe lorring fishery during the saleo year "cotntloss thouLsallds" of herrings were sold at prices varying front 3d to Se per huundred. FoR the first time for several years ast the Relief Fund of the Melbourne i~young BMen's Christian Association is ei hausted, and the committee hope th;at liends will relieve tle:u of the embar snsnient in which they are .placed., This fomd is applied to the temporary relief of Christian young men who may be out of employment. During the past month the cormlittee have advanced £5 in this direction, have found permanent employment for one young, mean, tecmlprary elntidoyient for live others. A cdatieroxitxti f; the liia1ie (Couer writes :-Among dog stories the following "lefter Fnf'"iFi liifctclct A Mr. Howler, a resident at OC0 1 recently bought a drny horse fronmtaltM livingi at some listance. T'o hmj,$parise. a otg elowcatle o' olowed the horse, necomnlp;nid hilt to his new hom4 and would on na ti>rof die persuaded to rave.him. h!ihe:oioi lily responded to the affection of his canine friend. lIHe, h g u'heaotgi;lite t.r n&ve; the dog's caresses. -He- quite understands dthbe dldg~isentiinttrats;tnait ?l~iiif t6fi li to fecihyifrienu' standing tloitrlis hind paws, and leaning -agbinst his legs, h favouriteohabit' withW the dog. ' They iplmiy togetlii" i".;the: ptiddolc?, tniblge steadily tougeteor th irghthim aly'sl w rk, fed Itogether, and .sleep: together; so more marked' ease of Danrion and'Pythia§ sentiment-has- never -occurred Tamong, ;what we are pleased to ternm the'iiiferior deication.. Ruth-like, the dog left hotme and friends to follow the' chief object of his affeetio:n.0 :t i r i 