THE NOVELIST. IN THE YEAR '13. This is ah interesting tale of the state of affairs in the rural districts of Mecklenburg in 1S13. when the Germans began to rise against the French. Tt was originally written in Low German, by Fritz Renter ; translated by O. S. Lewes, and included in the Tanchnitz series. CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) How the Miller felt next morning; why Fried rich ap- peired." to the Miller's wife Uke the serpent in the Gardihjof Paradise: and why Fieka thought Joe Voss's son was sent to them by Paradise. " Tt is the Frenchman's ! It is the Frenchman's. Tt is not ours." When she lifted upherhead, and glanced at her father, she looked as if some one had stahbed her with a knife, and the anguish of death was in her face as she said " Father, father." And the old Miller sat there fidgeting ahont with his night-cap, and he looked at his child in her anguish and then again at the glittering money. All at once he sprang up, nearly overturning the table, and cried : " God in Heaven ! I know nothing about it. I don't know what has become of him ; he lay in the straw, that! know," and added in a feeble voice, " Friedrich musi know the rest." Fieka left the monev, and darted to wards Friedrich. " Where is the French man ?" she screamed. Friedrich, with his old iron face, stood quietly looking at her. " God save us !" he said at last. " Is this to be a court of justice then ? Why, Fieka, Fieka ! Do I look like a robher and murderer? I laid the. Frenchman with my own hands under a beech- tree in the Stemhagen wood, and, if the night air hasn't, been too cool for him, he'll be lying there now — still as a rat — for he was dead drunk." " That he was." said the Miller. Fieka looked first at Friedrich and then at her old father, who was listening to what Friedrich was saying, " Friedrich," she said, " how could I help thinking it. You are always talking about killing and murdering Frenchmen." And she put her apvon tin to her eyes, threw herself down on the bench behind the large, tile-covered stove, and began to cry bitterly. " Dumouriez 1 That I am," said Fried rich, " and if I cottld wring the necks of thoce d — d patriots I'd do it. But a man who could not defend himself? — And for his money too!" . . . muttered some thing in his heard and went to the door ; he took his knife from under the latch, and then turned round and said : " Miller, the air is clear again, for the two girls are gone to their work. T have given yon the things ; consider well what you do with them. Tf you wish to keep them — well and good. I have nothing to say against it, for, according to my poor wits you've a right to them. The French have taken more than this from von ; and, if you don't wish it to be talked about, I, for my part, can he silent. But if you are going to deliver it up to the A mtshaupt- mann, and have to swear that nothing has been taken out of it, just say that I have taken my sharp." " Friedrich, Friedrich," said the Miller's wife, "do not be bringing yourself into trouble, nor us either. — At this moment von seem to me to be like the serpent in the Gorden of Paradise." " Fran," replied Friedrich, " everybody knows best what he ought to do himself. Two years ago when I had been taking salt to the Tnn at Kiankow for Rathsherr Krilger of Malchin. and was going to pay my bill, and put an eight-groschen piece down on the table, an infamous rascal of a Chasseur pounced upon it, and when I tried to get it back, three of them fell upon me and nearly beat them to death. I have taken the eight groschen, but the blows I keep in store for them. And if this fellow did not do it himself, perhaps his brother did, or his comrade — the ac count remains in the family. The eight groschen I shall certainly keep." And so saying he went out at the door. The Miller, meanwhile, had been walk ing up and down the room, and had rubbed his head, and had scratched his head, had stood still and looked at the money, and when Friedrich went out, he walked up to his cupboard, brought out Alder Erben of Rostock's Calendar, and looked for that which he had looked for a hundred times before, and sighed " Yes, it is to-morrow." His wife stood with her back against the clock, wringing her hands. " Yes," said the Miller, " if we keep it, we shall bp out of our troubles." " O God, Father !" groaned his wife, and looked up anxiously in his face. "And the fellow has stolen it," he went on ; " the silver spoons have a crest ; but even if it can be found out who they have belonged to, the money is from all sorts of places and won't easily find its way back to the right pockets." " Father," said his wife, " yon risk your neck if the fellow accuses you publicly of having taken them from him." " He won't open his mouth, for if he has to tell where the money has all come from, they won't quite feed him on raisins and almond cakes.— And after all, have we taken it ? They fastened the horse to the tail of the waggon up at the Schloss, and the hnrsp brought the leather bag into the stable to Friedrich last night. Who can say I took it ?" Thereupon he began to count the money, and sort it into heaps. "Yes, but it does hot belong to us," said his wife. > " Who does it belong to, then ?" asked the Miller. " It doesn't belong to the Frenchman either ; and, if we wanted to give it back to him, where is he?" " "Why, Friedrich tells you he is in the Stemhagen Wood." "Indeed!" said the Miller scornfully. " Do you think then that he wpnld lie there in this weather from eight o'clock in 1 « -> the evening till nine o'clock in the morn ing ? He will have gone on his way long ago ; and who is to oi der me to run after him with his money ?" He began to count again, and his wife sat down and folded her hands in her lap, and sighed. " You know who orders it." Fieka was still sitting on the bench crying by herself. The Miller went on counting the money, but looked up so fre quently at Fieka that it seemed as if he must certainly miscount. At last he had finished, and leaning with his two hands on the table, he looked once more over the treasure, and said, — " A third of this gold and silver would make more than seven hundred thalers in Prussian money. How, we are out of our troubles." " Then Fieka stood up and dried her eyes ; her face was pale and quiet ; — " Our troubles are only just beginning," she said in a low voice. " Don't talk like that, Fieka," said her father, and turned his head away from her. " From this time forward we shall eat unblessed bread, and sleep unblessed sleep, ' and you can bury tlie money and bury your own good name with it. " There is no question of burying," said the Miller, " No indeed ! I shall pay my debts with it honestly." " Honestly, Father ? And if it were so — which it is not — would not the old Herr Amfcshauptmann ask you what money you had paid the Jew with ? And would not the French where you got the horse from ? And how can you be sure that Friedrich will not tell ?"' The Miller looked half taken aback and half angry, and was just going to burst out as people do when any one catches them in some stupid or dishonest act. They try to silence their conscience by bluster, as children in the dark try to keep away the ghosts by whistling and singing. But Fieka did not let the storm come ; she flung her arms round her father, looked straight into his eyes, and cried — " Father ! Father ! Take the money to the bailiwick; give it to the Herr Arnts- hauptmann. You know he said he would not forget you. How often you have told me about your oM father, and about your mother, how she honestly earned her bread to the end of her life by spinning ; and how often you have told me about when you were an apprentice, and your finding the other apprentice's purse, and how you gave it hack to him, and how glad he was, and how glad you were." "That was quite a different thing," said the Miller. " I knew who that money belonged to, but I don't know whose this is, and I haven't either taken or stolen it. I have a clear conscience." All at once the Miller's wife jumped up front her chair, and cried, "Good Heavens! A strange man has just passed the window and he is coming in." " Bolt the door !" shouted the Miller, and turned sharply round towavds the money ; knocked up against the table, and shook down some of the gold pieces which went rolling along the floor. " Is that your clear conscience ?" asked Fieka, and looked at her fatherand mother, and said : " Mother unbolt the door. The man is sent by Providence; he brings a blessing upon the house." Her mother unbolted the door, and stood with her eyes cast down, while the Miller grew very red, and turned hastily round, and looked out at the window. A knock came. " Come in," said Fieka, and in stepped a fine young fellow of about two-and-twenty. He glanced round the room rather curiously as if he had long been wishing to know how it stood with them ; made a proper bow -with a little scrape of the foot, and said — " Good morning" " Good morning," returned Fieka. The Miller did not move, and his wife stooped down and picked up the gold pieces which had fallen on the floor. As the two elders members did not return his greeting, and he became aware of the money on the table, the young man said — " I am afraid I am in the way ?" " Oh, no !" said Fieka and put a chair for him by the tile- stove, " Father will soon have done his business.'5 "Yes, directly," said the Miller, and he opened the window, and called out "Fried rich, get out the little cart, and put the horse to, and fasten the Frenchman's horse behind. We are going to the bailiwick." He shut the window, and said, turning to his wife and daughter : " Well ! That's done. Now, pack the things into the leather bag, and Friedrich can pnt it into the cart " — went up to the stranger and said " welcome." : " Miller Yoss," said the young man, rising and giving the Miller his hand, "don't let me disturb you. I can wait; for, though the matter I have come to you about is important, there is no great hurry. — In fact what I chiefly came for was to see my relations." " Relations ?"said the Miller, and looked at him donbtingly. " Yes," said the other, " I am Joe Voss's son, your twin-brother's child ;" and as the Miller was silent, and drew back his baud, he added : " a fortnight ago, I came of age, and then I thought to myself, ' I have no brother or sister or any relationhereabouts, I must drive over to Stemhagen and see if there is no one there who will care to know Joo Voss's son.' " And, so saying he went up to the Miller's wife, and gave her his hand, and then to Fieka ; and, as the Miller still stood pondering and looking as if the mice had taken the butter off his bread, he added : " Uncle, the lawsuit is weighing on your mind ; let it be, we can be friends all the same." " The devil we can !" said the Miller. " And you've been boasting to people that you would oust me from the Borcherts Inn." : " Whom have I said it to ?" asked Hein- rich. " People wjjl talk. Can I help it ? My father began the quarrel ;— he thought he was in the fight— my guardian has gone on with it ; and I have stood by. But a pretty sum of money has slipped through ray fingers, I honestly confess, and it shall not be my fault if we don't come to an understanding." "You want to beat the bush; your lawyer has advised you to come here." " I advise myself, uncle," said the younT man, and took up his hat, " for, if I were to listen much longer to the lawyer's ad vice, the water would run short and my mill would stop. It's very different for you. Any one who can lard his leather bag like that, can fry a long time without burning." And he pointed to the valise which was just packed. " What the devil does that matter to you ?" thundered the Miller, and turned hastily round quite black in the face. " That money . . . that money is not mine." Fieka went up to her father, and stroked his cheek. " Father, he did not mean anything wrong." "No," said Heinrich, "I came with good intentions, and I will not go awaiy in anger if I can help it. So I wish yon good morning. My waggon is standing out there before the yard gate only a couple of paces off." " Stop," said Fieka, " Cousin Heinrich, do not be in such a hurry. Father's head is full of business that must be attended to this morning. It would vex him very much it you were to leave us in ill will." " Fieka," said the old Miller, and turned round, and kissed his daughter on tlie forehead, " you have been twice right and I twice wrong, this morning; yon are a darling child," and he gave his hand to the young man. — " Heinrich, it shall never be said that I drove Joe Yoss's son out of my house with hard words. You want to go away without having anything to eat or drink ? No, my son, you must stay here till I come back, for I must be off now to the bailiwick, I have pressing business. Look, Friedrich is wasting. Well, good bye ! and if you are really in earnest about coming to an understanding, something may be done. Goodbye, mother; goodbye, Fieka." And he went out and mounted into his waggon. CHAPTER Y. In -which Friedrich translates the Prussian motto " sn2m caique " for the Miller's benefit, and goes on a wild-goose chase after the' French nan ; and the Miller finds be has sat down on a sworn of hees. ' Miller," said Friedrich as they left the mill and came out; into the, high road, "have you ever seen an old woman break her pitcher and then put the pieces to gether and say ' that's how it was ?' " " Why ?" asked the Miller. " Oh ! nothing," said Friedrich, and he waved his whip vacantly over the horses as if it were the season for flies. The Miller sat lost in thought. After a time Friedrich asked again — "Miller, have you ever seen a boy out of whose hand a sparrow has just escaped, look into his empty hand- and say ' O !' ?" " Why ?" asked the Miller. Friedrich simply repeated "Oh ! noth ing" The Miller sat still again, and all sorts of things passed through his mind, and he puzzled over some such rule-of-three sum as : " What will the bushel of oats come to next Easter if I don't pay the Jew to morrow ?" and was soon lost in the frac tions. They drive on and on. At last Fried rich turns half round and asks — " Miller, do you know the proverb : ' don't pour your dirty water away till you have got clean "I" The Miller began to. get angry, and after thinking for some time what Fried rich was driving at with these questions, he said : " Are you chaffing me ?" "Chaffing?" said Friedrich. "No, heaven forbid l—I didn't mean anything. — But I know another saying, and that is, 'If you have a thing, you're got it/ And we Prussians have an eagle for our crest, and underneath is a Latin verse which fits that saying as close as your finger and thumb when you nip a pig's tail. And.the sergeant of my company — he was a run away student- — he understood the verse and translated it : " Hold fa -t what you've got, and take what you can get.' Now, this proverb is handy at times, 'specially in time of war." Turning ronnd again he went on. " Miller Yoss, cursed be the shilling I steal from my neighbour, and cursed be the wheat, oats, or barley I cheat my master of; but in time of war it's quite different. The Turks and the French are the country's enemy, and the country's enemy is not better by a hair than the arch-enemy. What said old Captain von Restorp? ' Injury must be done. to the enemy in every way !' Now, Miller Voss," and he pointed to the valise, " that would be an injury." . " Hold your tongue," said Miller sharp ly, " the thing is settled. I'll have noth ing to do with the. money ; I'll take it to the bailiwick, — and I wish I could take the Frenchman along with it. Fieka thinks some bad end will come of the business." " As you please," said Friedrich, " Gee up," and he touched the horses with his whip. " Some listen to men, and some listen to women ; for my part I don't hold by women's advice." " Nor I neither generally," said the Miller. They drove, on silently again till at length Griedrich . asked— " Miller, who was that young fellow who came to the mill this morning?" " That was Joe Yoss's son ; it's him I have the lawsuit with. Do you like him?" " I only saw his hack. Well — yes he'd make a grenadier." " He says he wants co come to an un derstanding," said the Millpr. "Then I like him still bettor; a lean compromise is- betted 'than a fat lawsuit." " He is going to wait for me till I come back." ( Continued .) 