IVY'S TRUST. CHAPTER I. 'Do, my dear Sir Marcus, tell me, if you can, who are those three ladies who have just stepped from their car riage ?' said Mr. 8trathmore, a gentle man just arrived from the East with an immense fortune. ' Ithink Inever saw such a galaxy of beauty before. "The elderly lady has the remains of one of the fiuest faces in nature.' ' Oh,' returned Sir Marcus, 'that is the delectable Lady Asheroft and her daughters. The lady herself is a rich widow; but not even the most needy man of fashion would, I believe, think of leading her to the altar a second time, much as old ladies are the pre osent mania; for as to Fielding's Mrs. SSlipsop, she was a fool to her.' The distingue Sir Marcus Delamere, a dashing member of the Four-in Hand Society, was lounging with the iealthy Mr. Strathmore in the lobby of the Grosvenor Gallery. 'This place is awfully slow,' said Sir Marcus, languidly. 'However, suppose we step in, and take a look at the idlers assembled there. It i in deucedly vulgar day at Ta.ttersall's; better here than nowhere. What say Syou ?' ' If,' rejoined Strathmore, ' you will promise to play the part of Asmodeus, I will therefore, though no judge of paintings, gladly accompany you. M? My dear fellow,' said the B~ironet, '.you could not possibly have stumbled upon anyone as well qualified to act the part of that friendly elf; for I firmly believe there is not a character in town but what I well know. But Syou must allow me to give it in my own idea, for I cannot moralize like :Asmodeus.' 'Agreed !' said Strathmore. And linking his arm in that of his companion, they entered the magnifi cent enfilade of. rooms decorated to the laudable display of the talents of oir own native artists. They drew near a group of people Sassembled before a fine painting a la Giorgione. The group consisted of Lady Asheroft, her twi' daughters, the young M:arrquis of Rotbury, and two others, one of which was a dlerical Apollo of fashion, who seemed to fix his gaze of admiration on the commandicig beauty of Miss Ashcroft. But? how could anyone admire her while Ivy,, her younger sister, was standing by ? The youthful place of an Hcbo, the mind and agile graces of SEuphrosyne, were 'checked by a mild ness and modesty that made her shrink '-from the public eye. . i 'The young miss is pretty, whis paered Sir Marcus to his 'friend, ' but Snew. There will never, I fear, be the s!i'ghtest hope of making anything of her. Though her eyelids -are beauti fully fringed, yet, by their being so continually cast down, they give an air so- .'" " Here they were interrupted by Lady Ashcroft saying, ' Pray, Lord Rroth bury, isn't this an imposition? . They wants five hundred guineas for that little mite of a smudge,' slie said. point ing .t'b a miniature triumph of tho painter's art, 'when there's one here ten times its size, with the boautifullest ri.ribo'ii'T er did see, and only a 'trifle over half its price !':, 'There!' said Sir Marcus; 'see how the yoing man blushes! I am sure lieo is hopelessly captivated by the gentleo Ivy;. but he drqads to call a woman so lowly-born and ignorant as Lady Asli- 1 eroft his mother. Ah, Lady Harring ton! how are you 7' cried the Baronet, as he held out his finger to a lady of an uuncertain age, with a pair of black, penetrating eyes, which she fixed for a moment on the bronzed, though hand some, visage of Sydney Strathmore. 'I have a great mind,' said Sir Marcus, turning to Sydney, ' to deliver you up to this feminine Asmodeus; she learns more of everyone's private history in one hour than I could tell in a year. Come, Lady Harrington, tell. us what is going on there.' '?What, with the Ashcrofts!' said her ladyship. 'Oh, that is an old story. I am on anobler pursuit; don't detain me.' And she darted off ito another part of the room. 'Thank Heaven,' said :Strathmore; 'you did not deliver me into the hands of your fair Asmodeusl I do not-like her eyes.' :' 'Not like her eyes!' exclaimed'Sir Mlarcus; 'why, they are her only charm ! But she is a parfect scandal 'nioger. But, Where, my dear fellow, are your eyes fixed ?-not on inanimate paintings, but on living flesh and blood ?' 'On Minerva, adorned by the Graces,' said Sydney Strathmore, as he gazed at the handsome countenance and the fine and elegantly-attired form of Miiss Ashcroft. ' Taake care,' said Sir iMarcus i 'the lady will lead you a pretty dance, though her fortune, her beauty, and herifalmily, by her father's side, may be everything you could wish. She is in love, too, I verily believe, with the handsome Marcquis of Roth bury, who is the sighing Celadon after the dove-like Ivy, her sister, but who fears to declare himself, on account of his paternal uncle, an old rogue who is invested with much power over him, and who hates the Ashcroft family most heartily. Oh, Strathmore! beware of ~Miss Ashcroft; she will make you feel the stings of her satiric wit. Get that curry-like hue off your face by the wholesome air of your native Berkshire, before you nimake yiohr proposals, or, my life for it ! you will only be treated with scorn and laughter, and- ' Here a sudden inter, uption stopped the Baronet in his Asmodean career, in the form of a lady who had just en tered, and who was handsome enough to command general admiration had she not been so utterly self-possessed, and apparently so masculine in her demeanour. Coming up to Sir Marcus, she said, 'Ah, Delamere! you are come here, like myself, to ]kill time, I suppose ? However,' added she, 'I do not see your carriage, and my victoria is at the door; if you will accompany me as far as my house, my servant will show you two of the handsomest thoroughbreds you ever saw in your life.' The lady then darted a look of in-. effable scorn on the Marquis ofRoth bury, while she coldly bowed to him, which bow was returned with blushing agitation by his lordship. A sweet smile nevertheless embel lished her countenance as she grace fully kissed her hand to Ivy Asheroft, which caused Sydney to repeat'to him. self the words of our immortal bard "' Teach not thy lip that scorn; for it was :made For kissiug, lady, not for such contempt." To Lady Asheroft her courtesy was scant indeed; to Miss Ashcroft she might scareely be said to bend at all; while her arch eye and half-smiling mouth expressed a shrewdness as she cazed at Lord Rothbury and Ivy, as if she had discovered some secretm which they imagined to be safe looked in their own. botoms. 'Pardon ine,,Lady Iltty,' said the volatile Sir Marcus. ' Mr. Sttathmore -Lady Hetty Davenne. My dear Lady Hetty,' continued hei, ' Mr. Strathmore is just arrived from India; it was his wish to view the i'woirks of some of our native artists, and I know not how to leave him where he is quite a stranger, though I am confoundedly sick of looking at these oil paintings, and had rather go :a hundred miles to see the animals your ladyship speaks of. .[ : 'If Mr. Strathmore has no particu lar desire to see the paintings this morning,' said Lady Hettyi, with:high bred courtesy,-'yet, believe me, they are well. worth seeing,-and if he will accept of *a seat in my victoria,it shall set him down where he.pleases.' Sydney bowed assent; he longed to see something more of this extraor dinary chairaoter, and" remarking that he had himself some skill in horse-flesh, owned hiisclf truly happy to accept her ladyship's polite offiler. 'I wonders,' said Lady Asharoft, 'who that swarthy-loking gentleman was, as was leaning on the arm of Sir Markuss! I daresay he is somebody, 'cause I heard Lady .Hetty Davenne ask him to take a seat in her carriage; but then,' ..whispered she ,to. her daughters, 'slie's such a forward minx, I doesn't :voiider at anythink she does ' " Had Sydney, Strathmore bieheld at that moment the vexation and anxiety that spread over t~he countenance of Miss Ashcroft- lihe vould have left the eihibitiori lieairt wh'le, we mnust con fess he didit". '?t Even the gentle Ivy bluished, for the :.Marquis was.close by. her side at t1he time Lady Ashcrofa whispered the inielogant remark above recorded. SHere a lady';of. a complexin whioh disclosed a .residence in some warm climate,; said:suddnly, Where can he be gone ?, Surelyit was a vision! 'I could have sworn, as I enteredatheso rooms, that I: had seen Sydney Strath more. " Stratlhmore'! Strathmore !' said Lady Harrington;., whose memory seldoni faile'd her. 'I .\vas introducedi to. aW gentleman of that name by Sir. Mai·criiSDelamiere': :: ,'The~nit was lhe ! said the lady. (We 'iled in the same vessel to India whcmn'I wont .out with my husband on his appointment to the Governorship of B--, He was then, L think, one of the most amiable and handsome young men I ever met.' ' He has good features..' returned Lady Harrington; ' but he looks as if he had tile jaundice.' There was a fire in the eyes of Mrs. Hetley, who could not bear.to hear a word against her favourite, which struok Lady Harrington, ever in search of adventure; nor was it long before she heard the whole of the scandalous tale, that General Hetley had been excessively jealous of the handsome young Strathmore, who, in a manner, had been a playmate of his young wife on boardl the East Indiaman; for they had played ohess, sung duets, and danced togetlher, through a protracted though delightful voyage. Mirs. Hetley was all life and vivacity; a beautiful young brunette, with eyes like sparkling jet, and hair lie the raven's wing. 'Ihe General was old, gloomy, and morose; but, at the time of their voyage to India,.they had not long been married, and the general wss delighted with the new toy he had obtained in his beautiful girl, of good family, but who had, according to the old ballad, neither' house nor land.' The giddy young wife never once paused to think that whileher husband, the Governor, lay confined to his berth with sea-sickness, and she was playing hazard in the captain's cabin, or laugh ing and sporting with young Strath more on the quarter-deck, she was lay ing up a stock of domestic misery for the very immediate future. Sydney Strathmore was overjoyed when the period arrived for his quitting India; and though he took his depar ture as privately as possible, it could not be so concealed but what Mrs. Hetley was apprised of it, because eti quette obliged him to bid a ceremonious adieu to the Governor. Though her husband assiduously watched her, she contrived to slip a letter into the hand of Strathmore, confessing her ardent and uncon trollable passion, and declaring, as it would be impossile for her to live with out him, she was resolved shortly to follow him. Strathmore was a man of honour; and though he would not betray this reckless, infatuated woman, he told a confidential friend that, for certain reasons, he wished to have it reported in B-that he had died on his pas sage home of a yellow fever. HIis friend guessed his motives; and pressing the hand of Strathmore significantly, said, 'I understand you, and will do what you require. As his friend was going only to the Cape and back again, he soon spread the report. Mrs. Betley was incon solablo. She put on deep mourning, and the exasperated General locked her up. In time, however, she wrought on him to forgive her. He was not an ungenerous man, and he did not carry his hatred beyond the grave. He lived abouttwo years after the departu e of Strathmore for England, sorgiving her on his death-bed, and leaving her mistress of all his ample personal wealth. After passing the first year of her widowhood in India, she resolved on repairing to England. It was a very remarkable circum stance that Strathmore, on arranging his affairs, found that there were possessions abroad belonging to his late father that he had never looked after. HeXtherfore took a second voyage to India, and the ships cotiaining him and Mrs.-Hetley met and spoke each other on their diverse way. CHAPTER II: :. Sydney $rathmore soon got rid of his jaundiced appearance, and meeting with many of his former acquaintances in the fashionable world, was introduced to others by his gay friend,' whom he had known from a boy: the lively Wir Marous Delamere. The large fortune and accomplish ments, with the elegant pepson, of Mr. Srathmore made him a welcome guest at all the routs and galas of this modern Carthage; and frequently meeting the Asheloft family, he became the shadow of Mliss Asheroft. A grand rout was given by the curious and enterprising Lady Bar rington, to which the Ashcroft family received cards of invitation; and in order to discover something more of what she had heard through the medium of her own searching and penetrating eyes, Mrs. Hetly and Mr. 8trathmore had also their separate cards of invitation. The rooms became so crowded that the conqueror of Mrs. Hetly's heart was at times quite obscured from her searching view; but as a call to the music-room caused a jostle among many of the elegantly-attired throng to change the overcharged atmosphere for the diviner airs of music, Mirs. Hetley and Mr. Strathmore came in such close contact that she was thoroughly convinced the well-known form was no ghost; while he, in the over-ripe figure and rather rubicund brown face of Mrs. Hetly, was obliged to call his recollections to his aid, to assist him to recognise features he was sure he was well acquainted with. The lady, however, soon refreshed his memory by pressing his hand with her usual freedom, and, with a jocund kind of laugh, she said, 'And so, my dear fellow, you are really alive ?. What could possess the people to spread'a report of your death at B .3-.? Come, you seem as if you did not really recollect your old friend, Mrs.'Hetly.' :Strathmore could not, in common 'ioliteness, forboer expressing himself glad to see Mrs., Hetley, though, in fact, hie was not. Ho handed her to the music-room, where she was going merely to follow the stream, for she scarcely knewv a sonata from an Irish jig; but Strathl more was an enthusiast in music. The two Miss Ashorofts played un commonly well, and it did not require much persuasion to draw MIiss Ash croft to the pianoforte, as the Marquis of Rothbury offered to accompany her on the violoncello, and Ivy bent her elegant form over the harp. She did not, however, play with quite the skill of her sister ; therefore, Lord Roth bury, who was a complete musician, seemed to pay his sole attention to MissAshcroft. Of course Miss Ash croft had not a word for Mr. ~trath more, who was now obliged to listen to all the frivolous flirtations of Mrs. Hetley, who at length, as the crowd increased round the fashionable musi cians, gave a soft sigh, and a look at Strathmore which she meant to be very captivating, and said, 'How hate ful are these crowds when two hearts wish to communicate! Strathmore, I have much to say to you !' And, giv ing him her card, she added, 'At home to no one else, at t.vo to-morrow afternoon.' She then, without giving him time to reply, mingled in the crowd; and her carriage being called, she departed home. Strathmore was straightforward and honourable in all his dealings, and he became uneasy at the idea of keeping this appointment. He planned vari ous excuses to avoid it; but then he thought again it might be best tc see her, for sooner or later she would com pel him to it; and he had been on too great terms of intimacy with her late husbsad to shake off all communication with his widow in a moment. Those beauteous and expressive dark eyes of Miss Ashcroft's were now only directed to Lord Rothbury, to whom every look was accompanied with a smile so sweet that Strathmore could never imagine i, would embel lish her haughty countenance. His admiration increased, but it was em bittered by all the torments of jea lousy. Ho endeavoured to attach himself to Ivy, but she was remarkably pensive that evening, and he looked upon her as rather an insipid kind of character; yet he certainly thought her one of the prettiest young creatures he had ever beheld. He, however, began to think, what was in part true, that they were rival sisters, and each angling for the heart of the handsome young Marquis. It was evident to see that Lady Ashcroft, though she nodded her head quickly at a slow movement, and waved it slowly at a sprightly gavotte, was anxious when her Ivy did not strike the chords of her harp with that bril liancy of execution with which Mis~ Ashcroft struck the keys; but her eyes brightened when Ivy was called on to sing a certain favourite air in which she was known to excel. She sang it this evening so sweetly plaintive and tender as to touch every heart. A tear trembled in the fine eyes of the Mar quis. He quitted his station by the now mortified Miss Asbhroft; and leaning over the seat occupied by Ivy, he seemed afraid to breathe lest he should lose the sound of one of those precious notes to which her sweet voice and delighiful manner added so much real harmony. The impressioned Strathmore now drew near the object of his admiration. But the smiles and graces had fled; she had no looks but for Lord Roth bury and her sister, and they were now of the most vindictive kind. To all that Strathmore could say she was totally deaf; and though she had behaved to him all the evening with politeness, she now 'turned from him, nor would vouchsafe an answer to any thing he said to her, though Lady Ashcroft often whispered, 'Angy, I wonders at your 'unpoliteness.' Mr. Strathmore, completely morti fied by Miss Asheroft's conduct, and truly chagrined at his rencontre with Mrs. Hetley, repaired.home at 5 in the morning, and after writing twenty apologies, to declare a prior engage ment to Mrs. Hetley, and destroying them all, he .at length determined to face the storm at once, and break with her if he found she had laid to close siege to his heart, so.as to resolve to attack it, not in due form, but rather without form. Strathmore did not reflect that there 'is no fury like a woman scorned.' , Ordering his carriage a few minutes before 2, he set off for Berkeley Square where Mrs. Hetley resided. He was received by that lady in a boudoir, where all the grandeur and luxurious voluptuousness of the. East were displayed in profusion. On a superb ottoman of pink satin, in a morning-dress of studied negli gence, and displaying a rather pretty foot somewhat ostentatiously, reclined the form of Mrs. Hetley, half-sitting, half-lying. I. The sight of the man she passionately loved gave additional brilliancy to a pair of naturally fine deyes, 'and height ened the colour on her 'cheek, where rouge had not been forgotten. He took a. seat near the. window, through which a demijour only was seen: through a painted transparency. ' Are you afraid of me, Strathmore'?' said she. ' Come and sit by me.' Common politeness called on him to express himself in something like a flattering compliment, so challenged. But this only increased the lady's tenderness, who, leaning her head on his shoulder, burstinto tears, exclaiming 'Oh, Strathmorc!' 'Compose yourself, my dear Mrs. Hetley !' stammered out Strathmore. SWhy are you so agitated ?' SWhy!' almost screamed out the impassioned fair one; why ! Qh ! cruel man ! Can you forget; when, wavering every decorum due to iny sex, I wrote -oh, Heaven!' added she, covering her fade with her hands,--'I wrote the fond confession that f loved you ? And 'd6 yo6u:thinkl' contiinued she, as 'she looked'languishly on him, 'that aflame so ardent, which made me 'break through all established rules, could be so soon extinguished? Strathmore, I know you aire too wealthy to be tempted by pecuniary considerations; but I have wealth to bestow, and a heart that never felt a spark of love for another.' Sydney was silent, and his counten ance evinced more of contempt than gratification at this bold declaration. At length, all the softness she had endeavoured to throw into her counten ance was succeeded by rage that totally disfigured it, as her lips uttered execrations against the unfeeling nature of Strathmore, and her mouth literally foamed as she vowed to hurl her vengeance on the scornful beauty that she plainly saw had led him captive. In vain Sydney endeavoured to falter out a few unmeaning expressions of polite gallantry; and when he had succeeded in calming her wrath, he gently took her hand, and said, 'Mrs. IHetley, I know you are good natured, and I am sure you are generous; there fore, I do not fear to act candidly by you-my heart is irrevocably en gaged--' Do not let me hear. the word,' in terrupted she. 'Say, if you plsass, that you cannot just now return my love; but do not drive me to despair by telling me you love another.' ' My dear Mrs. Hretley, this is trifling!' resumed Strathmore. C You have promised to hear me, and you must and shall-if with patience and good temper, well; but if again you interrupt me with passion, or any allusion to the subject I insist upon having dropped for ever between you and me, I quit your house instantly, and we never meet again. If you are willing to accede to terms of friendship, you will never find a sincerer friend than Sydney Strathmore; but I tell you again that my heart is irrevocably given away, and that it will never beat with love in any way responsive to yours.' Mrs. HIetely uttered riot a word; but her countenance was terrific. On it were depicted in fearful array the direful influence of the passions. She rose, and walking with dignified step, she pulled the bell with violence; and on the entrance of a servant, she said, as calmly as she could, ' Order MIr. Strathmore's carriage immediately !' Sydney, happyto be so dismissed rose andtook hisleave; hesawnotthestorm that was preparing, for he thought Mrs. HIetley too good-natured to meditate the malevolent scheme she had now in view. (To be Cntinnedl.) 