My First Imprisonment. Br WiLiuic T. Sijmd. I.— Coldbath.-ia-tlio-T'ieldB. Ssntknos was pronounoed, a buzz of eager conversation filled tho orowdod oourt. Friends were pressing round the dock, where wo had spent so many exoiting days, to say good-bye. All was movoment, a feverish murmur of many voices. The long tension had given way, list words wero being hurriedly exchanged — ' Good bye, good-bye, God bless you!' 'I'd rather bn in vour nlice than in that of vnnr iuden ' — it was Mr. Waugh who said that, although I did not know it at tho time from other voio3s rising from below. 'Oneo more, good-bye.' And waving my hand to tho excited throng I descended the steps, with a confused vision of horse-hair wigs, eager faces, and a patch of scarlet still lingering on my retina. Down wo went, Jacques and I — Rebecca and Mdme. Mourez had preceded us — and we were prisoners. We had been below for a few minutes overy day of the trial, bat now we went further afield. Newgate is a deserted gaol. Tho long corridors, like comb3 of empty cells, stand silent as the grave. As we were marched down passages and through one iron gate after another, I experienced my first feel of a gaol. Those who have not been in prison will understand it when they in their turn receive sentence of imprisonment. Itisafeel of stone and iron, hard and cold, and, as in Newgate where the prison is empty, there is added tho chill and silence of the grave. The first thing that strikes yon is the number of iron gates that are to be looked and unloosed, and the word turnkey seems real to you. Overhead the tiers of cells, with their iron balustrades and iron stairs, rose story after story. It was as if you were walking at the bottom of the hold of some great petrified ship, looking up at the Asserted dcoks. What a sepnlchro of hopes it once was, and how many ghosts of the unhallowed dead must walk these aisle* and corridors, where rings now but the ocho of the olank of the iron gate, the spring of the lock as the warder passes his prisoners along tha via dolorosa that leads to the condemned cells. When we reaohed these grim ohambers wo turned to the left and entered the warder's office. It was bright and cheerful, and the fire glowed from- the grate like a live thing, after the deadly, chilly mirk of the prison. There we sat and waited, and as the minutes passed, and we waited and waited, some faint sense of the ohange came over me. At hist, after years of incessant streBS and strain, and after six months in whioh every hour had to get through the work of two, I had come to a plaos where tima was a drug in the market— where time was to hang heavy on my hands, where, after being long bankrupt in minutes, I was to be a mil lionaire of hours. It was a sudden transition from the busy, orowded stirring excitement of an ex;stenoo exceptionally full of life and in terest to the dull monotony of a gaol. Sud denly I was summoned out. Our manager had got an order to see me, and I was marched back through the unending passages to a small room, where the interview was permitted. He told me that the sentence began from the first day of the trial, and that consequently I should be out on January 18, and Jacques on Novom ber 18. That was good news for Jacques. As for me, my first and only thought was one of satisfaction that e'ter all my pre sentiment had been correot. From the day that Rebecca was in the witness-box I had declared positively that I was certaii to go to gaol for two months. Nearly everybody laughed at me, but I was oertain I was right. When I was sentenood to three months' im prisonment I did not understand it. Now, however, it was clear. I was only to ba in prison two months and a week. I would rather have had my presentiment verified and had an extra month than to have it falsified for a month's earner release. My visitor left. I was re-conducted to the warder's room. At last the prison van was ready. We were ushered ont into the yard 'Look there,' said the warder to Jacques; ' see that door, that iB where yon will be next time you come here.' ' What is that ?' said Jacques. 'The oondemned ooll,' said the warder, with a grim laugh, and wo marohed off to the prison van. There we met poor Rebecca, who was in high spirits, and Mdme. Mourez, whose indignation on being removed after sentence was almost ungovernable. We climbed into the van — not for the first time. We had ridden out from Bow street in it before, but then all the oompartments were full of prisoners. Now . we wrce alone looked in with the wardors. A lamp at one end shed a dim light down the centre. At last we started. As we drove through the prison gates we heard the hoarse roar of the crowd whioh had waited to give ns a parting yell of execration as we left the scene in whioh for so many 'days wo hadbeen the central figures. It was a poor howl, the orowd apparently being small; but like Don Silva ia the 'Spanish Gipsy,' when Father Isidor was hanged, we — Knew tho shout For wonted oiultation at tho crowd When malefactors die — or taints, or herooi. It was the last sound from the outside world whioh we heard — a ourions oontrast to the oheering orowd whioh little more than two months before had followed us from Hyde Park to Northumberland street. After 10 minn'es' drive we anive at Coldbath-in-the-fieldj Jacques and I alighted, and tho van drove.on to Mil'bank — the woman's prison, where Rebecca and Mdme. Mourez are still awaiting the expiry of their sentences ; Rebecca in good spirits, taking all things patiently, knowing, as she says, that she deserves the punishment for the many bad deeds ehe hid done in her life, although it is rather odd it should be given her tho only time Bho ever tried to do anything good. Mdme. Mourez, they say, is dangerously ill of orysipolas in tho hospital at Millbank. JacqueB and I were made to stand in line, and then marched off through eohoingoorridors and the usual endless series of grated gate* to the reception room, where some dozen or more fellow- prisoners wore already assembled wait ing till tho dregs had drained into this human cesipod from all the contributory police stations. We were seated on forms fronting an officer, who entered onr names, emptiod our pooketB, labelled us, and sent na aoross the room to soloot otps and shoes. The night was raw and cold. There was a glorious fire close to tbe officer, but so far from na as to make us only older for its sight; The officer was smart, somewhat rough, although not with me ; bnt ob wo sat waiting an hour in the great empty room with our fellow- or iminala he bec-imo drowsy, and, contrary to regulations, tho criminal crew began to exohange notes. A wild-looking larrikin whispered to me, ' Do you know how muoh them wot was in tho Armstrong oase hag got?' I had tho pleamiro of announcing my contenoe, and explaining that we were 'them wot was in it,' andnotinjf thoBonnation that followed. 'You've got off oheap, '?' said mT left hand neighbour. Theo oome in a broken- down old gentleman who had evidently seen better days. Ho had been drinking, and smelt it, although he was sober enough to walk with a stick. When his pcokets wero searched no fewer than nine pooket-knives were discovered hidden in about as many differ ent pookote. The unearthing of enoh fro?h pooket knifo croduoos a titter of morriraont. 'Now, old Dicky Nine KnivoB,' said the officer. ' what i-4 your name f And tho poor dilapidated, red-cosed creature said his name was Mr. ? , journali-iti ! Poor follov, hii journalistic dava had been over fir no time. ' CoBtermongers,' a priioaer in Olorkonwell, onoo romarked, 'wbon timsu are bad, turn journalists' — a foot whioh explains many things. Most of tho prisoners ere drunk. Several might havo avoided imprtaonmsnt by paying a fow shillings' fino; but when you havo not got a aixponco a few ahillingk' fine ii as hopeless a- a king's ransom. PrUoners aro allowed to seleot their own bats and shoen oat of a miscellaneous assortmoat of all. sizea. Whether the ordinary oriminal head is abnorm ally small, or whether the parsons that had preceded us that day wero abnormally big- ' headed men, I do not know? bnt I found all the hats — dun-yellow glengarries without bntfons or tails— too. small for mo. At last, after trying some 20 hats w 1- had boen going in succes sion round tho sooro of my fellow prisonors, I found ono whioh was luokily split opon alittlo, so that by wearing it with tho baok to tho front, I could get a tolerable fit. Tho shoos wore another drffioulty. Thoy wore fearfully and wonderfully patohod. Somo of thorn wore monuments of careful industry. By careful selection I got two misfollowod ones whioh I thought would fit. When I oamo to laoo thorn, however, I found them nip my feet bo badly that, after Irying them two days, I had to got them changed. My now pair wore so largo I had to fill them up with oakum when I went for exeroigo, and then stumblod along as best I could. Whoa wo had all been entered up, wo marohed in single filo downstairs along passages until wo oamo to tho bath and dressing room. Hero wo wore halted, and font to bath in detaohments. I squirmed a little at tho thought of tho bath from tho description cf the Amateur Casual, but I was agreeably sur prised. Tho bath was filled fresh for each prisoner ; the water was clean, and although it might havo beon ploasanter if a little moro of the ohill had boen taken off, for it was nearly 9 at night in mid-November, there was nothing to complain of. Tour own olothes are then taken away, and a prison suit given you. The suits are allotted in sizes. Jacques, being large and stout, was ill to fit, and his toilot took him a long time. As we had come in with drawers and flannels, we were allotted nnderolothing — fairly comfortablo, although the drawers aro short in the leg. Braces are superfluities of civilisation. So are cuffs, collars, and neokties. The prisoners' oomplete outfit is as follows:— Cap and shoes, selected in the reception-room ; a pair of worsted stockings, even more monu mental specimens of industry and ingennity than the boots— whioh was darn and whioh was original stocking no one conld tell, and in the darning ono of the heela had somehow managed to stray half down the foot towards the toe ; flannel shirt and drawers, a bine-striped cotton Bhirt, trousers, waistcoat, coat, pookethandker chief and stock. The steok is a narrow strip of cloth, which buttons round the nock and over which tho shirt collar folds. There is only one pooket in the suit, into whioh the large, ooorse pookothandkerohief is thrust. The trousers are held in situ by the waistband. At Co'dbath the band had only one buokle, and a whole pierced to receive it. If I might make a suggestion to benevolent governors, it ia that wherever the single-pronged waistband is used thoy will pierce more than one hole in the thong of the buokle. The girth of prisoners differ so much that if there were three holes an inoh apart it would conduce muoh both to comfort and seemliness. Where there is only one hole, and the prisoner is slim, he has con tinually to be hitching up his breeches. It is a email reform, and it could easily be oarried ont. At Holloway the waistband has the ordinary double sharp-pronged buckle, which makes its own holes, and this, of course, is the best. But somebody no doubt is wear ing my old breeches to-day, and although they were of a most lovely hue — a fine shade of rioh creamy- coloured yellow, plentifully bespattered with the broad arrow — he will, if he be thin and of an impatient disposition, to often tempted to swear at the absence of means for girthing hirtnelf up tight. When dressed complete a small pooket oomb is given you and a pair of leather boot laces, an article I never possessed Binoe I gave up wearing a leather bootlace as a watchguard. When the last loiterer had finished his toilette we tramped baok to the reception room, where, after a time we were taken off to our cells. Before we went, how ever, a tin looking liko an old Amerioan beef tin with something liko paste at tho bottom of it and a small loaf of hard wholemeal brown bread wero handed to eaoh of us. I thought of the waiter at the London club where I had dined the night before, and valorously pat the tiu to my lips, following the example of my neighbours. Tho viscous fluid orawled slowly down the tin and tonohed my lips. And ' there it stopped. Gruel at the best is an abomination. But prison gruel without any salt is about as savoury a beverage as the contents of the editorial pasts pot. There was salt in my cell, I was told, and carrying our skilly and our bread in our hands, we were marohed off to the reception wing, where we were to Bleep that night. The warder who conducted ns was a decent fellow. 'Yon had better say good-bye,' said he; 'yon will not Bee each other again.' In this, however, he was wrong. We went to the doctor's together next morning, and also to the governor. It was when trudging to our cells that the warder told us that the distinction between hard labour and not hard labour prisoners waB a dis tinction without a difference. ' If I had to do a turn,'' said he, 'I should prefer hard labour, for you don't do any more work, and you do get a bit more food.' Ar there are very few of the judges who know this, and as Lord Justice Lopes in particular seemed to imagine that by sentencing us to imprisonment withont hard labour he was givinar us a lighter sentonoe than he awarded to Mdme. Monroz, I will quote here an extraot from Sir E. Dn Oane's book on oonviot prisons, the contents of whioh seem to be unknown to at least one judge on the bench : — Extract from Sir E. Du Cane's Notes on Penal Servitude. 'The distinction made by the use of the term 'imprisonment' to denote sentenoes of two years and under, and penal servitude to denote sentences of five years and upwards, no longer has any significance, now that they are both oarried ont in the United Kingdom ; and it is misleading, for both olasses of prisoners aro undergoing 'imprisonment,' and are equally in a condition of penal servitude. The me of the term ' hard labour' in imposing the ren tonco of imprisonment, whioh isTnot need in passing one of penal servitude, might also well be omitted, for any prisoner sentenced to im prisonment should be, and is by law, required to labour under speoified conditions suitable to his health and his capacity ; and, in faot, exoept the speoifio kind of laboar called first. olasa hard labour, defined in the Prisons Aot, 1805, »9 orank, treadwheel, and other like kind of labour, the term 'hard' has no partioular meaning, and ita employment in the sentenoe makes no praotioal difference. Judges ought to serve experimentally for a short time all the vurieties of sentenoes whioh they infliot. At present thoy are often scandalously ignorant of the nature of the penalties whioh they deal out right and left, often hi the most reokless fashion. Lord Jus tice Lopes, I have subsequently heard, ex pressed his surprieo that a sentence of ' simple imprisonment' oarried with it all the penalties ana indignities of hard labour, minus the non existent crank and tho rarely used treadmill. He is not the only judge on the bench whose general information on the snbjeot of tbe treatment of oriminal conviot prisoners stands sadly in need of a little personal investigation and experience. Here was my cell. As I entered it my first sensation was one of pleasant satisfaction. There was the plank bed. I had heard so muoh about it from Irish members, and had so often alluded to it in my campaign in the north, that it eeemed nlrno&t; liko on old acquaintance standing up there against the wall The gaoler explained the whereabouts of the various artiolev, handed me the bedclothes and a mat tress about an inoh thiok, aid then loft me to my meditations. Tho cell was bettor thrm I expeoted-^lhat is to say, it was larger, loftier, and not a bad kind of a retreat, immeasurably superior to all the hermits' colls I had seen or heard of. There was a jet of gas, turned off and on by a tap ont side the cells, tho oloan scrubbed woodon table and stool, and thoro also was tho wooden salt oellir. Prison salt collars aro of wood, and there is no stinting of quantity. I salted my skilly, and broko the broad into it to soften It, fished it out with my wooden ppoon, and trlod to eat a pieoe or two. I unrolled my bed lothes, laid my plank bod down, ftrotohod tho mattrces, and felt thoroughly glad to bn alono after all tho tur moil. Horo was quiot at least. After a little time I laid down and plept. I woke once or twioe nnd heard Iho ohimes of a olook in some distant spire, and dosed again, with a strange kind of ooneoiouBnetfl of tho presonco of an immonpo multitude of friendly f noes all around me. Tbe enthusiastic andienaes that I had addreued in the north wore visible as you see thing! in a camera obsoura, oa this side and on that, and I heard the din and ghostly echoes of their ohoers in the otherwise unbroken 1 alienee ot the prison. At a quarter to 6 the bell rang, and everyone was -on- tho alert. A - warder opened the door and gave me instruc tions. I waB only in a reoeption ooll, Hf , that fa k to say, in the seventh oell on the second floor oi tho reception wing. I would have t.i bo taken to my destined abiding plaoe in the oonrse of the day. I need not, therefore, clean ont my oell, or attend ohapel, untill got into my regular ? oell. A prisoner swopt out my cell. Then ono . of the prjnoipal wardors came round. He was ? a big, kindly man. ' You may have made a ? mistake,' ho said, 'but you have done a good work.' An hour afterwards I heard another voioo ongaged in conversation with Jacques.. Our cells wore opposite, and you could hear a voioe from across the corridor. I could not ? oateh all that was said, but there waB some sneering allusion to tho Salvation Army, come words aboutcriminal vico, and Madame Monrez. Then it oeassd, and in a few moments my door was unlookod, and a man with a high'hat on, in appearance not unlike a 'gent with a ? sporting turn,' looked in. ' Well,' ho said, as he soanned me from head too foot, ' don't you think you've got off very cheap f' 'To whom have .1 the honour of speaking?' I. replied. 'I am tho chaplain,' said he. . 'No,' said I, 'it is the sentenoe I anticipated, for the three months I. am told will bo up in two months and eight - days.' 'I don't know that,' said ho. 'Yon wore out on bail. Your sentence will probably count from date of conviotion, not from, that of the opening of the court.' 'That ?? is hard for Jacques,' eaid I, 'for big. punishment will ba thrioe as long- as he oxpeoted. To me it does not matter 1 o muoh.'' 'Well,' he said, 'I don't auppos9 you will have much need of mo. If you have you oan send for me.' He turned on his heel and die- ? appeared. I never saw him again save in the distance at chapel when he went through the services in a way unintelligible to me where I sat, but I was told he had a remarkably good, voice. His name was Stooken. He had admonished Jacques for mixing himself up ? with the Salvation Army — dooi Jacques was ?? certainly guiltless of that crime — how a man of education could have anything to do with, such peoplo as he, the chaplain, could not understand. Not that he was at any loss, he said, to understand why Jacques and I had gone in for this kind of investigation. 'You- fellows like to carry on to women and all that sort of thing, but as for orminal vice we know all about that bere. There is plenty, but it is. not committed by the rioh but by the poor.' I am particular in mentioning tins incident, because this waB the only creature whom I met. among all those to whose oare, spiritual and. temporal, I was entrusted who ever said an unkind word. Governors, ohief warders,, prinoipal warders, and ordinary turnkeys and. gaolers, together with the other chaplains, assistant ohaplainj, scripture readers, &o.;, were all most courteous and humane,, not merely to me but, as far aa I could see, to all my fellow-prisoners. No doubt there was no animus, or no intention to do anything but his duty, on the part of the Chaplain Stooken. Personally I make no oom- - plaint. I was, fortunately, not dependent upon that official for the ministration of sym pathy. But for my fellow- prisoners, to whom, no is the sole offioial human representative of the divine passion of love and pity, even for ths chief of sinners, I am sorry if he speaks to them in the tone and spirit in whioh he ad dressed Jacques and me. After he departed, I was left alone for some hours. The breakfast of bread and skilly had. been served out, my bed clothes had been, roll-.d up, and I sat alone in the darkness. A dense fog lay heavy upon the outside world.. In the cell nothing but darkness was visible. It wasa strange and somewhat weird expeiience. Yesterday the crowded court, with letters, telegram?, enthusiastic friends; to-day dark ness as of Egypt, in a solitary cell. There was nothing to do. It was too dark to read, and as the hours stole on, the cold made itself felt, and I shivered, in the oell. Might I wrap myself in the blankets ? Yes ; if I liked, although it was contrary to regulations. After a while wo were^ marched to the doctor ; he weighed us. In prison costume I weighed 9 st. 11 lbs. I com plained of the cold. 'Tho colls,' said he, ire the usual dry official way, ' are heated to a temperature of 60 degrees ;' and there was an. end of that. No doubt they ought to be, but as a matter of fact the reception cells wore not heated to CO degrees, or anything like? 60 degrees. When transferred to B wing, where the cells were properly heated, the ohange was as if November had . given place to May. The warders admitted it readily, and excused it by assuring us. that our permanent cells would be muoh warmer. The'doctor, however, took no trouble about the matter; but I would like to know whether, as it is tho law that 0 Us muBt be heated to 60 degrees, flome one ought not to be punished when prisoners are allowed to shiver with cold at a temperature of 46 or 50 degrees... Before we saw the doctor we were insueoted by the governor. Captain Helby is a retired naval officer, pleasant and sympathetic. Just 12' months ago I was down at Portsmouth, interviewing the admirals and rejoioing with' the authorities in Her Majesty's dookyimi over the unexpeotod success of the ' Truth about; the Navy,' and now hero I was in the oustody of a retired oaptain in one of Her Majesty's)' prisons. Captain Helby addressed me very kindly. ' Whatever sympathy I may have,'' he said, 'with you and your work (and in my private oapaoity I sympathise very much witL you), I oan only treat you as an- ordinary oriminal oonviot prisoner, who must be subject to the ordinary rales and regulations laid down for the treatment of criminal convict prisoners.. I hope, therefore, that you will conform your selves theroto, and that you will not subjeot me* to the painful necessity of subjooting you to discipline.' 'Sir,' I replied, 'I think T. understand the position in whioh I am placed,' and to the best of my ability ^1 will conform to the regulations laid down for my guidance.'' I have often wondered tince then what on-, earth he thought I was likely to do that might necessitate the infliction of disoiplino, whiohr being interpreted, I Bnppose meant orank,. treadwheel, ' oellB,' breid and water, and I know nob what e'ee. Editors no doubt are; somewhat rare birds in Coldbath-in-the- FieldE-r bat even editors could hardly baoxpoot.-d to assault their warders, or refuse to pick oakum or to wash out their cells. At 12 o' olook the door of the coll was opened, and a tin pot and tho usual brown litllo loaf handed inside. At the bottom of the tin was a tough, ffluey composition, whioh on reference to the dietary ? scale, I found was called a' suet pudding. I peokod a little hole iu it. ta.trd it as a kind of sample, nnd then do-it-ttd More hours passed, and then I was abke-1 whether I would like to see a gontlemtm c-f tho name of ' Waugh f' 'Wouldn't I ju-.fr' al though I oonfoBB tho kindneas of it upfet mo not a little. It was eo like him, and so unexpected . And as I shnfllid alo: g the coho:r.g corridors,' and was loeV.d in anil out of great barred gates, I felt sadder at Ihe thought of his kindness than at all the lutt. We sat at the opposite ends of a long table. We were not allowed to shake hands. Ho read me some kind telegrams and letters. Mr, Waugh wished to, present mo in gaol with a oopy of his ' Gaol Oradlo,' an excellent book which he has allowed to go out of print ; but that was forbidden. Nothing must pass from, the outer world to a prisoner. He must read nothing but that which iB provided in tho titol library, and only as much of that as in tluled oat to him by the chaplain. So Mr. Wuugh had sorrowfully to carry his 'Gaol Crad'e' baok again. Then came another surprise:' Dr. Clifford, armed with a Homo OfEco ordir, Buoceeded Mr. Waugh, and we had a plei sant, littlo talk. After he wont away I was trnmpod. baok to my oell, which, however, I had to vacate almost immediately. I was taksn uway to tho B wing, and thore placed in cell No. 8 in the eooond floor. I got a now label, B£, and had a braeo number B3wed upon tho other uldo of my coat. Jn,:qnes wbb tnken ofT to another wing, and I saw him to tpsak to no more. I was placed under the chargo of a wardor whoso name I think was Smithora, a, kindly, oourteoug offioinl, whom I rcgiolted not being ablo to thank when I wjb 60 untx pootedly oarried off to Holloway. The woatherifn thoAllora district was no^ usually hot fdr several days hut w-ek. ? We learn from the Warwick Argus that iho maii* orops around there aro likely to perish, but' the orops at Spring Creek are looking woll. Trade is fairly good, and tho local mills aro knocking tho golden grain about, -.produdnir first-class flour. 