8HAKESPER1AN SUBTLETIES. Tho "Swan of Avon" must bo Boroly exercised in tho sphero ho occupies in tho spirit world. Ola liulics of tho super stitious school would say that ho must bo stirring in his gravo. It is not enough that .his goiuus loft to posterity tho noblest "plays" over acted on any stage, but inquiring minds will persist in worrying themselves as to his intentions. . A short timo back a writer in ono of tho English magazines put a coso for Shylock very clovorly bo- foro tho British public. Many pcoplo lmvo entertained an idea that this mcdireval money lender was rather shabbily treated, and that neither Antonio nor Bassanio had much claim to bo con sidered what is called tlio " clean potato." Signor Bassanio was ovidontly as ready to borrow money as any easy going Bprig of nobility that over existed, and Antonio displayed a willingness in backing doubtful bills wliich would lmvo dono. credit to any spcculativo modern trader with ono oyo on tho Insolvent Court and tho other on Cnllao. Tlio Shakespearian Society liow- ovor, went even further into their en quiries last night, and exchanged opinions on tho characters in tho Merchant of Yenico. It has always appeared likely to us that a considerable amount of fun was to bo got out of ono of theso meetings, and now wo aro suro of it. To begin with, ono gentleman tackled Antonio on tho scoro of his molancholy — not a very unnatural framo of mind for a gentleman about to undergo incision of his chest — and Dr Niold, who has ap parently mado a mental post mortem of this unfortunato dofaulter, declared that what was wrong "with him was liis liver, and that had he been called in on that occasion ho would lmvo exhibited calomel. No doubt ho would, and lmvo accepted tho feo of tho period with a bland and aSablo readiness. Our old friond Jaques ought to bo on authority on melancholy, or, as Mr Chester puts it— tho "douco is in it." Then anotlior gentleman. selected Jessica, and cortainly gave it to tlmt fas cinating young fcnuilo rather warmly. Poor Jessica? It was very naughty of her to. look out of windows. It was naugh tier still of her to run oft with tlmt very looso fish Lorenzo, instead of settling down quietly with somo elderly friend of her father's, in the proper quarter, and it was naughtiest of all to carry tlio ducats and jowels away with licr. But history tolls us of other young ladies who lmvo porformed somewhat similar naughtinesses, and though Lord Ullin's daughter was drowned while doping, tlioro aro; imitators of her oxamplo ,wlio have lived long enough to give their huBbunds cause for reflection as to whothcr elopement was a satisfactory ven ture or othcrwiso. Thereforo it was;i'iglit that another gentleman should got up and whitewash poor Jessica. AJiyhow tho poor gill was pretty, which covora a multitude of sins, andwhona daughter of Sion, afllicted with a disagrceablo old father, is sorenaded by a fascinating young follow with a tonor voice, a feather in his cap, and n silver - liilted rapier, oxcusca may bo mado for her for preferring him to ono of tlio rather shady stock of nor own class. Tho treatise on usury in tho middle ages, delivered by Dr. Crowther, did not contain much novelty. Usury has been pretty much the somo in all ageB. Great is Mammon, and cent, por cont. is his profit. Evon Isaac, of York, though vory humble in Front de Boeuf's torturo ohambor, had put Balph Fitzdottorol do Baropurso into prison a fow weeks pre viously, and there aro other mon quito as ready for the same pvogrammo now. As for Portia wo aro happy to oay that ono gentleman i:i roportod to lmvo troatcd tlmt fomineno Q.Ct in a sympathetic inannor," Of courno ho did. Tlioro is aortainly what may bo called u "larky." olomont in tho character of this charming young heiress just u» thcro iB a strong touch of tho "Dazzle" about Bassanio but tho idea of untortalnlng any other feeling but a sympathetic .ono for a pretty woman In an advocate's uniform is simply ridloulouB, As for Gratlano, there does hotBooin tohiwo been. muoh paid about him, but ono tiling k certain, that if over a witness deserved to hq com mitted for contompb of court it was tlmt sprightly and intorjnculatoty young Venetian. Mr Justico Williams would lmvo had him on the Bridge of Sighs m loss loss than two iiihtutos. While un this subject wo rcincmbor a critic who once assorted, and maintained, that a mistake had boon mado in tho lino describing the ghost of Hamlet's father as entering with 11 martial stalk," aiul that it was originally written with " Marshal Stalk," a favorite aido-do-oamp of tlio deceased monarch, mentioned also in tho lino u caviare to the General." Tho wholo argument was worked out in a periodical called "The Flowers of Litera ture," but we should like to hear tho opinions of tlio Shakospuriim Society on tho subject. As to tho lhml himself lie must be used to anything by this time. 