A school todefie "la lsuit," quic e th jus a police. man wearsi An effec ament now in vo, is produe ng a cup of tea or coffee. Ti generally an artistic Uncle: :E BE take dancing lessons. how do yo' g t" Nephew : "Oh' very mucl, lady.is always in my way." ' BracelelE? Xi jarenow very fashion. able; butl71l It to heat a pair of handcuffs; rability, will always be a failure. There v g conceited about that gallant O er who frankly confesed that he d iIU anybody or anything-_ except a At' s er of Natural History: "'Now tel me which of the animals displays the grealast attachment to man 1" Pupil: "The leech, Signor Professore." In Genba the policemen wear silk hats aul carry siler-headed walking sticks. Genoa seems to'be the only' place where a police. man can look as big as he feels. An oldI maid !Lh Aintree, being at a loss for a pin- cushion; made use of an onion. on the' follqying 4porning shae found all the needles had teass .n their eyes. An.inxpieirieCed policeman was sent the other dty to arrest one George Llewellyn, alias B rwn. He returned with Llewellyn, but reported that Alias Brown had escaped him and fled. "You have plenty of reading here," said a visitor .o the editor of a literary journal, pointina to a pile of books on the editorial desk. 't Those are not for reading," rephlied the edit•r ";those are for reviewing." AF mily, Likeness-Some time ago a negroaied ablackpoodle on board a steamer, an * ot nto tears at the eight. When as lieýIhelion he answered, sobbing and poi anae ahe dog: "AhI how like my fanrhoar h tiaoi threoond Church, Surrey, is an epi. ,plap" rurb tain Robert Lewis, who died in ?Cenit An ' who was," says the epitaph, " ? nab, er of peace that when a conten. tionatrtiti I arise between life and death he yiel wic he ghost to end the dispute." S , "anud Week-days.-llead of De. art tt erely toclerk): " How is it, Herr i were away from the otlice all y nesday last 1"" " was ill, sir," was ilty ~mid reply. " ll on a week.day 1" thusi /e I bchief ; " iroy'what do you do o S ys ?" f friend meets with adversity do not f im by asking for particulars. Ils neigla ' ill be glad to tell you all. Thus you t only avoid offending your friend, but y give pleasure to his neighbor. T housemaids, strolling past a bric-a. brac hop, paused to look at two chandeliers in tl window-a ftie eighteen-br.uch one and ne of three branches. " Whicd do yoa like est " asked the younger maid. " t'h thr branches," replied the veteran; "it's easi cleaned." ? g the Chinese no relies are more ble than the boots that have been worn magistrate. If he resigns and leaves theity a crowd accompanies him from his snce to the gates, where his boots are on ff with great ceremony, to be pr,. servhd in the hall of justice. AJI society has been formed to prevent people from being buried alive. If the people whom it is proposed to bury alive are young poets, practical jokers, and the fiends who come up behind you and slap your hat dosry over your eyes, the society is bound t: grow very nnpopular. It has no business to intirfere in such a commendable work. M[exican Actor (to playwright): "Yo1 touch up plays, [ understand; introduce neW plays, and that sort of thing 1" Playwright: "' Oh, yes." Actor:' " Very well. I'm going into Missouri next week with ' Hamlet,' and I.ant you to re-write the play so as to bring inwo bloodhounds and a baby." Worse luck too," says Mrs. Biddlecombe, , having to go out .early o:t a frosty ring, came a cropper. "' Let's help yot re, mum," said a unasty; imperent fellow; d re' a bobby a-commin', and they don't eow slidiu' on the pavement." 'A simple fellow once said of a famous auty, "I could have courted and married tr easy enough, if I'd wanted to." "Andi y why didn't youl" asked his friend. hI, when I proposed to her, you see, she k me on one side and politely asked to be esed, and so't excused her." A reader in a scientific journal asks " How t clean out boilrrs." It is the easiest thing i the world. Simply let the water get tne w, and the steam too high, awl the Isiler ill not only be " cleaned" out with remark' ale impetuosity, but pretty much every' ting else in its immediate vicinity with is t never fails. I I think, ma," said young Bobsby at th' breakfast-table, " that Mr. Featherly finds it 'ather expensive calling on Clara." " \Vh'. Jo you mean by that,. young mun l'.inte:. osed his sister, with asperity. "I don't me'et othing by it," replied Bobby, doggedly; ii only I heard him tell you in the hall last fight that every time he called on you hh roke the glass of his watch." "Good- morning I Congratulations-hearty ongratulations I" Thusa man to his neigi or. " What for 1" was the astouisld is " iry. " What have I donel" "Why I heard you had twins born to you last night.' " It's all a mistake; that was Robino?o,nesi door." " Well, well; then it wstas': you I declare, you are to be congratulated ia earnest." \-- Among the advertisements in a German paper appeared the following: "' The geatlih man who found a purse with money in tl Blumenstrausc is requested to forward it Wt the address of the loser, as he isrecobgnise . A few days afterwards the reply was iia serted: "The recognised gentleman who picked up a purse in the Blumenstrasse re q ysts the loser to call at his house." wo Dublin Jarveys were recently racing o the quays after the arrival of the London it-train. They ran a dead heat ' first drawbridee, where they COlistlo q eof the animals fell,' and the foa glish gentleman-was precipitated ni water. After he hbd been with se'e d culty rescued by the bystanders, and s ' regaining consciousness, the jarvocsv"e p ached, and reassuringly observed, ., S ht, sir. Get up agin, the mares "'" S woman ran out of the house one mo inlcrying " tire" as loud as she could yToi. A estrian, who was passing by, sprang tb stepo and into the hall, and being unsab to ee or smell smoke, he turnel to. gap g and excited woman and ak.l: I " Where is the fire ? I can't see any sigo s c one." "I--I didn't mean fire? I-I m' murder "r she replied. "to thsere a ma the homse1" "No, ir." "Who tried.o m er you " " Oh, I didn't mean murd; he awfullest, biggest rat you ever on chaced our cat across the kitchen ' It isso nice to have a high- sounding n',m for a thing. Hereafter when Mrs. IHardull leave the flatirons in tthe temporary ch?rp' of an avuncular relative, she won't cal : "sapt 'ting," or "popping,"- or "paWiisi[l then Oh, n. She will say c has" ni tecc " them. That's the term a d? tingui insolvent has introdtded in co - nuectil'wth these little financial tr"' actioRad the rea gain which she word si:l prove [society ought, in part, to compui" sate f' loss of one of its mast b"mll it h "i ' critic who said there was too much the stage might have addure Aa din ce tool. 