NEW YEARS EVE AT RAND RIDGE. iins place nas ai ways uad a name for being lively on New Year's Kve, but to fnlly ap preciate this liveliness it must be witnessed. Catching the last train, I arrived at Port Mel bourne at a few minutes before 12, and with the hundreds of people found my way to the pier. Tbe first greeting the visitor receives is the clanging and banging of about 60 ablpe' belle. To describe the result is net at all pleasaat. If any of the readers of Tan Hirai.d have been in the oouotry when a drove of rather wild bullocks are being driven along, and all of a sudden they take a fit Into their heads to go in opposite directions, and tbe bolls with which their necks are adorned start ring ing, then a pretty fair idea of the pier on New Year's Eve ean be gained. To say it was deafening would be raying little. At one time the fifty Delia would clang out in their wildntss and madness, and then it would dwindle down to two or three, but only to break forth again, aud make all the unearthly noDe i ma -pi ruble. leoDjfon, in ma well-known poem, says Bio# out wild belld Acroisthe.snow: The year Is guiuf— Lot Mm go. And verily If Tonnyeon hod bran on 8ndtldge Pit r on Now Tews Eve he would have said that tbe wild bells were nndoubUdly ringing. Parsing down the pier I came to a crowd of youths and boys puffing away at short pipes, cigars, aud frail looking cigarettes. The smell arising therefrom would make the Terra stink blush. Between the puffs tnera youths were howling out "Auld Lang Syne." Perhaps the days of Auld Lang Byn will never bs forgot, but it is a certainty that the smell and the vocal efforts of tbe full-lunged youths never w ill be. At the end of tbe pier a larrikin in all the glory of pan hat, red tie, bell-bottomed pant, and high-heeled shoes, wm drawing " 1 >ream Faces from a wezeaned old accordeon, ard about twenty couples were waltzing, and to see the waltzers was something to remember. On the males ran hats predominated, and on the females sailor hats, with gorgeous ribbons. The couples seemed to be glued together. It looked more like a hugging match than anything else. The man stuck their arms nnder tbe arm pits of the girh, and brought their hand lovingly up to the neck, while the girls in re turn for this mark of affection rested their faces gracefully ou tbe men's faces. Aud sncu nice little steps were taken in the waltz. You could tell the couples were moving, and tbst wa about all. Ttey whirled round and round, and have no donbt they would liave kept up till further orders had not the wheezy accordeon pot sick, and refused to play, doubt- Jwa on account of remembrances of "days of loog ago." With its dying gawp, just as the witching hour was ap proaching, it murmured, "Weshall meet Again," and gave up the ghost For my own part, I sincerely hope that I shall not meet that accor- dian again. The waltzhrs then strolled op the pier, and to their delight, the strains of "Oh Love, Dear Lovo, Be True," mot them, foil time the accordeon waa leas wheety. Two of the leading pain held council, and they made their way into a boat, and after a few minutes' disappearance, tbra reappeared and gave tbe signal to their glrla to come on baad the ship, tbe Darling Downs, I wae told the capmin had given them permission to tripthslightfantaatic there, vo see the helter- skelter was amusing. A rush «aa made for the steps leading on to the ship, axd after screaming, jostling, and pushing, and a female voice crying out,- the ladies and gentlemen were safely Unded on deck, and the ball proceeded. The scene on i he pi® was a rather strange one. The bells ksp. up their ringing, although L was after one o'cock, and rockets and some very pretty fireworks were let off. This to my mind was tbe only enjoyable part of ths night, but even this was marred by the Bacchanalian songs of so:ne ftiteen or twenty larrikins aud Urri- kinosrae vho were warbling forth on the mid- oicht atr, We won't go home till morning." They were keeping np the New Year wltn a ««ng«aac« Couple# were strolling up and down the pier with their anas lovingly on- twined rotud each other's waists, doubtless whispering sweet nothings, to the 44 music ct the bells" 'but oh! what music). Ths next thing to arret the visitors' attention was the Bandridse Kfe and Drum Band, which came down the per playing a very pretty March. This put an u.d to toe songe and dancing, and the crowii trooped after the band. Even the bells did not sound so deafening, and taking adv»tege of this, I made my escape up the pier, aid, meeting with two or three friends, strolled nmnd the town, and saw some more fun, which night be worth chronicling at another time. Ftr the present let me say that it is my sincere wish never to see Saadrldge Pier (or to beat " toots bells ") on another New Tear's Eve. W. m. P. 