Cosas 3>e FilibusteroB. BY FREDERICK BOYI.B, F.R.G.S. "I have heard «i-vi'ra' rcacons f<-.r Wa'ker's fiuul owriiirow," I s'iid onnight to R'-'aslr-v, " hut nono of them seems quite bufli-it-nt. What, in your opinion, caused the 6uddon hostility of the natives ?" " Wal. 'twns just the women, I who ruin-;! us.—Aren't that so, Frazer ?" "That's so, hoss ! Twas the feminine conduct of them 6he-creturs as was found too trying for domestic quiot. The buck Greasers ulued to us quite kindly at first, an' were right- down proud to strut about the streets of Rivas with their little yeller hands tucked under the arms of our big Rangers ; but their complexion suffered dreadful when thov found the women-folk were happy in a sim'lar position. I lake it that's the most riling case as can be for a people, when the female sort go cmzy mad after foreigners, an' 6pite their countrymen to their faces. 'Twas hard upon us, too, for Wcsterny men is mostly large-sized about the boart. Then disturbances followed, o' course, an' I'm bound to admit as the Greasers weren't allure in the wrong. In Chontales, when I was there with the Nicaraguan Rangere, murder took place daily—now a Ranger stabbed, an' to-morrow a Greaser shot or beaten to death. What could the very best officer do to keep discipline? Th»= women just threw themselves at our heads. But we've paid for our ein6, most on us! Of all that hearty corps, there is but three who escaped the massacre by Juigalpa : Captain P , S , and I. Ah! But Texan boys ain't killed like rabbits, mind yer—ask the Chontales folk ! For every Ranger who fell, tliero was four Greasers misled at the roll cull that evening. Poor Schmit, the DuMi man, is not forgotten yet in those parts, nor won't be so long as there's yeller skins in Chontales. He died like a hero, with his back to a nipper tree, four dead in front of hiin, an' five rolling wounded on the ground ! Ah! who'll write the history of our war for us ? I tell you, sir, though 'twas badly planned, an' a credit to no general concerned, except Henningson, there was more acts of heroism, more desperate hand-to-hand fight'ng in Walker's struggle, than in any war since men on this Continent first larned to use their hands.—Was you with us when we held Guadalupe Cburch, in Granada, Jem ?" " No; but I was in the HBsnult that relieved you. Thunder 1 that were a fight —tall as Goliath of Gath. Bully for both of us, Jos; for Henningfion an' Walker !" " Wal, naow," drawled Vansten, " it were spunky, I don't gainsay ; but to live on the flesh of one's own mate, one's own brother, tnaybe, would ha' kinder seemed unnat'ral lo'usdowo Bast-away. 0' course, it's r.-goo!ar an* holy out West; but for my owu part, I'd not care to gas o' that business, if I'd beun in it 1" " Y011 wasn't in it, Double Dutch! Don't scrimmy up so golfired partie'lar. Ynu was comfortable in the States, I guess, studyin' missionary prospects in a high-moral bar-room. It ain't four hundred Yankee fools as could ha' held the bare walls of Guadalupe Church, without artillery, an' without food, for nineteen days agin tbe whole Greaser army ; and it ain't a hundred acd seventy-five of such as you that could ha' stormed a city of ten thousand souls, nor defeated thre.- thousand reg'lar troops. We grow rough skins out West. We aren't all things at meeting, nor pretty studies for seminary young ladies; but Great Thunder! in fixing up a fight we UBO the pattern of no man ! Not gas o' that sifge in Granada ! I'll tell the truth there, as I tell it of Santa Rosa. A victory is a victory, as a whipping is a whipping, I guess." " But is it true," I asked, " that you lived on the bodies of the dead, although the besiegers offered you fair terms ?" " Wal, I reckon some of our boys di 1 so," Frazer answered unwillingly ; " but the}' weren't Americans. I fed mostly on tobacco an' small lizards; but the English and Germans could not keep up so, an' six or seven days after the siege began, there was fresh meat cooking on the fires. No man asked whence it came, or who brought it, or who eat it. HenninRson said to me—I was sergeant of the Rangers —' Ask no questions, Frazer. My duty is to hold this church, an' that I'll do any 4 way, an' all ways.' He whispered : If any man looks ugly about this matter, takr your six-shooter in hand. If he don't catch the hint, put in yer bullet;' but no one breathed a doubt. " The church was like a Chicago pigyard at Blaughterday. Four hnndred of us took refuge there, an' for nineteen days wo held it against three thousand Costa Ricans and other Greasers ; but on marching out, we numbered only a hundred an' seventeen. Holes there was in the pave ment knee-deep in thick blood, an' the air was just alive. Ah, boys! they're beautiful, these tropical lands! Gay, an' fragrant, an' full of flowers is their soil, dazzling bright the air, an' shot with all colours tbe birds, an' flies, an' insects. But death waits everywhere, hidden beneath the brightness the beauty ; all nature's filled with horrible disease, an' pains, an' terrors, tbat no man can dream of without shuddering ay, 60 that I pray God a friend may be always nigh to put a last bullet through this riddled carcase when I drop helpless an' wounded in the jungle ! " But we were talking of the siege in Guadalupe Church.—Did you ever hear bow that was raised, sir ?—Spin the yarn Beasley—you was there." " Ay, hoss!" said the Missourian, push ing tbe logs together in meditative fashion, " there's few left of us now to tell that tale—few of the boys who was there ; an' of them, there's some who secni ashamed of Walker's service. I don know, Jos—I aren't larned, an' don't know much of these matters, right an' wrong, an' all that—but the day I blush for the old general, an' for my lore of him an long service under him, that day I hope ~ may die '. Blush for him ? What act of the old lion but was brave an' gentle Did he ever fail to back a friend, or ever injure an enemy, except in fair fight Did he steal, or lie, or act unmanly What woman di 1 Walker ever hurt ? What complaint did he refuse to answer What property was taken for the general use ? Ay, ay ! But he was a filibuster, an' so were we who bear witness for him Shall our words be taken in favor of man who attackted property, which is sal vation ? No, sir! no, no, no ! What matter if Nicaragua was governed by devils, whom Walker overthrew ? He was ogin the dollar an' the evil one. ' Let s go murder him!' says the English an' the Yankees; an' tbey raced off together, strivin' each to be foremost, as if 'twere match with piles of money on the 'track So the English was in first—ah ! an' they murdered Walker, the brave old lion !— murdered him, at Trujillo; an' I saw done ! Lord !" cried the filibuster, spring ing from his seat with eyeB aflame, there's men was with as that day who now blush for their name, an' their old general an' the oath they took on the sand6 of Trujillo! If " " Now, Jem, don't get mad, old hoss I Mr Boyle here had nought to do with Walker's murder, I guess, nor Double Dutch neither! Sit down, man, an' gas away about tbe storming of Granada." With a short, hard laugh, Beasley re seated himself. " Yon wasn't there, Jos you didn't see the old hero fall, nor read the prott-st he made on the morning nf !iif ri- r. '.r > »:'d hu' b<'en mad as I. Han-; tohnrrt:. an" I'M spin tny yarn.' You ki.-iw Granada, sir, dori't you ? That's th. r.inst golfired desolation «!' •> city ever I KCP ; but one 11:11st ow n i; tron't quite no bud bufcre Henuingson. the Englishman, burned the wholv pliic to the ground. They say the city did 1-ig trade at one time, seven hundred mules passing through it daily, as I've hei:rd ; but timt's a long whilr a^o, when first tin-" Spnninids planted out th« land. Evtn in our time, though, Granada was not such a very poor location. Tiio houses was sill crumbling and ruinous, but they had big porches tbat one could drive a carriage through, an' windows barred with clever ironwork, an' gardens an' fountains in the paved courtyards. Many a si°ge it had undergone already since the Independence: but a population of ten thousand soul«, any of them stubborn Ind'an peons, can bear a sight of Greiser pounding before it pivvs in. Granada was not such a poorshowing place when we attacked it at that tim*. " You must have noted the big ' barranca' all thick with shrubs, an' trees, an'tangled vines, that sweeps half round the city? Twas made by an earthquake, no doubt, but when or bow stems unknown now. Folks in Granada will tell you it's bottoin- ss, except by Otrabanda ; but that'6 a reaaer lie, I'll take oath. Nevertheless, there's no man but Walker would have dreamed of using that black cavern as a road. You'll remember, too, the little church half way between the town an' ke? That's the church of Guadalupe, where Henningson an' his four hundred took refuge when their retreat was intercepted by the Costa llicans. We arrived, a hundred an'seventy-five on us, off Granada about a fortnight after the siego began ; but landing was impossible in face of three thousand reg'lar troops, intrenched on the lake road ; so Walker drew off agin. An' then 'twas whispered round as we was to arch alone; the barranca, an' storm the ity from Otrabanda. Wal, boys, you'll not think meanly of me, I know, though I say the scheme seemed right-down madness an' suicide to my mind. No man living—dead, I don't speak of, for its a lifcely patch for ghosts —had entered lliof that 'crease '/irnaaa 1 ;*' flfl an' 1 what WAR was at bottom of it, or whether it had a bottom, none could rightly say. _ Even supposing we reached the croBsing at Otrabanda in safety, supposing the noise of our march was unheerd, an' the whole durned drive »f UB was not buried alive by Greasers, nor swallowed up in ' quickmGds, 1 nor killed bv snakes an' tigersthen we was to climb the bank, to storm the three barricades in the main street, fortified as they was with artillery, an' guarded night an' day—we was to attack nn' 1 stampede' three thousand of the . best troops in Central America, Costa Ricans—to storm a hostile city of ten thousand souls—to run the gauntlet for half a mile to Guadalupe Church, an' to carry the survivors of Hennin«son's command, with their wounded, down to thu lake-shore, an' embark them I There was a hundred an' seventy-five of us to do all that 1 Seemed kinder madness sir, didn't it ? " But in Walter's army none was used to shirk, an' when the word was given, we entered the barranca, every man, upright as his ramrod ; but there was hearts b^atin? loud among us as weren't used to ruake disturbance. I was in the first lot LB we slipped down the bank. After the first few scrambling steps, it grew suddintly dark—dark as if no light had ever shone on earth. High above our heads, through the thick-pressed leaves an' ugly tangled roots, could be seen a small blue strip of sky, with white stars shining in it. We tramped on, Ind'an file, stumbling an' failing among the slimy vines, clinging to the branches, an' now an' agin climbing the slippery bank, to round some ugly swamp. Word was passed in whispers where a dangerous place occurred, an' long hslt6 was called while S , who led our march, explored the ground. Creepy things dropped from tbe boughs upon our hands, leeches swarmed up from the mud an' nipped our flesh suddintly, but no living beast we met all through the silent night. Now, an' agin, there was low rustling of tbe underwood, an' hard braathings, an' flutter of big wings, faint rattling of stones. A fair show of ghosts appeared to one or other of us, but a Greaser ghost weren't likely to scare one of our Rangers; no man's afeard of a yeller ghost— tain't nat'ral. A long, black, ugly march that were ; an' I tell you, boys, I'd rather have stormed the lake barricades, though they'd been held by ten thousand Costa Ricans. " At last the banks smoothed gradually down, an' the word was passed to close in. Two or three minutes more, an' we came up suddintly into the starlight, an' one after another all climbed the southern bank. Silently we marched along the dusty path, winding among the huts, in which every 60ul was sleeping, until the middle street was reached. Then we closed our ranks in the shadow of the houses. Straight in front was the first barricade, with two sentinels before it, an' one atop. We charged with a yell that near scared the Greasers out of their boots, puch of 'em as had any, an' over we were in an instant — bursting down on the gunners, crushing the life out of tbe little Greasers with Bheer weight of body, slicing down the poens with their own machetes. Thunder! not a 60ul would have been left alive had not the second barricade opened fire. Whoop, whoop ! We dashed at it The balls flew thick as ' pica-pica' in a dust-storm, but nought could stop our Westerny boys. A'most before the dandified CoBta Rican officers had shook the sleep from their ugly heads, they was rolling over in the dust, an' our boots trampled their yellow faces as we charged the last barricade. Ay, there the fight was! The greediest among us bad his fill before that position was taken. But we was bound to have it 1 With tbe loss of half our men, we broke through, dashed Jike a spark of fire down the crowded street, crossed the plaza all alive with armed men, an' down the lake road to Guadalupe Church. Whoop ! That was race! Right an' left, afront an' in rear, we slashed, an shot, an' pounded ! The air was blazing with fired thatch, an' torches, an' rifle-flashes; the airth was heaped with struggling bodies. One would ha' thought, all the Ind'ans of the West was in the town, the war-whoops rang out 60 thick an' shrill. Pawnee, Comanche, Apache, Utah, Dacotah, an' Sioux, every murderous yell of the prairies wa6 heerd there, hot and savage. When Henningson caught the sound of our attack, be saliied out to meet us ; an' we drove the Greasers, thirty to one as they was, right off the road into the forest. We whipped them indoors an' out, under * The author has merely endeivered in this passage to reproduce the expressions he has heard many a time from old filibusters. There is vastly more truth in them than most Englishmen are prepared to receive ; but this is not the place to discuss the question of Walker's invasion. The protest alluded to is as follows :— " On Board H.M.6 S. Icarus, Sept. 5, 1860. , l i hereby protest, before the civilised world, that when 1 surrendered to the captain of H.M.B.S. Icarus, that officer expressly received my sword and pistols, as well as the arms of Colonel Rundler; and the surrender was expressly, and in so many words, to him as the representative of her Britannic Majesty. " WILLIAM WALKEB." The English Captain, however, surrendered him to tbe savage Hondurans, and he was phot nest morning without trial. tin? trees, an' on the shady shore of the lake. Yes, e-ir, tbat was a tisc t if ev- r this world saw* "So wr reli'-vt-'I !!• nuir.sson in Guad- ' upn Church ! As Fraz' r say. ho wiii writ-- I he history ui l i>=•T. war for nn?" Walkr-r was DO; "I" h of a luau to look at, was he ?" asked V =i<s=Jen, after a pai *». " No 6ir," said Bensley ; " Walk- r WHS ju9t about the mea«^6t liitle cuss you ever see. Ho wns penren fivo foit four in heipht, pa!e an' poor-looking, v.iii. slopinp should ere, tliiu h^s, ar.' t-i^ f" t- His father was a banker at Dundee, in the old countrv ; an' Wnlker, as some say, born in Si-otland. My! if that canny old tradesman had known what his son was coming to, I guess he'd have strangled him in his cradle, an' pleaded justifiable homicide. His eyes were the only point Walker hafl that was noticeable. Thunder 1 those were c-yes as would scare a starred tiyer at sundown. I've seen a big Texan, tall as a ' rubbertree,' square an' broad, neither afcared of Heaven nor Ind'an, stammer an' tremble under the glance of those pale eyes, like a country girl caught kissing. If Walker had been aB good a general as he was honest man an'brave soldier, we' i ha'held Nicaragua now." " He was vrry strict in rolbion also, was he not?" I said. " He was so /" answrrod B:;ash?y. Walker was the most piouscst man ever I see ; every thought in his heart, every action, was weighed according to his faith. Ay, sir, an' it'd seem strange to yon to hear that the first lot of filibusters was mostly religious men. Among the fiftyfive who landed at Rivas on the invitation of Cliastellon, there was nieh as much praying as swearing to be hcerd, an' the only singing allowed in camp was psalms an' such like. An' it was right so, for I say we was engaged in holy work—in the redemption of a people ! We were inissioniries of a new coapel for them poorGreasers, gospel of freedom, an' manhood, an' prosperity. Think what this country was when the Conquistadores landed; what millions of happy Ind'ans was thronging it, what big cities stood in every part, what wealth, an' wisdom, an' bravery them Spanish devils found among the natives ! Think of Managua with its sixty thousand inhabitants, the town on Diriangan four leagues square, the twelve large cities an* two thousand villages which stood around the lake! Then cast yer eye over Nicaragua as it is now, an' tell me, sir, if you dare, that Walker had no right to invade the land. Every day, every hour, tbe Greasers fall back deeper an' do?per into barbar ism ; for it's a race that's doomed, an' biood that bears a curse, is the Spanish! Where's the wealth, an' the beauty, an' the wise bravery that the Conquistadores found ? Nicaragua, the Great Cacique, presented D'Avila, as I've heerd, with nigh a million of dollars in free gift; barring foreigners' money, there ain't that sum in all the country now. The Ind'an women of this land were famed far an' near for their beauty : look at 'em Poor, stunted, hideous cusses they are, ground to the earth by centurics of devilish slavery. I11 twenty years, the Spaniards shipped half a million of folk from Nicaragua to work in the mines of Panama: there aren't a quarter of a million, no, nor two hundred thousand, in the whole country now—brown, white, an' colored. The land was cultivated like it's now a swamp an' a forest. Who will contond to us, who know the history of these lands, that tbe devils an' madmen who've ruled Central America for all these years have right to rob an' murder their countrymen at their own ' pronuncia uiiento,' while a foreigner may not for his life an' honor step in to aid the wretched peons ?" " But you will not deny," I said, " that many of Walker's officers committed un justifiable acts towards the natives : hi 6 Secretary of Hacienda, for instance ?" " Let the dead rest, sir!" answered Frazer. '"There's in6tanceB besHes that of poor F , who met a strange an' unheerd of fate last year. I don't deny such acts happened ; but whose fault was it ? Walker came into Nicaragua at the invitation of the country ; bis companions, as Beasley says, was God fearing, sober men, who'd no thoHght except of honest fighting for honest wage. I tell you, sir, twas more difficult, at first, to get enlisted in the filibuster army at San Francisco than to be received in a Bible community. But when 'twas found as :>o promise was sacred, as intrigues was weaving every wher.71 against us, as the blood we'd spent was of no account, an' our big limbs an' rough ways was mocked by the dirty yeller creturs we'd fought for, then men's passion swelled up, an' anyone was enlisted that chose to offer ! So it was that bad characters came among us. I don't deny all as you can 6ay, sir! But when I re member what we was, an' what were our wishes, an' the aims an' hopes of our general, I take oath as the name of ' fili buster' is the proudest title I ever care to carry." 