AN IMPORTANT QUESTION. The following sermon was recently delivered by the Kov. Charles Strong, nt tlio Temperanco Hall, tho text boing Matthew xxii., 41— 46. Mark xii., 35 — 37. "What think yo of tho Christ Our English translators have rendered good service by tlio insertion in tho revised version of Hie definite article "tho" before the word Christ. This inay seem n very (rifling alter ation but it is not so in realiiy. Christ lias become in popular usage a mere surname tlio significance of which has been lost- All surnames bad originally a moaning, bat wo linve lost there meanings and never think of what a man's surname origi nally signified. And so tho original moaning of Christ is lo3t. It is to us only tho sur name of Josus. Tho insertion of iho article " tho " iieips to restore tho original significance of the name. "The Christ" suggests mora than simply " Christ." The full force of the title, how ever, is only realised when we remember that Christ is simply the Gr-ek translation ot tho Iiebrqw Maschiach, or Araiuaio Messias — in our translation rendered Messiah — denoting tiio Anointed, tho King, tho horde anointed consecrated with holy oil, who was to ascend tho throua of Israel in the latter days, and in whoso reign of peace uud righteousness tho mountain of Jahveli's house would ho exalted on tho top of tlio mountains, all nations flowing up to it to worship tho Grid of Israel. In tho latter days of .J milium there camo to bo a widespread expectation of such a king, who it was believed must spring from tho family of David (recording to tho words ot an ancient prophet woo had sung of tho coming glory of David's bouse when, from tho decayed hoaso of Jesse there would oomo forth a green branch, ono who should be lmmanuei, that is, God is with us. Iu Him, would tboy then ho ablo to sing as of old, " Jahcch of hosts ts in lit us, the (Sod oj' .lac -b is our rcjugc." When the tor- tunes of tho nation were fallen low, it was natural that this star of hope should burn more brightly. Jahveh could not have left his chosen peupio to perish. Surely tho day of Jahveh, Spoken of by the prophets iu tlie dark times of old, would come, and Israel freed from tho heathen oppression of Roman legions would yet bo seen to bo the chosen peoplo and Jerusalem tho place where men ought to worship. Tho language of those aueieut proplretio poets was taken as common prose, aud tha Scriptures were searched diligently by tho scribes to see when and bow Ibis Kiog should come. Yo search the Scrip tures," we read, "for in them yo think yo liavo eternal life. Search ami iook, said tlio con temptuous clergy of tho day, for out of Galilee nriseth no prophot. Can any good thing come out of Galilee?" "Jesus of Nazareth, the King of tho .Tews," was written in derision ovor tha cross wo era told. No king, according to the Scriptures, could come from Nazareth. When wo bear nil this in mind, the little word ' tho " becomes a most important one. Jesus, tlio Christ, tho Mes-iah, tho anointed King, to whom tlie words o; the Hebrew poet's coronation odu were applied i — " I 'hare set my K'nuj upon my holy hill. Jahrelt said unto me, Thou art my ton ; this day ha-c I begotten thee. I ie ill yire thee the nations for thi ie inheritance. And the uttermost pari of the, earth j'or thy posse.'.-, ion.'' 'iho Apostle Paul omits tho article. Ho< speaks of Josus Christ. But then Paul had got beyond the mere historical standpoint. Christ to him had in a great moasnfe become the Ideal Mini, the second Adam, tlio Lord tlio Spirit whom ho knew no more after the flesh, as the Hebrew Messiah. And we ought to follow Paul, no doubt, in this. Christ should be to us tlio Lord tha Spirit. Nevertheless, it is well for us to apprehend tho historical significance of the word and to see how the Hebrew name becomes iuvestedat length with an universal significance. Tho .Gospels, dealing not so much with tho ideal as with the historical, speak not always but frequently of the Christ, tho Messiah. " Thou art the Christ. One is your Master, oven tho Christ. .We have found the Messiah (which is beinginterpreted anointed). Behoved it not tho Christ to sutler these tilings ? Let him save himself if this is tlio Christ of God. Art not tlion the Christ ? save thysolf and ue." What the disciples of Jesus at first thought was that Jesus wns lie who would redeem Israel, tho King who would restore tlie Kingdom, and have a throne with seats on tho right hand and on tiio left. The first Apostles labored to show that Josus was the Christ or tbo Messiah in whom tho nation's hopes wore j ot to ho ful filled, notwithstanding Jesus had been eruci- fiod. The cross was the stumbling-bloeln How could he be Messiah and yet bare been crucified ? When, then, Jesus asks the Rabbis what they think of the Christ, whoso son bo is, wo aro ro- mindod in the first place of the Hebrew Mes sianic expectation, wliiek in Inter Judaism bo- came so prominent, and on which turned tho destiny of tho nation. Judaism iu its later development centres in the Christ, the Mes siah. Its faith nnd hope nro bound up in him, ns the Bon of Qod and tho King of Israoi. " I adjnrethoo, "cries Caiapbas, "by the living God, that thou toll us whether thou bo tlio Christ, tbo Son of God." Jesus's question therefore is a most crucial one. It is equivalent to, What think yo of tho true king of Israel, the true Son of God, the truly anointed of God? What makes him such ? Is it his descent from n particular family ? Is it on tills that the future of the nation depends? Is God's Son as you call him in whom all your nutiou's hopes centre, God's Son, God's Anointed, Israel's King, tlio Messiah, by virtue of his descent from tlie an cient lioueo of David? "How does David cull liim lord ? " That -was a crucial question we say, like that other whioh Jesus on another occasion asked, "Tho baptism of John, wns it from heaven or of men?" It was a question which, liko that other also, Jesus apparently left unan swered, but which suggested its own answer, and of which doubtless the teachers of tho day saw with alarm the drift Why should ho" have asked that question wo can imagino lliem saying, and why should he havo quoted that 110th psalm if ho didn't moan to throw doubt on onr belief ill tha Christ, tbo Messiah, tho Son of God? Jesus, wo fear, is undermining the faith. Whoso sou is ho? How is ho David's son ? These wore suspicions questions. It is plain that Jesus docs not think of tbo Christ as wo do. It is plain that Josus at taches no importance to tho Davidic descent of tbo Messiah, and so it is plain also that Jesus has dangerous ideas about the future of tho nation and of our religion. Hero we can picture scribes and rabbis shaking their heads and saying, Tho son of Joseph has gone far wrong ou tho fundamentals, on the vital point in tho faith, tho ono point on whieii error is fatal — tbo doctrine of tho Messiivl). From tho orthodox point of view Jesus was wrong, for by God's Anointed, God's Son, the rabbis meant something different from what Jesus meant By tbo Mossiab, tho Christ, tho King, they meant nn earthly prince, at tested by signs and wonders as God's mes senger or God's Son in tlio sonso of tho second l'salm where Jahveh savs, Thou art my ton, tho restorer of tho kingdom of Israel, who would dash his enemies in pieces liko a potter's vessel and rulo thsni with a rod of iron, and to whose enemies the advice is given, " Kits the Son lest he he anyry and ye J'frith Crj the wait; Jor hit irvnlh mil roon he limited. Jilessef are all they that put theirirust in him." Jesus on the other hand meant by the Christ 0110 who was anointed, not with sacred oil, but with the Spirit, ou whom tho Spirit de scended like a dove— to use the metaphor of a later age — anointed to proclaim deliverance to tlio captives and the opening of tho cyos to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to bring good tidings to the poor, nhd to preach the acceptable year of tho Lord. Josns meant by King what the author of tho fourth gospel; catching His spirit if not exactly II is words, represents Him its saying — " To this end was I born, nnd for this cause came I into tha world, that I should bear witness of the Trnth ; everyone that is of tlio Truth lieareth My voice." Josns's idea of tbo Messiah wns that ot one who needed not - signs and wondors to proclaim His advent. "Neither shall tney say lo, hero! or there! Lo! tho Kingdom of God is among you or within you. An evil and adul terous generation seokuth altera sign." To him the symbol of the Christ was n little child. "Whomever shall bumble himself as this little child tho sanio is greatest in the Kingdom of God." To Him the Messiah was not discover able by ancient records and old genealogical trees. His right to be King was established by tbo Kingiy Spirit, by His power to bind the hosts ot evil nnd set tho captives free. And when Je6us spoke of God's Son, it. was very eviJ dent that he meant not God's .Sou iu the old Hebrew sense of tho psalm alreadv quoted, in whioh the King of Israel is spoken of as God's Son. or of that passoge in 1L h'amuel, where Nnthnn tlio prophet, speaking in the name of Jahveh to David, says of Solomon, " I will be liis father and iio shall bo inv .Son. " To the Hebrew there was a gulf between God aud man. Hebrew religion is strict mono theism, nnd God's Son seems to be but a term of special favor, as when it is written, Out of Egypt havo 1 called My Son, Israel being thus spoken of as Jahveh's Son. Hut Jesus seomed to mean something else than this. The Greeks also spoke of tho sons of Uo.1. Their heroes and great men were said to be the children of tho gods and goddesses who sometimes visited the earth. The Greek gods were really human beings, or at least, unlike the God of Israel, they were not separated by a clear line of de marcation from men. Jesus, however, if be does not use the phrase, Son of God, in tho old Hebrew sense, certainly does not uso it in the Greek wnse. Bon of God teems with Hiin to denoto tho relation of the child-Spirit to tho parent-Spirit. It is an earthly relatiobship spiritualised. The Son of Man, a phrase borrowed from Iho Old Testa ment also, but with a fuller meaning on His lips than on tlio lips of Ezokiel or Dnniol, is Hon of God in virttio of a cnnimdn Spirit. Tln-yknoir each other as failicr known child, ns the child's heart knows the Father. " No man kuoivetli llio Father but tho Son, and no ono knuwotb tiio Son btit tlio Father." Ttius Jesus thought of tlio Christ as tho Son of Man iu whom dwelt tlio Father, and who dwell in tho Fai her. As a modern German writer has expressed it : — "The expression is simple, but the tiling signi fied is now. Jesus first knows Himself, not in emotion, but in sober quietness to be Gul's child ; before Him no ono over felt Uimnelf to bo so. or called Himself no. Ho is tiiciirsUhoru of the Father, yet, according to His own view, tho first-born among many brethren." (Well- liauacn, lleliyion of Israeli) Jesus feels him self ono with Go-l, bnt it is a oneness in which Ho calls His brethren to share that thuy may be one with Him in God. "To as many as received Him to lliem gave He power to become sons of God — boru of God." "Behold, writes oue who saw in' o the meaning of Jesus's life, what manner of lovo tiio Father liath beslowud upon us that we should be called children of God." The Messiah ot Jesus is n spiritual being, living and moving and having His life in the Father of Spirits. To Him tlio old phrase, common to Jew and Gentile, "Son of God," and thu old phrase of the Hebrew prophets, " Son of Man," become, as wo read in John's gospel, words of Spirit nnd Life, tiio Hebrew or Gentile " flesh" profiting nothing. Willi, think ye of tho Christ, tho Messiah? Whose Son is He? There lay in a nutshell tho question of the difference between Jesus and the religious world of His day. It was evident that tboy and Ha thought of the Christ iu very different ways, nnd so of necessity iu very different ways also of tho calling of Israel and tha future development of Israel's kingdom and religion. Yes, that was the all important question of the day — What think ye of tho Christ? Whose Hon is Ho ? So much for tho original significance of our text. But its significance is not exhausted by reference to the time of Jesus. When Jesus dopnrted, thisquestion still marked the dividing lino between Christian and non-Christian in theology. Tho old Hebrew notion of tho Christ passed into the Christian Church. Many of tho first disciples belierod in Jesus ns the Christ, tlio Messiah (hence tho name Chris tians, or people who betievo that Josus is Mes siah or Christ), but their Christ was still what Paul calls a Christ after tbo flesh. Tlio j bo- ' lioved that Jesus was the Son of God in the oid Hebrew sense, not in Uie sense in which Jesus used the words. Ho was to them a great earthly prince, who had indeed been crucified, but who would yet assume tlio lricgly role nnd prove himself the Christ or Messiah of Israel, after the orthodox fashion, when Ho would lake unto Hint His great power and reign in the manner spoken of in tlio Apocalypse. Hide by- side with tlas Christianity flowed another and more spiritual, according to which Jesus was the Christ, the Son of God, but not in tiie old sense, or not altogether in the old sense, a Christianity represented iu thu most spiritual portion of tlio epistles and iu such chapters ns tlie 14th, or tho 15th, or the 10th of John. Jesus is thus the Christ in the spiritual nnd most profound sense. The older orthodox view- falls into the back ground, even when it does not altogether disappear. Ke is the Way to the Father. Ho is the Truth and tho Life. He is tlio Light of tho world. Ho is the reconoiior of Jew and Gentile in one Body to the Father. He that abides in him abides in God. Ho comes again not in flaming clouds, but in the Spirit of Truth and Pence, tlie abiding Comforter. To bo in Him is to bo a new crea ture and to cry Abba Father. To have faith in Him is not simply to believe that Ife is tho anointed King of Israel, bat, yielding to jlim as spirit to- spirit, lo bo sons and daughters of God in Him, free from the old law, walk ing in lib- rty and love, fellow citizens and of the household of God, that God who is Spirit, Light, Lovo, aud who is God alike of Jew anil Gentile, and tlio fulfilling of whose law is charity. And still further, we may say, as we follow the history of Christianity, there is yet a third view of tho Christ, which wo may call the Greek view, conceiving of tho Son of God after the Greek fashion, not as a deep spiritual being, whose lito is in God, and m whom God abides, but as one whose deepest relation to tiie Father is expressed in tho metaphysical distinc tions and abstractions of the later creeds. To bo n Chrlstinn in tiiis sense is to believo that Jesus was the Christ, aud that tho Christ was the Son of God in the wnyiu wliicli Greek my thology or Greek pkibeoiffiy might conceive of God's Son. Theso three .views of the Christ, so different, flow together, not only through tho first ages and the middle ages of the religion known as Christianity, but oven' in tho Christianity of to-day. Still thu question, which determines the na ture aud value of men's religion is : — What think to of tbo Christ? "Whose Soil is Ho ? We have the orthodox Hebraistic view of Christianity, differing not in its muibods, 'but only in its conclusions from ancient Judaism, searoliing tho Scriptures, the letter of the Scriptures, for proofs, and basing the cvidenco of Christianity and of tho divinity of J-sus on signs and wonders. Its Christ is the Hebrew Messiah in a slightly altered form. He is God's anointed King more in tho seuse of the 2nd Psalm than of the King of Truth spoken of in John's Gospel. Wo have the Greek view of Christianity which says, I believe' that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God, in a mythological sense, or in a cold metaphysical and abstract sense, and wbieh makes logical dogmatism us to the hypostasis, the substance, the distinctions of the Godhead and tho eternal or non-eternal procession of tho Holy Ghost, tbo essence of a laitb without which mon shall, ns the Athauasiau creed says, without doubt perish cverlustingly. Theso two views— the.Hebrnistic and the Greek — aro often blended, runniug into mid ont of each other, and forming a struugo intrionla web in whose mazes wo seem to lose sight alike of Jesus and the Father. But be sides these views there is what wn venture lo onll the distinctively Christian view, that which is most iu accord with our conception of Josus nnd Ilis teaching, which to tho question, What think yo of the Christ ; whose Son is He? answers: — TheCiirist, the anointed of God, the true Kiug of Israel, tlio Redeemer of Iho Kingdom, is IheKing ofTruth, tho Lord of Love, tho best and fullest manhood, the Son ot'.Man, the child of the Spirit who -consciously lives in God anil knows himself as spirit j one with tbat God who is Spirit, Light and Love, boru of God, the Son of God. Jesus is tbo Christ, from this point of view, as Ho is Son of "Man and Son of God, and those who have His spirit are the Christ too, for they aro in the language of Paul, Hie Body, His Flosl't and His Blood, just <is the true Israel is- called by the prophet tho Son, tho choionof Jehovah. ' What think ye of the Christ? Whoso Son is Ho? beoomes then no mere question in tlicqlogy, answered differoutly by different- sects and schools, but the cruoiat question by the answer to whioh is determined the spiritual or non-spiritual mind whether of churches or of individuals. By the answer to it is determined a man's whole view of Christian religion, the church and tlio destiny of tho human race. For in the answer which is returned lies his conception of the kingly, the divine, the human, the redemption of man, tho estab lishment of tho kingdom of God. What think yo of tho Christ that was, of tho Christ tlmt is to be, yo churches, ye nations, re men and women ? Snch seems to be the question. Was He, is He to be a King after the fashion of tlio Kings of tho world, a Hebrew King, a Roman Emperor, a leader of modern fashion or a plutocrat? "Was He, is Ho to be Son of God in tho sense in which Pharaoh King of Egypt nnd the Emperor of China aro tho sons of God? Was Ho, is He to be n mythological being or a metaphysical abstraction to bo argued about, defined nnd imprisoned in your creeds ? W.-i": Ho and is He to be of this Beet, or of that, of lliin church or of that, of this century or of that? Was Ho whom you regard as the Revelation, the Messenger, the Son of God, the control point of the world's history, and is Ho to bo tlio incarnation of brute force, n mere wonder and sign worker, an unnatural prodigy, a per- petnator of division between Jew aud'Gentile Christian and Christian, the symbol of Jewish nationalism or British nationalism or Christian formalism and churchism ? Or was He anil is He to be the incarnation of Spirit, Lisht, Libortv and Love, the highest, trcnsi IhfitiltArul nnw n..n I can conceive, tlie Redeemer ot man irorn sc'f and t'uo animal, tho Prophet of humanity, healer of division, saviour of sinners, frioud of the children, inspirer of hope and faith and love, revelation of God us Father nud of Man as Hon, Hon of God, Sou of Man, Word of Goii uttered out of the deptliB of human nuture find out of tile heart of the universe? \- Who iBthe Christ to us, brethren, and wboso Son is He? On the answer to the question bung Israel s future. On the answer to it hangs ours us nation and as church. Wo too have our Messiahs. Shall we cbocee the Christ of tradi tion, narrow, vengeful, unloveable, or the dry- abstraction of the schools, or tho creation of Christian mythology, or the respectable Christ of society, or the Christ of a materialistic a-e con of blind force ami the brute ? Or shall tve choose as our guiding Star, otir Hope, our Re deemer, our King, Jesus with his profound sense of union with God, sonshiD and brother hood—Jesus, meek aud lowly in heart. Son of Man. Son of God, quickening spirit of liberty truth and love? Shall the Christ bo to us the phautastic Christ of mediawa ism, the creatici of fear, or the invention of the priest— the dead Christ of a past age— or shall he be tb- Spirit of a New Man, living faith in whose humanity and divinity cau alone redeem and elevate ua and be the foundation of church, nation and civilisation, against which the gates of Hades shall not prevail ? What think ve of the Christ? Whose bon is He ? That is no ques tion of the schools, no riddle of nu abstract theology, but the most practical of modern questions, the answer to which is given not with the head only hut with tho heart— tho an swer to which we are each giving iu'our lives us sons of the light or sons of the animal dark- ness— sons of the Spirit or sons of the children of the bondwoman or of the free children of the Father or children of the devj' 