THE SUNKEN TaEASURE. The spirited girl-though she mentioned nothing of the sort to Caroline-even took care that the stick should be a sword-stick. She carefully ascertained that the weapon, whose glittering elasticity and sharpness she had often amused herself in essaying, w.s in the sheath, and ready for action I If they were insulted, thought Julia, she had only to d'splay this formidable ally to secure them respect ! Poor child I she did not know it requires the heart as well as the weapon both to strike and weild. ' How dark it is,' whispered Julia, as they stepped out into the kitchen garden. 'So much the better, dear ! No one can see us !' said the breathless but determined Caroline. 'Ah, Carry! I used to think I was the braver of the two- but when people are in love !-No, I won't have it you are in love with him now-so unworthy as he has proved himself!' Yet what but love-love of the most exalted, resolute, and unselfish character could have induced a young and timid woman to venture through the darkness and solitude of night, on such an errand? The kitchen-garden, with its cucumber frames and laden gooseberry bushes bathed in glistening dew, is passed ! The gate un barred, and carefully closed behind them. And now the cousins speed with trembling and hurried steps through the darksome shadows of the wood ! If Frederick Graham could have seen his heart's idol out thus alone ahd unprotected, on his account, in the midst of the gloomy solitude thus traversed, what would have been his sensations ! But at that moment he lay asleep dream ing a happy dream of reunion and happiness! Attired in a garb of such dazzling glory that it seemed like the robe of Solomon at his proudest, when he dedicated the temple the young lover was kneeling to offer the treasure of Sultan Avery, rescued from the deep, to his beloved Caroline! He was murmuring in his happy trance the words "And now, Caroline ! do you believe in your aunt's calumnies any longer? Did I love you for your wealth alone?' Is there not indeed some magnetic com munication between spirits, however sundered drawn to each other by so deep and passionate an affinity ? It seemed to Caroline that some such words as these came to her ear on the winds through the dense summer foliage of the wood, as she entered it with Julia ! She did not dare to confess so much to her companion, lest Julia should imagine she was really possessed by delirium. But she took so much heart and courage on the fancy, that Julia was astonished. " What possesses you, Caroline ? You really seem as if you were afloat on the wind, and were carrying me on with you, with scarce an effort on my part !' 'We shall be at the Black Mill in a moment. We shall save him, perhaps. At all events, he will repent the more when he perceives how fond and true a heart he has broken !' In reality, the cousins passed through the wood, over the dark, murmuring water of the brook that gave its name to the- locality, and sped along the silent fields like two smooth sailing swans through the liquid and unresist ing air. ' We shall have daylight when we return, that is one comfort!' observed Julia. Toward the east the sky looked grey, and was fringed with a faint golden verge. 'It matters not, God will protect us whether in darkness or light !' 'But we ought not to tempt Providence, by venturing out of doors in the open fields at midnight-Good heavens, Caroline, what is that I wonder ?' exclaimed Julia. ' Hush, it is nothing! What do you mean !' returned Caroline. * 'It is a man !' said Julia. 'Keep still, then' A poacher, perhaps be will pass. We cannot conceal ourselves here, but he will not know who we are unless we betray ourselves !' returned Caroline, firmly. They now p.erceived the figure of a man crawling over a gate at the end of the field they were traversing. He seemed quite faint and exhausted-almost as if he had sustained some severe bodily injury, and was dragging himsely slowly to a place of succour. A thought struck Julia's rapid intelligence. 'Let us stand quite motionless. The night is dark, and unless helooks particularly -' The advice was adopted before it was fully given, and the two girls, resolutely determin ing not to tremble, ensconced themselves as deeply as they could in the underwood. It was luckily of thorn and silver birch-the "lady of the woods,"-so that their outlines were not of a character to enforce attention. But the man himself was too much absorbed to notice circumstances even of an unusual character. He passed them breath ing thickly and pantingly, like a hunted animal. It was, in fact, Patrick Rourke, somewhat rallied from his first consternation in the affair of the-Black Mill, and making the best of his way, to put his plan with regard to his daughter, in execution, towards his home in Brook. Julia recognised him. ' Thank goodness !' she exclaimed, ' we shall only have Frederick to deal with. There goes Patrick Rourke !' 'The story is true, then; they were in conference together ! I am glad the ruffianly old man has not sustained much injury in the contention it appears they had-but, gracious heaven, perhaps he has murdered him, too !' 'Do not say so, Caroline, or I shall not have strength to move another step !' exclaimed Julia. ' I must know theworst, thought it should kill me !' replied our heroine, pressing wildly forward, and almost dragging her cousin om with her. Neither of them afterwards could well have described how they passed over the inter vening distance to the mill : it was like the annihilation of space in a dream. They arrived, and that was all they knew. 'There is a light in the mill! He is there I' gasped Caroline. ' Surely, if he had done the deed, he would never have dared to take refuge here-the mill is said to be haunted. Frederick ! Mr. Frederick Price !' ejaculated Julia. 'Don't call-some one else may be with in hearing. Let us go upstairs anI speak to him', said Caroline, ever most anxious for her lover's safety.. Julia reached the decayed step that led upward into the old mill the first; but she hesitated to proceed. 'They do tell such shocking stories of the place, Cary !' 'Every instant is of consequence-of life .nd-death consequence!' said Miss Sidney, and stepping past her cousin, she resolutely led the way. In a few moments.both ~stcod un the first decay: floor of the mill. They easly opened the doof :that admitted to it, for it was off the hinges, and was only slightly secured by being placed in a leaning position against the entrance. A beam of red light, as if from the expiring embers of a fire, shone down a ladder leading to an upper chamber of the ruin, and revealed an intricate mass of ruinous timber work and machinery, covered with dust and cobwebs, around them. Caroline herself now thought it advisable to speak. 'Fredrick !' she exclaimed, in a low tone, but one full of agonised feeling. ' Fredrick Price !' raising her voice, ' I am here ! I would speak a single word with you that-that concerns your safety, nearly! Frederick! Caroline Sidney speaks to you !' Some one certainly stirred or rather started, above, as if disturbed from a sound sleep but no one answered. ' He is listening ! he has not recognised your voice, and is perhaps afraid we are the officers !' said Julia, revealing, in the hurry of her ideas, that the suspicion of Frederick's guilt had cast its shadow into her usually clear and sunny atmosphere of opinion. ' Frederick Price !' she continued, in raised tones, ' we are your friends-Miss Sidney and Julia Rushton ! We are alone.' 'Jimminy ! if this isn't thequeerest go I've heard on for some time, make pork of me, and send me up river to feed niggers !' said a strange voice, in reply, as it seemed, to these gentle summonses, and an unknown figure presented itself, crouching on all fours, and gazing down the ladder at the new arrivals. Caroline perceived at the same instant, but without losing her self- possession, that the speaker held a pair of pistols, one in each hand, as if ready to discharge them on any impulse of fear or suspicion. 'Two wenches !' continued the denizen of the Black Mill, eyeing them with evident amazement. ' No ! an old 'un and a young 'un ! Strangers, who are you!' 'Is not Frederick Price, a young gentle man of that name, lodging in this-in the mill, sir?' said Caroline, with firmness, though much alarmed, while Julia-the valiant and armed Julia-was unable to articulate a word. 'Frederick-Frederick Price ! Is that his name?' returned the unknown, with evi dently startled attention. 'Is that the name ot the young fellow they were talking about here-concerning a girl and a murder awhile gone?' 'It is very likely, sir !' responded Julia, for Caroline, in her turn, had become speechless. ' Are you a friend of his ? You seem, sir, to be a sailor? (she observed his broad-brimmed straw hat in the reflected light). If you are aware of his presence, tell him we have a word or two to say to him which may be of very great consequence to him. If he thinks it necessary to conceal himself from others, say only that Caroline Sidney is here, and I am sure-I am sure he will trust himself to speak with us!' 'Well, if this don't beat me !' exclaimed the locataire of the haunted mill. 'Just you wait the crack of a whip, young woman, and I'll be down with you, and hear what on airth is the meaning of it all !' ' Let us go, let us, run home, Caroline ! I don't like the look or manner of this man, at all! Frederick is not here, I am sure, or he would have come to us at once !' said Julia Rushton, trembling in every limb. 'We mean no harm, let us fear none! Frederick is concealed in some part of this ruinous place, I have no doubt. I wish to know the worst, that I may no longer dread it !' said Caroline, with a courage that a few minutes previously she had no idea she pos sessed. While thus speaking, the person with whom they had just exchanged this brief dialogue began to descend lit steps of the ladder. He came down backwards, as the safest way, carrying a light brand in his hand, which flamed and shed sparks as he moved in the air. It was easy to see that he was a tall man, of athletic but spare and muscular proportions, and that he wore the wide slops and coarse striped shirt of a sailor. His broad-brimmed straw hat, loose neckerchief, and scarlet braces completed his professional costume. Somehow or other both the young girls' terror subsided as they ascertained these particulars. In England the idea of chivalrous respect and tenderness for women is so associated with the external character istics of a seaman that they felt satisfied when they perceived this stranger appeared to be one. Nevertheless, when the man gained the lower floor of the mill and stood before them both the cousins were struck with an undefinable fear and mistrust. He was apparently a youngish man, about thirty-five, with a remarkably long and narrow visage. His eyes were set very closely together, and had a curiously yellow and metallic glare. His complexion was exceed ingly sallow, and he had a disagreeable expression of craft and prying vindictiveness all over his features. He looked the ideal of a Virginia planter and slave-owner rather than a British seaman. 'Waul, young women! have you come here to look after your sweethearts ?' he said, gazing over the trembling pair with his unpleasant eyes. ' We came. on- on- the most pressing business, to speak with-with a young gen tleman of the name of Price, who is-who is somewhere in the mill, is he not ?' faltered Julia Rushton, who had now scarcely nerve eribugh left to hold her sword-stick much less to draw it. 'Not as I know on. There were some people gibbering about the place half an hour or thereabouts ago, they sartainly were talking about a chap of that name,' replied the stranger. ' What do you want with him, if asking's no offence ?' 'I wish to speak with him. If I cannot speak with him--it is of no consequence,' said Caroline, also much dismayed with the fellow's stare. ' But, Oh, sir ! if he is here, you are not playing a true friend's part to conceal him from those who would do him a service. I know he is acquainted with some sailors; pray tell me, if you know-or are you perhaps one of the crew of a gentle man of the name of Claridge, who is a ship owner, and who is a friend of Frederick's ?' ' I know him pretty considerably well, 1 reckon,' replied the Yankee, with an ugly twitch of the jaws. Adding, after a moment's hesitation, 'But what have you to say to the young gentleman, taking it for granted he's a-hiding in this cussed old mill; wherg, however, one would think it likelier for a swarm of ghosts, than living men, to be sought and found?' ' I wish to tell him,' ssid Caroline, faintly, supposing all the time that Frederick was above, and possibly hlistening to her words; 'tell him that his retreat is discovered, and that unless he takes immediately to flight, officers of the. law wit be here to search the place shortly, and ;'ably to ef fect his capture.' • - ' But he ain't done the murder; as he ? I reckon he ain't; but, in course, I'm not on the jury,' said the man. - 'No; he is perfectly innocent, but-but appearances are against him,' ejaculated Caroline. SAnd appearance is everything in this fine world of ours, young woman ! Notwithstand ing, and although, I don't think the other on you is so old as she gives herself out !' observed the fellow, eyeing both young ladies, but especially Julia, with insolent curiosity. ' Pray, sir, don't speak so !' said the latter, trembling excessively. 'Caroline dear, if Frederick is not here, we had better go; we have nothing more to say.' ' But Frederick is here, miss !' returned the wretch, in a tone and manner which made the young women's blood run cold. ' He's upstairs, warming himself like a frozen rattle snake by the fire; and I am sure he will make you both kindly welcome-and so shall I! So get up the ladder and show your ankles, for you needn't be ashamed of them, neither of ye, I'll be bondsman !' ' Let us go, Julia? Frederick is not there, or he would have interfered long ere now !' said Caroline, with dignity. 'Be so. good as to stop, miss !-No; Frederick is not there; he's off on a lark of his own. There is another lady in the case, you know !' said the occupant of the mill, turning to his own purp6ses a portion of the conversation he had overheard between Augustus and Patrick. 'Frederick isn't here -but there's no occasion for you to hurry on that account. I am;-and he'll be back shortly- with a fair young Irish lady leaning on his arm !' 'I do not understand this discourse, sir -Julia, let us go; we shall be missed aad followed, if we do not return immediately !' said Caroline, exceedingly terrified now at the consequences of her imprudent venture, but endeavouring to preserve her presence of mind, and to impress the fellow with a notion of approaching rescue, ' You had better stay a bit, I tell you ! There's no occasion for hurry-he has gone to see his Mary, and help her to pack for a little excursion to London.' He saw that Caroline started at the words; but she was otherwise too much alarmed to attach all the miserable conclusions she might, on any other occasion, have done to the statement. 'Mary !' she repeated, faintly, ' Mary Rourke !-Let us go, Julia! we have no longer any business here.' ' But I shan't let you cut me so kindly, my pretty one ! I am quite lonesome by myself here, among the ghosts of this owls' haunt, and I insist on your keeping company with me-at least until otur friend Frederick returns !' The fellow, stretched his long limbs like a spider as he spoke, and before the terrified girls could comprehend his intention, he strode round to the only exit of the mill, and took his station at it. 