j A Blue-ribboner down Sydney way, the other day, said that/fl^flgSfxoa.xd of n ¡ twtotaller heinÎR^^jríahgeov ;^é|eason of that hl^ttiotlu^ii^^i^iávt ; whereas, : t'other pn^^rila'^eiilt^e truth in their cups.; ïn vïhô esl ifenldt. As. well say that there are 9» Free-thin kers deservehanging, -far ono rarely hears of one of that negative persuasion getting his neck elongated hy a jerk at the end of a rope« This yarn about a teetotaller never fretting hanged is as unreliable as old Jack Robert« son's about cold water men never being any gosd-though I confess to agreeing a great dçal with what the jovial old Knight says on tine matter. But didn't he make a slight mistake when he named the late Howie Wilson in the sane swim ns Wentworth, Lang, Cowper, nnd Darvall? J. B. W., as I remember him years ago down Braidwood way, was n particularly straight water drinker ; was In no means an insapable politician, which Sir John has admitted-and Iud a good human heart in his body, capable of feeling for his fellnw-men in distress. J, B. W. was also a spiritualist. But it took a Davies (bad scran to 'em) to ! rnke up the bones of poor Deniehy ; just ns others of the same name have resurrected the hones of other people of lesser note. " What shall we do with our boys ?" is a common saying ; hut in future, it will be 1 better to put it in another torin. Thus : ' " What shall we do with our papishes - including Jay Pays, policemen, and policeman's sons ?" I'll tell you : Send 'em all up to Dough boy Hollow, where they imy find the j ghosts of a few hanged bushrangers tn operate upon. But as they may be unacquainted with the geography of the place, they might! want a guide. In which case, some one who 1MS had some experience of that quarter, and mayhap know snme of the disembodied ones, might prove .valuable, N >w who's on for the billet.'' Don't ali speak at once ! Not n very great way from this classic ground there is a burning mountain- which, we may reasonably suppose, is one of the many entráñeos to Tartarus. This is con venient, as the said papishes might be "run in" hy the only devil left on earth, out of utanv thousands, since the nays nf that much abused person who sold his master for thirty pieces of silver. Yah ! isn't ¡t enough to make a " gnhanner" sick to hoar the thirty-sixth part of a mongrel Israelite poking borak at the "Grand Od Man" not being grand enough to pass his Iiish Home Rule Bill. I wonder where this chump's ancestors wore when Young Gladstone helped to remove the disabilities from the Jewish citizens of Great Britain? Perhaps he never had any. Spurgeon (the great Baptist minister) says, " ll.nne Rule is dangerous, and could only have been designed by a madman," 'Twas always thus. When Mr. Gladstone wrote tlie celebrated " Vatican D;crees," Sptirgi'im, and men of his kidney, inst sight nf the Grand Old Man's being a bit off his " kadoova." I notice that the " unco gnid," up Mittagong way, are doing their tevei best to cet tho Bulletin excluded from the School of Arts at that place. As a local writer says, " A mau possessed of a liberal ni'nd can take no exception to a paper, whose object is to go in for equal rights and justice. Only those who lute these two qualities hate the Bulletin." To .viiich yours truly says "bear! hear!!" Very muchly so. As my friend " Peeping Tom" says : " Were these bigots to read the leading articles in the Bulletin, they'd be more Christian than they aie." At any rate, they'd bo more human, and that's better still. The editor of the only f/fastraltan) muralist has thrown ont a sugestión to form a conference of Protestant clergyman, to cstiblish Protestant Convent Schools-(hal is to sav, schools on the same linos-minus the Holy Virgin, Tidy water, the saints (and the sinners), and he is happy to find that several clergymen second him. Of course the editor man will preside. What a grim joke ! It is just possible that both he and his clerical admirers have seen Leonardo da Vinci's great picture of the L ist Supper, though they may not know the trouble Leonardo had lo net a giiod grip of an ideal Judas, until a certain Friar came in his way and supplied him .with the exact likeness-that likeness always reminds me of-well, the devil, whose counter- part we may see any day. But how will those " clodhoppers," the " Marys" and " Kitties," who fork out their sixpences weekly for the only Protestant rag in the district, like these refined comonrisotis about " dray horses'' (and mares, one may conclude), "Mik purses and sow's ears," "scullery rr aids," .?household drudges.'" and so on. It is hoped that both Catholic and Protestant parents »ill mark these words : " Why not establish in our midst Protestant scliools on the same basis as these Papal schools, cheap an 1 nasty, so as to suit the ideas of weak-minded mothers who have risen from the scullery or some otber household drudgery, a id wish to ape their betters, because the world bas dealt «ell with them financially." And this from Thompson Square! What next? Send .ilona anothee pia to be shaved-a good old Vandemonian grunter. Cardinal Moran's t >ur down South must have been is good as a screaming farce tn him. A little four-year-old at Bega, foi instance, in rcplv to a question pitt by His Eminence, cnnie out wi'ii "Yes, your Impudence"' Almost as bad ns a similar mistake once made in addressing the late Cardinal Wise man as "Your Immense"-«hielt was quite campos, sseinsr that Dr. Wiseman was about j !o\ir tiui"s as big as Cardinal Moran. j i II ? ! ?? . ria ,t ?:^¿-n¡-i.?¿'i"".". TJ-'..-. 1 . '? ' of ^qiey4ir|iöt*l«)g »ï(iôt fran times ; « yeti! etiange ta say, eveiybody is pointing to tho . splendid dividendsiof »herU«nk* and Build* Societies, Fanny, isn't it? «'? Forty millions owing by New South WaU% to people t'other side of tba world-who certainly know their marks. Not bad (or a million people : £40 per head of population. Let us hove more people, and divide it ;. in stead sf £40, let it be£10 a head; Bain, rain, raia everywhere now; and yet people arc not satisfied, for they wnnt relief now, and pro'ection from floods. Why the deuce cin't they be satisfied-either that, or : go in and improve upon nature. Protection is it ? What, tn the name of the prophet, do we want in this district one penny per lb. on butter and bacon for? Yali, it's tao fat J Now, if ¡t is possible to agree with P ro tection at all, it is ip the matter of a penny a pound on fruit pulp -which abomination come« from Tasmania in that shape, in order to evade a higher duty. Besides, much of it is downright rotten rubbish, and a duty of a shilling a pound should be chatged upon the lot of it. Bailey, the Sunday Times man, savs his paper is the organ of the "Neo-Liber.il party." There's nothing like a good name fur a thing ; Bailey's liberalism is about as genuine an article os his medicine man, Parkes'--bul stay, that can't be, for B liley brags about his paper being the only paper in tlte colony printed and published on the Sawbtth. This is not in accord with his chief, for that astute wire-puller is a believer (just at present), in the fourth commandment. At a nv rate, he don't believe in legislating on Sunday ; why then don't be smash np Bailey's formes, and make "pi" ot the whole blooming lot of it-after the manner of Moses and thc tables of stone 1 Without in thc slightest decree sympathis ing with that particular kind of vic« im puted to the Radical member for Chelsea, 1 cannot butthink that.'.Wf^s being made a scapegoat of by thôse supremely virtuous people, thc tories of England. Supposing Sir Charles to be guilty-what, pray, is his offence compared to many of the titled wretches who now enjoy the favour of Royalty, and are even more than tolerated by a Bench of Bishops ? Sir Charles Dilke's offence consists, in the eyes of society, not in seducing his friend's wife, or being much too general a favourite with women, but in being found out. And so we shall find, from one end of society to the other- this maxim : " Enjoy life while you can-it matters but little how-but ' don't get bowled ont." English society is composed of very nice people -in daylight j but when you lift the curtain, let the earth I open, and the drama of Koran, Dalhan. and Abiratn be enacted over again. From what one Bees every day in the columns of newspapers, one can but come to the conclusion that running a newspaper is not all beer and skittles. Anybody hating a spite upon another, looks upon a news paper HS common property, and, therefore, promptly excises the Ninth Commandment from the 20111 Chapter of Exodus, and wires in bald-headed, leaving the newspapar man to- pick np the splinters-at his own cost. For ! be information of your readers, I may state that a newspaper man, up Moss Vale way, hus discovered Kurtz's land, at " West Kurrajong." It's first chop, he says, welt timbt-red, well grassed, and splendid soil. This is jolly! so all of us who have patterns and tickets for soup - that is to Bay, land, may set about getting their deeds, and Kurtz no more-for swearing is a bad habit at any time, even over a tailor and a doubtful laud spec. Which reminds me that some time ago a Moss Vale parson starte:! a " Bible class for * women' " every Sunday ut 3 p.m. ; ditto for " ladies" every Wednesday, at 4'45 p.m." " A Woman" up that way naturally feels indignant, and writes a stinging note to the editor of the local paper, enclosing some verses, entitled, "Only a Woman"-which Ï send you, hoping you'll be able to find space for tbeui. The parson replying, tries to pass the thing ofl in a cavalier style by asking if " Woman" was nota title to be proud of?" Most decidedly, your reverence-and no true woman wants any other ; but, pray, who did you refer to when you wrote " ladies ?'' That is the question. When a parson makes a distinction of that kind he has a motive for it. Now, 1 want to know which he esteems most, the .' woma l" or the " lady ? ' What has boen called the "Queen's Jubilee" has just been celebrated-in thc colonies as in other places under the old flag -why, 1 can't think-unless it he that Her Majesty, with ber usual imperious impatience, Wanted to rouse her subjects out of their apathetic loyalty into aggressive action ngahist " the «orld, the flesh, and the devil" \- the two first being represented by" Radicalism and Home Rule, and the last by the Grand Old Man. Anyhow, Vicloriahas won the trick (this time), although she has leigned only forty nine years, and before her aclUuI Jubilee arrives, she may bc no more than any other woman-dust. One wonders whether leave was obtained by a certain journalist to advertise a lady's name in the objectionable manner il was tho other day in connection with a certain putrescent rigmaiol« about Convent Schools : ll so, one doesn't know who to pity most, the lady or the butterer. I VULCAN. I "Frtr. THE BLOOD IF THE LITS;.'-CLARK Hil I Wi IliLP-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE ip narrar:;. ¡ to cleanse the Wood from all impurities Irnra whii ever eau-earising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, .'-kin ar ¡ Blood Diseases, and sores nf all kinds, us effets ar.. m«rvcllon-.. Tboïswds of tertiinouial?. Sri.; m bottles. 2? Od and Us each by Chemin!a sr;J V.,;i,? ¡ Medicine Vendors rvcrywbr.rc. foi« Proprict TUE LINCOLN AND UIDLISD COUNTIES DKCG CO' j Liucein. liiiglaodV 