GENERAL NEWS. HELD OVER.—Pressure on our space com- pels us to hold over several paragraphs. Mount Barker Institute.—The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the above Institute was held in the Library on Friday evening last, the attendance -being Messrs. Barker (chair); Acraman, Sexton,. Williams, Wilton, Rossi, and Dr. Bickle. The tninulee of last meeting wape vead and confirmed. Messrs. Tolley Bros, wrote stat- ing that in fnture the price of gasolene would be 3s. 6d. per gallon j Messrs. Colton & Co. offered to supply same at 3s. per American gallon, and their offer was accepted. Mr. Williams presented a report from the Buil ding Committee concerning repairs "required in "the Institute. It was resolved that the -Building Committee be authorized to get j such repairs-done asthey thought necessary. Mr. Acraman reported that the Canvassing Siib-Gommittee had secured two or threo new subscribers. The Secretaries of the Band of-Hope applied for the nse of the stage and front part of great hull for "the purpose, of their meetings $ granted at 7s. 6d. a night. The Murray Bridge Institute applied for a tsepv of the rules; to be supplied. Wood land's account (lis.) for wood was passed for : payment. It was determined to diseontinue Cornhitl Magazine and to "take OasselUs' Family Magazine in lieu thereof. It was also resolved to add -the Town and Country .(Sydney) to the list. The Book Committee' wore requested to report on the question of taking the Pall Mall Budget or some similar; British weekly, and also upon the advisability of subscribing to a West Australian weekly, j It was decided to make a special item on the 1 circular calling nest meeting of the revision [ of scale of charges for the liire of hall, with a a view to a more strict adherence to its terms ' in the future. The Secretary was instructed t to get a catalogue pasted on a board and bung I up in the Library. After a vote of thanks to j the Chairman the meeting adjourned for a mouth. Christ Church.—On Monday evening the Rev. F. W. Samwell was formally inducted, into the Incumbency of Mount Barker with Echunga and Hahndorf. In -spite of the very inclement weather there mas a large congte-1 gsttion. The ceremony of Induction was con ducted hy the Lord Bishop df the Diocese (who was attended by his Chaplain, the Revd. B. C.Stephenson). At the-close-of -the office of Evensong the Rev. F. W. Samwell was' presented to the Bishop by "the Ten. Archdea con Marryat, and after the License had been read, -the people's Warden handed the keys of the Church to the new Inoumbent with the words " In the name, and on behalf of Christ j Church, I do receive aud acknowledge you as Friest-and Incumbent of the same: and in token hereof, give into yoar hands the keys of this Church." To this, reply was made: " I receive these keys of the House of God at j your hands as the pledges and of your parochial recognition, and pray | God I may be a faithful shepherd "Over you, In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." At the Dlese of the Induction, Messrs. D. J. Byard, B.A., and H. 8. Steer, B.A., of Hahndorf College, were formally admitted by the Bishop to the office of Lay Headers in this Incupa-, beney, with prayer. Tile- Evening Sarviee : was taken by the Eev. J. W. Owen (S. Paul's, Adelaide,) tbe Into Incumbent? and the spe- ! eial Lesson was read by tbe Rev. F. W. Merrill (Christ Church, North Adelaide). Fhe Bishop delivered an impressive discourse founded on S. Paul's charge to Timothy, and dwelt at length on the relations which should exist between pastor mid people. The offer- - tory was devoted to the Chancel Building Fan A. The Christ Church Choir was assisted in the musical parts of the Ssrvioe by the choir of S. Paul's, Hahndorf. The Hunt.—Mr. Barr Smith has stated his intention of inviting the Adelaide Hunt to visit Mount Barker on Saturday, October 2nd, and Mr. F. T. Cornelius has been en- trusted with the duty of selecting a suitable jteeplechasing course. In all probability the itart will take place from Auchendarroch, ind the route to and from Wistow—where the usual check will take place—will be much the same as that of last year. It is becoming ' recognised that the Hunt Club shall wind up their season in this neighborhood, and the run ever the Mount Barker country is as popular with the red coats as it is highly, ippreciated by the reeidents. The fact that the invitation cornea from the President will io much to ensure a good attendance and, as % very good lino can bo laid out, a fine after noon's sport is ensured. Murray Bridge Wharf.—Tlic contract For the Murray Bridge Wharf is at a stand- still owing to a dispute between the con- tractors and the Engineer-in-Chief concerning the timber for the piles. The specification provides for the use of red gum or jarrah, and < Messrs. Notlle .& Co. made an arrangement | with a sawyer for tho supply of the former. Finding it difficult to obtain red gum of the iimensions needed the sawyer asked Mr. NoLtle to take equally durable timber of mother description. The contractor stated liis inability to do so without first consulting Mr. Mais, anil a visit was paid to Adelaide For that, imi-posi-. 15ul.li M . Nottle and Mr. Anderson allege that (lie liiigineer-in-Cllief | referred them to the Conservator of Forests, iiul staled that, it lie approved of tho timber I which it was propused to substitute, no ob-° jeclion to its use would be offered by tbe [ Department. The Conservator expressed a strong opinion that the piles which Anderson proposed to supply, were equal to the work required of them, and on the strength of this Messrs. Nottle & Co. entered into an arrange* meat with him, and a large quantity of the timber was cut and delivered. Now the Engineer-in-Chief denies having authorized any departure from the contract, and' declines to allow the piles to be used. As a large amount of money is involved there is a natural disinclination on the part of the contractors to submit to what they consider an imposition. We are assured that the cost of the substituted timber is greater than that arranged to be paid for the red gum originally ordered. Local Government.—A meeting of the ratepayers of the Stirling District Council was held in the Stirling West Institute on Saturday evening last. There were about forty persons present, the chair being occupied by Mr. W. Radford {Chairman of the Coun- cil). A long discussion took place concerning the leading principles of the Local Government Bill, and as the outcome of it, a resolution —proposed by Mr. G. J. Ireland, seconded by Mr. J. Halliday—was passed to the fol- lowing effect-.—"that in the opinion of this meeting the Local Government Bill now be- fore Parliament is unsuited to the wants of the colony, and that a few amendments of the present District Councils' Act will meet all requirements." The general opinion of Dis- trict Councils all over the colony appears to be adverse to the Bill. Kanmantoo School.—Our local corres- pondent writes on September 7:—Wednesday last being a public holiday, Miss Maher, the head teacher of the State School in this-place entertained her scholars to a picnic in the scrub at tbe foot of the Bremer Ranges, where swings and various lands of amusements were provided for them, together' with a tea and the. usual concomitants suitable to the tastes off children^ at the teacher's own expense. The school a few days previously 'had success fully passed through the ordeal of an exami nation at the hands of Mr. Inspector Stanton, when a -record of between 80 and 90 per cent, was obtained. With tins combination of favorable events all these concerned enjoyed the day's oaring amazingly. The party re--: -turned in good time to tbe 'township, having been conveyed to the festive scene and back in two large spring vans belonging to Mr. Hair, J.P. A Heavy Flood.—On Monday night about 8 o'clock the River Bremer—which had been swollen by the incessant rain—came down a banker. The water was higher than it has been during any winter for the last fifteen years. A large gum tree which had been uprooted by the flood was dashed like a bat tering ram against the suspension bridge near the residence of Mr. T. Hair J.F.—on .the Kanmantoo and Monarto road—and did considerable damage to that structure. It was at last washed dear of the bridge, and then settled is the ford a few yards below. The traffic was completely stopped, and un fortunately a breach was made in tbe stone track through the river. The -cost of re pairing the damage will came on the Nairne and Monarto District Councils. Men were at once .put en to set mdttcrs straight again, and before the end of the week the crossing places will be free and safe. The Murray Embankments.—Our Wel- lington correspondent writes under date Sept. 7 -—The river is slowly but steadily rising. All the swamps that are not embanked are covered with water, and the ferry causeway on the east side of the river is partially submerged. The Government -embankments up the stream were commenced at an inopportune time, as the river has new little chance to -its proper level for sit least three years. The engineer who had charge of the works above the Murray Bridge -was no doubt capable of taking levels and working out the ; number of cubic yards required -to make the: embankraerft high enough to keep tlte swamps from flooding, but his mode of operation was not a happy one. Had he rapidly ran a dwarf embank mont—say two feet high—from ; one end of the swamp to . the Other the Men j could have wroagbt comfortably, and by this I time had the embankment high and strong enough to resist any flood that is likely to come. Educational.—We take the following items of local interest from the -latest number of the Education Gazette.—Mr. Thomas Wright has been appointed Chairman of the Clarendon Board ot Advice. The undermen- tioned gentlemen have been "appointed mem bers -of Boards of Advice.-—Messrs. Thomas Skipway, Clarendon; D. Chapman J.P., Nairne; D. Bell, Strathalbyn; and S. Plint, Woodside. Mr. Otto August F. Faehrmann has -resigned his seat on the Mannum Board. The following appointments have been made —Esther Emma Gazard, temporary assistant, Mount Barker-; Eleanor C. G. Burgess, sew- ing . mistress, Echunga goldfields; Ellen Louisa Rogers, sewing mistress, Aldinga; Rosa Ann Middleton, sewing mistress, Upper Sturt ; William Richard Clark, monitor, Grunthal. The Michaelmas Pupil teachers' examination must be attended by:—Fourth Class, 'G. H. Bennett, Uraidla ; Eli Denton, Aldinga; B. A. McCaffrey, Willunga; J. C. Noack, Millbrook; and E. O. Strempel, Nairne. Third Class, Sarah Bond, Gumer- acha ; M. V. Edwards, Oakbank ; Blanche E. McAnulty, Uraidla; Sarah E. Middleton, Clarendon ; Clara Strempel, Hahndorf; Sec- ond Class, Ella Buchanan, Yankalilla; Mary French, Strathalbyn; Prudence L. Goodwin, Port Victor; Mary S. Graham, Strathalbyn ; Jane Jacobs, Clarendon; Emily King, Nairne; Elizabeth F. S. Tuck, Eden Valley ; First Class, Robert George Alexander (on proba- tion) Woodside; Florence E. Morris, Kan- garilla; Robert W. Taylor {on probation) , Mount Torrens. 