V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. [BY TELEGRAPH.] FIRST DAY. MELBOURNE, October 30. Although the morning broke fine the glass began to fall about 9 o'clock, and a strong westerly wind blew with gnat force, raising clouds of dust and making matters very unpleasant. The Attendance on the courte wh the largest ever known on Derby day and other first-class days. The sport wm very enjoyable. The arrangement on the ground were perfect, bat great inconvenience wm earned on the return journey by the cruihinf in the trains. The vice-regal party arrived early, and the box which was set apart for their accommodation contained Sir Henry Loch. Lord Garrington. Bir Wm. Robinson, Sir George Strahan, Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Oarrington, and other distin- Saished personage*. The courae wm in splen id condition, and the racing wm of a very high clap*. The racing commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, for which Sheet Anchor wm first favourite, but when the horses Msembled at the post the friends of Isonomy gave him such genuine support that he started a better favourite than anything else. Lord Williaa cut out the work to the home turn, where Sheet Anchor appeared at the front, bat was out paced by Isonomy, who would have won had he not allowed Boolka to dash up on the inside, and make a dead heat of it if fear a brilliant battle. In the Maribyrnong Plate the candidate* were rather a poor lot compared with previous years, though Hortense, a fine strapping filly, looked equal to carrying any weight, and toe way in which the sailed nome with her heavy penalty proved her to be a downright good one. Hortense won through sheer sameness, and so secured the second win for Ade laide. She wm heavily backed by her party. Seven faced the flag for the Derby. Trident wm stanchly supported to the last. Volcano cut out the running at m desperate pace, until ucder the hill, when hugging the rails too closely he struck them and cut his shoulder and quarter, and hart Ellin's knee. Chesbam, pulling double, then went to the front. Volcano in falliiig back, caused Trident to loee ground. As it was seen that Hales wm riding for his life the excitement became intense, and loud shouts were raised that the favourite vai beaten. At the distance Robertson still had a strong.puU on Oheuham, but answering gallantly from every whip stroke Trident caught him at the naif-distance, and Chesham, tiling suddenly, the favourite won the blue ribbon by two lengths. Great excitement ensued, and the horse and rider were received with deafen ing cheers. MilboubnkBtakpB. of 5 soys. each. 1 ft, with 300 added; second, 60 soys.; weight for age; M mile. 8\. Miller's br.h. Boolka, aged .. .. (lids) t M. Looke'H bo. Isonomy, {years ..(Qulnn) ♦ WB. Royd's b c Bravo, 3 years (Gallagher) I Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry, Me notti, Lord William, Tamarisk, and Crossfire also started. Boolka got the best of a bad start and led for half-a-mile, when Lord William and Industry passed him. Isonomy was first into tho straight, but Boolka came again at the distance post and the pair raced neck and neck for the last 100 yards. Time, 2min. 12Jseo. Betting: 3tol v. Sheet Anchor, Ito 1 Isonomy. The dead heat was run off in the interval be tween the Maribyrnong Plate and the Derby, wbon laonomy went to the front at the start, and won easily by three lengths. Hotham Handicap.- Of 5 soys. each. 1 ft. with 300 added; second 70 soy*., and thirrt 30 soys.; It mile and a distance. J. Whlttingham's b. h. Claptrap, aged (Ramag?) 1 Hon.J White's eh c.Hexham,47eara(HuxJeyl t J. K. Hmith's b.g. Lancer (mith) 8 Ringmsster, Silver Kin?, First Prince. Losbia. Remus, Salvo, Genoe, the Pencil, ana Fish O'Silvtr also started. This was a good htart. Salvo took »h« loud, but just after paaaing the stand Htxham went to the front by three length*. After goinjr half-a-mile First Prince slipped and lost his rider, who WM not hurt. Kexham led into the straight, bin) Claptrap came through and won very easily by three lengths the satte distinbe between the second and third honest Time, ZMln. ftMrsec Betting: 3tol v* Hexham, 4to 1 Salvo, 7to 1 Claptrap* . Tri« MABißyßNowa Plats.-A sweepstakes of BO soys. each. h. ft., or 8 soya. only it declared ■ad paid to the secretary of the V.R.O. or A. JO, before 4 p.m. on Monday. 4th October, with IOGO idled. For two-year-old-colts, Bst 101b.; flllies, Bst.6lb.| geldings at time of running allowed 81b. Toe second hone to receive 300 sort., and the third MO laovs. ont of the itakea; 6 f arloncs. |H 911b5.) O. L. Maodonaid's b.f. Hortense .. (Campbell) 1 P< Cooper's bro. Hantlogtower .. (Kelso) 3 R. B. Biilith'a br.o. Bedouin .. .. (Power) 3 Matamua, Essex, titeutcheonj Albert Lod don, Jebarite, Loyalist. Aberdeen. Perhaps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free, Bckersley» Esperanto, Lava, Oceana, and Miranda also started. After ft?» minute*' delay the field were sent away to ft splendid start'Esperance and Huntingtower if anything had the best of it \ the former was first on to the tan, but immediately after fan off, interfering with Miranda. .Bedouin then took the lead, htlt was passed by Hortense* who won by half-a-length. Bedouin third, a length away. Time, lmin. 7 Jsec Betting: 4tol v. Lava, 6to 1 Perhaps, ti to 1 Hortense and Mistletoe. Thk Viotobian Derby.—A sweepstakes of S5 ■•vs. each. 5 ft, with 690 added, the Koond horse to reoelve 100 aovs.. and the third SO soys. oat of the stake. Far two year old—colt«, Bat. 101b., flUtes, Bst 51b; 1} mile; (133 subscribers.) Hon. J. White's oho. Trident .. .. (Hales) 1 Mr. D. Cooper's cKo Cheehkm.. (Robertson) S Mr. A. R. Blaokwood's oh,c Aglaos (Power) 8 First Consul. Kingfish, Volcano, and Madde* lisa also started. First Oonsnl broke away twice. Afterwards the field were despatched to a good start volcano went to the front and kepMhe lead from Ohesham for a quarter of a mile from home, where he collapsed, and interfered with Ohesham. The favourite appeared to be beaten here, bat Hales kept at him hard till he got level with Ohesham half way up the straight, then came away and won by two lengths, Aglaos eight lengths off, third, First Consul fourth, Volcano last Time, 2min. S9aeo. Betting : 5 to 4on Trident, 6to 1 v. Madde* Una, 15 to 1 Ohesham and First Consul. Bbxung Raoc of 3 soys. each, 1 ft. with 4160 aided j weight for age; the winner to be sold for AUOt 7furlongs. K. Bowia's br.o. Huron, (nil), 4 rears (Howie) 1 J. OReid's <Jb,g. The Ghost (nil), aged (Gorriei I R, K. Maitland's b. or tr.g. Stafford (ttO) aged (Nddes) t Baron, Ellington, Louise, Straight Shot, and Boysterer also started. This was a good |itart Huron went to the front and kept the lead until the finish, and won easily by two lengths; a length between the second and third. Tune, tain. 29sec Betting: 5t04 v. The Ghost, 7to 2 Stafford, 8 to 1 Huron. The winner was bought in for £230. Gobubo Stakes of 5 soys. each, lft. with • 100 added; seoond. 51 soys.; winner of any handicap value 75 to va or upwards, after deelar« tlon of weights to carry 71b. extra; 1 mile and 1 furlong. Q. Devls's br.o. Day Star, 3 years ..(Williams) 1 T. Ooffcy's br.b, Bt. John. 6 yean (Williamson^ 1 B. Mortu's bg. Hogmanay, aged (Robertson) t William Tell, Dunlop, Lord Wilton, Satyr, Recall, Gardenia, The Nun. Pocahontas, The Agent, Newmaster, Gadfly, Albanus, Maroney, Myall King, Tlbldlake, The Fobber, and Rosary also started. A very bad start was effected, and Rosary was left at the post William Tell aad Pocahontas cleared out from the others, and oame into the straight together, when they retired. St John and the winner went to the front, and raced neck and neck. Day Star won by half a head. Hogmanay oame fast, a length off. Tuse, lmin. o7^tec Thb Cup Da*. Mklboubitb, November S. Melbourne has had as big a Oup Day aa she ever had, and there was never a more exdt iagone. A Cup which resulted more unexpee tetry has never oeen chronicled. Most glorious weather prevailed, and the oourse was in splen did order. There were upwards of 100,000 people who witnessed the first race, and the crowd was much greater when the Oup wae ran. There was a very large attendance in the grand stand enclosure, and the lawn was a beautiful sight, the ladies'dresses being fully as elegant and tasteful as the brightest of former Oup days. On the flat the masses of people appeared to be more soUd and extended than on any pre vious occasion, and the hill and the adjoining enclosures were crowded to their utmost capa* city, the extra accommodation recently pro vided by the club being taken the fullest ad* vantage of. The improvements effected to afford increased facilities for witnessing the races were the subject of general commenda tion, and the whole of the arrangements were satisfactory, the attention to detail resulting in a maximum of comfort to the visitors* Prior to the Melbourne Oup race the saddling paddock was the centre of the greatest attrac tion, the whole of the favourites being com* pletely hemmed in. So great was the rush around Trident that Fennelly took the Derby winner outside. The first event was the Hurdle Race for which the field, though smaller than usual was vsrysoleet At first The Agent was most in re> quest but the Ballarat division supporting Blue Mountain strongly, he left the paddock favourite at 6 to 4, while The Agent had receded to 8 to L The pace was slow for two miles, when it became very strong, and after many changes Ocean and the favourite took command and Blue Mountain won rather easily. There was not a mistake throughout, and even the strong pace as the last mile failed to cause a blunder. The most _prominent scratchings for the Baflway Handicap were William TelL ■a. Joan, Volcano, The Nun, Don Giovan, sad First Consul. Eighteen went to the post. Ohsahasm. looking none the worse for the exer sbbbs hi the Darby, had so many followers that at met 8 to 1 was the best offer; while those «jfc*> had kept their eyes on PocahontaVs run ■sag in the Ooburg Stakes on Saturday, aavepted the same price about her. The start appsarsa from the stand to have been m had' one. Pecahontas and Sedition were la the centre. The former having three laagths advantage of everything, got off well, MM the Tamaatan mare, running it out, never left the first flight, finishing with something to spare by a length. Sedition died out in the hoses run, and Oheshnm, though in a good pod tfesjall through, railed to improve it when called. The Tasmsiiisße won heavily on the daughter of HJst Bassrsnn, who comes from their colony. Tmsjata ran up to his best form, but Zenodied put early, and Hogmanay lost three or four lengths at the start, which completely destroyed his chance. Notwithstanding the more than average form displayed by Sumatra at Randwickj the defeat of hi* stable companion in the Maribyrndng Plate so frightened the supporters of the Hott. J. White's stable that his representative was allowed to start at 4 to 1 for the Kensington Stakes, for whioh Sunshade Was made a firm favourite; As soon as they got racing there was nothing in it but Sumatra, who won easily. Jessica ran prominently up to half-a-ftirlong from home when she tired and was just beaten for third place j she looked thoroughly fit and did her trainer credit, but Whiting's windmill style of riding carted amusement, and he has a deal to learn from colonial horsemen. The latest withdrawals for the Oup were Silver King, Quintio Matsys, King's Own, Lesbia, Salvo, Affluence, Kingflsh, afid Menotti. Itonomy was first to walk, and came on to the course looking bright and well, but close observers could have seen he was a trifle tucked dp after his two severe races on Saturday, and; as he utterly failed to run tip to his form, it was clear that he had gone off, for he was fiever dangerotis at any part of the race. Commotion came next and was well received. The veteran seemed as young as ever, and Power smiled so confidently that many pushed their way through the crowd just to put a layer on the old hero, but his day has passed, and he must retire on the memory of his many glorious victories in the past; Malua had evidently undergone a careful preparation, but the fact of his owner riding him kept the public from backing him, and he receded in the betting after going to the post, but came again, and finally saw 12 to 1. Trenton looked fit to run for a king* dom, and showed no signs of lameness, and the grand bids made at the finish reflected the greatest credit on Tom Lamond, who, under great difficulty, carefully nursed him through his training, and had the satisfaction of seeing him run a wonderful race. Most prophets, in cluding myself, despaired of his ever seeing the post, but Lamond beat us all, and has achieved a great victory by getting the son of Frailty into such a grand condition. Sheet Anchor was covered with a mass of muscle standing out like ropes } he was, however, in a bad position for the first mile, and although he ran on the inside when rounding the bend and appeared particularly dangerous, the last half-mile was too terribly fast for him to live, and he had to be content to finish sixth. Grace Darling, handsome as ever, cantered in quite her old form in the pre liminary, but is too slow at starting to win a race run right out from end to end like the Oup. Bohemian ran in bandages, and was evidently lame; Meteor, who had done a great trial, was in the best possible condition, and great things were expected, but two miles troubled him, and his supporters had the mortification of seeing him strike his oolours early in the battle. Evergreen Britisher had more followers than most, and figured prominently all the way. and, running agood horse, wound up on Trident's girths, fifth. A fitter horse than SUvermine never stepped on a racecourse x but although M'Gradegot well away and kept him in excellent position, it was not to be, and after baring ran a gallant horse he had to finish on Trenton's girths. Ben Bolt was a deal better than any one of New South Wales ever saw him, and his party, including O'Brien, were confident up to the last, but the last half-mile played him out, and he disappeared in the rack. Kitawa ran up third at the back of the course, but the pace was too severe, and his heart was not big enough to see it out Ltncer was outpaced, and Cyclops, Metal, Recall, and Highland Ohief beat an early retreat. Trident stripped well, showing no ill effects from his exertions in the Derby, and kept his posi tion all day in the betting at 4 to L a shade sure being eagerly snapped up. He held a nice place ail through the race, and tamed into the straight on terms with Arsenal, but although he con* tested every inch of ground most gallantly nature was unequal to the desperate strain, and, his long stride shortening, he rolled a bit as he made one final effort in the straight, and then the great favourite was at the whip and it was evident he could not stay It out at such a bitter pace. Barry Raynor stripped Arsenal in the beat possible form, but although the horse looked in superb oondition he did not attract s» much attention as the more prominent favourites. English, his rider, was teeming with confidence, and so was the owner, Mr. Win. Gannon, but, though a great many New South Wales men backed him heavily, the Victorian public would not have him. He had light plates on in front, aa he had been going a little tenderly in work of late. He got into a bad position soon after starting, but English obeying instructions kept him well out into the centre crush until the best half of the field had played their last card, when he gradually brought him through, and seeing an opening at the nome turn took advantage of it, and, his gameness and condition aiding the resolute riding of Eoglish, he cut down his horses in the run home and won the Oup by a short half-length. Arsenal was purchased by Mr. Gannon, the well-known New South Wales starter, from the Hon. Wm. Pearson for 375 guineas. He was a delicate animal to train, and, after having been carefully trained, his owner was at length satisfied that he had a good horse, and consequently backed him heavily himself, and made no secret of the matter to his friends, many of whom landed good stakes. He wss bred by Mr. Frank Reynolds, of Tocal, and is by Goldsbroogh from Powder, an imported mare,, for whom the Tocal squire gave 1000 guineas. English rode a cool resolute race, and Mr. Gannon was heartily congratulated. Trenton is the property of Mr. W. Cooper, who gave 2800 guineas for him some months after he had proved himself a racehorse by running third in last year's Cup. He was bred in New Zealand, by Musket from Frailty, by Goldsbrough from Flora M'lvor, so that second honours also strike very near Tocal Robertson rode him a great race, but it may be that he camo a trifle too late. Trenton's finish was one of the features of the race, and he is undoubtedly a great horse. The excitement lasted for a long time after English weighed in, and Mr. Gannon was a>u>ut the proudest man on the course. Little John ran in bandages, and moved so abort tu*c Crackn»U had to rattle him up and down several tiiim before going to the post, but it was no use, the horse could not shake off his sore neat, and toon took a hopelens position in the rear to the great dismay of hM numerous friends. Lord William showed prominently at one part of the raoe, bat the company was too aristocratic, and he melted away when the real struggle commenced. Hex* hamj although getting badly away, played his part well! and out oat the running des perately for Trident, but the length of the journey wore him out, and he melted away like ice at the home tarn. Huntingtower had very little difficulty in appropriating the If ursery Handicap from the South Australian filly Perhaps, and Bedouin, in very fast time. There was a pretty smart field (or the Van Yean Stakes. The following we the remits :— Hurdle Rack—A. handtoap sweepstakes of 10 •ov*. ea h, 2 ft., with 230 added; second hone to receive 50 sore oat of the stake. J. Boobin's hi h. Bine Mountain, 6 years (Sooble) 1 W. Moffatt'a b.g. Ocean aged .. (Ferguson) 2 A. Halenbrurn'sch.g. Knoore, aged ..(Taylor) 8 Oaloola, The Agent, Sir Lsuncelot, and Little Jack also started. The winner took the lead at the start and kept it for half-a-mile, when he was paused by Sir Lanncelot and Ocean, bat always held good his position. Afterwards Ocean and jSncore led into the straight* but the winner came fast at the last jump and won easily. There was a good race for second placi. Time, omin. 62Sieo. Betting: 6t04 v. Blue Mountain, 3to IThe Agent, 4to 1 Oaloola, and 6 to 1 Sir Liunce lot. Railway HANPitfi^ a svtaeptotafces of 5 tort. each 1 ft., with 300 added i for 8 years oM and upwards; seoond hone to receive 00 sovb. out of the stakes. O. 8. Agnew's eh.m. Pooahontas. aged, (Hutohlns) 1 A. Halenbourg's cta.o. Albanus, 4 years (Cox) 2 H. Oxenham sb g. Toronto, 6 years.. (Harris) 8 Ohesham, 2Seno, Burr ilda, Edith. Hogmanay, Huron, Trojan, Tarpeia, Essie, Sedition, Gadfly, Maroney, Fish o' Silver, Rosary, and MustaDg also started. A bad start was effected. Pocabontas, Trojan, Chesham, and Essie appeared first in front and Hogmanay was last away. Half way Sedition led, then the winner came to the front and won by a length and a-half, This was a good race. Time, lmin. 16f jec. Bettiogt 4 to 1 v. the winner, 6 to 1 Ohesham, 7 to 1 Trojan, 8 to 1 Toronto. Kenbimgton Btakkr, a sweepstakes of lOsova. eaoh, 2ft., w.th 250 added; for two-year-olds— oolta, frit Sib.; flllle* and geldings, Bst; tht winner to be sold for £800 Five furlongs. Hon. J. White's br.f. Sumatra .. .. Hale*) 1 Kckersley (Gallagher) t Mr. J.D. Robertson's b.f. Mistletoe.. (Ftddes) 8 Liedertafel, Snnshade, and Jessica also started. Then was a good start. The winaer and Jessica were first across the tan, and at the dia* tance Sumatra came away and won easily by two lengths, there being the same distance between the second and third horses. Time, lmin. 4stec. Betting t 6 to 4 v. Eckersley, 4 to 1 Sumatra and Sunshade. The winner was sold for £410. MBLBOUhNB Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of SO soys. eaoh. 10 ft. or A sots, only If declared to the secretary of the VR.O.. A.J.C., 0r0.J.0, be* fore 4 p-m. on Monday, Sod August, with 8000 added. W. Gannon's Arsenal, br.h. 4 years. 7stslb «. (English) 1 W. Cooper*! Trenton, b.b,, 6 years, tot 01b. \- .. .. (Robertson) I H. R. Falkner's Sllvermlne, bllch., 6 years, 7st. 101b (Maograde*) 8 The other starter! were Malua, lOst.; Com motion, 9*t. 91b.; Sheet Anchor, 9«t; Grace Darling, Bsfc. 111b; Isonomy, Bit 31b.; Monte Ghristo, Bst.: Bonemian. Bst; Britisher, 7st 131b.; Meteor, 7st. 111b.; Boolka, 7st 111b.; Ben Bolt, 7«t 101b.; Kitawa, 7«t 91b. ; Lancer, 7st. 81b.; Cyclops, 7«t. 81b.; Trident, 7*U 71b.; Metal, 7st. 21b.; Orossfire, 7«t. lib.; Recall, 6tt. 111b.; Little John, 6»t 101b.; Myall King, 6tt 91b.; Lord WilliamJSst. 91b.t Bravo, 6sfc. 61b.; Hexham, 6ft 61b.; Highland Chief, 6st; Jack Roach. This was a splendid start Trenton, Meteor, Oommotion, and Malua on the inside ap peared first to move, Recall on the outside. At the tan Silvermine had taken the lead, then came Recall, Bravo, Meteor, Hexham, and Jack Roach. Entering the coarse proper Silvermine was still leading, with Boolka and Meteor close up, then came Kitawa, Isonomy, and Britisher, with Recall running on the out side. At the distance, the order was Silver* mine, Meteor, Boolka, and Bravo, then Isonomy, Kitawa, Recall, and MetaL Passing the stand Silvermine still led the field, with Bravo next, then followed Boolka and Britisher. Round the river tarn Bravo, drow level witbJSilvcrmine, then Metal, Boolka, Britisher, Meteor, Isonomy, and Kitawa in the order named. Along the river Silvermine again showed to the front from Metal, Boolka, Recall, Isonomy, and Hexbam. At the bridge Hexham bad got in front of Silvermine, then came Little John. Bravo and Isonomy. Silvermine and Arsenal at the sheds were the two leaders, and baa a couple of lengths the best of their field, which were being headed by Trident, Kitawa, Silvermine, and Isonsmy. At the bend the order was Hexham, Silvermine, Trident, Kitawa; round the turn Trident, Hexham. Myall, King, then Ben Bolt; on the outside were Crossfire, Sheet Anchor, and Silvermine. Arsenal here took the lead from Hexham, then came Silvermine, Myall King, and Sheet Anchor, with Trenton on the outside. At the half-distance the foremost were Arsenal, Trident, Trenton (on the rails), and Silvermine. Arsenal was not now, however, to be beaten, and landed a winner by a long neck from Trenton, who was half -a-length ahead of Silver* mine, with Trident fourth, half a-length be* hind, followed by Britisher; then came Sheet Anchor, Crossfire, Malua, Myall King, Highland Chief, Monte Christo, and Isonomy, in the order named, all well clustered, the rest stringing out, the last two being Grace Darling and Metal. Time, 3min. 31sec. Betting: Trident and Isonomy, 8 to 1; Meteor and Ben Bolt, 10 to 1; Little John. 12 to 1; Trenton, 14 to 1; Silvermine and Malua, 15 to 1. Nursbky Handicap.—A Bweep^takes of 5 sevs. each, lft, with 200 added; second hone to receive 60 soys , and tho third 25 bovb out of the stake. Kor two-year-olds. Five Furlongs. D. Cooper's br.o. Huotingtower (Robertson) 1 J. H.Hll's bf. P«rh,ps (Faux) 2 K. B. Smith's br a Bedouin .. .. (Power) 3 Aberdeen, Query, Abydos, Hinemoa, Eaper ance, Patience, Lord Allen. St. Ursula, Albert Loddon, Casoist, Murmur, Benas. Citadel, Julitn Gray, Eliza, and St. Michael t.l o started. AftT m d»-U> of »bi>ut Eve inir utes cau»od by the f ractioun conduct of Experttoce, a good start was effected, of which nbo and Huntingtower got the best and led across thf tan. Albert Loddon then challenged Hunting tower, bat without avail, as he won easily by two lengths, half-a-length separating the second and third horses. Time, lmin. 4£sec. Betting: 6t04 at first 4tol v. Hunting tower, vUfl Bedouin and Aberdeen, lOtol Perhaps. The Yak YbalV Stakes, a handlo^p sweep stakes of 3 soys eaoh, ift. with 100 bo vs. added. For three year-olds and flpwarde. «1 mile. C. L. M'Donald's b.h. Tho Levlte. aged (Campbell) 1 8\. Martin's b.g. Hogmanay, aged ..' (Hales} 2 H. Uxenham's bg. Jtll ngton, Bged .. «3orr>) ft Kingfisb, Pocohantas, First Coneu. 1,- Satyr, Albanui, and Shark also 9tarted. Alter thr« • breaks a good start was made. Pocohan*»» went to the front and led from Goldlake to the? straight, where theLevite and Hogmanay cam* through, and after a good race the former won by a length, the third two lengths off. Timr, lmin. 43*ec. Batting : 2to 1, at first 5 to 1, v Ellington, 3 to 1 Pooohantas, 6 to 1 Levite, 7 to 1 Hogmanay. 