Shetcber. Indian Myths. Bs '? Stell.v Occidkhs.' Bnocu) you ask me, whence theso stories — Whenso theso legends and traditions ? » * « . * » » I Ehonld answef, I should toll yoa, From tho forests and tho prairies, From tho groat lakes of tho Northland, From the land of tho Ojibways, From tho land ol the Doootabs. I repeat them ns I heard them.— Loxofelmw. During tho long, oold, winter nights, the Indiana Rather round tho oamp-firo, and relate tho wonderful tales and myths of their country, , Under the great pines, ia an ever green foreBt of tho Rooky Mountain region, by tho blazing light ot tbo camp-fire, and surrounded by tho darkness of night, stands an old man. tolling in simplo Ianguago tho etory cf Ta wiits, tho bare 'god, and bis encounter with Ta-vi, tho sun-god. Tho Indions are great actors, end tell more by action than by words, The elderB listen with reverenca, whilst the younger members are often bo excited as to danao with delight, or shiver with fear, accord ing to tho influence of the orator and his story. The old man tells them how in long past times the sun god Ta-vi was frea to roam about the world at pleasure, scorahing people when ho camo too near, and leaving them shivering with' cold when ho hid away ia his cava. One day Ta-watp, tho hare-god was sitting round tho camp-fire, out in the woods, with his family gathered round him, waitind for tho san* god to come out of liis cava ang warm them. At last they grew tirod of wait ing, and fell asleep. The sun-god then approached the hare-god nnd his family so near that ho scorched - Ta-wats' shoulder. Then T:i -vi ran away and hid himself, for ho was afraid that the bare god would be angry. When the latter woke up, and found how badly tbo sun-god had treated him, ho was vory angry, and determined to be rovenged. He travelled for days and days, meeting with many adventures, and overcoming many obstacles. At last lie arrived at tho brink of tho world, and ho waited patiently until ho should seo tho sun-god. Presently tho latter, thinking his enemy had gone, peeped out, and tho hare-god shot an arrow in his face, but tho rays of the sun burnt tho arrow btfore it reached him. Ta-wats shot agEin and again without effoot, until at last ho sent n maRical arrow, which never failed to recch Its mark. This struok Tii-vi lull in tho faco, and tho sun fell to pieces, . setting tha whole earth on fire. The hare-god fled, but as ho Bed the burning eartE scorched his feet, his legs, hia body, until at last only his head was left. This went rolling along, bumping over rock and orevioa, aoross mountains and valleys, through deep ravines and abysses. Finally the eyes of tho hare-god burst, nnd tears Rushed forth in such a flood that it quenched tho firo. Tho sun-god was conquered and he was summoned to anpear before a council to await sentence. Tho judges con demned him to travel across tho sky day after day, on tho samo path, and ho -was only to appear at certain times, lhe days, nights,, monthB and Bcasona wore also' regulated by this council. The Algonquin race hava tho beautiful myth of tho Bed Swan, somewhat similar to the above. Tbey beliovo that tho hunter Ojibwa,- whilst skinning a bear, noticed that tho -flky gradually became tinged with a bright red light. Ho saw a Doautiful red swan with brilliant plumage flying across a lake, and tried in vain to Ehoot it, his arrows proving useless. Ho then tried threo magic arrows, only succeed ing, however, in Btrikine the swan with tho third. The wounded bird flew off, feebly flapping its wings, until it sank at last under tho water. Ojibwa pursued tha red swan wostward, and discovered that she was tho daughter of an old moRician. Tho old man had lost his soalp, which Ojibwa found for him, and pat back on his head. The magioian then gave hi3 beautiful daughter, tho Bed Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they re turned to tho earth together. In Longfellow's ' Hiawatha,' this myth is referred to by Iagoo, tbe marvellous story-teller, nt Hia. watha's wedding, when he relates the story' of ' The Son of the Evening Star' ' Gin it be tho Bun descending O'er tho level plain of water ? Or tho Bed Swan floating, flying, Wounded by tho magic arrow ? Staining all tho waves with crimson, With the crimson of its life-blood, Filling all tho air with splendour, With tho splendour of its plumage ? Shortly after the Sun had been condemned to travel aoross tho sky, another council .was held to elect a Moon which was to shine dating the night. Whippoorwill, God of the Night, was ohoson to preside at this counoil. After a long debate, a frog offered himself as a willing sacrifice, and was ohoson. Various magical incantations and ceremonies were used, and ho was ohanged into the now Moon. Naturally tho Moon gives no heat, being m'dc but of tho cold body of a frog. Tbo Dabkotuh Indians believe that the Moon is mado of something good to eat— as good, probably, as green cheese. When the Moon is full, a great number of small miee commence nibbling until thoy have eaten it all up. A new Moon then begins to grow antil it is full, when it.is in tarn devoured. The Dahkotahs count their months by tho Moon, as follows : — , 1\. Witeri, January ; tho bard Mowii^— - - 2\. Wicata-wi, I''' bnn»--- : the — iloon Moon. 8\. Iatawioayttinn-wi, March; tho sore-eye Moon.- ; . ?1. Magaokadi wi, April ; tho Moon in whioh tho geese lay eggs ; also called Wokada wi; and sometimes Watopapi-wi, the Moon when the streams aro again . navigable. S. Wojupi wi, Jf/r/ ; tho planting Moon. C. Wojusteoasa-wi, June; tho Mood when strawberries are red. 7\. Canpasapa-wi, Juhj ; tho Moon when ohoke-oberries are ripo. 8\. Wisaton-wi, Augiat ; tho harvest Moo*. 9\. Pdinhnaketu-wi, September ; the Moon -when rioo ia laid up to dry. 10.: Wi- wajupi, October; the drying Trice Moon. ' 11\. Takiyura-wi, November; tho deer-ruttiog Moon. 12\. Tahecapsim wi, December; the Moon when the deer Bhed their horns. The Indians have many myths concerning Day and Night. Schooloraft, in his ' Algic He searches,' describes the Huron nature-myth concerning Day and Night Iosoo,' says Tylor, ' seems to bo loskoha, the White One, whose contest with his brother Tawisoara, the Dark Oao, is an early and most genuine Huron naturo-myth of Day and Night. Iosco and his friend travel for years eastward and eastward to reaoh tbe sun, and oome at last to the dwelling of Manabozho, near the edge of the world ; and then, a littlo beyond, to the chasm to be passed on the way to the land of the San and the Moon. They begin to hear tho Eoand of the beating sky, ana it seems near at hand ; bat they have far to travel before they reach the plaoe. When .the sky came down its pressure would force gusts of wind from the opening, so strong that the travellers oould hardly keep their feet, and tho san passed but a short distance above their heads. The sky would comedown with violence, but it would rise slowly and gradually. Iosoo and one oi his friends stood near tho edge, and with a great effort leapt . through, and gained a' foothold on; the other side ; but the other two were fearful and undecided, and when their com pinion^ i»H?d to them- through the darkness, Leap I leapt tho sky ia on its way clown, i tbey looked up, and saw it descending ; but, paralysed by fear, they sprang so feebly that tbey reaohed the other Bide with their hands, and the eky at tho samo moment striking violently on the earth with a terrible sound, forced them into the dreadful, dark abyss.' Tho Ottawa tribes also believe the San and Moon to bo brother and sister. ' Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a chasm in the sky, and found themselves in a pleas ant, moonlit land. Thore they saw the moon approaobing asfrom behind a hill ; thoy knew hor at. the first sight; sho was an aged woman with whito face and pleasing air. Speaking kindly to them, she led them to her brother, tho Sun, and he carried them with him ia his ooarse, and Bent them home, with promise of bsppy life.' Thero is an Ottawa myth about Mana bozho, tho solar god, among the Algonquins, whioh tells about bis driving his fathor, tho West, across mountain and lake to tbe brink of tho world, but ho was not abla to kill him. The conflict is described in ' Hiawatha' ; the West- Wind or Mudjekee'wis being tho father of Hiawatha. Then bogan tlio deadly conflict, Hand to hand among tho mountains. Book retreated Mudjekcewis, - Bushing westward o'er tho mountains, Stumbling westward down tho mountains, Threo whole days retreated fighting, Still pursned by Hiawatha, To tho portals of the West Wind, To the portals of tho Sunset, To tho earth's remotest borders, Whero into the empty spaces Sinks the sun, as a flamingo Drops into her neBt at nightfall In tho melancholy marshes. ' Hold 1' at length oriod Mudjekeewis, ' Hold, my son, my Hiawatha 1 'Tis impossible to kill me, For you cannot kill the immortal. I have put you to this trial But to know and prove your oourage.' In tho Ottawa myth, Manabozho is called Na-na-bou-jou, and is the elder brother of Ning-gah-bn-ar-nong Manito, tho Spirit of the West, god of tho country of tho dead, in the roRion of the Betting sun. This Eun hero, Manabozho, when he angled for the King of Fishes, was swallowed, canoe and all ; then ho smoto the monster's heart with his war-club till he would fain havo cast him up into the lako again, but the hero set his oanoe fast across the fish's throat inside, and finished slaying him ; whon tho dead monster drifted ashore, the gulls peoked an opening for Manabozho to come out.' This stoiy is tikewisa told in 'Hiawatha,' in the account of the Little Monedo ol the Ojibwas. Tho Ornibi philosopher, who lives in a pueblo, knows something about architecture ; therefore, ho imagines the world to bo a building, and seven stories high. Wo arj supposed to ocoupy tho second story, one being below, and five being above. The thiri story is oaoupied by tho rain-god, who sprinkles the earth with rain by dipping a brush made of birds' feathers into tho lakes ot the skies. The Indians who live on the cliffs of Arizona bolieve that the rain is sent for tho irrigation of their crops and to refresh the thirsty earth. In tho winter this . god causes a snow-fall fay crushing the ioo of the heavonly lakeB, and scattering it over the earth. The reason why wo ocoupy the second Btory of this wonderful building is presented in' the following way by the Oraibi philosopher. It was supposed that people originally inhabited a lower world by means of a magical tree, which served as a ladder from the lower world to this. They found the firmament resting low down on the earth, forming the floor of the world, and Mateito, one of their gods, raised tha firmament on his shoulders to hiB present place. He'isalso supposed to havo made tho moon out of seven baskets of cotton balls, woven by seven maidens, and the bits of cotton which were scattered about whilst they worked were made into Btars. Mateito then made a sun to keep the people warm, tot they complained beoause the moon was cold. He mado tho sun ol the hair of seven buffalo robes. He aleo appointed the times and seasons for the heavenly bodies to appear ; and the gods of the heavens have obeyed his commands from the day of oreation till the present time. According to the Shoshoni Indians, tho sky is ice (being of the colour of ice) and the fall of snow is caused by a monster serpent-god, who coils his huge back against the eky and brushes tbc ice dust off with his scales. That Berpent-god is. supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpent-god of storm. In the winter timo the serpent Bends Bnow, and in the sum mer time rain. . Schoolcraft, who spent some time visiting among the Indian tribes, relates a story told by a North American Indian prophotoss, de scribing a vision sho had of the Bright Bine Sky, ' At her solitary fast at womauhood she fell into an ecstasy, and at tho call of the spirits she went up to heaven by the path that leads to the opening in the sky ; there ehe heard a voice, and, standing still, saw the .gure of a man near the path. His head was surrounded by a beaniful halo, and his breast was covered with squares. ' Look at me,' he said, ' my name is Oihaunauegceghick, the Bright Blue Sky.'' Sho likowiao described the spirit as being ornamented with tho hiero glyphs horn3 of power. The North Amerioan Indians the Pleiades the Dancers, and the turning star theDay-bringer. Stories ni told of an Indian who had long gur-d on a star in ohildhood C-iu day It left us plaoe in tho heavens, and oame down to the oartb, and talked with bim. When he went out banting, and had poor lank, the star would load him to the place whero thero was plenty of game. ?The Indian myths about the planet Venus are interesting. Longfellow tells in ' Hia watha' how. — 'The Star of Evening Melts and trembles through tho purple, Hnngs suspended in the twilight. No ; it is a bead of Wampum On the robes of the Great Spirit, Ab he passes through tho twilight, Walks in silence through the heavens I ' Then Iagoo, the story-teller, relates how. Osseo, the son of the wandering star of Even ing, was beloved by 0»eenee; the ' Bilent, dreamy maiden,' who rofueed ' all hor young and handsome suiters,' and married — Old Ojseo, poor and ugly, Broken with Bgo and weak with ooughing, Always coughing liko a squirrel, Ah, but beautiful within him Was the spirit of Osseo, From the Evening Star descended.' All the heavenly bodies, indeed, wero sup posed to be human beings or spirits by the North Amerioan Indians. The ghost theory was very obviously held among them, not the mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writers. ' ' I suppose I'll have to go s but, indeed, it wasn't my fault,' said a pretty servant girl when the mistress of the house surprised hor husband hugging tho lass. 'Ob, no, don't think of going,' replied the praotioal mistrees ; ' since you have been with us we nre saving money. My husband remains in of evenings, watching for ohances to hug you, and I Btay home to watch him. His remaining at home is from 81 50 to 92 in his pooket every night, and I'll want somo of the money shortly for.' a new dress, and there'll bo trouble if I don't get it. Most married women will not havo. a pretty servant girl obont the house; but when a pretty servant girl will enablo me to get pretty clothes I'm willing to tolerate her.' — Philadelphia Daily Herald, 