Although it is scarcely to be expected that the coming Bishop of Mclbourno will exercise the wide influence .over society which his predecessor did, the probabili ties are that he is an able man, aud the mere fact that lie is the acknowledged head of a large section of the community is enough of itself to make him a political force. Whether ho admires a .lewish Sabbath or a Christian Sunday, whether he advocates denominational education or believes that religion is too sacred to be gabbled over in class lessons to a careless or unbelieving teacher, whether he tries to use the Church as au electioneering force on the Conservative side, orouly interposes when religion and morals are in question, are matters that cannot be indifferent to the community. It so happens that we aro able to forecast what Bishop Goe's action in these matters will be with tolerable certainty. He read a paper on the connection of tho Christian teacher with National Politics to the Church Con gress that met at Carlisle in 1884. It is not a paper of any great distinction, but it marks rather a high level of culture and thought for a member of the Evangelical party, which affects, and is quite justified in affecting, to have nothing in common with human wisdom. Up to a certain point Air. Goe's conclusions at Carlisle were such as almost everyone will endorse. Ho thought that politics could not be divorced from considerations of morality and religion, and ho pointed out that " an absorbing interest in party politics " injuresaclergyman'sspiritualityof mind, " diverts him from and unfits him for the " grand object of his ministry, alienates " his parishioners, and lowers him in " their esteem." So far we shall all be disposed to go, that a clergyman is not to lose sight of his duties as a citizen because he has received what is known as a call, and on the other hand that he is to think more of his pastoral work than of Primrose Lodges or Birmingham cau cuses. Tho real question, of course, is what are the important issues that may oblige a clergyman to interpose iu poli tics. Mr. Goc mentioned two special cases, tbo question of war and the ques tion of slavery, as matters coming within tho domain of religiou. lie could hardly have taken better instauces, but in what way do our readers suppose the illustration was enforced? " Tiie teacher," said Mr. Goe, "should point out that though war entered " upon merely for glory, ambition and " aggrandisement is no better than whole- " sale murder, yet that there are occasions ' when it is justifiable, aud even inevit- " able, as things are, because war is for " nations the only power to which they "must submit. Pulpit utterances from men " of weight, preachiugin great ccutres, con- " tribute towards the formation of a healthy " Christian sentiment among the people." By "healthy Christian sentiment" Mr. Goe of course meant a critical approbation of Lord Bcacousfield's intervention in Turkey, and of Air. Gladstone's war in Egypt. This it is to have received the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands. A mero layman, liko Air. Lowell, kind o" thiuks " Christ went agin war and "pillage, Au' that eppyletts worn'ttho "best mark of a saint," but the coming Bishop of Alelbourne has corrected the doctrine of the sermon on tho Alount by the Jingoism of London music halls. Let us see if Mr. Goo spoke less question ably when he came to the topic of slavery. He admitted that " AVilberforoo and " Clarkson did a noble work when tbey " vindicated the right of the slave to bo a " free man but he observed that in these days " wo all need to be reminded " more frequently and more emphatically " of our duties than of our rights." Let the Christian teacher circulate among working people such a book aB Tim TcJJington's Dream, by Miss Agnes Gibernc. It "will put more " sense into their heads about na- " tional politics thau all the electioneering " speeches they hear in England or (may " I add?) in Scotland." Wo confess our selves unacquainted with Tim Tcddinrjton'a Dream. It may be as grand as the Dream ofSeipio and as masculine in conception as Mill on Liberty ; or it may be of the same texture as the tracts which Airs. Jellyby distributed, and which the unregenerate working man refused to read because ho didn't want to be fed with pap. Probably, wo shall soon kuow, for Bishop Goe will, of course, bring a cargo of this invaluablo pamplet for distribution. Aleanwhile, it is surely fair to assume that a gentleman whoso sympathies with labor aro confined to the negro of two generations back will find himself a little out of placo among a population of working men who have con quered all the rights which the Chartists tried to assert 40 years ago, who are much more orderly citizens than tho unemanci- pated British workman was, aud who have still a substantial residuo of rights to achieve. It was scarcely to bo expected that Mr. Goe's paper should deal only with such simple topics as war and the rights of labor. Air. Goe touched as resolutely on the Liberal contest with the House of Lords, and expressed au opinion that it was " very bad for tho working people " to be told that they were the ultimate de positories of power. He glanced at the Bradlaugh case, anil declared that "tho "Christian teacher will surely not be "backward to denounce the sin of so " altering the conditions of admission into " the Legislature as to enable a professed " Atheist to sit in Parliament." He declared that "whether men will "bear or whether they will for- " bear tho Christian teacher must uphold "the sanctity aud binding authority of "God's holy day when proposals aro "brought forward which tend to its dese cration." On tho whole it is surely fair to say that ou every question which has stirred England during the last seven years, except tho very important Irish questiou, we know that Air. Goe thought it his duty to intcrfero on the Conservative side, and iu a spirit of narrow bigotry. We can hardly expect that such a man will take a broad view of tho educational question, and wo shall of course have to light the old battles over again against a gentle man who knows nothing of the colonv and who cannot be convinced that what has worked with tolerable success iu Bloomsbury may not bo equally applicable to the AVimuiera. Least of all can we suppose that such a man will bring back tbe Chnrch of England in this colony into the old lines which have given her vitality and force in England under a thousand diificultics. Scrape tho minister in any denomination and you arc certain to find the priest; but English statesmanship guarded against this by making the Sovereign the head of the Church, aud by referring the final arbitrament, in matters of faith to tribunals presided over by lay men. Strong in tho wisdom of experience, tolerant because site is as manifold us human life itself, and politic because sbo cannot afford to stake her existence upon metaphysical guesses, the State looks down upon the war of opinions, aud has achieved the great moral triumphs of the past three hundred years, the emancipation of thought, the emancipation of labor and the emancipation of women, sometimes without assistance from the Churches and often against their opposition. Where, however, a clergyman has been found with the divine passion for improvement he has always been safest and strongest if ho was guarded by the privileges of tho State Church from the interference and control of his brethren. Take away the instinct of adaptation to State policy from tho Church of England and it possesses nothing to recommend it to thoughtful men that other Protestant sects do not possess or may not to-morrow adopt. If the Anglican Church in these colonics means to be faithful to historical prece dent, it ought to identify itself with the community ; to be democratic, to throw iu its lot with national education and to sym- pathise with the further aimB of tho laborer. Bishop Goo will do well to re member, before he attacks Australian Liberalism, that I:/; comes amongus with a child's ignorance of our politics, and must begin by learning what our laws and social conditions aro before ho can sot us right by the light of the Thirty-nine Articles. Whejj a public exhibition is a decided suc cess, it is not surprising that there should be a number of individuals connected with it who strongly object to closing tho doors. As the time approaches for putting an end to the summer glories of the " Colonial " aud Indian" iu Loudon it is only natu ral that the idea should have been promul gated to givo them a supplemental exist ence. , The conception is one more likely to be favorably entertained by those who are basking in tho full radiance of the triumph than thoso at a distance who have contributed to it but have no particular interest in its prolongation. Another idea which has grown out of this unique gathoring, and comes to 113 supported by tlio imprimatur of tho Prince of Wales, is to invite the whole of the British Empire to do honor to thu Queen's Jubilee year by uniting in the memorial for its celebration. It is proposed that a magnificent building, to be termed the Imperial Institute, shall bo erected in the metropolis, to contain within it a classified museum representa tive of tho products and curiosities of that vast section of the earth's surfaco which belongs to England. So far as we are informed of this gigautio project, its cxhibitional attraction is to form only a small portion of its intended objects. It is to be made directly conducive to federation purposes, by bringing together, as far us possible, under ono roof all that is educationally connected with thu conception of Im perial Union and of special interest to thu outlying portious of the great British Commonwealth. It would certainly seem as if no worthier way of commemorating the fiftieth year of a most prosperous and splendid reign could be devised, and the enterprise is suro to meet with acceptance among all the communities invited to tako part in its execution. As in all sublunary affairs tho vulgar question of " cash " is the first to come to the front. Whether it bo a proposal to convert distant cannibals to Christianity or . distant sheep to frozen mutton it is all the same — the foremost difficulty presents itself as a question of ways and means. It is generally admitted that throughout the whole of the colonics thero is a strong feeling of sympathy and affec tion towards the mother country, but now it is asked that the sentiment shall as sume a concrete shape. When somebody was enlarging upon his deep sorrow for a sad case of distress a Quaker standing by, putting his hand into his poc ket, said, "Friend, I am sorry one "guinea; how much art thou Borry?" The Prince of Wales is at pre sent imitating at least one half of the proceeding of this Quaker. He has heard that tho colonies nro tremendously loyal, and he is now having the quostion pertinently put to them, "How much?'' What arc they prepared to give to trans form the Imperial Institute from an abstrac tion to a reality ? Tho Premier of Vic toria, with a desiro to make a sufficiently generous response to' this appeal on the one hand, aud a regard for the many claims upon tho colonial purse on tho other, has suggested to his brother Treasurers of Australasia to contribute a sum of £20,000, inde pendent of £5000 which has been promised by Western Australia on its own account. Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand have ac quiesced in tbe propriety of this suggestion. The only note of dissent comes from New South Wales. As that colony can boast of a deficiency of over £2,000,000 in its Treasury accounts, and bus just made a present of £10,000 to a retiring politician, its Premier considers that a joint Australian donation of £20,000 to the proposed Imperial Institute would look mean. So he lias advised that it should bo increased to £30,000 or £40,000 at least, aud has forwarded tele grams to that effect to the various colonial capitals. It is a curious fact that Sir Patrick Jennings's exuberance of genero sity meets with a somewhat chilling re sponse. The other colonics cannot boast of such big deficits. Aiost of tbeni ore troubled with surpluses, and desire to re tain those encumbrances. If the British Isles were in a crisis of distress aud au Imperial Patriotic Fund were needed, wo may be confident that there would be no stint in the Australian contribution. But the celebration of her Majesty's Jubilee is, after all, rather a matter of parade than urgency, and a £20,000 gift towards it from this part of the Empire will adequately meet tho necessities of tho case. We represent merely a popu lation of 3,000,000 out of one of over 250,000,000. If the rest contribute at tho same rate, there will be a sum of upwards of £1,600,000 for the memorial, which is as much as is likely to be economically spent, in the first year, over the project iu London. We may very well wait to see how much more will be required before offering more. To the Australasian colonies the question presents itself as one rather of sentiment than of utility. Au Imperial Institute will doubtless be a nice addition to the show places of the modern Babylon, and ono which will prove a great attraction to colonists who may for a time take up their abode in England. But it is a very small percentage of Australians who will enjoy the opportunity of inspecting it. To the mass of the people iu this part of tho world the benefits to be derived from the proposed institution are decidedly prob lematical. The colonial representation iu England, hitherto, has involved no small amount of snobbcrry and tuft hunting, aud it may readily be conceived that the vast majority of stay-at-home Australians arc not particularly anxious to lavish ex cessive contributions upon what may prove to be au opening for the further development of similar characteristics. While some good may come from the establishment in London of a permanent exposition of colonial products, past ex perience proves that it is quite as likely to lead to squabbles aud misunderstandings. At this very moment a heated controversy is raging between Imperial and Australian representatives as to which of them arc blamablc for certain disabilities im posed on ono of staple productions at the existing Exhibition ; nnd it is not difficult to imagine that similar feuds might arise in the future over the more pretentious project which we are now asked to subsidise. In view of all the cir cumstances, we think that the Australian colonies are wise in preferring Air. Gillies's prudent economy to Sir Patrick Jennings's shiftless nrodjerality. 