•Novelist. PUT ASUNDER: OK LADY CATTLE MAINE'S DIVORCE. CHAITEn XXXV1L—(COKTIMTED. By BEETHA M. CLA.Y, ^rrnoii or " nis ONE MISTAKE," 41 THCOWN ON TILL." WOULD," " - FTRCGTILE FOR A IUM;," "A BiTTEr. ATONEMENT," ETC. Issb:l appeared at breakfast. so Aid Lord Castlemaine. They spoke little. Budolph shrugged his shoulders when he fonnd his wife would not be at breakfast. Lord Castle, maine did finally say to Isabel: " Yon say you dislike Colonel Lennox. Why do you tolerate him, as yon did last night, by treating him as you do other men ?" "Ton forget," said Isabel Hyde, gently. " that I am not B leader in society. I have no one to support any stand I may make. My aunt .thinks Ijowe her a heavy debt of gratitude for maintaining me here for two seasons, and the ODly way J can pay that debt is by aiding her in every way which she requires to make her home agreeable and her entertainments a success. I cannot take an independent course. I wish I could. And then, too, I may not know about Colonel Lmnox all the evil that yon know of him, for there may be many things that would not ba motioned before me/' "That is very true," said Castlemaine, thinking suddenly that possibly his wife night be as innocsnt of these scandals as Hiss If;d.- wee. " At the same time," added Isabel, hastily, " you have bjen my kind, faithful friend. I rtspecs your opinion above all tbincs, and if you tell me that you think I should ignore lonel TienmiTi f ptiguldfca to do so in every way in my power." The letters were brought in. Lird Castlemaine took up his, and as ho asked leave to open it he wished that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable a temper us Mtu Ejde. "Miss Ilyds," he said, presently, "I aa called to Neath on business of much importance ; I must catch the next train. Explain mj absence to Gertrude ; say I will return to morrow. He hastened from the breakfast-room, and won left the houEe. lEabel wrote a little card to Indy Castlemsinc, laid it with her letters, and Rave them to Fanny to take to her mistress. Ia a short time Fanny carn3 to say that Lidy Cisflem&ine; desired to ess Miss Hide. Isabel fcood her still in bed, her letters sc&tLcred; ab^ut the counterpane. " So lladolph has rushed off to Neath?" "Yes. Are yon going to wear the willow in that behalf?'' "NoI But truly, Isabel, he is so dictatorial, so unreasonable, that I do not know what to say or do. I feel ta il I lived on the side of a volcano, or in wretched earthquake lands. Now here, my mother ha? written. She is not so well. She cannot leave Bath, and she has her business to do, and baa sent for Mr Grimbeld, our solicitor; tut then the business cannot be dons unless she soet me, ana she desires me to coma down, tbis afternoon, tor three days. Now. if I go right off. who knows but Rudolph will go into another fury over that ?" "Of coarse he could not. He would not be jealous of yotsr mother. Nothing can he more proper then to go to her; you can take Fanny. There is no question about it. Your mother needs ycu. She may be more ill than she says. I should be anxious, were 1 in your x place." " And you thine that I should go ?" ," Certainly. There will be a train at four o clock, from Common Btrcet. I Fpent severirt months at Bath, with Aunt Cresson." "Will you come with me, Isabel? You would not wish to stay here without me, and you might as well go to Bath as to your 6 Aunt." "Certainly I will go, if you desire it." Well, then, ring for Finny. I will have hot pick my things, and I will write a note to lladolph, inclosing my mother's letter. Wo Bo at four. I almost think I will enjoy it"; it will be a change, and Eadolph will have time to come to his senses." The letter to her husband was of the curtesi. Gertrude was yet ceeplv angered at what she considered tho inexcusable attack of the previous evening. To cut short her pleasure, ha pretty social triumph with such furious, cruel words 1 While G:r;rude wrote her letters, breakteea, ar:d bad some talk with her house- J«per, Isabel went quietly to the nearest telegraph oiaee and sent this dispatch to wiloatl Lennox: ,." G \ EDi 1 RO to Bath," to Jjzdy Craven, for "nee daja. We take the 4 P.M. train." An hour after Colonel Lmnox received this , «opk the train to Charing Cross station for ipwjch—a jqjimey of which he took especial Puns to inform bis friends. Atteur the next me next morning he reached Bath, by a train "om Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a reuridabout tour, which the colonel took with •set debght. An evening with her mother, recounting all r™ IP^f' and 611 the eveate oI Me «sason, - jtsBred Gertrude's spirits. Lidy Craven's i^^re evidently, jmost of them, fancird, «ntt eh9 „M ,ookjng fresher than eveJ._ B « M e little fiction of ill-health would lw inri? a y witb - In the morning die waited that Gertrode and Isabel must go out n!;' and to drink the waters. Mr. rhiKi ®ss not to come for business talk o n ? 0 'dock lunch. Lady Craven was on «™s of great friendliness with her lawyer, ehe had known since her second , and ifho had bepo her fcosba»ft'« warmest friend. Gertrude had been accustomed to regard the lawyer almost as one ol her family, and it bad been pleasing to her that ho was also in charge of the affairs of the Castlemaine estates, and highly regarded by her husband. Scarcely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they were joined by Colenel Lennox, who met them, crying joyously: " This is an unexpected pleasure." •l.It certainly is unexpected," eaid Gertrude, as she gave him her hand. «• I am on a sadden summons from my mother. As I said before, you meet as as if you were inspired by a tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit. Which is *' If we were either, the genius should have my deepest gratitude, eaid Colonel L-xraox, with a glanoe at Isabel, unseen by Gertrude. "And, pray, when-did you come?" asked Ieabel, calmly. "Day before yesterday. I heard that an old friend, a major of my regiment, was here eick. There is a strong fraternal feeling among officers, you know, and I came here directly I left Lady Craven's tableaux. - Very charming, were they not? I recall them with joy. I never saw anything so beautiful. 1 We had poetry, painting, and sculpture all together—a true eoul-feaet. I shall recall it in, distant wilds" and jungles or a deserts, many a time, doubtless. The .flower show bere is just opening, and-is said to have some very remarkable orchids. Will you visit it ?" They lingered among the flowers until twelve, and Colonel Lennox esoorted them to Lidy Craven's door. Both Isabel and Gertrude refrained from mentioning whom they had met. Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had, in fact, known for some time that a disreputable old major of his acquaintance |was trying, with Bath water, to restore a system destroyed by brandy, but he had no idea of visiting him until he found that he could make him a good excuse lor his appearance In Bath. 4 4 And how have you spent the morning?" asked the major. "Most charmingly. I met Miss Isabel Hyde, a brunette, who drove London society quite wild two seasons eince, and yet reigns 'in maiden meditation, fancy, free.' And, also, Lady Gertrude, who -crowned her first season by marrying the Earl of Castlemaine." • " I know," said the major, eagerly; " a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys the income from the estate, bnt the .entire property of her father will revert to the daughter. Ah! Castlemaine was in rare ,Juck always. He had all that fortune could give him in his own behalf, and gets what the French call an enormous dot with his wife He'll have it all." "Not if he happens to die before his motherin-law," said Lsnnox. • " Not much likelihood; a young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." • Or if he should happen to—get divorced,' seid Lennox, " before his mother-in-law died. In that case the lady would inherit in her own behalf." " Divorced l" cried the major, with a roar of iangbter. " Ton don't eeem to know that that was a love match, and that Lady Castlemaine, as Miss Craven and as Lady Castlemaine, is a true model cf propriety. The Snow Q aeen—the White Rose, tliey say." . " Nj doubt—no doubt; hut modem society is so queerly constituted, and sooial life has now eo many fantastic ways, one never knows what may happen." " Especially when such men as you are let loose on society, Lsnnox," said the major, sneeringly. " Iam not numbered among the Cietlemaine set" said the colonel, coldly, changing -the conversation." Lord Castlemaine returned home to find his wife and Isabel .absent; and-the cold note comfort his heart. Going to dine at his dub, he heard Colonel Lsnnox mentioned, with the news that he had gone to Ipswich, and, also, that his regiment might at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castlemaine felt tempted to foment wars and discards abroad, eo that by the withdrawal of a dangerous element he might have peace at home. Gertrude returned at the time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly wide; the coldness between the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, in the highest spirits. There were no more looks of tender love,~eager confidences, true, heartfelt compliments; each heart was wounded; each one felt the other the most to blame, asd neither £roud heart would bend to blame itself. In another month they would go to Reath for a rest, after the excitement of the season. To that Lord Castlemaine secretly looked forward. He would have his wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgiveness-Alight follow. He didnot wish even Isabel invited to acsompany them. Lady. Gordon gave a garden party. Her garden-parrieswere considered the very crowning festivities of the season—the lovely grounds b?c^me a troe areadia. Ieabel was charming in pink and psffed folia; bnt what was Ieabel in comparison with the beautiful Lady Castlemaine, in s dress cf the faintest shade of blue, trimmed with white water-lily buds in her gulden hair, water-lilies half open about her Enowy shoulders that outgleamed the flowers, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from her dainty waist, along the shimmering folds to her fec-t. Lord Castlemaine's heart grew very tender to so much beauty. They had been together; then friends had called each one sway. ~ Suddenly Lord Castlemaine met the two friends whom he had overheard talking in the dubhouse, and the sight of them always reminded him ol the culpable carelessness of husbands. He turned to find his wife. He went here and there. Finally he saw her. Evergreens formed a circle around a fountain. In that seclusion and coolness, he heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with the plash of waters. Sbe Eat on tbe marble basin of the fcuntain, and was idly floptifig in the water a. lily she held in her own whibf hand. She was looking up and chatting with-some one, who bent over her with evident admiration in every line of his face. That man wss Colonel Lennox, CHAPTER XXXVUL A CEtSrS OF FATE. When Lord Castlemaine saw the pair by the fountain, he was wild with jealous rage. That any men should dare lock on his wife with such adoring admiration! The fact was, that Gertrude bad become occustomel to Colonel Lennox's -adoring, passionate gaze, and merely considered Jt "his way of looking." without considering what it .meant. His first impulse was to «pring: forward, seize his. wife's hand; and lead her away.— avay from the garden-party, away from Siondon, away from England 1 Bnt Lard Castlemaine belonged to a class which, however hot may be its passion, is schooled in. eell-control; repression, decorum, these vrere his earliest lessons. He checked himself» moment to take his breath—to .become master ol tonself. Io that moment the Duke, of Portsea, with Lady Gordon on hia arm, stepped from the circle of evergreens and etood before the countess and the coloneL Lord Castlemaine was not near jsnongfa to hear what' was said; but there are actions that have*a clear voice. . After the interchange ol a lew sentences, Lady ffordqn laid her hapd pn the colonel's arm, arid they moved out of sight, while Dote rtforfefW end they directed their steps towards the conservatory. Lord Castlemaine understood it all. The conduct of his wife was giving rise to comment and suspicion; Lady Gordon had intervened to save the imprndent Gertrude from her own folly; the fatherly old duke was quietly defending Lady Castlemaine from a dangerous man. Rldolph's heart burned hotly. His wiie in this terrible position! But lie must confrol himself; they were near him. Tho eyes of husband and wife met. His flamed indignation ; here shot defianoe. Possibly the Rood duke saw these eignals of warfare, and eo threw himself into the breach. "Ab, Castlemaine 1" he cried, "your wife has honored me by going with me to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron; it took the prizs at the ehow in Baesell Square last week; therefore, it is the finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and we go to pay our homage to it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner; age is now graced by beauty. Will you come with bs, or are you satisfied' with the company she is in?" Lord Castlemaine bowed low. " My wife could .not be in better company than die is in note." Gertrude understood him. He had eeea her with Lennox. The hand on the duke'a arm trembled a little, and -her bosom heaved quickly. Sbe wished thM 'sha were alone, that she might burst into angry tears. She was, then, , watched, spied, condemned I There would follow further scenes of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. Sae preferred peace, but a peace in which Bhe might have her own way. Bither than yield to injustice, to indignities, to arbitrary rules, she would quarrel to the bitter end. Probably a beautiful, rhododendron was never looked on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lord Castlemaine withdrew from the frequented walks; he could not bear to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave himself np to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed- eohoeing condemnations of the folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for one headstrong against counsel, lenient to vice, careless of her own dignity? He did not know that only the first of these charges held good against Gertrude. Lady Gordon came and plaoed herself at his side; she laid her hand on his arm. " You look sad, my friend y Lord Castlemaine knew that she had something to say, and if this subject must be opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman of goji jujgmeuc, tui'-i with any other. " I am sad," he said. " I am bitterly disappointed, much perplexed." "The task of guiding a beautiful wife, so young as yours, through the quicksands of modern society is not an easy one," said Lady Gordon. "You mast remember that what makes it so hard is the very thing we most admire. Innocence, incapable of wrongdoing, ignorant even of what wrong is; simplicity and frankness that conoeal nothing— these make Gertrude's danger." " To think that my wife could be in danger I" " Not in danger of any wrong doing, believe me, but of criticism and slanderous tongues. Tou should warn her against Colonel Lennox. -He is piyiog her very pointed attention, and she does not know it." " I have warned her in tho strictest manner, over and over." " It is a great pity," said Lady Gordon, "that modern society admits freely men whose slightest attentions are dangerous to our innocent young matrons and' maidens. All such evil-doers should be banished; hut they are not, and -no one of use is brave enongh to bagin a jost systom of black- balling-'" iraW "men'cannot be banished," the only thing that remains is to take the unfortunate women that they venture to admire out of their way." "I think that is the best plan. By the next season he will no doubt be gone, and ehe will have gained experience." " I have thought of going at once to Neath." " I should do so. I have pts-sed these idle bints unheeded, as notbingR; though I did think it a little reckless of Gertrude to ask a man like Lennox to a garden luncheon, have heard, too, that he has said he should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped that Lidy Castlemaine would honor him by presiding. But when I heard that he followed her to Bath, it really seemed to me to bo going too far." " To Bsth 1" faltered Lord Castlemaine, his heart growing-cold "A friend of mine wrote that he eaw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonel Lennox. I thought as the news bad so come to me, it might equally have reached others, and lest idle tongues should begin to talk, when I found he had wandered off alone with her, I went and took him away." " I thank yon.' _ But the tone of these words made liadv Gordon tremble. "Ihegyour pardon, my friond," she said, " ramembcrthat in such a case great gentleness is needed as great firmness. I assure you, your wife is as pure and simpla-g&i; child, You must be tender. I should hs?e bad my son ruined, if to great firmness, I had not known how to add patienoe and tenderness." . " All do not possess those gracious qoalitiea," said Lord Castlemaine. "They must cultivate them. They are indispensable. You must seek them, my biend. You will repent all harshness. Bs gentle. B?member, also, 'that every good and perfect gift is from above, and oometh down from the Father of light.'" Pressing Lord Castlemaine's lisnd, Lady Gordon moved off among her guests. Lord and Lidy Castlemaine were the first to take leave. "I do not wish to go," said Gertrude, pettishly. " I am enjoying myself. Isabel is not ready. Send tbe carriage back for us." "Isabel can be left under the ohaperoneg9 of her aunt. I desire that you will accompany ma at once." Not a word was spoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Castlemaine said: " Gertrude, will you kindly come to the library? I wish to speak with you." " I cannot. I am Used. I must go and change my dress." ." That can wait. I insist upon yop coming, to hear what I have to say." With a haughty step Gertrude entered the library, and threw herself into B chair. Well ?'' she said, sharply. Gertrude, you have not regarded my wishes about Colonel Lennox." I treat Colonel. Lsnnox just as I treat others. He is nothing to me.'' I dp not wish him treated as others. He is unworthy of it," 'I cannot make myself absurd by variations of conduct, as if I thought any acquaintance wss of any consequence." Yon could regard my wishes if yon would. By neglecting them you are making yourself the subject of suspicion and of. the most unpleasant remark*. Tbe Soke of Porieea and Lady Gordon were to-day obliged to make evident effort to save my wife from scandals and me from disgrace I" Gertrude flushed crimson. " What do you mean?"ehe cried. " I can take care of myself 1 Who dares speak harshly of we 17 <. "Very many ^nviouB tongues, and youals iffording them cause. Yon are no mars capable of takingoare of yonrfielf than a child net oat of the misery. X thoqsiht yoo were. —you are not. You have deceived me. You met Colonel Lennox at Bath." " I know I did 1" cried Gertrude," just as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; he went before I did. Isabel and I met him by chance at the gardens, and he walked to my mother's door with us." (She refrained from mentioning other meetings at Bith; why add fuel to the flame?) "How dare you say I deceived you 1 Do you not know that I scorn a lie and all deceit ? I tell you it was mere accident, that meeting." "Since you say so I believe it, on yonr part, but not on his. It was no aocident his being invited here to lunch." " I did not mean to do that," said Gertrude. " It was an accident in a way. But why should I not invite him ? He is a man that I like. Other people like him, and invite him ; why should your jealous ill-tempe^iut a constraint on my most innocent acts ? " " I am appalled at you, I blaah for you! " cried Lord Castlemaine. " Colonel Lennox is a man of bad character and bad life; -will you not believe what I say to you, again and again?" "I believe that you believe, but I do not believe it is so. Prejudice has blinded yon. I Bee other people receiving and approving him; I see the queen honoring him; I hear him express the noblest sentiments; I know that he is a hero,; I " Enough 1" 'cried Lord Castlemaine, in lariated. " I would not have believed that you could think or say such things. We go to ijeath to-morrow morning. I will save my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at once? " 4 1 No, I will not I" cried Gertrude. "I will not be dragged off like a criminal; I will not be shut up like a maniac. I have engagements to the close of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, and we cannot close our doors to her. You mil make me the talk of society." " You are fast making yourself that," said Lord Castlemaine, angrily. " If you will not give the order to your maid, I must; for we shall leave in the ten o'clock train to-morrow. As for Miss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, orasE an invitation from Lady Gordon. Lady Gordon, at leaEt, will understand why we go." "If my mother were here I would go to her, and free you of responsibility for me," cried Gertrude. " Husbands cannot he freed from responsibility in suoh a way," eaid Lord Castlemaine. " I should not allow you to stay in London. It is my duty to remove you from scenes of temptation and danger, in which you evidently do not know how to guide yourself. Wiil you give your order to Fanny ? " "Decidedly I will not." Lord Castlemaine rang the bell for the butler. " Bobert, you will send a page with a telegram to Neath, saying that we leave for there in the ten train to- morrow, and will remain there for the rest of the summer. You will arrange with the housekeeper for closing this house for tho season at once. Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leaving ; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for immediate departure, and have all ready for the morning train, if ehe has to work all night. We will have no delays." The butler bowed. He was too discreet to look at his lady; hut she was standing in . apparent indifference, looking out into tbe garden. When the butler had gone siic turned to leave the room. ' ° "Is there anything else you wish, Gertrude ? " said Lord Castlemaine, in an unfortunate attempt to carry out Lsdy Gordon's programme cf gentleness. " I wish nothing," said Gertrude, with passion, " except that I had never seen you. You have disappointed jne. You are not as I enemy. 'Tou are cruel and delight in making me wretched, wish I had retained my freedom. You take pleasure in showing me that I am no better than your tlave. At least a slave can exercise the right of hating the chain 1" Sbe lift the room with these words. She was swept sway in a frenzy of passion. In all her life she had been petted and indulged, and if her mother had desired her to porEUs any espccial course, it had bun craftily arranged so as to seem dictated by herself. Here was the first inetance of> reproGcb, of correction, of condemnation that she had ever known. And she had b-:en attacked in a point where ehe felt herself so innocent, eo above all challenge. Hid she not always ebuffed the compliments of the colonel 1 Had he ever been asked to her home czcept to that one tea, and to that fatal Innch, when Isabel really had invited him 1 Had ehe not always loved and admixed her hUEband, and had she ever in the slightest thought of her heart given him cause for jealousy 2 And now ehe was to be made the puppet of his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper 1 She hurried to her boudoir and locked herself in, without Etopping to take cfi her festal splendors, where the water-lilies were already drooping and fading over the sheen of the silk. CHATTEB XXXIX. SO H03IS WHEBE BEAM IS SOT. Night brings counsel. When first Gertrude went to her room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futile schemes. She would send a telegram to her mother and -make her come quickly and open her own house in Portman Square, and take her daughter home. But she knew that Lady Craven would not do' that. Lady Craven abhorred scandals, of all things. She would not be a paity to her daughter breaking up her married life and home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a countess,and she would consider it a very small thing to sacrifice an acquaintance, and a little self-will, for the sake of the coronet and the splendid position of - the Csstlemaines. Then Gertrude wished ehe might run away and lose herself to every one whom she had known. Sbe had read cf people who lived qnietly in little, unknown lodgings, and went and came as Qiey chose, who had no one to molest them, and lived in humble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn : I swear 'lis better to be lowly bom, x And range with humble lovers in content, Than to be perked up in a glistening grief, And wesra golden sorrow."" For-more than two hours Gertrude pursued In all its mR7f« this dream of. disappearance and a lowly life. Poverty she. had never known, even far eff, and it had no terrors for her. It Vas a vision and a plan that Bfterward proved utterly disastrous to ber. Fanny Iras busy in the adjoining rooms, making ready for the departure: Gertrude finally composed heir appearance, and called the girl to aid her in changing her dress. She would give riEe to no ^snrmiscs and impertinent discussions ambng servants, and if she finally concluded on any plan, she must be calm and strong to carry it out. At -dinner-time she went down, cold and stately, but her husband had left word that he thonld dine at Jus club. " Isabel came riming in, all "alert. 4 1 Gertrude 1 why did you leave so early? Were you 111? No—quite the contrary—Eadolph -wished it." ' " What a pity. It was each a delightful tarty, I made quite a conquest of an old jndian nabob-r-he had ,been: married to a begum with no end of treasures, and she died and he possessed all. If 1 fek' quite sure be would follow eo laudaWe~an example, I would rossibly take his name for a little -while, to laye hie rqpaes for a long, while. But,' GertrBjUiwiijare you Bp jisle and dull? Xo'q are ill; .and I seem to hear the stir ol preparation in the house—the breaking np of a camp. What does it mean?'* ' It moans," said Gertrude, with repressed passion, " that Lord CaBtlemaine sees fit to break up here, without warning, and order the household down to Neath to-morrow morning. I am very sorry for jou, Isabel. It is most diegracelul of ns to incommode you in this way. Ycu do not wish to go home until the clorc c-f the season. You will not want to go to Lsdy Cresson." " My dearest 1 I am disturbed, not on my account lint yours. I can go to Miss AUerton she has asked me repeatedly, and I am to be her first briirsnaid you know, as I was yours. It is unlucky for a girl to be first brides maid often; she is never bride. 1 .' ' So much the better for her 1" cried Gertrude with emotion. " My dearest 1" said Isabel, taking her hand, and oaressing it. *'I am so grieved for you. I understand this. It is Castlemaine pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. But the method is medieval. I bad no idea this Lord Castlemaine would follow the example of his ancestors."-. 4 1 What example do you mean ?"' "Why, do you-not know? Are yon so little read in the traditions of your ancient family." 4 4 It is not my family. I believe I hate antiquity and pedigree." " So do I, always except in the directions of old lace and hereditary jewels. But the instances are tbesp. Chailes IT. looked approvingly at a Lady Castlemaine—not that she ever saw the look—but the lord and master promptly carried her off to Neath, and there garrisoned himself -with her in eafety, till the period of their joint lives. Another Lady Castlomaine, of a musical taste, admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ or pcss-bl? a music-box, and ehe also was swept eff to Neath, and ehe never came back. For her no more opera, or theatre, or ball, or garden party, or high tea, or tableaux 1 Poor soul, she might batter have died and done with it ? Why did she'not take a dose of poison, or an 4 aspic,' like Cleopatra." 4 1 If either cf them had any BenEe, when they were tired of captivity, they might have run away azd hidden themselves." " There were no railroads in those days, nor Bteam vessels to tbe Continent, or io the other side of the -world. My dear Gertrude, if you mean to resort to such desperate measures, lsy by you a noble etore of pinmcuey and jewels, for in this age even a heroine cannot live without cash." Dinner was served. In the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs'; theirperfume filled all tbe room. 4 4 White lilacs so late in the season 1" cried Isabel, and running to the table, she bent over, -drew the centre-piece to her, and buried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass. 4 1 Flowers! flowers I" she whispered, '' you are my witnesses. Am I not keeping my vow ? A little longer, and all will be done 1" Shortly after dinner Gertrude excused herself to Isabel and went to her room. A little later Lord Castlemaine came in, and finding Isabel in the drawing-room, explained as well as he could the sadden departure. ' Pray don't speak of it. I think you are very wise. You are doing just right. I will co to Miss Allerton. I have sent her a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely hoAe, so safe, so sweet, so noble 1 Nothing to do but be Rood and happy. Ah, If I had a home lite" Neath, I think I should ask nothing better than to live there all the time; doing good to my tenantry; making the country better and happier, and upbu lding the jglory cf an illustrious historic name/' KigbtbroughtcoonseL Gertrudesawplainly that her own dignity required that she should go q.iietIy^oNeatb. If shamade ;any.esoa;, pades, it must*be'wKen driven to greater extremes. As for Lord Castlemaine, bis heart had grown apathetic with excess of his musing. -He did not know that he was misjudging his young wile. The lovely fabric of his hope and affection seemed to have fallen in ruins about him. The fature was hopeless—the preec-nt was piin. Lord and Lidy Castlemaine breakfasted alone in utter silence. In silence they entered tbe carriage to go to the station—in ti'enca they made the journey to Neath, in tbe reserved, first-class car. It was only about a year since, full of joy and lope. Go trade had gone to her new home after her bridal tour. Then time was all to short for the overflowing words of affection between the married lovers. Now all was gloom and silecce. - Gertrude fixed her e&zc; upon tbe landscape—it was beautiful \- Kent, with its low, green hills, its cathedrals, its villages, its thatched cottages. Lord Castlemaine read the London Timri. Intensely truthful and honourable, Gertrude WBB wounded in her tenderest sensibities by the suspicions and accusations of her h^Eband. One of her traits was obstinacy, and in this she shnt herself up. She would never yield; Eadolph mmt come to sse that hehadw*onged her, and must make the humblestapologiee. Shedidnotknowthat sbecould forgive him even then. On his part, Lord Castlefaaine, beholding her anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colonel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. He could not have made a greater mistake. All the jay of a return to hi3 ancestral bome,- which he deeply loved, was taken from Lord Castlemaine. Gertrude regarded Neath as a prison, and hated it cordially. A divided lifa now began between this illfated pair. Very often Gertrude did not come to breakfast. If she did, she met her husband with a cold nod, and the two read their letters and their newspapers as they sipped their tea and ate their eggs and toast. After breakfast Lord Castlemaine busied himself with the cares of a great estate;-he wrote, and eaw his steward in the library; he took long rides to examine different farms, or visited cottages that were in need of repairs, or school houses which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests had been discussed with Gertrude. She had gone with him on horseback to the farms ; she had enchanted all the.tenants with her oomtesy; she had called at the school-houses; and f&Eoinated; the old bachelor rector in the rectory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful hand. Tbe two met at dinner, but neither aBked the ether how the day had been spent; there were no animated discussions. Gertrude did not tell Budolph of the young mother whom she had fonnd weeping over her dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had comforted; nor did Budolph-ask Gertrude for a wedding trouxaeoH for the gamekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Bsdmoss. - : . After dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alone in his library, or smoked his cigar aslie paced the terrace. Lady Castlemaine walked alone in the gardens, or sat with some idle knitting in her hands, or eat down to ,faer piano, which she pointedly left if her husband appeared. . Such a life as this is killing, especially if it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring of youth. Lord Castlemaine had the relief of occupation, for he was a landlord who realized his duties toward his dependents..- Gertrude iad two sources of relief, one was long walks, and hours of wandering in the wide and beautiful grounds of Neath Abljey. There die found not only trim gardens, shaven lawns, parks delioatdy aleared of all undergrowth, but wild streams, Seep, lonely dells, tlnok woods, winding Fata wnong ttje wher? for bpure wofild hear no step save her own. She became accustomed to these lonely 'rambles, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go for hours unaccompanied, ts wander in the abbey parks. The year before die had been deeply interested in the tenantry, eFpecially the poorer class. Her unbounded generosity found Scope among these, who looked up to her as a visible Providence. The large' sum which she received as 44 pin-money" from her hueband, and that other large sum, which Lidy Craven relieved her mind by regularly remitting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to her knowledge. The housekeeper, mindful of her lady's disposition, as soon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all cases of need—tbis one sick, that old dame gone blind, the mother whose children needed to be fitted out for school, the baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheelchair, the yonng girl that should learn a trade. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of these pleas, and in them she found some relief for her sorrows. In her hours of lonely musing as she restlessly wandered alone, she tried to form some plan for ber future. This lite would become unendurable; ehe would go mad. After a while die wonld insist on going to her mother at E istdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. ~ Meanwhile, not knowing what might happen, she recalled Isabel's advice abont money,^ and weekly put a sum iutoa locked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it to see how much slTe had, but the very fact of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. She fdt sure that Budolph, if he had ever lovod her, had now changed love to hate, and she never considered that disappearance vould crash her mother's happiness. She supposed that society wonld console her mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, his soul full of bitter pain over hiB lost love and blighted home, he saw a youm; carpenter of the village nearing his own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months before tbe earl, who had given him a splendid set of tools as a bridal gift. Now this young workman was going home with eager face and long, swinging strides; and now, from his door came out the young wife, jjy in her pretty face, a little infant in "a go=ra of sprinkled pink" lying on her arm, and went- to meet her husband, whom ehe greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident pride and astonishment at its beauty and brightness; then taking bis wife's hand, they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy voices coming clearly to tbe earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through his soul. When he lifted his head again be was passing the window of a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrude, in her white dress of lndir mull, and her clusters of rosea, and oa her lap lay the cottager's bab3 in its white christening robe. How lovely was Geitrude; what sweetness in her face, bent above tbe little bab?. The picture pursued her husband and filled his dreams through all the night, CHAPTER XL. A TESDSB rLiXT. Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine the next morning, laying down his paper when the servant hid left the breakfast-room, "can you not try and be a little happier here 7 You lave lost all your gay spirits. . I think yon ire a little pale, and you are listless and sad Cm you not cast away all that is unpleasant in the past, and be happy ?'! " -** Ns;-iTjannot 1 ]" said Gertrude, sharply. 4 1 And why net, Gertrude ?" 4 1 Baciuee I-have nothing to be happy about." 4 1 It seems to ma, on the contrary, that yon are one whom all on envy; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home " " Prison, you mean," interrupted Gertrude. ' You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you sannot make them sing there." I am sorry if my home—it Neath Abbey, is a prison to you." I hate Njath Abbey!" oried Gcrtr&de; hotly. 4 1 Can I take you anywhere where you will ba happier. W' 1 ' J oa 6° to S eitzarland ? Or shall I taks yon to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. Yju miy like the scenery there." 4 4 1 do not wish to be tihcii anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot,-and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." 4 1 Gertrude, you surprise me I Why do you cherish these feelings toward me." " Because you have given me the bitterest occasion. You took me away from Lond-n against my will, and as if I were a criminal I Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes Sconrton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary of amwariog questions about Lady Castlemaine. You have disgraced me, and deliber ately ruined zny life. You could not havt been more cruel. You eaid or.ee, that you could ba cruel to one you fondly loved. ] must take the cruelty then as a proof that onoe yon loved mo, though it is a poor proof, and I wonld rather have less love and l.*ss bate.' 4 1 Believe me,-Gertrude, I have loved yon, 3 do love you with all my heart—with the who! strength of my nature." 4 And yon prove it by making me miserable—causelessly miserable! I wish none ol such-love." The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to ber room to avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Castlemaine told himself that this was the wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any interference. B. degrees the excitement and passion of -hei leaving London wonld be a thing of the past rod they would be reconciled. He had hoped that there being alone wonld iraw them nearer together, and restore mntual confidence. It seemed to put their, farther asunder. A third paziy wonld make it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends.. , As for Gertrude, the short conversation in which ehe had so Sly met her huBband'e pac : fia advances aroused to fresh heat all bet anger. As sbe had said, she nourished an io Sense hate of N^ath. She hated the family relics, the armorial bearing?, all that bespokr rhe antiquity of the line. Sbe told herself thai it was pride of pedigree that made Budolpb <0 exacting; he felt that he could dominate her because " his family was better than hers." He had said so. Wuat an insult I Of ali thing3 she hated the picture-gallery -with the family portraits; she hated those dark} proud self confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, 44 Castlemaine against the world 1 " 4 4 It is just the story of the old French sieur put into English! " cried Gertrade to herself, 4 4 There is the pope, and there is the king,bat I am a Castlemaine 1" But of all things die hated tbe portraits of Ae Lidies Castlemaine—those mild, delicatefeatured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. -Same of the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. $tiny of them for sola accomplishnenia playing on the spinet, and working on the tambonr-frame ; but thoy had all known how to obey, and it was tbis feminine meekness and weakness that had mined the earls of Castlemaine. 4 4 Weli,atIaBt there should be a Lady Castlenaine who would hold her own and fight to 'he death, 4 1 1'Wisb," she cried to them in her tarr, " that you would all come alive out of your frames just one minute, to hear what idiots I thinfe you, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would be worth something even to disgrace the name of sn;h a weak-minded line of countesses, not one ot you able to claim your own SJUI for your own 1" Gertrude's state of excitement was such that she did not eee the absurdity of tbis outburst to the family portraits. Slio was in a singularly excitej nervous state which ehe did not realize and the true cause of which she did not guess. . > Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castlemaine could assign for his wife's continued anger and obstinacy wis tbe liegsring regret for Colonel Lsnnox. lie was sf an Intensely jealous disposition, and he had beard people say that Colonel Lsnnox was a man singularly fascinating-to most women, and able to cxercise over them the most unbounded influence. The idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to B ith 1 Even though he accepted Gertrude's statement that she had nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had felt confident ot a good reception at her hands. S:QI, Gertrude was his wife; he loved her well. Things might go back to nearly tbe old tender footing, if she would lay aside h;r pique and treathim-asinhappydays. -Shewasgnilty-only of heedlessness, the folly of innocence and inexperience. He must close up tbe breach between them at all hazard. Gertrude waB sitting in oce of th9 long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking npon the terraoe, her hands in har lap, her head leaned back against the crimson chair-cushion. Lord Castlemaine cimc up be- hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches of white roses. 4 4 See, Gertrude, your own flowers 1 We shall grow famous for our roses soon. Johnson thinks he can produce a new variety, the very crown of white roses. We will call it the ' White Castlemaine.'" 1 4 Why, youlhave no flowers on your dress, as you usually have I" 4 4 Flowers are for the happy." 4 4 But I wish you to be happy, Gsrtruae." 4 1 Yes, in your way; but happinessXB not made to order." 4 4 At least you can W3ar scm3 Sowers 1 See, I will arrange you & cluster for your belt." He began breaking off an combining the flowers, and then bent to put the full cluster in its place. Gertruds «uff?.red him to do it, but only as one who condone;. Wiicn he ha* fimBhed, she said: " I don't love flowers as once I did; the odor is too heavy, it overpowers me," ard she pnBhed the remaining blossoms from her lap. 4 1 Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine, ignoring this. Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you eeem not to care about horseback riding aB you once did; you are lonely: why not invite some friends." " It is your home," said Gertrude, coldly; 4 1 invite whom you choose." 4 4 But I want the company as you choose," 4 said Lord Castlemaine. 1 Itisforyourseke, I was very happy last year, when we vr^ra here alone; but now I think you need some one to amuse you." 4 4 Understand,'^ said Gertrude, clearly, 4 1 that I will invite no one here.- You h&va; found much fault with my choice of acquaintances, and have asserted a right to give ma orders as to how I s>^U treat people that I meet. "If I should asE any one, it might chance that you were not pleased, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness." 4 4 You have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality. When we agree upon a guest, you know my house and attention are at their disposition." 4 4 When we agree," said Gertrude. "That is, I may go to you, and say; 4 Dbybn permit me to ask such a one? May Tmakq such a friend ? May I speak to this one ?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on euch terms." Gertrude, why will you misunderstand me ? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your social life. And that was where inteiference was imperatively neecful, and where I was in a much better position to judge than yon were. Colonel Lsnnox was a very bad man." Yes, a wretched parvenue, lacking, as I do, some fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to discuES Colonel Lennox with you. By your jealousy, in London, ycc have made me a mark for envious toDgces. We should never agree cn that question; why continue it ? Among all my faults, 1 have one virtue. I hate all censoriousness and uncharitable speaking of those who are not at hand to de* fend themselves." She rose, and stepped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, the head gardener, was passing a broad walk. 4 4 Johnson 1" cried Lady Castlemaine, * 4 you told me that the true time to see the American Yucca was by moonlight; you may now show it to me." She ran down the flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully stepping a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the new flower, which was that summer his chief pride. Sick at heart end restless in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went down the terrace and followed at & distance. His wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet he could not endure to have ber o'nt of his sight. The faot was; Gertrude had loved Budolph Castlemaine with all her heart, as her first love; but hers waB untutorel, untried girl's heart, and though Budolph had never loved before, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and his love for his wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lidy Castlemaine and her gardner turned to a narrow path, and came to the American Yucca. It gtcw alone, In a small circle edged with a close cat border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of- smoky, flame-flecked green ica- tbe yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide green leaves bent baok one above the other, nntil their sharp points touched the earth from which they grew. Out cf this natural basket shot the shaft of the plant to a height of eight feet, and this shaft for tally five feet was a mass of snow-white bloom—great bells, as if carved of alabaster, tbe lower flower-stems being the longost and most heavily laden, until the whole was a pyramid of pearl-white beautyflooded by the white light cf tbe moon. Saw you ever the like, my lady ?" cried 4 the ecstatic Johnson. 4 1 did not wish you to see it until every flower-bell was open, and here it stands alone under the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit—a white angd of flowers in the midst of the garden." 4 1 You ara poetic, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. - 4 4 Eh, my lady ? Weil, it is just a sight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing baok here as I am, I cannot tell you how much your ladyship is like the flower. In ;ronr white gown, my lady, and with your ' leight, Etanding there EO still, you are just like the yucca, my lady." Thanks for the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine; "I wonder if, in years to come, when the ynooa blooms, I shall come here to see it, and you will stTl think me like the flower." " ' 4 1 May the Lard send you many years to Come into the garden; my lady. But for this ynooa—at least, herein England—when it has given one such perfect bloom as this, it never bloom again," . {To he Continued) 