teo mm?al mnrTo-Dta T fncme rogas weaas FRIDAY, JULY 30, 1886. AT the Court of Petty Sessione yea terday morning Mears.. . G. Taylor, P.h., and Merar. T. Moat and L Clarke, J.'.P, were on the Bench. There was only oneaaese brought on for hearing, J. Dawkins v. E. Martyn, for illegally impounding -beep. Mr. Butler appeared for the plaintiff, and asked or an adjournment for a fortnight, as an im portant witness, the poundkeeper, was not in attendance. Mr. Butler remarked that no doubt the poundkeeper would he at the Court in a few minutes-Portland people were always late; he did not know why. The application for an adjournment was granted. APTER the Police Court had been adjourned an application was made by Mrs. Cain, of Bridgewater, for the Court to do something with a child she had with her. Mrs. Cain made a (to us) nearly incoherent statement that the child had been sent to her by her daughter, and that thbo father had promised to pay for it, but had failed to do eo. It was Live years old, was dumb, and subject to fits, and she could rot maintain it. She had frequently denied herself to provide sustenance for it, but found it impossible to do on any longer. Mr. Taylor said he was very sorry, but the Bench could do nothing in the matter. Mrt. Cain could take out a warrant for the arreat of the father to com pal him to provide for the child. Mrs. Cain, however, eaid.she did not know where the man was-he had bolted. Sergeant Kennedy aoid be did not know what could be dine. He had suggested that application be made to get the child in the Hamilton Hospital, from which district it had come. He asked Mr. Clarke whether there was any probability of the child being admitted to the local hospital. Mr. Clarke replied in the affirmative, and the matter was left by the Bench at that. Ma. J. G. TAxtLO, P.M., presided at the Heywood Court of Petty Sessions yesterday, and dealt with several debt cases as under:--J. Desmond v. J. Jones, board and lodging and goods sold, 7e. Order for amount and 15s. 6d. costs. S. Dodden v. J. Tunnock." goods sold and delivered, £8. Order for amoont and 15s. Gd. costs. iM. asmeron v. F. W. Ullithorne, use and hire of a horsne, £1, Order for amount and 15s. 6d. oosts. Mr. Butler appeared for the plaintiffs in the above cases. Mr. M. Cameron, J.P. took his seat on the Bench at this stage. J. Bannam v. M. Rhook, goods sold, £8 15s. 6d. Order for amount and ISa. costs. J. Bannam v. Maxwell, goods sold and de livered, £1 7La Sd. Order for amount and 7s. costs. Wa remind the publio that Mr. J. R, Woods will hold an auction sale to-morrow, Saturday, at Mr. Semple's residence, Ben tinck street, adjoining the Gaardias publish lag oflfice. On Tuesday Messrs. Pill and party tried net-hanling on the north shore, in the vicinity of what ts known to old residents as the convincingl ground-the spot where several vessels were built and launched. As a result of their exertions they obtained about 20 baskets of splendid garfi.h. On the following morning eight baskets of salmon trout came In from Bridgewater. In the first haul of their not on i Tuesday night the party above referred to secured a prize in the shape of a fine groper. The fisah weighed 60 pounds, and was sent to Ballarat, at which plare the consignors ex pert it will realize Is: per lb. . Was Messrs. W. Dusating and C. Patterson went to haul their haddock nets on Wednesdsy morning the first-named made the discovery that something had been about, and the latter that something was about. Mr. Dusting discovered that his not had 'een torn by a large shark, but Mr. Patterson found the man-eater itself. The depredator was secured, and found to measure about 15 feet in length, with magnificent teeth. Some of these latter, of which 150 were taken from the shark, measured fully llin. in length. A would-be speculator offered the captors £1 for the contents of the head, but they named the only figure at which they would part with the nine rows of ivory in the shark's possession as £2 10. THrxaS has been some talk in the Borough Council of late in reference to the non-arrival of Sir John Coode's final report on our harbor works which athold have come to hand some three months since. A para graph in the Wekjtly T-es of July 24 is to the effect that by the RM.S. Rome, which It arrived on the previous Sunday, Sir John Coode's reports on harbor works in the colony had come to hand. It seems odd that e Sir John's reports of harbor works in this colony shanld have been received and Port. Sland not included. PoRTLaND, in common with several other towns in the district, now owns a ghost. Cuatrtoo, Sandford, and other places have been disturbed of late by some practicl joker acting the ghost, and now our trn has come. Probably some person has read the account of the nocturnal wanderings of brainless persons trying to frighten nervous females in other places, and being as entirely destitute of common sense or manliness a tho other idiots has followed their example. Be this a it may there is some cowardly scamp carrying on his pranksin Portland. Of course nearly every person has seen the ghost, but we are informed, on most reliable autherity, of an attempt to frighten a young lady who wam proceeding, unattended, to church on D Monday evening. The lady mentioned was on her way through Hurd street to the Bap tist Church, and had reached as far as the premises lately occupied by Mrs. Owens, when she observed something black against the fence. It stepped out when she came up, and u she attempted to pass round it the thing ohatracted her progress, gazing at the d same time into her face. It (the ghost) then palled the sable garments aside and, bending iforward until it almost touched her face, di closed an object robed in pare white, with n the exception of the head which was massed, t all baut the eyes,in some dark material. Our informant states that the nearest description she can give to the appearance of the head is tuat of one of the Catholic aisterhood. Being a young lady of very sao ong nerve she neither screamed nor fainted; and although, she states, n fee:ing a little alarmed, she steadily returned t- the ghost's (?) gaze. She heen managed to ' proceed on her way, and after keeping close ialongside and still staring in her face for there are few indeed that are not so in the matter of ghostly vioitanot-it might have meant eriois coisequences; a shock to the nerves in all probability that would last . lifetime. We anderstand the police have the matter in hand; and sincerely hope that the Scowardly (not to say idiotic) scoundrel who -amuses himself ecaring the wits out of women oand children (for he never presents himself to an able bodied man) will be caught Sand allotted the puniashment he richly merits -which should bo the heaviest the ia. allows. THE oembers Of the South Portland Sand Portland Drum and Fife Bands respec. r. i tirely have been the recipients of a graceful d comphment from their musicesl brethren, the \- members of the Hamilton Drum and Fife SBand. The leraders of the local bands men. 3 tioned have received letters containieg ioni. in tations for any or all of their members to be e present at what is clled a "social," to be i held in the Temperance Hall, Hamilton, on i Wednesday evening next, The entertain.. Smet will consist of a tea, after which there will be songs, musnic, &c.; It fs not at preoent known whether any will avail themselves of the kind invitation (the distance being : rther a hindrance), bun anyhow we are scure the Hamilton boys will receive the r hearty thanks o0 our boys for their good d natored desire to promote the harmony I which should exist in the member. as well d as in the instrnments of different bandsd of the same description. The Ararat Drnm and ife Band is also expected to be repre Ssentsed. , Excrsrxoo tickets will he issued ' from all stations, except suhnrban, on 31st '" July and 2ud august, at Friday enrunien Ifirelb M n inducemmet to country reerentt 0\. inattee' r h.- -a.., CSI? CAPTAIN HANNA, who for some months past has been in charge of the lbad branch of the Salvation Army, received orders to shift his quarters a few days since. On Tuesday evening the captain was enter. tained at a social tea by a number of mem bers and friends of the corps, and a pleasant -albeit a regretful time when the occasion was considered-was spoilt. Afterwards an open meeting was held and the barracks was crowded, Captain Hlann appears to have been a popular favorite among those who attend the army meetings, and everyone who knew him has a good word for him. On Wednesday morning the captain was escorted to the railway station by a large number of soldiers and lases, headed by Jarrett's bras band. Taee W.S.N. Co's steamer Nelson left Queen's Wharf at 5.20 p-m. on the 27th; pa?ued through the Heads at 9.50, rounded Cape Otway at 3.20 a.m. on the 28Sh, and arrived at Warrnambool at 9.15. a.m. Landed paesengers and discharged cargo, and called at Belfast, and reached Portland at 8.45 p.m. She experienced moderate winds from. N.W. to S.W. with occasional showers of rain. THE Baptists again had an open air service last evening, at which the brass band contributed the harmony in a pleasing man ner. The Portland drum and fife band also played in the streets during the evening. Wz request attention to an advertisement in another column calling a public meeting in the Masonic Hall this evening in connection with the opening of a branch of the Austral ian Natives' Association. The meeting will be addressed by the President of the Board of Directors, and other important leaders of the movement. i M. Joan D'Atoros will lecture in the Seywood Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday I next, Angust 3rd, on Geology. As Mr. D'AI is said to be an enthusiast on this subject he will no doubt be able to interest and in. struot his audieance. The proceeds of the lecture will be devoted to the funds of the above institution. Tat Portland Town Clerk informs persons interested in the Juvenile Exhibition, to be held in Sandhurst, in October, that particn. isrs may be learnt at the Town Hall here during offce hours,. 