THE SHEET HILL GHOST. By Thomas Harrison. Thirty-three years since the great octopus =sndon had not stretched its Briarian-like tentaele so far in to the country as at the pre. Nt day. Woolwich, Eltham, and Sydenham iers still outlying and detached towns, while in some of the villages in Mid-Kent, if not traversed by a main road, agriculturists might be found of whom " the Northern Farmer "is itype, and, as in the mining districts, a strager might be greeted with a brick-bat if chancing to stroll through the precincts of the locality. Railways were not then con itrcted. an ordinary stage coach was then s;en. The school-master was abroad in a ?n?e somewhat different from that intended by the late Lord HenrylBrougham. The ordi asry books in a farmer's library consisted of the Bible, prayer book, it may be "Burns' Jostic '" and probably the" Church-warden's Gnids." The arena for discussion was re sricted to the bar-room of the local ale-house, and the only real intellectual instruction im parted to the multitude was the sermon of the curate or vicar on each recurring Sunday mcrning. The mind, therefore, evidently re. nained in that uncultivated state which, ac CO?diog to ' I?nS l.is7, linntil.uA tr. t development of the imagination. The boy who whistled at the plough found himself untram. veiled by science, and might have budded as a frrns or a Hamer, had he only been in poe EEssion of the brains. Fairies were believed iso have veritably danced out the green rings met with in pastures, there were dryads-only that was not the name given to them-in the wocds, nodies in the brooks, and sylphes who deoted in the moonlight. There were old lsdies who charmed away warts, and who ex rtracted thorns by uttering cabalistic syl. lables. Once a year, in the hopping season, the gypsies told futures, and were implicitly believed by the rustic listeners. My own ego is but little over the half of a century, yet I remember a hunt after a Witch, with properly trained hounds, and a stalwart young farmer tearing a double-barrelled fowling piece as the ksder. The reputed dabbler in the black art was spoken of as having been shot at, and hit too, not in her human form, as may be sup posed, but, while figuring as a black cat and prowling about in the gloaming. She was not killed, but, to the surprise of everybody merged from her door on hearing the report of the gun, and soundly rated the sportsman in search of demonicel game for maiming her hvorite mouser. The latter fact came to be quoted as proof positive of her guilt. " She hads-imply stepped into the house," it was said, " and had reassumed her ordinary figure, while the marksman, whose aim had failed to prove fatal, attributed his mishap to the un answerable fact that he had loaded with lead rnly, and not with silver, so to guard against similar mischances he daily cut up a five shil ling piece into small slogs, vowing vengeance ainest the weird sisterhood who had sent a nnrrain on his cattle and brought a blight opon his" turmuts." I never rightly learned why the old lady in iuestion had come to be suspected, save that she scrupulously paid her debts-" why should she not do so, she had the devil's money to do it with"-thus her butter always asme quickly, and that her hens always laid, that her garden was nicely kept, and her house appeared as a paragon of neatness, that she wore a red cloak-whicheome eultra dis ,rotal. associated with the scarlet woman of ;he apocalyptic, that she preferred an outre Kind of bonnet, similar to those donned by the Hallelnjah Lasses of the Salvation Army, and mown, I believe now, in fashionable circles, as " poke"-the person named was evidently tefore the age and living at present might ave been deemed to dress a lea mode, and bat e hadwpere; h shots etniking her, in the little episode dided to, but really caused by palsy in one iter legs. There were haunted houses too in the :ighborhood galore. Anne Boleyn worked needles in her father's castle not many miles away. There were rooms in a goodly number f old mansions, which no one dared to open, ind, in which, an egress having been effected, so mortal being could repose. A man who went to bed perfectly sober, had awoke in the morning closely wrapped up in sheets and overlet, and horses were found with the oair of their manes and tails intricatelypelaited egetber, to the sore disgust of groce a and etablemen. The chief wonder and dread of the parti :ular village to which I am alluding, however, was an almost abandoned highway ; for con renience it may be termed Campin-lane. It underwent many changes of appearance during its lonely course of about two miles, but no houses, not even a hut flanked either side. When emerging from the main thorough lare its aspect seemed even pretty, bordered, as it was, with sweetbriar, brambles, hop-gar dens, cornfields, andcopses of light nderwood, through gaps in which, glimpses of the sun illuminated Northern downs couldbe seen. In one spot Campin-lane afforded a view that might be described as actually delightful. The roadway ran along the top of the slope of a deep valley, the opposite side being with maple, beech, and eycamroe. When the Autumn frosts had discolored the leaves the foliage presented all the varied hues of the rainbow, and was a eight upon which even a wanderer in an American forest might have viewed with admiration. The spot however, had a bad name. After night-fall there was an echo there. "The spirit of the woos are abroad there," said the rustics, and they haunned the place accordingly. A little fur. ther on, and there was a crose way, whereat, inbygone times, a suicide had been buried. A stake had been run through the body, and failing to grow, proof, positive had been aeorded of the dead man's doom in the other world, an opinion confirmed by the circum stance that the defunct had been seen re. peatedly in spirit, with water pot in hand irrigating the earth. From this place the same lane came to be held. still more in disrepute. It took a sharp turn and then descended in a steep decline with high rocks on one side, and on the other OrEhanging ash and elm. In the broad day Slas sombre, in the night readers of Bunanyan likened it to the valley of the shadow of death. It ghosts and spirits roamed freely in the eighbourhood, Sheet Hill, as it was termed, Escmed in every way suited for a place whereat they might hold solemn conclave, and so people generally believed they did. A P-ctre taking the form of a fat cal, or a ekeleton stud, ridden by a stout yeoman, the conditions of the main incidents in Uhlands' bhliad were reversed. A coach and four, a man without head, and a man furnished with hornsme, the latter was the most dreaded-had all accosted belated travellers in this gloomy fell. Al the population avoided Sheet Hill as mny be supposed. Old Jan, too, an old PoldiE: who having been in the forlorn hope at Bsadsjoz, was reported to be afraid of teither man nor devil, and who always braved any dangerous expedition supposing ouly that the road terminated in a snug room wilh a glass of grog on the table. OldEvans a; he was named, said the reason of his rarelsoness about ghosts was that if he ever tooed face to face with old Nick he would not be likely to ee anything worses than himself, the Fpinaters of the place said they thoroughly bdlieved the epeaker. A discredit as to Hob goblins was as great a schism among those rsiding at Little Brightham, as would have LbeD a weakness to the Athanasian creed or a denisl of the troth of the Pentatuch; Zion his Satanoi majesty being held in such terror .5 to render it blasphemy to take his name in vain. The other wayfarer by such a thoroughiaro wa, moved to traverse it from altogether different notions to those tempting the fore going. He was simply in love. He had wooed and won a lady reputed to have a fortune of ten thousand pounds. He lived at one end of the lane and she at the other, and there happened to be no other wayof visiting the loved ole save by resorting to the road in question. Even so tempted the journey was seldom ventured upon alone. Old Evans was always ready to accompany his master on condition that he ottained the grog. The longer he happened to be detained the better since he was always allotted a double amount on such occasions. It happened one night however that the expected companion failed to appear. Robert Harper, the lover had purchased a sleek steed for his intended and had sent Evans to bring the accompanying accoutrements from an adjacent town. Ten o'clock, eleven, and at last twelve and there was no arrival. All the horrors of the lane even the darkness of Sheet Hill must be braved alone, for he dared not whisper aught of his trepedation to a lady's ear. Heavy at heart, and trembling in body, therefore, he set out for home unc-. companied. He hummed a tune defiantly as he passed the sweet-briars, brambles and hawthorns. He felt somewhat relieved on arriving at the cleared spaces. rainino roo es.;.S oc confidence as the deep valley opened before him. It happened to be bright moon light and the prospect softened down by the dim illumination would have had a charm for a poet, had Robert been of that ilk. Then suddenly he heard a loud whistle right before him. He started a little at the sound of this, but not so much as when just afterwards he heard a whistle just behind him. One fear drove away another. There signals must have came from highwaymen, and Robert had a valuable bracelet and wed ding ring in his pocket. He was swift of foot, and might easily escape this new danger he thoughs, and speedily took to his heels. He ran so fast, and was eo overcome with this last terror that he passed the cross roads without ever once thinking of the roaming spirit of the suicide who, according to re pute, visited the place to irrigate the burned stake. But there was Sheet Hill yet before him. At the top of the ascent he paused. Essayed to enter the darkness repeatedly, but each time drew back. It was too late at night to expect to meet a neighbour, since there was no neighbour, perhaps, in all the country around, who was not quite as much afraid of the spectres of Sheet Hill as was Harper him. eelf. The passage, however, must be attempted. Should he run or should he walk. Should he keep his eyes open or shut them closely ? He resolved to run, and to temporarily blind him. self. Ghosts are shadowy, and the only thing dreadful about them is their appearance. So boys at school cover their heads with thebed. clothes and think themselves safe. Ghosts never pinch the toes. No one had ever re. ported to have felt, or been attached by super. natural puigrinators, and, therefore, with the sense of sight inaction, nothing surely need be dreaded, Robert, fortified in this way ran on with all his might. Souddenly his flight was brought to an end. He had come into collision with something solid, and instinctively opened his eyes. There happened to be a gap in the trees just thereabouts, and the first thing confronting the fugitive was the apparition of the man with horns, standing strongly illuminated by the rays of the full moon, while all around seemed darkness visible. The figure seemed a terrible one. Not only was it horn :: .. rising out of the . v : included, the E . i c: r.i height. fear. No wonder - _?: b. e , v. :'~ii, and that he con' - :.r.d that i-is limbs became pa.:, , a:: r hi it potent to fly. Al : ' i ,- to ^sza, and with open month to tremble. Probably he would have stayed in this position until morn. ing, or until, like the guests in the Arabran tale, he turned to stone. He was petrified already, and would have remained so only that a lout laugh fell upon his ears. I wish you'd look to see where you are com. ing to said the voice of old Evans. I've lost my grog to-night waiting at the harness. maker's for the things you sent me for, and now you've broken my pipe. It was the usual guide then after all, who, in order to carry it more conveniently, had put a new side-saddle on his head, hence the terrible spectre. "Did you whistle just now," asked lobert. "Yes, I thought I would let you know I was near at hand. I felt sure you would be afraid of the hill." And the echo sent back the ound as Inever heard it before. Robert Harper was married in a week, and had never eubsequently run the risk of con. fronti,"; spiritual dangers on Sheer Hill alter night tel. The barbers were once professional blood-!etters. They still give occasional reminiscences of their old business. " Did I Cus you, sir l" 