Brief Mention. More weather. Piano for School of Arts arrived yesterday. A stunner. A special Licensing Court will be hold on the 13th instant at Casino. Gundurimba cricketers practising hard. Beach won International sweepstakes. A tea meeting in aid of the Presbyterian Church at Wyrallah will be held at the School of Arts there on Wednesday evening. In the cricket match Australians v. Lord March's eleven, Giffen took five wickets for two runs. An article appears in the BULLETIN on the Yellow Agony, well worth reading. Stout and Evans tied in the £50 pigeon match at Ballina. Maclean is to have a Post- office clock. "Rob" will be able to know what the time o' day is now. Mr. G. W. Nicoll's new steamer Fijian has arrived in Australia. 'Ninny' Melville in "pecuniary" diffi- culties. Why don't he bury 'em. Of course. The Crown case against Per- mewan.; and others, in connection with the alleged Railway frauds, broke down, owing to the absence of Victorian witnesses. Diamond mining is causing great excitement in the Inverell district. The heaviest floods known for the past 20 years have occurred in Dunedin (N. Z.), doing much damage. The S. A. Legislature has decided to exclude Chinese from the gold fields in the Northern Territory for two years. Get your weights and measures adjusted. On their way home the Australian eleven will play 22 of New York. Races are to be held at the Half-way House (Kenny's), shortly. The N. S. W. banking returns to June 30 show a loss in deposits of £606,447. The sculling match for the championship of the world between Beach and Gaudaur, the Yankee, will tako place on the Thames on the 18th instant. Another bank manager shot himself, at Charters Towers. Cause, worry. Mr. Mobbs, of Ballina, is enlarging his wharfage accommodation for the use of the Company's vessels and the public. A Sydney telegram says : — "Thanksgiving services for the late rains wore held in all the Anglican Churches. At the Cathedral, Bishop Barry spoke strongly of the neglect, to conserve rains." Trot Bishop Barry up Bridge-street after a shower of rain, and the only thanks giving he'll be thinking about is to be thankful he got out of it. "Sires of the Season" will appear in our next issue, if our list is then complete. The Rome correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald says that a sum of £28,000 has been subscribed towards erecting a mon- ument over the remains of the late Pope Pius IX. Better send the money to Ireland and alleviate £28,000 worth of distress. Gun club formed at Lismore. The CHRONICLE says that Edith O'Gorman, the escaped nun, will lecture in Lismore shortly. First match for the Crofton Trophy comes off at Lismore to-morrow. The Crawford-Dilke case has at length closed. The scandal in connection therewith leaves all recent divorce cases entirely in the shade. A telegram posted at the Sydney Exchange recently from Port Darwin, and received by Mr. C. J. Buckland states that Kimberlay is a complete failure. A foot race will take place at Cottee's paddock, Lismore, to-morrow for £20 a-side, distance 100 yards, between Tickle, of Lismore, and T. Noud, of Grafton. Noud gives Tickle five yards. The escaped nun, Miss Edith O'Gorman, was stoned and hooted whilst lecturing at Gunnedah, on Friday last. 99 feet of land in Woodlark-street Lismore, with shop occupied as a furniture warehouse, is advertised in the Sydney Morning Herald to be sold to-day. in Sydney, by order of the mortagee. Rough. A £2 cheque after being initialled by the ledger-keeper of the Commercial Bank, Sydney, was altered to £200 and cashed by the paying feller. Severe shock of earthquake at Young. The most marvellous writing in the world is the "Earl of Lismore's" trip to Sydney. In our mind's eye we can see the ghost of Lindley Murray howling and tearing his hair because he can't get back to worry that werry earl. The cost per child in average attendance for the State schools in the principal Australian colonies, and for the board schools in England and Wales, is as follows: — Total cost per child of the average attendance in the State schools in New South Wales, £6 12s l 1/2d ; do do in Victoria, £5 2s 2 1/2d ; do do in South Australia, £5 7s ; do do in Queensland, £5 7s 8 1/2d ; board schools in England and Wales, £4 10s l 1/2d. Mr. Bosisto has reported that a large trade in apples and pears can be done in London, but sees many difficulties in the way of finding a market for grapes. The Glen Innes district farming operations are impeded by the rain. Much of the land cannot be cropped this year, and in some instances the seed (wheat) is rotting in the ground. An unsinkable mail bag has been invented, composed of indisrubber, and capable of keeping contents dry after 12 months floating on the water. Mr. M'Donald, the new M.P. for Queen's County, is blind, having lost his sight at the age of 13. New Bill for the Registration of Dogs. Much smarter than the present one. S. O. T. means Son of Temperance, not t'other thing. An Irish landlord recently received the following cheery epistle, decorated with skull, crossbones, and coffin : — "Preparr to meat your fat, you dirty thafe! Bewar ! for I will fill you so full of lead as you won't be able to get up on the resurrection day. — Sined, Captain Moonlight. P.S. — This is the only warnin." The undermentioned leases for Oyster culture are ready for issue . — Gray, Hunter, and Russell, 400 yards, and Ostrom and Johnson, 700 yards, Richmond River. The undermentioned Conditional Purchases are declared forfeited : — Thomas Yabsley, 40 acres, and 113 acres, parish of West Coraki. "Hallo!" said a policeman the other night to Brown. "What are you sitting out here in the cold for? Why don't you go into the house? Have you lost the key?" "No," responded Brown ; "I — hic — haven't lost the key. I've — hic — lost the key hole ?" A Hibernian maintained that the dark race were originally monkeys, and that the Ameri- cans made a great mistake in allowing them to talk before they had been properly educated. "Have you," asked a judge of a recently convicted man,' anything to offer the Court before sentence is passed ?" "No, your Honor," replied the prisoner; my lawyer took my last farthing.' Lively times for the married man up Vegetable Creek way. The Times says: — We are inclined to believe that women are going for the poll in dead earnest from the fact that of nine married men talking in one of our leading stores on Saturday night seven were entirely bald. From the Water Conservation Royal Com- missioner's first report we learn that the catchment area of the Hawkesbury, Hunter, and Clarence is. respectively 8,000 square miles ; the Macleay 4,000, the Shoalhaven 2,800, the Richmond 2,650. The Orient Company's R M. S. Orient left Plymouth on the 20th instant. The Sorato arrived at Plymouth on the 19th. From Darmstadt the suicide is reported of Major Kallrein who, on December 9, 1870, stormed, with 54 Hessian soldiers, Castle Chambord, defended by 3000 Frenchmen, and succeeded in capturing 250 prisoners and five guns. Major Killrein suffered from an incur- able disease, and this so preyed upon his mind that he shot himself. Mr. Consul Griffin looks forward to the time when it will be understood that the debt of New South Wales was incurred principally in the construction of railways and other repro- ductive works, and that, if necessary, "it can be made to dissolve like mist before rising sun." 