CHAPTER IV. " There a a Btatute of 'limitations in respect;■ to debt," said Armstrong to himself as he walked across the fields, "bat I doubt ; whether there's any limit allowed in the case 1 of crime, or what they call crime. £ mind the story perfectly. And Job was as much is the right as it's easily possible for a man to be who's Bare to be in the wrong whichever way he walkB. " It's the same man, I'm thinking. Arthur Forsyth Coninghame. I'll soon find that cut. He was invalided home from the Crimea. I mind that well. " Will I say anything to Job about this business ? Suppose I wait and see." Considering bow bowed and meagre he was he walked rapidly, but every now and then he stopped to stcre at the footpath and to mnrmur within 'himself, and, the murmur being finished,'would go ahead again. His thoughts went back to a quarter of a century ago, and he recalled the incidents of Job's departure, and the discovery of the adver tisement in the columns of the Times. Then Job's return, and the stolen marriage, and the story he told of Caiptain Coninghame. Captain Coninghame had been Armstrong's bugbear for years, for Job hod admitted at once his own identity with that advertised John bmlth who had beon accompanied by a bulldog answering to the name of Fincher. Armstrong- remembered that the spectacle of soldiers on the maroh in 'Castle Barfield, High-street, at any time within half a dozen years of-Job's return, had- awakened in his own breast the liveliest fears for his daughter and his son- in-law. But the fears had died away, and detection bad-some to seem more and more unlikely. Supposing that this new-comer were actually the Captain Coninghame Job had knocked down five-and-twenty years ago was it jxobabie that he would recognise his assailant after all that lapse of time ? And even if it should be the- re'al Captain Coning hame, and even if recognition should prove to be possible, and even <if the military law could still be put in force, where was Job's enemy tQ find his proofs ? Nobody knew the story but Fzefciel and Armstrong and Job himself. "Neither old {Round nor I are vera likely to tell," said Armstrong, smiling, " and they wouldn't get muoh out of Job, l m thinking." The more he thought of the lapse of time, the changes which had come about in Job's aspect, and the want of witnesses to identity, the more ridioulous his late scare seemed. " I suppose," he said inwardly, pursuing more at ease the line-of thought upon which his fears had-set him going—"I suppose the law never forgives. But after all the law's only a piece of mechanism in the hands of men who have hearts in their bosoms—smaller or larger, but hearts anyway. They'd be wanting undoubtable proofs in a case like Job's, and where are they to come from? But I'd like to know if this General Coninghame is the real Simon .Pure." As it happened he heard a great deal about General Coningbame, and indeed that officer was not long- established in Castle Barfield before the whole parish waB in a state .of wild uproar about him. This was the more re markable because the folks of Castle Bar field were commonly of a humdrum turn of. mind, and were inclined to acoept almost whatever happened in a spirit of bovine tranquillity. Once or twice a year, perhaps, but rarely oftener, Armstrong would leave his chees and his books, and would betake himself for an hour to the parlour of the Barfield Armc, to smoke a neighbourly pipe aud to bear the gossip of the place. A month after the arrival of the new tenant at the Warren, General Coninghame's character and pro ceedings were the subject of an animated con versation, " Not a order," said the landlord, standing with his back to the fireplace and pointing his discourse by .waving the stem of a long clay pipe—"Mot a order has been sent to so much as one eingle soul i' Castle Barfield so far as I have heerd of. I think it'll be allowed, gentlemen, as the landlord o' the Barfield Arms is in a position to learn what's doing i' the parish, aud, from what 1 hear, theere's nothing as he has requirement for but he sends into town for it, from his sugar to his butcher's meat. Now," continued the landlord, with bent brows and a general air of laying down the law impartially, "that may be neighbourly or it may not, it may sum up wi' modern fashions or it may not, it may be the mode wheer he comes from or it may not, but of this thing I am certain, gentlemen, it has not heretofore been the manner of the resident gentlefolk i' Castle Barfield." The landlord had-delivered this address, or one resembling it, every evening for a fort night past, and had always found it well re ceived. The new-comer's action touched the British tradesman in histenderest point, and the High-street was bitterly indignant. " Now, Mr. Armstrong," said the landlord, "is well beknown for one of our oldest re sidents, and a gentleman as is always listened to respect an' pleasure. I should just like to hear Mr. Armstrong's opinion." " Well," replied Armstrong, "I'm an old Freetrader, and I stand for the liberty of the indiveedual—in measure. But in a kind of way there's a tie between people tbat live in the same place. We speak of the human race as the human family, indicating thereby a general recogneetion of the tie between all peoples and lauds. Then each nation has a sort of national instinct, the which persuades it to hold together and to support and think well of the home institutions. Then ye descend a little lower and come to town life or to parish life like our.own, and ye find in rightly organeezed minds _ a kind of parochial patriotism. A parish is just a family on a larger scale—so many .members of the human family brought together in a bond a thought more intimate than that whtchjholds them to the warld at large, and whatsoever makes for the general good and contentment of the parieh is in a sort of way a binding duty on every resident. Commerce is tne natural bond of goodwill amongst men, and, iu short, it's just a man's duty to deal with his neigh bours." I've allays thought," said the landlord, sence I had the pleasure to know Mr. Arm strong, forty 'ear ago, as the Church was his rightful line of life and the pulpit his befitting Plsoe. The justice of his remarks is such." . Armstrong," said the grocer, "is of a wind with the rest of us. As for its being a man s duty to deal with his neighbours, it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that, my lord. Perhaps Armstrong, being a man of readin, can tell us wheer that kota tion's from," V Ay, ay," returned Armstrong. " There's ne er a villain dwelling in all Denmark but he's an arrant knave," 1 "TObtft that got to do, with it?" demanded 1 the grocer. " If you'll turn to the fifth scene of the foBt act of Hawmlet, ye'll find out," returned the-grey Scotchman gently. "Theer, theer, theer," eaid the farrier. "Sox an frog, hox an' frog. What's the sort o' use for thee to set up again Armstrong •as a mon o' books ?" " Gentlemen," said the tailor, " let dogs delight; but sure-lie we can be at peace in the Arms." But it was the pleader for peace himself who was fated to create the excite ment of the time. " Thecr's a matter," he said, " as I like still less than the General's dealrn's outside the parish. Theer's not a many of the local gentlefolks as sees fit to have their clothes make i' the parish, though mayhoppen the cut's as good and the cloth a trifle better here than elsewhere. Here's a piece go' genuine West of England now as you might stand under a waterspout with on' ccmeoutdry." "Sound stuff, -doubtless," replied a neighbour, fingering the skirt of the tailor's coat. *1 But what about the General ?" " Why, the thing as gets my back up is," said tne tailor, " as he's stopped the right-o'-way accross the W<arrin Lezzurs." The Warren LeasoweB? There was a general cry and a general movement. Men loolked at each other in uncertainty. " I passed today," said the tailor solemnly, "and the stile was took away and the space boarded over. I climbed the bank, and I see two men a-petting the plough across the footpath." Tne farrier reared his burly dorm, and gazing at the opposite wall, spoke like a man in a mesmeric trance. " Gentlemen; man an' lad IVe lived i' this parish five-and-fifty 'ear come next Castle Barfisld Wake Monday, an' I've knowed the right-o'-way aoross the Warrin Lezzurs since I was the height of a standin' sledge. I rise to move that this meetin' starts at once to view the spot, -and if thingB be as Mr. Nightingale represents 'em, that this meetin' destr'yB the fence." The farrier came out of his trance and sat down again, and there was a murmur of resolute applause. " I second that," said one, and the landlord being .called upon to put the vote to the meeting, did so with a flourish. He was a far-seeing man, and he knew that, although the beginning of this business would empty the bar parlour, the final reoult of it might be as profitable as an election. " Gentlemen," said Armstrong, rising, " if ye'll listen to the counsel of tne oldest man amongst ye" ■ ** Wo'rft in 'We're in want of no cold water from you, thank you, Armstrong," said the grocer. '• Order for Armstrong," cried the farrier, who made a point of differing fromthegrocer on all occasions. "Ye'll get no cold water from me, nor yet teepid," the Soot declared. " I say,' Down with oppressions, large and small!' Remove the fence by all means. It's neither more nor less than an insolent infringement on popular rights. But I urge upon you to do no -needlesB farthing's worth of damage, and to get yourselves into no trouble. It's a bit of juBtice-work, lads. Let it be done- decently and in order." *' Will you come and tek your share of itr enquired the grocer, jeeringly. '• Ay? will I," the grey man answered, tranquilly. " Anything for justice." " Come to the forge, gentlemen," said the farrier. " My two ladB is on a Job as can wait awhile. Me and them'll take tools and fetch the fenc6 down, and I shall be obliged by a few law-abidin' gentlemen a-leokin' on." They all flowed out into the tranquil Btreet, and took their way in a body to the forge. Here they were reinforced by the two apprentices and half a dozen idlerB of the rougher sort, and so became noticeable by their numbers in so quiet a place and at so still a time. The farrier and his two assis tants marched in front, each with a sledge hammer across his shoulder, and the pro cession followed, taking up recruits every here and there. It was a lovely night, and the harvest moon was at the full, so that even when the little crowd had passed the line of gaslamps and had come upon the lane which led to the Warren the air was full of light. When the opponents of tyranny came to the new fence and saw its stout timbers gleaming white in the moonbeams, they raised a groan. "Gie me a leg over," said the farrier, and he was on the other side in a twinkling. Somebody passed his sledge after him, the crowd stood clear in a semicircle, and the three sledges began to thunder on the timbers. They were stoutly set, but beneath the crash ing blows of the Bledges they soon gave way, and in a minute the woodwork was gapped in a dozen places. By-and-by the central post broke short beneath the farrier's hammer and toppled into the road. The crowd cheered, and at that instant a man broke into the semicircle with a shock of corn in his arms. "Gether the chipB, lads," he said. "We'll make a clean job on it while we're about it." " Men," cried Armstong, " ye'll not burn bread ? That's a sin in the eyes of God and man." " You'm right, gaffer," said one, a miner by his dress and his coal-black hands and face. " Pull the corn off the stalks. Theer's plenty on us, and theer's lots o' time." So said, so done. In two or three minutes the bundle of straw was blazing, and the broken fragments of the fence being thrown upon it, there was soon a roaring fire in the middle of the lane. " Order," roared the farrier, for the rougher fellows were shouting and singing about the bonfire, and engaging in wild horse-play. The cry secured silence. ' Gentlemen,' said the farrier, " what we am to do this night is to show our right-of-way. I move we walk in order by our own public walk across the Lczzurs." There was a new cheer at this, and every body streamed into the field. By-and- by they came upon a part of the road which had been ploughed, and in another minute found the plough lying in the pathway. Somebody raised a cry that the plough should be broken, and this proposal meeting with the general senEe of justice, the three sledges came into play again, and in a minute the work was done. Whilst the blows were yet falling, the little crowd received a final reinforcement by the arrival of Job Bound and Ezekiel. " \v bat s ail tniB T demanded Job, catch ing sight of Armstrong, " We're an assemblage of village Hamp dens, lad," Baid Armstrong, laughing, " The village Hampdens who with dauntless breast the petty tyrant of the fields withstand," " That fellow has tried to stop the path way ?" asked Job. "Just that," said Armstrong. "Nightin gale brought the news to the Barfield Arms, and they sallied ont in a body. Everything's , been done so far in pretty fair order, I "Has he fenced tne far end of the path as Well!" "Most likely. We're going to see. Job," continuedI the grey man, pulling him by his sleeve, 1 d be ont of this if I were you." He spoke in a half whisper. " Why ?" said Job, "It's Arthur Forsyth Coninghame," re turned Armstrong, drawing him further from the crowd, " I thought so when I first heard bis name. I've known it for the paBt three weeks." "I knew it all along," Job answered quietly. The farrier and his following were moving on again, and he made a step to follow them. " There's no use in tempting Providence," said Armstrong. " It's as likely as not the noise will bring him out," "Let it bring him," replied Job, with a 1 brusque contempt he had never employed towards Armstrong until that moment, "I beg your pardon," he said, as the old man released his arm, " That was for him and not for you, Mr. Armstrong. I'm not afraid of him. " I wish yon were," said Armstrong, but Ezekiel, who had also been enquiring into the cause of the disturbance and had grown greatly excited over it, called to them both, and tney followed, "Theer'sa bito' speriti' Castle Barfield yet, it'd seem," said Ezekiel, with a sulky exultation. "Gentlefolks as comin' from furrin parts, an' bringin' furrin manners wi' 'em, '11 ha' to learn who we be. I'd fight this as lung as I could stand, again hog, dog, or divil." "Bravo, dad!" cried Job, clapping his father's shoulder with a laugh. "You see, sir," turning to Armstrong, " the thing's typical of bigger things. There's no riding roughshod over these fellows. I like the feel of it. No grumbling, no calling of meetings, but a straight left-hander from the shoulder." " Ay," returned Armstrong, " it's the spirit that made us fight a year or two ago rather than let the Bear eat the Turkey. We're an assemblage of village Hampdens, as I said just now." "I'm righteous glad," said Ezekiel, walking sturdily beside them, " as we hap pened to be here, Job. I'm th' o'dest rate payer i' Castle Barfield, an' it's fitting aB I should be here. I can remember this a free walk for nigh on seventy 'ear." They were at the back of the Warren, a great square white house, standing sheltered by its trees, when Armstrong took Job a seoond time by the sleeve. " I see him, said Job, calmly, in answer to the warning tug the other gave him. Two or three men were walking across the moonlit field, and at their head was a tall military figure. The military figure and one other were in evening arese, ana tneir wnire shirtfrontB gleamed in the moonlight which fell full upon them. They, and the serving men who followed them, were making towards the end of the pathway, and Job quickened his pace to reach the spot at the same time. It was plain that a second fence had been erected there, for the timbers answered the first blow of the hammer like a drum, but presently began to crash and crackle. "Hallo, there, you scoundrels I" shouted the leader of th9 party from the Warren; " what are you doing there ?" "Justice, my good sir, justice," said Job Hound, interposing his great figure between the new comer and the crowd. The General looked him up and down with scorn, and moved to walk round him. Arm strong ran up and took Job by the arm, but the big man did not seem to notice him. "You must be aware, sir," he said, addressing his old enemy with great suavity, " that you have committed an illegal act in enclosing a road over which the people of this parish have held an immemorial right-of way. "And who are you ?" demanded the other. "I am part owner of that public property of which you are the convicted thief, sir, said Job, with a quite amiable laugh in his voice. General Coninghame glared at him in speechless indignation, and Armstrong's hand trembled on Job's arm. " Some of these fellows are a little rough," the big man continued, " and you are likely to be unpopular for the moment. You will best consider your own safety as you did in the Crimea ky a judicious retirement from the seat of operations." " I will bear you in mind, sir," said the other, in a restrained voice which shook with rage. With that he plunged into the crowd, shouldering aside boldly enough such as came in his way, and seizing the farrier by his uplifted arm, tried to drag him backwards from the half-demolished fence. The farrier, with his sledge still poised, turned to look at him. "Well!" he said, with something of a drawl. " What dost thee want ?" " I am the proprietor of this land." "Ah?" replied the farrier, lowering the sledge and wiping his brow with his shirt sleeve. " I demand your name," said General Con inghame, "and the names of yonr com panions ; and 1 order you to quit my land," " Governor 1" said the farrier, " thee remind'st me o' Caddick's pig. One fine mornin' two gentlemen made a call upon him. ' And now,' says Caddick's pig,' they'll be for lettin' me ha' my breakfast. But i'stead o' thst they took him out, an' they made him into pork and bacon." With thiB rustic apologue the farrier spat upon his horny hands, and, taking a new hold upon the sledge-hammer, set to work again. The crowd guffawed, and the General stood looking on at the work of demolition. " I snail know you again," he said, address ing the farrier, "and you, sir," to Job, who inclined his head with a smile. " And you, and you," singling here and there another. The crowd began to hustle him, but Job cried out authoritatively— " No violence, men. Leave him alone." The hustling ceased, and Coninghame, approaching Job, looked at him oddly. Job returned his gaze, and for half a minute or nearly they stood looking poiutblank at each other. The full light of the harvest moon made the features of both men clear to view. It was plain that a chord of remem brance had been struck in Coninghame's mind, and it was plain also that lie was running over a hundred forgotten or neglected chords in the hope of sounding it again. The light of half-recognition died away, and he turned with a mere repetition of his old warning, " I shall know you again." " So I should fancy," Job answered, with a laugh. Coninghame retired to his own party, and by-and-by one of his servants addressed him and pointed out those he knew. This was the coachman, who had been in Castle Bar field service for a year or two. Some of the men jeered at him, but Coninghame borrowed a set of tablets from his friend, and wrote by the light of his own timber, which by this time had begun to blaze merrily. "And now, gentlemen," said Job, "as you seem to have completed the business which brought you hercj it may be as well if you go quietly home again. "Job, Job, said Armstrong, when they two were alone in the fields again, "ye're a mere madman. What made yon go and throw yourself in the man's way like that?" "Pooh, pooh!" returned Job, stolidly. " The scoundrel doesn't know me from Adam, and if he did, what would it matter ? Who's going to take his word after five- andtweuty years?" " Ye forget the dog, lad," said Armstrong. " There are a hundred people, a thousand, in Castle Barfield at this minute who remember that you went away with him." "1 don't forget the dog," Job answered sternly. " That was the brute who poisoned him. So you know, sir," he went on, with a strange quiet, " it was only on the day 1 married that I relinquished my resolve to make that fellow'e life send in a sort of bank rupt dividend for poor Pincher's. I was going to say 'pay for it,' but that was non sense." "Job, lad, Job," said Armstrong, " you're just awful. Think of Sarah, if nothing else will tame you." " Well, he answered, " it's all over. I'll keep out of the blackguard's way, to please you." 