TO ort5ou5 t a t set sar irT i i!sim s moet o airts FRIDAY, AUGU T 13.1886. ;,RE.ADERS OF THE "G.UIARDIA"' will find an announcement 'in another column setting forth the intended alteration of the paper on and after Mondaynext. The amalgamation of the two papers vis. amatter of nedes sity,-there being not sufficient trade to warrant a continuance of both. Bly the amalgamatiou we firmly believe one paper can Ie produced which will be a credit to the town and district, and-it is to ittain this end that the coibination has been made. Many previous attempts have shown that two papers will not pay, lut there should be a. living for one,i and no exertion on our part will be wanting to: make thi paper of the' future a popular pne,.both to. advertisers and readers. r.:We feel it is for.the welfare of the .town. that a good represen tative journal slhould lbe in eistenc and.if our eqdeayvrs to produce that are sconded by the jnnli, it iseon' fideritlyipected that the desired end will be attinLe. :All that is asked is fair and honest suiiportarid ini rittur; we promise nothingwill!,be wanting on our part to bring the town intoI !nie prominence; and, all matters affect. ing:the,welfare of tlte,town and dis; trict will' be, cIirefujily. inrled._ Special efforts will be made to report all piectingsas fuhlyyas time anl space a-l;'allow,?:?nd,, for this" cud eti? nd pop rardere have. ;La d been: ,a e & OrrEureot s are stillbeingearriedon, on a small scale, at the much-abuised boat-harbor works. We observe thai several hands are employed, at the place indicated, hiut from appearances we should' say they are merely engaged ,in spreading some soil over the sand on the reclaimed airea that had nott been utilised when active operations were suspended. Some description of griis seed, we believe, was sown on this-surface soil, and the grass can be observed springing thereon in sonie patches: [Since writing the above we have learned that the hands are also employed in' carrying on boring operations.] A PEcULi.R occurrence took place in the immediate neighborhood of the Masonic Hall on Monday, as near as can be judged. The A.N.A. had a meeting on the night mentioned, and somne strange unearthly noises that seemed to proceed froiirtheovury walls of the buildinig disturbed the equan imity of some members to such an ex tent as to lead them to believe the place was haunted, more especially at the present juncture when ghost stories are being so freely circulated. An elucidation of the mysterious sounds was not obtained unitil the fol; lowing day, when an odour arising from the direction of the hall induced an investigation. By some it will be remembered that between the side of the hall and the fences bounding the rear of theopposite allotments which face Percy street there is a narrow passage to which access can he gained by way of the rear of the hall. An unfortunate cow had got a certain distance up this laneway. presumably after some thistles which grow rank there, and had got on very well until a small stone parapet erected for pro tection to one of the lower windows barred her further progress. We say partly barred advisedly, for the lisp less beast had 'succeeded in forcing the fore-part of her body through, and there she stuck, unable to move either way. It is difficult to describe the exact position of the cow, but suffice it to say-that in her struggle to extricate herself she broke her two forelegs, beside rubbing the skin off in various parts of her body. The noises heard at the meeting were emitted by the poor -animal in her dying agony. When discovered on Tuesday the cow was of course dead, and to avoid a nuisance the police at once took prompt measures to have the carcase removed, a pro ceeding which required the united strength of half-a-dozen men.' THE Salvation Army in Portland are" once more unto the breach, dear friends," with a new officer in the place of Captain Hauna, who receivod his marching orders about a fortnight since, and whose departure was much regretted. "Captain" Teague, the new officer, hails from Maryborough, and commenced ..his campaign on Tuesday night. Two members of the local corps left by train yesterday afternoon for outpost duty at Hey wood. THE conditions for Mr. Wrixon's trophy, the framing of which has been pending:: for- some time. past, have .now ' been . settled' in a satisfactory: manner to 'all the clubs concerned, and will be published shortly. We may inform oursporting readers that there will befour coinpeti tions on each range of the clubs nomi nating. W, are pleased to be able to state that the Portlandbranmh of the Aus tralian ' Natives' Association 'have secured a suitable, room in which to hold their meetings. The building fixed. upon is the old Lands Office, better known as the " Harbor Office," adjoining the lock-up. Negotiations have been carried on with the Govern ment with a' view to securing the building for, the purpose mentioned, and we understand these have ended satisfactorily, the Government having consented to let the Society hold their meetings in the building at a rent agreed upon. Ofcourse gas and other conveniences will be needed tc make the rooms adaptable for the purposes required, and these will be all ar ranged prior to the next meeting. The premises, are moderately com, modious,' but they are sufficiently central to be convenient to everybody. THE Portland lmiach of the A.-.A. held theii first meeting for the trans action of busiiness on MIonday night, and 33 members responded "to the circulars issued by the Society infom ing them of' the date and place of meeting. Most of the members pro-. posed paid in their initiation fee. There were four new members pro pdsed, which briigs the list up to a total of about sixty-four members. It was decidedl that the old Lands Office (referred to in another para graplh) should be the fixed place of meeting of the society, and that the meetings should be held on Tuesday evening of each- week. lRegarding the day on which the medtingsshould be held there was some little dis cussion, some': advocating Monday night as being the most suitable, It was pointed out however; that in the event :of. the nililtiut: coras 'being formed Monday wsidd injall proba bility be their parade night, aid thus the two origaniizatiois would claih It was finally decided that Tuesday night would be the most cpnvenient forall conecrned,: and that hight was accordingly fixed.: Dr.: Brwer was appointed the Socieft j hiedi; officer. The next nieetiiin~gwii be i held on Tuesday wee; when, a? e r the I private 'businees hias beeni ftrans. aeted, thepr9cediawsill cowristof an 4ddresb?,i'.?he Piesidfet, ' Os¶s elo oution; &co.; To these latter poceed to attiind; in' fi4 wie think an mniy safely say they;willbe cordially wel comed. AT eight o'clock on Wednesday norning Mr. T: Ward had the bunt ung hoisted at the life-boat shed which denotes that he has fieed on that day for the usual quarterly prac tice. But the flag failed to effect the purpose for which it was hoisted, and Mr. Ward had to abandon his inten tion on account of being,'unable '.o obtain a sufficient number of men to nan the boat. Ms. . I'srrl?FER re-delivered his lecture on vocal music in the Baptist Church on Tuesday evening. Not withstanding that a public meeting at the same time was a kind' of (though not intentionally so) counter attrac tion, the church was comfortably filled. The lecturer again succeeded in both interesting and amusing his audience, and he appetired to hold the attention of every one present 'from beginning to end. The lecturer mixes his discourse up sufficiently with his turic iltaxtratious of his theme that what would perhaps otherwise prove rather wearisome becomes full of in terest. Mr. Pettifer's lecture is evi dently just what he thinks of a subject with which he is well known to be thoroughly conversant, and words spoken from the heart can never fail to impress even though they may not convince an audience. After the ap plause which ensued when the lecture concluded, the Rev. A. Ager, who oc copied the chair, made some remarks. lie wished to disabuse any ideas that might have got abroad that Mr. Pet tifer's was to be a denominational class; it was free to any Christian con gregation. They all knew that while fully aware of denominational differences he believed in theironeness in Christ,.nnd extended the hand of brotherly welcome to anyone, no mat ter to what denomination he belonged, who sen-ed the' same Master. He paid some very complimentary re marks to Mr. Pettifer, and called for a vote of thanks to that gentleman. Mr. II. E. Sampson proposed that the hearty thanks of the meeting be tendered to Mr. Pettifer for his amusing. interesting, and at thesanme time highly instructive address. He copid assure those .who intended to join the class that in Mr. Pettifer they would find a good instructor-he had been in Mr. Pettifer's class prior to his leaving for England. Mr. H. Day, seconded the motion in a few well-chosen and eulogistic words, and it was carried by acclamation. .r. Pcettifer acknowledged the compli ment, and said that as he had stated before the most practical form the thanks of his audience could take, and the form that would' be most acceptable to him, would be for every one of them to join the class. We are,pleased to be able to add that the practiaiml aptcvlaLion raqusted by Mr. Pcttifer was forthcoming,'as when the list was shown' to us after the meeting it coni'dined the names of 80 persons, of all ages. The firstpractice, we understand, willtake place in the Baptist.'Church next Tuesday night. TnE s. Emu arrived just after dark on Tuesday evening, and after trans acting her business with this port, to do which she as usual c'ame alongside the pier, proceeded on her voyage, to Melbourne. As will be seen'by our report: in another colurmn of Borough Council proceedinigs; the letter in reference to the, abolition of the Portland common from the Shire Rabbit In spector was broughtup. Agood deal of discussion ensued, in the course of which it "was elicited that the Borough Common is situaited with in the Shire" boundary, and the local Council will have to comply with the notice issued to them., The letter was not finally'dealt .with, but the general view taken bythe Council appeared to be that though 'it?was not advisable that the commiobn shiuld be abolished 'the ratepayers should take the responsibility offtheshouldeis of the Council and work the common themselves. Whether they will con sider thati they will 'be' justified in. doing this or allow the common to be abolished- as :recommended by the Shire Inspecto i-emains to be seen.' WE : rt:requested ;to' mention: that until further notice the steamer Dawn will not arrive'' and: depart on her usual days. She will arrive ..here (weather permitting). on Saturday night, andil will not: leave again for Melbourne until Tuesday morning. SEVEREthunderstormsaccompanied by hail, causedgreat daRlmiag through-. out middle and western Germany iii May. The town of Wetzler, on the Lahii, suffered severly., Along the Rhine, from Maveunce and Bingen, theo vineyards had been devastated, large tracts being completely washed awany by thefloods, In Westphalia,.u Ia over, and Thuringir many hom?ises, bridges, and, railway embankments had been destroyed and sdme lives lost, .,: TuE ~Ex WeO lAdE PeOHOTErD; The Manufacturers' Gazette, 5in ki recent editorial, ;made the following statement regarding young men and their advanceiment, which others than the class to whomitisaddressed will do well to heed:--" The young malen who receive promotion are the men who do not drink on the sly. They are not the men who are always at the front whenever there is any strike,nor are they the men who watch for the clock to strike twelve, and leave their picks hanging in the air. They are not the men who grFowl if they are required to atltend to some duty a few minutes after lthe whistle has sounded. 'Tlley are the men usuallly whlo pay thle cloest at: tention to the details uof their busi.nes. who act as if they were tryinlg ti work for their ctllloyer's interest instead of to heat lilll at every crook j and tunr. ITh'ry are the emn whoI give the closest :attention to every practical detail, and who look con tinually tosee whether they caniido any better or hot. This class of men are never out of a job. They are scarce. They .never strike, they 1never loaf, audn t?i'ef do not :. ask for their paytvwo or three weeks Ibfore 1pay day." 