V.n.C. SPRING MEETING, TEE STEEPLECHASE DAY. Hlv TKLEOUAI'H.) Melbourne, Sunday,—-1 The V.R.C. Spring Meeting was concluded at Fleiningtou ou Satur day. Tho weather was again magnificent and lltn ntf nnrlnnpf vnrr Ifirrvo. Ilia ExcellPHOY Sit Henry and Lady Loch, accompanied by Lord and Lady Carrington and Sir William itofom- son were amongst tho visitors. The racing was first-class and no accident occnned to liiar the enjoyment of the pleasure-seekers. The first event on the card, the Mares' Produce Stakes, proved the easiest of victories for Volcano, who simply cautcred in in front of Lord William and Menotti, his only opponents. The Eiemington Stakes fell to Casuist, one of three joint favorites, Oceania being second, Albert Jjoddon and Sumatra running a dead heat for tiurd place. An outsider, in the New South Wales colt Bravo, appropriated the Y.K.C. Handicap from Britisher, Brown and Itoso and ten others. The rider of Britisher lodged a protest against Bravo as stated below, but the protest was uot sustained. Eight saddled up for tho Steeplechase, for which Game, the top weight, with the crushiug impost of List, &lb.;, was" made the favorite. The sanguine public who laid money on the Ballarat horse were doomed to disappointment, for he fell at the second last fence leaving the issue to be fought out between Lady Ashtou and Native, the former of whom won. None of tlie other horses were placed, all six coming to grief. The Canterbury Plate was narrowed down to four starters. For this event Trenton was installed favorite by the pnblic, with odds on him. After a grand struggle the Hon. James White's crack three- vear-old Trident beat the New Zealander home oy a length in the wonderful time of omin. Shjsec. Hnles won his third race that day by carrying off the Free Handicap with Hogmanay, who beat the favorite, Lord \Vilton? by about n length, Remus and The Nun running a dead heat for third place. This concluded what may bo truthfully described as the most successful race meeting yet held in Australia. Following are results :— XlAUESTllOTlCCK STAKES. Volcano, by Chester— Etna (tildes) .. « 1 Lord William (Nerrlker) i .. 2 Menotti (O'iJricn) .. .. .. ..3 hotting, 3 to 1 on Volcano. Hales nt oucc took tho favorite to the front, and passing the bridge he led by about a length from Menotti, Lord William being last. Along the back of the course Volcano luiii from two to three lengths lead, which ho increased as the abattoirs and training sheds were passed. Ho oiune into the straight with four or five lengths' lead, aud iu the run home he won, with out being asked to gallop, by two lengths from Lord William, Menotti, who was eased off, when O'Brien found pursuit hopeless, being last, about 20 lengths away. Time, 2mln. 13$-«ec. I'LEMINOTON, STAKE. Casuist, by Hi Lordship— Paradox, 7st. 21b. (Ilmnage) .. .. .. .. « 1 Oceana. 7sc. 10lb. (Robertson) .. .. 2 Sumatra, 8st. 71b. (Moore) .. t Albert Loildon, 7st. 7st. (Walker) .« » T f Dead licat for third. The other starters were Bedouin, Yetman, JTarri- dnn, rirebruce, Aberdeen, Miranda, Glentworth, Pro bation, Lsperauce, Citadel, Liedcrtufel, Loyalist, Essex .Nectarine, St. Miobucl and Jessica. Lord Cnrrimrton's. filly behaved badly at tbe post, and a couple of false starts took place before the lot were sent oft to an Indifferent start, of which Casuist, Lledertnfol and Harridan got tlie best. Casuist took the lead, with Llcdcrtafcl, Sumatra and Albert Loddon nearest to him. Casuist Increased his lead as tho ordinury entrance to the struight was reached, and it was'sooh apparent that he-would win for a certainty, as ho was going very well. Oceana in the ceutre tried to catch him, but unsuccessfully, and he won by a couple of lengths from her, Sumatra aud Albert Loddon running a dead-heat for third place. Necta rine was fourth, Leidertafel, who dropped back from a leading position about the distauce, fifth, Aberdeen sixth, with Citadel and Miranda last. Time G2jsec. y.k.c. handicap. Bravo, by Grand flaneur — Orphan, G«t. 101b. (Campbell) .. . . .. .. .. 1 Britisher, Sat. 4lb. (Fallon) 2 Brown and Rose, 7st. 13lb. (Gough) .. ..3 Other starters:— Meteor, Sardius. Grace Darling, Claptrap, Ringmaster, Monte ChrJsto, First Prince, Lctbla, impulse aud Yellow Hammer.) Batting: 6 to 2 euch against Britisher and Brown amlltosu; 2 to 1, Claptrap ; 5 to 1, Lesbia; 10 to 1. Monte Cliristo ; 12 to 1. Bravo, The start was a good one. Brown aud Rose being first to show iu advance of tho others. She led as far as tlie distance-post, where Yellow Hammer and Meteor, with Britisher and Sardius, were seen to bo in the front division. Yellow Hammer took the lead as the judge's box wus passed for tho first time, he being followed by Ringmaster, Brown and ltose, First Prince, Sardius, Britisher. Meteor, Bravo, Lesbia, i Claptrap aud Grace Darling, with Monte OhrUto- hurt. Rounding the riverside turn away from the straight, Yellow Hammer led the field by a coup e of lengths, Ringmaster and First Prince being second and third, while Meteor hud dropped back last. The order was much tlie same passing the bridge, anil turning along tbe back run Impulse went up aud took tho lead, i-ussing the abattoirs Grace Darling went to tho front, Impulse taking second place, with Ringmaster third. Grace Darliug con tinued to lead rouud the turn, attended by First Prince, Ringmaster, Lesbia aud Bravo, Yellow Hum mer having now dropped to tlie roar of the field. Corning rouud Into the straight, Grace Darling dropped back and First Prince took tho lead, he beiug passed as the straight wus reached by Bravo, who led In, followed by Claptrap,- who was rapidly making his way to the front, followed by Drown and Rose. Bravo continued to lead at the distance, where Britisher and Broun aud Rose were in pursuit of him. However, the New South Wales colt held his own aud came home n winuer by half a length from Britisher, who was a length and a-quurter ahead of Brown and Hose for .sccoml place. Claptrap was fourth, itiuginastcr fifth, First Priuce sixth, Monte Cliristo seventh, Grace Darling, Lesbia, Impulse, Sardius aud Meteor beiug next to finish, with Yellow Hammer last. Time, 3min. 7.Jsec. A protest was entered agaiust Bravo by the rider of Britisher, who stated that his horse had been struck over the head by Campbell, who wus on Bruvu. The stewards nmdo iuqnlries and heard evidouoe,. after which they decided that the protest should bedis missed. STEEPLECHASE. Lady Ashtou, by Punic— Lava, 1 1st. 111b. (M'Lcod) 1 Native, list. 4lb.Fergusou .. .. .. 2 Game, 13st. 61b. (Corrigan) .. .. .. 3 Other starters : Lady Carrington, Wiekllffe, Have- loclc, Moonlight aud Curiosity. Betting : 5 to 4 on Game, & to 1 v. Native, 0 to 1 v. Ladv Ariiton, 8 to 1 v. llavclook, IU to 1 each v. Curiosity and Lady Carrington ; 16 to 1 v. Wickltffe, 20 to 1 v. Moonlight. Native and Game were the first to move, but Lady Asbtou went to the front us the stutid was passed, she beiug followed In order by Lady Carrington, Game, WicklltTe and lluveloek. with Curiosity last. Along the riverside Lady Ashton, followed by Curiosity, got away to the front aud soon placed a space of three or four lengths between themselves aud Game, who was running iu third place. The first fence was nego tiated in safety by all except Lady Carrington, who blundered and fell, thus destroying her chance in the race. Curiosity, in company with Unly Ashton, was 16 lengths ahead of Game, Wiukliffo beiug next with Havylock and Native next, and Moonlight last. Passing the abattoirs Lady Ashtou was in front of Curiosity. Moonlight fell over tho fence at the far turn, and coming round ' past the training ground a couple of lengths separated Ludv Ashton from Curiosity, Game, in third place being a similar distance behind. Lady Ashton had a good lead as tho first of the five fences iu the straight was reached, aud she continued to show the way post tlie staud, followed by Curiosity, Game, Native, Have- lock aud Wickliffe, all the Horses jumping splendidly, though Wiekiiffo, who wus iu tlie rear, allowed signs of tiring. As the .logs were crossed and the horses turned away from the straight on their sccoud rouud, Lady Ashtou led Curiosity by six lengths, Game, five lengths off, still holding hts third place, liree lengths ahead of Nutive, who wus ahead of Huvolock, Wickliffe being 60 lengths behind the lead ing horse. At tho fence near tlie bridge Qavelook full, aud along the back Lady Ashton led, pursued by Game, Curiosity and Native, these being now the only horses left in tho hunt. Near tho abattoirs, Game got up near Ludy Ashtou, but at the fence near the training-shed, tlie favorite, to the dismay- of his backers, bluu- dcred and fell, leaving Lady Ashtou with a long lead, Native and Curiosity still chasing after her. Wickellffe fell over the fence at the turn. Curiosity" came down over the feneo last but one, leaving lady Ashton to lead into the straight. Native tried to overhaul her, but tho weight told upon him aud he was uot ablo to get nearer than within JO lengths of the marc as tho winuiug pose was Kissed. The pair were the only ones to finish, though Curiosity and Game came iu witli the crowd. Time, Oiuin. 61ice. CANTKIUtVJlY PLATE. Trident, by Robiusou Crusoe— Cocoauut (Uulei).. 1 Trenton, Ust. (Jib. (A. Robertson) .. .. 2 Cyclops, Itst. (J. Williamson) .. .. ,. 3 Tamarisk, fist. J21b. (Huxley) .. .. .. 0 Betting : & to 4 on Trenton, C to 4 agaiust Trident. Trident on tho inside was quickly on his legs, but Tamarisk at onco went to the front aud proceeded to make tlie paco pretty warm. Ah they passed tlie weighing enclosure aud turned away from tho straight Mr. White's filly hud a lead of four lengths from Trideut, who was half a length ahead of Cyclops, Treuton half a length behind being last. Tamarisk rapidly increased her lead to betweeu 20 and 30 lengths as tbe horses went along the river side. Very much tho Httine order wus maintained for the remainder of the journey round the course, TumariskstiU haviugn good lead us tho straight was reached. Hero Cyclops rushed Trident ami took second place, tho order passing the grand stand beingiTamarNk five lengths ahead, Cyclops with Trident a counle of lengths ahead of Treutou. Along the river, side Trident reguiued his original second place uml-Treuton got nearer the leaders. At the bridge, about seven furlongs from home, Tamarisk retired In favor of Trideut, who took tho lend, Treuton also passlug Cyclops mid Tamarisk aud taking secoud place as the abattoirs were ap proached. At this point Tamarisk eased off ultogcther and dropped buck Inst, aud Trident, going cvtnruttUng pace, led right away from Cyclops, who was 30 or 40 lengths' behind as thu turn into tho straight was reached. Here Trident wus clear three lengths ahead of 'J'rentou, aud the latter tried to overhaul tho Derby winner in tlie straight. It wus all to. no purpose, however, as Trident won easily by a' -length, Cyclops 100yds. awuy being third, with Tamarisk a long way bchiud last.- Time, 6wln. 25J.-jee. PHKB HANDICAP. Hogmanay, by Bonnie Carlisle— Hesper, 7st. 121b. (T. Hales) .. .. .. .. .. 1 Lord WUtou, 8st. 10lb. (Campbell) .. ..2 Tho Nun, 8st. 2!b. (Fiddos) + Remus, 7st, 121b, (Dalton) .. .. f Otbcr starters : William Tell, Ghost, Kitawa, Jim Cain, The Pencil, Daystur, Cestus aud Lara. Betting : 6 to 2 at first, 4 to 1 v. Lord Wilton, 3 to 1 v. Kitawa, 7 to 1 v. Tho Nun, 8 to 1 ouch v. Poca hontas, Daystar and Pencil, 10 to 1 each v. Remus and Hoginanuy. Daystar. followed by William Tell and Kitawa, was first to move, and tho Glppslutid colt at ouco took the lead, while Tho Pcuoil dropped back last. Dayfttir led William Tell along tho book of tbo course, and the saino two horses wcro at tlie licud of uffuirs passing the sheds, whero Pocahontas was nearer tho leaders and Jim Cuin had dropped into tho rear. As tho horses emerged round the turn, Lord Wiltou had tukcu tho leud, Pocahontas being well up on the outside iu compauy with William Tell. The last named was well in frout with Lord Wilton entering tho straight, where Uogmany came forward, Hales cleverly taking mlvautago of an opening which showed between tho two lenders. Hogmuny wus hi front bufore tliodlstaueo was reached, where William Tell dropped baok, leaving Lord Wilton to fight out the result with Hognuiny. The last name I, liowover, had uo difficulty iu beating the South AustruUuu horse by a good half length, the Nun uml Remus, both of whom made their effort in tho straight, running a dead heat for third place, they boing two lengtbi be hind Lord William. The fifth place was filled by Kitawn.'WUltum Tell being sixth, Daystar seventh, Jim Cain eighth, Pocuhontas ninth, Lara tenth, Ghost eleventh, Fcucil twelfth aud Cettus last. Time, lmln. CUsec, 