Victoria Club Races. [BY TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE, December 21. The following entries have been received for the Victoria Club races to be held at Caulfield on 22nd January :— HURDLE RACE. Eugenic Hnmbledon Crioket Distiller Amateur The King's Son Cervantes Louis Victor Arlstldes Ooodwood Walhalla Baron Buzza Huntsman Steersman Whalebone Hopetown Yelsgam Quanday Rpieler Mosstrooper Country Boy Letltla Marion Revenge Mirth T.R TWO TKAR OLD STAKES. Dargin Falka Nooroo Casuist Lady's Maid 'Rlngara Citadel Mistletoe WUlard Sumatra Fanoy Free Firebranoe Joyful Onward Albert LntMon Kplourean Wave Sunshade Colt Lithologitt Lord All Loyalist Liedertafel Harridan Hranohipoda Ormonde Glentworth Design Nectarine Lady Lorel Victoria Club Cup. Lwbls (-lap trap Cbuokster The Pencil Iroquois Meteor Duchess All Gold Hogmanay Beeswing Umberto Grace Darling Reoall Mlddlemarch Marie Louise Don Qlovsn Metal Kufos Cstaeye The Nnn Dunlop Xssie Honeybee Gardenia Crusoe Lark Lord Wilton The Levite Western , Cadband Sllvermine Ronnie Doon Rohai Ben Holt Maroney King of the West Camerins Kenneth Boolka Impulse Coronet Sheet Anchor Britisher Lontie Berta Pet chance fardlus Dufferin Honeycomb Harvester Shark Duration. Selling Rack. Honora The Baron Fiddleetrlng The Ghost Barone Warfleld Rhetorician Breeze Pouge et Noir I«uis F.F. Mistske Delamla Surprise Liddington Sorcerer Margrave Miss Snip Firsbrao* Ariel. BTCEPLKCHAU. Nabookllsh Roulette Lady Ashton Blackthorn Atlas CurioMty Contingent Chicago Goodwocd Boua Oilderoy Retloent Salesman Marmlon Banker Studley Monaroh Promotion Songster Ruby Letltla. January Handicap. Honors Xantipps Orland Chuckster Gienlive Damocles Meteor PtsrTord Qulntin Matsys Hogmanay Umbra Krttth Umberto Pooahontas The Ghost Middlemaroh St. Louis Marie Louise Don Giovan >- edition Rouge et Noir Norman Urn as Phoebe Walton Albanus Dunioo Ussie Surprise MlaMla Violet Gardenia For Jam Blondin Buccesn Highland Chief Lord Wilton Cadland Kohai Chicago Faithful Mormon Kenneth Beckwith Rionworth Monwyrtina Land O Ulslume Coronet Louise Berta Magnifier Bt. John Harvester * Marondah The total coinage executed at the mints of the United States daring September wm $5,070,065 50, of which $2,810,100 wm in standard silver dollars. The Pope, through the Papal Nuncio at Madrid, has asked the Queen of Spain to pardon General Villacarapa, who led the recent revolt, and the officers who were asso ciated with him in the uprising, from the sentence of death which has been pissed on all of them. Hippophagy—or horseflesh eating—which was strongly advocated in Great Britain a few years ago, is now seldom heard of. The St. Jamu'i Gazette says "the British public, although ready to swallow almost anything in the way of food put before it, never took kindly to horseflesh, and turned a deaf ear to the per* suasions of those who recommended the adop tion of this kind of diet. It is probable, how ever, that horseflesh is often eaten unawares, and that its consumption is far more common than is generally imagined. Butchers whose consciences are not tender, occasionally, it is to be feared, sell horseflesh as ordinary meat to unsuspecting customers." A court- martial was held on board her Majesty's ship Urgent, at Jamaica, last month, for the trial of Lieutenant John J. Pccock, of the Goshawk, who was arraigned on charges of negligence of duty, and imperilling the lives of seamen in connection with the Goshawk disaster. It was stated that the prisoner gave the men leave, and they went on shore in tbe afternoon in the cutter. During the afternoon a hurricane sprang up, and in the evening during the height of the storm the prison'r sent the gig on shore to fetch liberty-men. The gig was, it is said, admitted to be unsafe for a number of men in such heavy weather. Nine teen men left the shore in tbe boat, and just as she reached the ship's side she was stamped and fourteen men were drowned. It was alleged that the prisoner did not take ordinary precautions for the safe return of the liberty- Ben, and that the proper look-out was not kept for the return of the boat. The prisoner alleged that some of the men in the boat were drunk, and that it was through their own bad conduct that she capsized. The court found the prisoner guilty on all charges and adjudged him to lose five years' seniority and be dis missed his ship. Lieutenant Pocock has re turned home to lay his case before the Admiralty. 