EXCHANGE OF PULPITS A STEP TO UNITY OF THE CHURCHES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The, In some respects, remarkable addiesB of Bishop Kennion on Tuesday, at the annual meeting of the Synod, is bound to lead to a great deal of comment, and I hope to friendly rather than hostile criticism. 1 accept it as the outcome of a sincere Christian mind and a loving heart. It may be expected that a man of Archdeacon Dove's (oh, how misnamed!) narrowness will disipprove of his Bishop's longing for the unity of the Chuich of Christ in Australia, but as a weight against Mr. Dove's fooliBh utterance 1 place that of Canon Green, who approved of every word the Bishop said. But I now 'eave these clerics alone. The-Bishop wishes for an exchange,- so it implies, of pulpits as between the Anglican ministers and the ministers of othei- Christian denominations on two conditions, and quotes the tests put forth at the Council of Nice, A.D. 325, as the ones to be insisted on. These are baotism and belief, to be duly administered ana confessed. Every adult candidate for baptism had to declave thathe believed "in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost," in opposition to the heresy of Alius, which was rite at that time. The Nicene Creed, so called, affirmed concerning Jesus Christ, also in opposition to the heresiarch in question, that he. was " God of:God, Light of Light, very God of very God, begotten, not mj>de, being of one substance with the Father;" and concerning the Holy Ghost that He is "the Lord and giver of life, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son, who with the Father and the Son together is . worshipped Omer, and glorified." Sir, I apprehend that the authorized ministers of what are known as evangelical (Protestant) denominations in this colony are sound upon these points, or they would not be where they are to-day. Other matters of controversy were disposed of at this imperfectly recorded Council of some importance, but not much. The Bishop has taken a step in advance as compared with some utterances in the past, which have occasioned grief to the minds of his coreligionists in the past three years. Indeed, he Has given up a great deal, and is learning to accept the factB he confronted on his coming here as to the existence and wellmerited influence of other Churches than his own. To be more minute upon this point, he accepts the ministerial o 'ders of hisjsrethren in other^denominations, and only requires that they accept the teachings of the Council of Nice upon the questions of baptism and belief, as before quoted. On our side, therefore, if I may so say, there is nothing to be done but at once to open our pulpits to our Episcopal brethren, which, of course, must be the.guid pro quo if they open their pulpits to UP This may be done next Lord's Day if desired. That an exchange of pulpits as between the Anglicans and tire other denominations would lead to brotherly co-operation for the common good there can be no doubt, and, for one, I would like to see it brought about in my life time very much. I do not contemplate the disbanding of Churches and the Wesleyans swallowing up all the rest, as jocosely suggested by the Rev. J. C. Kirby in his letter of this morning; neither do I suppose that the Anglicans could swallow either so bulky a substance as all the other denominations would make. To talk of such a feat as that is simply ridiculous, and playing with sacred things. In the earnest hooe that some real good will come from the Bishop's utterances in his very able and truly Christian address, and especially among his own clergy and their congregations, I am, Sir, &c.;, JAMES BICKFORD. Parkside, May 27. An unsolicited testimonial states that Waits have been thoroughly removed from the hands of a Gentleman and cos Son by " White's Certain Cure." Numbers have been cored, and many have obtained relief £rom this now celebrated remedy for Corns ud Warts. Prepared only by J. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price, Is. 3d., of Chemists and Storekeepersper Post: Is. 4d. 07mwfcTd 