CQiVPTEIl XL, A TENDER PUNT. “Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine tho next morning, laying down hie paper when the servant had left fha breakfast-room, “nan you not try and ba a little happier hare? You nave lost all your gay spirits. X think you •are a little paio, and you are listless and sad Can you not oast p.way all that is unpleasant in tho past, and ha happy ?'■ “Ns, I cannot i” said Gertrude, sharply. “ And why not, Gertrude ?” “Bscaase I have nothing to ba happy about.” “ It seems to me, on tha contrary, that you •arc one whom all can onvy j health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home-” " Prison, you mean,'’ interrupted Girtrudo. “ You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you eannot mske them sing there." “ I am sorry if my homo—if Neath Abbey, is a prison to you.” “ X hate Neath Abbey 1” cried Gertrude hotly. “ Can I taka you anywhere where you will be happier. Will you go to Switzerland? Or shall I taka you to our shooting lodge, up in tho Highlands. You may like tho scenery there:'’ " I do not wish to be t-ih'.n anywhere. It i3 the taking that I object t.% You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." " Gertrude, yen surprise me 1 Why do yon cherish these feelings toward me.” “ Because you have given me the bitterest ocoasion. You took mo away from Locd. n against my will, and as it I were a criminal 1 Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes Seourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says ehe is weary of answering questions about Lady Castle maine. You have disgraced me, and deliber atoly ruined my life. You oould not have been more cruel. You eaid once, that you could bs cruel to one you fondly loved, i must take the cruelty then as a proof that once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, end I would rather have lees love and less hate.’ “ Believe me, Gertrude, I have loved you, 1 do lovo you with all my heart—with the who! strength of my nature.” “ And yon prove it- by making me mieer able—causelessly miserable 1 I wish none ol such love.” The servant’s return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to ber room to avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Ca3!lemaina told himself that this was the wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any interference. B; degrees the excitement and passion of hei leaving London would be a thing of the paet tnd they would be reconciled. He had hoped that there being alone wonld iraw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put them farther asunder. A third party weald makt it needful for them to speak more together, and bo more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. As for Gertrude, the short conversation in which she had so illy met her husband’s pacific advanoes aroused tq fresh heat all her eager. As she had said, she nourished an in tense hate of Neath. She hated tho family relics, the armorial bearings, all that bespoke the antiquity of the line. She told herself tha: it was pride ot pedigree that made Rudolph -to exacting; he felt that he could dominate her because “ hie family was better than hew.” He had said so. What an insult 1 Ot ali things she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits; she hated thosedark, proud, self confident lords, 6very one looking as if he cried, “ Castlemaioo against the world 1 ” I “ It is just the story of the old French sieu; put into English 1 ” cried Gertrude to herself. “ There is the pope, and there ie tho king, bat I am a Castlemaina I” But of all things she bated the portraits ot the Ladies Castlemaine—those mild, delicate featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some ol the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how co read. II iny of them for sole accomplish ments playing on the spinot, and working on the tambonr-frame; but they had all known how to obey, and it was this feminine meek acss and weakness that had mined the earls of Castlemaine. “ Well, at last there should be a Lady Castle* uaine who woQld hold her own hod fight to 'he death. “ I wish," she criad to them in her tury, “ that you would all coma aliva oat of jour framea'jaet one minute, to hear what iiii its I think you, and let you know that I nra a higher spirit than you. It would bo worth something even to disgrace the name o! such a weak-minded line oi countesses, not onj o! you able to claim your own tuu! for your Gertrude’s state of excitement was such that Bhe did not ree the absurdity of this out burnt to the family portraits. She was in a singularly excited nervous state which bhe did cot realize and tho true cause oi which she did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castlemaine couid assign for his- wife’s co-j tinued anger and obstinacy was the lingering regret for Colons! Lmnox. llu was of an in tensely jealous disposition, and he had heard nsople say that Colonel Lennox was a man singularly fascinating to most women, and able to exereise over them the most unbounded influence. The idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to Bath ! E van though h9 accepted Gertrude’s statement that she had nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that the oolonsl was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had felt con fident of a good reception at her hands. Still, Gsrtrude was his wife; ho loved her well. Things might go back to nearly the old tender footing, if she wonld lay aside hsr pique and treat him as in happy days. She wa3guilty only ofheedlsssnesa, tho felly of innocence audiuex perienoa. He must does up the broach between them at all hazard. Gertrude was sitting in one of tho long, open windows of the Neath drawing- room, looking upon the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson ehair-eushion. Lord Castlemaine came up be hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches of whits roses. “ See, Gertrude, your own flowers 1 We . shall grow famous for our roses soon. John son thinks be can produce a new variety, tho very crown of white rosss. Ws will call it the 1 White Castfemaius.' ” “ Why, you have no flowers on your dres3, as you usually have 1” “ Flowers are lor the happy.” “ Bui I wish you to bahappy, Gsrtruae." “Yes, in your way; but happiness in not made to order.” At least yon can wear some flowers 1 Sop, I will arrange you f. cluster for vour belt.” Xl9 bsgan breaking oft an combining the flowers, and then bent to put tho full cluster in its place. Gertrude suffered him ho do it, but only as ona who condones. Wfcea he had finished, sha said : 111 don’t lovo flowers as once I did; tho odor is too heavy, it overpowers me,” ar.d she pushed the remaining blossoms from her “ Gertrude,” said Lord Castlemaine, ignor ing this. Suppose we have some orto invited to the abbey. I am away about tho estate a great deal, and you seem not to care about horseback riding as you once did; you are lonely: why not invite some friend?.” “ It is your horns," eaid Gertrude, coldly; “ invito whom you choose." “But I want the company as you choose,” B&id; Lord Castlemaine. * “ It is for jour ssk?, I was very happy last year, when wa were here alone; but now I think you need boiuo one to amneo you.” • “ Understand," Eaid Gertrude, clearly, “ that I will invito no one here. You have found much fault with my choice oi acquaint ances, and have assorted a right to givo me orders as to how I ehfll treat people that I meet. If I should an; any one, "it might chance that you were not pleased, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness.” “You have never found mo lacking in courtesy or hospitality. When we agrea upon a guest, you knuw my house aud atten tion are at their disposition.” “ When wo agree," said Gertrud?. •’ That is, I may go to yon, and say; ‘ Do you per mit me to a6k cueh a ono? May I mako such a friend ? May I speak to this one ?’ Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such termp.” “Gertrndo, why wiil yon inioomieretand me ? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your social life. And that was where inseiiorenoo was imperatively needful, aim where I was in a much better position to judge than you were. Colonel Lennox was a very bad man.” *• Yes, a wretched parveruie, lacking, as t do, soma fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to discuss Colonel Ler.nox with you. By your jealousy, in London, ycu have made me a mark for envious tongues. We should never agree en that question; why continue it ? Among all my faults, 1 have one virtue. I hate f.Il censoriousness and uucbaritab'a speaking of those who are not at hand to de fend themeelves." She rose, and stepped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, the head gardener, wi3 passing a broad walk. “ Johnson 1" cried Lady CaetlemsSue, •' you told me that the true lime to see the American Yucca was by moonlight; you may now show it to me.” She ran down the flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully stepping a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the new flower, which was that summer his chief pride. Siok at heart end restless in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went down the terrace and followed at a distance. Hie wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet he could not endure to have her out of his sight. Tho faot was, Gertrude had ioved Rudolph Castlemaine with all her heart, as her first love; but hers was untutored, untried girl's heart, aud though Budolph had never loved before, he was older, and of mero settled and experienced emotions, and his love for his wifo was lar mora intensa and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lsdy Castlemaino and her gardner turned to b narrow path, and oam9 to lbs American Yucca. It grew clone, in a small circle edged with a close cut border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circlo of smoky, flsnre-fkcked green rose the yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide green leaves bent back one above the other, until their sharp points touched the earth from which they grew. Out of this natural basket shot the shaft of the plant to a height oi eight fe6t, and this shaft for fully five feet was a mass of snow- white bloom—great bell?, as it carved of alabaster, tho lower flewcr-Efems being tho longest and- most heavily laden, until the whole was a pyramid of pearl-white beauty daoded by the white light of the moon. “ Saw you ever tba like, my lady ?’’ cried the ecstatic Johnson. “ I did not wish you to eeo it until every flower-heii was open, and here it stands alone under tho moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit—a white angel of flowers in the midst of the “You are pcetio, Johnson,” said Lady Castlemaine. “ Eh, my lady? Well, it is just a sight to stir a man’s soul. And, my lady, standing baok here as I am, I cannot tell you how much your ladyship is like fhe flower. In your white gown, my lady, and with your height, standing there so still, you are just like the yueoa, my lady.” "Thanks for tho oompliment, Johnson,” said Lady Castlemaine. “ I wonder if, in years to come, when tho yucca blooms. I shall come bore to scs it, and you will stTl- think me like the flower.” “ May the Lord send you many years to come into the garden, my lady. But for this yucca—at least, here in England—when it has given one aueh perfect bloom as this, it nevec blooms again.” (To is Ccntimti.) 461. 