OUR AMERICAN LETTER. NEW YORK, MAY 1. The The labour agitation continues to spread over an ever-widening area, and to grow in vehemence and bitterness. Between 80,000 and 100,000 men are now out on strike in various parts of the country, and are being supported by weekly doles drawn from the resources of the local treasuries of the unions, or from the assessments and contributions of the million and a quarter members of the "Knights of Labour" still at work. To-day, the 1st of May, is henceforth to be set apart, according to the programme of the new crusade, as a festival of the toilers; and as I write the principal streets of this city are filled with bands of parading workmen, who with music and banners are on their way to usher in the new era by a monster demonstration and mass meeting. In the other great cities — Chicago, St. Louis, Boston, Phila- delphia — similar scenes are this day being enacted, the one great theme of debate at all the meetings being the advisability of demanding an immediate reduction of the daily hours of labour to eight. The latest news is that at Chicago the pork packers, numbering 25,000 men, will on Monday be added to the list of the strikers, and that a general strike of all the employees on the western railroad systems centering in that city is almost inevitable. We should in that case certainly have more troublous times than even in 1877. Stocks have fallen from 1 to 5 per cent. on this prospect. The most remark- able feature about this sudden outbreak of labour troubles is that in only a very few instances do the grievances complained of relate to wages. The present rate of wages in nearly all the trades is as high in these piping times of peace with the necessaries of life cheaper than at any previous period in the old war days, when a depreciated currency had inflated the prices of all commodities to a famine standard. It is admitted by the working-men themselves that they are better off materially than ever before. They attribute the improvement, it is true, to the progress they have made in organising their forces and compelling employers to be just, and not to its more probable cause — greater economy in the methods of production; but that such is the fact remains as a point conceded upon all sides. Many fanciful wrongs may be found in the formal notices of discontent served on various individual and corporate employers, but it is not difficult to pick out in all the one real thing aimed at by the men, and for the achievement of which they are willing for the moment to make any and all sacrifices. Past struggles have taught their leaders — and their leaders, after years of labour, have contrived to make the truth plain to every member of the rank and file — that victory in this class of disputes depends upon the power of the trades-union to compel the allegiance of every craftsman. A generation ago the law and public opinion were both opposed to the recognition of the right of men to band themselves together at all in trades-unions; but now the law and public opinion agree in regarding such a right as one of the inalienable privileges of a freeman. They add, however, that it is also an inalienable privilege of a freeman, if he chooses to follow a trade without belonging to a trades-union. The present struggle is an effort to sweep away this last obnoxious principle, and to establish in its stead a solemn agreement between employers and employed that none but union men shall henceforth be permitted to enjoy the privilege of working. On the Third-avenue railroad, for example, in spite of the fact that only a month or two ago the corporation acceded to all demands in regard to hours and wages, 1000 men have again struck for the immediate discharge of seven persons, who do not belong to the union. Employers generally have been quick to see the advantage they would gain in securing the sympathy of the public, and of that great rural and farming population, which holds the final and supreme power of legislation — for luckily, in a count of noses, the farmers in America are still the most numerous class — by clearly keeping in view as the real issue this one proposition, that henceforth, if the unions and the "knights of labour" are to have their way, a man will not enjoy the right to work, because he is a freeman in a free country, but only because he is a member of some recognised union. From the old English and European position — that working men have no right to organise at all — we are asked to advance to the other extreme, that no "unorganised" labourer has the right to live by the sweat of his brow. It need hardly be added that as soon as the question was presented in this shape, the American passion for individual freedom flamed out in a very marked degree. For several weeks nearly the entire press, and all members of the well-to-do classes have been threatening the working men with the militia and grand jury, and very considerable sums have been raised by voluntary subscription as bounties to men who have been willing to take the place of strikers. But this does not necessarily mean that the ultimate victory will be with the employers. The unions and the ''knights of labour" are not, even at the present time, entirely destitute of disciplinary appliances. They have two great weapons — illegal violence and the boycott. Outrages by the hundred are reported daily, and while the labour leaders profess to deplore such outbreaks, and to do all in their power to prevent them, they scorn very ready to make the most of them in "inducing" the non-union workers to come into the fold. In the Third avenue car strike, which is now in its third week, cars have been run only in the day time, and yet each car has had to be accompanied by two' policemen. The few men who have dared to take some of the places vacated by the strikers have eaten and slept at the company's depot, and dare not stray away from it even a couple of hundred fed. One of them who foolishly ventured into a saloon within that distance of the headquarters was almost beaten to death ; and only a week ago, one of the cars was assailed in broad daylight and the ' non-union driver and conductor dragged off the platform and brutally maltreated. Wherever the eye of the policemen is momentarily voiced, the non-union men are everywhere assailed with the cry of " scab," which in the popular mind has a depth of contempt in it even greater than even this unpleasant word. would itself seem to contain. Only the bravest of the meanest of mankind could long with- stand the odium and class persecution to which refusal to join the union or to obey its demands subjects them. The boycott, however, is a yet more effective means of offence, and so long as it is confined to a few objects, easily remembered by the masses of the people, it is practically irresistible. Two boycotts, now "on" in New York city, have drawn upon them the eyes of the whole country. They are both declared against bake shops managed by women one by Mrs. Gray in the western or American quarter, and the other by a Mrs. Landgraf in the eastern or German quarter. Both Yvomon refused to employ union bakers, and a committee of the union were posted on the sidewalk outside their shops to distribute handbills and personally plead with intending customers not to purchase. Even the kerbstones Yvero placarded with those long streamers, so common in election times, and known as "gutter snipe," begging people to take notice that those stores were boycotted, each placard having at one side a printed picture of the grand seal of the knights of labour. In both cases the regular customers soon abandoned the stores. Both women appealed to the general public, and many hundreds of dollars have been sent to Mrs. Gray as subscriptions to recoup her for her losses, while each afternoon for store has been crowded with business men, on their way up town, who have taken her cakes and pies at fancy prices of from one to five dollars each). The same kind of help was extended to Mrs. Landgraf ; but, being in an out-of-the-way neighbourhood, the good Samaritan? have grown fewer and fewer each day, and Mrs. Landgiaf is now practically ruined, peace being possible for her only on condition that she pay a fine to the union of 25 dollars a day and the cost of placing pickets near her Store, in all about 500 dollars. TJICBO cases, and one other of a tailor, in Twenty-third street, have been taken in hand by the grand jury, and about 60 indictments have been found against the leaders and pickets of the unions, for conspiracy to harass and annoy." The penalty, in case of conviction, is a year's imprisonment and 1000 dollars fine; but if all the men are sentenced, the result would simply be that the boycott would be still practised, though in a less open and undisguised manner. 2¡U_S of the grass irlinV-;'_ business firms have so far ventured to institute proceedings against boycotters who have assailed them, and all have Weekly paid their fines and consented to put union labels on their goods. Last week, Mr Theiss, of the great music halls in Tour tenth-street, paid 1000 dollars fine to the Musicians' Union, because he had hired musicians at less than the established rate of four dollars a day and at Ilai'lom the proprietor of a smaller hall, who had paid full rates to his musicians, but had hired a conductor at six dollars instead of the eight dollars a day fixed by the association, made his peace by a fine of only 250 dollars. 'The leaders of the labour movement are probably sincere in saying as they do at every convenient opportunity that they would willingly abandon the boycott if they could secure formal recognition by the loss of their organisations in other words, secure the adoption of the trades' union as one of our established institutions, with certain fixed rights and duties. When one begins to realise what this really involves, it is hard to believe that so tremendous a revolution can be accomplished at any rate, in the near future. It practically means the organisation of all labourers, skilled and unskilled, into guilds or crafts, such as were common in the cities of Europe in medieval times, and the sweeping away of all competition among individual workmen. Without legal protection, and simply aided by the boycott and occasional violence, this has been practically achieved already, however, in the higher skilled callings, such as the locomotive engineers, and the artisans in the building trades, and the result is by no means so unsatisfactory to the employers as might be supposed. Strikes have been practically abolished in such trades, and a master can bid for contracts with the certainty that at least no other man in the same to ada can gat labour at anyoheaporratoslhanhimsolf, while a change in the union rate of -wages can usually be provided against by a clause in the contract to the effect that should the " going rate of wages " be raised so much more money shall be paid to the contracting builder. How such a system would work with the less complex forms of labour is a great problem. This extraordinary agitation has naturally put the higher order of politicians into a state of great mental perplexity and distress. The small fry have, JDE course, a very simple part to play. If a man has a city constituency he is a friend of the people, right or wrong, and is eager to make good his promises by real work. If his constituents, on the other hand, are farmers, a negative, non-committal policy is imposed upon him, with very strong disapproval of, violence in any form, until calm confidence that the law can be modified so as to redress every wrong. But what must he say, who as a candidate for Governor or Senator, is forced to satisfy a constituency composed of all classes - At such seasons, however, honest, brave, unselfish statesmen declare themselves, regardless of consequences, and President Cleveland has justified the good opinion of his host Monds by taking unmistakeable ground upon this crucial question. He has sent a special message to Congress on the strikes, inviting a full and thorough investigation of the existing relations between capital and labour, and strongly suggesting the devising of courts of arbitration, to which all disputes should be referred, and the waste and disorder of an enforced suspension of industry thus avoided. The House Committee on Labour have already taken the matter in hand, and have examined the chiefs of the knights of labour and Jay Gould, and a number of other railroad officials, and have now gone to the scene of the strikes to take the testimony of the minor actors in the struggle But the difficulties in satisfactorily working out the details of any plan of compulsory arbitration are very great, and, in the judgment of those who have given most thought and time to it, hisuporablo- unloss, that is, labour is permitted to organise itself into a compact corporate mass. That granted, the matter becomes as simple as an ordinary law suit It is hardly necessary to add that those troubles have given a perceptible shock to the "boom" that fairly began to make its appearance a few months ago. No one will put money into any but the, most certainly profitable enterprises, until everything is again on a peaceful and orderly basis. The South, Yvhoro the workmen, have not yet advanced, either in wages or in independence, to the level of their Northern brethren, continues to grow more prosperous, the iron industry giving strong indications that it will soon compete in quality and output with the northern mines, i Lost week, at Chattanooga, the first ton of steel ever made on the other side of Mason and Dixon's line was successfully manufactured. Another straw that is almost as bright an indication of the future of the South is a grand reception being given to poor old John Davis- now 78 years of ago-in all the principal cities. At Montgomery and Atlanta he has been idolised with extravagant enthusiasm, but neither in his speech nor in those of the men who addressed him has there been one word of regret that slavery was abolished, or of disloyalty to the Federal Government Everywhere in the decorations the national and state flags have been peacefully intertwined, and a favourite emblem, many times repeated, has been a soldier in grey and a soldier in blue shaking hands over the bloody chasm" once so often referred to. Only here and there at the north, and then only from very old men, have come a few murmurs of disapproval of this demonstration, which, as some paper has fitly said, is simply the " decent burial of the last of the Confederacy." The cotton mills at the south have ceased to pay the marvellously and 80 percent, dividends of three years ago, but they are still fairly pros- perous, and each month almost adds to their number. The desolation of the war has already given place to more than the old-time comfort, and a very few more years will bring great accumulation of wealth, for the new South is led by men who are to the full as thrifty as the men of the North. As one of them has said, " We are coming Yankee on it now, and mean to save our money, or, at any rate, spend it at home, and not in the northern watering-places." The drain of gold to Europe has begun again, owing to the needs of the French banks, but not in sufficient quantity even to absorb our current output from the domestic mines. wheat and cotton are still at unremunerative rates, especially the former. The question of the wool duties has suddenly sprung up into great importance, and it begins to look possible that Congress may, either this year or next, take off the duty altogether. The growth of the woollen mills during the past decade has been wonderfully rapid, and to-day more carpet is made within a radius of twenty miles of the city of Philadelphia alone than in all Great Britain, though of interior quality and value. Some of the facts of the wool industry in this country as given in a recent letter to Congress by Secretary Manning may be of interest to Australian readers. In 1862, who produced 100,000,0001b. of wool; in 1882, 200,000,0001b. In 1892 the average price of this was 45 cents a pound in 1872, 02 courts. ; one year before and after 1872, '18 cents. ; in 1882, 62 cents. and in 1884, 88 conto. In 1862, YVO had 22,500,000 sheep in 1870, 28,500,000, and in 1880, 85,000,000. The increase in the weight of the fleece from each sheep has been enormous, for in 1840 the average was 1851., in 1862, 2-5th. in 1870, 8 2lb.; and in 1880 no less than 4791. The average 'ad valorem duty actually levied on the three grades of clothing, combing, and carpet YVOOIS was in 1880, di per cent. in 1881, -10; in 1882, 35; in 1883, 36; and in 1881 (under the law of 1883), only 33 per cent. But on clothing wools the ad valorem rate in 1881 varied from 17 to 18 per cent. During the past 5 years the imported wools have constituted one-fifth of the quantity, but only one- tenth of the value, manufactured in this country, a great part of it being carpet wool, which is not grown at all note. In 1885 YVC imported 14,000,0001b. of clothing and combing wools, and 50,500,000 lb. of carpet wools, which latter average in the dust" a price of about 10 cents a pound. Until late years, the Yvoolgvowors and Yvoollim manufacturers associations have agreed together tolerably well ; but now the latter have cut loose definitely from all considerations save their own prosperity, and are strongly urging that the enormously greater interest which they represent should not be ascribed to that of the woolgrowers. Thus, in a statement to Mr. Manning, they say " Neither our own country nor any other in the world does or can produce to advantage wools of all kinds and grades. Expon'oiicu under high protection of wool in This country for over 30 years has demonstrated that our domestic wool-growers find it to their iidviinliigo to produce only the staple wool, required for the ordinary range of woollen fabrics ; and of these fabrics will always, be in demand, they build up their Hocks-a work of transfer the production only of the fleeces which will be profitable for a long series of yarns. This system, although providing admirable raw material for coalminers goods, is incompatible with the variety required for the diversified and highly advanced main fact fire which should be our aim. Jim AmuiUiui iiuuiuiatluior. to convince willi (Jio labiles of other nations in the endless variety demanded by our union, must have the power of selecting a portion of his raw into hills on all the world's sources of supply. The sudden. end exceptional demand for more or now raw material must be supplied by importations." t I a Again, the home woollen mills, in a special letter ' make the following protest : The present wool tariff puts every possible obstacle frt| he way of the manufacturer. The double duty on washed and threefold life on Scoured is prohibition on the importa- tion in those foulis. As there is no scoured wool marketed a In at will shrink less than 10 per cent., the duty is really 37 to 10 cents per pound on down wool. It advanced one stage toward manufacture it is also prohibitory. The decision that carried combed wool ('tops') is subject to double the rate of scoured, are., GO or 72 cents per pound, renders the importation in the shape impossible This is a great advantage enjoyed by the foreign manufacturer, who, in Inlying ' topics correct the exact quality of stock required for his yarns, and many quantity wanted. In the next stage of manufacture-yarns-tho duty is somewhat more favourable, but the lowest possible on fine years is not just 80 cents in value _- Go per cent If only a fraction higher , test, the duty is 93 per cent. This again is impracticable j to any great extent, and at the value of one dollar the duty is still 75 per cent. When it is considered that the labour i in making the yarns is only about one-third that required for the intsant cloth, the protection ' appears to be all in favour of foreign labourers and manufacturers of fabrics." It seems inevitable under those admitted condi- tions the necessity of giving the wool manufacture! ' his raw material free, and the increase in the production of domestic wool, in spite of the fierce competition in later years of foreign growers-that Congress will give the appropriate relief, and in that case the trade between this country and Australia can hardly fail to receive a great stimulus. Such a consummation, how- , over, is far more probable next session than at this. | ; There is very little general news, or it there is, the papers are too intent upon the labour troubles to let as I know of it. Lent over, the society world has resumed ' its gay round of elegant excesses, but already many of the leaders have left for Europe on the country. This year the growing importance of Washington as a centre A of fashionable gaiety a great impetus to which was given by the Administration of Mr. Arthur has been S very manifest. The coming marriage of Mr. Oloi'oland adds greatly, too, to the prospects for next winter, since the new Mistress of the White House has much more liberal notions in the way of entertaining, and is less under the influence of Puritan notions than the President's sister. The theatrical season is almost over, and the managers gladly find that it has been a very prosperous j one. The "Mikado" has gone to the Metropolitan of Opera House, with new scenery and dresses, and immensely increased choruses, and has no more trouble in filling a big house than a small one. Salvini and Booth are playing together at the Academy of Music in "Othello" and other tragedies, interchanging the leading parts, among which, possibly from caprice is included the Ghost in "clarinet," in which Salvini made his first appearance last night to the wonder and delight of the audience. In place of the sepulchral monotony in which the Ghost's lines are usually rendered, Salvini gave them a natural and a very varied intonation, and in his gestures he was still, even though disembodied, every inch of him a king. The most striking change of "business" was when he waved the prince after him to a "more re- moved ground." It was not a backward exit, as though he suspected that Hamlet junior might sneak away, but with a kingly stride forward, with no implied doubt of his son's obedience. At the Grand Opera House Hobson and Crane are giving IIB their version of "The Comedy of Errors" — very funny, but scarcely Shakespearian in its tone. At Harrigan's Park Theatre, his new local piece, "The Leather Patch," is still a potent attraction, and at the Lyceum, Bronson How- ard's "One of Our Girls," in spite of its very unflattering portraiture of the American young female, draws full houses in its third month. At the other houses, old pieces are doing fairly well. We take the following from San Francisco files to May 8:— THE HOME RULE QUESTION. London, May 2. — A meeting of the Cabinet will be held on on Tuesday, when Mr. Gladstone will return to London. Numerous Liberals have signed a memorial to Mr. Gladstone favouring the retention of Irish representatives at West- minster and the Imperial control of Customs, and asking that the property qualification and the £25 franchise, be dropped, and the lights of Ulster be safeguarded. Mr. Gladstone, in his manifesto to his Midlothian constituents, explains that his great age was prevented his taking part in speeches during the Easter recess, and has obliged him to reserve his limited powers for the House of Commons, and for that reason he uses his pen instead of his voice. Continuing, he says " Never have I known an occasion when a Parliamentary event so rang throughout the world as the introduction of the Home Rule Bill. From public meetings, from the highest authorities in the British colonies and in America, from capitals such as Washington, Boston, and Quebec, from remote districts lying beyond the reach of ordinary political excitement, I have recoiled conclusive assurances that kindred people regard with warm fraternal sympathy the attempt to settle once for all the troubled relations between England and Ireland, which exhibit only the great future of the political genius of our race to confront and matter the difficulty, and to obtain in a reasonable degree the main ends of civilised life." London, May 4. — Mr. Gladstone arrived in London to-day, and met with a most enthusiastic reception from crowds of people surged round the Premier's carriage as it left the railway station The horses became restive, and were controlled with difficulty, and for a time the occupants of the carriage were in imminent danger. Mr. Gladstone is enjoying robust health. This evening he attended the Cabinet Council, at which the Greek question and Irish home rule measures were discussed. London, May 5. — At a loyalist meeting at Preston a letter was read from the Earl of Derby. In it he says the present Parliament does not possess any moral right to decide the Irish question. The right to settle that belongs only to the electors, whose opinion on the subject has not been asked. If they decide in favour of granting home rule to Ireland, nothing more can be said. He adds that he has not abandoned hope that this country's rulers will drop the device of forcing their proposals upon an unpre- pared public. The Duke of Norfolk presided at the Con- servative mass meeting this evening in St. James' Hall to protest against the home rule policy of Mr. Gladstone. The attendance was large. In his address the Duke declared that the adoption of the home rule policy would be a rev- lution. The Viscount Cranbrook branded the Premier's statement that his measures did not mean a repeal of the union an act of imposture, and declared that Mr. Gladstone, who once described Mr. Purnell as marching through rapine to dismemberment, was now himself engaged in doing his utmost to urge the country to dismember the Empire. Baron Bramwell, once a prominent member of the Liberal party, was introduced as a man whose conscience would not permit him to support the Liberal Premier in his present undertaking. The baron, who was received with much applause, said he had been a Liberal all his life since 1828. He had supported Liberal Hiuisuits and men and Mr Hillstone taunted him and men like him as being seceders from the Liberal party, but the speaker was an older Liberal that the Premier was, and would tell him that the taunt was not well based, and that Mr. Gladstone himself was a real seceder from Liberalism, because he adopted the home rule idea, not for the reason that it conformed with his party principles, but because he found its adoption were necessary as an expedient to secure the Irish vote in Parliament to support his Go- vernment. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach and Viscount Cranbrook were appointed a committee to present to Par- liament a petition against the granting of home rule to Ireland. The appointment was received with loud applause The meeting unanimously adopted resolutions denouncing, in strong terms, the policy of Irish home rule as fatal to the integrity of the Empire, and calling upon all the loyal subjects of the Queen to re-open the for the defeat of the measure. The meeting of the council of the National Liberal federation is Great Britain to day was crowded by delegates from different local caucuses and the party's members in the House of Commons. It was declared by many of the speakers that the party is falling into line on Mr. Gladstone's policy, and the enthusiasm became unprari- ous. The principal resolutions agreed declared that a per- manent settlement of the Irish question should be attempted on the basis of giving the Irish people the control of their domestic affairs, and recognised the Government bill before Parliament as a foundation for such settlement. Another resolution expressed con- fidence in Mr. Gladstone but requested him to accept such amendments to his bill as would enable the Liberals to ignore the measure. This resolution evidently was effected on the part of Chamberlain's friends to find out what strength he had in the meeting. As introduced, the reso- lution received only 25 votes. The announcement of the result was received with cheers, being instantly accepted as a decisive victory for the followers of Mr. Gladstone. An amendment was next offered declaring that the time had arrived for the permanent settlement of the Irish question, thanking Mr Gladstone for the introduction of his bill us a basis of the settlement, and expressing, unabated confidence in the Government This was carried as a substitute for the original resolution without opposition, amid wild en- thusiasm. The amendments to the Home Rule Bill sug- gested in the original resolution embraced provisions retain- ing the Irish members at Westminster, assuming the authority of the Imperial Parliament, and entering the principle that taxation and representation should go to- gether Six hundred delegates were present. 