Woes of a Fat Man.. I am a .fat man-abnormally fat. lMy weight is 21 stone 6. pounds avoirdupois. Any one who-has ever been in the fat man business can appreciate my: woes and trou bles, for they areas many as the hairs on a cow's tail. Trouble seems to have been born the day I was, and to have selected me for its one victim. All through my life I have been beset with care and worry, from the time I was a small boy until now. Thank God, I am getting old, and, though I grow fatter each year that I advance to the jump ing-off place, I am slowly and surely coming to the time when people will ask, "What ' has become of old lard bucket?" As early as I can remember I was fat. When I was a school boy my companions used to call me "Fatty," and wonder that my flesh did not burst my clothes. Now that I am older it is just the same. People wonder what I eat. The fact is myappetite is very poor; but the less I eat the more I grow. I am a living paradox. Once I tried "anti-fat," but it only made me sweat harder, and my ribs grow more and more indistinct. My trouble commences the mo ment I awake in the morning. I usually find myself on my back, so all 1 do is to just start myself rolling and roll out of the bed. I have an inclined plane set up in front of the bed, so that I do not land on the floor abruptly, but roll down slowly and easily. But the greatsst difficulty is in getting to my feet. S metimes this little feat occu. pies several minutes. Now my troubles commence in earnest. I have to dress my. self, and anyone who could stand by and see the operation would be immensely amused. I don't muse much though; it's all labor for me. I get my clothes on with fair success and a great consumption of time, up to the point of putting on my shoes. Then the fun commences. I haven't seen my feet, face to face, in twenty years; I don't have any idea how they look. But putting on those shoes is the curse of-my ixistence. Sometimes I wear button shoes, and the expedients I adopt to get those in fernal buttons into their holes are wonder. ful. I fasten a button- hook to the end of a cane sometimes, but that don't result as well as a work of art. I tumble and flounce about the floor and bed, getting the upper hand of my shoes in a manner that resem bles the struggles of a fish out of wat-r. At last I get them on and the prayer of thanks giving that goes up to heaven is recorded among the sacred documents. When I eo down statis my wife usually asks me if I have been having a wrestle with a ghost. She says I have jarred the plaster down, have frightened the neighbors, made the milkman inquire if her husband had started a carpet-beating establishment on the second floor and raised Uain generally. "Well, my dear, how is your appetite this morning!" asks the wife of my bosom as I sit down to the table. This is exas perating when she knows that all I will eat is a piece of fish with an air accompani ment, a small cup of coffee with wind sauce. " My dear, my appetite is good," I reply; "so good that I think I can eat a whole bean." " Bean drinking before breakfl.st again. I see," says she. Then I collapse. I cant't stand puns. I s'art down town to my business. Hailing a tramecar, I notic- it doesn't stop. The next one I catch, and am informed, when I at tempt to go through the door and get stuck, that thatis not the fat man's line. This makes me mad, and with a rush and a push from the conductor, I am crowded through, but usually the door.posts give about six inches in the operation. Puffing, and pulling my torn clothes together, I sit down. "Say,-can't you be satisfied with four whole seats I" some one growls, I lookaronad, and sure enough I am crowd ing the only four passengers in the car. [ hear a young - lady giggle to her com panion : "Guess the circus is coming, the side show has got here." The sailor sitting next her mumbles to his neighbor : " What fine ballast such bags of fat would make for a sailing vesseL" By this time the car has reached-my corner, and I yell to the con ductor. -lie sees me, but only grins. Again I yell that I want to get off, and he sticks in his head' and nays, LWue're going .right around to the shops, and then I'It have one aide of the car taken off so you can get out." I looked at myself, and, sure enough, I had begen to swell. . Then, when I start to walk over to my' office, my friends accost me with the saluta-. lion, " Well, how are you to-day Seems to me you are looking thinner than usual." If 1 ever want'to'oommit:aurder it is then. Why will men- tell me such an infernal lie as that? How can I be growing thinner when my weight is fasat increasing ! Pretty soon a man will come around and inquire for me, -and, after talkinog over the weather and-fe-ling around and finding out what humor I am in, broaches his errand. He is a dealer in cigars, and wants me to pose be fore a wood-carverwhile-an image is made of me for a sign. He is very much in want of that kiad of a siga, and I am just the man to be the model. In less time than I take to tell it, that man's family is father less. By and bye another man calls and he is in the toy trade. He thinks a toy in re presentation of me would take well I toy a few minutes with'him and he never calls again. So they continue to come. Some are advance agents for circuses and want to hire me to stand at the front door and take tickets. They think I will -draw so well. They get drawn oirctly. My pity. for such men is small. One day not long ago I was walking-along the street in front of an eating-house, the cook-room of which was. under the pave ment. Just at that point I stepped on a banana skin and came down. The concus sion was great. The cook and the assistants and all the customers in the place at the time rushed out to the street. Said they thought the building was going to falL A policeman wanted to arrest. me, but I only asked for a rest. The crowd saw something funny about this and hieseu him off. Two or three then helped me to my feet and I went my way sorroaing. At allthe hotch I ever stopped at they charged me double rate. They say it is necessary on account of the room and boeard I take. It is base slander, but I have to stand it. When the day draws to a close I gratefully start home. Remembering my difficulty with the street car in the morning, 1 con clude to walk home. Greeting'of all kinds centre'upon thiefat man as I go.along; I won't try to name them. When I reach home, panting from my work- walking up the hill, my wife smiles upon. me; and dongs out, "Ah, here's my little boy I" That makes-me tremble -with rage. BSarcaas is not my hold, so I hold my tongue. .The time to entertain Sher company has now come, and that is misery of the deepest kind. Theywanit me to'join in games and-tb make an ass of me generally by trying to flop aSd tumble around. 1 have tumbled to their game, andI lie me away to -bed. Soon 1 ,fall asleep:and dream of.heaven,:whereiall. the angels are men as thln as lightning rods and there is no such misery ass.fat to mar the joy of the place. 