THEFAIR CUBAN.-G +ewwcd :lcl `"'"B?i'ewhy ?" said: I. 'I demanided' to see Sir George." "Madame," returned Mr. Kentish, looking suddenly as black as thunder, "to drop all fence, I know neither who nor what you are, beyond the fact that you. are not the person whose name you have assumed. But be what you please spy, ghost, devil, or most ill-judging jester-if you do not immediately enter that house I will cut you to the earth." And even as le spoke he threw an un easy glance behind him at the following crowd of blacks. I did not wait to be twice threatened I obeyed at once, and with a palpitating heart, and the next moment the door was locked from outside and the key with drawn. The interior was long, lo-w, and quite unfurnished, but filled, almost from end to end, with sugar cane, tar-barrels, old tarry rope, and other incongruous and highly inflammable material ; and not only was the door lo;ked, but the solitary win dow barred with iron: I was by this time so exceedingly be wildered and afraid that I would have given years of my life to be once more the slave of Mr. Caulder. I still stood, with amy hands clasped, the image of despair, looking about me on the lumber-room or raising any eyes to heaven, when there ap peared outside the window bars the face of a very black negro, who signed to me imperiously to draw near. I did so, and he instantly, and with every mark of fer vor, addressed me a long speech in some unknown and barbarous tongue. "I declare," I cried, clasping my brow, "I do not understand one syllable." "Not ?" loe said, in Spanish. "Great, great are the powers of Hoodoo i Her very * mind is clianged ! But, eloh, chief priestess, why have you suiaered yourself to be shut into this cage ?-why did you ITot call your slaves at once to your defence ? Do you 'not see thalt all has been prepared to mur der you ? At a' spark this flimsy house "will g.in flanes, and alas i who shall theu :be the chief priestess !-and what shall be the prolit of. (hI miracle ? " "Heavens I" cried I, "can I not see Sir' Georgel-1I must, I must, come by speech of him,- ' Olt bring men. to Sir George !" Antl my terror fairly 'master sg'. my` cosne, 1" fell u'pon my ltiee3: ad aegan to pray to ll the saints.'. ^! '" SL ra- !I" cried lth negro, '"liee they come !'' And his black lead wvas iis stautly withdrawn from the, window. " I never heard such nonsense in my life," exclaimed a voice. " Why, so we all siy, Sir George," rec plied the voice of Mlr. Kentish ; " but put yourself in my place. The niggers were near two to one. And upon amy word, if you'll excuse me, sir, considering the notion they have taken in their heads, I-regard it as precious fortunate for all of us that the mistake occurred." " This is no question of fortune, sir," returned Sir George; "it is a question of my orders, and you may take my word for it, Kentish, either, Harland, or your self, or Parker-or, by George, all three of you !--shall swing for this allitir. These are my sentiments. Give me the key and be off." Immediately after, the key turned in the lock, and there appeared upon the threshold a gentleman, between forty and fifty, with a very open countenance, and of a stout and personal figure. "Mydear young lady," said he, " who the devil may you be ?" I told him my story in a rush of words. He heard me, from the first, with ans amazement you can scarcely picture, but 'when I came to the death of the Senora Mlendizabel in the tornado lie fairly leaped in'the air. \- "My dear child," he cried, clasping me in his arms, " excuse a man who miglht be your father ! This is the best news I have heard since I was born, for that hag of a mulatto was no less a person than my wife." He sat down upon a tar barrel, as if unmanned by joy. " Dear me," said he, " I declare this tempts me to believe ina Providence. And what," he added, " can I do for you .' " Sir George," said I, " I am already rich ; all that I ask is your protection." "Understand one thing," he said, with great energy ; " I will never marry." "I had not ventured to propose it," I exclaimed, unable to restrain muy mirth ; "I only seek to be conveyed to Eng land, the natural home of the escaped slave." "Well," returned Sir George, "frankly I owe you one for this exhilarating news; besides, your father was of use to muse. Neow, I lave made a small competence in business-a jewel mine, a sort of naval agency, et cetera, and I amn on tihe point of breaking up my company, and retiring to my place in Devonshire to pass a ,lain old age, unmarried. One good turn de serves another; if you swear to hold your tongue about this island, these little bon fire arrangements, and the whole episode ofmyunfortunate marriage, why, I'll carry you home aboard the Xesmoros.?." I eagerly accepted his conditions. " One thing more," said lie ; " my late wife was some sort of a sorceress among the blacks, and they are all persuaded she has come alive again in your agreeable per son. Now, you will Ihave the goodness to keep up that fancy, if you please ; and to swear to them, on the authority of IHoodoo, or whatever his name may be, that I am from this moment quite a sacred charac ter." "I swecar it," said I, "by my father's memory, and that is a vow which I will never break." "I have a considerably better lhold on you than any oath," returned Sir George, with a chuckle; "for you are not only an escaped slave, but have, by your own account, a cossiderablo amouut of stolenc property. - I was struck dumb; I saw it was too true. In a glance I recognized that these jewels were no longer mine. With similar quickness I decided that they should be restored--y, if it cost me the liberty that I had justregained. Forgetful of all else, forgetful of Sir George, swho sat and watched me with a smile, I drew out Mr. Caulder's pocket-book, and turned to tihe page on wliceh the dying man had scrawled his statement. How shall I describe the agonyof happiness and remorse with whsioh I read it-for msy victima had not only set me free, but bequeatlhed to me the bag of jewels. My pllain tale draws tow-ard a close. Sir George and I, in my character of Iis re juvenated wife, displayed ourselves arm In-arm among the negroes, and were cheered and followed to thle place of em barhation. There Sir George, turning about, made a speech to hIis old com panions, in whliclh hlie thlanked and bade them farewell withl a very nlaaly spirit, and towsard the end of which hlie fell on some expressions wslich I still remember. " If any of you gentry lose your money, hlie said, "take care you do not cosleo to me; for in tlhe first place 1 shall do my hest to lia'e you imurdered; and if that fails, Ill hand you over to the lasw. \- - Blackmail won't do:for me. I'll rather risk all upon a-cast than be pulled to pieces by degrees. I llrather be found out and hang than give a doit to one man-jack of you." That same night we got under way, and crossed to the pSrt of New Orleans, whence, as a sacred trust, I sent the book to MIr. Caulder's son. In a weeks's time the men were all paid off, new hands were shipped, and the Nemorosa weighed her anchor for old England. A more delightful voyage it were hard to fancy., Sir George, of course, was not a conscientious man, but le had an af fected gayety of character that naturally endeared him to the young; and it was interesting to hear hinm lay out his pro-. jects for the future, when he should be returned to Parliament, and place at the service of the nation his experience of marine afftirs. I asked him if his notion of piracy upon a private yacht were not original, but he told me no. "A yacht, MissValdevia," lie observed, .is a charted nuisance. Who smuggle ? ~mho rob the salmon rivers of the west of Scotland ? Who cruelly beat the keepers if they dare to intervene ' The crews and the proprietors of yachts. All I have done is to extend the line a trifle ; and if you ask ime for my unbiased opinion, I do not suppose that I am in the least alone. In short we were the best of friends, and lived like fatheranddaughter, though I still withheld from him of course, that respecl which is only due to moral excel .lence. We were still some days' sail from Eng lahind when Sir George obtained from an outward-bound ship a packet of news papers, and from that fatal hour my mis fortunes recommenced. He sat the same evening in the cabin reading the news, and making savoury comments on the de cline of England andil the poor condition of the navy, when I suddenly observed him to change colour. " H?Illo !" said he, " this is bad ; this is deuced bad, Miss Valderia. You would not listen to sound sense, you would send that pocketbook to that man Caulder's son." "Sir George," said I, "it was my duty," " You are pretty paid for it; at least," says lie ; " And much as I regret it, I, for one, am done with you. This fellow Caulder demands your extradition." .?'But a slave," I returned, " is safe in England." "Yes, by George !" replied the baro net; but it's not a slave, Miss Valdevia, it's a thief that lie demands. lie has quietly destroyed the will, and now ac. cuses you of robbing your father's bank rupt estate of jewels to the value of a lun dred thousand pounds." I was so imuch overcome with indig nation at this hateful charge and concern for my unhappy fate that the genial baro net made haste to put me more at ease. " Do not be cast down," said he. " Of course, I wash my ihands of you myself. A man in my position- baronet, old fanmily, and all that-can not possibly be too particular about the company that he keeps. But I an a deuced good-humored old boy, let me tellyou, when not ruffled, and I wilt do the best I can to put you right. I will cend you a trifle of ready money, give you the address of an excel lent lawyer in London, and find a way to set you on shore unsuspected." He was in every particular as good as his word. Four days later the Xemorosa sounded her war, under, the cloak of a dark night, into a certain haven of the coast of England, and a boat, rowing with muffled oars, set me ashore upon the beach withinastone's throwof therailwaystation. Thither, guided by Sir George's direc tions, I grouped a devious way; and find ing a bench upon the platform, sat ime down, wrapped in a man's-fur great-coat, to iwait the coming of the day. It was still dark when a light was struck behind one of the windows of the building; nor had the east begun to kindle to the warmer colours of the dawnbefore a porter; carry ing a lantern, issued from the door and found himself face to face with my unfor tunate self. He looked all about him ; in the grey twilight of the dawn, the haven' was seen to be deserted, and the yacht lind long since disappeared. " Who are you ? " he cried. ",I am a traveller," said I. " And where do you come froml "hoe asked. " I am going by the first train to Lon don," I replied. In such imanner, like a ghost or a new creation, was I with my bag of jewels landed on the shores of England ; in this silent fashion, without history or name, I took mny place among the millions of a new country. 