I COLLINS-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. The morning and evening services at this church were conducted by the Rev. S. Chap man, who preached to numerous congregations. Mr. Chapman took his text in the morning from the Gospel of St Matthew, in., 13 and 14.-" When Jesus heard of it. He departed thence by ship into a desert place apart and when the people had heard thereof they followed Him on foot out of the cities And Jesus went forth, and saw a multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and He healed their sick " In this instance, where Jesus retired on hearing the ridings of John the Baptist's death, as in many other instances, they saw the blending of the two elements-the human and the Divine His withdrawal Was a type of the action of the Divine government and discipline at the same time it was a revelation of the humanity of Jesus, and of the nature which He has in common with us What did Jesus withdraw from? Just at this time he was in the midst of his miraculous and philanthropic career. Our Lord was subject to the limitation of humanity, and so the tidings of John's martyrdom came to him as a heavy blow. he was a premonition of his own coming martyrdom, and the effect was that for a time a pause was given to the ceaseless activity, and he sought in retirement a re operation of that energy wherewith he went to and fro doing good. There was something like this in the course of nil philanthropic activity. Whatever might be a man's courage, sense of duty, and compassion for his fellow creatures, there would come times when his activity would be constrained to pause, and when he would try in retirement with God to gain new courage, strength, and usefulness. No doubt many present often felt discouraged 'they might find that money given in charity was spent in drink that many took advantage of their hospitals and charitable institu- tions who were well able to pay for them selves For a time many might feel! an Jesus did when this shock was given to his spirit, they might feel their energy) paralysed, and they might be constrained to retire to a desert place apart Hut he hoped they would always comeback, like Jesus, full of compassion, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost All these considerations were suitable for Hospital Sunday There were times when they got weary of giving, and when they might be constrained to say " I find that all the charity and benevolence bestowed seems useless, and I will give it up is they left in such constraint that day they must imitate Jesus, and consider the multitude It they considered the multitude their compassion would come welling up They) were told that the number relieved by the charities for which the Hospital Sunday collections were made was never less this year and preceding years than 40,000 people. Some of them were in the extreme of old age and decrepitude while others were the tiny inmates of the Children's Hospital their hearts must be heavy when they reflected on the amount of suffering, indigence, and name implied in this statement He appealed to them to consider the multitude, and join Jesus Christ in the relief of suffering humanity. 