SUPERNATURAL EXPERIENCES OF MADAME BLAVATSKY. — — The name of Madams Blavatsky is tolerably well known as that of the principal exponent of a superior and more philosophical sort of Spiritualism, sometimes called Theosophy, and sometimes Esoteric Buddhism. There is a belief not only in the immortality of the soul, but also its association with successive physical organisms, so that one who can see into the spiritual world may behold not only the phantoms of a spirit's last embodiment — which is a " spook," or inferior and wholly untrustworthy sort of ghost— but its real spiri- tual entity, which descends into successive incarnations, and is "only altogether its true or higher self." The book recently published under the title "Incidents in the Life of Madame Blavatsky," shows how Madame Blavatsky has passed from the communion of spooks to that of spirits by gradual transition, guidance and protection. In drawing at- tention to a few of the marvellous ex- periences of this privileged lady we do not propose to enter into any argu- ment as to their truth, still less to ridicule them. They may speak for themselves, lt is, however, interesting to note from what sort of childhood and from what beginnings Madame Blavatsky developed her unusual powers. Ushered into tho world in 1831, at Ekaterino- slav, Mdlle. Hahn's birth was " amid coffins and desolation" and was quickened by several deaths in the house." As the infant was but half alive, she was at once baptised, and an infant aunt stood as proxy at the ceremony for some absent relative. "Feeling nervous and tired of standing still for nearly an hour, the child settled on the floor unperceived by the eiders, and became pro- bably drowsy in the overcrowdod room on that hot July day. The ceremony was nearing its close. The sponsors were just in the act of re- nouncing the Evil One and his deeds, a re- nunciation emphasised in the Greek Church by thrice spitting upon the invisible enemy, when the little lady, toying with her lighted taper at the feet of the crowd, inadvertently set fire to the long flowing robes of the priest, no one re- marking the accident till it was too late. The result was an immediate conflagration, during which several persons— chiefly the old priest — was severely burnt. This was felt to be an ominous beginning ; but there was more than this. The circum- stances of her birth connected her with the popular Russian demonology. "It is from the philosophy of her Russian nur- sery that Mdlle, Hahn learned the cause of her being called by the serfs the sedmitchka, an untranslatable term, meaning one connected with number seven, in this particular case re- ferring to the child having been born on the seventh month of the year, on the night between the 30th and 31st of July— days so conspicuous in Russia in the annals of popular beliefs with regard to witches and their doings. Thus the mystery of a certain ceremony enacted in great secrecy for years during July the 30th by the nurses and household was divulged to her as soon as her consciousness could realise the importance of the initiation. She learned even in her child- hood the reason why, on that day, she was car- ried about in her nurse's arms around the house, stables, and cow-pen, and made person- ally to sprinkle the four corners with water, the nurse repeating all the while some mystic sentences." Her nurses seem to have encouraged her belief in malignant fairies and local supersti- tions in every way. She was hardly more than an infant when, " ln one of her walks by the river side, a boy about 14, who was dragging the child's car- riage, incurred her displeasure by some slight disobedience. ' I will have you tickled to death by a roussalka!" she screamed, "There's one coming down from that tree .... Here she comes. . . . see, see !" Whether the boy saw the dreaded nymph or not, he took to his heels, and, the angry commands of the nurse notwithstanding, disappeared along the sandy banks leading homeward. After much grumbling the old nurse was con- strained to return home alone with her charge, determined to have ' Pavlik' punished. But the poor lad was never seen alive again. He ran away to his village, and his body was found several weeks later by fishermen who caught him in their nets. The verdict of the police was 'drowning by accident. ' " Excitable, of weak health, a sleep walker, her mind filled with stories of the super- natural. "She used to be found at nights in the most out-of-way place-, and to be carried back to her bed profoundly asleep. Thus she was missed from her room one night when she was hardly 12, and the alarm having been given, she was searched for and found pacing one of the long subterranean corridors, evi- dently in deep conversation with someone in- visible for all but herself. .... she dis- appeared in the same mysterious manner in day time also. Searchcd for, called, and hunted after, she would be often discovered, with great pains in the most unfrequented localities; once it was in the dark loft, under the very roof, to which she was traced, amid pigeons nests, and surrounded by hundreds of those birds. She was 'putting them to sleep' —according to the rules taught in Solomon's Wisdom ' — as she explained." Apparently miraculous cases of protection— afforded to her in those critical moments, which in the life of such a young lady were probably frequent— " form," we are told, " the staple of the narratives which each person in turn, who has anything to say, comes forward to tell." Here is a specimen : — "A horse bolted with her ; she fell with her foot entangled in the stirrup, and before the horse was stopped she ought, she thinks, to have been killed outright but for a strange sustaining power she distinctly felt around her. which seemed to hold her up in defiance of gravitation." At this time she was about 14, and — " Amidst the strange double life she led from her earliest recollections, she would sometimes have visions of a mature protector, whose im- posing appearance dominated her imagination from a very earlier period. This protector was always the same, his features never changed ; in after life she met him as a living man, and knew him as though she had been brought up In his presence." It will be readily surmised that marriage with such a wilful and strangely surrounded maiden was no light enterprise ; and so, in truth, it proved. " She cared not whether she should get married or not. She had been simply defied one day by her governess to find any man who would be her husband, in view of her temper and disposition. The governess, to emphasize the taunt, said that even the old man she had found so ugly, and had laughed at so much, calling him 'a plumeless raven' — that even he would decline her for a wife ! That Was enough; three days after she made him propose, and then, frightened at what she had done, sought to escape from her joking accept- ance of his offer. But it was too late. Hence the fatal step. [?] she knew and understood was— when too late - that she had been accept- ing, and was now forced to accept— a mas- ter she cared nothing for, nay that she hated ; that she was tied to him by the law of the country, hand and foot. A 'great horror ' crept upon her, as she explained it later; one desire, ardent, unceasing, irresis- tible, got hold of her entire being, led her. on, so to say, by the hand, forcing her to act in- stinctively, as she would have done if, in the act of saving her life, she had been running away from a mortal danger. There had been a distinct attempt to impress her with the solem- nity of marriage, with her future obligations and her duties to her hatband, and married life. A few hours later, at the altar, she heard the priest saying to her: — 'Thou shalt honor and obey thy husband,' and at this hated word, ' shalt,' her young face— for she was hardly 16 — was seen to flush angrily, then to become deadly pale. She was overheard to mutter in response, through her set teeth — ' Surely, I shall nott.' " Indeed, no. "For three months the newly-married couple remained together under the same roof, each fighting for impossible concessions, and then at last, in connection with a quarrel more violent even than the rest, the young lady took horse on her own account and rode toTiflis." Thus it came to pass that Mme. Blavatsky abandoned her country at 17 and passed ten long years in strange and out-of- the-way places in Central Asia, India, South America, Africa, and Eastern Europe. During these ten years the records of her life are very meagre, or, at any rate, have not been placed in the hands of her biographer. She seems to have had some instruction in occult lore from "an old Copt at Cairo of great reputation as a magician." Later on she made friends with the Red Indians, on the Fenni- more Copper basis, and was disillusioned by their sudden disappearance with all her port- able property. At New Orleans she learned magic from the negro Voodoos,' but "being warned in a vision " she at once moved. A legacy from a godmother (so the story runs) put her in funds, and having engaged (the com- panionship of a Hindoo "chela," or witch, and an Englishman in search of magic knowledge), she sailed with them — " three pilgrims of mysticism " — to India. Here, it is needless to say, she found the learning she had been so long seeking. Meanwhile, her friends heard but " faint rumors" of her appearance at various places, and we need not follow her journays in detail. She returned home to her sister in law in 1858. There was a wedding party, and — ' On Christmas night," Madame de Jelihow- sky writes : — "They were all sitting at supper, carriages loaded with guests were arriving one after the other, and the hall bell kept ring- ing without interruption. At the moment when the bridegroom's best men arose, with glasses of champage in their hands, to proclaim their good wishes for the happy couple — a solemn moment in Russia — the bell was again rung impatiently. Mme. Yahontoff, Mme. Blavatsky's sister, moved by an irrepressible impulse, and notwithstanding that the hall was full of servants, jumped up from her place at the table, and, to the amazement of all, rushed herself to open the door. She felt convinced, she said afterwards, though why she could not tell, that it was her long lost sister ! " At this point Madume de Jelihowsky becomes the biographer, and although she tells us numerous stories of Madame Blavatsky's powers they are all of the usual kind, raps, musical sounds, furniture moving, word guessing and the like. In her list of miracles are " Prescriptions for different diseases, in Latin, and subsequent cures, but we cannot find one of these. Here, however, is a furniture story. The lady promises that a little table shall be made im- movable : — "I will try," she said, " but I beg of you to remember that I promise nothing. I will simply fix this chess table and try. ... He who wants to make the experiment, let him lift it now, and then try again after I shall have fixed it." "After you shall have fixed it?" said a voice, " and what then? Do you mean to say that you will not- touch the table at all?" " Why should I touch it ?" answered Mme. Blavatsky, with a quiet smile. Upon hearing; the extraordinary assertion one of the young men went determedly to the small chess table, and lifted it up as though it were a feather. " All right," she said. " Now kindly leave it alone, and stand back." " The order was at once obeyed and a great sllence fell upon the company. All holding their breath, anxiously watched for what Madame Blavatsky would do next. She ap- parently, however, did nothing at all. She merely fixed her large blue eyes upon the chess table, and kept looking at it with an intense gaze. Then, without removing her gaze, she silently, with a motion of her hand, invited the same young man to remove it. He approached, and grasped the table by its leg with great as- surance. The table could not be moved!." The next is certainly more miraculous of its kind, showing a certain humor in the lady and her obedient sprites : — " At another time, a lady, an esprit fort, very vain and coquettish, to her ironical question of what was the best conductor for the production of such raps, and whether they could be done everywhere, received a strange and very puz- zling answer. The word ' Gold,' was rapped out, and then came the words ' We will prove it to you immediately.' " The lady kept smiling with her mouth slightly opened. Hardly had the answer come than she became very pale, jumped from her chair, and covered her mouth with her hand. Her face was convulsed with fear and astonish- ment. Why? Because she had felt raps in her mouth, as she confessed later on . Those pre- sent looked at each other significantly. Previous even to her own confession all had understood that the lady had felt a violent commotion and raps in the gold of her artificial teeth ! And when she rose from her place and left the room with precipitation, there was a homeric laugh among us at her expense." Finding that she could be relied on to recon- struct the most recondite history, Madame Bla- vatsky's father utilised her powers to complete the family pedigree, by filling in all the blanks. Starting from the Crusaders : — "Began a regular series of figures, dates of years and months, of hundreds of names by connection and side marriages, and a long line of descent from the Knight Crusaders down to the Countess Ida Hahn-Hahn— Madame Bla- vatsky's father's cousin, and her father's family names and dates, as well as a mass of contem- porary events which had taken place in connec- tion with that, family's descending line, were given rapidly and unhesitatingly." During many months the supernatural aid never failed, though the unseen helpers "asked occasionally for a day or two to get at the cor- rect information." It is, therefore, rather mortifying to read — " Unfortunately, these records, put down on fly-leaves and then copied into a book, are pro- bably lost. The papers remained with Madme. Blavatsky's father, who treasured them, and with many other far more valuable documents were stolen or lost after his death. But his sister-in law, Mme. Blavasky's aunt, has in her possession letters from him in which he speaks enthusiastically of his experiments." Once Madame Blavatsky helped the police to discover the perpetrator of a crime, denouncing the man by name, and describing exactly where he would be found hidden, but she does not seem to have pursued this line, for the un- sympathetic "Police of St. Petersburg wanted to know how could one, and that one a woman who had just returned from foreign countries, know anything of the details of a murder. " It cost Colonel Hahn great exertion to settle the matter and satisfy the suspicious authorities that there had been no fouler play in the business than the intervention of super- natural powers, in which the police pretended, of course, to have no faith." A severe illness in 1866 seems to have been a critical point in her spiritual life. Henceforth sho can banish " spooks," and have intercourse with essential spirits, and she is no longer controlled, but controls. But we cannot find any superiority in the works performed. So far as reported here they are of the kind with which ordinary spiritualism and its kindred arts have made us familiar. The most striking of them, if true, is perhaps the following, pur- porting to be told by one gentleman of another :— " As he was carrying the glass with its con- tents to his mouth, without any visible cause the glass broke in his hand into many pieces. Sho laughed, appearing overjoyed, and made the remark that she hated liqueurs and wine, and could hardly tolerate those who used them too freely. The story goes on. . . " ' You do not mean to infer that it is you who broke my wine glass. . . ? It is simply an accident. . . The glass is very thin ; it was perhaps cracked, and I squeezed it too strongly. . . !' I lied purposely, for I had just made the mental remark that it seemed very strange and incomprehensible, the glass being very thick and strong, just as a [rerre a iqueur] ? would be. " But I wanted to draw her out. " She looked at me very seriously, and her eyes flashed, ' What will you bet?' she asked, ' that I do not do it again ?' " ' Well, we will try on the spot. If you do, I will be the first to proclaim you a true magician. If not, we will have a good laugh at you or your spirits to-morrow at the con- sulate. . . . .' And saying so. I half filled the tumbler with wine, and prepared to drink it. But no sooner had the glass touched my lips than I felt it shattered between my fingers, and my hand bled, wounded by a broken piece in my instinctive act at grasping the tumbler together when I felt myself losing hold of it." Describing her condition of present advance- ment Madame Blavatsky says : — "I am solely occupied, not with writing Isis,' but with Isis herself. I live in a kind of permanent enchantment, a life of visions and sights with open eyes, and no trance whatever to deceive my senses ! I sit and watch the fair goddess constantly. And as she displays before me the secret meaning of her long- lost secrets, and the veil, becoming with every hour thinner and more transparent, gradually falls off before my eyes, I hold my breath and can hardly trust to my senses ! . . . For several years, in order not to forget what I have learned elsewhere. I have been made to have permanently before my eyes all that I need to see. Thus, night and day, the images of the past are over marshalled before my inner eye. Slowly, and gliding silently like images in an enchanted panorama, centuries after centuries appear before me. . . . and I am made to con- nect these epochs with certain historical events, nnd I know there can be no mistake. Races and nations, countries and cities, emerge during some former century, then fade out and dis- appear during some other one, the precise date of which I am told by . . . Hoary antiquity gives room to historical periods; myths are ex- plained by real events and personages who have really existed ; and every important and often unimportant event, every revolution, a new- leaf turned in the book of life of nations — with its incipient course and subsequent natural re- sults — remains photographed in my mind." Having thus hurriedly traced Madame Blavatsky from infancy to her position, supre- macy in the occult sciences, we must leave the remainder of the book for those interested in the controversy on Esoteric Buddhism to which it is a contribution. Whatever their view of the merits of the case they will find a good deal to interest them. 