TROUBLE ON LOST MOUNTAIN. Abe Hightower took his way down the mountain, and about two miles from his house, as the road ran, he mot the stranger who had attracted Babo's attention. He was a handsome young follow, and he was riding a handsome horso-a gray, that was evidently used to sleeping in a stable where thoro was plenty of food in the trough. The rider also had a well-fed appearance. Hosathis horse somewhat jauntily, and theoro was a jocund expression in his features very pleasing to behold. He drow rein as ,le saw Abe, and gave a military salute in a careless, off-hand way that was in strict keoping with his appear ance. " Good-morning, sir," he said. " Howd ?" said Abe. " Pine day this." "Well, what little I've saw of it is purty tollorbul." SThe young follow laughed, and his laughter was worth hearing. It had the ring of youth in it. "Do you chance to know a Mr. Hightower ?" he asked, throwing a log over the pommel of the saddle. "Do lie live anywheres aroun' in those parts P" Abe inquired. "So I'm told." "Well, the reason I ast," said Abe, loaning his rifle against a tree, "is behaze they mought be moro'n one IIightowen runnin loose. " You don't know him, then ?" "I know one on 'em. Any business wi' him ?" "Well, yes-a little. I was told lie lived on this road. How far is his house?" " Well, I'll tell you,-Abe took off his hat and scratched his head, " some folks mought take a notion hit wuIi a long ways off, an' then, ag'n yuthor folks mought take a notion that hit wuz lots nigher. Hit's ac cordin' to the way you.look at it. S"Is Mr. Hightowor at home ?"' in quired the young stranger, regarding Abe with some degree of curiosity. "Well," said Abe, cautiously, "I don't reckon lio's right slam bang at homo, but I lay he ain't fur off." "If you happen to see him, pray toll him thoro's a gentleman at his house who would like very much to see himi." "Well, I toll you what mister, said Abe, speaking very slowly. " You're a mighty nice young follor anybody kin shot tho'r eyes and see that,-but folks 'roun' hero is mighty kuso; they is that away. Ef Iwuz you, I'd thes turn right roun' in my tracks 'n' lot that ar Mr. Hightowor alono. I wouldn't posror wi' 'ir. Ho hain't no fitten company for you." " Oh', but I must soohim," said the stranger. "I have business withhim. Why, they told me down in the valley that Hightower, in many re poects, is the best man in the county." Abo smiled for the first time. It was the ghost of a smile. "Sh o!' he. exclaimed. " They don't know him down thar nigh as good as he's know'd up here, An' that hain't all. 'Thish yor Mister Hightowor you or talkin' about is got a mighty bad case of measles at his house. You'd be ableedze to ketch 'em of you wont thar." " "I've had the measles," said the stranto .. "chut these hero moaslos,"ipersisted Abe, half shutting Iis oyos and gazing at the young man steadily, "kin be cotclied twico-t. Theyor wnss'n tho small-pox-lots wuss." " My dear sir, what do you mean ?' the young man intuired, observing the significant emphasis of the mountain eor's language. " Iit's thes like I toll you," said Abo. "Looks like folks has mighty bad luck when they go a-rippitin' hether an' yan on the mountain. It hain't been sech a monst'us long time sonco one or them revenue fellers como a-paradin' up thish yor same road, .a-makii' inquirements for Hightower. eo cotch the measles; bless you, he took an' cotch 'em by the time he got in hailin' distance of IIightowor's, an' he had to be toted down. I disre member' his name, but he wuz a mighty nice-lookin' young foller, peart an' sooplo, an' thos about your size an' weight." "It was no doubt a great pity about the revenue chap," said the young man sarcastically. ." Lor', yes!" exclaimed Abe, so riously; "lots or nice folks must 'a' cried about that man." "Well," said the other, smiling, " I must see Hightowor. Iguess he's a nicer'man than his neighbours think he is." "Shoo!" said Abe, "hoie hain't a bit nicr'n what I am, an' I lay lie hain t no purtier. What mought be your name, sir?" " My name is Chichestor, and I'm buying land for some Boston people. I want to buy some land right on this mountain if I can got it cheap onough." " Jesso," said Abe, "but wharbouts in thar do Hightowor come in !" " O, lie knows all about the moun tain, and I want to ask his advice and got his opinions," said Chichestor. Something about Mr. Chichester seemed' to attract Abe Hightowor. Perhaps :'it was the young follow's fresh, handsome appearance; perhaps it was the free-and-easy attitude, sug gestive' of the commercial tourist, that met the approbation of the mountaineer. At any rate, Abe :miled upon the young man in a fatherly way, and said: "'Twixt you an' me an' yon pine, you haint got no furdor to go for to strike *up'j wi' Hightower. I'm the the man you or atter." Chichester regarded him witth some degree of amazement. " My dear sir," ho exclaimed, "why should you desire to play the sphinx?" "Spinks?'! said Abe, with some tiling like a grimace; "the Spinks famerly lived furder up the mounting, but they or done bin weeded out by the revenue men too long ago to talk about. ' The olo man's in jail itAtlanty er some'rs else, the boys is done run'd off, an' the gal's a trollop. No Spinks in mine, cap', ef you please !" Chichester laughed at the other'; earnestness. He mistook it for drol lery. "I lot; you know, cap," Abe went on, "you can't be boss or your own doin's an' give bver' passin' man your piame." , "Well, I'mi very glad to meet you," said Chicliestor, heartily; "I'll have a good deal of business in this noigh bourhood first and last, and I'm told there isn't anything worth knowing about the mountain that you don't know.'' "That kind or talk," Abo replied, " in be run in the groun', yit I haint a-donyin' but what I've got a kind or speakin' acquaintance wi' the neighbourhood whar I a-livin' at. Ef you or huntin' my house, these drive right on. I'll be thar ag'iu you got thar." Chichestor found a very cordial welcome awaiting him when he arrived at Hightower's house. Even the dogs were friendly, and the big cat came out from its hiding-place to rub against his legs as he sat on the little porch. " B the time you rest your face an' han's, said Abo, "I reckon break fast'll be ready." Chichostor, who was anxious to give no trouble, explained that he had had a cup of coffee at Poevy's before starting up the moun tain. Hoe said, moreover, that the mountain was so bracing that he felt as if he could walk fast a week and still fatten. "Well, sir," Abo remarked, "hit's mighty little we or got to offer, an' that little's iighty common, but, sech as 'tis, you cr moro'n wolcome. Hits diffunt wi' me when the mornin' air blows at me. Hit makes me wanter nibble at somopin'. I dunnor whar you come from, an' I ain't makin' no inquiromonts, but down in these parts you can't spat a man harder betwixt the eyes than to set back an' not break bread wi' 'im." Mr. Chichoster had boon warned not to wound the hospitality of the simple people among wholm le was going, and he was quick to perceive that his refusal to "break bread" with the IIightowors would be taken too seriously. Whereupon, he made a most substantial apology-an apology that took the shape of a rave nous aVppotite, and did more than jus ticoto Mrs.Hightoweik's fried chicken, crisp biscuits, and genuine coffee. Mr. Ohiichster also made himself as agreeable as he know how, and lie was so pleased with the impression he made that he, on his side, admitted to himself that the Hightowers were charmingly quaint, especially the shy girl of whom lie caught a brief glimpse now and then as she handed her mother fresh supplies of chicken and biscuits. There was nothing mysterious con nected with the visit of Mr. Chichestor to Lost Mountain. lie was the agent of a company of Boston capitalists who were anxious to invest money in Georgia marble quarries, and Chi chester was on Lost Mountain for the purpose of discovering the marble beds that had been said by some to exist there. He had the versatility of a modern young man, being some thing of a civil engineer and some thing of a geologist; in fine, he was one of the many "general-utilit " men that improved methods enable the high schools and colleges to turn out. He was in the habit of making himself agreeable wherever lie went, but behind his levity and generalgood humour there was a good deal of seriousness and firmness of purpose. He talked with great freedom to the Hightowers, giving a sort of com mercial coloring, so to spoak, to the plans of his company with respect to land investments on Lost Mountain; but he said nothing about his quest for marble. " The Lord send they won't be atter fetchin' the railwood kvars among us," said Grandsir Hightower, for vontly. " Woll, sir," said Chichoster, " there isn't much danger." "Now, I dunno 'bout that," said the old man, querulously, " I dunno 'bout that. They're gittin' so these days they'll whirl in an' do o'enamost anything what you don't want 'em to do. . kin stan' out tha' in the hoes lot any cle'r day an' seo the smoke or their ingines, an' sometimes hit looks like I kin hear 'em snort an' cough. They or plenty nigh enough. The. Lord send they won't fetch 'em no nigher. Fum Ginor'l Jackson's time plump tell' now, they er bin a-fetehin' destruction to the country. You'll see it. I mayn't see it myself, but you'll see it. 'ust hit was Giner'l Jackson an' the bank, an' now hit's the railroad kyars. You'll see it!" " And yet," said Chichester, turn ing towards the old man, as hope might beam benignantly on the past, "everybody and everything seems to be getting along very well. I think the only thing necessary now is to in vent something or other to keep the cinders out of a man's eyes when he rides on the railroads." "Don't let 'em fool you," said the old man, earnestly. " Ever'thing's in a tangle, an' thor' hain't no Whlig party for to ontagle it. Giner'l Jackson an' the cussid bank is what done it." Just then Miss Babe came out on the little porch and seated herself on the bench that ran across one end. " Cap'," said Abe, with some show of ' embarrassment, as if not knowing how to get through a necessar ceremony, "this is my ga, Babe. She's the oldest and the youngest. I'm name Abe, an' she's name' Babe, sort er rhymin' like." SThe unaffected shyness of the young girl was pleasant to belold, and if it did iiot heighten her beauty, it -certainly did not detract from it. It was a shyness in which there was not an "awkward element, for Babe had the grace of youth and beauty, and conscious independence animated all her movements. "'Ceppin' mo an' the ole oman," said Abe, "Babe is the best-lookin' one or the famerly." The girl reddened a little, and laughed lightly with the air of one who is accustomed to give and take jokes, but said nothing. "1 heard of Miss Babe last night," said Chichester, " and I've got a mes sage for her." "Wait!" exclaimed Abe, trium phantly, "I'll bet a hoss 1 kin call the mname 'thout movin' out'n my chair. Hold on !" liecontinued, " I'll bet another boss I kin relate the whole message word for word." Babe blushed violently, but laughed good humourmedly. Chicihester ad justed himself at once to this unsex pected informality, and allowed him self to become involved in it. "Come, now l' he exclaimed, "I'll talke the bet." "I declare !'' said Mrs. Hightower, laughing, "you all oughtn' to pester Babe that way." "Wait!" said Abe. "The name or the man what sent the word is Tuck Peevy, an' when he know'd you was a-commin' here, he sort or sidled up an' ast you for to please be so good as to tell Miss Babe he'd drap in nex' Sunday, an' see what her mammy is a-gwine tor have for dinner." "Well, I have won the bet," said Chichestor. "Mr. Poevy simply asked me to tell Miss Babe that there would be a singing at Phila dolphia camp-ground Sunday. I hardly know what to do with two horses." " May be you'll feel bhatter," said Abe, "when somebody tells you that my boss is a mule. Well, well, well!', he went on. "Tuck didn't say he was comin', but I be bonn' he comes, an' more'n that, I be boun' a whole passel or gals an' boys'll feller Babe home." "In giner'lly," said Grandsir High tower, "I hate for to make remarks 'bout folks when they hain't settin' whar they kin hear me, but that ar Tuck Peevy is got a mighty bad eye. I hearn im a-quollin' wi' one or them Simmons boys las' Sunday gone wuz a week, an' I toll you hlie's got the Ole Boy in 'im. An' his appetite's wuss'n his eye." " Well," said Mrs. IHightower, "no body 'roun' hero don't begrudge him his vittles, I reckon." "Oh, by no means-by no manner or means," ' said the old man, suddenly remembering the presence of Chic hester. "Yit they oughter be reason in all things; that's what I say-rea son in all things, speshually when hit comes to gormandizin'." The evident seriousness of the' old man was very comical. He seemed to be possessed by the unreasonable economy that not infrequently seizes on old age. "They hain't no begrudgin' 'roun' here," he went on. "Lord! ef I'd 'a'bin a-begrudgin' I'd 'a' thes natchally bin e't up wi' my begrudges. What wer' the word the poor creetur sent to Babe?" Chichester repeated the brief and apparently uninteresting message, and Grandsir Hightower groaned dismally. "I dunner what sot him so ag'in Tuck. Peevy," said Abe, laughing "Tuck's e'en about the peartist chap in the settlement, an' a mighty handy mn, put 'im whar you will." "Why, Aberham I" exclaimed the old man, " you go on like a. man what's done gone an' took leave of his sov'm senses. You dunnor what sot me agin the poor ereotur ? Why, time an' time again I've tel' you it's his ongodly hankerin' atter the flesh-pots. The Bible's agin it, an' I'rhi agin it. Wharbouts is it put down that a man is ever foun' grace in the eubberd ?" "Well, I lay a man that works is boun' ter eat," said Abe. " Ol,; I 'ain't -no 'count-I can't work," said the old man, his wrath, which had been wrought to a higlh pitch, suddenly taking the shape of plaintive humility. ".Yit 'tain't for long. I'll soon be out'n 'the way Aberham. ' "Shoo ! " said Abe, placing his hand affectionately" on the old man's shoulder. " You or" mighty nigh as spry as a kitten. Babe, .honey, fill your grandsir's pipe. He's a-missin' lhis mornin' smoke." Soothed by his pipe, the old man, seemed to forget the existence of Tuck Peevy, ianud his name came up for dis cussion no more. " [TO BE CONTINUED.] 