LIKE SUMMER CLOUDS. A Christmas Fantaiaie. Bt Tenmysok Smthi, . Author of 'Tho Ghost of a Christmas Dinner,' 'Sunboama and Shadows,' &o.; flVom tlio Cliriutmas Number of The Weik.) CnATTKB I. — PaSTOHALE. Giitliertho rose-buds whilo yo may, Old time is still a-flying: . And tlmt siHnc'ilower tlint blooms to-day To-morrow Hlinll bo dyhi|{. — HenitlOK. Geohoe Clayton was a lucky follow. All ?who knew him Biiid ho, and tile general verdict lind never been upset nor, indeed, appealed against. Ho was comfortably well disposed of in tho world's favours; rich in tho spotless records of hie life ; esteemed by friends ; without n foo ; endowed w th such good graces as may hcconio a ihan and, though a widowor, yet compensated for his only sorrow by as great a joy. At the timo his wifo passed heiico and rfierc had fallen that great shadow on his lifo, to full of sunshino tlioretofore, it had boou said that Ruth had mado that darkness molt into new, fresh, radiant light, and strewn his path ?with, beams of happiness. Lnok, thoy said, had boon his guiding star, and those who knew liis lifo had grounds for thinking so. Coming early to tho colonies ho had had those ohanccs ?which bo many had turned to great account, and he had made them servo his ends as well. Somo years of vigorous youth upon tho fields | ?where with a spado-turn fortunes sometimes | blessed tho sturdy digger (to bo as often lost upon tho hazard of a die), and where ho, too, had won lus way, merged into a life full to tho brim of tho excitement of thoso bygono days. In turn digger, carrier of Her Majesty's mails, and stockman, Georgo Clayton — when tho ?world about tho towns became too small for men of freer souls in search of ?wider scope, and the broad lands beyond the mountains, beyond tho noisy hum of heated strife, far in the depths of wild, bold, track less country across tho limitless reaches of un Jrayejled plains, werp opening out to pioneering enterprise — had found (V foremost place among tho first to lay thoir value bare. Undaunted by overwhelming trials and misadventure ho had fought his way out into tho west, and founded there a home, and sown the seeds of fortune. He had watched them grow, and as wo find him now thoy have borno fruit, and in pros perity and ease, comfort and success, ho has re ward for all tho hardships of his earlier lifo. And beyond all else a crowning gladness in his daughter Euth, his only child, — that rift in tho old shadow which had spread to effaco it, and then mantle all his heaven in cheerful aspect evermore. True to his desire for open, unrestricted free dom, Clayton had built his homo upon the ?rown of a email hill, but thero where no noisy ?hriek of engines, no thud and thump of traffic, no whirling buzz of tho busy world of man, disturbed the calmness of tho air. About him tho tall trees, vocal with tho whistling of soft 'winds and tho piping of birds; around the far stretching emerald sea of waving wheat and com, and tho green pasture with lowing kino and lazy 'Blieep grazing and browsing upon its fertile bosom ; and beyond tUe hills hero ver dant frith th'.Ct fclifige, now lirOwn in shadow and then deeply tinged -with blue in tho far distance, until they mingled with tho sky ' where earth and heaven met.' Tho house itself ucslled in a paradise of luxuriant flowers of every hue ; tho queenly roso and tha deftly trained sweet-ecented1 honeysuckle, tho ruddy dahlia and the delicate fuohsia were inter mingled witu staring sunflowers, and these »of tonal by retiring pansies, .and the vioVt^ spreading fur and near their lovely incense to the goddess of the garden. Aiidno earthly heaven had ever a fairer goddess thim Euth. See her now as she stands, garden-rake in hand, enjoying all the wealth of beauty in the foliage, colour, texture, form, and perfume spread around. Her fciU, graceful figure wrapped in folds of snowy white, her hair catching tho golden sunbeams and using thoir brightness to enhanco its own and light up the glorious depths of her blue eyes. Her broadbrimmed garden hat in its ample shadow seeks in vain to liido tho soft, clear whiteness of her mobile face. About tho delicate lips there hovers a smile that ever and again breaks out to dimple tho fair, rose-tinted cheeks, and sparkle in tho rich beauty of the eyes, and add bewitch ing merriness to thoir accustomed light, to display tho pearly enamel of tho regular teeth, and enwrcathe the whole faco in a contagious ?wealth of warm and sunny happiness. Her white hands are lost in tho cavernous depth of groat gloves, and a simple band of ribbon clasps the slender neck. As sho moves from plant to plimt sho collects a bouquet of choice flowers, and trills a .song in echo to tho notes of birds on neighbouring trees. Her hands aro full of blossoms, and sho takes a path that wanders under an aruh ?way, laden with jasmine and purple passion flowers to tho house. As sho reaches tho spacious veranda encircling the building, thero is tho hurried stamp of horse's feet, and shortly afterwards a horseman emerges from tho timbered country boyond tho garden wall and canters down the winding carriage way. 'Hero Bob, tako tho nags.' And Euth has scarcoly placed tho flowers down beforo her father clasps her in his aiim. ? Georgo Clayton has not passed through tho ?vicissitudes of his well- varied lifo, and escaped their signs. Though yet unbent his wiry figure has missed tho rotundity of that of men of easier lives ; thero is no fulness in tho face to soften down tho lines of time; but yet the eyes are keen, alert, and bright, and tho full black beard and tho hair are sparsely sprinkled gray. Tall and erect, manly in every notion, every movement of his muscular framo, whether on horsobaok — and tho district knows no better rider — or striding through his wide domains, Mb bearing is such as to havo earned him the flattering soubriquet of ' Squatter King.' 'Well, Euth,' ho 6ays, 'been lonely, child ? Found things dull a bit, eh ? Never mind, it is over, and I shan't go another jaunt for many a day. .What about tho reaper and binder and tho now maro — did thoy como all right? And the gig, does it suit you — and — tut ! tut ! Here I'm doing all tho talking ; asking moro questions in a minute than oven a young girl could answer in a day, and all tho while you would hear from Homcono olsp. Well, givo mo ono good kiss, and I'll let you havo your -way. Thoro, that's right. Hero's tho letter ? You'ro glad to got it, oh ? 'Well, of eoureo, and as two's company, and throe's a crowd, I won't ho tho unwelcomo maioritv.' 'Not unwelcome, papa.' 'Well, it isn't likely yon would say so ?traight outright. But I know what you mean, and there's no langriago yet invented whioh can toll mo better than thoso dear,' treacherous oyos of yours, my Euth.' 'Oh, papa!' tho girl ropliod, and uostlod oloso upon liis great, broad shoulder as though no placo could bo moro ?welcome. 'Thero, go your ways, child. What doos an old fellow liko mo do lingering over those * endearing young charms,' — that'show it runs, isn't it f' ' The letter can wait,' said Euth, placing it in her pookot. ' Toll mo something of Claud yourself. I do hopo ho has succoodod in impressing you moro favourably.' ?' H'm, -well,' replied her fnthor, ' it is pos sible I should havo returned earlier only for tho importunitios of that young rnsoal ? that ? ' : ' Unfortunate follow,' intomip ted Euth, a faint shadow overspreading her bright faco and a bright tromonr quiyoring for a moment ahout tho corner of her lips. 'I know what you would say. Then my poor, holpless cousin has . not improved his position in tho interval ?' '?I found him in very oommon and miserablo quarters, and thoroughly oallous both ns to tho present und tho future 'Poor follow,' Bighed Euth, compassion ately. 'But don't you think, papa, it is all moro his unhappy fortuno than his fault that ?tilings aro so bad with him? Don't you think, that if wo could induoo him to quit his bad companions and como away — say oven up hora —for a fow wooks.or montliB, that thoir in fluence over him might wane, and ho would become himself and show those better parts I'm sure ho has ?' '. ' Tho same hopo suggested itself to mo, and co I have invited Claud to spend the Christmas here, and we'll givo him tho ohanoo.' 'I'm very glad of that, and we must try and make his stay so pleasant that he will be anxious to extend it. It is bo good of you to do flue. u ? ' Tut; tut, ' ' ropliod tho father. ' ' Thoi'Oj that will do, that will do. Ho shall havo tho ohanoo, but I scarcely hopo for good results. But mark, me, Euth, I givo him no moro monoy, and , if you intercodo for him in that respect wp will quarrel. I'vo spent nlittlo forhuio on him as it ia, and he's no bettor olf, nor over will bo till ho earns monoy for him self. Now, we'll say no moro about it for tho present.' He thon went away into tho house. Left to herself, Euth oponod her lottor and eagerly perused its contents. Claud, with all his fault3 and all Iiia way wardness, had always been a favourite of his cousin, and from boy and girl sweethearts thoy had becomo lovers, and this letter was a paB sionate avowal of his adoration,' an expression of his fixed determination to prove moro worthy of ? tho prizo he sought. Euth was not uu conecious of her cousin's manifold short comings, bnt sho had schooled herself to seo something bettor uudorlying what sho thought tho folly of youth, and hold it up boforo hereolf as her duty to develop that and eradicate the traces of a worso nature. Sho loved her cousin, too, dovotedly, and spoko her honest conviction when sho said sho expected change of scones, companionship, occupations, and as sociations to win her wayward lover's recla mation. It wiib, therefore, with unfoigned warmth of feeling that she found horsolf a fow minutes later seated at her desk inditing a few lines to Claud, cordially endorsing her father's invita tion, telling him how dolighted she woidd bo to have him at the homestead, and concluding with the most fervent and. heartfelt wishes for his welfare and happiness, promising at the earne tiino to enjoy herself in promoting it. Chapter II.— Allegro. We rest— a dream lias power to poison sleep ; 'We rise— one wandering thouglitpollutes the day. — Shelley. A dingy apartment in a small houeo in a scarcely roputablo part of Sydney is whoro Claud Clayton haB sought to hide hia sorrow and his shame. Here with a boon companion, Ned Wrighton, no better than himsolf, sur rounded by oppressive signs of pecuniary un healthincss, weighed down by tho worries and anxieties of fighting desperately for lifo itself, and not altogether free from police surveillance, wo find his uncle' b observations moro than justified. Claud had always been moro or less a black sheep. His parents died when he was young and left Mm a fair competence, but this in wild companionship and ruinous oxcessea was squandered rapidly, and then, unfit for earnest work, ho took to living as best ho could. He had tried many avocations, but for all un steadiness unsuited him, and now he earned a precarious livelihood by various triokorieB, from doubtful speculations with borrowed money to billiard-marking and making ' little bookB.' Yet, although not fortune's favourite, ho had never been entirely deserted, and ho had had some remarkable escapes from punishment for shady practices. Ho had often feared ' the game was up,' but had never thrown down the curds, and somehow always managed to ' scrape through.' And upon tMs he prided himself not a little. While tho events narrated in the foregoing chapter were taking place in tho distant bush, Claud, close-pressed and desperate, an he Btretehed himself upon the rickotty sofa in his dull room, was torturing Ms cloudy ^mlng for somo now echemg to earn a meal. ' At length arousing hijriself, he jumpod up with a. violent outh, and striding to tho mantlopico, took down an old clay pipe, and lighting it, watohed the rising fumes of dark, rank smoke. His nervous fingers passed through Mb hair, and then pulled at his straggling, unkempt beard. 'Bah! Why not?' ho suid. 'Many a better man than I has run tho risk and bagged the prize without a harm ; and I havo no end of luck in such adventures, too. I'll do it — at tho worst I can but fail, and whether tho end oomes now or later, what's the odds ? But I must straighten up a bit,' he continued, and, looking up to tho cracked mirror, survoyed himself with scarcely a complacent expression. 'Thoso bleary eyes and hollow cheeks, that wild beard and rough, untidy head won't suit that game. I wonder how I'd looked sham pooed and shaved, and after a thorough good blow out ! I wouldn't know myself, I reckon, and Ned would cut nio as a blooming swell. All, Ned, I wonder where tho dovil he's trot to. Ho must bo in this, too, I s'pose, or all tho fat'll bo in tho fire. By Jove ! but it's a desperate card to play,' and ho puffed vigour ously at tho pipe, filling tho room with its rank odour. While thus engaged a thin, emaciated, slip shod man, some 30 years of age, attired iu a long, close-buttoned, frock coat, which had been black in former years, but now was a dingy green, and variegated at that, and baggy trousers of very undecided huo, and a tall hut, kept glossy by the aid of much water and hard rubbing, entered tho room. Claud, engrossed with his not too pleasant thoughts, hud not heard the other's approach. ' Got 'em again, eh, pal? ' asked tho now comor, iu a hoarse whisper which told of con sumption as plainly us his sunken eyes und livid faco. 'Got what?' shouted Claud, turning an grily. ' Oh, it's you, Ned, is itP Don't you know better than to come creeping and crawling up to a nervous fellow like that, and frighten ing him moro than enough i' ' Got tho blues, ehf' ' Yes, Ned, devilish bud. What havo you done to-day?' ' Six and eightpeuoe — just a lawj-or's foo — for swearing an alibi.' ' Good on you, boy. What have you brought?' ' The comforter, old follow,' repliod ths other, and he placed a bottle of old torn upon the table. ' Givo's tho knife,' and in a moment tho top was off and u largo doso of tho liquor pourod for each into two cracked cups. Both partook in silence of tho gin. 'Ned,' said Claud, after a pause, during which tho men calmly watched each other through tho clouds of smoke from their united pipes. 'Ned, this time tho game is up unless something desperate is done. And I'm on for doing it.' 'Yes, times haven't been much duller,' croaked tho other, 'and there's nothing but rery black clouds ahead and overhead. The uncle's fiver wasn't much good — leastwayj,' it was good as far as it wont, bnt that wasn't far.' 'No; only around tho comer. Too many other uncles ahout.' ' ? ' Yes ; and I saw old Nick in William streot just now, and he's turning crusty, and when Nicholas. Harowiteh turns rough he's a rare snorter, you know.' ' ' What does ho threaten now ? ' ' 'Only tliis : that unloss wo tako up the note — tho forged ono, you know ? ' ' Hang it, man, speak low ! ' ' What's tho difference ? You don't ulnw bobbies in tho cupboard, do youP . Well, unless tlit! ? it's took up within a month, or we make it worth Mb while to keep quiet, he'll present it with his best 'compliments to Inspector An dorson, and wo aim take. our ohanco.' 'Curse him! ' . . -?..?. 'Toko some comfort, Claud. It's a hard knook, I know, but it's got to come some day.' 'Not if I live long enough — or die soon enough, for tlmt matter,' said Claud, 'filling Ms oup, and emptying it at a gulp. ' ' Then I must do it, and I shall, too,' ho added j and jumping from his seat, ho paced tho narrow room liko a eaged tiger. His bloodshot eyes seemed starting from his head, and his brow contracted into a fierco frown. Then ooming to tho table, ho brought his fist down on it with a violent bang, and leaning over, he hisBed in his companion's ear, ' I'm going for my uncle Goorgo, Nod — that's my soheme.' 'What do. you mean,' oroakod th« other, starting to his feet, 'not murder?' ' Hush, you fool !' shouted Olaud. 'A -terrible acoident at the very worst. Shut up, and listen.' ' Havo some comfort, Claud, and don't out up so rusty.' Both man resumed their teats. Tho night was closing1 in and th* room m dark but for the dim light whioh crept in through the dusty window from a lamp the other eido tho street. ' Let*B have a candle, eh r' 'No, Nod, no. I feel I hate the light. Look hero, my cousin Euth — how pretty that namo is here, like a violet in a forgotten corner — well, Until believes in mo — I don't know why, excopfc that purity shcdi it* glamour over oven tilings impure, and rofloots a portion of ita radianeo there ; and I will not say suo'h alto gotlicr wrong, but that's not to tho purpose now. Well, Euth has got tho notion I am bettor than I am. Through hor my undo, as you know, has frionded mo a host of timos, and kept mo in less hot water than might else havo been tho coso. Sho can do as sho will with him, and with hor holp I think wo oan steer out of this infernal moss. If I can got her to muk* my uncle clear me this time I'll take a plaue upon his station — groom, rousoabout, any thing—and try the honeBt tickot properly. Tho bill we put tho old man's name to is ouly a matter of 200 notes, a fleabite to my wealthy relative, and my future good '11 be cheaply bought at that.' ' Bnt ho takes earo of his own, does your uncle Georgo, and should your pretty cousin fail, what then, eh?' asked Ned, in Mb hoarsest whisper. 'Tail! Then leave the rest to mo,' and thero flashed from hid eyei a look that fright ened even Mb companion, accustomed though ho was to such ligns of desperate determina tion. ? 'Tho other day, you know, he asked me to spond the Christmas with him at his place, and now I think I'll go.' '?'But what of mo?' queried Ned. 'You ain't agoing to leave me here all by myself to face Old Nick alone P' ? 'Why not? You oan keep him quiet -while I do tho trick.' ' ' Not good enough, old pal, not good enough by half. You mean fair enough, no doubt, but suppose you get a virtuous fit all of a sudden away in tho far back blocks and chuck me over, oh? What should I do, left to the tendor mercies of that greedy cormorant, and all of your misdeeds besides my own upon my head ? No, Claud, if you go, I go too, and, if needs bo, we'll come tho honest dodgo in partnership. I love you fur too well to part bo sudden, don't yer know.' 'Your being near will spoil tho game,' replied Claud somewhat testily, ' and thoy will BiiBpect a trick at onco.' ' They need not know me at all. Let me go with you and take sorvioo as a farm hand, any thing — you can do tho lah-di-dah in tho* draw ing-room, and I'll feed my flocks upon the mountain side. How blooming romantic that would be! But go I nrast. Lor' bless you, Claud, I couldn't live away from yon ; it's a case of the Siamese twins all over again— or a real live illustration of the motto of the Widows und Orphans' Fund, ' together we stand, divided wo fall,' yon know.' And the shrivelled-up little mortal laughed till ho brought on a pro longed fit of racking coughing. ' It's quite out of the question, Ned. I've made up my mind to go alone, and all that yon could say or do won'talter my determination.' 'We'll see about that,' answered Ned, and in the dim light Ms pinched features seemed to grow more cadaverous, and an ugly look came into Ms little restless eyes. 'We'll see about that!' 'Don't be unreasonable, Nod. I'll net flquaro with you, and what I do is really for tho best. Besides, it is our only chance.' ' Onco for all, will you let mo go with you P ' 'No, I won't. Thero, that's flat and settled.' ' Then look out ! I'm not such a fool as to trust you far, and by heaven! you shan't double on mo ! ' ' ^VLy, you little sM'imp, you can't hurt me without bruising yourself. I don't fear you in the least. You'd better trust me, and I'll pull tilings through for both.' 'Trust you!' laughed tho othor, 'not much ! I'll bo oven with you for thiB. You may look out, that's all.' And taking up his hat Ned bounced out of tho room and into the street. ' Suspicious fool,' mumbled Claud when loft by himself, ' but he's loft tho comforter,' and pouring out another cupful he drank it off, and then throwing himsolf upon tho sofa he soon dosed off into a rcutlcBS slumber. Ned passed along William street through Hydo Park and into South Sydney, and knock ing at a door (surmounted by a eign familiar to nil impecunious souls) in a house standing back from a small by-street, ho was admitted by a stout, foreign looking ninn in his shirt .sleeves, with a swarthy face and little rings in his ears. ? ' Vot, Mishter Wrighton,' he exclaimed in thick guttural tones, ' ' vots your droubles dees dime?' ' Think I'm going to tell my business to the whole street, eh ? Can't you ask a fellow in ?' ' ' Feesness vos it P Aeh zo ! Coom inside, mine vrend und velcoam.' And ho led tho way along n dark passage to a little room, ill lighted by a shaded lump. ' Christeena, mine teer, ve's got some lcodle pcesuess, mo und heem, zo ? ' and ho volubly gurgled a sontenco in German, whoroupon a portly female waddled from the apartment. Seating themselves on either side of the table, Ned, addressing his companion, who is no other than the ' Old Nick' before alluded to, said :— ' I've just had a bit of a talk with Claud Clayton, and have every reason to believe he'» going to play us a trick and make off. He's going up to liis uncle's station, and I want to go and watch him there.' ' Don't you vas deenlc ho goes to get dev monoy s do rotiro dot heel ? Not zo ?' 'liven eo, he'd clear with it uud leave us in the lurch.' 'Vot's dor matter ouf dot, so vo'ii got dor docyment— vo keeps dot heel onteol vo, und not he only, vas got eomo moneys for it, zo !' 'But don't you boo, ho'll confess theforgory, turn penitent, then honest, und clear out to foreign parts, whilo wo cun whistle for our share.' 'Aeh! Gott in Himmel! Vot a droek vas dot !' ' ' Wo mutt stop him, Nicholas.' ' Did you havo got any blans brobared ?' ' If I go with him — or after him, because ho won't let me accompany him— I havo enough of power left to get tho money and keep him with us still. What I want you to do ia to givo, or lend me funds enough to carry the projeot through. It's our only chance.' ' Veil, Toll, veil ! Shust dconk of dot now — but it vus a sourvy droek to blay on vrends liko us.' 'Well, will you do it?' ' I vill duko me dimes to deouk. Meanvhilo you looks apout und find out von ho (Iconics ho goes, und maype I vas join der burty to, inine ?elf, zo.' ' Agreed,' said Ned. ' Good night.' 'Gutonacht.' ? Ned was soon in tho stroot ugam, and hailing a passing omnibus, was whirled homo, where, congratulating himsolf upon having circum vented a trenchorous friend and 'gained indefi nite respite from an importunate ono, ho passed a pleaiunter night than ho had dono for months. Chatteii III. — Andante. In all the world there is no vlco Less jirone to excess than avarice ; It neither enre» tor food nor clotlilnc : Nature's content with little, that with nothing. — BUTLEli. As they Bay on tho playbills, a month is supposed to havo elapsed botweou tho first act of our little drama and tho second, tho ovonts of which are now about to bo recorded. It was then' November, and now Christmas is vory closo at hand. During tho interval Claud has made his way to his undo' 6 station, but not before his old companion's coldness and certain suspicious intercommunings betweon that thriftless mortal and tho rapacious Nioholus had set Mm wondering, with no litUo concorn, what they had in view. Ned had declined to extend his confidence to his bosom friend, and Claud know enough of both to fool that the undue f nmiliarity between Ned and tho monoy lender boded himself no good. But both had refused to confido in him, and ho left Sydney filled with vuguo fears and ominous fore bodings. No further reference hud boon mado to tho promissory-note, and Claud shrowdly suspected that tlmt vory silence was ominous of harm. From the effects of strict abstemiousness, hotter living, attention to his attiro, and somo minor details, tho Claud at Cluyton'B' homo presented n very different figure to that wo have found olsowhoro, and drowning his sor rows by hearty participation in tho onjoymonts and excitements tho station life afforded him, his brow grew calmer, his demeanour oasier and freer from restraint, and ho soon booamo as jolly irad good-natured us uny member of tho happy family group ut Wosterndolo. More over, his causo prospered with Ruth, and under her influence he seemed daily creeping higher out of tho dough wherein ho had hidden Mm telf eo long. But it must not bo conclude;! that ho could complacently banish all liis troubles. Many a time the laugh would dio upon his lips aa his thoughts reverted to tho possible Bchomings of his formor mate, and that promissory- note haunted him like an evil shadow. Should it by any moanB fall into his uncle's hands ho knew his case would be for over hopelessly lost. Ho still intended, as he promised, to 'act squarely' with his old friends, but now it looked less easy a matter than in that dark littlo room where with hot liquor coursing through his heart and blazing in his head he had whispered his desperate soheme. HcBitatingly to Ruth ho had broached the subject of gaining Borne pecuniary assistance from liis uncle, but even to her no dared not toll tho truth nor suggest tho full oxtent of his difficulties. Euth had dono what she could, but in face of her father's warning and admo nition that was not very much. Ono day Euth had gono for a ride, and after luncheon, whilo the elder man sat onioy ing Ms cigar in tho untidy littlo room wliioh ho called, with persistent inappropriatencss, Ms snuggery, Claud obtruded himself, and claimed his relative's attention. 'Ah, that's right, como and havo a chat, Claud. Tako a weed. You don't seom very lively, though. What's wrong now? A dun fromSydnoy, eh?' ' Well, not quite, uncle,' itammered Claud, nervously. ' Glad of that, lad, for I saw a very doubtful charaoter on the road here this morning.' 'A stranger!' gasped Claud, his dread of coming evil dashing every spark of colour from his face. ' ' What was ho liko ?' ' ' Stout, dark, foreign-looking, grizzly beard.' 'H'm,' thought Claud; 'old Nick, for a thousand ! Early on my track, and I havo no timo to lose. Tho fact of tho matter is, undo,' ' ho continued aloud, ' I am a little hard pressed for money.' ? ?? ? 'The old story,' (-aid his uncle; 'that's one of tho contradictions of lifo. A man of Ioobo habits in always hard-pressed. To what tune, eh?' ' Only £200, uncle,' answered Claud, with a desperate offbrt. 'Two hundred devils!' roared the oilier, rising abruptly to Mb feet, and throwing his unfinished oigar violently into the grate. 'D'ye think I'm a gold minoP Fifty one day, a hundred another, and now, with all tho cool ness of an eastern despot to a trembling chan cellor, you say ' only two hundred pounds, uncle !' Ecod ! sir, do you think I'm made of money, and that you have only to chip off chunks just as you may want 'em f Two hundred pounds — for what, pray P What have you to show for it — a, ruined life, a blasted character, a shattered physique, and — and, ? it, I have no patience with spendthrifts. What folly is it for this time, eh ?' 'A bill ? ' ' What, dabbling in paper — and the usurers, oh? Two hundred per cent. I s'poso for a pound obtained in a needy hour. A bill, in deed? You needn't come to mo to feed those greedy cormorants.' ' This is tho very last of all my liabilities,' urged Claud, 'and I am willing to work hero on tho station until I pay the money back, and not return to Sydney again. But this bill must bo met, or I shall be arrested.' 'So tho foreigner's a detective. I'vo heard they're sharp ones, and they've dogged you down at lust.' 'Not exactly that — but— but I can't ex plain all to you — eomo other tune I'll tell you tho whole truth. On my soul I will if you will givo mo this last chance.' ' Two hundred pounds, indeed ! How do I know but, should you get that you'll clear off to town, and go on unotlier wild career until the timo arrives for spinning such another cock-and-bull yarn. I won't do it. I won't give it, so let your friends do as they will. But if I find 'em hanging round my placo I'll have them up ns trespassers. As for you — I'm disgusted with you, and I don't care if you go away to-morrow and I never seo you again. Two hundred pounds, indeed ! Liko ladling out a pannikin of water. Two hundred pounds. Go and work for it — cam it — honestly if you can — I've done with you.' ' But uncle^ ? ' ' Go, I tell you ; leavo tho room, I. say. I've done with you. Two hundred pounds, indeed ! ' Claud knew liis uncle sufficiently well to feel that further parleying was Svoreo than useless iu hia pretent frame of mind, and with a muttered exclamation of disappointment and resentment ho crept from tho apartment, and a fow minutes later his uncle passed through the open window out into tho garden. Nicholas Harowiteh, whom Clayton had that morning passed upon the road, had boon an unobserved spectator, of most of this scene. On his way to tho house ho had hoard tho sound of angry voices in tliis room, and, secreting him self behind a largo ucuciu bush hard by, ho hud heard tho greater part of what had transpired between undo and nephew. When Georgo Clayton left tho room ho entered it by the still open window, which ho closed behind him. 'Zo, zo!' he said, 'a row between dosh duo. I cun Bhpeculuto upon der course. It tub nboudt dot leedlo beel owf mino, I doenks. Und dot means dot I moost inindt mino own poorness qveek. Der old man tiuiis him chrunty und I deonks ve might go veostle for our moneys by do honest Bchstyle. Shust let me looks aboudt mo — owf nomo vou ooiuns, I'vo got mo nn oxcuse do zee dor onde, in deeser little peece of paper, zo.' Then turning to tho table Nicholas moved about tho papers thereupon, and among them found un unfinished letter. 'Vot's doesof 1 Shcntlemcu, do machinery arrifed all righdt and in payment of your account horewith plenso find a sheck for £300 ' — Acb, Gott in Himmel, vot a vindfall !' . ho exclaimed excitedly. ' Vhero's dot, vhero's dot?' and hurriedly rummaging among tho papers ho pulled out a small drawer aud then produced a cheque-book containing- a loose cheque for tho amount mentioned, duly signed and foldod up ready for enclosure in tho envelope. Hustily placing it in his pocket, Nicholas opened tho window and silently passed out on to tho veranda and into the garden, creeping bohind tho bushes until ho was well clear or tho house, and thon emerged boldly into the open path and »o into the rond. . A vigorous walk had somewhat calmed Mr. Clayton's perturbed spirit, and whon un hour later ho returned towurds tho house ho was in a moro umiablo mood, though no loss fixed in the determination ho liud arrived at with regard to Claud. Uuluokily that helplcs3 individual wus tho first whom ho encountered as ho reached tho veranda. Claud wus coining from tho direction of tho snuggery when tho two men mot. ' I was seeking you,' he said, ' to mako ono last appeal.' ' Then spnro your breath. My mind is mado up.' ' If you don't yield and holp mo now, I must do something desporato.' 'Do it,' was tho laconic roply, and without another word Clayton proceeded on Ms way to his room. 'Hard-hearted skinflint!' muttered Claud, walking away. Ho had not gono far whon tho servant, meeting him, handed him a lottor, saying it had been loft not long boforo by ono of tho boundary riders, ho supposed. Opening it, Claud read as follows : ' This is, for old times' sake, to givo you a last chance. Unlof s you bring somo niouoy to Craig's Mill to-night, wo interview tho governor in tho morning, and thon you know, tho consequences. Edmund Wrighton. P.S.— Bettor stiok to us, wo'vo got tho whip end, you know.' ' ' Cuteo him ! Such an incident would bo most unlucky now,' ho oxolaimod. ' Craig's Mill, oh? what a rat trap of a jilaco to tako shelter in. I'll go and boo him, though — needs must whon I can't holp mysolf, and whon Old Niok is in it, too.' Going to tho stables ho told Bob, tlia groom, to saddle a horso for him. 'Goin' fur, sir?' 'No, why P' ' 'Cos it's wery blook, sir, overhead, and we'll have a storm here 'fore wory long.' 'Think so?' ? 'Sure on't. And Miss Euth ishout, and she'll he cotehed in it, sure'n eggs.' ' I'll just take a spin as far as Craig's old mill and back, and then look out for Miss Euth.'. ' I wouldn't bo long if I was you, bit.' , But Claud had already dashod out of the - ard, and was careering over the rond. | Georgo Clayton had not returned to hia room long and resumed liis scat, when his eye caught tho unfinished letter on the table. ' By Jovo ! that confounded rascal clean drovo that- mutter from my head. Havo I timo to catch tbo mail to-night ? ' He rung tho boll, and tho house maid entered. '11m tho mailbug gone yet, Jenny?' 'No, sir; Jim is saddling up to tako it now.' ' Well, toll him I've a letter, and to wait for it if thero is time.' 'Yes, sir.' And tho girl withdrow. Clayton finished the letter and addressed tho envelope, and opening the drawer, took out his cheque-book. 'Dear mo!' ho exclaimed, ' I'll swear I drew that cheque, but it's not hero. Yes, hero's the butt and the correspond ing number's gono. By Jovo ! ' ho continued, jumping to Mb feet; 'I see it now — Claud — coming from here — something desperate — byall that's bad, he's stolen the money, and mado off. Here, Bob, Bob, Bob ! ' Ho wont at onco to the stabies, and meeting Ms groom, asked if he had seen Claud. ' Yes, Bir ; he's took Bess andgonoforaride.' ' How long ago ? ' ' Short of an hour, bit.' 'Do you know which way he wont ? ' ' He said, ' Towards tho mill.' ' ' Get mo Archer out at once, and then saddle Miokey and como after me with all tho speed you can.' And in a few minutes George Clayton was on Ms way to Craig's old mill. To he continued in to-morrow's issue. 