UNDER ARMS: A TALE OF LOVE AND ADVENTURE. Bt HEOTOE A. BTtTABT. ? ? ? - ? (OoHTEfnrzD.) In this'distress we could do nothing ]-ttt twpnmanH ourselves to Providence, and let ike ship drive eren as the -wind and wares jmpf»11fld her. At the end of the thir teenth day the storm lolled a little, and the olonds breaking allowed a glimpse of the Btm. We then found to our concern that we had reached the vicinity of the lonely island of Santelmo, bo named by Quiros. This was, indeed, a prodigious way out of our course, and as our shift was greatly strained, nay, leaking seriously, it became a question of concern whether we should bear away for the rendezvous at Panama or list the ship down in some nearer place, and mend her injuries enough to insure our prosecuting the voyage with some degree of safety. This matter was debated earnestly by the captain and his officers, butat length the latter plan prevailed. Orders were accordingly given for a change pf course, the storm now beinggreatly calmed and allowing us to stand away towards the islands of the South Seas, among which we did not doubt of finding a place suited to pur purpose. It was several days, however, before we chanced upon a land. In the meantime I must say something of our captain, as he exercised a powerful influence on my future career. He was a Northum brian, ft man of great courage, and long experience on the sea. He had seen hard ?ervice, and had fought battles, from all of which he emerged with distinction. But though a brave man, he was not endowed with great powers of thought. He was a man of action, but not of intellect} his courage was strong, but his mind was weak, therefore he was at the mercy of every man intellectually stronger than himself. This .will explain his his subsequent conduct and if it cannot ex tenuate will throw a veil over his many crimes, soften his fall, and mitigate his degra dation. Of these hereafter. Nine days had passed, and no sign of land was visible, when as we were beginning to indulge in serious misgivings, our man aloft told, us he saw a blue streak on the north-west horizon, which he made no doubt was the Bhore of some island. Recourse was had to the charts, but they proved nothing. The land, if such it ?was, had never yet been honored by the hydrographer's attention. This, however, was a circumstance of little moment, for in those days the southern seas were but im perfectly explored — many, even of the larger n-nri more important islands being compara ively unknown. A sharp lookout was, however, ordered; and all hands crowded on deck to catch a glimpse of the distant streak, which was soon pro nounced kind ; though as it lay remote no knowledge could be gained of its character. About noonday, however, it was fairly seen, and we then saw that it was a small, steep but not mountainous island, being, in short, like many of the islands in these seaa, of a coral formation. The particular nature of the island did not so much concern us as the question whether it afforded a fit place for our purpose, which, as I have said, was to heave our ship down so we could cure her leaks and render her fit to proceed upon her voyage. In this we were happily favored, for rounding a long spit which (^retched out in a westerly direction, we came upon a little cove or bight sheltered from the wind, the sea smooth and bounded by a beach of white sand, covered with shells, strange in shape and tinged with all the colors of the rainbow. Into this seques tered cove we thrust our ship ; but the night ftMi-ng, came to anchor, wearied with our long, struggle with the tempest, but thankful for the rest into which we had so fortunately alighted. The night passed without alarm, and by sunrise we were up and busy at our labors, i:or we had first to lighten the ship before we could careen her enough to come at the leaks. In the meantime, our captain, who was called Gaunt, was anxious to go ashore to learn something of the character of the place, but chiefly to know whether it was inhabited or not, and if inhabited what the nature of the people, whether peaceable or warlike ; all matters of grave import' to men in. our circum stances. Accordingly, after breakfast, the launch was lowered, and Captain Gaunt, attended by twenty stout lads, went away from the ship, landing on the beach about three furlongs from the inner neck of the spit I have mentioned. From here they pushed inland, and ascending an eminence a short distance from the beach, commanded a fair prospect of all that - part of the i island. They found it fertile, abounding in all manner of tropic fruits, trees, and vegetation, well watered by several clear brooks, one of which fell over a ledge of rock in an unbroken cascade, filling the glen .withVa souna, resembling distant thunder. Beyond this cascade U long verdant savana sloped gradually toward the sea, studded here and there with a tall, feathery palm, whose leaves rustling in the wind^emitted a wild music in keeping with the rc&antic; character of the landscape. At the farther extremity of the eavana, a lbffcy eminence intercepted the. sights pierced on one side by- a deep fissure or rather arch which, wo supposed to be the entrance to a care or hollow in the hillock. It proved as we supposed. Going thither we were wpw'^ to find a cave of marvellous extent, perfectly ^Ti and covered on the ground with a thin crust of sand, clear as crystal and without the least taint of moisture ? This sand had evidently fallen from the roof and sides of the cave, which were hung with stalactites of the same character as the sand, but chiselled by the hand of nature into a thousand fantastic forms. Some looked like castles, others like men in armor, «ndjt-thers again like groups of trees, rows of buildings*; in short, almost everything known to man seemed to be represented in the mimic laboratory where nature through a long course of time had fashioned this fa&iasEkj; 'arid wonderful handiwork. Having carefully explored the cave, with which we were grea%pleased,jwe xnadeacompassto the south-east, andpassing leisurely over a luxuriant country, thickly wooded, turned homeward, or ratibv toward our boat, which we reached about sundown, and ftnw^ifffray pulled aboard the ship, tdoeedingly inverted %r our jour ney, but wearied to the last degree. That which pleased us mos^ however, was find ing no feaees of inhabitants, at- we could sow rest securely and prosecute our labors at leisure, instead of as we apprehended, at the first, being compelled to work like the builders of Jerusalem, with arms in one hand and implements of labor in the other. The next day we set to work, and getting out most of- the heavy things in the ship laid them ashore under cover of a huge tent made of a spare maintopsail, which we set np to cover them from lie weather. This -tent was placed under the charge of Ben Migdol, the boatswain, who had with him a dozen stout seamen armed as well as they could wish, and who had orders to be alert and to shoot any one who might approach unless connected with the ship. This precaution was considered useless at the time, for we believed the island unin habited. Our captain, however, was re Eolved to be prepared for all emergencies, and, as it afterward fell out, his caution was not ..altogether misplaced. All went on fltnoothly for ten days, by the end of which time we had nearly completed the repairs on bur ship; the leaks were healed,- and we were employed in getting her guns and lading.; into their places. Chapter LL— ^Dangee at .Hard. - There is sometimes a mysterious ap- prehension in the mind, when great events are ' approaching, w£ich. 6eems lite the burthen.of prophecy. It was the night of the tenth day of our sojourn on this island, when I lying ashore in the tent found myself restless. I know not what 'was the occasion, but on this night I was unable to compose myself in slumber. I could not Bleep. I lay awake in my hammock, while a thousand thoughts whirled through my brain. Pictures of fantastic drape, .rolled before me in the most \Svid coloring. I saw myself engaged in battles with Bavages, from which I emerged covered with blood and fainting from exertion. These sanguinary pictures contained so long, and became so life-like* that ;I found it impos sible to compose my thoughts. I resolved to go out, hoping that a tarn in the fresh air would soften the tumult c£ my imagination. With that I got up; but making some noise in descending from my hammook, awoke the boatswain. ' What ho,' said he, ' abroad thiB time o' night?' 'Ay,' replied I, answering his hail; and in a few words told him.; how it had been with me. ' That is strange, mate/ was his answer ; ' Such things are not to«be despised. You have had a warning, and it behoves you to give heed to it. Hie abroad, and let me go with you, and if there is nothing wrong I will tell you a story to prove the truth of my impression.' . Saying this, he threw on his watch, coat, and without more ado we set out from the tent. As we reached the open air, a dog belonging to the ship, but chained near the tent, uttered a low how], which startled us both, but particularly the mats, who was a very superstitious man. ' D'ye hear that J' cried he, grasping my arm and pointing to the dog, 'there's danger in the air; yon cur scents it, and whines to give us warning.' I laughed, 'but not knowing what answer to make, was silent ; and leaving the boats wain to narrate his story, which was full of presentiments, ghosts, and disembodied spirits, I walked on in silence, my mind filled with tumultuous thoughts. As we advanced, a softer feeling stole over me, induced probably by the novelty of the change and the calm tenor of . the hour. . The night was starlight, the air temperate and pungent with the odorB of a thousand aromatic ' herbs. We walked on steadily, the boatswain talking and I listening for about, an hour, when a sound of. voices ..seemed, io. float upon the air, though bo subdued as to be almost in audible. We paused. ' I say mate,' said the boatswain, 'did you not hear a strange mnrmarin the air just now?' ' I did,' was my answer; *and there it is again. It is a sound of voices, though whether human or ghostly, I cannot tell/ ' They are strange sounds,' said the boat swain, half alarmed, ' and like -enough come from evil spirits. Do you know what, I begin to think this island is enchanted.' 'Why?' . . ' ' Because ? but, egad, mate, there are the sounds again. Let ns get back to the ship as fast as we can, or we shall be mur dered.' The boatswain made a movement as if to carry out his suggestion. „ ' Hold,' said I, ' let us go to the top of this hill and see if we cannot learn more of the matter. The sounds are strange enough; but I think they are more human than otherwise.' The boatswain, whose superstition made h'n timid, was averse to this ; but seeing' I was resolved he agreed to follow, so we went up the hill together. This was the same hiU of which I have spoken as rising near - the inne^ .neok of the spit, and overlooking » wide ^extent of country, in particular, a savana that stretched down to the sea. from the top df^ihis hill, we had a dear prospect of all that part of the island, even to the beech ; and imagine our surprise when we saw a fire Mndled en the, shore and a multitude of naked figures dancing about the bla^.iaming their motions with unearthly criea. y.\ , 'Holloa !r cried the boatswain, as he set his eyes on the strange spectacle,* ''tis a- I said, mate, danger itfAthand. What had we better do ?'„. 'Hasten back and raise our fellows. There may benO harm in those blacks yonder ;*bnt we may as Well be ready to give them a hot welcome should they, feel inclined to trouble us with their company.' .' Even so, mate j away at once.' We turned and retaraced our steps. Ton maybe sore wa lost no lime in reaching dor camp, where wb at once spread the alarm, which was soon communicated, to the ship. -We found the captain talcing hk midnight walk, and lost no time in fa*H'*g*|-^tn of the alarming discovery we had made. Us was surprised, *s he supposed toe suand ?un- peopled, but- immediately - -gave [orders for a large body of I&e; crew to get under arms, and hand - ' jwith «fl dtfigexiSfe, as ne haE r©solvaajki^pirj^1Cbrjrard-^nd|eara somethingjOEc1lhe intention jof the savatres. in about an Ikour three coat- crews, in all, fi%-twotte^ landed on tb» beach; and with the capfemat '^heir IreaS, pushed toward the Trillock: * ? . ^,, - j ' ~ We reached fliere In leas -?me than ordi nary, for we made wiat mWhtbo called a forced march, and gaining iw summit, saw the fire Stall a%nt and the natives or wild men dancing round it and nttsring the same strange cries as when Mrgilfjif- and myself first coScovered them. -Our men *w«re wpn derfuliy impressed at this ja^^ and like rough hewn tarpaulins, alive feradventurek were for going up to fl^i savages feeling confident they could' take care of themselves, and indeed ia$her ^esiroQS than otherwise of altttle exox&ag; Work; but the captain would not allow 4hexcu He, however, agreed to send out scouts, sand accordingly selected three -anfulioten who went away on their errand. '. Tiffly were gone an hour and retunoed-'wi&Btarflmg; intelligence. They had been among the sayages, whom they described as men of wadgce aspfect, tali and muscular, armed 'with barbario wea pons, some of them such as they had never seen before. . These savages appeared congregated for the celebraQdn ot some festival- — a war feast our own men conjec tured— 4hey were very merry,- dancing in rings around the fire, keeping time to their motions with a series of crier so ' shrill and weird, as to sound more like voices from the realms of woe than mere human articu lations. Our spies told us, moreover, they had seen a number of prisoners bound aiid lying on the ground, apparently waiting execution; that one was killed -while they were there, being tied to a postonthe beach and shot to death with arrows. '-''-? But .what mostly concerned na ? in ; their venture, was the discovery of two white prisoners whom they found lying- near a canoe close by the sea, pinioned like the others, and, like thjsmy ap parently condemned to death. One of these white prisoners was a man well advanced in. years as near as our men could judge; but as he lay a HUle in shadow, they could not tell exactly ; the other was a young girl who, as she lay almost naked, and not far from the fire, was ' observed to be of surpassing beauty, a circumstance which did not fail to -enhance our interest in her behalf. The notions which this in telligence put into our heads were wild enough ; and if we at first were bent on going among the savages from mere wish of adventure, we were triply so now that two white persons, mayhap countrymen of our own, were at the mercy of these wretches and in immediate expectation of falling by their hands. Our captain, too, shared in the general wish, and, seeing his men clamorous to be led against the barbarians, gave the word to march; so we set forward as fast as we could in the direction of the enemy. I have described the character of the country —a long savana sloping to the sea, broken here and. there by .groups of palms j at one end a hillock witna cave at the base, a wide stretch of beach on which the savages had kindled their fire. We moved forward in silence, and, cross ing the upper or north-east end of the savana, reached the cave without being discovered, though straggling parties of savages were roaming about the country gathering, as we by chance discovered, brush and lightwood to supply the fire, which we saw was exceedingly large; and, the wood being dry and tradrons, burned with surprising brilliancy. We had scarce taken post in the cave, and were telling off into three bands, when a huge black chanced along, bearing a load of brambles on his back. He passed so close to the cave that he saw us, for we stood near its mouth. : Uttering a peculiar: cry, he dropped his burden and took to bis heels. . Our. captain called to Hi™ to stop ; but he only fled the faster, whereupon one of our men with more haste than discretion gave him a bullet from his musket. He ran a few paces, fell, and after a brief struggle laid dead upon the ground. 'The eoand-of the musket, which echoed strangely among the hills, filled the savages with surprise, and as it proved, was the means of saving the Eves of the two prisoners, the girl and the white man, for they were in the very act of being dispatched when the shot was fired. The savages thereupon Jeffc their bloody work, and gathering together in a body, stood for a long time confounded at the occurrence. This, however, was un known to us at the time, and our captain could not help censuring the man for his hasty action, as it was his design to have taken the savages by surprise, thus hoping to insure the lives of the prisoners, and to add to the certainty of the attack. As this intention was in a manner frustrated by this mischance, he gave orders to charge the Bavages, dividing us for this purpose into two bodies, one of which was to make a compass round the trill and come between them and their canoes; the other was to advance directly upon them and, firing a volley, close on them with close-quarter weapons. ATI being arranged* we moved forward at the run, or as soldiers call it at the double quick, and, getting within range, gave the savages a volley. They cried but dolefully as the shot rattled amongsttthem; %at being men of courage soon recovered from their panic, and uttering a prolonged yeB, which it seems was their battle shout, drew together in a body, atod returned.Onx. charge with great resolution. The battle now began in -earnest, and for some time raged with varying fortune, for though our, firearms told in our favor, yet the mvages outnum bering us three to one, arid Ireing tall, 'mus cular men, nerved with indomitable courage, and wrought to frenzy by the sudden inter ruption of their rites, fonght wii2i great obstinacy, so -that for a while .the issue:of the conflict was exceedingly doubtful. But for awhile only. 'Our second body, had cleverly got inbefcween the savages and th^ir canoes,' and at onc0 opened a vigorous fusillade upon them, following it; with a charge, which was so lustily made the enemy were completely panic-stricken, and fled in every direction. . {20 BB OQHTUTCKP.) . .\ 