i -- > 1 " '"''MULWALA.1 ' ' VBOU OUB COBBESPONDnNT. ! It id a, matter of 'noteworthy remark that; since the advent'of' Sonior-cbn- 'Stablo Emorton : amongst! coptible change has taken place in the moral tone of onryonngstors. Instead: of dawdling, about the town on Sun days as heretofore they aro carefully collected 'by the worthy officer, and for upwards of an houron tho Sabbath aftoruoon. religious instruction is im parted bv Mr. Emorton and Jus good fady to the young folk on thoir duty to God, to. themselves,, and- to,, their neighbour. This !b certainly tho , way to train up a child, in the way he should go, and . when old age croepB on him ho will not forget tho prin ciples of uprightnoss .that, were > so carefully' instilled into . his . youthful mind. Now it is one thing to commit crime and ho punished fortho offence, another, to prevent, if possible, its. commission. Mr. Emorton has adopted tho lattor coarse, and I sincerely trust , .that he will bo successful. After yoars of patient waiting the Mulwala bridge is ah' accomplished fact. Both Messrs.. Lyno and Hayes watched over it with paternal . solici tude, and no sooner was the item' passed— aye, when it was even oh — these gentlemen wired to Mr. Howard,- secretary of tho Progress. Committee, announcing its successful passage without a division. As a matter 1 of course Mr. Howard, by order of the. committee, r,t once wired to each',' thanking them sincerely for the long- wished for result. It now behoves .the Mulwala Progress Committee i to /stand shoulder to shoulder and (keep .the stone rolling, not to cease in their endeavors' until tenders are called f br, and a beginning made. . . Messrs. Lyno iand Hayes- are, oognisant ' of : the' nbgleoted'eqndition of this hart of the electorate, and are fully determined to assist, by every legal, means to rajse. it above1 its' presont state, providing . the . .committee, .will make , known its' '.wants. , Mulwala, . as: 'you. , are', un doubtedly aware, previous to tbo for- mation of the' Progress Committee' waa scarcely heard of beyond Albury, but nowdtB voice is heard— tell it"riot in Gath, nor proclaim it in tho streets , of (Askalone) Ascalon — from Dan to BeerBheba. It is nearly time. ' Many enquiries are being made hbre of late as to building sites, but' none are available save at' a . figure that would frighten a ghost. The Progress! Committee ! has addressed a second1 letter through its seoretary to the. Minister for. Lands, strongly urging that'; the!tpwh- extension.' "towards the' punt 'may be suryeyed1 into half -acre allotments as promised in a previous letter: from the ; Linds Department.' ! -When this is granted adieu to this epd , ! of Mulwala,' tor 1 know of more than ' forty persons who would' purchase an allotment and build.on it immediately were they only put rup for. sale. ... i 'Wool to theyiflue of £11,666 passed' Over from' Mulwala tb .Yarrawbnga up to 'the1. !22ndinst. v ' What' a haul the punt: ; owner ' must .rnbko! during the': wool seasoh,and now the poor carrier's! purse is diminished thereby. .. I qm informed that the punt receipts' fall very" little short of £60 weekly. Ra|te' in the sbekelsj old- boy, while you can,! qr, the,day(i(f.not.far distant. wheri Ij will standi in the middle of tho bridge calling on all hands to partake of my - hospitality— with: this' prbyiso, that! every man must pay for his; ownV GeneroBity tp the last.; j Thai " logs " is occupied (I uso logs iu a singular sense.) A " drunk " run. in— more: ifor prot'ection thnn : any thing else; i Anticipated result — ten shillings, or twonty-four hours. Fine paid— exit " sober." LogB empty until—' Vale, vale. ' ! 