Echoes from England. I ' ' Bx ** LrrxLE Jons." I ?'. TITB TUR». Lomos, November 27.-What is popularly spoken of ag tho " Hay and Oom Fortnight " began in Derby on Hon* day last. The weather was very cold, and tho frost so heavy that it was feared that a postponement would have to be made. However, a thaw set ha and sport proceeded; The big event of the meeting was tho Chesterfield Nursery Handicap of £1000, whioh fell to that good sportsman and bad politician, Mr. James Lowther, through the aid of Yulo Tido, a colt by Trappist out of Christmas Fare, after a splendid finish with that little wonder, the Fronoh filly Prudence, who ga ve tho winner no less than two stone six, tho weights being 6st 81b and 9st respectively. A veritable wonder is thia Prudence. A pony in stature, she, liko Mr. Tait's old pot, The Barb, seems to ignoro woight alto gether. Like Plaisantorio, sho is by the once despised Wei lingtonia, and M. Lefevre absolutely refused to give £10 for her dam for breeding purposes. Baron Bothschild, her pro sent owner,bought tue bonny little flllyfor a more trifle. On tho second day, thanks to the precautions taken by Mr. Ford, tho clerk of the course, im covering tho traok with straw, a heavy frost did not interfere with sport, and good racing was aeon. A big coup was brought off with tho Irish bred MRIIOW, who waa baoked nil over tho country for the Chatsworth Plato, a handicap of 500 sovs, and actually started nt 7 to 4 in a Hold of nineteen. Tho only animal which had a ghost of a chanco with Mallow waa the apoedy Poarldivor, upon whom Fred Archer dashed off like a flaßh of lightning j but ore throe furlongs of tho six had been traversed little Barrett on Mollow took his measure, and at tho distance had tho race won. Tho ring don't want many such " knocks " as they got over this race j Mr. O'Neill, the ownor of tho winner, being ono of the clover division, who put their "bits" down with a vengeance when "business" is meant. After a long absence from tho turf, Lord Falmouth's popular " magpie" colors were onco moro donned by Fred. Aroher, who rodo Glamor, a wretched animal which Lord Falmouth purchased from C. Archer not long nineo. It is inuoh to bo hoped that beforo long bia lordship will again occupy tho placo which has never boen filled since his retirouient. Tho turf has much need of the activo participation of men of his stamp. Wild Meadow, an Irish bred norse, won tho Badbourno Hunters' Steeplechase in good style, carrying top woight. On Weducsday, Audrassy, a smart con of Van Amburgh, did Mr. Leigh a good turu by winning tho Osmaston Nursory. Ho carried fiat 12lb, and started at 6 to 1 in a Hold of 17, Archer being his pilot. Fast and Looso won tho Dorby Cup of COO sovs, carrying Cst 121b, and boating among othors Lucerne 8st 121b, and tho onco fancied Lady Adelaido, Cst 121b. Gannet, by Uncae-Jenny Divor, ap propriated tho Chaddosrteu Cup, Loch Lovon thu Highfield Bolling Plato, and Preferment tho Bolpur Hurdle. Tho other races wore of little importance Northampton, tho town of "boots and Bradlaugh," attracted a goodly orowd on Thursday, and ns nt Dorb.\ tho ground was hard au a bono. After tho race won by Lady Boatrico tho jookoya rofiiBed to ride on ncoounc of tho dangerous oUto of tho ground, and tho other races wore postponed Jill tlio next day, whon all vr ont vf ell with every- j Dody but tho poor punters, who had a very bad timo of it indeed. I My friend "Bobin Hood," of tho Melbourno AUSTRALA SIAN, waa somo timo ago much laughed at for declaring that tho timo was fast approaching when tho rowdies would make attendance at race meetings a matter of considerable personal risk on tho part of rospectablo peoplo, and every day experience teaches us that ho was only too truo a prophet, and that tho day ho predicted is fas't approaching. In Northampton, on Saturday, Mr. Peck's Diss, which, for somo reason or other only known to tho public, ia considered to bo some thing out of tho common, waa startod for tho Holmby Handicap Plate, in which ho was ridden by littlo White, tho atablo light weight, at 7st 7lb. Needless to Bay, tho public was on to a man, and tho hore o started a hot fovorito at 2 to 1, Mr. Pock's commission being £800. He was beaten ignominiously by Alb and Sailor Prince. Late in tho day Mr. Peck elected to start him again in tho Compton Welter, this timo his pilot being Charley Wood, and his weight 8st 31b, He started at 5 toi, almost unbacked (Peck had only £25 on) : and, uftor a terrific raco, won by a head from Ducat (8st 81b), who waa once a fancied outsider for tho last Derby. On Wood's re turn to tho weighing-room ho was followed by a crowd of "roughs," hooting and yelling Uko demons. Mr. Beck waa hustled and pulled about ; and, had it not been that thero was a strong body of police on tho ground he would have boon very seriously maltreated. As it was, ho had to remain quietly in tho offico of tho dork of the course, and waa auiUfigled away at ] the end of tho racing. Now, the fact is that Disa, Uko many public fancies, ia an overrated horse, and it needed a strong horseman liko Wood to do anything with him at all. All men who know much of horses are aware that much of tho ao-callod "reversal 'Of form" is duo to tho difforonco in jockeys, aomo being able to got moro out of a horse than others, and if every time thia happens an unfortunate owner ia liable to "bo half murdered, very few will think tho "gamo worth tho candle." In this instance Mr. Peck was much disappointed 'with the horse, and, as I have aaid beforo, ho had £800 on when beaton, and only a " pony" when tho animal won. counsrua. But it ia at coursing meolinga that the "scum of tho earth" ia to be seen, and only a few weeks ago some of these 1 sporting gentry who had been attending tho Border Union meeting, after committing a burglary, murdered ono j policeman and seriously wounded a couplo more. And this 1 is what sport is just coming to in England 1 SCULLING. Old Dave Godwin (as decent and honest a follow as ever handled a pair of sculls), so astonished bia supporters with the dash and speed ho displayed in tho NEWS OV TOE WoEiiD Handicap, that they have issued a challenge, unique in its way, and that is to row any man in the world (bar Beach) who is within fivo years of his age (88), for £500 a side. " Pegasus," of tho NEWS OV Tire WOHLD, has an nounced rather prematurely thatMr. Lett was likely to take up the cartel on behalf of Laycock. I am authorised by that gentleman to say that if ho knew anything of Elias'a pre sent form ho would gladly make a match on his behalf, conaidering that Godwin would bo virtually (all being well) making a prosent of a monkey. If Laycock baa any friendB ; left, and they should desire to aocept tho challenge on his : behalf, Mr. Lott will gladly act for them, and stand a little ! in the stake himsolf. Godwin must indeed be an improved ¡ man if tho old bushman couldn't givo him five seconds ¡ " between the bridges.' ' j Some time ago Mr. Richard Hill «ont to Mr. D'Arcy Wentworth a portrait of Beash, which is now exhibited in J the window of the London SPORTSMAN office, and has at- : tracted very great noti<>-e, everyone admiring bia physique I and game, honest-looking faco. The papera here ore taking up the question of his refusal to row Matterson for £200 a side, and aro unanimous in ' condemniij j his conduct. These very papora took Hanlan'a part when Mr. Lett was vainly endeavoring on behalf af Triokett to induce Han lan to abate his terms. Some people have short memories. Everybody expecta Beach to oome to England. Should ho do BO, I would again beg remind him of the risk of climate, &c.;, and assure his backors that they will have to buy their money dearly if they wish to back him, no matter whom ho should meet. BILLIARDS. I have only time to add that Roberts has broken another record, having scored a break of 482, spot bawd, in his match against Taylor, which he won "hands down," giving 4000 points in 12,000. His play is simply marvellous, and he giveB one tho idea of being able to " go on for over," as ho hardly ever breakB down over a difficult shot, gener ally coming to grief over tho simplest stroke (apparently), though of course frequently he misson a shot in playing for some particular position. I fully oxpect that ho will before long win the prizo of £100 whioh hos boon offered to the player who first makes 500 in a break without the aid of tho spot,_ 