HERI MASTER, OR HER SLAVE. CHAPTER II. ROnERT. pushed open the door of SMarket Hall,' and looked in. About 8ixty men were scattered over the benches in all conceivable positions A number hold pipes between their teeth, filling the room with the rank smoke of the strongest and blackest tobacco. Here and there two men appropriated a whole bench. But more of them were settled down on the muall of their backs, with their knees braced against the bench in front. Robert saw in amoment that though he was worse dressed than any of them, yet there was a difference in kind also. There was more mraningin one wrinkle on their well-worn coats than in all his ingenious paraphernalia. He felt ashamed in the presence of these pathetic realities, and turned to go bick; but his great boots creaked ioeautious'y. Only two or three looked round. A oor man more or less does not count tor much with the poor or with the rich. Two or three grave, worn faces, ..two 'r three pairs. of tired, hopeless eyes, rebuked him for the idle freak that brought him there. What right had he there, who came out of curiosity to watch the unhealthy symptoms of the disease called poverly? What an insult to their bitter needs were his sno ck trimmings, in which he came like one ma quer.ding among a graveyord f'ill of ghosts I 'Hold on, friend; you needn't go.'. And a long-a hi.kered man beckoned to him. Robert found his way to a 'seat with a M?yday air, the best piece of acting te had done yet. The same stolidlook wes on this man's face, bleached to a settled paleness from the confinement -ef year a in the walls of the mills, and Sthere was a bitterness about the mouth ;and nostrils as if he had not kissed the rod that smote him. ' No cahl to be shamed, young man. I suppose them's the best clothes you've got ? Your heart may be just as white as if you'd cheated out a better livin'.' The poor don't talk, unless they have got something to say, so Robert said nothing to act in character. ' I suppose you think you're pretty liard up ?' resumed the big-whiekercd mnan, 'v ho was no other than Graves, ohe man who had peered into his com panion's parlour window only an hour ago. And he glanced significantly at Robert's boots audsoiled trousers. SJust look at that little chap over yonder, all bowed up. He don't look tery hearty, dooes he? Up to his house there's a wife all fad: d and broken, and two litele cripples for children a-whinin' and a.-creechia' from mornin' to-night. He would chop his head off to help them, bult he is slow and weak, and don't get much a-day, and he can't save them babies a sinlo ache, or ease their poor mishapen little bones one twinee. it takes evercy penny to keep the wretched breath in 'em all; and him and his wife, once as purty a girl as ever you seen, has only to stand and so 'em cry. Thiey us' d to cry them welve., too, but that was long ago. Why, how snrpri~oed and s.rry you look, young feller! Where was you raised that you ain't seen such things ?' Graves looked about him, and con tinued, 'I could tell you somethinog about every man here, that if some fool could put it into poetry, the rich would cry beautiful over it. But their tears wouldn't loosen their grip on our Sthroats, you be sure. Do you see that Slean-faced man with tihe hurt arm at the end of the seat you're on? * ell the's got the smartest little boy in town. All he wanted was schoolin' -:'n:i:a d his father and mother saved and saved so ho could have it. You oughter seen how proud they was to see their Slad struttin' off to sobool, while they kept a-thinkin' of him all day long in the mill. And th.ey was never too tired to hear the boy tell them over the i. rd names he had learned. And then they would tell the neighbours, who aometimes got jealous, how they was saving every penny, and how their boy was goin' to college like old Strutt's ..snn. But there was no cause for the neighbours to be jealous; the woman • went to work one day when she was o?pk, andaonught her death o' cold, arid it took a mint of money to nuss, and then bury:ber. 'Then the man fell and got hurt, and the little boy cried enough to break your heart when they took :his books away.' The face of the long.whisekered man softened a little, and he turned his head awqy. 'He needn't 'a cried,' Graves said, gruffly. 'I don't know as he was any better than the rest of us.' There was a little commotion on the platform. 'Do you know what's up, young feller?' And Graves looked at his neighbour curiously. 'Why we heard the other day we had sime rights es well as wrongs. We heard a crust of bread and a bare room to die in-we heard that is'nt pay enough for All we do, feedin' 'and cloth?in' the world! T'here he is! Shut up, now!' A man, who sat head and shoulders above the group -on the platform, rose to his full height, like a young giant, and came forward. He looked down into the upturned faces for moment in silence, and Robert felt his steel-blue eyes piercing him like a sword.. Could he tell bv some unknown sym. pathetic sense wlhich was the man had no right there?--which one had come into the assembly of the poverty stricken only to mock them ? He almost expected to be pointed out before them all, and to be made to writhe in every. nerve and muscle at the depiction of his own carelesslife. Robert felt this young giant could do all this; there was such an idea ot power breathing out of the man with neck and shoulders like a Hercules, and dome-like forehead above heavy over hanging brows. 'Men,' he began; then he stopped speaking a moment. Yes; men, you are, in spite of all the degradation the rich and the powerful can put upon you. Tht time is coming when the principles of equality vaunted on the pages of so many lying constitutions, and breathed on the lips of so many false-toneued demagogues, shall be fully realized. The time is comig when the work shall not be on one side, snd the renward on the other. We shall not always wear rags as the livery of our masters; not always shall the poor rise eatly and toil late, wear their skin till it be shrivelled like parchment, and their bodies till they te ready to drop into the grave firom weariness,only to pluck the fruit of Gol's bonntiful ear th for the lips of the idle and the proud to taste. The gracious favous of ten thousand smiling hills and valleys are rathered only fbr the fuw, and those whose arrogance of heart have least deserved them. And they tell us it must be so ; that the few who are more capable ard prudent should thus Ie rewarded for their superiority. They point to six thousand years' oppression of tle poor, and say what has been must be. Yes; for six thousand years the groans of the poor have gone up, and as long the few, for whom alone all the beauty and bounty of the great earth seemed to blossom, have answered with curses and contempt.' The speaker's magnificent chest seemed to expand; his voice lost its pathetic tone, and rang out like a trumpet. 'But the knowledge they have given to make us better slaves is bursting our fetters before their frighten d eyes. The astoniashed people see at last the black and monstrous injustice of their subjection. They have numbered their hoots as countless as the sands of the sea. It is the strength of their arms has girdled the earth with unceasing streams of wealth.. It is the iungenuity of their brains has harnessed each of the untamed forces of nature to service. The in finite number of their cunning fingers has woven the fabrics to clothe Christendom, and their red blood, poured out on a thousand battle-fields has bought vain triumphs for the pride of their masters.' His lips suddenly curled in majestic scorr. ' And how long will your patient calloused hands built places for the great, whileyou live in hovels? Ought not strong arms as yours be able to win enough to make one modest home, if you were not robbed ? The world is full of cheap comforts; the harvests are boundless; the storehouses are bust ing; but each worthless pauper has as g.iod a share as you who made the wealth. You cause tile wealth, your hands till the teeming lands, and your shoulders bow beneath the pro ducts of your toil. like muzzled oxen beating out the grain for unpitying masters. Why will you endure it ? They tell you it is only right; their books teach gentle submission; their oily-tongued speakers soothe you with proverbs and consoling maxims; but all the wise men of centuries, and all the hundred thousand printing presses of to-day, heaping up books in every language like a new Tower of Babel, cannot turn a lie into the truth !' Robert sat leaning forward, his eyes fixed on the speaker in a strange ex citement. The words came into his soul like molten fire,'consuming the chaff of years, and leaving a path of light behind. He was full of wonder that he bad been blind so long, mixed with joy at his new piercing visian. HIe had forgotten how he had come there, and felt a sudden desire to take the hsnd of every porr man in thle room and p'edge them his help. But no one seemed touched as he was; the same hard look was on each face--the mask the poor assume to cover their distress; only the eyes of. them all were ecntred on their orator. 'But you are poor, and with your wives and children are hungry frlr even the crust of bread your masters cast you. Though you were a million to one, you are held to their service, no matter how unjust, by the daily-recur ing faetls of hunger and cold. Look! the fields are white with their harvests, the shops filled with their goods; but the law-makers and their pitiless police are in their pay, and you must bow your necks, and thank your masters humbly for the trifles their greed vouchsafes you.' Robert's heart thumped painfully behind his fiaded coat. Could the speaker give no hope to the wretched listeners hanging on his lips? Must they cringe for ever at the foot of power? Their thin,worn handsmado the bread, but it was snatched from their mouths, and doled out in'scanty allowance as the price of hopeless slavery. He had never seen it befo e. 'Who is he ' he whisped to his com panion. The man did not even turn his face from the speaker. ' It is Aeroyd. He belongs to the Labour League.' This, then, was the agitator his father had spoke of, and Bertha had pictured him rightly with his cluster ing auburn hair. For a moment he stood silent, while, under the Divine light in his eyes, the souls of each one ripened for his next words. SAlone you can do nothing-whole factories of jrou cannot stand against the masters; but unitedwe can shake the world, and all over the land the oppressed are banding together. We are weak now; but when the long. stifled voice of your wrongs find utter ance, the answering moans of millions will rouse your souls to the resistless martyr pitch. Then it will seem sweet to die-yes, to starve, with your dear ones about you, inspired with tha same enthusiasm. When the generation is born which dare starve, but has for. geiten now to yield, and evuen for the bread of life will not sell i's children into eternal slavery, then will the gold of the rich rot worthless in their white hands till they divide with us our common heritag3!' He stopped, and sat down, and es his enthusiasm faded from his face, Robertsaw he was not handsome. The eyes that had seemed .o powerful were too deep seated beneath his heavy brows, and his smooth-shaved face wa·s scarred fi om exposure to sun and storm. Yet while he had been speaking, pity a: d divine wrath in turn melting and burning in his eyes, and lighting up his rugged cheeks, he seemed beautiful, like an archangel. The audience s:t in silence a moment; then one man shuffled his feet uneasily, then another, and then all rose list lessly to their feet. Robert thought their zestin life had gone so long ago that they did not even miss it; then he remembered with his life wa--bright as a June morning. Did God love him so much better then these weary creatures whose only refuge wasa'in hopelessness? Then he thought of Bertha waiting for him, ind he hurried out, glad that he seemed to be escap:ng notice. Where was the funny adventure he had to tell his sweetheart? A. new world had been revealed to him-a world within the world he had played with, that he knew no such thing as mirth, fed for ever on bitter realties; and his little spark of happiness seemed smothered in its black night. Once outside the hall, Robert drew back into an obscure corner, undtr the low, hanging branches of an old elm, to watch the people scatter to their homes. Each one must have a family circle of his own. There were hungry eyes that looked to him for the cheer his poor heart was too dead to give. For each one there was a home without comforl, where nobody smiled, where children's voices W'ere hushed, and even the sick had learned to stifle their groans. Robert thought he would like to see Ackroyd once more, his heart was glowing so genially for him. As a devotee divides Lis love between his religion and the prophet who taught it to him, so Rbert had a feeling in his heart for this man such as he never had known fdr any man before. His pulse came quick at the hope of speaking with him, of touching his hand; he longed to tell him how he honoured him; he wanted to pledge him his friendship if he would stoop to take it. Suddenly a heavy hand was laid on his shoulder. 'P'r'aps you ain't got no place to go to, friend l' It was his big-whiskered companion in the hall, Graves. Why couldn't he have kept away just now ? 'I sort o' liked your looks in the meetin' to-night, and you're welcome to a bed at my house if you want it.' 'Oh, no!' stumbled Robert, at his wit's end. 'Oh, no!' 'Why not, then? Where be you goin' to stay ?' And the man took his hand from the young man's shoulder, and eyed him suspiciously. Robers wanted to go home, and lay off his masquerade for ever. Bertha, all radiant in all that vealth can add to beauty, was awaiting him. He had so much to tell her, Lut he had nothing to say aloud. ' I won't take no refusal !' insisted the man. 'No words; Jane will get along easy with an extra for once. I presume you've slept in wuss places?' (To be Continued.) 