A Trapper's Adventure. They were waiting for a train at a wayback station up in Humboldt County, and the conversation tuined to spiritualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said : " Wall, fur my part, I never did go mnch on spenit-rappin's, ghosts, and all of them kind er things, but I tell yew, boyB, I had a powerful scare wunst." " How was that ?" asked a solemn man, with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. " Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a layin' in my cabin up on the Little B'ar River. I woke up long er midnight and got ter thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, ssdied in tbat very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very night. Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like." " Rats" suggested the switch-tender. " No, ther ain't no rats in them parts. Potty soon I felt something like a hand a-squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scared then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartan' thar wasn't another human' bein* in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepin 1 in Grizzly's blankite, too, so I sez: ' Is that yon Smith ?'" " And there were two raps," said the long-haired man. " No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin', rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp—'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek." "Case of materialization," said the longhaired party. " Rats," eaid the switch-tender again. " I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled the trapper. "I 'low I was badly Beared then, an' ther cold sweat a-droppin' offen me. 4 Does yer want ter kermoonicate suthin', Grizzly ?' sez I. Then ther buzzin' begin agin. Arter that suthin' teched my other band." " Rats," wedged in tbe switchman. " You'll have ter heel yerself, if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker," said the hunter ominously. " Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankits offen me, jumped up and struck a light." " And what did yon see?" " Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nuthin' but a plain, ord'naiy rattler. An' me most scared ter death by thet durn thing's monkeyings, too. " Wall, yon bet I jaat rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd bust." 1 1 And the snake ?" asked the crowd. "And the snake?" said tbe trapper, simply. " Wall, I disremember what—I guess I stepped on its head, or suthin.' No, gents, I don't take no stock in sperrits. Here's ther train."—Derrick Dodd in The Wat.p. . 