CHAPTER VIII. I IN WHICH CICELY'S IDOLS ABE CAST DOVVtf. "My poor darling," said uioeiy, witn tenderness of which even Mrs. Le Breton, in spite of her usnal determination to accept no sympathy from her friends, could not but feel the charm, " how I wish that I could help you!" "hiobody can help me," said Pauline, letting her forehead rest for a few moments against Cicely's shoulder, whilst the girl's arm rested lovingly round the elder women's neck. " Nobody can help me, and I do not want to be helped." Some days had passed since Philip's visit, but she had only just confided to Cicely the contents of her husband's letter. It was a customary thing for Pauline to look sad and depressed after one of Robert Le Breton's communications, and although Cicely had noticed that she was graver and paler than usual, she had not ventured to question her friend as Philip Lorraine had done. Pauline was always reluctant to speak to Cicely of Robert Le Breton. "Can Philip not help you?" said the girl. " Philip least of all, answered Pauline, lifting her head. " If Robert wants me to go with him I suppose I shall have to go." "You shall not go!" said Cicely, with a flash of her eve. " Go back to the man who left you friendless and ill in that miserable lodging ! As if I vrcutd allow that V' " Tov, dear Cicely!" There was a tender ecoru in Pauline's voice. *'Yes; I. You shall not leave my house with Robert Le Breton as long as I have any authority in it. I know I haven't any authority over you, and I don't want to have, you dear, sweet thing!" said Cicely, falling down on her knees at Pauline's side, and pressing her lips to Pauline's tremulouB fingers, " and I have none—unfortunately— over Robert Le Breton ; but I have a house of my own, thank heaven ! and some faithful servants, too; and I think that bolts and bars may avail, if moral suasion won't, to keep vmi ififtirift. and Mr. Le Rrnf.rm nnf.atdA if-" you inside, and Mr. Le Breton outside it." "My dear little romantic girl, we don't live in the Middle Ages!" said Pauline, smiling sadly. " It is rather a pity that we don't 1" said Cicely, with a sound of tears in her sweet laugh. " But living in Ladywell Prior has inspired me. I mean to behave as though I were quite mediaeval. You shall stay here with me Pauline, and I will send Robert Le Breton away." "How will you manage that ?" " "Rtt fnllinrr Viitn toliaf *" +Viin By telling him what I think, and what the world thinkB, oi his behaviour 1 Yon are all too gentle with Robert. I am sure that nobody has told him to hiB face how mean, and cowardly, and wicked he has been." " Don't you think so ? 1 did my best," said Mrs. Le Breton, with steady cynicism. " But you were his wife. Men don't listen to their wives—at least, so yon have told me. I should like to see whether another woman could not give him a lesson." "Don't try, Cicely. I would rather that you did not see him—did not speak- to him —again. I know him better thain you do." Something in the chill desolateness of her tone Bilencea Cicely. She was still kneeling before her friend, with her clashed hands resting on Pauline's lap, and her wistful eyeB raised to Pauline's face; but Mrs. Le Breton. Beemed not even to he thinking of her. Her eyes looked as though they were fixed upon something very far away;.the lines of her face were rigid and Bevere. Presently she roused herself and saw Cicely's tender, mobile face so cloBe to her own that she was obliged to smile and kiss it. "Dear Cicely," she said, you say tha you wish you could help me. You help m ar more than you know. I wish I had ne troubles of my own to darken your life witho It is not fair to you." " What a nice person I should be if I agreed with you 1" said Cicely, scornfully. " A selfish, heartless brute of a girl who thought of nobody but herself. How much you would enjoy bring with me ! Come, dear Pauline, don't think of Robert Le Breton any more this afternoon. We will take care that he does not darken these doors again, and, in the meantime, let us forget him for a little time, or only think of him as a bad dream, which is not likely to recur. Be cause, you know, dear, it is really quite practicable for you to refuse to live with Robert Le Breton. It would be the easiest thing in the world for you to get a separa tion from him if you wished to ao so. Uncle Anthony said so years ago." Cicely followed up her words by a kiss which was meant to apologise _ for their straightfoiward common sense, in case it should wound Pauline's susceptibilities. And then she changed the subject. " It is nearly 4 o'clock, and I must go and change my frock. Don't you know who is coming this afternoon?" "No. Mr. Lorraine?" " Philip certainly; but Philip is to bring with him the object of my detestation—the man called Kinglake. Could 1 have a head ache, and keep away, do you think2" "Scarcely, with propriety. Be a good child and do your duty as bostesB." " Ah, yes ! there's the worry oi it!" sighed Cicely. "Imagine a usurper entertaining the last dethroned king of the country at aftertoon tea! I shall feel inclined to make him a curtsey and say, 'Take your right place, sir ; I will abdicate very gladly; I always felt that I had not the slightest right to be here.'" "What an exaggerated sentiment that would be, Cicely!" The girl had gone into her dressirg-room, and Pauline could hear her moving about, opening wardrobes and shutting drawers with marvellous rapidity, as she continued to speak in her quick, clear tones. "If you only knew what a burden the Kinglakes have been to me ever since I came here as a girl of fourteen ! Old Richards had been a footman in their time, Mary Jone9 a nursemaid, Farrant a gardener's boy. They stayed on, I believe, chiefly in the desire to make the lives of the new comers uncom fortable. The house had been empty for some years between the going away of the Kinglakes and our arrival; and those three had lived in it and kept up the old tra ditions." "You never told me that they made you uncomfortable," said Pauline. " Oh, no, I was far too proud to say so. But I used to feel dreadfully nervous when Richards put on his grim face and said (so respectfully) to papa, 1 It's just as you please, of course, sir; hut it was never so in my late master's time.' Then there was Mary Jones —' Mrs. Kinglake was such a true lady, Miss! She never said a word that would give offence to any living soul!"' "A doubtful compliment." " Then there was Farrant, promoted to be head gardener—' Sorry I can't give you this bit o' ground, miss; but you see it was the young gentleman's gardine, and I don't like to see it cut to pieces.' What was one to do but to retire humbly from the contest, and all but beg his pardon fur presuming on the young gentleman's possessions ?" "1 don't suppose that you ever were really so weak as you represent, Cicely." "You don't know how weak lean be, then. Papa was not weak; he used to insist on his plans being carried out. But one thing I confess — the spindle-legged chairs in my sitting-room were my doing." There was a little pause, then Cicely reap peared, radiant in a lemon-coloured garment which became her admirably, with strings of amber beads ronnd her neck .and wrists, and a white flower at her throat. She seldom required the services of a maid, unless she were dressing for a party ; she greatly pre ferred to use ber own hands and her own feet, although, as she had told Pauline one day with a comical face, Mary Joneshad informed her that" Mrs, Kinglake bad never buttoned her own boots for twenty-five years." "Mrs. Kinglake must have been a very lazy person, I think," Cicely added. She came back to Mrs. Le Breton's side with a somewhat graver countenance than before, and proceeded with the half-earnest recital of ber grievances. " The Church and the picture-gallery are the places in which I feel worst. I sit and read the names on the tablets. There was one Ralph, who was a courtier in King Eal's time, and got the property when the monas teries were destroyed; and Francis, who sailed round the world with Drake; and Richard, who was a Royalist in Charles's time; and Kenelm, who tried to find the philosopher's stone and couldn't. Their tombs are all in the Church and their pictures In I he gallery; and I wish with all my heart that dear papa had behaved like any other parvenu and built me a staring red-brick mansion in a new neighbourhood, surrounded by new grounds newly laid out with spiky, little, expensive trees—also new and juvenile —and not presented me with a real live Priory, haunted by the ghosts of men with whom one has not the least connection or sympathy ! 80 now let us go downstairs, Pauline; I told them to bring tea into the little drawing room, which has at least the advantage of having been entirely refur nished since the days of the Kinglake dynasty." Mrs. Le Breton was not without curiosity to see the man whose fathers had for so many years been the masters of Ladywell Priory. With all her acutenesB, she could not be quite sure whether Cicely was in earnest or whether Bhe was merely acting a somewhat whimsical part in objecting so trongly to a visit from one of the Kinglakes, Certainly she showed no Bign of shyness nor of un friendliness aB she stood talking to the tall stranger whom Phillip Lorraine had intro duced, She looked at him with self-pos session, which waB not devoid of quaint amusement at his position and her own ; and there was a shrewd gleam in her eye when the conversation turned, as it speedily did, upon the old connection of the Kinglake family with LadywelL Cicely identified Giles Kinglake at once, and classed him in her mind as belonging to that branch of the family which had always betrayed a speculative and adventurous turn. He was like Francis Kinglake, who had sailed away to the Indies ana never more been heard of; and Kenelm, who was said to have anticipated the latest discoveries in elec tricity, and joined a little dabbling in alchemy to his scientific attainments; he was especially like Giles, of Jacobitefame, who had been hanged for treason in one oftheGeorgian reigns. He was tall, broad-shouldered, and muscular, and yet there was something of the student's air about him—the look of one who Bpent a great part of his life in towns; his face had loBt the bronze which would have greatly increased his resemblance to the portraits of his ancestors. Cicely looked for Kenelm Kinglake's dreaminess in his brown eyes, and was startled when she found there the mingled fire and softness which charac terized the expression of an earlier progenitor —Francis, the rover of the seas. But ne had Kenelm's speculative brow, with a sweep of brown hair that was apt to fall across it and hide its height; and the fine features bore the subtly critical and observant look which Cicely had noted in the picture of the alche mist. Whether or no he had Kenelm's beau titul mouth—almost too beantitul ana sensi tive for a man, perhaps—she could not deter mine, for the brown moustache and beard almost cutirely concealed its form from sight. He looked about thirty- five—he was in reality two or three years younger. They had finished tea before the subject which had so much exercised Cicely's mind was entered upon. ICinglake began by re marking upon the changee that bad been made in the village since be saw it last. " How long is it since you were here ?" said Mrs. Le Breton. "I have not been here for twenty-two years. I was nearly eleven when my tather sold the place. I suppose it is not to be ex pected that 1 should remember very much about it," he said so easily and pleasantly that Cicely experienced a sudden feeling of relief, " I don't remember this room at all, for instance." " It was once a library," said Cicely, " At least, so Mary Jones and Richards told us. You will remember Mary Jones and Richards, no doubt, Mr. Kinglake 1 They often speak of you." "Do they? I cannot recall their nameB or their faces exactly. Are they here still ?" " Oh, yes; we kept as many of the old servants of the house as we possibly could," eaid Cicely, anxiously. " We would not on any account have let them feel that their home was lost because we had come. Richards has been here, he tells rae, for up wards of thirty-seven years." "I remember him." And then Giles KiDglakelaughed. "I hope you have not found him as troublesome as ne was in his youth to my parents, Miss Lorraine. He had a habit of quoting our ancestors and holding us all up to scorn in a respectful way which was unspeakably trying." " Do you mean to say that he behaved in that way to you ?" said Cicely, laughing in her turn. " Oh, I am very glad to hear it. You are the objects of his adoration now, and we—we bear the penalty 1" She was surprised to find herself saying this so lightly to the very man whose visit she had feared; and she was more surprised to find that he was little disposed to believe in Richards's devotion. I'm afraid we always considered Richards rather a humbug," said Mr. Kinglake. " I don't remember Mary Jones. The only old servants who were really attached to us, as far as 1 know, went away with us. I have one of them there now, in London." Cicely felt as if Richards and Mary Jones had entered into a conspiracy to deceive her. "But—you know Farra.nl?" she said, with emphasis. I'm afraid I don't know Farrant either," said Giles, lookiugat his hostess with very slight comprehension of her state of mind. " Unless he was once a lad whom my father turned oil for stealing tulips. I do remember him," Cictly held her p'acc, and Philip Lorraine, suspecting her embarrassment, came to her aid. "Mr. Kinglake would like to see the picture gallery befoie the light goes, I thiuk, Cicely, and the library too. The other side of the house is not used, and is generally locked up, 1 believe." " I have the keys li»re." said Cicely, rising. " Shall we go nov, Mr. Kinglake." "lam soiry to give you this tronble," he said. "I must expla'n to you how it comes about that 1 am here, Miss Lorraice. I have 'undertaken to help a friend who is writing a book on the manor houses of Kent, and Lady well Priory—which, of course, must not be omitted en any account—comes within my beat, I am anxious to verify my friend's belief that there is some very old work in the west wing, hut I cannot do that without an examination of the architecture. Your cousin, Mr. Lor> aine, assured me that you would let me see the west wiDg with my own eyes," He made rather a long explanation, be cause be fancied from the blank expression of Cicely's face that she had expected some thing totally different—he could not tell what. She coloured as she assured him, at the close of his speech, that she was pleased to receive him at Ladywell, and that the whole house was free to him to go whither soever he choBe. And then she led the way to the picture gallery, of which she was really very proud, set him face to face with the portrait of his ancestor, Kenelm King lake, and waited with some anxiety for his mext words. Bat Mr. Kinglake did not seem to be a .demonstrative man. He viewed the pictures •with polite unconcern. " I suppose that you remember them all?" said Cicely. " Not very well. I don't know much about art. 1 remember this one—Kenelm—and that of my namesake over there, because they were the two genuine ones." " Genuine ones J" gasped Cicely. "Aren't they all genuine?" Mr, Kirglake looked at her with a smile, which lapsed into a graver expression as he met her look of bewilderment, " Some of them are genuine, no doubt," he said. "One cannot be certain of all the pictures in a gallery, Miss Lorraine. No doubt they are as genuine as moBt of the portraits one meets nowadays." Cicely's spirits seeming to be a little damped by these remarks, Philip and Mrs. Le Breton assumed the lead in conversation, and led him past the pictures and into the old library.' Here Mr. Kinglake seemed more at home. "I do remember this place," he said. " Yes, I spent a good many hours reading romances in the old window-seat here. But you have changed the furniture, I think ?" '* I knew he would miBS the spindle-legs," muttered Cicely in Pauline's ear; but there was now more pleasure than anxiety in her tone. Aloud, she answered boldly— "It has gone into my own sitting-room upstairs. My father liked a more solid kind of furniture for a library." " No doubt he was right," said Kinglake, simply. " This is a great deal more anitable. I never cared mnch Ifor Chippendale chairs, myself." " You would like to see the old room up stairs ?" said Cicely, rather abruptly. " Thank you, no. I think I had better get to the older part of the building at once, if you will excuse me. I must be back in town this evening, and the light will be very good just now for the west wing." Accordingly Cicely let nim go whether his tastes seemed to lead him, nnder Philip's guidance. Not that Mr. Kinglake required much guidance, for, as he tola Lorraine, he remembered this part of the building very much better than the more modern portion, and he spent two hohrs there with great satisfaction to himself, whilst Philip walked, talked, or sat on a stone and smoked. They declined an invitation to dinner which Mrs. Le Breton brought to them, and it was not until the sun was setting that Giles declared hiB task to be done. He had made one or two careful drawings of parts of the archi tecture, for in spite of what he had said of his ignorance of "art he was himself no mean draftsman, and he had scraped away the mould from a date and an inscription, and was altogether flushed, dusty, and much more excited than he had been at his first appearance upon the scene at Ladywell. *' I've finished for to-night, Phil," he said cheerily. "I think old Gough will be satis fied. But I should like to run down again to-morrow if Miss Lorraine would allow me to come." Ul course suen De aenguiea. "And, bythe by, Lorraine, I did not like to say much to her at the time, but I thick she ought to be told sooner or later the history of those pictures. I think her father must have known it when he bought the place." " What history ?" " Why; they were nearly all done by a yroUqi of my great-grandfather's, to fill up the spaces in that gallery. He was a boastful old fellow, my great- grandfather, and wanted to talk about the portraits of his ancestors, I imagine, so the artist had to evolve them from his inner consciousness. They are all very much alike, more or less copied from the faces of Kenelm and Francis, which were genuine." " Those are the only ones of any real his torical value then?" "The originalB were. But these are not the originals, Phil; the originals are hanging in my own study at home. These are only very clever copies. They are very like the real pictures, but not the genuine article themselves. 1 suppose that Mr. Lorraine did not know much of painting ?" " Nothing, I believe. " And, of course, his daughter knows only what he told her. 1 am sure that 'no unfair advantage was taken when the house was first sola; but it is a pity that Miss Lor raine should think the pictures valuable or trustworthy when they are not so. Perhaps you will tell ber about them." " I will. She will be vexed, I fear; she takes a great pride and pleasure in the antiquity of the house and its belongings." Giles KiDglake looked surprised. "I should have thought she would have got over that phase of feeling," he said, care lessly. "I know one goeB through it when one is young, but—in fact, I suppose that I grew to identify this house with all the family troubles and embarrassments until it became positively unpleasant to me. I know that I was awfully glad when we got rid of it," " Then he is a Goth!" said Cicely, to whom this conversation was repeated later in the evening. " A Loth and a Philistine, and I hate bim. I never waB so thoroughly disap pointed in anybody in my life !" 