j WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15th, 18S6. These is every indication . that . the session will wind up with' the' perpetra tion "of two great jobs by which' the colony will be committed to an enor mous expenditure to gratify the vanity of the Premier, and ; the' petty conceit of certain members-of the ^Assembly who affect to believe that 'if their speeches are fully reported' in a daily Sansard the public; will rush to read them. The greater sinner in this con templated waste of State money is Mr Gillies with his exhibition fad. His original proposal for a "Victo rian exhibition in 1SSB was based on the fact of New South "Wales being unable to make such an exhibition a featureofher Centennial demonstration, and, as he put it to parliament, the country, and the New South" Wales government, it was solely and exclu sively designed to do honor to the elder colony, and promote a more cordial understanding between Vietorians and. New Sonth Welshmen. As might have' been expected, the Gillies proposal found no generous response across the border. The Sydney people heard it with snllen indifference, the press treated it cynically, and the govern ment with dead silence which has, been at- last broken, by thean nouncement that they . propose " to have an exhibition. oh their own ac count., In the meantime, however, onr-gay and festive Premier, without even waiting the concurrence of his own parliament, set the cable in motion to invite the Prince and Princess of Wales to his great show, and an nounce the event to the different European governments, and actually before the New South Wales premier had replied to the proposal the practical execution of which was supposed to be contingent on the favor with which it was regarded by the -sister colony.1 We now see clearly enough that if we do hold an exhibi tion in 1S88, it will recei but scant recognition by New South Wales. More than this, the South | Australians are indignant that we I should interfere with their Jubilee Exhibition, next year, and as there is not the ghost of a chance of royalty gracing the Melbourne event, it will be no more than a great advertising show room for the benefit of an army of officials, and to make some passing popularity for the political commission charged with its management. The Han sard- job is equally to be deprecated as an unnecessary waste of public money, and as a severe blow to the provincial newspaper press. If the Age tender be accepted, as proposed by the committee, it will be actually subsidising tbat paper to tbe extent of between £6000 and £7000 per annum to become a for midable eompetitor against every jour nal in the country districts. Iso doubt provision will be made for supplying provincial journals from the Age office with the Hansard supplement at a certain price, but of what val ue would it be to get such a sheet some hours after the Age, in which it appeared, had been circulated in the country towns ; and there is a moral oertainty that this would be the case unless the contracting journal was under a heavy : penalty, in default of supplying tbe sheet to the country press to enable it to appear simultaneously with its issue in the jljrg. , There is a chance yet, however, that the Assembly will come to its senses in time to prevent this scandalous waste of public money. In the other event we suggest to our pro vincial contemporaries to take heed of the division list, and note well who are the men that propose to loot the Treasury for the indulgence of their petty vanity. 