a. jPOINTS. .AJtmas's Stato.— The tiprtafi. QttBEV.— Is a baker on strike a strleken taker? A Bio FjJkd. — At Morohoad's banquet to-, morrow at the Town Hall. * Bbahdikg tra Liok. — Lord Bandolph -3hurohill in Ireland. Will ho ever got bask t ',- ' 'Fnxoia Up Fast.— The K.M.S. Dacca and . the E.M.S. Quotta. ?' Tb Tha.* Sof— The Groper -wants a new ^boiler. Must have been df raking lioayily. Combined. — Smoking aad harmony at tho -Academy to night. Shoeing poaoEBTS.— Are ocming into \- : . 'fashion in Brisbane. Good for trade. Bid FiatniE.— Not iaoroaso Ja exports from ^Englandjto Anstrauain 1885—81,771,400. Mbebt Doos.— Thoao lawyers who laughed 'over that Chinese invoice. Bnt what lies . : eomo folk oan tell about a thing of that sort. . ? Mmm Betceb. — 'Imprudence' ia the only -jnece now played at the theatre. 'One Touch of Nature has yielded up the ghost. \- . As Nice as Evbe.— Graoa Flaisted was at ?the 'theatre last night. She looks aa fall of We aa ever. Graoioia little but good. Can't Stand It.— Henderson, the Chief , -Commissioner of the London Folioe has re ?signed. Those riots finished him off. . . ModhbAitbi(P) — The Iriih bishops merely de mand Home Bule, effacement of landlordism, -and suspension of -evictions. A mere trifle. Bbibbane's (best Siqbt. — Cabstand and 3-avement corner of Queen and Edward streets. Go and see it. UirooBHiro NtnsAHoa iKsraoroBa —What ? -are they paid for, and where are then? services given-? ?Shops Saturday Nionw. — Front of business -plaoea orowded on Saturday night, by gosaipcrs. Whoro are the authorities to tell ? them 'to move on:-? A YEAB's'BoBBOiWrae. — During 1S65 various Australian colonies applied in tho London market -for loans amounting to £17,-690,400; Hey were generously offered £46,437,600. DisonnamATiMa.— That question of Mr. ?George Bogers'. If George wore asked whioh side 'he would take so as to make a happy fair, what then'-? Bwkbt SrapATmr.— The Trades and Labour 'Oonnoil sympathise with tho bakers on strike to -the extent of passing round tie hat- on Monday next. That's the hat-titude. UtwoiiTUNATH. — Messrs. Maieronl and Wil fibn's Opera Company are in Brisbane. It is unfortunate both for the company and tho Tpnblio that there is no opening for 'them here. 'SauBBznra Tihh in.— At the Trades and Labour Council meeting, last night, a speaker remarked that he had known operative bakers who had had, on oocasionB, to work 26 Jtoura in one day. Alas! — Dr. Points became jubilant the'other morning. He saw a big heading to an adver -tfeement, 'Extension of time.' The worthy man thought it might be hia tailor's advertise anent. Alas ! it was for receiving tenders. Libebax Ex'fl. — At laat night's meeting of -the Trades and Labour Council, two auditors -were appointed to examins the half-year's \- accounts, upon tha expressed understanding ?that their ex's, should not eioeed Is. each. BTJBKOJtHE.— Spring iEUl. The hill is there, Int the spring ia dry. If the Waterworks Board doesn't come to the rescue soon, rasi -Jenta will 'have to oall -for tenders forvwater ' -oarta. Happy thought — ohaige it to -the fcoard. Tee 'Hbathbh Chinhh.— Mr. Canny told tho , Polynesian Compensation Court that Chinese were a» .good aa kanakas if working by the ?peoe, 'but on weekly wages they wore 60, pee .cent, 'behind : _ An' 70a work 'em oh timo, ?Sure, their loafing ii prime. AChinaman-a half a ktnalra, oh ! Bat; janti try '«m by plooo. And their work will increase Mil tt..yialds wogoa, grab, and tqbaaao. A Hum.— The baksn are to raise the price of ; fcroad-to £gd..per 2 1b. loaf after Maroh 1. B| ?tabes -other .people all their time to raise the( jmce -of 'bread. Perhaps, -sotne day, the bakers will leanvto make-the bread Itself risa. ' Goon StHSLOBS. — The coaohmakers declare that the adoption -of the eight- hour system ?would 'be ^or their mhul. If tha boon isn't '. granted the axle be laid at the root of the em ploying- tree. ' EDD-DTOinQ.— 'Ooachbnilder Edds has said that sooner 'than, give hi« men tha eight-hour system he will shut up shop. The men declare ttmt though '.two heads are botter than one,' yet no Edds-can'beimuoh worse than one. Pcbtubiho.— Mr. Simon Prasor, M.L.A., told his oontituents last night that on a former occasion he was (seemingly an unwonted thing for him), ' on this ibaok in bed.' Are we to infer that the honourable and amiable gentle anin usually stands on his head in bed ? Too Much Joy.— 'During theihearing of the ' opium- stealing case yesterday an invoioe in Chinese was produced. His Honour asked -counsel if the regjetsar should -read it out in osvt. The registrar turned blue, -and showed symptoms of tetanus. JIo doolined the pleasant task, murmuring -that.it would be 'too muoh j»w-y.' Dabihg Actescet at BeoBBBT. — 'Desperate ;butUnsuoc«Beful Attempt to Break. into on* of .George Frioa's Safes. Containing Upwards of .-.£1,000. — From tho Smsiury 'Ohttrvtr.-*~ Those , of our readers who interest themselves in mural .illustrations at railways stations, when waiting1 rior trains, cannot hut ihave felt amused at a ; little scene depicted .on. one of the advertising r.uuiuus. J.b eiiuwu 'tue iui«xiur ox au oinoe, .which 6omo_ stout fiollowo, .of the Bill Sykes -tjpe, have to themsclvoaiinitho small hours, -the [floor strewn with a choice assortment of fourglar's tools baBides moro.poworful maohasi .. col ppplianoes, and inihe. owitre a safe, wUieh ' laa rojBistod all the eztdaavour-a of the fresly persBitJag burglars to .enter. They are about ?to give, it up as a bid job, so rths artist hoe willed it, and the spectator .learns that Soand -So's safes are, at all evoata. thief .proof. The' fifcetoh may be a flight ofifanoy, bit hatl any , one .been secreted on tho piomieos of;Messrs. B. ^Eastwood and Nephew, the well known auo ijtioneore aqd brokers, of Bcadtord road, iDowabury, -ia Thursday, ihoy .might have I vwitneesed such anothor saouo as that the 4Utist drew. .The firm, as it is well known, 1 -have large sales of raw material -weekly, and -ccnBiderablo gnvso of nioney pooa.throHgh thoii; &NJ;&B.; For the , reception o£ anoney which -oomos to hand after bank hours, itheyinare one ; ono ,#f George Bitea's safe*, wt»ioh oooupied, when the plaoe was licked up dm Thursday ?; , . «ve.ning, its usual jpoaitioa near a csWntW v. .looWng into Bradfqsl road. II .contained . upwards KJf £1,000 in, cash, notes, asd.ohepues, and could it have be«a forood theso wotfd , have .been a floe booty for Mwstt. , ' . ' Bykoa. During the oijjht the {pramiusi were .erit*ad by Uw do-ir thtt was . formerly a iitohon, whidji was fastened with an ordinary Jock. This woa pitiked, aiadttho thievas— ifor ithere must haw been more ithan ' . one— then jprooeedod to the ofEae in which was the safe. This tthey removed (to t?ie opposite . flido of tha town, an& tried, oraih tho tub eg powerful njnriianoea they Afliiantly hti V . brought for tho jigrpoBo, to hroci: it open. ' .' They suooeeaodiiaibreaklng the binge*, biit that -was all they mera flble to ofieoi, for the .,. ' ^noJe in wnloli .tho .door was Jotted, tho ? bolts shooting; into .tho^dos of th» eeiie, q.iito provonted any entry, and tho follows were ,'.', thoroughly bafflafl, «^pooiaily a- an sXttemj^t to \- pick .the look ended ui failure. Foiled in tho attempt they mado, &e; fetl'Kvs dot»mlaeil to havo oomo plunder, so troko into the vtoeden drawaru hi the ofiloo, cod vreca rowardod wttu finding a. few copperj. Tfcey then appeareii to ' have picked np their tools and docaiBpoiJ, tor . , . nothing waa seen of them, and cdthing lisa oeen learnt about them gince. Mr. Eastwood and his partner, on goimr to tho office on Frl Jay_ morntaff, found it all in disorder; but, to . tiieir joy, the Bafo fras intaot, and no, of eourss, were its voluabla contents. Wo notioo tiat . ? . Heasrs. James B. Diokson and Company havo ' , ? shipment of theso safes for sale by arrotlon on 3Wday, 28th Febrffary, at 1 1 o'olaak, ot their -.,. ; mart, Quoon straot, and we are informocl that the priWio WO invited to jnspeot bofore tho day of sale. 