East Maaland Grammar School Entertainment. The boys of the E. M. Grammar School were singularly unfortunate in their choice of an evening for their annual entertainment, a3 it proved to be one of tho wettest and most cheerless experienced for months post. Undauntedly, however, they made their preparations, and had it not been for a most unlooked-for accident, they would, no doubt, have been ready to commence the programme punctually at the advertised time. AVhen the custodian of the Mechanics' Institute was lighting the lamps in the hall the chain connecting the two small pendants broke, throwing both to the floor. Fortunately some of the senior Grammar School boys were at hand, and the burning kerosene was soon extinguished ; but as the untoward oc- currence necessitated some hurried means of lighting the stage, proceedings were delayed for about five minutes. Who can read " The Adventures of Mr. Verdant Green" without heartily laughing at the ludicrous positions in which the hero is placed by his nervousness, timidity, and want of worldly wisdom ? To any of the audience present on Friday evening, practically acquainted with the tricks and pranks played by the young men of the large English Public Schools and Colleges - particularly Oxford-the first two scenes must have afforded especial amusement. The rôle of Verdant Green was capitally sustained by R. Isherwood, while J. Button and C. Thomas were f uUy equal to the position of mock oxaminers. The " Oxford Freshman," whilst being " made a mason" is skewered up Uko a trussed fowl ; and this droll Bight, together with the absurd oaths and fórmalos the victim was required to recite, elicited continual laughter from the audience. It should here, per- haps, be said that the first; scene was considerably altered from the original, so far as the characters were concerned. A wonderful doctor (J. Waller) cleverly aided by his apprentice (P. Cobcroft) with great force and verve proved, at least to his own satisfaction, that he was the greatest benefactor to suffering humanity the world over Baw ; and then the pièce de resistance to the large majority of those present was placed on the boards-" Ici on parle Français." The get up of Mr. Spriggins was capital, while his natural and unconstrained acting had the effect of giving confidence to the representatives oí the minor parts, inaeeu a better impersonation would be almost impossible. The young Frenchman, by his broken English witticisms, piovoked much mirth, and the charac- ter throughout was admirably sustained, though perhaps occasionally the byplay was somewhat too pronounced. The ferocious onset of the terrible Major Rattan, made upon the meek proprietor of the establishment, caused hearty laughter ¡ while Mrs. Spriggins acted her stately part to perfection, but occasion- ally spoke too fast, and not sufficiently loud to be heard at the end of the room. Mrs. Rattan was just the kind of young lady one might have ex- pected the wife of the Major to be j and the pretty Angelina excited the admiration of the audience by her attractive appearance and by the natural manner in which she interpreted her part. Anna Maria was appiopriately dressed, and played very well, except at one point, when she seemed to slightly hesitate. In the scene from Macbeth, the witches by their potions and medicaments not only worked their charms, but also succeeded in sending an infernal smell throughout the room ; still the change of red, blue and green fire was effective. The procession of the eight kings, followed by Banquo's ghost, while Macbeth sternly eyed each as he passed, was tragical, and the throe small boys representing the apparitions spoke out their parts manfully especially the little fellow " wearing upon his baby brow the round and toil of sovereignty." The tableaux vivant (reception of African Prince oy xiur uxajubuy v¿uucu » lutuni.; »>**a mu iiwkimíiu. Seldom indeed in Maitland has the curtain risen upon such an affective scene. Upon the small stage stood in all twenty-one figures most hand- somely and appropriately dressed, representing Her Majesty seated upon the throne, while around her were gathered most of the attendants usually pre- sent on state occasions : the pages, the beautifully robed ladies-in-waiting, the tall and stately beef- eaters, the Princo of Wales, the Marquis of Lorne in his grand Highland costume, the herald in his antique and fanciful dress, holding forth his trum- pet with banner suspended, and the soldiers on guard in their bright attire. In the centre of this array of magnificence stood the richly- apparelled African Piinco with some four or five of his swarthy subjects. The grouping was excellent, though on account of the smallness of the stage people sitting near the right side were unable to see the throne. The picture would have borne far more light than could, owing to the accident already montioned, be provided. Miss Cobcroft's pupils, who were charged with the musical portion of the programme, f uUy sus- tained their teacher's high reputation, and richly deserved were the thanks tendered to them by.Mr. Hole on behalf of the boys. The song "Romany Lass" particularly called forth loud and continuous applause. The Rev. Cauon Tyrrell, at one of the intermis- sions, spoke Yery highly of the system of education pursued at the Grammar School, stating that this opinion wras based on his own actual knowledge, for he, in his capacity as visitor, often took occasion at odd times to see what work was going on. He was glad to be able tJ "saV^afo^ort healthy, moral tone existed among the boys and that they weie thoioughly oiderlj and respectful The singing of the National Anthem, tbiee cheers for the Rev. Canon Tyirell (at the call of one of the boys), and turn tor tin. nsitois brought to a termination a most successful una euji y«blo even- ing's amusement. Seeing that many peisons woie, chiough the boisterous weather, debarred fiom attending, could not the entertainment committee see then way to repeat the peitoimance eithei it East or West Maitland, especially as in the uicumstonces the athletic fund could not have been to any great extent augmented by the prot teds on Friday night f 