j Gold in an Old Boot. | : ,Saijd anld jt imc-i : 4 1 never es w a ghosL but I once mads, a 'vrktiy good raise where J at first thought I ?Hd found a dvad m-in.. I was prospecting d.wn in Ampler county, Uaiilorzna, . Une day l went up .ins crec-K about a mile, and fieafed myself ba a rook to; \- rest. Across the strm cn the opposite f hack, were .the rscp.aitie cf tbrsc r focr cabins. ;3ome qf tkese had almbst' tumbled j into toe oreek frcm;the wearing away cf the f ground on tb»$ fiSe. I observed ; thdt phrt of the fireplace of a near cabin had tumbled 1 down the bank toward the creek, and that j the foot of an old gum boot was sticking out cf the di<L Ijt seemed to project from J beneath the stones forming the hgarth of an j cld chimney- I thought it strange that any I ;man should have laid his hearth over an bid ! gum hoot. . Then ? it occurred to . me that j some man "might have been murdered and buried under the, hearth. . 7 j 4Ctossing the creek to the old chimney, I feund tirat tbe toot of the eld boot projected from under a large fiat stone lhst jvas still in, place. T-iilted the stone, and fbund that there was only one boot there, and co sign of a human skeleton ncr bones of any kind., 1 kicked the old boot-ldbwn the bahj, and then took a pan of dirt and ashes out of the old fireplaae, as Thadin several ins|anbes mtoe pretty fair stskes in old hearths". For it is well known that the early miners were often careless, and lost a - good deal of fine gold in : retQrfcingit--bUtotog out tha quicksilver it containiEd in; shovels. As I was psBBibg down the bank I qaime tqihe old boot, and gave it another kick! eendmg it almost into the creek. It landed leg down, hill, and from the end poured a golden shower of nuggets and dust. -. , 4 In a moment I threw the dirt, put ot my. , pas aad revgreto the boot over it, when out tomblto rWO buckekin bags tultd >ith 1 gpld.duri.t: -Bo lobg bad the treasury- ?l&i;« conegaled usder tbe Iiesrih fcbat' 'theV. strings with which the bsgs were tied rotted, and one gave way under the kicks I had . bestowed upon Ijie old boot. When all the \- gold was gathered up, I found that I had nearly 2, OOOdoh t 