.Strange Fancies of Sailors. As a rule, seafaring people are -super. stitious, and, from the time of the ark down to the present day, mythical tales find circulation among the mariners :of all climes and countries, and ghostly. ships, strange tales of the sea, form a large part-of sea literature. The literature of thbe Norse man is full of strange fictions of ghostly ships and weird happenings to sailors. Lietit. F.'S. Bassett, inaninteresting article beating onthe subject, says : "' Many fishermen believe that boats which men are drowned from are after wards unlucky. Fishermen at -Bridpor' think boats are less lucky when they do not kneel in launching them, as'formerly, and they carefully turn them with theesun. At Redcar, in Yorkshire, they change the crews once a year for luck. The Northmen believed if their offerings for soulb in purgatory were not acceptable, a spectral bark would sail into .the wharf witt crews of the souls of those who had perished years before an sea. .Friends on shore 'recognised lost ones, but at midnight the bell would strike and lights.and ship din, appear as suddenly as they came. 'Beliefs in ghostly ships are not confined to ancient mariners, and strange sights and unearthly stories are given common currency by sailors of the present day. The story of thb murder of the passengers of the Dutch vessel Palatine, the burning of the vessel by her murderous crew and reappearance off Block Island, where she was burned, is now well known, and only last summer the writer talked with sober- minded men and women on that island, who avowed that during the winter of 1881, on a cold and stormnynight, this mysterious vessel made her appearancq off the harbor, with her mast and rigging all on fire, exactly as told in the original storye She was in sight some time, so theysaid, and when last seen was running directly into the teeth of the gale then blowing froe the east. A fisherman returning to port one night from a day spent on the fishing banks easwva bark heave in sight. Thinking she •might want a pilot, he made for her, but before he' could get alongside she came directly for him.; As she approached he noticed that she was' of a strange and antique build ; her sails; were old and her riggiog was.about used up, and not a soul was to be seen' on deck.l Frightened at this strange sight, he started to run in for the land, but the bark followed, rapidly came up with him, and as she went! by strange voices in an unknown tongue issued from her decks, and a frightful heat; seemed to come from her. As she wasuthen running the fisherman knew she wonuld strike in a few minutes, but all-of a sudden she disappeared from sight. To the hour of his death this old fisherman believed that he had seen aspectre ship. In "Two Yeara Before the Mast," Dana says the black cook of his first ship long feared a certain seaman, thinking him a Finn. He- said Finns were wisards, and he had known a Finnish sailmaker who could dd what uncanny things he would. He had a rum bottle always mysteriously hall full, although never replenished, and often con sulted. He talked to the bottle and fionally cut his throat in an unseamanlike way. The cook had heard of a ship in the Gulf of Fin lnd'which was beating against a head-wind, when another hove in sight, passed her with a fine brea ze aft'and all sails set, proving to be a Finnish vessel. Danadoubted his tales, whereupon-the oldest seaman in the ship was appealed to. He remembered that a eertain Finn was accused by the 'captain of a ship with Whom he had' quarrelled, of giving him a head wind, so he shut him up in the fore peak a day and a half, which summary pro. reeding brought the wind fair. Haunted ships are common enough, and ghosts apparently walk a ship's deck quite as comfortably as they do the lonely church. yard or ancient dwelling. The engineer of a steamer running between Baltimore and Savannah onxe made a sudden appearance among his mates, when the vessel was well at sea, with frightened face, and told them that something awful was surely going to happen, as he had seen a ghost walking for ward among the chains and cables. A few hours afterward the steamer encountered a storm, and was abandoned, and that engineer to-day believes that he was forewarned. A brutal engineer of a steamship, formerly I running between London and New Orleans, I had a sick fireman, whom he beat unmerci. fully because he could not do his work. From t the effects of this beating the fireman died, t and from that time until she was lost this i steamer was said to be haunted. The boiler | doors would open and shut without any ap. parent reason, and the sound of heaving coal t was heard, in the quiet watches of the night t when the vessel was lying at her dock. t Irish sailor believe that when the sunn rises on Easter morning it dances, not a jig, bht a-dignifed sort of a minuet. Many sailors will not go on a vessel if anything happened to her when she was launched." One slay aid to another : " Have you been to charcl Iosday' We had a moeet beautiful t sermon training children." "No I was a Uhome 1itH 111 h 1Ym , q 