<:í<' Launceston. -:-'' 0 r ) IFKOSI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Friday. After several days of unusual heat at companied by bush fires on the distant ranges around the town, fine rain commenced to fall, early this morning, and seems likely to continue all day. A very enjoyable game of cricket was played yesterday afternoon between the Stage, represented by Holloway's Dramatic Company, and the Press, represented by a team of players from the Daily Telegraph paper. The game was decided upon the first innings in favour of the Press, but had time allowed the second innings to be played out the decision would have been doubtful, for the "Players" had just warmed up to work. W. J. Holloway captained the Dramatic team, and D. McNamara the Pressmen. The following were the scores obtained : Stags Prkss 1st 2nd lit Vf J. Hollway 0 1 Mathews 10 O. Holloway 10 0 Groves's Jewett 10 25 McNamara 5 Stewart.. 2 33 Finch 6 Bulte 5 , Sullivan. 1 Leslie .'. 0 Orchard. 2 Sullivan .. O -Webb. 0 Hodgson 2 Scott 10 , Pearce. 4 Stearnes 8 1 Hewitt. 0 Collins .... 0 Carle 0 FeutlU.19 Sundries .. i i Sundries .... 6 Totals 61 02 Total 92 After a long interval Launceston has been visited by one of Her Majesty's ships of war, and the people treated to the unaccustomed sight of a few blue- jackets in the streets. H.M.S Swinger dropped anchor below the ' bar yesterday just before noon, and during the afternoon was visited by Colonel Warner and Lieutenant Harrap, the Mayor, and Master Warden. Lieutenant J. C. Mark, the commander, has intimated that the Swinger will remain here till Friday next, and will be open to visitors for three or four days during that time. A young man named Frederick Ryder, employed at the Academy of Music as door- keeper and usher was proceeded against at the police court this morning for using insulting language to a female who sought admission by ticket. Mr. G. T. Collins appeared for the complainant, but" at the request of the defendant the case was adjourned, to enable him to produce witnesses, till Monday afternoon. The case against the watermen, for refus- ing to take fares from the wharf to the steamer, in which some little interest has been taken, was settled at the police court, before Mr. E. Whitfield, this morning. The case had been adjourned in consequence of Mr. Miller, who appeared for the defendants, objecting to the information being laid by the superintendent of police, as he was not a party aggrieVed. Mr. Whitfield said, before proceeding with the case, he desired to say that it had been adjourned on the 23rd ult., when the objection was raised that the superintendent of police at Launceston had no power to prosecute. He had referred the question to the Attorney-General, who had referred it to the Solicitor General, and his opinion which had been received was as follows 3-21 am of opinion that the superintendent of police at Launceston, or any party aggrieved may lawfully lay an information in the present case. The Marine Board Act does not require any particular person to lay an information. Mr. Miller said in the opinion given the point at issue was not touched, for the Solicitor-General said " or any person aggrieved. The superintendent was not recognised in the Act, and the person who laid the information had to be a party having an interest. However, as the Bench would be ruled by the opinion, he would not take any further objection. The information was then read charging Daniel McColo and Robert Hardesty, licensed watermen of the port of Launceston, with having been guilty of misconduct as such by refusing to convey a woman from the wharf to the steamer, then below the bar, on the 18th February last, contrary to the 20th by-law of the Marine Board, i whereby they render themselves liable to a penalty of £10. A third information charged Henry Crawford with counselling the other defendants to offend under the 20th by-law by refusing to employ their boats when required. 4 ..... Mr. Miller contended that the information was bad, inasmuch as the by-law passed by the corporation was a restraint of the ordinary rights of a subject, and should be rigidly construed. Consequently the information should be in the very terms of the by-law itself. His clients were charged with not conveying passengers, not for " refusing to employ their boats." Mr. Whitfield The man who refuses to take a passenger has refused to employ his boat. That is the way I look at it . William Pitman deposed that on the 18th February last he was on the wharf when the tug was taking passengers to the T.S.N. Co.'s steamer lying below the Bar. : A lady arrived upon the wharf after the tug had left. 11 On behalf of this lady ; witness asked defendent, McColo, to convoy her in his boat to the steamer. McColo shook his head, and said he would not do it. A gentleman named Walker also asked the boatmen to take the lady across, or lend him a boat, but they refused, and he had to get a boat from the steamer Dorset to take the lady to the steamer. To Mr. Miller: I saw three watermen present, McCole, Crawford, and one in a boat. George M. Eddie, secretary of the Launceston Marine Board, deposed that McColo, and Hardesty, were licensed watermen at the port of Launceston, having paid their fees for the current year. To Mr. Miller : The watermen paid 5s. for the watermen and 5s. for the man, The tug was licensed to carry passengers. There were regulations for the conveyance of passengers by the tug, but witness had not got them with him. The tug was not employed in taking the steamer out of harbour ; she was employed in conveying passengers to the steamer over the bar. The conveyance of passengers to and from the vessels in the river was the principal employment of the licensed water- men, and if the tug had not been so employed the watermen's boats would have had to carry the passengers. The tug was not usually employed in that service, and witness presumed that by the employment of the tug, the watermen licensed by the board lost the fares of their ordinary work. He did not know of any official regulation authorising the employment of the tug for such a purpose. The old boat accommodation at the wharf was gone, and on the 18th of February he did not know whether there was any safe and proper means for a woman to get from the wharf into a boot. He did not know that the approach to the waterman's steps was at present dangerous for the boats. William Windeatt, postmaster at Laura ceston deposed to being on the wharf on the 18th of February last, when the steamer was departing for Melbourne, and saw a lady seek to be conveyed by the watermen to the steamer below the bar. They all refused, McCole in particular. Hardesty was there. Witness interceded on behalf of the lady, and asked McCole to take her, but he declined.' ' 'i This was the case for the information, and Mr. Miller contended that there was not a tittle of evidence against Crawford and Hardesty. The' Bench ' coincided with this view, and dismissed those two defendants. Mr. Miller said he did not pretend to say that there was considerable bitterness the part of these men against the T.S N. Co., but when the Marine Board, which ought to protect their licensed watermen, let out their costly old tub, kept up at the public expense, to go into opposition with the watermen, and deprive them of their precarious living, they were guilty of a moral injustice to the very men they ought to protect. It was well-known that the T.SN. Co. was always endeavouring to screw down the legal fares that these men could charge, and when the company found that they could not get an ordinary steamer to do the work they actually got the use of the public property in the care of the Marine Board. He submitted that the boatmen had a reasonable excuse for their action when the Marine Board commenced competing with them. In effect they said " the tug has been put on to take these passengers from us ; let it take all, for we are not to be made occasional use of, and then defrauded out of a chance of earning a few shillings " There was another reasonable excuse for the men not plying their trade in the fact that the Marine Board had not provided safe and proper accommodation to get passengers into their boats. He would also call evidence to show that McCole could not work that day. He would call McColo himself to prove this. The Superintendent said he would object to that Mr. Miller : You cannot. This is not a criminal prosecution, Bernard Patrick Farrelly deposed he was on alderman of the town. On the 19th of February a deputation of the boatmen, headed by McCole, called upon him with reference to the want of accommodation for their boats at the Wharf. Witness inspected the temporary landing place for the boats and found them unfit and improper for the purpose. Robert Hardesty deposed he was a licensed waterman of the port of Launceston. On the 18th of February he saw McCole requested to take a passenger. McCole was not at work that day because he was not well. He appeared unwell to witness, and did not do any work that day. The steps were not safe to take a female down into a boat, and females had refused to go down in them on several occasions, though others went down. To the superintendent : When passengers were being conveyed to and from a steamer the watermen united, and divided the fares between them, so as to prevent rushing. On the 18th of February the watermen felt aggrieved at the action of the Marine Board in letting out the tug in opposition to them. If the T.S N Co. had arranged with the boatmen they would have taken the passengers on at the crafts or somewhere else and conveyed them to the steamer. McCole told Mr. Windeatt that he was unwell. Mr. Miller tendered the defendant's own evidence, as the penalty was only a fine under a by-law, but Mr. Whitfeld refused to accept it, and decided that reasonable excuse for the refusal to take a fare had not been shown. The defendant was fined 20s. and costs. [By Electric Tkleorapii.) The Holloway Dramatic Company brought their stay in Launceston to a close to night, when Mr. W. J. Holloway took a farewell benefit, and elected to appear in Hamlet. The popularity of this deserving Australian actor, and the success of his occupancy of the Academy of Music was shown by a house crowded in every port, notwithstanding a very wet night. The dress circle was filled with a fashionable audience. The performance as a whole was a success, though in preparing a tragedy like Hamlet for a single performances small company is taxed to the utmost, and must necessarily exhibit some imperfections. Still, it was evidently considered a dramatic treat for the whole audience evinced a very appreciative enjoy- ment of the performance. Mr. W. J. Hol loway's Hamlet is a very correct and carefully acted character, showing a letter perfect acquaintance with the text, which was delivered with faultless elocution, graceful action, and a mind imbued with all the tradition that has accumulated around the representation of the Danish Prince. It would be hard to find any specific fault with it, and yet it lacked the utter loss of the actor's , personality in the character he assumes, which students of the great tragedy look for still at times, notably at the conclusion of the second act, the play scene, and the mid- night scene in the Queen's chamber, Mr. Holloway reached a perfect realisation, and conveyed to the audience the Hamlet of their best intellectual conception. Miss Essie Jenyns, as Ophelia, has certainly added another part to her list of successes, and she will compare very favourably with actresses of wide repute. The mad scene held the audience in breathless silence, for a few minutes, so painfully pathetic did she succeed in making it. Mr. H. R. Jowett, as the King, and Miss Kate Arden as the Queen, were both very successful, and their acting all through was highly commendable. Mr. H. Hodson, as Polonious, represented the character in the traditional mode with rather more of the- traditional faults than usual. The part of the ghost, with that of the first gravedigger, was allotted to Mr. Chas. Holloway, who scored a success in the latter part, but fell short in the difficult part of ghost. Several of the other players marred their parts by rattling the. blank verse,' and breaking it through want of study but the whole performance was a success, though the great tragedy finds naturally the most exacting critics. At the conclusion of the fifth act Miss Jenyns was called in front of the curtain and received a round of applause, and a shower of bouquets after the final fall of the curtain. Mr. W. J. Holloway, who was received with cheers, came forward and thanked the public for the liberal patronage that had been extended to the company. It had been said that Shakespeare means bankruptcy to a manager ; but, thanks to the appreciative public of Launceston, their Shakesperian representations had been their most successful performances. The sailors who had run away from the " barque Countess of Rothes were apprehended V to-day at Rocher's Creek,' and will be sent x. down the river to therese! to-morroWl"--''1'01 