THE IRISH QUESTION. TO THK EDITOR. Sir—I wish to inform "T. Walsh" that at the late patriotic Union Irish Protestantism was estimated to verge close on 1,400,000 strong, and that" Orange Generalship" could at a low estimate with " mathematical accuracy" count on 1,200,000. I expect to hear him denying this. If I say a crow is black " T. W. says it is white. This seems to*be a specialty in Home Rule tactics. Again, did Irish landlords not get their estates either from conquest, inheritance, or purchase, and did South Australia either conquer, inherit, or purchase hers? Where is South Australian's title to be preferred to the Irish landlords' title? I leave this to " T. W.'s" ignorance to decide. He says Ulster's "tenant right is the cause of her prosperity." How is it then that Protestants are happy and prosperous in either north or south and that the Papists of the north are equally miserable with those ef the south, and their homes (if not in the poorhouse) like the sluggard's garden? As regards exorbitant rents it is a thing of the oast. If not. what is the good of the three F.'s, viz., fair rent. &c.;, &c.; If we judge a man's religion by his company I say that Protestant Home Rulers only go the length of their pockets. "Birds of a feather flock together," and with reference to the few old " cranks" mentioned by " T. W." as converts I would say their loss is not great. One old fellow," 70 years cf age"—it is very probable he [was doting or fooliBh, and an old fool is the worst of fools. I enclose clipping re American Romanism:—" The American Catholic Review, in its latest number, declares that 'very little good seems to have come from the reading of the Scriptures by the people at large,' and that 'even among Catholics it fosters a Calvinistic spirit.' According to the Catholic Telegraph had the Roman Catholic Church retained all her children there should now be in America from 20,000,000 to 25,000,000 members of that Church, whereas there are now less than 7,000,000. It attributes the great loss to the influence of the public schools." .Reasoning drawn from the colonies would give autonomy to Ulster. How is it Home Rulers wish to force their favours on her? The time for an ox and an asB to be yoked has not arrived. Without Ulster would their chance for separation not be good enough, or do they want UlBter to feed their lazy hosts of southern naupers? (Surely 80 per cent, of them in Ulster already is a fair share. Orangemen, by constitutional means, would gladly aid in adjusting the land_ question, bat any reasonable land concessions are a poor substitute for British liberty, and there- fore they refuse to sell their birthright for such a miserable mess of pottage, and while there is an Orangeman in Ulster the Home Rule harp without the crown there shall never wave. So much for Mr. Walshe. Next comes your correspondent " C. M. L." Belonging to the species which goes by sight and not byscent, he says " he can see at a glance." What? Anything but himself. If he saw himself " as ithers see him, it wadfrae mony a blunder free him." After gathering up a few statements he gets them printed higgely-piggeldy like a ragman's bag. He tells us, " Irishmen did not approve of murdering Cavendish," and almost in the same breath says "barbarity"—English of course—"must meet with barbarity." Comment is unnecessary. The bag stinks with the herrings. O'Donovan says " Every Englishman going into Ireland, &c.;, must be elaiu. Let your readers judge. Again he says, "'True Blue' cannot think for himself;" but after trying in vain to find a tear to shed for Irish grievances, he pulls up the corner of his mouth in triumph and asks—"' True Blue,' what do you say?" and " Let ' True Blue' " (who cannot think for himself) "consider that." Yes, perhaps some night when he can't sleep for fear of being blown up by Irish brethren. Rossa has 1,000 true Irishmen who love our Queen, and would oblige Her Majesty by blowing up London, and "True Blue" has not got "common justice" to blame England for this, as well as Irish ignorance and Irish murders, and if Pat falls over his shillelagh and breaks his neck—och wirra-sthrua. Again he says Irishmen, "poor, rich, &c.;," can think for themselves. Fortunately " True Blue," being an Irishman, is included in these luminaries, and therefore " can think for himself—that is, he " can and he cannot." Poor " C. M. L." " Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis a folly to be wise." This is the man who is yelping up at the noble .Lord ChurchhUl. He says, "' True Blue' would not wish to see Irish in positions." Where did he get tins from? Not from my letter. The idea has come into his little bead, and he must rattle it off bow, wow. He says "'True Blue' has not read both sides of the question;" but it is just the eame on the other side, only a little different. The sum and substance of my letter was and is that Home Rulers are morally unfit to govern themselves or others, and "C. M. L." can make what he likes out of it. They have in reality been ruling three-fourths of Ireland and receiving concessions equal to any other British subject, and we find their last state worse than the first, and, like the (horseleech, their cry is give, give, while the remaining quarter of Ireland is happy, strong, and free, and intends to still be free, notwithstanding the daring insult of Gladstone to connect them politically with Home Rulers, who seem to be a herd of insatiable hypochondriachs, always sick, and always able to do their share at the dining-table, and who would never let Ireland rest had they Home Rule ten times over (I mean the Rulers). Henry II. conquered Ireland for Pope Adrian IV., and since then they have been hewers of wood and drawers of water, and nntil that yoke be removed Irish or English will legislate in vain for the troubled isle, I am, Sir, &c.;, TRUE BLUE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I think it would be impossible for any sane man to keep within the bounds of moderation and follow " True Blue" in his tirade of selfish intolerance and unwarranted abuse. " True Blue" does not know Michael Kenny if he thinks I would change my countenance at any act of brutality the Orangemen could commit when supported by English law on their nnoffending and unarmed Catholic neighbours. " True Blue" states that 50,030 Protestants lost their lives in 1041,1 think. I will put this in another way. It took England 400 years to extend her laws and jurisdiction from 1 to 20 miles from the walls of Dublin, and England kept sending fresh invaders from time to time to Ireland during that whole period. When the Protestant religion was established in England on a firm basis—by what means it is not necessary to mention here, more than that it was so satisfactory that England could turn all her attention to force her pet scheme on her weaker neighbour. I will leave the rest of this part of the tale to "True Blue" to tell, but I think he might add an 0 or two to his figures and make it 500,000 Protestants, or 5,000.000 Protestants and Englishmen put together from the first invasion up to the Treaty of Limerick. Perhaps " True Blue" does 'not know the conditions of the treaty— that the people of Ireland should enjoy the freedom of civil and religious liberty ; that the Irish army could march out of Limerick, fnllv accoutred, with drums beating and colours flying; those that turned to the right were to be provided with shipping to take them to a foreign country; those that turned to the left to join the English army, or go to their homes. It is needless to say that none joined, and that those who went home had very soon to fly from the country as wild eeese, as the French called them, because, as history repeats itself, before the ink was dry on :the paper the Protestant Bishop of Dublin preached that there was no sin in breaking a treaty made between a Protestant and a Catholic. Another Bishop, 1 think the Protestant Bishop of Armagh, preached that now the Iris army was gone the next best thing to do would be to exterminate the rest. "True Blue" states that 100,000 Irish Catholics cannot write their names. " True Blue" is not so ignorant as not to be aware that the laws of his father's or the laws of the Protestant Parliament of Ireland forbid Catholics to be educated in Ireland or out of Ireland and return at the risk of a death penalty, and every Parliament since the Treaty of Limerick to the passing of the Union passed such Acts of Parliament without number. I will give the worst Act in answer to a question in the Irish Parliament—there is no law for a Catholic in Ireland. I will also give the first Act of grace—that it shall be lawful for any Catholic lending money to a Protestant to recover said money by a process at law. There was not a national school in Ireland in my schooldays, and I did not know or hear of the Government of England ever spending Is. to educate the Catholic people. In the face of those facts, will not every intelligent reader admit that the Catholics of Ireland are the most industrious, the most patient, and the most intelligent people in the world, and to survive such codes or acts of persecution and intolerance? "True Blue" states what I consider the whole of the Catholic population of Ulster to be in the poorhouses, because I never thought there were any Catholics or that the Catholics could live where Orangemen were allowed so many privileges. John Mitchell, the historian, states that 7,000 Catholic houses were levelled or burned to the ground in one or two years in the County Armagh, and that the English Government sent £G00 worth of powder and ball to the red boyB of Ulster to shoot down the Catholic fugitives who were crawling out of that terrible province, in all that has been done to exterminate and , proselyte the Irish Catholic, the last inveu- j tion is the only one that ever had a chance to succeed. I will give it to " True Blue" to add to his stock of inventions. The London Times states that the Protestant Home Rulers of Ireland are Catholics in disguise. What next ? What next " True Blue" must telL I am. Sir, &c;„ MICHAEL KENNY. TO THE EDFFOB. Sir—Home Liberalism is still true to Home Rule and to Mr. Gladstone. I was very much pleased by reading the Anglo - Colonial letter in the Register of to-day. It shows plainly that the Liberals lost by absentee voters. It was the same in 1874. The late Mr. Forster was the great cause of that calamity. He never was a true Liberal. He was called at home in political circles the "Jonah" of the party. He very nearly wrecked the party in 1882. Bat they have a worse "Jonah'" now—a real traitor to the party of progress—and I was so glad to find that he had such a thorough snubbing at Cardiff The Welsh Nonconformists and the Scotch Presbyterians have sadly disappointed him. He mistook these nationalities, as most Englishmen have done before to their sorrow. Now, to prove that true Radicalism is yet healthy a&d; strong I will take WaleB and Scotland as proof. Consider first Wales. It returns thirty members. In 18S0 it returned two Tories, in 1885 three, and this year four—a wonderful increase, is it not? Chamberlain is a Nonconformist, so is John Bright, so are North and South Wales. These two once great leaders I am sure have no hold on the masses at home now. These two men did a great deal more writing to the newspapers than Mr. Gladstone did, although the London telegraphists of the Australian Press hint that" writing letters to newspapers" is rather a low business because Mr. Gladstone does it. Yet Messrs. Chamberlain and Bright did a great deal of this vulgar work. Yes, they wrote a great deal to my poor countrymen. They thought Taffy was a great fooL They really believed in their very hearts that Wales of all places would give a solid vote of twenty-six to the Union; but Cymry was too honest for them. A Welshman did not wish poor Ireland to be coerced any* longer, and to have some 40.000 soldiers just over the Channel to act as land bailiffs for cruel, heartless, absentee landlords. The Welsh suffer just as much from the feudal system, so they can easily sympathize with the Irish cause. One stanch Welsh Radical wrote them to say that several hundreds of years of coercion and wicked governing over that unhappy country by England, and that fifty-two years of holy devotion to his country's good by the beloved Mr. Gladstone, and his great age and the great deeds he had done in the battles of liberty, commanded the whole sympathy and faithfulness of the Welsh and the Scotch nation towards him, and that if some Englishmen deserted him and forgot his noble works, this they—the Cymry—did not, and after a hard fight Chamberlain & Co. had only three members out of twenty-six. In Scotland again they stood true to Ireland's cause and to Mr. Gladstone personally. We find the people sending Unionists out of the political camp—even Sir G. Trevelyan and Mr. Goschen were left out by the Scotch. These two men were, like the late Mr. Forster, a drag to Liberalism. Scotland returned thirtyeight ifriends to the Irish cause and of Mi. Gladstone ont of fifty-nine members. Only eight Conservatives and thirteen Unionists were elected out of this number. These two nations are thoroughly Protestant to the very core. And, again, in the North of Ireland the most independent and the most intelligent of the Protestants there voted in favour of Home Rule. Analysis of the votes given there will clearly prove this. So the ugly cry of " No Popery" has completely failed in the very strongholds of Protestantism. This question is not a religious question. It is purely political. In trying to inflame religious hatred amongst the different races Mr. Chamberlain committed his political suicide. If Messrs. Bright and Chamberlain had their sway the millennium would never come. Have religious hatred and animosity not lasted long enough, the most cruel to all curses to humanity ? " True Blue," " J. G.," and others write about the assassinations which have taken place in Ireland. I can only use the noble and true words of Joe Cowen, M.P. for Newcastle-on-Tyne, in the Hcuse of Commons that these terrible deeds " should be set to the account not of those who made them, but to the account of those who made them necessary." A Welsh member said that Garibaldi, while in England, was asked what was to be done with Ireland. He was told that England hadtriedeverything almost. He gravely asked the statesman, "Have you tried liberty V" Give them selfgovernment, or the right to govern their own internal Irish affairs, and they will not have a ghost of a chance to be discontented with England. I will not write again on this subject, and I hope that, for their own sake, "True Blue," "J. G.," "Loyalist," and others will not be such fools as to throw vulgar expressions at Mr. Gladstone. He has been called the Antichrist by the Tories, and that archderider, Archdeacon Denison, - called him Satan. As to the two coming men. Sir Charles Dilke (I am sorry he has been so reckless) and Joseph Chamberlain, they have cooled the feelings of the people very much against them. But the people will rise with a mighty power and strength in a few months hence, and the great abuses which the masses suffer under will be swept away with a terrible force. There is no lack of strong men amongst the Liberal party to lead and to carry great measures through victoriously. I am. Sir, &c; , RADICAL. Caltowie, August 14. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—Your correspondent " Loyalist" indulges in strange rhapsody against Mr. Gladstone and his policy for the amelioration of poor Ireland. The expressions used by your 'loyal humbug" are nothing less than the froth of a little mind. But it is now as it ever was: when a man is down, down with him. And it is such men as your correspondent shows himself to be that are the first to hiss when a great man falls, and perhaps the first to cheer when the same man is successful. Such, indeed, are the miserable inconsistencies ofsomespecimensof frail humanity. This selfstyled "Loyalist" barefacedly calls a man a " muddler" who has shown himself the star of English politicians—a man who has filled with honour all the highest offices in the English Legislature, who has been repeatedly Chancellor of the Excheauer, ana twice Prime Minister of England. Sir, I do not write this letter for tne sake of argument, therefore I have advanced none. But, upon my word, I cannot keep my pen still when I see mean mediocrity trying to cast aspersions on a man who is as far removed from * 1 Loyalist" in~intellectual endowments—and perhaps loyalty toe—as the heavens are frcm the earthfi I am, Sir, &c;, 9 PATRICK W. FBANCIS, Lipson, August 14. .SLIW'W I MIF TO THE EDITOE. Sir—In a recent issue of your paper a correspondent signing himself " Loyalist" professes to know a great deal about the Irish question. If he hai studied the question a little more perhaps he would not write in such an erroneous way. I presume "Loyalist" is a follower of that King of " glorious and immortal memory," and of course is a persistent opposer of anything brought forward to mend the condition of Ireland. As for his statement about Gladstone acting on his own responsibility, it is simply ridiculous, as he was only defeated by a narrow majority. And "Loyalist" goes on to relate about 10,000 loyal Protestants being handed over to ths mercies of " Parnell & Co." Now, Sir, does not all the reading public know that Mr. Parnell is himself a stanch Protestant, and many of his supporters also, and the contention that a Parliament in Ireland would injure his co-religionists is absurd in the extreme. Then "Loyalist" says the intention of Home Rule is to hand Ireland over to the Pope, and therefore shows his gross ignorance of the whole question, because, if that was the case, do you think, Mr. Editor, an atheist—as " Loyalist" meaningly terms Mr. Bradlaugh—would vote for such a measure ? And as for the men who opposed the Bill, they were not—and taking a humane view of the question are not as good—one whit better than those who supported it. But such feeble attempts as those of "Loyalist" will not prevent Ireland having her own. I am, Sir, &c.;, WESTERN. THE COMMERCIAL BANK CONTEIBPTOEIES. —At the Supreme Court on Friday, August 20, His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut disposed of a motion by Mr. A. M. Woods to have his name struck off the list of shareholders in the Commercial Bank. Mr. A. Davies appeared for the applicant, and the Crown Solicitor (Hon. C. Mann, Q.CJ for the liquidators of the Bank. His Honor decided that Mr. Woods's name must remain on the list, and this decision was held to bind the cases of Messrs. S. Good and William Searle, who bad similar applications to make, costs to follow the decision. Five other motions to be Btruck off the list were adjourned, and upon t heir being disposed of the list will be settled. We can recommend anybody requiring good a Strong Watch to try a Gent's Silver Hunting English Lever, ftom £610s.; Superior Line, latest improve, ments. from £710s. These Watches have stood the test of years, and can only be procured at A. L. Brockhorst's (late Steiner's), io&, Bundle-street. mscvfi 