AT T««iotr . " - - .HAPTEBS;' r , : „ < By ATHA, "OBAPTEh L ..... enviable rngitinT. „» JL " ."'tWaaible. »na Qttscd'' attractive » 8mal» and nil wh"thHon bMf, $&sri;? hot Vipont selected me as' fL 6ommnie during her tour son -Bk Australian colonies with her eorroi- thTt ehoo.k-0o®e mysterious wMhh L .w weanne hi® away, and j Ms mother seemed to fear would graduaiiy drive him to his grave. the tito. t?ti- V®" With mother ana son at out S! H8t ?pe8' We lingered aDoesMd t n m 7' bat the letter' St a ?r wo«o, and Mrs. Vipont Wales tCy a Bea triP t0 South mother? althogh kind and open- hearted as a rule, was narrow-minded, proud, j' on uooasions, cruelly selfish. It was Fit a at 8he waB oroelly jealous of cue inflpenoe of other women over the son she idolised. I had he»rd from time to time vague rumours of trouble that had come in connection with the hon. lady's last com panion, If this was true, I had no reason to imagine that . my company would he dangerous to him. It never appeared to me, ""I $afc Vipont troubled him-: self about one woman especially ; though he seemed partial to, the eooiety of ladies, and admired their beau'y, he was the same to all. He was a strange, wayward, incom- preherisible youpg roan to me, was Edgar Yipcnt. 8o poljte, to clever, and handsome, in kpita of his illness, yet in other ways so uncivilised. 1 was always reminded in my interqeorse -with him of the old proverb, sera fob a Bu$sian and you'll find him a Tartar,' and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of." coffee — in whi h he was secretly administering to you a doHe of deadly poison —were "sweet for your taste, and taking infinite pains' to make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the City of Sydney. Mrs. Yipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, oh the heights over looking the magnificent harbour, and the place was made gay by constant company, Edgar Yipont would .often pass whole days with us, but there were times when he would become morose, shot himself in his room, and refuse to eee anyeme for a week together. Once, as l wa passing the door of his private eittingropm during one of his melan choly depressions, I noticed with enrprise the door standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, fpr it was usually kept closed and locked. Woman- like, I paused to glance over the luxuriant furniture, wben my gase fell on a full -length portrait that hang at the farther extremity of it; Is was q piotura of a young and lovely woman, wjth a pale, oval face, long, dark hair; perfect featpres, and the most haunting, melancholy, jhrpwn eyes I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to suoh a degree (bat I was held spellbound to the spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expresribn pf agonised appeal, sb intense and real as if they hd been living eyes, out of whioh the soul looked for sympathy. A sadden noise proceeded from the inner room, broke the spell, and I fled to my room like a guilty thief takfjb in tbe act. This incident; happened just one month after onr srtival' in the colonies, but, as the weeks and months went by, it faded from my mind altogether. One wet, chilly day in August Mrs. Vipont and I wore alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful stories to her while she reclined on a couch near the window, looking out at the mountainous waves rolling inward at tbe Heads. While I read the door opened, and E igar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale faos, which was most distressing to behold. 4 Good-morning, mother,' he eaia, in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table beside her eofa. 4 Good morning. Miss Adams,' and be bowed to me with his usual esremonious politeness. 4 1 have brought yon these flowers. See, the camellias are finer than I ever remember to have seen them in Earope, and the Qtnfeip Ab, delightful !' cried the aristocratic dame, kissing lier son, and inhaling the perfume of the rich purple flowers. 4 'What taste you have, Edgar ; no one could have arranged this bouquet as yon have. How are you this morning, my eon ?' she added, with anxious look at his anxious face. Edgar Vipont laid his band on his bosom. 4 1 feel wearied, mother, but I have nothing new to complain of. Want of Bleep, want of cst ib my great aliment ; and neither Dr. Ma&n; nor Bernhardt— no, nor your own famousltalian medico, Besaluio. seems able to help me . there/ And he raised his slender, wasted bqnd to his head. t The hon. lady looked at him with all tbe mother in her. gaze. . , , 4 Tell me, is your rest disturbed as ever, she asked, sbtiotiFly. , Yes.' be replied ; 'either I do not sleep At all or, fo: speak more coireetly. become acutely, painfolly wakeful when evening falls and ether more fortunate mortah are sunk In quiet slumber ; or my sleep is filled with Salens, which, though I cannot xecall tbem when I wake, are, T feci sensible, so full of suffering and a nsmelFse horror to me that thfy wear me far more then wakefulness would do f and he paused and eighed oeeply. Tbeo ' suldenly raising himself, he saiu, m a most toup, 4 By the way, mere, guess who is in Sydney . nignt, Ooroe, guess,' - Yipont ann0t ray replied Mrs. remembers you years, ago, mother, tt , Jf 00 wcre married— when yod ware gtlea FcfiBoue and the belle of the li mdoo seapn, cried Edgar, warmly. » I tbld him ..In spijtb of your or y-five years, abd asked him to 00013 to us to-night iq a friendly Wav, You do hot receive tc-qight, ma mere t r 1 ; r: \- to-tiight, my Child.1 Only the sxevere 0 larq and Ada Pollett are likely to 0 , r But who is this bid friend V V .oae Der than , the ctriiaenfc pbyria- lpgist, Prcfessor Hugh Drayton, the lanstrious eavXnt. of whom all the world is tA'kiug.' I noticed the Hon, Mrs.' Vipont's slender fingers tighten on the back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. Te8— ! I remember himj she cried. A wonder Jul man ; but he has the reputa tion of being a magician— a what do you call it m these days, Edgar? And now ' ?0W his lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of Nature, mother, I believe,' he answered. 4 Last night we talked together a great deal cn occult matters, and be told ma some marvellous experiences he has been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places, stranger, indeed, and more marvellous than those ' of home and his eohool, though the Professor himself dis claims spy intercourse with, or belief in any supermundane powers, yoo know.' 4 No doubt; the Professor is a strange being. Would you credit the fact that this game Hugh Drayton foretold to me in my youth much that has sines come to pasB? Gould the hidden powers, as you call tnem, enable him to do that?' 4 1 do not., know, mother,' he replied, rising, and looking, intently at her, for she had beaome very pale. 4 What says Miss Adams?' and he tome'd towards me. The question, made ma laugh, it was not possible to/find a more, matteroof-f sot person than myself. I felt totally void of imagina tion, and tqas sever troubled with a reverie or a day- dream in my life. I had no belief whatever, either in Mr. Home's spiritual mission, or in Professor Drayton's secret powers — no more than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of banshees, or Irish fairies. So I shook my head inoredolonsly. 4 1 fear that I am one of little faith, Mr. Vipont,' I said. 4 Your old friend, the sai)antt would find me a very stiff- necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views.' 4 Have you ever studied the subjeot?' asked Edgar Yipont. No,' I admitted. . I should not think of studying it seriously, any more than I should attempt to'praotise astrology, or magic.' 4 Our rape are famed for. being the most praetiaal people on tbe face of the globe. Perhaps you wonld not be so inoredulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I have amongst a sect you designate 44 mad spiritualists." You smile.' 4 Pardon me, sir; but only think of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place, both on the continent of Earope and in England. Do they not shake your faith?' Not so,' answered he, with some anima tion. 4 In all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams ; but that does not hinder there being a residuum of honest men among them, 1 truafc. Look at mesmerism ; no une doubts the truth of the phenomenon now, though for a long time the crowd of oharlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer oast discredit on what is. now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplioable of pbysioal phenomena.' True, sir ; bat — — ' 4 Well, well, interrupted he, smiling, 4 Professor Drayton will be here this evening, and, perhaps, he will give us a sample of his powers. Would it try your nerves much, mother— or yours, Mis Adams ?' The Hon.; Mrs. Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By-and-by e, mothsr and son negan to con verse together iu low tones, and I saw her face grow troubled, and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on the first pretext for escape I rose and left the rooro. As I was going these words from Mrs. Vipont fell on my ear : 4 Can yod not forget even now , Edgar ! She is not dead'— aha has left you ; she has forgotten you. Gome, my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont.' 'And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. Chapter II. As I stood before my dressing-table arranging my toilet, previous to going down to Mrs. Vipont's room that evening, my eyes rested on something that lay sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected throngh the mirror. I turned, and observed between the wainscoting of the room and tbe wall, a small object, whioh glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to tbe light. It was a plain gold locket, set with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair and a small portrait— the same fascinat ing face, with the sad. imploring eyes, which had held hie spell-bound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment a strange feeling of fear came over me, and £ looked around, half- expeoting to encounter the original, an idea that made me laugh heartily the moment afterwards. To whom could the locket belong? I examined it long and carefully by the gas light, and then etood in thought before tbe fire, from whioh I was suddenly aroused by the ringing of Mrs. Vipont'e bell. Hastily slipping the trinket into my pock6t, I hurried down to her ladyship. I found my mistress dressed in black velvet, delicate lace end pearls, and that she wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with the two Miss Pollett's, the elder a stout, apathetic lady of thirty ; the other a tail, jolly, and strong- minded person, two years younger, with spectacles on her nose/and a decided The .Professor fcid'.goi yqiMrjrftkd'; as I entered. elder, Was deriding his sqCret .fotofi |ho)ry, ; and- she of the, spectacles urging fc.bat, each nonsense shbuifi be taken : to wh by tbe church. Ib a. few tubbieiits th3 door opened, and Professor DraytoH ehterod. aud I, for one, Yas forced' to qonfses that his appearance, at any rate, inspired coofidenca and respect. _ . He vras, a fine-looking man of, five aud- fifty. with a close-shaven, well- featured face, and a pair of snd dl, peering, hazei eyes that seemed to look. one through and through. Wo . were introduced to him oho after another, and he then immediately fell into talk with the Hon: Mrs. Vipont, her son, and Djra Pollett, whilst I and Miss Pollett sat by, listening. 4 W«li, but .tell., ne, .dear Profes?or,' said Mrs. Vipont, after an animated disoassion, 4 is there &ny; of us who yon think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you will,' The visitor looked around and smiled 4 You at least, Mrs,. Vipont, are scarcely to be called sensitive to my young friend Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Pollett,' and" he bowed to the lady in spectacles, 4 would prove too mueb for it ; but stay, this young lady' — and na looked attentively at me — 4ie, I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call it.' 4 1, sir 2 Impossible !' cried I, laughing. 4 What ! Miss Adams?' they all ex- ol&imed;, 4 Why, sh9 is an ntter uobsliever in every- thing, practical almost to heresy,' added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his eyes on me with a search ing gaza, which made me feel very un« oomfortable. . . 4 In spite of what you aver to the con trary, I fed certain that Miss Adams is very alive to, and easily affected by the power I believe in,' he returned. May 1 test you ?' he asked, suddenly approaching me. For the life of me, muoh as I should have preferred it, I could not say no, but gave my consent at once ; and, by the Professor's directions, tbe doors were fastened, the lights lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite him. He placed something — a piece of metal- in my hand, and bade me look at it steadily. His eyes exercised an extraordinary inflaenoe over me, and I obeyed, and for a tow minutes a deep eilenae reigned in the apartment. I started. Had I been sleeping ? What had happened to me ? I felt as if I had passed through a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in anctber world— a world which appeared to centre in the . presence of one being, and that _ being Was Professor Drayton. His piercing glanoe fell into mine with a blazing triumphant expression as he laid his hand on my forehead and Raid, 4 See !' I shuddered, and looked around. We were no longer in the room. Beside the Professor, almost.. -touching him, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery from head to foot, and from whom there emanated an indescribable odour. I saw Mrs. Vipont shiver and turn pale. Her eon looked ghastly, Stella Pollett stood silent, almost appalled,, while the youngest sister crouched down beside her, trembling visibly, and holding the elder's hand as if for protection. I heard thw Professor mattering to himself something, of which the words 4 peculiar' and 1 strange' only caught my ears. 4 What do yon see, Miss Adams ?' he in quired presently. I straggled to spsak, but my vocal powers seamed numbed ; than, in a voice strange and hollow that it startled those who were listening: 4 1 see a form 'tall and white, standing beside Hagh Drayton,' and I pointed my fingers towards it. - 4 Describe it further,' replied the Pro fessor. 4 1 cannot see the face,' I answered ; 4 it is covered, by a white drapery.' 'Tell the being you. see to raise the drapery, he commanded, I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long, white haud, and removed the folds that hid its face from my view. As it did so a nameless terror seized me, and, I fancy, convulsed me, for I remember Mrs. Vipont cry out: 4 Professor Drayton, she is ill ! Pray rouse her!' And then I was quiet again; yet I recognised the face at once. It was tbe original of the portraits I had seen in Edgar Vipont's room. 4 Describe what yon see,' commanded tbe Professor again. 4 A woman,' I murmured, 4 young, dark, very pale, brown eyes, loag, black hair, very sad expression !' 4 Stop her, for mercy's sake 1' cried Mrs. Vipont, starting forward, for her bog bad sank back on the sofa insensible, whilst tbe siBters were attempting to open the doer in terror. Tbe seance was at an end. In a few momenta I was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and her v siiors, assisted by some of the servants, who had been summoned, busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to consciousness, and he was oarried to bis apartments, deeply affected by what had transpired. Ab our visitors were leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached, and aid, 4 Ladies, let me ask you a question. Had any of you a lock of hair or a souvenir of friend or relations of deceased about this evening ?' They all replied in the negative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay tbe looket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. 4 Well, ladies, said he, 4 1 am really at a loss to aoqoiant for the strange odour that was visible in this room an hour ago.' 4 We all perceived it,' answered the younger Miss Pollett, pushing up ber spectacles to look at him. 'Indeed, Pro fessor, you are a most wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an exoellent subjeot. Do you feel alarmed or fatigued ?' she added, turning So tre 4 No, only a little dazed; but I confess I am in no small measure shooked,' I replied. 4 1 did not expsot or desire to find myself so alive in secret powers, whatever they may be and I tried to laugh, but shuddered instead, i as I Caught "the Professor's fall, ronnff eye; fixed on me, „ 4 You motfc hsve a strong rapport with tbeT' spirit, or being, or" power you eawr t&ar; evening, Misb Adams/ 'said he. 1 Ifvyha! Bhould at any time see it again. wiU yotn: write and dell me all the particulars of JyeoK experience'?'-- - :>vvc£ 4 See i again' I muttered in a horrified tone. 4 Nay, I trust not ; but if I added, hastily, 4 1 will do As yonrdebire: Ft the spell he had exercised over me iron; not quite yet dispelled. Oar visitors departed, and we were aioner —that is. Mrs. Vipont and L She was siieat, embarrassed, stern almost in -her manner, end I attended her at her- toilets. r; I# was my duty to read her to sleep, but on Ehil occasion she dismissed me wita a portf 4 good-night,' ... As I was about to oioee the doer of her! bedroom I chmced to put my hand in toy pocket for my handkerchief, when my .fingers: om8 in ooncaet with the locket. Strange, indeed, I should have forgotten it after tbe query of the Professor. I re-closed the door, and approached the bed. 4 Madame, 1 have something to say— a confession l to make,' I said. Mrs. Vipont looked at mo with a smile of languid inquiry. 4 What have you to say, Miss Adams 4 Do you remember, madams, when Pror lessor Drayton asked if any of us held any thing that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative ?' 4 Perfectly !' she answered, with interest, and sitting up said, 4 Well ?' 4 1 bad forgotten that I had this in my pocket when he put the question, madams/ and I put the trinket into her hand She gave a sadden cry of pain as if this thing had been a deadly snake, and had stung her. 4 Where did you get this?' she demanded, fiercely, and clutching ms by the wrist tightly, so tightly that the pain made me gasp. 4 Madame, I picked that locket np in ray room this evening, just before I came down to yoa, I put it hastily in my packet when the bell rang, and the fact of its being there has been recalled to my mind onlv this moment/ She looked at me doubtfully. 4 Mies Adams, do yen know that my bob to very ill ?' she said, after a pause, in whioh she had turned the unfortunate locket roa rid and round in her trembling hands 4 Will you promise me one thing ? 4 What shall I promise, madams ?' 4 That you will never mention the existence of this trinket to my sen.' 1 promise.' 4 It would surely kill him I' I heard her murmur in a trembling tone. Then abe dismissed me, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my own room to think over ' the events of the evening, (to be continnbd.) 