TN THE BUSH. "lam but a snapper-up ot unconsidered trifles.' Shakspearo. Thank goodness, that's over. I allude to Cnp Day, and I make no doubt my fsllew-scribes of the Press are as devoutly tbackfnl that their efforts to write np onr colonial Saturnalia are at an end. I can well conceive the dread with wuicn the reportorial staff looks forward to the annunal advent of this national gathering, and their perplexity io invent some new mode of description and admiration. I know of only one equally distressing sub ject, and that is the celebration of Christ mas, npon which all journalists, as in duty bound, are compelled to stir up their brains and attempt the hopeless task of saying something original upon that well-nigh exhausted subject. So it is with a mixture of cariosity and amuse ment that each snccessive year I peruse the enthusiastic word-painting of the metropolitan journals. As a matter of. 'course, we are told that there never was such a gathering before ; that every colony sent its contingent of spectators ; that the crowd was superlatively well- behaved ; that the ladies' dresses were models of richness and good taste ; and '(also, of course) that there was not a shabby individual to be seen. That makes me indulge in what novelists call " a cynical smile." As if it were likely that the ragged and impecunious would go there to exuuuc uueir iuujeu uuu windowed wretchedness." The poor man is not so proud of exposing liie poverty to the taunts and jeers of bis more fortunate brethren. It is to the back slums and alleys of the proud Capital of tbe Sonth'that we mast peedtrate if we would discover our pauper population. Thev retire into their barrows on such occasions and avoid the congregation of well-dressed holiday-makers, who would resent their coining " between the wind and their nobility." Such an association would be as inconvenient and incon gruous as would have been the threatened procession of the hundred ckonsand unemployed of London at tbe tail-end of the Lord Mayor's Show. Of course, " we have the poor always with us," but we prefer to keep them in the back ground and calmly ignore the existence of snch disreputable connections on these occasions. To farther enhance our self- conceit, most of onr high-toned visitors have been subjected to tbe newly-in- vented impertinence of'" interviewing," and their polite commendations have been faithfully published. If otherwise, I doubt if their opinions would ever have ,1 TI.l.l A _ i— _ J_ "A IT T been IQD ngou. AH LU cue opuru ubchj X can only uay that I am no admirer of horse-racing, and have always regarded a racecourse as but a slight degree superior to tbe Great Desert of Sahara, for heat, dnst and general bodily discom fort. I -go there, as ! I would to any other public assembly, that I .may foregather with old acquaintances, but as to the merits of tbe >noble animals who are our excuse for rthe festivity, I confess that tbe extent of my knowledge is tbat they have a leg at each corner, and that is about all. We often hear that the horses themselves enjoy the exciting contest. Perhaps so, but if they enjoy (cutting with whalebone and goring with steel, they mast have a very perverted -sense of enjoyment. As for the extravagance in dress - of the lady visitors, I -suppose it is geriS for trade, and as to tha-gambling element, " what is one's loss is another's gain," and if there were no fools in the -world, how ,conld the knaves live"? -Soil suppose we mnst be satisfied tbat everything is qnite correct, that -the breed of horses is being improved, and tbatttbo breed of men is too refined to need improvement. And so, with oeruational vanity properly pampered, let us bid farewell for another twelve months to Cnp'Day. I admit I am-oensiderably surprised at tbe resuscitation -of Gny Fawkes Day in I this essentially modern country. Even in England, where its -celebrationwas more excusable, thirty -years ago, the fifth of November was '"-more honored in the breach than in 'the -observance", " Rnd its votaries were cbiefiyrtbe jnvenile popula tion, who paraded .the streets with horrible, libels on the "human form 'divine," and solicited the elemosonary coppers for investment in squibs and crackers, in the discharge of which they "snatched a fearful-joy, "-.ahd occasionally expended some of (their 'fingers. (But as a general thing the poptilcce lookedapon the -affair as a nuisance, and I began to hope that, with extended (education, an anniversary which cqnid only arouse religions animosity -would have ibeen allowed quietly to exhale. (But -to jay astonishment I read that'latdly, in nmny English towns, it is celebrated on a scale of extravagance that could only die equalled .by the absurd pageants of (the middle ages. The poet tells us f A little nonsense now and tb6a j Is.-relished by tbe wisest -men. i And so as in ancient times onr ancestors- found a wild delight in promenading as! 'Lords of Misrule and other absurdities, so cur modems finds a pleasure lin masquerading in the wake of the effigy of tbe anhappy Spanish soldier of fortune. While condemning the crime of ibe miserable Guide Fawkes, let us com miserate his terrible end, and try to make allowance for his mistaken patriotism. I really do not know that it would have been an- nnmixed calamity if ha and his associates had started the King and Parliament on a visit to the moon. Regarding our modern temples of talk, some of them wonld not be missed, and if Gmdo had eliminated the First James, and so put a full stop to the Stuart dynasty, England might have avoided a good deal of discomfort and dishonor. There must have been some good traits, however, in Guido, when he eonld, in view of his certain extinction, indalge in a joke and avow that one intention of his attempt was " to blow the beggarly Scots back to their own country." That settled him. The English Solomon, as that wretched compound of craft and cupidity was sycopbantically termed, had his national obtnseness to a joke, and I aoi afraid it was the sardonic sally, rather than the abortive orime, which was expiated in the cruel tortures of which we have ghastly evidence in the agonised signature to Gnido's confession, .which is still visible to modern sight-seers. But why onr colonial youth . should perpetuate the foolish5 anniversary per- pleves me. It. is true we have started history as a portion of our educational programme, but I doubt if onr -juveniles have waded thus far in the historic slough of despond, or if bo, why they should take any peculiar inteiest in the matter. But, np donbt, any excuse is good enough as an outlet foryouthfnl excitement, and so we must not inquire too cnnousiy into its source of propulsion. As to the illustrious Guido, if he can " revisit the pale glimpses of the moon," bis spirit may feel elated at the manner in which his memory is kept green, even at the antipodes, and survives that of many a nobler hero. If he be satisfied, I am sure I need not complain. I have watched with someinterest and considerable amusement the controversy which lately stirred fashionable Mel bourne to its depths, as to the propriety of attiring the ladies of a metropolitan choir in surplices and college-caps. No doubt it was a splendid subject forsatire, and the journalistic wits and carcaturists fastened upon it with avidity. Then the advocates of the innovation rushed to the rescue in print, and so the paltry tempest in a teapot" spent its fury until it had served its purpose of pleas antly diversifying the usual monotony of social life. I cannot see why the matter should have excited so much Hicnnacinn. Tfc has hpfin filip. nilSfom. HS long as I can remember, to clothe the juvenile male choristers in white gowns; und why should not the females adopt a similar uniform? I fit adds solemnity to the priest to preach in such a dress, surely it is as appropriate to his lady choristers, and to my mind it appears much more in unison with the occasion tbaD tbe display of parli-colored ex travagances of costume which mark the fashionable female attire of tbe period. Besides we are aware that white is the emblem of purity, and therefore peculi arly appropriate to the fair singers, and is suggestiveof angeliferous associations. I certainly do not admire tbe cap, and it appears to me that as a head-dress it would be as useless to an angel as a covering as wings would be as a means of locomotion, or as a racehorse would be to a disembodied ghost as a medium of progression. No doubt- tbe new costume will appear quaint and even ridiculous, as a novelty, but it is an axiom that " a pretty woman looks well in any dress," so we may rest assured that the night-gown and mortar- board will survive popular prejudice and be come a recognised fact. At the same time," I don't think the estimable cleric who introduced this costume need have been so severe upon modern female fasbons. Tall bats and improvers may appear rather incon- gmous in a place of worship, and tend to distract the serious thoughts of male worshippers, but I think the denuncia tion comes with an ill grace from one of a profession which in ancient times gloried in gorgeous raiment, and some of whom even now at. times excite animadversion by their proclivities to wards extravagant costume. Not long since 'I read of one divine who con demned tbe use ®£ silk stockings nut! satin -shoes. And yet we read in In- goldsbyhow The cardinal pulled off his plum-colcred shae And left his red stockings exposed to the view., which 'I '.think is equal to any eccentricity in 'female integuments. And for ab surdity what can equal tbe comical triced - np ihat and the antiquated leggings of tbe orthodox bishop, or his balloon-like lawn sleeve-when infuU official costume? Then, we have-only to read the advertisements of " ecclesiastical millinery" to be astounded at (the 'variety of albs, cbaus- ables, rochets, dalmatics, and so forth, the nature of which are as ancient Egyp'ian to 'the -lay reader. It might be 11s well for these clerical sumptuary reformers to remember 'tbe parable of tbe mote and the 'beam, and cease to vex the geutle sonls-of theiri'fair sisters by unwarrant able 'interference with the vagaries of modern -dress. It will tike more tbau " a forty-parson power" to convince a fashionably altired lady tbat her dress is not the -r/3 :phts- uJM-a of refinement and good taste. One -strong objection which has feeen urged by -Sabbatarians against tbe open ing of libraries, museums, &c.;, on Sun days ifl .that it woiild compel the attend-1 ance of .custodians,. and thereby offsnd their Christian convictions. Bnt this ! objection has been cleverly removed in ' an English ttswn by the employment of; members off the Jewish persuasion, by| which 110 Christian conscience is oat- raged. and the Jewish is no. doubt emin- ently contentedjwith seme profit on whatis not their Sabhaib, bnt which they are still compelled by Christian usage za observe with the rest of the community. If this be the great objection to. our daily toilers indulging in literature or art on their .-sole available day, here -is an iogenions means of counteracting it. Bat I dare say the fertile imagination of the unco' geid wonld soon find unoLhor pretext for the prohibition of mental relaxation. I cannot see ranch consistency in giviDg the people of Melbourne opportunities to take a dying visit to the bush or beach on Sunday by train, and sternly denying the Barae advantage to the whole conntry outside tbe magic circle. Nor does it appear consistent to make a public ex hibition of the Nelson on a Sunday or al low the Zoological Gardens as a public resort, and at the same time close the portals of the library and picture gallery. I qnite agree with Hood that Better it were if in his best of suits The artisan who goeB to work on Monday Should spend a leisure hour among the brutflB, Than make a beast of his own self on San dfly. Bat I think snfficiently well of the working man's intelligence to opine that he wonld prefer the ennobling influence of good hooks or choice paintings to the disgnst- ing antics of the Simian race. I cannotcon- elude better than in avowing my concur rence with the opinion of the same poei: Now, n ally this appears the common case j Of patting too much Sabbath into Sunday, i But what-is yonr opinion. Mrs Grundy ? BILLY NUTTS. 