? , ' Ijorsham. TfiE following letter and prayer has been written hy the Bishop in view of the Horsham Mission in August :— ' Bishopscourt, June, 1886. ' My Dear Mr. Harris — Your ' mission week,' as you well know, has my warm approval and my best wishes and hopes, and my con stant prayers will go with Archdeacon Julius in his visit to Horsham on his sacred errand. 'Tell your flock this, and that I join with you in affectionately entreating that they will unitedly try to turn this mission to the best possible account. 'It will come to little unless Christians in Horsham respond heartily to the call it brings, but if much prayer and workj precede and follow it, it is likelv to tell miehtilv on vour narish. ' The means of turning it to the best account are such as these : — ' 1. Cultivating steadily beforehand asubdued, wakeful, expectant attitude of heart and mind. It is to one withdrawing from worldly excitements, at least for a season (like Peter retiring for meditation to the housetop), and keeping under the flesh (like Cornelius fasting till the afternoon), that the special visits of the Holy Spirit are wont to be made. '2. Praying and interceding, humbly and importunately, for the bestowal of the desired boon. The Syrophenician woman and the Centurion of Capernaum won everything they needed in this way from the Master, and so may we. ?'3. Boldness. Boldness before men. Let none be ashamed to speak about the mission, and their expectations from it, or to invite — aye, and escort — as many others as possible to the services. Bold ? neas with God. ' The kingdom of heaven suffereth. violence.' ' I willnot let Thee go,' Jacob dared to say, ' unless Thou bless me.' May the mission be a Peniel to many, where they may ' see God face to face.' 'Availing ourselves persistently and punctually, as far as possible, of every opportunity the mission brings for waiting upon God, and hearing what the Missioner can teach about Him. Good is received through perseyering attendance day by day, which will be missed by the occasional and spasmodic attendant. ' Urge these things, my dear brother, upon your people. Oh, may you have to tell me glad tidings when your mission is over ! I know of no good reason why it should not be recorded of the Horsham Mission as of the gathering at Cassarea in the 10th chapter of the Acts : 'The Holy Ghost fell- on all them that heard the Word.1 ' Your faithful Brother and Bishop, 'Samuel. Ballarat,' 'A Pbayer in Behalf op the Mission to be held in Hoeshah, August, 1886. 'Most merciful God, who hast promised to hear the petitions of them ~ that ask in Thy Son's name, graciously incline Thine ear to ub, who make our earnest supplications unto Thee for Thy blessing on the mission in this town. ' Raise up, we pray Thee, Thy power, and come among us, and with great might succour us 1' 'We beseech Thee, have compassion on all who are astray from Thy fold, like lost sheep; who fear Tbee not, but follow the devices and desires of their own hearts, and unthankfully refuse Thy loving mercy, offered them in Christ Jesus. Have pity on all who break Thy laws and despise Thine ordinances ; fetch them home, blessed Lord, to Thy flock ; enter not into judgment with them, good Lord 1 ' We beseech Thee, lead into the way of truth the hearts of the young, that they may forsake all evil ways, and find in Christ their true happiness and utmost good I ' We beseech Thee, deepen Thy work of grace in all our hearts, that Thy people may abound more and more in the fruits of the Spirit, and that the love of Christ, and pure charity, and intelligent faith, and spiritual peace and joy, may spread and increase in the midst of us 1 ' Send down, O Lord, we implore Thee, upon Thy servant who comes as Thy special messenger to our souls Thy choicest blessing 1 Endue him with the Holy Ghost, and may Thy word by his mouth be spoken with truth and tenderness and power, and have such success that he may prove Thy instrument for deep and lasting good to very many in our parish 1 ' ' Lord, increase our faith 1' Enlarge our expectations of blessing for ourselves, and enable us to interest others also in this work of love, for their souls' profit, and for Thy greater glory 1 ' Hear us, O Lord ! Answer us, O our God ! So will we, the sheep of Thy pasture, for ever bless and praise Thy glorioua name ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' 