sermons. — II IT The cost of puJH-Wag these sermonsis borni by fuau, t wards which ooatnoutions are solicited teL,' ai! mesas or uar'snaa truth po ordAm. k Biade payable to Prank Catford " The stjnday-sohool and THE S"!RlprORES. fc A Sermon by the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. And that from a child thou hast Known the holy Scriptures, which are able to make wbe uuto e3r«. Xmothyhf l? WhiCh U in Jwua Christ. — 2 How very remarkably the times repeat themselves. As I sa'd just now in the reading of the chapter the warning which Paul gave concerning hik owh times is quite as needful for this present Age. Again darkness fchiokens, and the mists hang heavily srcusd bur footsteps. Evil men and seducers wax worse and woroe, and very many have tnrced away their ears from the truth to harken to fables. Nor do we wonder that it is so. History must repeat itself so long as we have the same human nature to deal with, the same sips to ensnare mankind, the same troth to be trifled with, and the same devil to stir Op men to the same misebief. But, brethren, when the same evilswcome, we most apply to them the same remedies. When a disease appears which has done deadly mischief in past times, physicians inquire for medicines whioh on former occa sions curbed the enemy. We are bound to do the same in spiritual matters. We must see what Paul did in his day when the malaria of false dcotrine was in the air. It is remarkable how very simple, as a role, everything is that is really effective. If a discovery is made in scienoe or maohinery, it is complicated at first, and that for the very reason that it is imperfect ; but all improve ments are in the direction of simplicity. It is just the same with spiritual teachings. When we get at reality, we out off supet flaky. Let us not talk of inventing wise measures for the present distress in the spiritual world, bat let Us uf8 the great remedy which was so effectual in Paul's day. Paul taught young Timothy the Gospel himself ; he made him not only hear his doctrine, but see his praatiee. We cannot force truth upon men, but we can make our own teaching clear and deoided. and make our lives consistent there with. Truth and holiness are the surest antidotes to error and unrighteousness. The apoc-Ha Baid to Timothy : Continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast bem sesured of, kuowiug of whom thou hast learned them.' He then dwelt upon snother potent remedy Which had fcec-n of great service to the young preacher, namely, the knowing of the holy Scriptures from his earliest childhood. This was to yonng Timothy one of his best safeguards. His early training held him like an anchor, and saved him from the dreadfai drift of tho age. Happy young man, of whom the apostle could say : 1 From a child thou hast known tne holy Scriptures, which ere able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.' I. The work of God's grace in Timothy commenced with early instruction : ' From a ohild then hast known the holy Scriptures,' Note the time for instruction. The ex preasion, 'from a child,' might be better understood if we read it, ' from a very ohild or, ss the revised version has it, ' from a babe.' It does not mean a well-grown child, or youth, but a child just rising out of iafanoy. Frcm a very child Timothy bad known the sacred writings. This expression is, no doubt, used to show that we cannot begin too early to imbne the minds ef our children with scriptural knowledge. Babes receive impressions long before we are aware of tbe fact. Daring the first months of a child's life it learns more than ws imagine. It soon learns the love tf its mother and its own dependence ; and if the mother be wise it learns the meaning of obedience, and the necessity of yielding its will to a higher will. Tais may be the keynote of its whole future life. If it learn obedience and submission early, it may save a thousand tears from the child's eyes, and as many from the mother's heart. A special vantage-ground is lost when even babyhood is left uncultured. The holy Scripture may be learned by children as soon as they are oapable of understanding anything. It is a very re markable feet, which I have beard asserted by many teachers, that children will learn to read out of the Bible better than from any other book. I scarcely know why ; it day, perhaps, be on acoount of tbe sim plicity of tbe language ; but I believe it is bo. A Biblical faot will often be grasped when an incident of common history is for gotten. There is an adaptation in the Bible for human beings of all ages, <Und therefore it has a fitness for children. We make a mistake when we think that we must begin with something else and lead up io the Sari itures. The Bible is the book for the peep of day. Parts of it are above a child's mind, for they are above the comprehension of the most advanced amongst us. There are depths in it wherein a leviathan may swim ; but there are also brooks in whioh a Hmb may wade. Wise teachers know how to lead their little ones into the green p& lures beside the still waters. It is well to cote tbe admirable selection of instructors. We are not at a loss to tell who instructed youthful Timothy. In tbe fi-st chapter of this epietle, Paul says, ' When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, whioh dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice. No doubt grandmother Lois and n&other; Eunice united in teaching the little one. Who should teach the children hot the parents ? Timothy's father' was a Greek, and probably a heathen, but his ohild was. happy in having a venerable grandmother, so often the dearest of all relatives to a little child. He had also a graoious mother, once a devout Jewess, and afterwards also a firmly believing Christian, who made it her daily pleasure to teach her own dear child the Word of the Lord. Oh, dear mothers, yen have a very sacred trust reposed In you hy God. He fcatk in effect said to you, 1 Tako this child and nurse it fo me, and I give t&er; thy wages.' You ore called to equip the fuiuve man of God, chat He may thoroughly turuUbed unto every good JJork. IfGodspates you, you may live to hear that pretty hoy Speak to thousands, sod you Will have the sweet reflection,, in your heart that the quiet teachings of the nursery led the man to love his God and serve Him, JLnose who think that a .woman detained at J?.? little family is doing nothing, think the reverse of what is true. Seldom can the godly mother quit her home for a place i f worship ; but dream not that she is lost to the work of tjhe ohuroh j far from it, she is doing tbe best possible service for her 1j?rd. Mothers, the godly training of your offspring ib your first and most pressing duty. Christian women, by teaching children the holy Scriptoree, are as much fulfilling their part for the Lord as Moses in judging Israel, or Solomon in building the temple. II. Oor second head was to be that this work w&b; quickened by a saving faith. The Scriptures do not save, but they are able to make a man wise unto salvation. Children may knew the Sqriptufes, and yet not be children of God. Faith in Jesus Christ is that grace which brings immediate salvation. Many de&t; children are called of God so 6srly that they cannot precisely tell when they were converted ; but they were converted ; they most at some time or other have passed from death to life. You could not have told this morning by observation the moment when the sun rose, but it did rise ; and there was a time when it was bslcw the horizon, sod another time when it had risen above it. The moment, whether we see it or not, in which a ohild is really saved is when he believes in the Lord Jesus Christ. Perhaps for years Lois and Eunice had been teaching the Old Testament to Timothy, while the themselves did not know the Lord Jesus"; and if so, they were teaching him the type without the antitype — the riddles without the answers — but it was a good teaching for all that, since it was all the truth which they then knew. How much happier, however, is our task, since we ara able to teach concern ing the Lord Jesus eo plainly, having the New estament to explain the Old. May we not hope that even earlier in life than Timothy, our dear children may catch the thought that Christ Jesus is the sum and substance of Holy Scripture, and so by faith in Him may receive power to become the sons of God ? I mention this, simple as it is, beoause I want all teachers to feel that if their children do not as yet know all tbe doctrines of tbe Bible, and if there be certain higher or deeper truths which their minds have not yet grasped, still children are saved as soon as they are wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. Faith in the Lord Jesus, as be is set forth In Scripture, will surely save: If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest,' said Phillip to the eunuch ; and we may say the same to every child — then mayest confess thy faith if thou bast any true faith in Jesus to confess. If thou bslieveet that Jesus is the Christ, and so dost put thy trust in Him, thou art as truly saved as though grey hairs adorned thy brow. Observe that the text gives us a plain in tlmation that by faith knowledge is turned in? o wisdom. Exceedingly practical is the difference between knowledge and wisdom. See it in tbe text, ( From a child thou hast known ;' bat it is faith, faith alone, that turns that knowledge into wisdom ; and thus the Holy Soriptures are ' able to make wise unto salvation. 'Knowledge is power,' but wisdom is the applieation of that power to practical ends. Knowledge may be bullion, but wisdom is the minted gold, fit for circula tion among men. Sou can give yonr children knowledge without their having faith ; bat they must have faith given them of the Holy Ghost before that knowledge can become wisdom. Soriptusl knowledge is wisdom when it influences tbe heart, when it rules the mind, when it affects the daily life when it Banctifies the spirit, when it renews the will. O teachers, pray for your dear children that God would give them faith in Ghrist Jesus, that so tbe knowledge which you have given them may turn tc wisdom. Go as far as yen can go with the teaching; but ever cry mightily unto tbe Lord, that His Holy Spirit may work regene ration, ereate faitb, impart wisdom, and give salvation. III. Time fails me, I cannot dwell as I would upon other points ; bat I beg yea to notice, in the third place, that sound instruc tion in, holy Scripture, when quickened by a living faith, creates a solid character. The man who from a ohild has known the holy Scriptures, when he obtains faith in Christ, will be grounded and settled upon the abiding principles of the unohanging word of God. I wish it were so with the bulk of thoee who profess and call themselves Christians. In these days we are surrounded by unsettled minds, ' ever learning, but never coming to a knowledge of the truth.' Theee are carried about by every wind of doctrine. What numbers of professors I have known who go into one place of worship and hear one form of doctrine, and apparently approve : it because the preacher is a clever man ' !?hey hear an opposite teaching, and they are equally at home, because again it is a clever man.' They join with a church, and you ask them, 'Do you agree wrh the views of that community?' They neither know nor care what those views may be ; one dceirine is as good as another to them, Their spiritual appetite can enjoy soap as well as butter; they oan digest bricks as well as bread. These religious ostriches have a marvellous power of swallowing everything; tbey have no spiritual discern ment, no appreciation of truth. They follow any ' clever' person, and in this prove that they are not the sheep of our Lord's pasture, of whom it is written, ' A stranger will they not follow ; for they know not the Voice bf strangers.' We desire to build up a ohuroh with those who know what they do know, and can give a reason for what they believe. Tbe trne Reliever's great reason for his faitb is, ' It is written.' Christ our Master met the tempter ,in the wilderness with 'It is written.' Though He was Himself inspired, yet His teaching was full of the Old Testa ment; be was always quoting the words of the inspired Book; and therein setting us an example . If yola and I would contend with Sitn, and with an. evil world, so es to over come is the conflict, we must tal e care to Sake our stand squarely and firmly upon tha Scriptures- Let us treat our opponents to vobcys cf Scsipfcri-. Lot ea fire point-blnek wish sacred texts. These are arguments # which wound and kill. Our own reasonings are mere paper pellets ; but soriptural proofs are bhllets of steel. Our opponents will find it useless to try to lead us away from tbe old faith when they perceive that we will not j budge an inch from holy Scripture. We are :b'omVproof whei Wa shelter beneath the Word of the Lord. The cunning craftiness of deceivers is f iled by the clear simplicity of ' Thus -aith the Lord.' Those who know the Soriptures, and so believe in Jesus, are pillared upon a personal acquaintance with the foundations of their faitb. ' From a child thou hast known the holy Scriptures ;' they were not treated with an Ignorant' reverence, but with an intelligent homage. How much I desire that each one of you may be a personal student of the holp Soriptures. We need to know them for ourselves. Personally grasping them as a revelation to himself, the godly man loves them, studies them, feels them, and Uvea upen them, and so knows t-hem. By this means he becomes independent of other men. Paul is to die. Poor Timothy ! ' Yes, it will be poor Timothy ' if be carries his faith in Paul's bosom, and has none in his own heart. But Timothy's Bible is not going to die. Timothy's knowledge of Scripture is not going to be taken from him, nor is the Holy spirit about to depart from him. Look at some of our churches ; while a well-instructed go?pel minister leads the way the brethren abide in their sfcedfastnefs Toe good man disB, and where is the ohuroh ? No doubt, those who are instructed in the Scriptures re main in their places, but the more ignorant are scattered like chaff. There are numbers now in this part of London wendering about who were once zealous for the faith, bat are now almost indifferent to it- I will not men tion names, but I could do so readily enough — I mean the names of esteemed brethren who gathered an earnest following about them ; but they are gone, and with their going numbers of their followers have gone too. I fear there could not hava been a sound knowledge cf the Word or these people would have survived the great loss of their teacher. Oh, to have a good personal building-up upon the solid Word of God ; then you will know what you do know, and you will hold fast to it, and there will be no driving yGU away from the standards of faith. I labour for this among you, and I pray that I may not labour in vsiu. IV. Now, lastly. As this early teaching creates a fine, solid character, so will it pro duce great usefulness. I will say nothing more than just this. Thus Timothy became above all others a choice companion for Paul, one upon whom Paul lcoked with love, and remembered with joy. Companions for apostles are only to be produced in the school of holy Scripture. Those who have communed with Moses, sad David, anc the prophets are fit to associate with an apostle. It is something to produce out of a obild a comrade for a veteran Eervant of the living God. Let a man of God get side by side with a youth who knows the Scriptures, and he feele, This is fii company for me.' Paul, worn with years of persecution, strokes his grey beard, and bis eyes light up wiih joy as he looks on that young Timothy. What is there about him more than about any other ? Why, only that he knows the Scriptures, and they have made him wise uuto salvation. There were, no doubt, fine young fellows to be found who gloried in pre ferring the advanced thought of philosophers to the stereotyped teachings ' of holy Scripture ; but had they begun to talk to tbe apostle npon their new theories, Paul would have dismissed them with words of warning. Hs knew nothing of them or of their other gospel,? except that they troubled him and the churches. Without a Scriptural training a convert has no grit no backbone, and no soul in him. But when Paul looked on a graoious youth who knew tbe Scriptures, and held fast to them, he thanked God, and took ocurage. This young man bees m 9 a miniBfrr end an evangelist. He was a preacher of such a sort that we should have been glad to have heard him. Gcd send us many such. Perhaps we might have said, '-The young man's opinions were rather crude, and' his expressions were somewhat rough ; but wc oan put up with that from eo young a man.' On the other hand, what a richness of Scripture there was in htm. What depth of thocght. Did you not notice he had not got through a dozen sentences before he had quoted a Scripture ; and when he came to prove his point, he did not give half a dozen rationalistic arguments, but he brought out a single word from the Lord, and tbe point was settled?' Yon must agree with a man who is at home with his Bible. Tfeisis the kind of preacher that we need more of. Instruct yonr children well, beloved teachers, that they also may become soriptual teachers in due time. Timothy became also a great champion for the faith. He came forward, and in the midst of all those who were preaching false doctrine he stood firm to the end steadfast, immovable, courageous — because as a child he had known the Scrip tures. O, teachers, see what yon may do. In your Schools sit our future evangelists. In that infant class sits an apoBtlo to some distant land. There may come under your training hand, my sister, a future father in Israel. There shall come under your teach ing, my brother, those who are to bear the banners of the Lord in the thick of the fray. The ages look to yon each time -your class assembles. Oh, that God may help you to do your part well. We pray with one heart and one soul that the Lord Jesus Christ may be) with our Sunday- schools from this day and 4ill he oometh. Amen and amen. 