AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. No. 5. NELL BRYCE. BY ROBT. P. WHITWORTH. 'You noticed that tall, handsome woman I called your attention to in the asylum to day ?' queried my friend Dr. Macintosh; as we sat in his cozy dining-room one day, smoking the post prandial cigar over a glass of generous wine. By the way my friend is famous for his cellar, and deservedly so, as I have reason to know. I had that day visited the Dunedin Lunatic Asylum with him, and he had whispered me to observe one of the patiente, which I had accordingly dono without attracting her notice. Sho was a young woman, not more than twenty- five or aix I Bhould Bay, and had that in her appearano whioh struck me na being extremely remarkable. She was, aa tbe dootor said, 'tall and handsome,' very handsome, singularly beautiful I Bhould have expressed it, but with a weird kind of beauty that almost oreateda painful sensa tion. Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter large and lustrous, but with that weary, vaoant, far away look, that tells so surely either of some great unforgotton trouble, or more pitiful still, ol a wrecked mind. She aat quite still, epeaking to no one, noticing no one. Still and motionless, except for a nervous play of the hands, a kind of ceaseless, and to me, unmeaning in tertwining of the fingers, ceaseless, at all events so long as I saw her. I replied that I had remarked her, and waa greatly struck with her appearanoe. 'Poor oreature,' said my friend gently,' ' she is always like that, perfeotly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. Her's is a sad, very sad story, should you like to hear it ?' 'I Bhould of all things,' I replied, and then I learnt the story of Nell Bryce. 'Six years ago,' said the doctor, 'there wasn't a man, woman, nor child for twenty mileB round 'Palmerston who didn't know, or who, at all eventB, hadn't heard of, Nell Bryoe. She was tho daughter of Dan Bryce, a well to do settlor living on his extensive farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and was unquestionably the belle of that part of Now Zealand, not only oh account of her re markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright liness, grace, and good nature. Not a young fellow all over the country sido but would, so to speak, have gone through fire and water to win a smile from her, whilo io enjoy the favor ot her hand in a dance . waa folioity indeed. It needs hardly be Baid that' she was in great requeBt at all tho little feasts and merry makings in the district, and, in fact, no ball or party, wedding, or ehristening was looked npon*aa very much, unless Nell— everybody called her Nell — Bryca waa present, and the ?happy Bwain who, for the timo, acted as her esquire, waa as oordially envied aa he was hated by hiB less fortunate rivals. Light-hearted, full of girlish tun, quiok at .repartee, sauoy, somewhat coquettish oven,'' aa Bhe was, there was another and deeper side to her oharaoter, unknown, perhaps, to herself, a latent strength of will and fixity ol purpose, whioh it only needed oireum stances to dovelope. There iB no doubt that she might have pioked and chosen at will for a lover, had she bo chosen, amongst the best and wealthiest young fellows far and near, but she laughed at them all, and so far was, as the Baying goes, ' fanoy free.' Ot course Bhe had lovers, or would-be lovers, by the 'score, with whom she danced, sang, drove, rode, and flirted generally, but when it came to real, right down lovo making in earnest, Bho would none of them, paoked -them of! incontinently, one after the other, with a flea in their ear. But the pitcher that goes too often to the well is sure to get broken. A handsome young fellow named Davi3 Cameron, the son ot a farmer on the Waikouaiti Downs, was noticed to be moro specially favored than tho rest ot her suitors, and, in short, ere long, he was acknowledged as her aocopted lover. But there were complicationa. Old. Dan Bryce her father, who had allowed her to have her own way in most things, had some notions whioh wore not altogether peculiar. He . waB a fairly wealthy man,. while th* Cameronawere not by any means wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor, waa aa proud aa Luoifer, and was not inolined to sanction s marriage in which, . as he put- it, tho laddie oanna bring maut tor the lassie's meal.' - Old Dan Bryco flow into a most nnoon« saionablb pa'sski). when the thing was hinted at. 'Av ooorse, Aileen, 'my lady,!' Baid he, ' yo'll do jist.as ye loike, yez always do, but' niver will ye get my consint, nor a farden ot my money nay thor, until that ould Scotch nagur puts down po'ind for pound wid me'. And that's the price of Daniel Bryce; -more betoken that's poethry, nnd ao there yo have both rhyme and rozori.' ? . Now neither Nell nor David wero exaotly fools, and although lovo in a cottago is all veiy pretty in your school-girl romances, still tho hard' praotioal reality is another matter, and thoy both- know that well enough. And young Cameron was an honor able fellow, who could not bear to think of dragging down a wife, and euoh a wife, to a life of poverty and domestio drudgery. Thoy muBt wait for better days. Ho would go to tho diggings on the Arrow and the Shotover, , whero men were picking up gold galore, and after a time, when ho had made a pile, would return again and olaim her for hia bonnie brido. Tho old, old, story. They plighted their troth, sworo vowa ot eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many atories, but not of raino. Timo wont on. Nell heard from her lover now and again. He was cn the Cardrona doing well, making money fast. So he said, and it was true. He and his mate3 had struck rich gold, aud in n littlo whilo, a few months perhaps, ho would como back to her ho loved so truly. This episode in her life waa a sealed book between her and her father. He might have suspeoted, but he said nothing, nor did she. ? ; ? - Time still went on, and he was still doing well. Ho would start back in two months he wrote, in a month, in a week. Ob, blissful new,s. His share oamo to something over £2000, most of it ho had in cash, somo in gold. He would start in three days, ,he would be with her in a week. In a week. In seven days. How those days lagged. Would tho week never be over ? Alas I alas I Better for her if it never had. Tho road, or rather trac't, for made road there wa3 none, from the Cardrona was up the river as far as Boundary Creek, then over the rango and down the Kirtlo Burn to tho coach road which runs through the dark rocky defile known as tbe Kawarsu Gorge, a defile celebrated for tho wild Bnvagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pasa and rooky fastness. From tho Cardrona, under Cruffcl Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to hia mate3, started. Tbe track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his bolt he bore tho wealth ho had Btriven so hard to attain, in his heart he carried the picturo of the fair face wailing for him in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the stark mountains round him was rose-'.inted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path.' He started, elate with joy and bright an ticipation of haloyon days to como, and was heard of no more until — The woek passed, weeks passed, and he mado no sign. Tho sun rose and the aun set, tho moon waxed and the moon waned, and he was yot missing, and hopo, long de ferred, faded out of tho heart of the weary, weary watcher, and aB it did, so failed ihe light out of her eyes. Hopo after hopeless hopo, then uncer tainty, then fear. And still no word. At last nows camo, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the Cardrona,had missed the track, and nt the foot of a huge rock abutting on the Kirtle-burn had come on the remains of a murdered man, evidently mur derod, for plain to ba soon iu tho forohead of tho bleaohed skull, wero two clearly defined bullet holes. His clothing, torn by the hawka and keas, was in raga, and thero was no sign of money or other valuables on bis person. The ooroner camo up from Cromwell, duo enquiries wero made, and a verdiot ' a man believed to bo David Cameron found murdered by somo person or persona unknown' re corded, and tbo poor remains wero interred in the wilderness where they had been found. Tho police were set at work to discover the murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they did not trouble themselves in the matter' ove- much, and so the thing died out. The bodies of diggers found dead in the bush wero not so uncommon as to create mora than a nine day'a wonder. - And so the thing died out, and Nell Bryce, the bright, sparkling, light-hearted Nell Bryco, waa left with a Bhadow, tbo dark shadow of a widowed love, on her lifo. For a timo she was as ono stupefied. She went to aud fro listlessly, bo performed tho household duties on her father's farm almost unoonsoiously, she lived, but, as it were, in' a dream. Then came the awakening, the bitter awak ening to tho full extent of her bereavement, and with it the reaction. It was as if his blood wore crying to her from tho ground. -Her brow grow stern, her supple mouth hard, her bright eyo wild and haggard. She had hut one thought, and on it she brooded day and night. Bjvenge I Revenge I on those who had slain her beloved. She had read of murderers, impelled, perhaps, by some stern Nemesis, who oould not but visit and revisit tho scene ot their crime, and a strange whim, a wild, mad idea if you will, took possession of her. She, where the police had failed, would traoa the matter out, and where ao likely aB in the neighborhood of tho murder. One day Bhe was missing from her father's house. She bad taken the down coach for Dunedin, and left a letter for her father in forming him that sho had gone nway for a month or two, and praying him neither to seek nor enquire for her. ? From Dunedin she I took the coach by Tuapeka and tboiClutha [to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, so far, all trace of her was lost. And now came her Belt- imposed task. Two days after her arrival in Cromwell, tho Queenstown coach set down at tho hotel near the Boaring Meg in tbe Kawarau gorge, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement jn the local papers (for servant girla were hard to get in those days) for a barmaid, and had been accepted, - It was no Binecure, this place of hers, for the house, on the main road to and from the Wakatipn gold-fields, waa -mainly kept going by the numeroua diggers passing to and fro, and, many of thom, ' knocking down ' as is, or waa, the wont of their tribe, their hardly won wealth. In her the landlord and landlady Boon found they had'a treasure, for Mary Joyce — so Bhe had named herself — while willing and obliging to tho rough cuBtomors, know how to hold her own, and had a way with her that kept even the rowdiest diggers at a dis tance. She was quiet, reserved, but invariably civil and obliging. Yet there waa something about this pale, silent girl that nobody could make out. Sha waa ever watchful, ever observant, ever Beemcd to be expeotant of something that never came. And bo the days melted -into weeks. Of all the visitors to tha hotel thero waa ono who seemed to puzzle her. He was a tall, cadaverous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, , who used to hang about tho placo for two or three days at a Btretch, then go away for a time, and return again to bang about as before. He Boomed, like her,- to be expecting some one who nover came. On him she kept, for some reason Bho could hot explain4 to herself, a constant and wary eye, watahing his incoming and outgoing, those ho aasoci ated with, and listening, when aha oould without boing observed, to his conversation. But all to ho purpose. She had learnt, oould loarn, nothing. Absolutely notliing. Paticnce, patience, weary heart. Tho end would como, - - - did como, and in this wise. ' - Ouo afternoon, thia man, whom they callcd Joe the hatter, was standing at tho door, lounging lazily against tbo jamb, smoking, she watching him as usual, when sho. - saw him suddenly start, flush up, and turn into the bar- room. PrtBcntly n otout-' ish, red- whiskered inan entered from the road, , and throwing down a pound^note, loudly de- ? dared hia intention of shouting for ail hands, eomo six or seven men who wero drinking at tho bar. Sho quietly served the drinks, keep ing her attention fixed on tho two the \vhile. ' She saw the tall man had paled, and that hi? hands and lips wero trembling nervously. Tho uew-comor, who -wns somewhat tho worse for liquor, waa very noisy, and was boister ously oalling for more drink, whioh tbo land lord, who had como in, was only too ready to serve. . . . Then the tall man, who had sidled up 'to ? the stranger suddenly teok tbo opportunity - of whispering something into his ear, some thing which apparently had tho clTect of sobering him at once, for he too turned palo aud staggered aa if he had bcc-n struck. ' What d'ye mean,' ho shouted savagely, ' ' and who aro you, anyhow i' ' Come outside and I'll tell you. I've Bomething for your private ear only,' said Joo the hatter significantly, and with a sinister- - , glancc into the other'a eyes. He could not meet tho look. He waB evi dently cowed. 'Excuse mo for a minuto, mates,' he ? said, with forced hilarity, 'this man has a little business with me. Fill 'em up Bgsin, Boss I'll be back presently,' and tho two went out. What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart? Had thb end como? Intuitively she ? felt it had. Was she ready ? Excusing herself to her emplover. shn (lnw to her room, unlo something from i houso tho baok wa well as Bhe could, al tho stable, where i had gone. Sho wa and conversing in : ? lessly round to thi : seen, she could hea - -- . ' It's no use you voice of ' Joo the He ; . . you, Ned Peters, if I1 , . saw you do it. _I i r r , u ? Cameron as plain i r: Bhots you fired, on -i-- . and one when he \v v- - saw you tako his - bV ? , ^ track bohiud that t: Jt. j I'd have tpckled yc ? ? . , - wero armed,- and . s you'd have shot me ° »?.-- 'I oan't deny i -'p- *, . me. I. did kill rf': ' .n ,:-' what— Ha I' , . - What was it',? A , a sharp report', a v . . - , . , . , ory of 'Blood fori . fell on his face, dco ,a- ot, ' A rush o^, feet, p ' ? ? io ?!(? 2. £ ing in ovor the thr ?' - ,iij . tr ' , r and, standing over .,-.r ' ' a tall girl in bla - j ? . ..*V. . gleaming with a 'v''' olenohed, and in ' 1 . pistol. ' ' * They spoke to h- ,j , 11 They touched' her, Nell Bryce waa mai No ono who hi , ' honeat eyes can h it derives untold v- * welcomes its dawi - advances Btep by s its old ago.' 'Hum 1 great price. How ' ennobles life I W ? 1 it conduetsl Wh K severe self- supprei mother it is faith and effort, and vi- ' is a transforming g the responsibility a ' 1 manhood and worn care, a refuge in to serenity. ' -f . ? I havo been mon ? moro I think of i - at the bottom of a - - other passions d« .- n ?? whenever pride pi i. thing goes wronj ; .r ? -ai'Vr really be desirable -j nocently, it ia n . n -;,n proudly. , ? , . i ? A man may be a tj. may tie up his tal Isl hug himself in. h i;.' . ; always generous i ii i . stay at home; a , ; ' himself. Like lis travelling. A man , it away. ,Tbo time for re proach near onougl ' - look and admire it, '? v.j . ill i L U , _ Hi' .tv All sounds aro liu ? , '-'^54 ?«W'P. n v 01 some young I . nest x \ | Tho very air is Btil vTiVv L And oach wild ti'-. ly, rest. - Afar, I ceo tho tow .- ! ' Sharply detintd ' ' * K- While, stavlliugly slow, ~ Proclaim tho hoi . ' Am I, alas ! the on ' Goaded by thoiig - ' Not even n ghost ti 4 - In this stern vig ' , ? j Wo are alone, my i And you may to a ?- . will No sophistries of 1 Oan stand betw : stiii. ... ? y ~ But wait— ? waa I to blame?: -When oireum- , atatico' ' i v ^ Will hedge tho best of mon, till wild thoy grow,;: ' ' - , , And, liko a Btrcara dammed up, o eiBpreaa \ tho bankB ' v .. And work destruction in their ovoiflow ! Oh I soul, why should you foohwhly remain , . . .. To suffer in thia liouse of unrrov^Rirth ? - . Noto the wide Bpacos. iu tlio arching «l*y, And break tho door that pnjono you-to . .-. earth 1 1 v . ? Let ua go forth, and leavo rcmorco bshmd,. . With all tho haunting, taunting bhapQH ol- , Bin; ? Tho world'a low jibes, tho olinGtngjnemoues That drivo ub mad with their eternal din. -? : . What's that you eay ? . Wa cannot thus? , \ oscape,' v ? ;? Remoreo haB now bcoorao' a part of you ? Ib it immortal, then? Oh I eoul, bo kind, .. - And tell me — toll mo that thia not truo ! , - ^ Tlio air.growfl ohill— with dawn tho nBing,.;\ r wind t Multera and moans amid tho - Btartlcd trees ; Thb Bpiro points upward— but tho stars havo' ' , . paled, And hopo la fled— I Bhiver m tho breeae I. :'r . ' ?? I^annik E. NR\vnEims4 494 