A QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY I CONVERSATION. I say, Jack, what are you going to do about this sale on the 5tn June ? What, the IslBtown racket ? Yes ; I had a look at the syndicate's Elan, and I thought of fixing on one of looks, say 12 acres for £12 and a year to pay it in ; but if you joined me we could get 24 acres and take two years to pay our £12 each. Why, how do you make that out, old man ? Well, you see, the syndicate say if you buy over £20 worth you can have two years to stump up the coin, so one of us could go to the blooming sale aud buy. How would we fix up about loss of wages of the one who attends tbe sale, Jim ? Oh ! we need not bother about tbat, for 10s. is allowed to every man who buys an allotment or block. That's all right, Jim, but to tell the truth I don't believe in the place. I hear ait sorts ot yarns aoouc it. jaave you seen it ? I have, Jack, and it looks like any other new place, only on high land. The site is better, old man, than lots of the swell places up north. I am told tbe soil iB no good at all, and I can't understand people settling there, I Jack. Byjove you never saw Cairns or Towns ville, mate, if you are afraid the soil will stop them. The Isistown soil beats them, and they are on low fiats, while thiB new place is on good high banks. The syndi cate blow about Junee Junction in Syd ney colony. Is it a Town ? It is, Jack, and a big one too. How it got on without water and only 15 miles from Wagga Wagga is a puzzler. Every one thought it would only be a small shop, but its bigger than Bundaberg, and in less time. The firat thing started there was a sawmill. Yes ! I see the Syndicate got some fel low to start a mill at IsiBtown, of course that means some settlement ? Settlement ! I should think so, for that mill can prepare for lively times to sup ply Howard, Bundaberg, the Scrub, Isis town and the North ; for you see, being at the Junction it has a pull every way, and Pizzey is no fool, for he put itjuBt slick for the main line and the orancn. Do you think the Syndicate are going to keep on trying to push the concern ? I do, for I see they have joined Pizzey in a five-years' partnership. The build ings they put up are good ones. Some of the syndicate bought at the first sale. That shows me they mean to poke it ahead, and now I hear they mean to go for the first section of the Mungarr line with Fairbrother and spend the pro fits at Isistown. Well that beats cock-fighting, but I don't imagine they could surprise the quiet going people here more than they did when people found they got the Isis branch contract, but what do you think about the two lines Jim, how's it to go 1 That's a poser. It ought to go by Mun garr, there's no two ways about that, but I guess the Isis route has a foot in. As far as I can see Griffith means to go for the Mungarr, but he has not such a hold on his crowd now as he used to have, and it's not sure. The Isis syndicate says the best thing that could happen to them would be to see the Mungarr line started. I don't see that it's only Dlow. Not altogether, Jim, for you see if the Mungarr is blocked the Isis might be too this Parliament, and then Sir Thomas would go for the Bundaberg to Gayndah line, while if the Mungarr is made the Isis branch is sure to be made to Degilbo to get to the scrubB and gold reefs. Then it means from Gayndah to iBistown, 73 miles, and from Gayndah to Mary borough, 92 miles, so you see Isistown will have a good head and shoulder start of the old town. Well I think it would be good enough a chance to buy if we knew the line was going to Gayndah by tbe Isis. I rather guess it would, but I think we should chance it even if there was no Gayndah. The Isis scrub is as good as the Woongarra scrub at Bundaberg, and as large. The Degilbo scrub is bigger. The Stanton Harcourt reefs we know, Jim, only want some blooming capital, and if the timber industry is worth any i thing, Hendle say« there is 15 years wood 1 handy for the mills. With these things handy, a fair river to start on, and two railways, Isistown lands won't be a loss at £1 per acre, especially as the Isis limes lets every member of Parliament know what the district is like, and how it gets along. What about the coal, Jim ? Well, the Company are boring a mile of their country, and I feel pretty sure coal will be dropped on and good seams too. If it is, Jack, and worked as I guess it will be, I don't think we'd look at £10 per acre for what we can collar for a note. The coal at Howard will go to the Isis as soon as the river is deepened a bit for Id. per mile, mate, means 8d. per ton in favour of isistown ; that would pay a decent royalty or a few men's wages, on a decent output. Is the river more than a creek, and can steamers get up it ? Why, the Hercules, with 6ft. 6in., got up without a hitch, and the Old Mary, a steamer that can carry 100 tons, followed suit. If they can do that now dredging will let larger ones up before we have to pay up for our land. What about the Scrub township ? Tiaro, with its few stores, does not in jure Maryborough, and the larger the town in the scrub the better for Isis town. I have no doubt about that. Be sides, the scrub is not going to a town ship. That's bound to he cultivated. I'd like to know what you think about the Government Township on the Bun rum ? I'll soon tell you what I think about it. I fancy the allotments will sell, but I am sure the town will, be at the head of navigation. Look at it anywhere else, old man. At Bundaberg they went up to the head of navigation, at Mackay the same. Look at Rockhampton right up the Fitzroy till they got to the rocks, diy at low water opposite the town ; look at Melbourne up the Yarra to the rocks at Princes Bridge ; besides, the Government collared £2000 by an Abingdon sale, and did not try to develope it ; but the Isis Syndicate are working like horses to send their place ahead, and out of this sale you know 5 per cent is to go to get a water supply, and a free institute is also, to be started by them, and it's the first in the colony. Oh, well, you generally drop on your legs, and I'll join you ; but I remember n.w that if we buy over £50 we have three years to pay it in, so I vote we go for some allotments and this block of 24 acres you have your eye on. Just tot it up and see how we'd come out, say we buy £24 worth and if we buy £52 worth. I'm on to make it £52, Jim. You see if we buy £52 we have to pay down £5 4s. each, and then in 12 months £7 7s. 6d. each, then in 2 years £6 18s. each, and last in 3 years £7 15s. each. What about the Interest? I pnt on the interest, Jack. It's only a few shillings,; you know tbe company only charge 6' per cent ; ther'e not ten per cent men. What about £7 a year each. That means about 2s. 6d. a week to tbe owner of a half interest in 24 acres at Isistown and 6 allotments, or if we preferred to.igo for a big block we could have 52 acres ? Yes, Jack ; and if we go for the £24, we have to pay £4 16s. down, or £2 8s. each, and £2 14b. 9d. each In six months ; £2 12s. 6d. each in 12 months ; £2 Us. each in 18 months ; and £2 9s. each in two years, and even if you buy £10 worth, a deposit of £2 only Is required a fellow has 12 months to pay the other £8. Oh I you need not bother about that, I hadn't a ghost of a thought of buying, but I can stand to put 2s. 6d. a week away, so will go for £52 worth. Get the plan down ana let us pick the lots. You go in to buy, Jack, and chalk up the 5th of June to be at Thorburn's. All right, and I don't think we'll re gret it, I missed Cairns for a sand fiat ; Towns ville, because it was on a creek ; Bunda berg, because Sheridan swore he could walk across the Burnett, but I'm going for Isistown. Besides we shall get letters and news papers, for I see the Government have accepted a mail contract for tbe benefit of the residents at Isistown, and tbat looks well too.— [Advt.] ? ? 