The following was the rainfall registered at the undermentioned places at 9 a.mn on Monday :-Newcastle, "04; Northam,-;2; York, '04; Beverley, 06 i -Vsse, "01; Brem er Bay, "54; Esperance, "09. The Government are now publishing the second edition of- Mr. Hardman's geolog ical report on the -Kimberley district, which will attract general notice at the present juncture. The report is accom panied by a splendid map. The convict Belcher, whose arrest we notified in Monday's issue, was arrested while prowling about the wharf at Bun bury by Water Police Constable Maxwell. He had a number of burglars' tools in his possession when arrested, and he will be charged accordingly at the Bunbury Police Court. A comet was observed on Sunday even ing inthewesternheavens about20 dengees above the horizoui. To persons of strong sight it was visible to the naked eye and presented' the appearance of a. nebulous mass which arose'out of a very' faint nu cleus, and pointed towards.the Zenith. It was so faint, however, that'persons possess ing weak sight had great difficulty in dis tinguishing it. His Excellency the Governor having issued writs for the election of members for. the Murray and Williams and:the. Gas coyne districts, has appointed Mr.. R. J. Lepper Returning Officer for the Murray and Williams district, and .Mr. Charles Denroache Vaughan -Foss for the Gascoyne. The election for the Murray and Williams is fixed for May 12th, and.the writ is re turnable on June 1st. For the Gascoyne the election is fixed for May 20th,. and the return of the writ on June 15th.. We have just had the.. pleasure:of .see ing "a beautifully executed: Geological map of the explored: portion : of the . Kim berley gold district :by Mr. . Hard man,.. in which the spot. where: the gold has been foundis markedasauriferbus. Those who deny that science is ever, of ser vice in the discovery of the precious metal may now perhaps be disposed to think that they have made a mistake, and that it might- -have : been 'advantageous'-to the colony if the Legislative Council had, in stead of pooh-pbohing, scientific research, retained Mr. Hardman's services. The s.s. Prankli sailed foi Geraldton on TIh6nday afternoon 'at 5 o'clock; sharp to' time. During the afternoon the jetty wias a scene of great activity Abo.blOt 150 - men engaged- by Mr. Keane were on :the jetty trying their best. to keep out .of harm's way by ensconcing themselves on bales of chaff &c.; while they were awaiting the time.of embarkation. Some. of them had their -wives and household 'furniture with: them and one or two seemed to be taking chairs enough to stock a mansion. .There were also 24 horses on board for. Messrs. Keane & Co. These -were splendid ani mials, two in particular measuring 17' hands high. , Amongo those on board when the vessel steamed away were Messrs. Wright, &Marmion; M.L.C's., .J1ason,. and laitland Brown. The Franklin carries a full cargo, principally of plant for the Geraldton Greenough Railway works, which of itself makes 300 tons... During the argument in the Cunningham habeas; case a question arose as to whether the Criminal and Supreme Courts were one and the same. We find that the' question was decided' in "Sydney in thlie case of the Queen v. West. .The -digested report of the dase is as:follows :-" ` Circuit Court is'distinict from the Supreme Court. At a trial for perjury committed. at a Circuit 'Court - a certificate, purporting to be by D. B. H., 'prothonotary of the Supreme Court :of New :South Wales," the officer haviig ordinarily the custody of the re cords or documents and proceedings in the said Supreme Court'of Neiv South Wales,' was admitted'in evidehce''as proof of the trial at which the perjury was committed. Held; that, as the certifiate. did not pur port, and was not proved to have been signed by the officer ofthe Court having -custody' of the'f records of-the Court whlere the. information, was. tried, nor by the officer having ordinarily the custody of those records it was not admissible." ' ' By --the courtesy of i Captain: C.- -H: Watson, we are:enabled to:give the follow-. ibg particulars respectin'g ther comet ·now visible in the early evening.: I?:isivisible about & p.m. aiid. ets soon after 8 :Itinay be seed in.the west bearing:WiS.W.- from the ~cdnstellation of Orion, and its apparent -altitude above - the :;horizon: is:, 14 >deg. 16.min:-35-sec.' ;'The nucleus, sho~siins:-.a: very bright star and the .tail, insteufdiof springing from ithe upper;edgeeof~thenudlee s .appears.!to fspring, :from: a , aloyawlich encircles .the whole'..ho!dy!of the.star. .It. 1y about"5 -degree hilemgth. Aigrpkeseiht it is an :immense;.distance.:away, frqm.,.thei earth,.:and ,whethgr it is 'receding or. .approgd i lg l1require a s8oiii'oaib ?-:' -tion to:deterhtiine hbut if it is' ipproachiig. it will probably belfp.und.~tb,¢.,e~c~di.'ng~ brilliant. The tail does:not taper off toe point but grows ':'ide '?ak it leIavE its nucleus, until it attains its maximum width at its uppermpst edge. " A telegram received by His Excellency conveys the intelligence that Sir Luke Leake died on Saturday, 1st of May on his voyage to Australia, and that he probably died at or near Malta. The'prisoners sentenced at the Freman tie Police Court on Monday, were sent to the convict prison at that place: to serve their sentences. This is the first time that this has happened since the prison was taken over by the colonial authorities. The two aboriginals Moker and Clare, who were sentenced to deathat the last crim inal sessions of the Supreme Court for the murder of another aboriginal named Me ine Joe, have had their sentences commu ted to imprisonment for life and have been removed to Rottnest. Captain C. H. Watson informs us that from a second observation of the comet now visible in the early evening, he has no doubt that it is rapidly approaching the earth. It is gaining in altitude as well, so that it will soon be visible much later in the evening. Messrs. Wheeler & Bennett, jewellers, Fremantle, exhibit in their. window a splendidly executed model of the Freman tlerailway bridge, sent in by the Railway Department; it is intended for.exhibition at the forthcoming Colonial and-Indiai Exhibition in London, is a splendid speci men of Western Australian work, and reflects great credit upontlihe operatives in the Railway Department, where it' was made under the superintendence of Mr. Mather. The following were the passengers bythe Annic Lisle, the arrival of which wras. .e ported yesterday :--Mr. Snell, Mr.' A4lstton, Miss O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. Thomnpson and five children." The, latter family was in tended to be landed at Hamelin, but ,the weather was too rough to admit of making the haibour. - Messrs. Snell and Alston, of Adelaide, are the owners of: the' hdrses, 62' in numbeir. shipped by the'Anaie'Lisle, out of which 22 only' have 'reached 'their destination. The loss sustained by'tliose' gentlemen will it is said exceed £1,500. On Tuesday evening a man named John Monaghan called at the shop of Mr. Hen derson, tailor, Hay Street, and ' asked' for' some money. On being refused he rew?. abusive, but after a time left. He soon returned, -however, - with two or three fragments of.brick, with which he smashed three panes of glass in the shop window.. A. constable came along just .then,.. and Monaghain ran away.. The constable gave. chase, captured him,: and locked' him. up.: He :was sentenced .to three' :months' imprisonment at the Police Court.on Wed-. nesday morning.. . The barque :Annie 'Lisle from Adelaide had an exceptionally rough-, passage, as will be seen by referring' to our shipping notes ...She. had several :passengers on board-and 62 horses, 30 for Mr.. G.: Alston, juinr., and 32 for Mr. Snell. Four days out she -:experienced a terrible storm. Heavy. seas broke clean over the vessel, which laboured fearfully, and.the horses were. pitched out of the stalls prepared for them. They were all lying in a confused mass in the vessel, and some of those lying under neath were drowned. The hatches were battened' down to save the' vessel, and re mained so for 24 hours. It was not. ex pected that a single horse would :be found alive. However, it was' found that.24 out. of the number had survived. Mr.- - Alston' lost 15 horses out .of the nuimber shipped and Mr. Snell 23. Heavy .weather con-, tinued till the vessel rdunded Cape Leeuwin' when it 'became -fine. All hands,. passen gers; and 'crew were at' the pumpspfor 48 hours, the time during which the heavy. gale lasted. A meeting.?to form "a Working Men's Club was held on MIond-y evening in the Working Men's' Hall, .Mr., S: H.: Parker, M.L.C;, presiding. There:were a~boub:50 persons present. The Chairmant ini .open ing the proceedings, alluded to -: former effort which' had been made to :starti a Working Men's Cluib and'hopedthat the speakers at that -meeting.ivould not foll6w the example set by the promoters of the former one by abusing what they called:the upper. classes.:' The first resolution iwas proposed by Mr. C, G. H.:Cooper-" That a Club be formed in Perthl to be called the Working Men's Club." This was carried unanimosisly. Mr. W. Sloamii ropoosed that the" Club' be composed' of the "6rkinig classes, but that persons whob're iot wok-. ing men be allowed-to --join as honorary members. 'This,also ryas carried. A pro position by M1r'.Utton, That the entrance fee be 20s.; the anuaidl'SbscriPitio6nfor an ordiniary member 30s.,; anit for an honorary member 40s." was rejected, an amendment byv Ir. Drew-That the amount of entrance fee'inmd siibscrilptio bi leftto a committee t6lbe hereafter appoirited," l'bdini c6iiri·d. Mr. Dj?aon propb.'iadThaago. iniififtee bei appobinted o bscetthii:theloSt $f'pr;eljp inug the lower hall for the i&e;'of:the Cliib, -lso to frame ruiles an(l regulations for its guidunce andto,report t. a future meeting" and this was agreed to. It.was then de cided .that the 'c6iiii'tite b'6isi~t iofseven her and Messrs: W. Sl6hn~M'MWllis, C: '' H: Cooperi: H.'Seeli'gsoih;?;W.:Utton. J. Thimpson` and JO 'Waddington" were ap pointed'a eminmittee:.IThe imeeting then, broke up after a 'vdte: of;.thdinks 'to ?thel Chairman had been:passed: ";The, tonie of the speeches was temperate throughout the meeting. In one of the Chicago parks is a large picture of General Grant, made of foliage plauits. So good is the likeness that no one who had ever seen the man or his picture wonld fail to recognise it instantly. The picture is about 5 feet by 6 feet, and stands upon an easel of draped timbers decorated with palm branches, which produced the effect of plumes. The frame is made of heavy planking, and the plants are growing and thriving on the 2 inches of soil con taified in the back of the frame. The effect at 25 feet is surprisingly good, and is that of a well-executed mosaic. The loungers in Hay and Barrack street, were afforded a little amusement on Tues day morning. "Tommy," the Fremantle bellman, was " crying" a sale at St. Geor ge's Terrace, when " Billy" who performs a like duty for. Perth, conceived the idea that his.manor was being poached on. He accordingly armed himself with his bell, and as Tommy was standing near the Town Hall corner making his oration, Billy ap peared:on the scene furiously ringing his belland trying by shouting and yelling to drown. Tommy's voice. Tommy did not wait for Billy's onslaught, but pursued his way along Howick street, and Billy took up the position lately vacated. He rang his bell and then looking after the. retreating Tonimy cried out. "Come along Tommy, come along, come along, come along. Don't be afraid, Tommy, don't be afraid of the lock-up; don't be afraid, Tommy, but come along, come along, come along." He then pointed the index finger of his left hand in Tommy's direction, while he " rang up" with his right, and repeated- the in vitation. But -Tommy was proof against all Billy's adjurations and: Billy then pointed the finger of derision at him.' Tommy had got far enough away by this time to make another- essay with his bell; which : when Billy heard, he trotted off afteirhim. Whether a breach of the peace took place deponent sayeth not,. but an hour afterwards Tommy was perambulat ing William street all smiles and bell,- and Billy was nowhere.. An old man, named William Izard, an inmate of the Invalid Depot, was found on the Mount's Bay Road on Saturday evening by Mr. Reed; a resident of the locality. He was then lying opposite Mr. Reed's premises, and that gentleman thinking that he was drunk, waited until a young man came along, and the two lifted him to the roadside where they left him to sleep off the apparent drunkenness. On Sunday morning a Miss Andrews, while going to church, found him in the same place, and relported the matter. Izard was then taken to the Depot and hot brandy was adminis tered, but he sank and expired about 3 o'clock that afternoon. The Coroner was communicated with as well as the police and a doctor, the result being that it was not considered necessary to hold an inquest, and the remains were interred on Monday. Izard was a very old colonist; he had been here over 40 years, and from the time of the establishment of the Mechanics' Insti tute until his reception into the Depot he had been a member of the Perth Mechanics' Institiute, and what is much more to his credit, had never been behind hand with his subscriptions. Consequently on his be coming destitute the committee elected him a life member of the Institute. Deceased was a sober well. conducted man, and was respected by all who. knew him. His age was 77 years. On Monday morning, William Wilks, aged 71, died at that institution. It will be in'recollection 'that one of the vessels belonging to the Port, the schddoner Pet;, which left with a cargojof: tiniber" for South Australia some few years ago, was stinck by, a' whale, and almost instantly sank, .the crew being saved and the Captaii (Iiittlejohns) leing drowned. The vessel wais at the time aboutO40 miles Soutli of Cap?e.Leewin,: where the boat contiinii? the '-crew arrived safely, navigated by William Hemrietta the mate.' The story at the tiie .seemed incredible. We have now another. instance .of a vessel coining into collisioin awith `a ahale, . The schooner Anneke of: 250 tons sailed from ''Mauritius for Sydney oni the 27th Janitaiy, 1886, with' a argo 'of sugar. When' in latitude G6 South t`and. 'Longitude 67:42:EEst; the weather beiig fine, on: February the 9th at noon the vessel received a severe shock as if she had runn on: a sunmken rock, causing her to tremble all over. On look ing" round "to ascertain the cause' it was seen that there: :wa a large whale astern, the water was much discolored with blood, the'` W4hales" flukes : being out .of: :-ater. Thl? whale appeared to: be about i 50 feet lon"', On examining the':vessel -it was was .found', that. the • stern .was knocked away, its fastenings,: which were. 1. inch bolts;, were bent- right across:from port' to sthrboard, . and several sheets ..of .copper were torn :offi the statrboard ;bow.. The puips ?ire sounded, but it,?,as found the ship ?wismiaking .no water.. The ship, was kepton :?he.i course, and the' :pumps.were sounded at,1, p.m.,;when it was found that: the!ship:was.making, a little, ,water., iAt 3, p.m?.; orders were. given'to pump ,the ship, anid, afte,..umping- halftan :hour: it.-was found thdre were: thee.feet of.water in the: hold. The ,captain then'w: ore, the .ship; 'ro.ifhd and bore' up for Mauritius, where: the vesseli arrived on: the 18th.February, tlielpumps; diting .the:whole:tine. having. been constantly kept going. When .the vessel' was docked: a survey. was held; when shel eas 'found:. tohave .sustained snch. a shaking aIk to, necessitatel,her, eing oni demned f1 Thi ;is the. ccount given by.hber chief. ,ofer, -who is ;no: in .this.,lporta? chief officer of the barque Ribston,- just ar rived from MIauritius. :, The rainfall registered at the under mentioned,places on Thursdaymorning{was as follows:--Kojonup, .21 Albany, -33 Esperance *03. Two aboriginals named Monkey and Dulup were brought to Perth on Wednes day en route to Rottnest when Monkey will undergo 12 months imprisonment and Dnlup 2. Atthe Guildford Police Court on Wed nesday Thomas Elcombe was committed for.trial for breaking into a hut and steal ing therefrom a quanrity of ammunition, -. clothing, &c.; Some of the property was recovered. A man named Charles Bromby, aged 65 years, died at the Invalid depot on Thurs day morning from heart disease. He was received into the depot on Decem-. her 7, of last year as an incurable from the Colonial Hospital. " A sailor from the Phoebe Dunbar, named Gregory Haney, was charged at the Green ough Police Court on Monday with wandering about and being a person of unsound mind, and was sentenced to seven days imprisonment, to allow of a medical examination being made by the medical officer at Geraldton. The telegraph wire between Albany and Eucla is reported to be nearly eaten through by rust in some places, and to this is in a great measure attributed to the bad working of the line when the conditions of the atmosphere are unfavorable. ' The best economy would be to have the defective wire. replaced at once by one thatis new and uncorroded. The Fremantle Volunteer Fire Brigade mlet for-practice last night under Captain Newbold, and were put through a series of -Brigade evolutions. The men appear td. be fairly efficient in their drill, willing to: learn, and made of the right kind of stauf to.cope with hard work. . The Brigade is, however, very short of funds, and it does not speak well for the public spiritedness of the Insurance Companies doing business here-that no subsidy is granted towards paying the expenses of such a useful body of ien. The local Corporation hasassist ed in the past, but it cannot afford. to d' much, and consequently the members are obliged to struggle on and keep together with no further assistance from the out side public, than an occasional pat on the ba?ik (figuratively bestowed) when'they_ accomplish some. feat which .perhaps results in a saiving to the whole commmi - ity. . It is to be hoped that there will be's,: movement among the leading residents 'of Fremantle to render assistance-to such, a deserving object. Yesterday morning an influential depu tation waited on Dr. Scott asking him to come forward in the Liberal interest for Perth.' Dr. Scott, who it may be remem be;ed said on the termination of -the last, election that he would come forward again if he was wanted, said he should be happy: to accede to the request. It is anticipated that he.will be elected without - opposition, there being no other possible candidate. who would have a ghost of a chance against him. Should there be a contest the mem-. bers of his party, feeling as they do how bravely he has on two occasions fought their battle for them and only beon defeat ed by a small majority which a little more energy on the part of his friends might have easily converted into a minority for his opponent, are determined not to leave an elector:~ncanvassed. There was a ru-' mor that Mi'. Shenton was disposed to throw up Toodyay and set up for Perth. Bit that gentleman would be very . ill ad vised to throw away the substance for -the' shadow. .In a civic election, where there is an open ballot and ciunulative voting, he is formidable, but in a political contest he would be nowhere. No one could carry Perth on a Conservative Platform, and were Mr. Shenton to change fronthe would be wistructed by both parties. -A Bazaar in aid of the aged and infirma ministers,fumd of the Anglican Church was opened in the Perth Town Hall on Tues day afternoon. It was originally arranged that Lady Broome should perform the; ceremony of declaring it open, but as Her Ladyship:was unable to attend she deputed Dean..Gegg to act on her behalf. When the .hour for opening arrived the Dean announced this fact and on Lady Broome's, behalf :declared - the Bazaar .open... The. hall presents a very pretty sight with the goods.displayed for sale tastefully aranged? on tables placed near the walls ofthe' room, and the various parishes of the dio-" cese were.:represented. The Perth stall was" presided over. by Mesdames Parry,. Allen, Lefroy, and Miss Moore ; the Gerald ton stall:by Mrs. Gale, the Albany 'by M.rs. Hare, the York by Mrs. Habgood, and the refreshment stall by Miss Keogh. These were assisted by a unber of young ladies. iwho were indefatigable in their efforts tQo s?ecure purchasers for their wares. The (goods iwere of the usual kind found i? bzzairs,, and in addition the: useful and ornamnental, ~nere well represented. There were. some, splendid specimens of. crewel work, laces; &c.;, while out of the drapery, line :there .was a good assortment of gases,, writing desks, and other representativesoo articles which would be grouped, by Mlrs. Partington, under the generic. appellation of .' Articles of Bigotry and yirtue?.' The& Sattendance..was not very largeat the opent. ings;,:hbut asi theo afternoon.w. ore on.it increased considerably and a' thri?i?g business appeared to be doing" The s.si Franklin with His Excellency -the Governor and party on board-left Champion Bay at 11 o'clock last night,'and will probably arrive at 9 o'clock to-night. If the vessel arrives too late for the brdin ary trains, a special train will convey the vice-regal party and the rest of the pas sen gers to Perth. At the Dongarra Police Court Binghar, -lias Lambo, an aboriginal, charged t-ith maiming sheep, was sentenced to six moliths in gaol. Another native named Byander was charged with assaulting Monkey, a compatriot, and received a similar sentence. Doobadoor, alias Mon key, Murdoo, alias Joe, Candon alias-Harry, and Nergalia, were charged with stealing and slaughtering one sheep, the property of Alfred Clinch. and received a sentence of one month's imprisonment each. A native named Plains Jimmy, who rejoiced in the pseudonym Chibbey, was charged with assaulting a Mrs. Morrissey, in Nov eifiber, 1878, and was discharged, the prosecutrix not appearing. A sheepowner named Andrew Brand was charged on the information of Scab-In spector Mills at the Geraldton Police Court on Friday with neglecting to report to the Scab- Inspector for the district that his sheep were infected with scab, the date of the offence being March 13th. He was fined £2 per day for 26 days and costs. On a second information, charging him with failing to report to the Resident Magistrate of- the. district, he was. fined £52 and costs. A third information charg ed him with neglecting to brand the in fected sheep with the letter " S," as re quired-by the Act, and on this he was fied £10 and 45s. costs. The fines recorded against him therefore amount to £114, and there are costs in addition. "- The whole of the Perth letter carriers sent in their resignations to the Postmastei General on Wednesday, the resignatiofis td take' effect from June 5ti. The reasons which prompted this step are, so for as. we cain understand, as follow :---Last year they asked for an increase of salary, and were told that their request could not be grant ed untilf the Legislative Council met, 'bnt that their case would then be brought for rivard a-id a rise allowed. The Council met ind the; -session terminated, but nothing ;was heard of the promised increase," and tlie men, fearing that they weuld be piit off- on a. similar pretext this year, deter= mined to sever their -connection with the Adepartment, hence their resignation... The remuneration paid to them isi said..to: amount to about £5 per month.peri man, just sufficient to enable themni to starve in:a genteel manner, and there is no doubt that, ;'heth'er their services be worth little ,or much, tthey have a perfect right to de& mand 'wages which will enable them to'live witib t running into debt. . A veiy serious accident happened yester iy '"on' board the schooner Floiderdade which is"moored alonside the Frenmiitle South Jetty. 1-Malay-sailor had climbed' up. -the: chain- worked :throu'gh an:iroqn blclurisedifor -lifting cargo, to fetch down' the hook. Upoli this- he had placed his; foot, and in that position was being lowei: ed. Whenabout half way down his foot slip. ped and losinghis hold hefell down the hold of.the, vessel,.falling across the keelson and cutti.g -the back of his head and severely brpising himself: otherwise. The! water police and Captain Barter with the owner] .Ir, Lilly, were quickly on the..spot, and the unfortunate man vas placed on a stretcher, in which position he was. con veyed to" the 'aitcident' r'Tid" for miedical examination where Dr. Barnett promptly attended, and after sewing up a deep gash ; in the- back -of the" poor fellow's behd, dis patchee himtothe Perth ColoniialHospital theIDoctor:being of "opinli. the ? iilf?' r had sustained serious internal injuries re qriring very careful atteiition. r .r - 