; AUNT. PARKER. By B. L. Faiurok. " Author of " No. 119 Gtuiat Porter 'i ' Square," "The Sacred Nugget," "At the 7/ Sign of the Silver Flagon," "Grif," Blade o Grass," "The House of White 1 \ - Shadows," Joshua Marvel," " An Island : Pearl,'.' Ac., Ac. The Bight of Translation is Reserved. T ' CHAPTER LIV.— Raised from a Living Grave. '; It was night when I recovered my senses. I was lying on my rough bed, and there was a dim light in tho room. A woman was sitting by. / , ihy side. , V i k or a few moments I did not dare to look at her. A confused memory of what had taken placo was in my mind, but I could not sepa- rate fact from fancy. At length I found courago to turn my eyes upon the woman's face. It was really and truly Nurse Elliott who was tending me. ' .. Her eyes rested upon mo, and a look of joy / flashed into them wnen she saw that I was . awake and conscious, ; ' "Lina I" she cried. .< \- "Ot Nurse— dear, dear Nurse 1" It was all "that I could say for a little whllo, and she put her face close to mine, and kisseu me and wept over mc. "It is not a dream, dear Nurse?" No, dear child, it, is happily, happily real. 0, Lina— dear, dear Lina 1" " Tell mo all, Nurse." V . " To-morrow, dear. You are not strong enough to hear it to- night." "I am strong enough, indeed, indeed I ami Toll tno Timw T rntinn f luint tlin micnnnon " "It is the most wonderful thing, my pOor suffering child ; the most wonderful, beauti ful thiugl I hardly know where to com mence." "Commence at' the very beginning. Nurse, dear. It will do mc good. Ah t It nas done mc good already to hear your sweet voice! We are safe here, arc we not?" "Yes, dear, wo aro quite safe. Wolf is keep ing guard over us." " Only Wolf, Nurso ?" I asked. For my thoughts were travelling to Ned, and I wanted to be sure that it was his voice I had heard as well as > hers. " There is another keeping watch over you hIbo, my dear?" " Mr. Edward Lorimcr ?' " Yes, my dear, Mr. Edward and Wolf are together outside. He is outside. Shall I call himin?" " No, Nurse dear; I am not strong enough yet. for that. Remain with mc— do not leave me 1 Do not let anybody else come to me to night." "It shall l>c as you wish, dear." "Now commence, Nurse. From the very be ginning, from the time that I left your happy house"— I could not finish the sentence. " Shall I see it again, Nurse ?" "Yes, my dear child, and soon, I hope. Never, never leave it, unless of your own free will." " You aro true to me, Nurse— 0, Nurse, you are true to me 1" " True to you, my child ! I never was any- thing'elsc. I love you more now than I over lovod you : and there was a time when I should not have thought that possible." "You lovo me," I said, in a choking voice, "more than , you over loved me! O, Nurse, dear Nurtu. mv heart is almost breaking with joy I They told me you had left England, and that I should never cc you again." " They told you false, my dear," " And Rube is in England ; did ho not go awav ? " No, dear child, he is there in the old shop, and he and I liavo never been separated till now —except for a day now and then, when I went down to that hateful Restoration Hall to try aud get some news of von." " Dear Rube I And be is still my friend ? " " You never had a truer." " Yes. Nurse," I said, pressing her band to mv lips, " there is ono friend dearer, truer than all tho others." " My dear, wo will not speak of that. Aro you sure yoti aro strong enough to hear the story ?" " Yes, Nurse, commence at once." "My dear," she said, after a slight pause, " when I found that I uid not hear from you, and that you did not send mo one line in reply to all the letters I wrote you—" " I never received any, Nurse. Thoy must have been kept from mc wickedly, wickedly kept from me." " Yes, dear. I understand it now. But it was a great trouble to me. Rube had a suspicion of what was being done with my letters, and ho tried to comfort me by saying that you would soon bo a free womau. But when your birth day came round — tho day on which you wcro 21 — ami wo had no news of you, I could not restrain my impatience, and I went to Restora tion Hall to get some news of you. The house was closed, and no person could' tell me any thing, so I had to go back to London unsatis fied, and wait, and wait. My dear, iu what I am going to tell you I have made a binding promise- — " " To whom Nurse, dear 1" " To Mr, Edward. I must say as little of .him as possible. He knew that this conversation would take place between us, and lie bound me down not to say a single word respecting him more than is absolutely necessary, lie has much to impart to you himself, aud you must hear it from uo one else." " Go on, Nurse." "Well, my dear, when I found that I could get no news of you I was iu despair. I went to Mr. Edward, aud ho could toll mc nothing, except that he was informed you had left England of your own free will." Jt was false, Nurse." " Yc.-, my child, I know, I know ; hut I was really powerless. I went to Mr. Bathgate. It wa a long tuuo bcfqrc t was successful iu see ing him. und then, after listening to what I had to say, ho said you were your own mistress, and that you were doing as you liked ; that you hud decided to travel to tho continent, and mi'-ht remain awav for years; that your movement were not my concern, and that if I intruded myself upon him again ho would charge me at the police court with heaven knows what." " And Mr. Lorimcr, Nurse and the old gentle- xnau ?" .1 have not seen him, my dear, from that day to this. If you knew how hard it i9 to mo to keep mv pfbrniso to Mr. Edward you would pity mc, Lina ; but it must be done, and I must get along as well as I can. You sec, my dear, I had no authority over you, and it could easily he made to appear that I was interfering where I had no ripffit to interfere. Rube aud I talked it over again 'and again, and he consulted his lawyer friend, who advised him to let tho matter alone, or ho would get hiuisolf into serious trouble. But in spite of that advice, if Rule could have seen his way to do anything, he would havo dona it and risked the conse quences. Well, my dear, mouths passed, and wo had no suspicion of the truth, nor any means to guido us to it. It was hard for we to l/clicvc that you had forgotten us—" ' I never did that, Nurse dear, never for ono moment." "Indeed, my dear, I nover did believe it, but my heart was very sad when I thought of you. Bo one year passed, and wo had no news of vou ; another year passed, aud you seemed to be dead to us ; aud still another year passed, and it did seem to uie as if wo should never seo each other again. We saw nothing during tho last, two years of Mr. Edward — I may say that witiiout breaking my promise to him — and then, on d wonderful, wonderful day, Rube came from the shop into our little sitting- room — " The dear, dear room I" I murmured. " I can see it now." " He was very excited, and when ho told mo not to bb excited, without telling me anything else, he made me, of course, a good deal worse than he-was himself. 'What is it about VI cried to him, 'What is it about?' And when ho said it was about you I thought I should have fainted. My dear, Rube presently brought Wolf into the room, aud he gave me a letter from you. I was so bliudcd with my tears that I could hardly read it, but I did succeed at laBt, and then I lcarut the wicked, wicked way in which you had been treated. I questioned Wolf, and got out of him as much as I could—" " But Wolf cannot speak Euglish, Nur?e I" I exclaimed. " How could you understand what be said ?" " My dear, he had been a very long time getting to us< and ho had learnt a little Eng lish, and that is how it was. Ho is an extra ordinary inau, Lina—" "Ho is a noble friend," I said. "But for Jim I should never havo hnd tho happiness of gearing yourswcot voice again." "J think you are right, my dear child ; but we most thank God as well for helping hiin and you and all of us." " I do, dear Nurse. If it had not been that I placed my faith in the all-gracious Lord, had it not been that prayer sustained me, I 'should have gone mad or should haYO died beforo this happy uight ! " " Dear Una I My poor, suffering child. Woll, my dear, when I understood what had occurred, I turned to Rube and asked what had best bo done. Excited a we had been before, wo were a thousand time more excited now. 'You must go to her, l)ob,' said Rube ; 'you must go to her without a day's delay. But you cau't go alone. There's no telling what might happen with such a wicked wretch as that woman'— you know whom lie xucaut by that — 'to fight against. You must have a man with you, and If the worst comes to the worst, and we cannot got a proper man, I will put someone in charge of th? shop aud go,with vou myself.' " "How" good of him, &urse;, I said; "liow good oi him !" "He U the same a ever, dear— tho same dear, fino-Wtrtod man that you know him to be. I v don't know what I. should have done without lam. My dear, the first thing he does i3 to ualvU Wolf understand that ho is to remain with Hie exclusive rfidit o! publication iu New South Wauw li.is pjrduueii by tlio proprietors ol tho Dfcfiy 'lclotfruph. Us» in tho borough till our plans are arranged, and then he puts the shop in my care and goes OUt. WherO to. mv dear? Tn T.nrSmor anil Bathgate's office— that was' bearding the lion in his den, wasn't it? He didn't intend to have much to say to Mr. Bathgate ; it was Mr. Edward he wanted to get hold of, and he thought naturally he could get hold of him iff that way. You must know, my dear, that neither of us had been to that offico for two years aud more, and you may imagine how surprised Rube was to And tlie placo shut up. There was no Lorimer and Bathgate, at least not in Mincing- lanc, and nowhere else for that matter. But that did not dis courage Rube ; nothing does discourage him when he takes a thing iu baud. 1 1 am hound to see it through, Deb,' — that is what he says — I am bound to see it through and ho does see it through better than any man I over heard of. He makes inquiries, and he is out the livelong day. ' And I would have kept out the whole lifelong night,' he said to me when he got back, ' rather tnau be beaten.' He didn't waut to find out whero Mr. Bathgate was —we had had more than enough of hira ; ho wanted to find out whore Mr. Lorimcr and his son were. Well, my dear. I don't know liow he managed it, but manage it he did, and he come home with an address where ho was told ho would be able to see them. At first he thought of going himself, but on secoud thoughts he decided it would be best for ine to go, and to tako Wolf with me. This, we agreed, would be the right thing to do, so early the next morning— really, my dear, nt a littlo after 8 o'clock — Wolf and I were in a cab driving to the address Rube had obtained. Good fortune was on our side, Lina, for as the . cab drove up to the door of tho littlo houso in which Mr. Edward and his father are living who should I see comefeut of it but Mr. Edward himself. It is on the tip of my tongue to tell you Bomothing IIUUUII 11. KUIMIri MUiV WIUV.I1 UiiiUU 1IIU Vt-'iy, very sorry, hut that would be breaking my promise to him, und I mustn't do it. No, my dear, he shall tell you everything himself, and I am sure you will pity him as much as I do. Mr. Ned receive me as kindly as ever, speaks as gently as everts as good-hearted a gentleman as ever, but not quite so bright as ho used to be there I I atn on the point of saying what I have no business to say. Yes. my dear, Mr. Edward meets mo most kindly, but doe not ask mo into his house. He walks from it with me by hi side and Wolf following us, and as we walk I tell him the whole story as far a 1 know it. Ho was terribly agitated, interrupted rae a hundred . times, cuUs WoU and questions him, nnd then says, trembling all over aud as white as a ghost, that I must get back to the borough at once, and that he will meet inc at tho shop in less tlum nn hour. He keep his word; as he always doe and will, and when he join us he has a travelling bag with him. I knew by that sign that he was coming with us, and 'that your Aunt Parker would at last meet her match, for there was an cxprcsion on his face I had never .seen there be fore. It is no breach of confidence, uiv dear, to toll you that there have been great changes in his circumstances, but that ha uot altered him a bit. He naked tne to go through the whole affair again, and then ho had a long private talk with Wolf. No ver in my life have I seen a man in such a state a Mr. Edward was when Rube and 1 went into tbe parlor after his conversation with Wolf was over. He was trembling like a leaf, but after awhile he pulled himself together and said that we mu9t start off that very night for this wretched, miserable place. And we do, my dear; ami I have nothing to tell you of what passed during the iournev that I have a riuht to tell. We are here together, my dear child, never, never' to part again. Oh, how thankful I am— how thankful, how grateful !" I did not for a Jong time break the silence. It was in my mind to ask my dear nurse whether Ned was lmppy in hi marriage, but the words stuck iu my throat. There was some thing, however, I wanted to hear of another person— of Aunt Parker. "Where is she, Nurse," I asked. "Who, my dear?" " Aunt Parker." "She is gone, my dear child. I shouldn't wonder if we never saw her again. With all my heart I hope we shall not." "I hope so, too, Nurse. But what happcued when you came to the door and I fell into your arms? I only heard your voice and Ned's"— his name in this form slipped from me unawaro —"and my joy was so great that it overcamo mo. What bappjned then ? " "Your Aunt," said Nurse Elliott, "seemed frightened at first, but she presently grew furious and began to storm. She called us all sorts of names — she was really in such a rage that she Eceined almost out of her mind — aud said she would soon show us who was master. She rushed out of tho hut, and returned with some of tho villagers, who would have treated us badly, I believe, if it hadn't beeu for Wolf. Ho soon brought tlieui to their senses, aud they turned then against your Aunt" as they would have turned against us if it hadn t been for Wolf. They would hare hurt her and Wolf wouldn't have stopped them, hut Mr. Edward did. He persuaded them to let her go in peace. 'Yott shall smart for this,' she saici to Mr. Edward. 'Bo thankful/ was his reply to her, ' if you escape tho law. You have not ouly done a wicked thing : you have done what may endanger your liberty. Do your worst,' she snarled, 4 1 'defy you.' As for we. my dear, she would havo bitten mcif she could have had her way ; but it would have been bad for her if she had 'attacked mc ; I am, as strong a woman as she is. How ever, there is nothing hnore to be frightened at or to be feared from her ; she can do no further harm. Heaven kuows she ha done enough I And now, my dear child, I havo told you as much as I ought to do. You must get to sleep, so that you may be well enough to travel to morrow. Mr. Edward has hired guides ind mules to take you away, and in three or four days I hope we shall bo iu dear old England. Good night, dear child." " Good night, dear, dear Nurse !" It was long beforo sleep came to- mc, there was so much to occupy my mind. In- deeed, I was 'almost afraid to encourage sleep for fear I might wake up aud find that all the wonderful events of the day had becu a dream. Nurse Elliott pretended to sleep, so that I might not oxhaust myself by talking to her. I held her hand fast, aud by degree assured mysolf that my happy rclcaso was real. I thought much of Nod ; I could not help it. What Nurse Elliott bad said of him seemed to indicate that ho had had trouble and had met with misforluno since he and I stood iace to face. All, how long ago did it seem ! But it made my heart beat with a joy that was not without pain to reflect upon tlie eager swift ness with which he had flown to my rescue. He was no longer my lover, but ho was still mv frioud. How strange it was that Nurse Elliott had said nothing of 'his wife! But a littlo reflection convinced me that she did not speak of her because she did not wish to add to my sorrow. I heard the murmur of voices outside the hut; I distinguished Ned's voice, low as wcro the tones in which he was conversing with Wolf. Late in the uight I fell asleep, and did not wake till late the following morning. To be Continued. 