MELBOURNE GOSSIP. By “Tig-Tao.” Monday, Novomqor 15. Patterson's heavy artillery was as harm less as a Chinese cracker. Bent is now about to apply the match. I am not alarmed,- however, that the centre of gravity ot the imiverae is about to be displaced by the concussion. The osten sible motive for impeachment is the ap pointment of Sir W. Stawell to the posi tion of Lieutenant-Governor. As tkoso disagreeable old women frequently ob serve—“ What did I toll you?” Mr. Bent, of course, has promises of strong support, and support from a quarter where least expected. There isn’t the ghost of a chanco to carry a want of confidence motion on such an indictment. Many who thoroughly disapprove of the ap pointment would not assist the Opposition to displace the Government on such an issue. I don’t think the honorable mem ber for Brighton can be ovor-sanguine of wrecking a Ministry on such an impeach ment. I have my own ideas on the ques tion. As Patterson failed to get up a row on this constitutional question, Bent now tries his hand; and, though he may be unsuccessful, ho leaves the impression behind, at least, that not Pattorson, but Tom Bont leads Her Majesty’s Opposition in tho Parliament of Victoria. This is an important issuo to have decided.. Will the proseut engagement decide that issuo? “Toby or not Toby—that there’s thequos tion.” “Not Toby” is my straight tip. There are too many master-minds, too many great loaders, in the Opposition Tanks !' Herein lies the danger. Patter son, Munro, Bent, M'Intyro, Gaunson, Jack Woods, and—Jack Gardiner, are all men who are born to command, to command—admiration of an equivocal type. The Coalition Ministry won’t give up the ghost on this occasion. The issue is a wenk one. I don’t like tho appoint ment; but I think tho Ministry has as little right to be displaced over this ques tion as they havo to be hold responsible for tho bellicose utterances of Admiral Tryon at the Mayor’s banquet an evening or two ago. The General Assembly of the Presby terian Church of Victoria have upheld the decision of the Melbourne Presbytery in the caso of the Rev. G. Dods, and dis missed the appeal against the Presbytery's refusal to sustain the call to this gentle man. As the Melbourne Presbytery were at tho bar, they were precluded from the privilege of voting. Tho question was therefore docided by tho votes of tho country members ; and crushing was tho majority- against the young Scots Church ministor. Sixty-nine votes against him, and only- twenty-six recorded in his favor! “Whatever is, is right.” So Popo says, and I respect Pope. It would tako a good many Popes, however, to convince me that justice has been meted out to the Rev. G. Dods. My- viows are the views of that minority on this question. In deed, I have somo strong views on this painful question, and some very indignant views, besides. What view can any Jiberal- minded man, any-British-speaking subject, linve on tho question of justice, ■when at becomes known that Mr. Dods -was only allowed to bo heard ex gratia ! Ah, what a pitiful farce this divine •Christianity- presents to others! The •yilost malefactor, the blood-stained mur derer, claims, according to British law, .and “ has his .claim allowed,” to bo heard in his own defence ; but tbs erring bro ther of the Melbourne Presbytery, who ■was accused of putting too literal a con struction on the Scriptures and seconding •a vote of thanks to Mr. Justice Higin ibotbam, was allowed to bo hoard only as •a matter of favor. What a monstrous farce was this! Here was a young man “ fighting for his professional life,” ns he nut it, with simple and pathetic earnest ness in his manly address to the Assembly, •“ fighting for his professional life,” and yet was allowed to be heard only- as a mutter of favor. It this be Christianity, I am not charmed with its tenets. If it bo British law, then all my life has been one long misconception of tho equity and justice of British institutions. However, ho was heard, heard somehow, and carried his audience with him. No doubt his comparative youth, his marked earnest ness, and his physical appearance {well favored by bountiful Nature), conspired to secure him much sy-mpathy- in this battle, “fighting for his professional life.” All was ineffectual, tewover. As I said months ago in this gossip, Mr. Dods was fore-doomed. Ho denied all sympathy with Mr. Strong, and deprecated all con nection with the Scots Church rebellion. The audience applauded; but the As sembly was unmoved—at least that por tion that had already- prejudged the cul prit on the charges of heterodoxy- and contumacy. Tho closing scene in tho gainful drama will be enacted this week, after which tho young Scotchman may return to his native “Caledonia stem and wild,” where- he can while away tho long winter evenings in descriptive and vivid reminiscences of tho march of Christi anity in tho South Sea Islands! The Mayoral banquet was a great success. There were a few Httlo draw backs that prevented everybody from being happy. Our brilliant senators were dis satisfied with the position “Tho Parlia ment of Victoria” held on the toast-list. It should have taken precedence of “The Army and Navy.” Who was Admiral Tryon, that he should bo allowed to dis port himself in vice-regal sunshine, and air his briny- eloquence, while tho great Liberal leaders tamed the impatience of their fiery souls by cracking nuts! Others, again, took .objection to file posi tion in .which they discovered the deputy Speakor (Mr. Cooper). Instead of being with the “swell mob,” at the grand table, Mr. Cooper was down with the common crowd of doctors, lawyers, mer chants and hankers. The honor of Par liament, quick to resent such an insult, was aroused, and an explanation was sought. The wounded honor of Parlia ment became a laughing-stock, however, when it was discovered—mirabi/e dicta— that tho doputy-Speaker was lato for the ‘ ‘ feed,” and so lost the place civic courtesy had designed for his lithe and active form. Indeed, the great Fitz. wanted him to “shift;” but the modesty of the Victorian Parliamentary- Chairman of Committees, and doputy- Speaker of the most brilliant Assembly in the world, declined to change his position. No doubt, modesty had much to do with this historic act of self denial. In this he differed from the ladies who sweep down “ the long-drawn aisle” after the religious services have commenced. No; Mr. Cooper does not resemble “ that bold-faced thing,” am bitious of nothing on earth but the at traction of attention, evon in the sacred edifice on the Christian Sabbath. Man is a modest animal, especially a Member of Parliament, A sad boating accident occurred at Christchurch, Auckland, last week, re sulting; in the drowning of four young women, Kate and Edith Cotton, Emma Steward and Louisa Russell. The girls had gone out with their brothers for a row, One of them got frightened and stood frp, causing the boat to capsize. They..clung to the boat for some time, but became exhausted and sank. The brothers .were saved. 