MELBOURNE NEWS. (from our own correspondent.) Tuesday evening. : ;Thb'tw6 vaunted measures of social legisla tion carried through the last Parliament with such a flourish of trumpets on one Bide and pre dictions of ultimate failure on the other, havo now been put to tho practical test, and after all it appears as though the Factories' Act will be the most strongly opposed of the two laws. Tho administration of ihe Licensing Act lias a great deal to do with this, and it appears as though in a short space of time every licensoo will be ablo to make out a sufficiently strong case to carry his application for an exten sion of business hours. The sting has beon taken out of thp FactorioB1 Act, so far as Melbourne is concerned, by fixing tlip minimum and maximum penalties for. its infringement by shopkeepers at Is and 5s respectively, and it is now generally conceded hove that the success of the measure rests entirely with the tradospedplo themselves. If they tlnnk the (Act ehorild re main1 iii force they will obey it, but if found de trimental to their interests it will bo openly de fied. Although the measure is recoiving some bIiow of support it may bo snfoly anticipated that in tlio next Parliament a strong attompt will bo made to substitute the eight hours' system for tlio early closing prinoiplo. : Tlis Licensing. Act, as . administered by the Metropolitan Court, must be disappointing to tho prohibitionists, as it permits in . some, in stances greater facilities for conducting jvhat Mr James callB tho cursed trade. ; This is in regard to extonded hours of business. At the continued sitting of the Court to-day the licensees of a largo numbor of hotels obtained permission to open their places of business at an earlier hour iirtlip morning, and close later— tho oarlier hour being '6 and'6.30 a.m., and the hour of closing midnight, or 12,30 a.'ni. ThpsO having boon dis posed tho Court prbceoded to deal/with tlio ap plications to register extra bars, oiily ono being perniittod by the Act, aud in. this diroction '.ajso/tlio Court igoiioroiisly: consi dered the reqiurbioonts. of tho public, and tho.iiitoroat of.tho. hcimsos .by granting: a very: largbmiajbrity of tlie applications— ill fact 'post- j poning for further consideration, those which wore not at once grantod, After those reserved for further consideration, thri principal applica tion was by tlio liconoee of the Theatre Royal bars. The police objected to the extra bars, as one termed the "Saddling Paddock," was re served for the 'demimonde'. Judge Ohomloy thought it advisable to havo a bar, specially for these women, so that they need not enter the same room as othor customers, but the Court decided to adjourn the matter for further con sideration. In tlie caso of the Arcade Hotel, Little Oolliii3-stroel, tho police objected to the application for tho a second bar oil the grounds that it was only opened in the evening for the accommodation of wotnen. I Tlie'application.wac adjourned so that an investigation might be made. : . . Tliosq ! angelic old gentlemen; who rule tin: destinies of Presbytorianism in Melbourne), again indulged in their favourite amusement to-day, and had what, from their standpoint of enjoy ment, must bo regarded as a "high old time." The portiipss with which 6ome reverend: gentle men give ojie another tlie lie direct cannot bo excelled by the stump orators of a political cam paign, and although the debates of a. meoting of Presbyterian clergymen forms interesting read ing, their publication cannot but fail to bring ridicule on the cause of religion. The troublu nroso in connection with tho call lo the minis tration of Scots Church and whore the Revs. J., Hay and 'M'Eaoliran complications might ' bo looked for, especially as Dr Dr M 'Donald would not by. any means pour oil on the .troubled waters. 179 members and 142 adherents of tho Church had signed tlie call to the Rev.. George. Dods. The call having been supported by soveral ministers Dr Morrison's complaint and appeal wcro read. He thought somo abler man thiin Mr Dods Bhould bo obtained from Scotland, and took exception to Mr Dods teachings as not being sufficiently harsh and orthodox. ...Ho thonght Mr Dods unsound on the doctrine of tbo Holy .Ghost aqd Divinity of. Christ, wliilo it was appdrprit Dr Morrison considered; liirii guilty of tlio-'juipardoriahlo offence of doubts- as to the eternal daniuution pf little children. It was at once apperent that tlie bitlerest members of the Anti-Strorig party wore unfavourable to Mr Dods, to,!)d fet tiioy desirqd an adjournment ; but Mr Dods' friends wished to go right through with tho matter. Then the excitement began. Tho Revs. D. S. M'Eaclivan, J. L. Rentoul, A. Yuilo, 'S. Robertson, against the Reys. J. Hay, DrM'Donald, Grotindwator Frazer for transact ing business. The Revs. Hay and Yuille be came personal, and the expressions "it is," "it isn't," tdiid ovou I'liar," wore heard,' biit who used the 'latter Presbyterianism could not be ascortaihod, but at any rate Mr Hay contended that Mr Yuille had not spoken tlio "''truth'.' Then tjlip Rovs. Aberuethy and Patten did what the judjd/ropqr(er. would; term some " hard swearing, as to- whether Mr Hay had or had not called Mr Yuille a liar. Tlie's'e /mirthful proceedings having subsided/the matter at issue was postponed until Wednesday week, wlien the call wib he considered, and may,! be: there to see. ; !'. ' '' !'''"/.' . :;.i , -. . It is stated on good authority tliiit the Public Service Boarq((liavo.uii.der coiisideration .the dp-.' poilitmeiit -of® ariotlier 'Police Magistrate,' this ibeing required) ,by the recent appointments to the Licensing'"Courts. ". The geiitleinan will be selected from the ranks of Clerks of Court, who alwaysalfq the heat Police Magistrates. .; The Idiajgpiid' /drHl prospecting for coal at Cape Pateraoii is now down 460 feet, and has pierced two soanitj, , one ( oiglib - inches and , the other three- "feet - seven inclies in ' thickness;' -.The latter contains two feet of coal of fair quality.-'''1-"; /":! ' Mrs Hamptdu!"hiid; hor ' throe daughters, charged with the wilful liiui'der of Ethel May iHainptoif/tweie'itohavo' cbittd1 before theCity Bench tliis morning, but their attendance was dispensed with, and they were formally re- niauded to appear at'CqbUfgTOtr Tuesday inext.1 At the GenmM' Se'ssionsV' ill the/case of 'YYil;' liam AVhite,/rau iiwoj vent, tailor,, oliai'god with, false prdtpuces the Cro'wri Prosecutbr statedithat no presentment h'acl'be'eirfilhd; and 'the prisoner was discharged! / . ,,, . ,v Mr Charles Ernest' Claik" reports sales ah fol low Bank of Australasia, L95 ;' Broken Hills, L26 lfis to ;L2Q ; / Day -Dreams (1150 shares), 21s Qd'to ;21s ; iLiibrus, 2s to 2s 3d ; ; Parkers' Uriited/ls 6d to Is '9d ; Midas, 2os ; Rose of Duumark,.()s ; Nb. 204Tibute,) 6s; ! , , ; ; , , 