FRAAK .B UOKLAND AND THE COBRA BITE. The following is an account of how the great naturalist was on one occasion bitten by a cobra, and nearly lost his life. The incident occurred at the Zoological Gardens, London. "I once had painful experience," says Mr. Frank Buckland, "of the awful effects of snake's poison. I have received a dosed of the cobra's poison into my system, luckily a minute dose, or I should not have survived it. The accident hap pened in a cunrious way. I was poisoned by the snake, but not bitten by him; I got the poison second-hand. Anxious to witness the effects of the poison of the cobra upon a rat, I took up a couple in a bag alive to a certain cobra. I took one rat out of the bag and put him into the cage with the snake. - The cobra was coiled up among the stones in the centre of the cage, apparently asleep. When he heard the noise of the rat falling into the cage he just looked up:and put out his tongue, hissing at the same time. The rat got into a corner and began washing him self, keeping one eye on the snake. Presently he ran across the snake's body, and in an instant the latter as sumed his fighting attitude. As the rat passed the snake made a dart, but, missing his aim, hit his nose a pretty hard blow against the side of the cage. This accident seemed to anger him, for he spread out his crest, and waved it to and fro in the beautiful manner peculiar to his kind. The rat became alarmed, and ran near him again. Again the cobra made a dart and hit him, but did not, I think, inject any poison into him, the rat being so very active ; at least no symptoms of poisoning were shown. The bite, nevertbeles , aroused the ire of the rat, for he gathered him self up for a spring and, measuring his distance, sprang right on to the neck of the cobra, who was waving about in front of him. This plucky rat, deter mined to die hard, gave the cobra two or three severe bites in the neck, the snake keeping his body erect all the time, and endeavoring to turn his head round to bite the rat, who was clinging on, like the old man in ' Sinbad the Sailor.' Soon, however, the cobra changed his tactics. Tired, possibly, with sustaining the weight of the rat, he lowered his head, and the rat finding himself again on terra firma, tried to run away; not so, for the snake, col lecting all his force, brought down his erected poison fangs, making his head felt by its weight in giving vigor to the blow, right on the body of the rat. This poor beast now seemed to know that the fight was over, and that he was conquered. He retired to a corner of the cage and began panting violently, endeavoring at the same time to steady his failing strength with his feet. His eyes were widely dilated, and his mouth open as if gasping for breath. The cobra stood erect over him, hissing and putting out his tongue, as if conscious of victory. In about three minutes the rat fell quietly on his side and expired. The cobra then moved off and took no further notice of his defunct enemy. About ten minutes afterwards the rat was hooked out of the cage for me to examine. No external wound could I see anywhere, so I took out my knife and began taking the skin off the rat. I soon discovered two very minute punctures, like small needle holes, in the side of the rat where the fangs of the snake had entered. The parts between the skin and the flesh, and the flesh itself, appeared as though affected with mortification, even though the wound had not been inflicted above a quarter of an hour, if so much. Anxious to see if the skin itself was affected, I scraped away the parts on it with my fuger nail Finding nothing but the punctures, I threw the rat away, and put the knife and skin in my pocket, and started to go away. I had not walked a hundred yards before, all of a sudden, I felt just as if some body had come behind me and struck me a severe blow on the head and neck, and at the same time I experienced a most acute pain and sense of oppression at the chest, as though a hot iron had been run in and a hundredweight put on the top of it. I knew instantly, from what I had read, that I was poisoned. I said as much to my friend, a most intelligent gentleman, who hap pened to be with me, and told him, if I fell, to give me brandy and eau-de luce, words which he kept repeating in case he might forget them. At the same time I enjoined him to keep me going, and not on any account to allow me to lie down. I then forgot every thing for several minutes, and my friend tells me I rolled about as if very faint and weak. He also informed me that the first thing I did was to fall against him, asking him if I looked seedy. He most wisely answered, 'No, you look very well.' I don't think he thought so, for his own face was as white as a ghost; I recollect this much. He told me my face was of a greenish yellow color. After walking, or rather staggering along for some minutes, I gradually recovered my senses, and steered for the nearest chemist's shop. Rushing in, I asked for eau-de-loce. Of course he had none, but my eye caught the words' spiritus ammonia, or hartshorn, on a bottle. I reached it down myself, and pouring a large quantity into a tumbler with a little water, both of which articles I found on a sodawater stand in the shop, drank it off, though it burnt my mouth and lips very much. Instantly I felt relief from the pain at the cheat and head. The chemist stood aghast, and on my telling him what was the matter. recommended a warm bath. If I had then followed his advice these words would never have been placed on record. After a second draught at the hartshorn bottle Ipro ceeded on my way. feeling very stupid and confused. On arriving at my friend's residence, close by, he kindly procured me a bottle of brandy, of which I drank four wine-glasses one after the other, but did not feel the least tipsy after the operation. Feeling nearly well I started on my way home, and then, for the first time, perceived a most acute pain under the nail of the left thumb. This pain also ran up the arm. I set to work to suck the wound, and then found out how the poison had got into the system. About an hour before I examined the dead rat I had been cleaning the nail with a penknife, and had slightly separated the nail from the skin beneath. Into this little crack the poison had got when I was scraping the rat's skin to examine the wound. How virulent, therefore, must the poison of the cobra be! It already had been circulated in the body of the rat, from which I had imbibed it second hand." The Imperial Fife and Drum Band held their third annual Concert and Ball on Friday evening, the 30th nit., in the Forrester's Hall, Smith-street, when the Combination " Serenaders went through a good programme to a very large audience, after which over sixty conuples were present at the Ball. A torchlight procession preceded the event, starting from the Fitzroy Town Hall, consisting of the following. Imoarial, Richmond City, Yarraberg, and Brighton Drum and Fife Bands; Albion, Fitzroy Temperance, Yorkshire Brewery, Collingw.'ed Union, Foots eray Temperance, and East Melbourne Fire Brigades. A horse was sent up from a farm to be shod. Having a number of. ready-made shoes on hand, the job, in the absence of the boss, was given to an apprentice. After an interval the following note came to the superintendent :-" This horse don't fit any of our shoes." 