FRANCIS ORMOND CO., CHEWTON. Ihe. naif-yearly, meeting was held on Monday at the Company's office, Sandhurst. Mr M. Thomas in the chair; and there -wero eight share holders present, representing AO, 750 shares. Tlio following reports and balance-sheet word received and adopted : — Directors' Renort. — Since bur bppointment permanent work in tho mine: has 'been carried on continuously. Wo purchased the freehold proporty known as Mysing's adjoining us ; 'this wo consider adds vory much to tho value of our operations. From tho improvod prospects obtained wo found our crushing plaut not equal to the amount of work required. After carefully looking at tho ap- pcarauco of tho reef it was resolved to havo an additional battery erected. Our attention was directed to a plant nearly now with all appli ances for ten heads, five of which wore com plete ; this wo bought at a low prico, and is now being connected ; ns soon as finished wo hope to have un abundanco of payablo quartz ready to koop tho machinery constantly work ing. The calls havo necessarily boon heavy, but (from present appcaranco may reasonably expect dividends shortly) tlio shareholders have biiown 'their confidence in the mine ' by quickly responding to calls made. Wo bavo, with many others, to mourn tlio Iosb we havo sus tained by the death of tho late Mr Featonby, a director and largo /shareholder since tho forma tion of this Company. Wo appointed Mr A. Harkness his successor. Mining Manager's Report.— In submitting to. you a report of the work done in your mino during tho past six months, I bfeg to state that tlio engine-shaft has-been sunk 20 foot ; making a total depth of 207 feet from tho surface. A .plat wus then cut at a depth of 253 feet. This being completed, a contract was 4»t to drive-a crosscut woat-flOft, At 16s 6d por foot ; 'nearly tho wliolo of tlio ground passed through in this contract was nico slate country, the distance from shaft, on com- plotifili of boritfact, being .70 feet. After ex tending tfiri crosscut d farther distance of 16ft ; total front 'shaft, 87ft; a large body of water was cut, causing us to cense operations, in engine shaft for 0110 month. Tho water having then eased off it was deemed Advisable Id let a contract to drive 200 feet mirth, for the pur- poso of intersecting a large body of stone dipping south from Perseverance shuft. This. 1b. now being 'carried out; total distanco driveh itpfto date, llO feot, prico per foot 18s. Persever ance shaft — In the beginning of June - lakt the wiiter was drained from this shaft ; after being secured was found to be 170 feot deep, at this depth a crosscut wds driven west; about 80 feet, by previous parties some yenrs Ago.; from this crosscut north largo quantities of stone have been crushed with good! payable, results. I would here mention that this crosAeut in on our boundary, and that large budios of stone are going undorfoot of . a very promising character carrying grild; and- 110 doubt: will, -bo payable when prdperly opened up; : In lorder.to do this a contract liaa bAriri let to siuk.a witlzo from tlie bottom Of the crosscut' to 'a depth of 80 ftoton tlio strilip, rip to dato 'ithlis beeii sunk 9 'feet ; stone feluiwiiig, a little gold. ' When this 'winze is'cdiiiidcted with the flrivri1 coiiiih'g' back iiorth from engirid- sliiift, you u'ill liayp' 8S;feet' of backs 011 what may be fairly tdrmed an 'un- iimited quantity of storio.- Other . work in this all 11ft is prinoipaiiy coiiBnod- to. driving west on a -large body of stone,-; which lias j been of. a payable character during tho past six months. In conclusion, allow- me to say tlmt X consider tlio future prospects of yoffr initio to be good, arid believe that yotir lii'ghost anticipations tvili bA , realised iri a vbty short tiriio. Machiriery arid pumps ' wrirkiiig Well. Balance-sheet. — Receipts : To iriaterials, ;L2 9s ' 3d , Advertising, L2 17s Od ;' gold; Cofaipariy, L271 Is 6d ; gold, tnbntors, L908 ,9s 8d ; callB, L726 5s.; Govern ment grant, ,P. V., LiOO crusiiirig, L23/ ;2s ; balance, .L022 14si4d ; total, L2,G56il9a 3d. Expenditure ,: Ry balance , last audit, ,L576,10s 4d ; wages, L503 10s ; management, L38 18s ; material,! L100 7A'lld ; firewood, L195.: 16s Cd ; printing and advertising, LIO 19s ; carting aiid whipping, L132 lis Id ; foundry, Ll51 163 6d ; contract; L282 10s 9d i' timbbr, "L72 8s 4d'; general charges, L6 17s 2d ; office, L13 7b 6d ; gold, 7s 6d .gold, tributors, 'L457 '.5's 4d ; in terest, L24 Is j property, L70 ; law. etists, jtilOj; '.. lease rents,; L3 2s 3d ; total, L2,656 19s 3d. The/disposal. of the forfeited shares whs left; in the hands of tho directors!. The re tiring .direc tors and auditors were ro:elccted, and the meet ing closed; ' ' ; 