THE SICK ELEPHANT. [By Hugh Kalyptcs.] The Minister of Education looking np ft work on ' Diseases of Stock," with a plaster of Paris model of an elephant before him soliloquises— So help me patience, but 'tis very hard, That 'midst my troubles and great worriment Here In head quartern, there doth come to me, Beport from Parsons of a doleful tone. Why. Parsons was not wont to grizzle so; His mind elastic and his hopes so strong, I deemed bim proof against discouragement Great Ctesar's ghost I but thingB are getting bad, And gloomy rumours do so quickiy spread. The elephant is sick, of atrophy Or bile, dispepsla, or some kindred ilL And ParaonB grumbles in desponding strain; His tone's rebellious, and be almost blames The Cabinet—bis masters—for bad faith, As if we had not troubles on our heads Enough to sink us in a sea of woe. The people grumble and the people curse, The troubles thicken like a swarm of wasps. Chief Secretary (entering with a determined ex pression of countenance)— How now, friend Cocaburn, tbou art very glum. Are troubles brewing strong as Treble XXX, The news is flat to me as table beer; I'm sick of hearing all these hopes and ills, And seeing colleagues gloomy as the night. Cockburn—'Tis very well for vou so hardened to 't> But I am still an amateur at this; 1 keenly feel the torrent of abuse Poured full on us for working as we do, Here's Parsons flouts us in bis last report, And censures us as much as be dare do; Because, forsooth, that cursed railway He dotes upon is not accomplished yet. liiB elephant is ill, sick unto death, White elephants are always delicate. Chief Secretary—And e'er will be. So Parsons cuts up rough, And grows sarcastic in his Inst report. Well let him rail; it's like his impudence, He sought the duty and the honour gained, He's autocrat in North Australia. CecHmrn—Save Pater, Sir, and a'so B9resford, I'm told in this the last report from thence, That weakness cripples the white elephant. Bis legs are shaky and he's off his feed. His colour's dirty, and his shrunken trunk Looks like our coffers, full of naught at all. He's very seedy, and, as Parsons says, The want of iron In his system tells Upon his health, and he may haply die. [Enter the Treasurer, studying "The Stepping stone to Arithmetic."] Ncwland—Then let him die, retrenchment dig his grave: Ay 1 let ns give the Territory up To those who like it, let them run the place All by themselves unsuccoured and alone. Let's sell the country and let's bank the cash, The place is bast'ning to eternal smash. No matter what we do, or what we say. Port Darwin always is " to hastening ills a prey." Downer (who has been keeping an angry eye on Newland)— lib 1 shut up, Newland, ape not Silas Wegg, Talk sense and reason, or in silence seem The man you are not, erudite and wise. (To bis colleagues)— We'll humour Parsons, he is better there, And works with zeal, aim, and energy ; But let bim know we will not bear reproof. To keep his place is a good servant's aim, The elephant is sick, and we'll devise Some stirring mixture that may set him up. Newland (eagerly)—Let's ship away the host of unemployed, And send them there with Clements at their head. Downer (impatiently)—Oh! shut up, Newland, who asked yonr advice ? Keep silent till your Srst addressed, then speak. [Newland goes out into the passage and jumps on his hat; the rest consult over the report of the Government Resident and leave whispering, after ordering Newland to write out four copies of the report for their private perusal, his department being retrenched too much to permit of a clerk being taken off for the work of amanuensis,] Old colonists Beem at best to have but a hazy idea of the exact position that gnarled and bent gumtree at Glenelg has in our colonial history. They differ so much in opinion that ic would not be difficult to find one of them declaring that the tree never existed at all. It is a pity there is so much doubt in the matter, because we South Australians have so few relics of the past see ing that our history only goes back not quite half a century, and the only real old representatives of the past are the Buffalo guns—which, by the way, might just as well be better preserved—and a few old fossils who were at the proclamation and cannot remember much about it, except two or three with better memories than the rest. It is comical to find after all that the old tree and the land upon which it stands is really the property of the Glenelg Corporation—what a wonder Mr .John Lee did not know something of that. Perhaps the Glenelg Corporation will now recognise their responsibility and stewardship, It is not like the hopeful Mr. Parsons to row despondent over the health of South Australia's white elephant after having expressed such confidence in its constitution. Did he not leave for his semi-tropical king dom with the glorious anticipation of being able eventually to make it a oolonial jewel of price in the British Crown ? And now he is a little inclined to grow discouraged because the white elephant iB getting thin. He wants to bolus it with a Pine Creek Kail way and perhaps that is just what the expensive creature wants. He haB been fed too much upon promises, and promises at the best of times are not so filling as performances. Never mind, Mr, Parsons, what with Pater and Beresford, and the blacks, the Northern Territory is not likely to hide its light under a bushel; we are always hearing of it some way or other. It is sure to come to the front, and perhaps by and by your prophecy of its brilliant future may be realized—but not in your time, J. L. P., not in your time. It will be when the white elephant has been exchangedforthepatient,plodding,abstemious camel, or when the elephant is no longer a white one, but a big, industrious, powerful black animal, carrying on his broad back all the products of the tropicB; bearing his loads of sugar, coffee, timber, gold, Bilver, tobacco, and heaps of now unthought of products for exportation. That is the kind of elephant the Northern Territory ought to be. White elephant's seedy and gone off His feed, And his driver is worried And vexed at bis need. What the elephant wants Is a railway line, To that gold-bearing creek That is known as the Pine. When the ostrich is greedy He fattens on nails, But this pet of our Parsons He yearns for iron rails. When the elephant's wants, Are not quickly supplied Then his driver, good Parsons, In his temper is tried. 