TH K MONTH'S M'ftD IN MP.MQ1Y or nil-; LATE rRCBISHOP C90LD, CEREMONY AT ST. PAIRICK'B CATHEDRAL. St Patrick's Gathtdral is again draped to montniog, the souinrs yellow oaodles burn dimly on the altar, the pillars of the Sanctuary are hang with black drapery tbe pulpit and organ gallery are covered with similar signs of mourning, In the chanesi stands a catafalque, sur mounted by a large latin cross oarved on tbe woodsd lid of a saroopbagas. The arms of tbe late Archbishop hang on the panels of tbe catafalque, and his oroc er stands at the foot, Tne Church is filled with people, for tho most pert silently reading their prayer books mindful of the exhortation o fit. Ambrose, wbo, rrferring to tbe death of Bt. Monica, wrote We have loved her during life, and will not forget be after bet death, and by our prayare and suppU caliona eeek to obtain for her edmLslon into heaven." Presently the solemn strains of Handel's Fnneral Maroh peal from the organ, and ths procession of aoolytei and eooleslaatloi slowly flies ont of the vestry, and the Office for tbe Dead is oommenced. Cardinal Moran Is sated on the vacant throne, end in the sanctuary are Dr Murphy, Bishop of Hobart; Dr Mnrray.Bishop of Maitland ; Dr Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide; and Dr Reville Jiotor Bjehop of Sandhurst, Tbeoh is filled up with clergy from ail pans Of the diocese of Mtlbourne and tha neighboring colonfel, coir'onoas which are the white cloaks ol the UarMeuw watnefe frdht Port Mslbournv. The cantors are ths Revs J. p. Aylward and Hsgsrty. The slow Georgian chant of the psalms, nnaeoompanisd by ths organ, sounds inexpressibly isd, and ths inton ing of the lessons cornea as a relief to the over whaln Ing monrnfulnsss. His Eminence the Cardinal recited the prayere of tho office, and tbe assistants to the throne, Archdeacon Rigney, of Parrametta, and Arcbpriest Bhseby, eacn read one of the lessons. The office concluded by HI Eminence proceed ing from the thxona to the toot of the altar steps, where the Lord's Prayer wm said. Daring tbe rooing of Dc Reynolds, the Bishop of Adelaide, In the vest ments for the m-ABH, the choir sang the versa 11 Eternal Restrd " (The Venerable Arch- priest O'Meara, of St. Francis Obnrch, wm m bislant priest to Dr. Reynolds : ths R»v Dr. Corbstt, desoon, the Y i y Rev Dean Kogland, sub-deacon. The Y ry Dean Donaghy was muter of the oeumonles. Immediately after the epistle had bsen read, tbe choir sang tbe " Dies Irae," the officiating priests remain ing seated until its conclusion. The hymn founded grandly impressive as sung to the noble musio with the organ aaoompantrnent. Then Dr. Gorbatt sane the gospel of the mess, the clergy mil holding lighted tapers. Dnnng ths offertory prsyetstbe choir sang tha M recor da e," tbe music of which forms pvl of Mozart's com- Ksitfon. During the chanting of the preface Dr. Reynolds the clergy again lit their candles, keeping tbnm alight nnlil after tbe communisn of celebrant. The choir sang tbe Sanctos and Agnes Del. while ths cele brants at ths altar performed the usual cere monies of inoenslng, changing position, and otbet ritualistic motions which seem so incomprehensible to the nonCatholic spectator. The sermon wm preashsd before the abioln- tions were pronounced by tho Cardinal and the f onr Bishops present. The only lay Catholics present in tha aaao- tnary were Dr Brownlecs and Mr W. H. Archer. The choir sang the mule of tbe mass with great effect, ths soloists being fiignora Coy. Miss O'Hanlos, Signor Coy, and Mr W. R. Furlong. Mr Sykes played the dead marcu from Ban), and Mr Hartly played Bsethovan's funeral march at tha conclusion of the ser vice. THE PANEGYBIO, The Rev T, Cahill pronounced the panegyric. He prefaced his address with the 7th and 8-,h verges of II. Timothy, c Iv, j— -"I have fought a good fight, I have finished my coarse, I nave kept tbe faith. As to tha rest, there is laid np for me a crown of justice which the Lord, tbe just jodgs, will render to me en that uay." He eaid— A month ago, with uortowing heart and tearful eyes, we bw tbo grave close over the mortal remaiLS of tbe first Archbishop of Melbourne Ihe vast crowd which filled the Oathedrai, and tbe still larger orowd which eoold not find place within its walls, proved bow widespread was the feeling of sorrow, and how sincere the de sire to honor the memory of the great and good man wbo bad passed away. In the crowd were seen thousand who belonged not to the Catholic Church. By tbair pressnoe,they desired to honor the memory of tka deoeaisd Archbishop, and to express sympathy with tbe Catholic brothern in their sortow, and tbey may be assured that their Catholio brethern are grateful for their presence and for their sympathy. On that day, which waa a day of mourning for the Catholic Church in Victoria, and io all Australia, we were opnressed by the thought of the greatness of the loss which we had ko tamed. \Y said in our hearts, we eball never again behold that venerable form in which w» used to see u the Jews in the uayn of the Machabees saw in Eleazar, " the dignity of his age and bis ancient years, and the inbred honor of bis grey head" (2 Machabees, 6-24); we shall sever again hear that voice which so often instructed and admonished as, aod whilst in pleading for ns in prayer in tones full of fervor and unction, used to move ns so deeply ; wa shall never kneel to receive his paternal blessing. Bucb, old chroniclen tell, were the thoughts and tbe feelings of the faithful m they knelt 1500 years ago by the grave of the first Archbishop of Armagh. " And;tne multitude of the people and of the elegy gathered together end mourned with tears tbe decease of Partick, (heir patron, and performed in psalms and hymns the fnneral ritea. Eaoh bishop and each J rice t offered up tbe holy sacrifice." But when the ays of mourning ware over they reoalled with gratitude and with pride the life and the works of their a; ottle. Even so we can to day look back with gratitude and with pride on the life and works of tbe first Archbishop of Mel bourne. His oaresr will oocupv a large ppacc in the history of the Oathedrai Church ia Australia. Let the future historian desorlbe in detail that pontificate of thirty-eight years. It seems to me that the words in which Bt. Paul, tbe moat perfect model of the Christian bishop, de&oribes; his own carear, and toils ns what were his hopes when that oaveer was drawing to a close, may be most fitly applied to the Apostolic career of tbe Most Raverend James Alipins Goold, the first Arcbbisbopof Melbourne. Tbe apostleforthe edification and guidance of the futnre bishopi uf the Catholic Church is compelled by the -pi- it of God to write regarding his ownaposto- ik career things which, in bis humility, he would hava left unwritten. In the words whioh I have cited yon will have observed that the Apostle founds his hope of future reward on two things which distinguish his apostolic lite— fidelity and courage. " I have kept the faith," by which words he affirms, not i merely that he hM held by true docirioe and transmitted it to others, but i k«wi<» in it be ba been faithful to duty, tbe word "hi'.h" in Holy Scripture having both meanings, and that he was faithful to tho end. " I have finished my oourse." Courage, '1 have fought tbe good fight." But how had be fotght ? As a good soldier of Jeens Chiii-t. For whsn ha said to Timothy, ' L iLur as a good noidier of Jeeua Christ," he frit ronsciou that tho disciple could see io Him tha apostle, ths type of tho good soldier, t ,»! rcv i-baiy characteristic of the good (nlJisr, courage. And to what doss be look forward in the future a:i tbo fruit of fidelity and of courage? Tot Crc.anof .Tin tico— " There is laid up for ms a ii<i wu ef tosticf wbich tbe Lord the junt judge will render to ms on that day." I' ur what Hiuil ho to St, Timothy, " Labor a a rood 'Ohlirtr of Jesus Christ." We may bfl «nr the ui-cipie waa a good soldier of Jotm Cnn-t Ami w hat was the characteristic of a goo I hnrr of J.-em Christ? Courage. Ihe tpii-Tli.' ii- rouipcllsd to write these word-i r.' hi own apostolic career. He wouij , ' ,v»> juft it unwritten and the 't-i t. > l.|h !u'l> uf Molhouruo Would ho Uiu lrt t.) it upuluahlo to ht-< <. i l.t l I'. -e th.'l! how thrl Will J li.v ' >; it f',tTy applied to th k'. trn-t und r "> sun" who-e den-icH we mill : nun. I. . t" . >-k:.'h hie lifw. I purpo-f (, '.i> c/.t ui.- - t( IkuiIh of : t Ici-g «p> o,.4.-w uf v. u-1 It Will ha the d'C.y ot ',» futorc 1 is 'iiii.n of tho Crtth-J' I'huo 't of J ,1. -o oi'-- nhe in dttail the 1. 1 ! or> ut lm gleu uu-1 I ran but indi. atr !h» nuwi proiu.n' t; event-, I M'.i.-I.if" .lid th- ep.il of »h«- Jaiueu i.ix-l-t w tK horuat (f irk in the yi-kr I I / I r: r-atly yout!. feeottg hi-jjt-ff cllad to the 1 s! ' giuild state he enterwd it.-! aiicism and holy order of Kt. Aug ntiu. He kwn- throngti hi- co'-U'iatr and con!. of hhi-Iip a- ih tiK-, uud hi hia 'iat year, ha lUvoted 1 i.-u calf tulha work of ( hn-l lu AusLraaa. In Howling and othore whom God sent to hu.i m hi pawtord labour, holj>e<.1 him worthilv for some y«4rs in ths micion at Campbelltown. in N B W. Hut the venerable man, foreseeing the future progress of the eeUleineut of Fort Phillip, advised the sovereign l'omtiff to appoint aome one to the work herejt&d; the sovereign Pomtiff accesded to hia request and chose him the tiret Uiahop of Melbourne. He wm consecrated in Bydnay Bh year ago, on the 4th ol Aug net, 1848. He taaohsd Melbouiae ea the ill el Oetobet ia the earns yeas, and at once bPffan hi. tontivnk. Ibkoiwltt btm only hail'O'.OE.n priwtt. Ho ohnrjhaa vor, yat mctni. Tha OatkaUen tl tb« colony w.re bnt a f.w bankiod.. It wool. b. lnt.rsatin, to follow step by i.p th. progrsis ui onr religion hart karlng tb. is yn.re tbot bavo pn.st bat tima dons not yctmit mo to tell youin wbatysar ..Ob charab wbb fonndfid, 6wh foundation slon. laid, each conrch consecrated, and each convent formed Bnt lot ns rather t;<» ry tho whole of tho work, and from this npot on which w. are noeombled look around. If wv no back to the ytar 1848, what wm seen in thie place in wblah we are oeeentuled ? Vcetig.e of the ancient (oreet were still rven hero. The work of man had not no yet appeared in thie plaae. But whet do we ts to-day? This magnificent cathedral, which promisee to rival some of tbe ancient cathedrals of Europe, end «hich has been brought to a state of per fection in the coarse of one generation. On it has been expended np to tbe present time aboQt LI 80,000, consisting prinjipaily of tbe voluntary offerings of tbe faithful. It was the Bishop of Melbourne that oonceived tbe plan. He approved. He left it to others to carry ont the work, and that progress that has been made in tbe Cathedral that we are with onr ejM to-day ia due, first to tbe zeal of tbe Archbishop, who bleseed the plan, and then to the devotion of ths faithful, but perhaps even more still to tbe fidelity and energy of that worthy priest, who aocompanied the Arohbishop when he oame first to Mel bourne, and who still survives, end who, we pray, may survive till be sees this great work of bis lire completed The Bishop of Melbourne had courage to undertake this work, and so many other works through this dioeest. And why? Beoanse be knew bis people. He knew the strength of tt eir faith, ana although some, urged by motives of human prudence, at times warned him to be oantions, he always oonfided in that faith which he knew hie people had Inherited from their forefethere, and which he foresaw would never fell him in tbe works which be uudtr- tpvbi. end U hM pey« faled kirn, U we travel abroad from this spot, if we look io the ist, to the west and to the north ' ' nv 4 — meets Ux gaze > millions every where founded, mis sions successfully worked by zealous priests, convents where spouses of Jesus Christ plead for His people that thv may be led to ths knowledge and love of Htm; schools and collages some conducted by the gooe Christian Brothers others by tbe Blessed Society of Jeans, others by tbe varioni religions orders. Such are tbe objects which meet onr gaze as we travel in thoi'ht throughout the whole of Yiotoria. And all (his is tho frail of the zeal, of the piety, and of the energy of tbe Bishop end the Arohbishop of Melbourne. We know what wm his life. We know tbe piety by which he wm distinguished. When wa read of the manner in whioh he passed his days, we are reminded of what we read of tbe livss of ths taints. The early portion of each day wm de- votod to prayer and devotion, and to 'the offer ing of tbe Holy Becriiioo, whioh he never failed to offer np unless bis ailments prevented him from offering It. He wm accessible to bis people. He wm si ways ready to hear those who presented tbemvrlves to him, and who had need of his counsel and of consolation from him. He was always accessible to his priests in their trials aud difficulties. He was assiduons in the oon- fessiocaL We know how many years he visited the chmch of 8L Francis eaob evening in the week in order that penitents might have recourse to him; and if of later years his visits were not so frequent on account of his ailments, yes, at feast occe a week, be wm thvre to pour consolation into the heart of the afflicted penitents, and toad them to heaven. He wm in the oonfesaional in that church only five days before his death. We know his zeal in those missions In which he took part. It wm my privilege to frequently accompany him in thooe missions, and I can call to mind those fervent words which he loved to use. He loved to speak in the simplest language and despised those ornaments of speech which others adopted so much and liked to speak in words like those which Jesas Christ spoke when here upon earth. He avoided rhetoric, his chief desire bring to peak in words simple and easily noderstood. It wm once my privilege to take part with him in tbe mission to the inmates of the Pentridge Stockade, and when he addressed himself to those wbo nffsred ia that place he showed how full he waaof tbo Spirit of Jeens Christ. He at ence wrapped the position in which they were. The Holy Ghost teemed to inspire him in;. I words most appropriate, and the result was that floods of tears gushed forth at those tender words which he spoke. He inteiadtd to pay another visit to the Stockade in the 1-st week of bis life, and signified his dssire to be there on the 10th and 11th Jane to address the inmates, ana heir them Inconfeision; butM yen know on one of those days he was himself called to his reward. We find that the words of tbe Apostle when be saye, " I fought the good fight," are likewise most applicable to the character of tbe late Archbishop. At the present day in this nine teenth century that spirit which the Apos;le indicates in these words, is necessary for every pastor. At the present day there is opposition between the spirit of the world and the spirit of tbs Cross, as hM beta so in every age. That opposition wm mani fest in the early ages persecution of the chorcb. Tbe spirit of ths world iu those early days endeavored to smother the Christian faith to the blood of bsr children. Such ages of persecution arise from time to time fn all parts of the world and in this nineteenth century the spirit does not adopt these moans for the destruction of tbe Christian faiib, bnt uses other means perhaps more effectual. At the present day the spirit of t hs world calls itself by various names. In this ; country it ordinarily describes itself " Secular ism." At the present tima the war going on i between Secularism and Christianity. From tbe beginning of that atrnggto, the Arch bishop of Melbourne manifested his zeal and courage. We can recall the strong words in which he condemned the system. They were strong words, indeed, but tot us understand what the position of a Catholio Bishop in society. He sets by the light of God, and seee what is the tendency of secularism, wbich ware against the Catholic Church in ou days. He sees it must necessarily be in futnre time the can?e ot Anarchy'and of Socialism and tho doetrnotion of society. Wa see proof of this in the history of the pMt ; in the French revolution of the last centnry, when those monsters who took part in that revolution had received no religious education in their youth. We sea the effecte of Soolalism in that attempted revolution in America during the last few months, and also in Belgium. Ws sea these evil arise wherever the Christian religion is neglected and derplsed. Is not this tbe natnral outcome of eecnlarism ? Sufferings must take plaoe in this world. There most be | depression from time to time, and periods of poverty and suffering, and If those olaess which enffer whsn periods of depression oome have not religion, they look on thoMin authority m tyrants. Having no religion and no faith they do not regard those in authority. No, for they bavo no faith, they koow not God, They look on all in authority m tyrants, and we see that secularism .must neeessarily bring anarchy and distraction on eoototy. The Ctholio Bishop knows this ; he feels his responsibility, and knows he most give an account of toe souls of those committed to bis care. If it were possible to tnppose bfm faithless to doty, if we could suppose him neglecting hli duty he is tod by the sacred words of scripture to expect bs shall meet such a pastor afttr lif as tbe bear robbed of its whelps. The Catholio Biabop knows these words, and understands his responsibilities. He wars against the secu lar system, and shows toe con- rage of which 8L Pool speaks. He feared not to present himself to the Governor to restore peace. Hs rejected an offtr that was male to him for his s«fety, and he faced the danger that beset him without fsar. The courage he manifested on that occasion he hae also shown whenever the Holy Catholic religion bas been assailed In tbe colony, lie loved his Hook. Above all, he loved the little children of bis flock, and itl'hough all his Hock owe a deep debt of uraiiunlu iu l.iw, ifio Utile children of hU fiock aro ati U more iadebtad to him, He looked ipuu U'U liuls children as a sacred trnst uivou io him by Jeens Christ. I might cr.e vol hum events in his life of the luvti h.i hi. or the children, and of thezeal he luriinichted for their salvation. Once, when he ".at lo a coi rotation, he was travelling on a luiiirii and tedious road, and met! some person w ho acre leading a few of the children to tho i iitirch. The Archbishop took the children in In- arriagi, and thns helped th.-ui ui'.iin h. Arc wo not reminded by thin an.l iil liar acta of Ki ol the Ufo of Jo-.u Clltl.-t, u » o >ui i, " Suffer little children to < cm mi .<> !r, ah forbid tbcm not : for of Mich i- tho k n'.'duui of Jii'ttven." Jio wat nti the d«ej"5St charity. W- it j uw that h id he d.-iru he .„rv. I, .»v ac.-,nii,Ul»d in.- mine vxi.hih, -u -reft! u: d r,ei:»-rous were th u hr.i; ' ' h." i-opl.. Ho' tho .vea'.th ho -"V:.!. !.(vti had lie- dicwppoftt' h Ihe urloiuma v f hli An hh-.rl.i q. ' 1 lii HIT.— e.i .Ul e.ety liu,, %n.i nany >»< J woik x, v.!.i h he tiiuk pal: ;,ri te.iy to the >.< - HtiuCHianru of U at wcahh w hicti » u. viq l.i I in by a gcj,.->( u- peo; '« W;-en th-- iart it is e u! his !t'f lu'ue f- -h -( that he 1111 nihil u.tl. i'u ,iuii ccinruim and chante' lo uri' Who a:e tu i ii i it- 1 ii Ihr.t ... It.uu of th nealih that remain- of l.lu. l.t.. t»ic>u "elah.lHUtm-.oq'bteiiM anil tkc p jor. 'I o thr o hae keen given every thing, vi'-h '.he tic, pi-nn of a fu l: ' i . : tar-t gUt.d. !h'.I'1-W»| thfl atUC- UiPLt !.»: had ! Oi these amongst rthumhewu O'ttcfd, ami mh -rtn- that love f ui hi-' people which characterised tu hf. Carimlice of \ mtoria. t-atholic of tb« Arch tliucfse of Meit>ournn, of , tho diooecu uf Seed hunt, urd of the aiooeeeof Ualiaral wbornbeeo long governed, you have loel a worthy pastor. The ajioeUe Ht Faul, after havtnir spoken of tbe onureaa an( ot lbs USitf vtiiak twM Ua wsepwrnS, eiwr,loil formift with oon- Maaaa to th, Intmra. for tb. rest h. tbm I, InM np for b, a crown of juaUaa. Ul barn WS not reason to sappooo that tbo ssms worOs arc verified in tbn Arebb'shop of linlboarns. Bncbalilsii InCcC worthy of n crown. Wa OonBfentli bops that hsba.alranly reoslra, that crown. Still iat na prop far him, far tbe jastica of Go, fs naoroaa, an< tbo rsspooaibilitlsa of an Arcbbuhop are great inbcoJ. Lat u«, thsre fore, prep for him, bat whilst wo prap for him 1st os oot forp>t ths Isreono of hia life. Hia whole lifa toachea n. to lore tbo flatbolio faith. Let ns esteem that Catholic fiito mors, an, let ns continue th. tUmpgle on t.blch ws entered during hie Episcopate. Tii. "-.trnggl. i, not jot at mi end. We ' an hopeful, as waa tbo lata Archbishop, that tho struggle must on. day oomo to an end. 3ce what took place In Ireland la tha early yaais of thlo csntarv. Recall to mind tbn gtaai strangle of Catholics to gain emanalpntion. How often were the, dlsappoirtsd ? Howoftsn nore they defeated f How ofts wore they not told that what they niked could never bs granted— th.t it was against tha fundamental principles of too constitution ? Yet bow soon the triumph came I How soon those choice ware broken, which It won foretold would novor bo broken. Sean straggle again In more recent times— tbn frugal. with tho State In Gtrmanjr. That great Empire waa leagued ngairst ths Catholio Chnrcb, and laws w.n past ad directed againit it and Its work. Ws know how tho bishops of Germaoy acted doling that straggle. Ws can recall their courage. Tbey bora im- prisoDurnt, Ifinso, exile, everything rather than sacrifice tho fslth. They persevered hravely, looking forvnrd to'thegood time which God has prepared for His saints, and that good time hu com . Wo are told that the struggle bvtwsan Church and Stats In Germany n ""'I 'hat even the oconpantof the Throne does hoasgs to the Vicar of Jrsas ChiiBt. Let na march oo ia confidanco, follow- log th. vxampla of the good ArchhfHop, ond Inheriting tho .pirlt of courage whioh bo boo tho fight In . gftich w» tnuit bo ongtgea. Wo are collaa upon j feo bo faithful, friinfol to tha tad; » 1 ?ft" bU 5. KU01 CliolK worthy oblldtsh of tha Holy Catholio Church. Aod toaa we may hopa that for us too thsre may ba a Crown of Jnstica which God, tha joat Jadga, will render likewise to us. This concluded tha panegyric, and tha sirvics ihortly after wards conoludsd. 