CoNriEKVATiVE Journalism is wasing; en thusiastic over the discovery that there is a great deal of unassuming domestic virtue in France, nml that it sometimes takes the form of devoted loyalty to em ployers. "The average Englishman," we are told, "looks upon Jean Crapaud as a " libidinous atheist," who " combines " tho morals of a libertine with the "manners of a dancing master, and " is subject, to periodical fits of " insanity, under the influence of which " he overthrows the Government for the " time being, niul behaves like a raving " maniac generally." Let ns briefly vin dicate our countrymen. The average Englislnnau is not such a born fool as to draw up a bill of indictment against a great nation. The - misconceptions our : contemporary speaks of nud mixes up with Or. Johnson's epigram on Lord Chesterfield were delusions propagated by the Conservative Tress in England at the time of the great war. and they have been partly revived by the Con-er- vtitivo Press in Victoria when it was an object to discredit the plebiscite. \\\; one, however, dreamt of believing them, except it may be the curious r.;. pronoh that the French people now and again upset, a discredited Government — as the people of Victoria are not unlikely Io do iu six weeks' tune. Anyone whu knows anything about France knows that 11s family life is singularly respectable, and that French servants attach them selves very readily to good employers. It may be n good thing that instances ot fidelity nnd heroism should be recorded fiom 1 11110 to tunc ; nud as long as Franco struggles on without n compre hensive poor law or compulsory insurance an institution like the iUonthyou Prize Fund, for rewarding modest virtue bv doles of nionev, has its def&uitbte; side. Most Englishmen, however, who read the record of tlie cases which our contem porary picks out for laudation will be in clined to thank God that the sacrifices demanded are impossible among our- selves. Take, for instance, the case ot Jeanne Pngnon, who gets £60 because shu 1 adopted tho parents of her dead lover, . tilled their ground for them, and went out i washing to support them at tonpenco a :day.; Jt is surely very lamentable that a woman should hate to till the ground, or to work at monstrously inadequate wages, in order to save people she is attached to from starvation. Pose Tontain, who has lived 47 years in a single family, nud who has supported two lunatin sist ers and the nine children of a widowed niece, is certainly a very estimable cha racter, but the persistent manner in which _ attention is drawn iu this and other cases to service with a single family leads ono to suspect that liie distributors nf the prize have an 'eye to encouraging tho useful virtue of immo bility in a class that might often better itself by change. Pose Tontain, having such claims upon her, was clearly bound to dispose of her toil to tho best possible advantage, and the fact that she never changed her place is only creditable if this was the most profitable thing she could do for herself. Anyone who wanders nmong-tho English agricultural poor may find hero and there a cottago the walls of which are more or less covered with cer tificates that Jolin Hodgo has received a pair of leather breeches for working thirty years for the same master or at an inade- quate wage, or tor not having been drunk or a poacher during that time, or for Imv. ing kept a good garden. The English em ployer finds it very much cheaper to sub scribe to a society that Hpeuds £200 or £300 a year in stimulating laborers to be content with their position in life, than to pny fair , wages, build proper cottages or let the land at a reasonable rate. He Iuib lived on for years, cradling himself with the notion that Jolin I lodge had no higher wish than to earn the blue ribbon of Ids class for underpaid drudgery, and believing that tho . favorite liymu of village children is that which ask3 God to " bless the squire " and his relations, And keep us in oun " proper stations." Suddenly the agricul tural laborer has been armed with a vote, and he trudges to the poll everywhere, and records it against Conservatism and his employer. How many, we wonder, of tho recipients of the Monthyon prize believe this to be the best of all possibJo'v&tflds;, in which the virtue of a life time is, recom pensed from a public platform with a cheque fyr.it 20. . However, if. the prize system is found to bo good for. one class of society there seems no reason .why it should not be ex tended to all. There would be. an obvious propriety, in offering prizes to virtuous employers, whose hands never leave thoia exoept on, compulsion, and who can show that they have- never reduced wages or tried to lengthen, tho . hours of . .work. Perhaps the : present trouble with, the shipowners .might have.. been averted if there was a yearly ceremony iu tlie Trades Hall, at which the most meritorious payer of wages was presented, not indeed with leather breeches, but. with an evening dross suit or a gold medal. If it is virtuous in a hand not to cari-y his labor to tlio best market, but to let sentimental considera tions weigh with him in the choice of a situation, it must be meritorious in an employer to stimulate this feeling in all who coine near him. Then again, tlie .Mou- thyon prize is given to young women who, being pretty and poor,- and thereforo liable to temptation, liavo kept ' their characters -without , stain. If thero is ' no want of delicacy in rowardingthis virtue from a public, platform, there can bo no reason why oiu- young men, when they arc good looking ami rich, andtherefore possible seducers, should not be rewarded for the white flower of a blame less life by being publicly decorated with a white cross, beyond' which we will not assume that they would desire anything. Then tliero aro men who havo surmounted other temptations. We havo a political organisation in our midst which rewards tho gentleman who has offered bribes with a seat ou the judicial bench ; and it is all the more necessary that those who can show at 60 years of age (or would 70 bo safer?) tbat they have neither offered nor taken money improperly should get at least a certificate of merit, which might even be handsomely framed. It will be observed that all those peculiar cases of desert are cases, where private acknowledgment may appropriately find a place, as the Crown does not recogni?e them. The Crown is really the fountain of honor, and it has rewards ranging from a simple ribbon to a Dukedom for dis tinction in arms, distinction in the Civil Service, distinction in commerce nnd manufactures, or distinction in science, literature or art-. . There aro somo who object to these rewards, as stimulating to showy performance rather than to solid work, aiid bccnuso the men who do their duty simply nud- without hope of recompense seem to inany of us tho best citizens. As, however, it is tole rably certain that the Crown is better served on the whole for having some honors to give away, it can -hardly be sup posed that the system will bo changed iu our time. Meanwhile, the founders of a Civilian Order of Merit among the wealthy classes will he able to congratulate them selves that they havo opened up a new province for emulation, and that they me redeeming society from the discredit— which we think attaches to the Mouthyoa prize and to English Agricultural Societies — of treating virtue as if it only needed to be encouraged among the poor, and as if the rich did not require to practise it, or wero already immaculate. Certainly a prize-.day for distributing medals, certifi cates' and rewards to the just employer, the blameless youug man ot' property »ui he 'fiservnflve trillion' jmlilii'ol repro elt ' woitM i!r. v. almost ;t; i.Ug-.ly an thu .Mel bourne (.'up. rf r. — V.'llFN ft O'lwrvhlivi' wishes to show liis 'i'i.f any hurish:,1 inn inn Very etmihuiii' j t . .'Ii'iiuln it, ' pxpcrimeiitnl." r.xi'Ori- j ntiil in wltul- ll'it'jmr oai's a if"0'l j lUiintliU'iliirig wnr.i, ami i-mnrs an t.r.'ir tn j wiivinu1 an the w;,.-!tivp car.. of the party i will t- il.:rr.! e, v.ht-ti th".-:e oair.ar" eh >m,',u toil j tn receive it. It. i ; jr-nci'allv used, an j O'Connvll uscil tlic (itij ifol irious ''Ilypo- tlienuso " in liis fitninu.i contest with the fish- wife, when all chit r methods nf clos ing:! controversy have been exhausted : ami no good Conservative resists its rootliiiiR influence for a moment. The sreat appre hension t hat disturbs his peace of mind at present is. to repeat Ids own Jnntriutgc of Thursday last, that Victoria will henotne "an experimental colony" for tho benefit of tho rest of the group. This docs not mean yyxt it literally implies, that we are mahir>.»ny novel experiments in coloni sation, but that we are converting the colony into a sort of trial- ground for the testing of theories that have not been tried elsewhere. Laws for assisting the Early Closing of Shops movement, or for the better administration of the Liquor trnliie are included in this category along, wo may suppose, with Mr. Service's fancy-scheme for creating A. B. C. electorates, which the last Parliament very properly consigned to the lumber room Of aborted projects for the reconstruction of politics on Conservative principles. That in the face of such a scheme any .Con servative should affect to find fault with local option on the ground that it is ex perimental legislation is surely worthy of the most impudent man alive. Mr. Ser vice himself might very fairly remind his critical friends that, no one has Keen more ready to dabble in experiments than them selves, as their persistent attempts to write up the Representation of Minorities into practical politics during each recurring silly season will always bear witness. The . liquor question is now happily disposed of for some lime to come, but wo should like to know in what sense the authors of its settlement can be accused of being ex perimentalists. There is nothing now in local option. The principle is in operation already, and so is tho principle of com pensation for public purposes. It is true that we have substituted special licensing officers for the old effete and worthless Benches, and that wo are going to make the public houses close their doors at half-past eleven o'clock on week days instead of twelve, and the whole of .Sunday. _ But similar enactments are in force in England and in various English dependencies; and how, then, can it be said that by adopting them we are making Vic toria "an experimental colony V" The truth of the matter is that when Ave adopted them we were simply bringing up our backward legislation to the point of reformation at which some more progres sive communities had already arrived. We are adapting existing principles to new .machinery, and nothing more. Sir Anthony Absolnte declaiming against tyranny, or Sir Peter Teazle against a teasing temper, is not a more paradoxical figure than your advocate of minority representation and other nostrums of tho. same kind protest ing with his hand on his heart against such dangerous and extravagant novelties as were sanctioned by the Legislature last session. 0 Why any odium should be at tached ("'Lvel legislation at all is difficult to see, because tho oldest law on the Statute Book was once in its experimental stage, and if no experiment is to bp tried it stands to reason there could be no im provement. The ballot, for example, would never have been heard of in Eng land, and .Mr. Pavnell and the Irish Brigade in tho IIouso of Commons would have held their own against any attempt to'int, reduce that, pestilent innovation the cloture. It is really curious is tins inability to follow' find foresee the consequences of their own reasoning, which seems to bo an inalienable defect of the Conservative mind ; and we havo no doubt it is this characteristic which has assisted to earn them the unflattering .«« briquet of the Stupid Party. That they should think to frighten sensible folk with the bogie that lias sucli a terror for themselves leaves 110 room to question the sincerity and vigor of their own belief, indeed ; but it is a sad commentary upon their lack of resource and wordly wisdom. They ought to be satisfied by this time that the Liberals of Victoria aro not to bo persuaded into sharing their fears, and that, as a piece of stage property, the spectre of Experimental Legislation has long ago lost its effect. It was rendered obsolcfc when tho success of Protection exposed tho hollow nature of the senrenrow, and to put it on the boards again only shows the beggarly condition of the theatrical ward robe. We shall continue to experiment in spite of the Conservatives as long as there is a single grievance i'or society to redress, and whenever science discloses some new and approved method of re dressing it most effectually. So far as the next Parliament is con cerned, there is every promise that no very startling innovation will be brought forward by anybody. The Woman's Protection Bill may possibly be hoard of again, but as it will be very little more than a rescript of the Bill which passed the English Houses last session it can scarcely be sconted as an outrago upon cherished Conservative prejudices. The lk-cr tax is an old' familiar friend, whom Ave parted company Avitli but the other day, and cannot be suspected of covering revolutionary designs. Tho Absentee tax wo knoAV has a hateful sound in cer tain quarters; but as it is in force in New Zealand, and litis just been recommended for public notice in New South Wales, lite terrible charge of making Victoria an ex perimental colony for the benefit of its neighbors falls to the ground, on this score at any rate. Mr. Harper, it- is true, threatens us aa'ith an alteration of tho Education Act : but he stands almost by himself, and the alteration he appears to desire is in the direction of tho Canadian ruodel ; and hoArover uttAvise and inexpedi ent it may be to make it, there Avill bo noth ing experimental about, it should it be made. Requicscat in pace. Tiie Conserva tive pgrc is dead and bnried, therefore, and'1 tor the present let it rest in peace. Habits of mind soon leave their impression upon the face, and Aviiat sort of Assembly will it lie if every Conservative who is confronted aa'ith a new Idea is to look as if lie had seen a Ghost? Mark Tupley said ho Avas forced to leave the llragon " in consequence of a Avant. of jollity, " sir ! " and Ave suppose that even the Treasury Benches would not reconcile Mr W. Collard Suiifn to the gloom of the situation. 