SALVATION ARM!'. A DEMONHTHATION under the auspices of this body took place in the Protestant Hall last evening, on the occasion of the presentation of the army colours to the Queensland contingent by "Commissioner" Howard, of Melbourne. A tea- meeting first took place, the hall being crowded, after which the tables were cleared and a public meeting was held. The platform was occupied by about 130 members of the Salvation Army, and " Commissioner Howard was in the chair. After devotional exercises, the CHAIRMAN I gave an interesting speech on the growth of the army, both in England and abroad. They would, he said, soon be celebrating its twenty first anniversary in England, For the first few years the work was conducted on very ordinary lines ; but nine years ago saw a great change in its name, in its government, and in many of the plans and methods of work, and it had now grown from an apparently insignificant organisation to the mighty power which they now read of. When he joined the army, not many years ago, we could read its numbers on a small slip of paper. They showed 26 stations in various towns in England, with 30 officers. The work had rolled on, and now they had no less than 1300 stations, with 3000 officers. When he first joined the work was confined generally to the old country. Now they were in the United States, Canada, California, Franco, Switzerland, Sweden, and South Africa, and now at this end of the world they were largely represented. Four years ago they had in all the Australasian colonies only two stations, with something like three or four officers. But when "Major" Markwell and others came out with authority to extend the work it was carried out in South Australia, Victoria, New Zealand, Tasmania, New South Wales, and Queensland. In August last year they had in Australasia 97 stations, and 220 officers. That was nearly eighteen months ago, and since then the work had grown, and the numbers had almost doubled. To-day they had no less than 180 stations and 340 officers fully engaged in the work, besides something like 200 outposts, or stations not in charge of paid officers, and this was the result of only four years' labour. Several hymns were then sung, followed by a series of " experiences," after which " Com- missioner" Howard presented the colours to .' Captain " Neale and "Lieutenant " Jackman, on behalf of No. 1 Company, whose headquarters are in Adelaide-street. The " Com- missioner," in presenting the colours, addressed an earnest exhortation to the officers to carry the colours through all the by-ways and streets of the city, and with all earnestness to endeavour to reclaim dinners, and bring them into the ranks of the army, both by precept and by the example of their lives. In accept- ing the colours, the "officers" mentioned avowed their determination to faithfully discharge their duty to the best of their ability. The "Commissioner" then presented colours to " Captain" Rule and " Cadet" Reid on behalf of No. 2 Company, whose headquarters are in Fortitude Valley, and in doing so made a similar exhortation, to which the " officers" replied. The colours presented to both companies are alike. The flags are of red, blue, and yellow, the red being emblematic of the blood of Christ, the blue signifying purity, and the yellow the purifying fire of the Holy Ghost. " Staff officer" Hendy, honorary secretary to " Commissioner " Howard, gave a highly interesting account of his experience principally in connection with rescue work. On Thursday the Commis- stoner" and his staff will proceed to Ipswich or the purpose of presenting the colours to the company in Ipswich, in the School of Arts of that town. The proceedings will be made the occasion of a special demonstration by the army. On Friday the " Commissioner" sails for Maryborough to present the colours to the array in that town. The proceedings terminated with devotional exercises. 