ADULTERATION OF FOOD AND DRINK. [Sydney Telegraph.) [BY A VICTIM.] THE question of the adulteration of one's food and drink is not a savoury subject. A man, as a rule, hates to be too inquisitive as to whether he is actually eating and drink- ing what he believes himself to be. He administers certain things in good faith to his stomach, but does not think it wise or safe to ascertain what their component parts are. At the same time he has a pretty good idea that he is being fooled, and is practising a little innocent deceit upon his stomach. LTe argues that, as his pocket has borne its share of the burden, his stomach must be content to do the same. Occasionally that much-abused organ rebels, but to little purpose. " A peck of dirt has been assigned, by tradition as an ordinary mortals portion during his lifetime. But, when tin's " peek" comes to be indefinitely increased and the consumption may be calculated in bushels, the thinking citizen cries a halt. He feels that he must draw the line somewhere, if only as a matter of principle. He does not object to doing his " whack" if so ordained by nature in the matter of eating his share of dirt any more than in paying his quota towards the revenue of the country. In both cases he is doubtless prompted by the same patriotic merino. But, as discovery after discovery only brings out the each more horrible revela- tions, he considers that it is perhaps time to sink the question of his duty as a good citizen and seriously ponder whether or no he does not owe a greater debt to his constitution. Thenceforth he probably comes to the conclusion that he has no right to be made a general dust hole. Scum, sweepings, refuse, filth of all kinds, he is able to purchase in the proper quarter, should the cravings of a morbid appetite suddenly lie in the direction of such diet. But, as an honest householder, paying good honest coin of the realm for what he says, he decides that henceforth he will, if possible, get only an honest article. But he finds it an infinitely harder job than he bargained for. Some houses there are unfortunately, however, but very few whose pride it is to sell only the genuine thing. Anything that, for one moment could be suspected of being adulterated they will have nothing to do with. But, sad to tell these are in a woeful minority. It may be broadly asserted Hutt ninety- nine out of every 100 consumers are supplied with household necessaries in the shape of food and drink that are adulterated beyond what ought for one moment to be tolerated. The excuse advanced by the dealers in these goods is that, in the first place, most of the ingredients used in food adulteration are harmless, or at least comparatively so and in the next place, that all through Sydney especially, the cry is so essentially one for cheap goods that it is impossible to supply the real thing for the prices that the public are willing to pay. As to the first excuse, it is neither here nor there. Whether the adulterants used are harmless or not is in one respect of little moment. True, it affords a certain amount of grim satisfaction to be assured that, at least, one is not being poisoned outright. But that is not the real issue. The question is whether, if a person asks and pays for a certain genuine article, he has not a perfect legal right to get it. Undoubtedly he has and if there is amongst certain classes a demand for the adulterated article at a certain price the remaining portion of the con- suming public are not called upon to suffer either in pocket or stomach. No doubt, there is a show of reason in the other excuse, that the cry for cheapness prohibits the sale of the genuine article at the price proffered. But in that case it should be clearly understood on all sides that what is being bought is not what it is represented to be, but a mixture containing only a certain proportion. In some few of the articles, which a little further on I propose to analyse in this connection as being some of the most glaring instances of wholesale adulteration, it is open to question, if they were labelled and offered for sale via adulterated goods, whether the public would be is eager to purchase them. as. " < In most instances, the unsophisticated consumer trusts to the tender mercies of the dealer and really imagines he is purchasing what he asks for. A common rejoinder by wrongdoers in this matter is that every trade is tarred with the saide brush. The retailer of so-called coffee, or tea, or brandy, laments that it is his only chance to get even with those people who in their turn have victimised him. He says if he wants a coat it takes him all his time to prevent himself being taken with a shoddy substitute. It does not matter what it is, he argues, that he is called on to buy, but he finds the same custom prevailing everywhere. It is, in fact, an age of universal deception. While admitting that there is a grain of truth in the statement, the cases, meantime, are not parallel. In almost every civilised country under the sun a paternal Government looks out that its valuable citizens shall not be indiscriminately poisoned. A man may purchase 100 shoddy coats, but outside of his temper his pocket is the only loser. In the case of adulterated food and drink, the stomach suffers as well. Diseases are engendered and fostered, and a widespread danger threatens the State. Sanitary laws come to the rescue, and enact that such things shall not be. It is a matter of grave importance far beyond what people are apt to think that the present or some health bill should be passed and be rigidly enforced. A merchant's scales are subjected to periodical inspection ; but as to what is sold in those scales the Government, here at least, have thus far been indifferent to. A stranger is unable to procure a bottle of poison without medical or other certificate from a chemist ; but the law quietly winks at the mixing and vending of the vilest, deadliest compounds, known to the uninitiated as "intoxicating spirits," which contains infinitely more noisome poisons than those forbidden to be dispensed by law. The startling disclosures which, from time to time, a burst of well directed zeal on the part of the civic authorities unearths for the delectation of themilk-consumingpublic, have been sufficiently enlarged on without meeting further comment. Suffice, to say that if Here again the apathy of those most con- ' cerned is appalling. That the pump has always been a valuable ally of the city milkman is known to everyone. At the same time, it has always been supposed that at least the added water is moderately pure. But when the fact is elicited that the so-called water is nothing but graveyard drainings and essence of cesspit combined, and that these revolting discoveries are not made in isolated cases but are popularly believed to be the normal condition of the larger proportion of Sydney and suburban dairies, the interests of the people clamour for something more vigorous than a spasmodic and partial investigation. When typhoid fever and other pestilences have had fallen swing than at present, in all probability something more drastic may be looked for. Regarding the adulteration of one's daily food and drink, the case has only been viewed from a consumer's point. But it should be borne in mind that the extent to which the custom of adulteration now prevails is also materially handicapping the honest trader. So that while the unsuspecting citizen is introducing into his system all sorts of noxious matter, his chance of helping himself to a remedy grows beautifully less. For known houses of established repute admit candidly that as things are at present they have not the ghost of a chance in the race for business unless they, too, conform to the habits of the majority. Where, consequently, before adulteration was as universal as it is at present, they had no dealings in adulterated goods, to save themselves they, too, are now forced to follow in the wake of their neighbours. As an honest citizen, this state of things has induced me to go on a voyage of discovery. Diogenes like, I armed myself with my trusty lantern and sallied forth to find, if possible, an honest dealer ! And, truth to tell, I succeeded, i But it must be owned that on this question of adulteration they could be counted only too easily. Ever and anon, generally at the commencement of the new tea season, a cry goes up about the adulteration of tea. An importer, probably possessed of some better grades which at a necessarily higher price fail to " go off " as rapidly as he wishes, forthwith announces that one half the stuff consumed is rank rubbish, totally unfit for human food. The rule of other colonies is instanced, where the Collector of Customs, acting under the advice of an expert, is empowered to seize and condemn whatever he considers adulterated tea. But why this power should be vested in the Customs and confined to tea, it is hard to see. Why all other articles of daily consumption that are known to be equally and generally much more adulterated should be allowed to go scot free, and only notice taken of tea, is beyond an ordinary mortal ken. Men who have spent long years in China, who are familiar with every trick that John China- man in the depths of his wily soul is believed capable of in the handling of tea, assert that adulteration in common teas is practically unknown. The chief items of the cost of tea in China are the picking, firing, packing, freight, etc, which in the matter of willow leaves and other abominations would come to as much money as the genuine article. May be so. At the same time there is not wanting conclusive evidence that any quantity of cheap, adulterated tea is yearly put on this market. Samples have been condemned again and again by the inspector in Melbourne, and as soon as condemned sent on here and sold. Statistics were recently published in Brisbane showing the quantities of tea condemned there lately, and the amount wits uncomfortably suggestive. On the other hand, these savants who deny in the face of all this that it pays to adulterate common teas admit that such a custom is certainly practised with the better class, notably with scented teas. This is a decidedly refreshing piece of information. People who like a good thing, and are willing and able to pay for it, have always been under the impression that the question of the adulteration of food did not in the abstract concern them at all. Such things, they thought, belonged exclusively to the poorer " classes," and while they pitied, at the same time considered it but a natural consequence of buying " cheap." " Cheap" and " nasty" are generally accepted as synonymous terms, but not with invariable consistency. The scented and higher grade teas for which con- noisseurs pay their fancy prices are known to be charged with steel things, soil, and a host of other impurities. A seizure made in Melbourne the other day of this class of teams revealed the presence of cedar and cane shavings and other things, with but a very small sprinkling of the scented flower. The Tea Guild in China themselves, in sending warning throughout the country as to the falling off in their tea trade, gravely suggest the discontinuance of the-use-of willow leaves ! Coffee is, perhaps, as widely adulterated here as anything that comes into daily requisition. A slight mixture of chicory is in these days hardly viewed as an adulteration, a large number preferring just a slight presence of it. But even then all ground coffee should, if mixed with chicory, be distinctly labelled as such. As it is, you may buy tin after the of what is called pure coffee and sold as such ; you may even ask for it fresh from the grocer's mill without the suspicions adjunct; of a tin at all, and yet find it mighty difficult to escape from a large percentage of adulteration. The remedy of course lies in buying the roasted bean and having it ground at home. But that can never justify selling coffee as pure when specially asked and paid for, when after all it turns out to | to be nothing but a mixture. Again, if chicory is in some respects a more pardonable adulteration, what can be said of others which, it stands to reason, must be added solely to increase weight in a word, to cheat the purchaser ? Horse beans may be excellent food in their way. No doubt they are-for cattle possibly. But it does not follow that every consumer has yet acquired the taste of preferring leans to coffee berry. Bakers, it is well known, find a ready market for the "raspings" off their burnt loaves to those dealers who make a specialty of prepared coffee." They are ground up with the beau and assimilate pretty well in colour, the consequence being that a cup of coffee prepared from these mixtures is innocent of the first approach to the real thing. The new added duty on chicory will go a long way towards levying a contribution on such and other outside adulterants. With a double price, the "manufacturers" will be driven to other expedients, and, though chicory is, in all conscience, bad enough if one wants pure coffee, yet the devil you do know is better than the devil that you don't know. Some labels, it is true, set forth the fact that the mixture does contain chicory ; but, though analysis hits revealed the beans, loaf sent pings,, and other ingredients, curiously enough I never in my researches came across a label announcing the fact. The price at which it is possible to buy so-called coffee should surely convince the most sceptical of coffee drinkers. Say a wholesale parcel of five to ten tons of green berry costs 7d. in bond, add 3d. as net cost of duty, allow 29d. for loss in weight in roast- ing and grinding, give Id. as cost of roast f ing and grinding, and the cost of pure ground coffee is brought up to Is. 11d, to 1s. 2d. per lb. in wholesale quantities net cash And yet there are specimens in any quail- I y tity offering at 10d. per lb., with the I i- [ additional increased cost of tins and labels, p and a discount of 25 per cent allowed to cash purchasers ! Pepper, again, suffers worse than coffee. People who are in the habit of looking on the pepper castor on their dinner-table may not be aware of the tons and tons at a time bought by such people as the meat companies, butchers, sauce-makers, ye, and be inclined to think that a little pepper goes such a long way that after all the matter is not worth talking about. But to those who use it in the heavy quantities described it is no small matter. Here, again, the cost is the strongest proof of the adulteration. The fair average cost of whole black pepper, again dealing with the wholesale lines, is 10d. per lb.; and 6d. for cost of grinding, loss of weight, c, and yet it is hawked about all over the city at Cd., and has been actually offered at 5d. per lb., while an up-country storekeeper is responsible for the statement that it has been offered to him at 4d. How much pepper can this mixture contain? The principal adulterant sold is rice, but when this cannot be procured sufficiently cheap sweepings of a rice ship's hold, with all the added flavour of bilge water, are all ground up together, a few clothes and cayenne put in for flavouring, and, Presto the public lifts a pepper that is warranted to defy competition. In this climate one of the chief uses of pepper is to aid digestion. Cold raw rice hardly answers this purpose, and even if it did it affords no justification. When the genuine pepper was cheaper, this evil was comparatively unknown, but the increased value has led up to this adultera- tion, and a deluded public is satisfied so long as it pays no more than the old price of, let us say Cd., without inquiring the percentage of pepper present in the mixture. Salad oil is another fruitful source of evil com- pounds. Some samples are found to contain barely one pint of pure oil in a gallon, and this even in leading brands. Some, it is said, contain none at all. Absolutely pure salad oil is, in fact, in Sydney, almost unsaleable. In this case the chief adulterants are cot- ton-seed and nut oil, whether Brazilian or others that will yield oil. The great objection to this method is that, his householders must know to their cost, though they are unable to fathom the cause, a very short exposure to the air turns it completely rancid Acetic acid is more often made to do duty for vinegar than innocent folk possibly wot of. In cocoa and chocolate, sad to say, similar adulteration is carried on. Arrowroot or farms are the chief ingredients, and though delightfully innocent of harm can- not by any stretch of imagination, be con- strued into pure cocoa. While this pure cocoa costs about 3s. 6d. in bond, for wholesale quantities, it can be bought here in Sydney at 1s. 2d. to 4s. 3d., also at in bond price. Especially in chocolate, pastes and cakes, does this habit prevail, and in the manufacture of these the locust bean finds a ready place. As to sauces, the so-called Chutneys, sold as Indian, it is to be feared, are a sad conglomeration of nastiness. Rotten apples, peaches, pineapples, faulty dried fruits, such as apricots, were all pressed into the service, a little garlic or vinegar is added, and the sauce is ready. For other makes, decomposed horses' and bullocks' liver, boiled down with spices, but still full of unwholesome impurities, are used to no small extent. To illustrate this fact again by the test of cost, it may be mentioned that sauces size every day offered to retailers at 4s 9d. per dozen. When the bottles and labels and cost of manufacture are considered-not for- getting the "saucepan is obvious that no high-priced condiments can exist to any quantity, if at all. Very little of the natural ingredient is to be found in the general run of curry powders. Manufacturers aver that the public taste is perverted, and that, if it Wits offered them, people could not be coaxed into trying the genuine stuff. This, however, cannot be the case, as real Indian curries, when offered, sell with great freedom. In these sorts alluded to, maize-meal and ground rice form the chief component parts. Innocent, again, it may be said, are these ingredients. Granted. But they are not curry powder, and have no right to be sold as such, while, as for the sauces, I, for one, must confess that I have no " hankering" after putrid livers, even if decently got up and labelled sauces ! As every consumer knows, of course, the great danger in buying pickles, irrespective of makers, is the use of acetic acid in the place of vinegar. Crosse and Blackwell's and other well-known names are so far removed from suspicion that the public have no excuse for going wrong, and with the cessation of the demand for the low-priced abominations,thesupply wouldsoonbe forced to stop. As it is, the falling-off at the present time is most marked in the matter of the non-poisonous brands and those that can be depended on. The craving for the " cheap and nasty " is more noticeable almost in this line than any other of daily consumption. Oatmeal is now shown to be here largely composed of pollard and sharps, and though harmless enough, the purpose for which the oatmeal is used is being all the time defeated by the fact that it contains, in some cases, only a certain proportion of oatmeal at all. But while a good many of these food frauds are quietly tolerated by the long suffering, albeit a foolish, public, simply because, while they are known to be adulterated, yet the ingredients are also known to be harmless, on the other hand, there are those into the composition of which the most deleterious substances enter, and which render the articles altogether unsafe and dangerous in whatever shape it is used. Baking powders are glaring instances of this. Lime and alum in low- grade baking powders are well known to exist. The use of these kitchen ingredients is not nearly so general here as in America, where special attention has been lately paid to the subject, but they are sufficiently widely used here to call for some interference. While the ill effects of the area are to a certain extent carried off in gas by the heat of cooking, the presence of lime is dangerous to all, but to children especially. Here, again, it is possible to obtain the pure unadulterated article, but the public are not sufficiently educated or sufficiently careful to discriminate between what is wholesome and what is positively dangerous. But if poison lurks in our breakfast cup of tea or coffee or chocolate, if it is with trembling hands that we pour out a drop or so of sauce or seasoning, not knowing what effect may be produced, what shall be said of our daily glass of whisky or brandy and water? It has often occurred to me that if blue ribboners, local option enthusiasts, and the little army of cold water advocates, whose one aim seems to be to dictate to their fellow man as to whether he may or may not sip his occasional glass of toddy, would, if only for a brief season, descend from their perch and deign to be practical, more good results could be attained than from any amount of stump speeches and Domain rations. If they would undertake the good task of seeing that the varied stuffs doled out by publicans and other sinners were really the pure and unadulterated article, they would go infinitely further in removing the present curse of "drink." In nine cases out of ten it is not the quantity but the quality that kills. Many a sad scene has been wrought, many a fail home wrecked, through the wild delirium I brought on by drinking the hellish be drugged compounds, yelept gin or brandy or whatever name the mixer had thought best to affix to his handiwork And K again, not only is the consumer materially injured, but the honest vendor, be he importer or retails of sound, wholesome liquor, is, comparatively speaking, knocked out of time Le ruling brands, of course the world over ever have held and ever will hold their own In this connection, however the fact should not be lost sight of that in these days it is by no means safe to rely on brands alone More champagne, more best known makes of brandy and other liquors are annually consumed to the extent of thousands of dozens beyond what the re- puted m deer whose brand is attached had anything to do with Labels, bottles, corks capsules are all specially manuf lectured in various parts of the world to counterfeit the originals, and the bottles filled with counterfeit wines or spirits are contentedly drunk even by a goodly number of those who, pride themselves on being judges But here in Sydney, as with eatables so with liquors to an infinitely worse extent Importers confess to extreme difficulty in selling my but the very lowest class of so called mixing spirits for the ordinary public in s trade He laughs at 5s or 6s per gallon in bond for a low- class brandy, and says he can buy in certain quarters at a, pace that puts such absurd quotations in the shade It is known that a regular trade is carried on in the concoction of all sorts of villainous compounds out of flavouring essences A cask of raw, fiery spirit, a little of this or that essence, according as to whether it is the flavour of gin, he may, or what not that is sought to be produced, and, lo and behold 1 there is a ready made cask of spirits to order A difficulty that has been found to stand in the way was the giving the necessary "age' to the liquor The scorching, rasping taste of the raw spirit had to be overcome, as customers would kick against the sens lion is of a torchlight procession going down the throats But, it is said, thanks to German ingenuity that obstacle is removed, as there is now to be pi secured an "age growing tincture or assume that in some mysterious manner softens down the asperities of the hitherto red hot fluid Certainly, there is something to be thankful for in this reflection even But even in the ordinary samples of really fair draught whiskies, for example, there is a frightful amount of fuel oil preset the effects of these are practically to destroy the coats of the stomwich, besides other minor mj in yous re suits Purely if it is deemed necessary that we should be subjected to a searching test there is ample scope to extend m inspectors to spirits The case whiskies, as a rule, consumed throughout the city can be fairly depended on, but that there is a murderous lot of poison dealt out horn behind second rate bus is beyond all question While houses who pride themselves on the quality of then liquors would welcome any movement of investigation, to fat the larger number, especially country hotels, the disclosure would be most d trailing Imagine for one moment with the d lines alluded to-a mayoral and on all the whisky bars throughout Sydney, with samples taken from every place at i indoni, libelled, analysed, and the analyses to be picked up in a conspicuous place in the public b u But the m\ estig ition need not be confined to spirits alone It is to be feared that even beer is not in every case free from suspicion It is a encumst mee which carries with it some queer suggestions, that of late years while the consumption of colo man beer has gone on steadily increasing, the consumption of m iltandhopjisnot in proportion to the increased quantities brew ed Side by side with this fact, it is worthy of note that O ei man scientists are duly perfecting one or other of their ingenious scheme dis- coveries There may, of course be no connection between these two facts, but might only prove a coincidence At the same time, Geiniau circulars continue to arrive by every mail, some containing valuable hints and mysterious "tips, which may or may not be made use of There are tricks of the trade in every department of commerce, and it may be possible that some useful substitute, German or otherwise, has been hit upon, to it in some manner is made to take the place of malt and hops Be this as it any, if the public have any claim to be protected from wholesale adulteration, that relating to intoxicating liquors is, socially speaking, of the greater importance In every case the consumer is mulcted in pocket, he it food or drink, but in the latter more especially, he is being slowly but surely, and what is worse, unwillingly poisoned For my own part, the result of my investigation is, that is a rule the honest consumer has at present more to contend against than he could possibly dream of He pays honest coin and takes his chance of what he gets , whereas if he, in his turn, offered spurious money for spurious goods, he is amenable to the law By all means, if a man prefers fuel oil, let him indulge his taste If he will persist in oflenngoiily half what a thing is really worth be it in tea or anything else, it is his own feet d, and he must take the consequences. On the other hand, if he asks for and pays, the place of genuine goods he has no right to be made the victim of wholesale adultera- tion TnF gossipy London correspondent of the Sydney Telegraph, writing of the Colonial Indian Exhibition, says -"Queensland is strong in her flora ' Mr Garrick and his. commissioners have shown an independence of judgment in not employing the much favoured firm of Gillow to decorate the Queensland Court I shall some day, perhaps have occasion to analyse the marvellous success of this Oxford street firm of upholsterers, in securing almost a monopoly of the contracts for decora- tion at South Kensington, which may be very interesting reading, as in every instance I will undertake to say that their tender was the highest sent in Mr Garrick head ed by the name of Gillow, has employed Mr Haylock, who, I am informed is the Duke of West- minster's decorator, anent which I have a somewhat amusing story to tell It seems that that gentleman, who must be a man of taste, was conversing with his foreman the other morning on the necessarily garish and gaudy decorations used for Exhibition purposes "Ah," said he, pointing to some very 'loud' scenic device which his men were executing ' we shall never be let into a respectable house again, after this work Besides, its enough to de- moralise my men I'm afraid they 11 only be fit for Drury lane after this THE London correspondent of the Alta California telegraphing on 14th April gives the following account of the suicide of the Earl of Shaftesbury. which has been briefly reported in a cable message -* Lord Shaftesbury killed himself this afternoon. He was in a cab riding through Regent street, when he took his life. He drew a revolver and discharged the contents of its several chambers into his person The corpse was conveyed to the Middlesex Hospital. He was 54 years of age, and was the eighth Earl of Shaftesbury, succeeding 1st October 15th to the title, on the death of his father, who was a noted philanthropist H" has left a widow, Lady Harriet, daughter of the third Marquis of Donegal and one son and five daughters The Earl had latterly been unwell, and had complained of mental depression. Lord Sbaf tesbury fired the first shot at his right temple but missed his aim The cabman descended from his seat and refused to proceed further as he feared he would be shot Lord Shaftesbury tried to persuade him to continue the drive and offered him a five pound note, but the cabman was immovable A constable who had heard the shot fired approached the cab at this moment, when Lord Shaftesbury fired again, the ball taking effect in his temple. The constable seeing that he was about to fire tried to seize his arm but failed Lord Shaftesbury was driven in haste to the hospital He did not speak after shooting the second-time, and died in ten minutes after his arrival. 