Turt Notes. fBy ' Hippabion.'! ' Pegasus.'Mu the Quccnstander, writes : — ' I hear one of Jost's boys was fined £3 by the Q.T.C. for galloping on the grass outside the old traiuing track.' He m-iy have heard this, but it is untrue. Neither Jost's nor anybody else's boy ever gal loped on the grass, and no boy was fined. 'Peg' should not take all he bears from his washerwoman, although the old lady he of a sporting as well as a sportive, not to say frisky, turu, for gospel. The same authority says Ben Bolt never rau at 2 years old ; and he may be right, but Mr. Strickland is under the impression that Ben ran seven races at 2 years old, and won four of them, aud Mr. Strickland is borne out in this impression by Mr. Pole's Racing Calendar for 1884. Mr. C. J. Harris will be back this week from New Zealand with the new total i- sators (2) which he will run at the com ing Spring meetings of the Q.T.C. aud Tattersall'sClub. Florentine, winner of the Middle Park Plate at the Newmarket, First October meeting, is a bay colt by Kettledrum — Newmiuster, &c.;, by Petrarch out of Hawtborudale. Petrarch won the 2000 guiueas and St. Leger ten years ago, and is sire of Busybody, The Bard, aud Flo rentine. He may take Hermit's place, as the representative of the Newminster line, his sire Lord Clifdeu being a sou of tbe St. Leger winner of 1851. Stoneclink, winner of the Ctcsarewitch under 7st. 71b., is a 4-year-old filly by Speculum out of Stonecbat, and repre sents the Voltiguer line through the old Aske horse's best sou, Vedette. Stone chat is by Adventurer out of Furzechat, by King Tom — Lady Alice, by Chan ticleer. Oberou, who rau second — how good or poor a second, we don't know yet — to Ormonde, iu the champion race at New market, is a 3 year-old colt, by Galopiu, out of Wheel of Fortune, and if breeding could make a horse race, Albion should have beaten the crack. Tu my last notes you make me say Zeuobia, great grand dam of Ben Boll, was by Melbourne. I wrote Nutbourne perhaps indistinctly. Nutbourne has the honour of being sire of Cocoauut, dam of Navigator and Trident. Mr. J. Harrison's Mazurka bas grown into a fine raking filly, since I saw her last, and she will not be far behind the winner in the Derby next Saturday. An application to the Q.T.C. from Mr. O'Leary, Townsville, for removal of disqualification from his colt Minorah, was refused. The conditions of the Q.T.C. Sires Produce Stakes of 1890 are advertised. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit or 2 sovs. only if declared by April 30tb, 1890, with 10 sovs. each from the owners of sires, and 300 sovs. added by the Q.T.C. the nominator of the winner to receive An nnvfl. from trip nri?.p app.nnr1 hnnap 10 and third horse 5 per cent on the gross amount of the prize to be deducted there from ; for 2-year-olds, foals of 1887. This stake should be worth between 400 and 500 sovs. to the winner, if breeders only study their own interests sufficiently to subscribe to it. New South WelBb. owners of stallions should invest iu tbe stake, as it would ensure them a market in this colony for their young stock. It will be noticed that the cumbrous plan of nominating mares is done away with, and that tbe conditions of entry are most liberal, and It costs an owner who brings hiB horse to the post uo entrance mouey whatever, whilst he can get out of all liability for bis nominations by a de ferred payment, four years license, of £2 a head. Mr. C. Nash, well-known in sporting circles at large aud no stranger to Mary borough, has added Marrola te his string of thoroughbreds, at Bockhampton. Marrola is a 5-year- old cbesnut mare, by Kelpie out of Merrythought, by Peter Wilkins (imp.) recently owned by Mr. Berkelman, for whom she did not turu out very profitable, hut she comes of a racing family, being half-sister to Tom Brown's dam, full sister to that other Happy Thought by Kelpie, aud half sister to Bon Accord. ' Vcno' thinks nothing reads better in the Queensland Cup than Medusa, Pirate and Yabba. Theorist bas been backed to wiu the double. Crafton'stime for the measured mile at Derby was lmin. 38.]secs. Tbe Marquis (imp.) by Stockwell out of Cinizelli (dam of The Peer and Mar chioness, both exiles from England like The) Marquis himself) died in Victoria ? the week before last in the 28(.h year of bis age, having been foaled in 1850. He woo the 2000 guiueas iu '62, aud ran I second for the Derby with afield of 32 horses behind him. and the winner, I Caractacus, for 34 ran that year, tbe big gest Derby field on record. He won tbe J St. Leger, and was imported to Australia in 1871, when he stood at Marlbyruong, I where he got NewminBler, His Worship, ' Qrand Prix, Waterford and others. At Gatton, on Friday, there will be good racing, and results may throw Mime light on events at Eagle Farm, and ou Saturday the Kedron Park Races come off. Caloola la handicapped to give The Agent 3 lb. in the Hurdle Race at Flem iugtonon Tuesday next ; the weights are, Caloola 12 et. 101b., The Agent 12 Bt. 7 I'j. At Moouce Valley, on Saturday, Isou oiny !) Ft. S lb., won the big uaudieap, giving Middlemareh 17 lb. Owners are reminded that nominations fur tbe Maryborough Jockey Club handi cap close on November 20th. I have uot seen a Gympie programme yet, so cannot notify the dayB of closing entries. What with Toowoomba, Ipswich, anc the Summer meetings of the Q.T.C , i don't think the Wide Bay meetiugs will draw many entries from the south, but as there are nearly GOO sovs. to be ruu for at Gympie and Maryborough withiu teu days'iu December, the list of nominations should be num«rically strong, better per haps in respect of numbers because of the probable absence of southerners. Mr. Jost's br.f. Brombie by Sportsman — dam's pedigree unknown, has beeu sent back to Jost Vale as too slow for racing at present, butOrmoud is looking and going well, and Paradox too. The Gympie horses Wolseley, Bachelor, Phoenix, and the Derby colt Vainhope, were out on Monday morning, aud did strong work, and Hnvelock and Mazurka weut together, winding, up with half a mile in 60 sees. Mr. Hunter's pair The orist aud Royal Irishman were out. Ma lua, a dark horse, 6 years old, by Malta— Ino, by Yattendon, bred by A. Town, but a non-performer iu N.S. Wales— uuder that name at least, went by himself iu good style. Warkworth aud The Echo finished up some good work by half a mile in 59 sees. His Worship, the three year-old Norman, and two-year-old Out cast, Lord Salisbury three years, and his stable companion Mincemeat three years, both Derby caudidates, went well, and the Kedron Park candidate Clive went a slow mile. Petronel pleased all who saw him, but his style is always perfection. Uutii the Melbourne Cup is done with, our own meeting will play but a subordi nate part iu tbe betting market, though there is some double event wagering ou Sandgate Handicap aud Cup. Theorist has beeu backed for both at 100 to 12. Theorist and Petronel, Battailous and Medusa, about the best double of the lot to my miud. Pirate aud Petronel, Warkworth aud Petrouel are doubles that have beeu enquired after or taken. A writer in the week tables a little non sense when he compares Trident, (weight 7st 71b.) in the Melbourne Cup, with Robert the 'Devil iu the Caesarewitch, aud argues that because Robert could win with 9st,, Trideut, as good a three year-old as Robert, is chucked into the cup with 7st 71b., aud ought to have 9st. 71b. ou his back, which wouldn't stop him. To beglu with, Robert the Devil carried uot 9st., but 8st. 61b., when he won the Csesarewitch ; and the latter race is run in tbe Autumn, the Melbourne Cup iu the Spriug. Robert carried oily 31b. over his w.f.a., (V.R.C scale), whilst Trident, with 8st. 7lbs. iu the Spring, would be carrying 15tt-s. over his w.f.a. Now, neither Commotion nor Malua carried half as much over their w.f.a., and it is premature, if not absurd, to argue that Trident, on the strength of his Randwlek form, which has since beeu somewhat discounted by the run ning of Blairgowrie aud Lord William, is from eight to teu pouuds the better horse, at w.f.a., than tbe great Victorian cracks, when at their best. The disqualification incurred by those horses that ran at the late Gayndau races, has been removed by the Q.T.C, the Gayndah Club having registered. On Tuesday morning the Gympie re presentatives, Mazurka and Stewardess, were at work pretty early, going three times round, once slow, once faster, aud once fast. Fano, the Derby colt, by Epigram - Fanny by Lord of the Hills, did a good mile and a-half in lniiu. 5Gsecs., aud his work pleases tbe tout. Theorist and Royal Irishman did excellent work, aud the three-year-old is coming into favor for the double fast. Vainbopewent half a-mile after twice rouud in 5(isec, a capital gallop; Wolseley iu compauy with him. Petronel did the best mile of the morning, seeoud round, iu lmin. 55 sees. The dark Malua had tbe best of Laurel II in a smart mile gallop, and the old grey Warkworth did a serviceable mile in lmin. 5Ssecs., second time round. The outer side of the racecourse proper is uow thrown open to trainers. Small Capitalists wisnmg f Establish a BiiBineBB should gee if there it an opening for a Mineral Waier Manufactory in their district, All information and receipts for the purpose i making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c;, is given previous knowledge is D^t necessary. The jemand for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, that theoutla; for the machinery in all cases leads to a profi able and safe business. Catalogue forwarded tree, or can be hhu at the office of this paper on paymen of Is. — Babhett and Fosteb. Engi neers 230. FotBton street, London, N. Floriline ! — Fob thb Teeth and Bbe s.th —A few drops of the liquid 'Floriline'1 sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleaia'it lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gum*, prevents tartar, stops decay, giveB 'o the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all nnpieuant o-iour arUing from rieeu'ed teeth or tobacco smoke. '' Tbe Fraerant Florilioe,' being cimi.osed in part of Hom-y and sweet herbs, is delicious 'o the taste, and the grwtCBl. toilet discoT ry of tne age. Price 2». 6d., of all C icraistB aid PerfumerB. Wholesa b depot 33, Fwi ig ion Boad, Linion. Valuable Discovert foe the Hair —I ynur hair i« turning grey or white, or falling off, nBe ' The Mexican Hair Eenowcr,' for it will positively restore in evert/ case Grey or Whit', hair to its original colour, without leav ing the disv;re?i-ble smell of nn9t ' Restorers ' It makes t -e hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promot.ini; tbe growth of tho hair rn bald spots, where th-! glunrjs ∈ not decayed. Aslt ynur Chemist, for ' Tub Mexican Haib Be wkwpb,1' sold by Chcmifo and Perfumers everywhere rt 3s. 6i. pit Bottlr. WboWlo depot S3, Farringrion Road, Lonrtoi. Ghosts, — An attempt is being made in the old country to revive tho belief iu viBitaot from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of tbe journals. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'B ghost : ' How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest Bpell against ghosts by rising Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread j for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most admiiablc fashion. Ernry wise storekeeper has it by him, and very good houiewiw buyi it. WoMAN'bSphebb— There are few men now «o benigbtd as to believcthat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : ' To suckle fouls and chronicle email beer.' TTol a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she ifi greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for berconveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, ahe is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most delicioul custarda, blanc-mangei, fcc;. at lialf- tha, usual time, 