CROSS AND GROWN. CHAPTER IV. Christmas Evk lias como—a cloar, frosty oM-fashionod Christmas Evo with iciclos 011 lho trees mid hodgorows,and skatorB oa Lho pond and mill-stream. It is ton yoars to-day sinoo tbo murder of tho travcllor iu tlio roadsido inn. Bon Asliwyn has made good ubo of his ill-gotten wealth to bo proprietor of tho ll'iilway liotol to-day, and if Jano Ashwyu's solo ambition was to sco hor daugbtor a lady, nuroly bor wish would bo giatifiod if sliOv I)ad lived to sco hor now. Thoro is a goodly company in tlio hotel bar and parlour to-day. .Farmers and towns people havo asBomblod to onjoy themsolvos, whilo upstairs lovely Alice Asliwyn is pnt lmg the finishing touches to tho rooms wlioro Lord Edgemount and liis friends are to onjoy thomsolvesiu tho ovoniug. At throo o'clock his lordship cntorod tho drawing-room, supported on ono sido by Alico and on the other by his own man sor vant; thoy lod him to a reclining chair by tlio fire. Having arranged his injured foot in a raisod position upon cushions, tho man loft tho room. His Lordship's line oyos wandered round tho comfortable apartmont, then settled upon Alico. " What lovely flowers, Alico ; whore did you get tlioin ?" ho inquired, as lie glancod from tho vases on the tnblo to tho bunch of scarlet and whito geraniums fastoned at tlio nock of her sapphire velvet robe. " Lady Cairns Bent thom with hor com pliments to you,and I havo taken tho liberty of taking this spray. You aro not angry are you ? But thoy looked bo tempting," she said, coaxingly, as sho pointed with Lho forofingor of her left baud to tho (lower at her throat. " Angry with you, Alico ? Impossible 1 IIow lovely you look to-day, darling,": ho • said, his eyes shining • with pndo and ploa snro. " Shall I mako you a spray liko mino ? " 6ho asks, gaily. " If you please, dear." Slio'tnriied to tlio tablo whoroon. stood two vanes of clioico hut-houso flowors, and selecting two white and one scarlet geran iums proceeded to arrango and fasten thom * in tho buttonhole of his coat. IIo watched tlio whito lingors glitieriug with valuable rings a fow moments, then his glance went up to - her face with a titrange look in his oyes, thou becamo livi led on tho flowers on her bosom; then with a slart, his dark eyes flashed back to tlio hands fluttering at his breast; then another start, and his faco crimsoned to tlio roots of his hair. , " What is the matter ?" tho girl asks, .puzzled at'his. strange'expression^ ; ; " Nothing," ho replies, " nothing, except a puddon recollection,'', and lie turned away his head. Alice, thinking lie had a sudden spasm of pain, turned to the.piano, and swopt hor fingers over tho koys in a careless way. The instrument stood eloso t:i Lord Edgemount's chair and Alice stood sideways to him. Turning his head again, his eyes followed tho quick movement of her fingers ; tlion, with a quick movement, lie caught her loft wrist in a grip that : held hor hand perfectly , still. v " Alice, where did you get that,ring ?" ho hissed. ii l_l—Oh, ploase don't hurt mo.'. That ring was a birthday profient,". she answered as she tried to, disongago, her hand from liis clasp. " From whom,'1 he questioned,exci tedly. ... " From my father." ." How .long ago ?" " On my fifteenth birtliday. I am now in my sovonteonth year," sho answered, as she succeeds iu diseugaging her wrist from liisclasp. " And tliat pin ?" ho says, pointing to tho flowers at her throat. Iler hand goes up instinctivoly to tho flowers at her bosom, that wero held thoro by a gentleman's scarf-pin, the head of which was formed of rubies and diamonds in tho shape of a cross. " This pin," she says, her fair face flush ing like a blush roso, "was given to me by a stranger who stoppod at our house ono night." " When was that ?" " Just ten years to-night. Ho came on Christmas Eve and went away before I was up on Christmas, morning. - Wo have never ■ seen him since. Wo wore not living hero then; my father kept tho George in a lonely part of Monmouthshire, nnd my mother was alive. She was burned to death shortly afterwards." " How strange M cannot account for it. Let me look at that ring my child," lie says in great agitation. The girl haudedhim the ring and pin, with a pained look iu lier oyos, then stood silently pulling the flowers to piecos, while ho examined tho ring minutely inside and out, and turned tho pin over and over in his hand. " They are tho same ; I cannot bo mis taken. Hero are my mother's initials in side this ring. It has been the heirloom in our family for centuries, I fepl certain there is not another like it in the world," he said, musingly. ' " My father can tell you more about thorn than I." . " Ah, yes ! I must ask Mr. Asliwyn about them. It is just ton years to-day since those jowels with many others more costly still, and a largo sum of money in gold and uotes passed out of tlio possession of the lawful owners." " 1 shall send myfathor to you, my lord, and I.shall not see you again uutil you apologise for your extreme rudeness," she said in a resentful tone. "Alice—Alice stay 1" ■ But she was gone and tlio door closed. Outside she stoppod to think. There was some mystery connected with tho ring and piu that inspired hor with tho idea that the f jrmer owner of tho jewels lost'them under suspicions circumstances. She remembered lier father's unwillingness to speak upon the subject whenever she asked questions relating to the Btrangor who gave her the going Hint snowy Christmas Evo long ago. As slio stood thinking sho heard a stop behind hor; it was lior fathor. " Oh, papa, Lord Edgomounfc wish oh so much to spoak to you. Don't look fright ened, thoro's a dear old dad.'' " And what makes you look so queor, Ally ? you nro as pule as a ghost I Has ho been a-popping the question, child ? " Bays Bon Aslnvyn, trying to look unconcerned ; but ho had a lit of his old nervousnoss, which ho triod in vain to shako off. " No, father 1 His lordship wants you to tell him all you know about that autiquo ring you gave me—ho seems to rocognise it." " I know it! 1 know it I" gasps Bon Ash wyn, as the chronic crimson in liis face deopons to purple. lie knocked at tho door, oponod it, and wenfciiij, Alico catching sight of his scared faco as ho olosod the door bohind him. " Oh doar 1 what can it mean, and why doos fathor look so dreadful norvous and upsot?" moans tho girl, as sho waits. for her father's ro-appoaranco. 1 Sho could hear his lordship say in achoory voice: " Mr. Aslnvyn, I am going to ask you a few questions about a liltlo mattor that re calls a very unpleasant oposido in ray lifo." TO HE CONTINUED, 