ETEKN AL PUNISHMENT. IO IBS EDITOR. au — jxu. uiumuwn mem sent me a copy oi your issue of October 31, wherein I find tbat a Mr. S. J. Mitchell delivered a lecture in Ade laide on ' Why I left the Church of England Pulpit for the Secular Platform,' by which it appears that the doctrine of eternal punishment was his stumbling-block. Having studied theological difficulties for forty years, and being called to Australia for your coming winter, there to lecture against scepticism, may I ask the hospitality of your pages to put forth an argument or two, as we in Scotland say, thereanent 2 In sn old book we read that God made man in TM« own image. Let us look at man and ste whether he punishes eternally, or as near it as he can. I was living in a village in Buckinghamshire whereto there came a man who had suffered transportation in the days when that was common. In Aus tralia he had won a fortune. He was a bachelor setting marriage. No young lady for seven miles round would marry him, knowing that if she did the would be cut by all acquaintances. Seeing that he had satibujed the law ought not society to receive him as though he had never broken the law? Were that asked by Mr.' Mitchell I should reply by saying ?'Certainly not,' and then asking him this — ' You propose giving a course of pro-infidel lectures. VVill you object to coparfcnery with one George Atea, who is a known scholar and an acknowledged orator, against whose moral standing nothing is known beyond his having done six. months for hotel robbery?' On his own principles he is bound to answer affirma tively. Say that my Buckinghamshire ex con vict lived seventy years after he had finished ids penalty, would he be regarded by the villagers as favorably as though he had never been transported J Or put it thus : Amy Belle, a giddy beautiful girl of 17, elopes wish a lieutenant of the Lancers, but the couple do not many. She only stayed, in faig company a fortnight, and bitterly repented it ever since ; now ebe is 70. 1b -die as welcome as though she had never strayed from virtue's paths ? If, then, we all punish as long as we can, and God be eternal, and we made in His image, must He not punish eternally ? With me it is axiomatic— If God punishes at all He must punish for ever. Again, if He punish He can only do so as judge or king. 2xo father punishes. A fataer corrects, chastises, disciplines ; and a judge punishes in the name or place of the king. Crime is against the king, sin against God. We may be sinners and not nriminaig, All cricuinalisy in Britain and her colonies is against Victoria, ail sin in the universe is against the King liternaL Tte taint of crime makes us un savory to loyal subjects and Her Majesty ; the taint of sin makes us unwelcome to toe holy and offensive to -iod. There is no human method of being freed from the taint of criminality; there is a divine method of freeing trom sin's pollution. If the former be nos done, and it camxot be, the ex-crhninal is un welcome to his feilow-men. If the latter be not done he is excluded from Jerusalem the new and from Him that dwells therein. Tne two cases have one principle underlying them, and we cannot logically deny the right of God to eternally punish until we cease to act on the aaiue principle. I have presented niy trilenima on eternal pun ishment to all shades of disbelievers or partial believers, and would like to see whether any Australian doubter can do what no Biitish sceptic has succeeded in doing, viz., demolishing it. Assuming there is a moral governor to mankind, I present my fc-?!gmirIFt thus :.. God DuaJBhesjaanew either ever, never, ... . -as- tofSitiEie, bbfaraslcansee,thetruthmu3t be in one of those three propositions, go then we have but to eliminate the two erroneous lemmas, and the residuum must be truth, litb his, then, try the lemma: * God punishes the sinner never. This is repugnant to the moral sense in man, and is opposed to the teachings of history, besides being directly antagonistic to the threateningsfif the Bible and its narra tive of God's dealings with men. We there fore delete that proposition as untrue, whereby our trilemma becomes a rlilAmina yiz., God either punithes dinners for a time, or ever. If lor a time, there is a temporary hell, a Protestant puigatory, wnerein sinners satisfy all divine requirements and axe fitted fur communion with God and holy angels. These, then, go to heaven through heiij which hell is equal in virtue to the pro pitiation of the Lord Je&us; Christ, and equally efficacious to sanctify as the Holy Ghost. Our Lord said : — 'I am the way; no man cometh to the Father, save by me. According to this lemma, such climb up some other way. Hence Judas will meet John in the paradise of God, wherein nothing shall enter that defileth. John was brought there through the death of tbe incarnate God; Judas arrived there thiough temporary punishment, When the chorus of myriads of millions of voices uttering joy louder than Atlantic thunders saying — ' Kow unto Hixt. that loved us and washed us from our sins in His own blood,' those wh-j canie by some other way must silently await until their turn conies to fdng another song. But every Bible lover feels it is blasphemous aonceiJEe to suppose that bell fits for heaven, changes our nature from carnal to spiritual, and makes new men in Christ. Moreover, he notices that punishment never improves men here ; ?why bhould it anywhere else? On that theory Calvary -yas a mistake, for men could obtain favor in the sight of the Lord without the shameful and painful death of the cross. So then we must delete the lemma : God punishes for a time, which reduces our triiemma to this true proposition — God punishes «inTrers (uare pentait understood) for ever. Yet ot a verity Ood punishes po creature save TTik Son, for He received the totality of His punishment on Golgotha when He said, '-It is finished'— received, as it were, His punishment in a com pleted circle^ ..satisfaction ; whereas creative punishment is an unceasing straight tine, and ? fctrait too. The position ot the guilty rebel in s. iciiUon of tone hence will be : he is being punished, if punished hell would break up with a cheer. JetUB said, ' It is finished.' Neither Satan nor any satanic one will ever be able to say, ' It iB finished.' — I am. &c;, HARRY ALFRED LONG. Glasgow, December 9, 1S85. 