amusements. Hazel Kirko" will be again produced this evening at the Theatre Royal, where it has boon meetiug with fair patronage during the week. At the Opera House there Is no change this evening. "Tho Grand Duchess" still proves an attraction, and the dainty, saucy Duchess of Miss Plaisted and tho excellent Fritz of Mr. Charlos Ilnrdiug continue to be deservedly appreciated. "Fun on the Bristol" is being played to de lighted audiences every night, and this evening Mr. Sheridan promises au extraordinary attrac tion in tho Parisian sensation, " -Kola, the Human Cannon Ball," assisted by Ohmy. A 28-tou cannon is placed on the stage, aud JEola i? placed in it in view of the audience. She is then shot a distance of 2Dft. to the dome of the theatre, where she is caught by Ohmy , who is hanging from a trapeze to receive her. It is the first time that tho feat has been performed in Australia. Besides this attraction Miss Livingstone and the other members of the company will introduce new songs and speci alties, and of course tho irresistible Widow O'Brien (Mr. John F. Sheridan) will be to tho form " Hamlet" was played at the Royal Standard Theatre last evening, nnd Mr. Dampier gavo an excellent representation of tho Prince of Den mark, being very ably assisted bv Mr. Edmund llollowfty aa the Ghost of llainlet'o father, Mis? J ulia Merion as Gertrude, Queen of Denmark, aud Miss Katheriuo Russell, as Ophelia. One of the best performances of Poioninn we have seen fbr some time was that of Mr. J. D. Marsh. To-night a dramatised version of tho late Marcus Clarke's realistic novel. " His Natural Life" will be played at this theatre uuder the title " For the Term of His Natnral Life." Now socenery and effects are promised, and the absorbing interest that has at all times been concentrated in the novel will be sure to be realised in the production of the drama. The Federal Minstrels rc-appcar at tho Academy of Music to-night, when new business is promised. Cottiers' Popular Concert will be repeated this evening at tho Protestant-hall. Tho Victoria Theatre, Parnunatta, was opened for a short season on Wednesday night by Mr. Henry Allcyno's and Miss Florence Wude's Comedy Company, Tho company opened in tho "Groat Pink Pearl." To-uiirht Is thoir last appearance at Parramatta. Tho Japanese Villago at tho Exhibition Building is still ono of tho attractions for pleasure-.qcekora. Mr, Willard uuuounccs that in consequence of tho Exhibition Building being pre-engaged for an industrial exhibition the stay of tliu Japanese must necessarily bo brief. A complimentary social in connection with tho Young Girls' Friendly .Society was bold on Tuesday evuuing last at St. David's schoolroom, Arthur-street, Surry-hills, Lieutenant W. P. Mulhoilnnd iuthechalr. The place was comfort ably filled, tho major portion of tho audicnco comprising ladles resident in tho neighborhood, and who have the Interests of tho society at heart. The proceedings were almost entirely of ?, -musical character, aud some two hours wero pleasantly whiled away iu choice selections given by several ladies aud gentlomeu, the Messrs. aud thn Misses O'DonncIl contributing the larger share. An amusing recitation " Laddy's Courtship," rendnred surprisingly well by a littlo girl, Minnie Broadbcnt, received a good round of applause. This entertainment It. was staled, is oncof many which arc to bo given periodically. The seventh annual ball of the Glebe Point Rowing Club was held in the Town-ball last night. The nttendauco numbered about CO couples, which would have been largely increased bad the weather been any way favorable. Round the room was bung the Hags of the various other clubs. The programme contained 24 dances, among which were 10 waltzes. Tbe tables were under tho care of Brett, of William- street, and were admirably laid. Of the dres>c? there is not much to write. The threat ening state of the weather prevented tho treasures of tlie wardrobe from being displayed, but tho best in the room was worn bv a lady from WouUoomooloo dressed In pale pink, the body was of the same stuff, cut low and sleeveless, and edged with pearls and dark claret lace, down the jeft side of the skirt was a broad pleat of ruby velvet, while below this again was a couple of strings of pearls. Tho dreas suited admirably the stately figure of tbo fair wearer. Another dress there looked very well, was one of black with similar colored lace sleeves, round the skirt was a cauarv colored sash, the body was cut low and on" the left side was n wreath of flowers, while a coil of pearls encircled the neck. The committee worked hard to make the ball as enjoyable as possible, and their efforts were fully realised. 