A TOWNSVILLE GHOST. The prosaic and ordinarily extremely natural life of Townsville has lately been intruded upon by a visitant of peculiar tendencies. This unwelcome being, bear- ing all the outward semblance of a man, clothed in nothing but a common shirt, having about him no shimmering, gauze- like robes indicative of service in the celestial orchestra, and yet having in his train no offensive or sulphurous smells suggestive of a hotter climate, selects the very early hours of the morning, to fool around respectable men's bed-posts, and to strike terror into their hearts through their scarcely open eyes by representing a. suicide. Gentle reader, this is a statement of fact, vouched for by two unimpeachable witnesses resident in Towneville, and lodgers in a certain house of public accommodation, in the now haunted room of which a man "shuffled off his mortal coil" either at his own sweet will, or by the hand of one of his fellow-men. So rumour saith. We are responsible only for an unvarnished recital of the circumstances under which the apparition has been twice seen within the past three weeks. To believers in spiritualism we have no doubt the succeed- ing particulars will have considerable interest, and will prove a problem hard of solution, whilst for the sceptics there will be matter for laughter and ridicule. Ghosts have unquestionably been, seen at various times in the world, and even in Northern Queensland-in Cooktown, for instance- the appearance of at least one apparition \--that of a deceased lady, whose linea- ments were well-known to the party of spirit-wrappers to whom she exhibited her self in a door-locked and window-closed room in broad daylight-can be verified by living witnesses. Therefore, let the smile smothered, and the jeer restrained, and the refutation of the possibility of spirits visiting the earth be deferred until we harrow up the blood, lay an icy finger on the heart-strings, and make "each par- ticular hair stand on end" on the heads of our readers, by recounting the thrilling particulars we have gleaned of the premier Townsville ghost:-The night was far spent, and the balmy breezes from Ross Creek were wafted like an angel's benedic- tion to the ends and centre of Flinders street, and far away up into the star- spangled heights of Castle-hill, where they wailed and moaned as though re- hearsing a requiem o'er some dear de- parted one, and then slowly rose up to the calm sea of azure, where they bade adieu to earth and ts naughty inhabitants, albeit most of them slept as though they had not made a profit of 100 per cent on their goods sold during the previous day, and had liberally given of their abundance to the poor, the suffering, and the unfor- tunate. It was broad moonlight, and the lambent rays of the Queen of Night stole softly in through the half-opened window of a room wherein two men reclined on single iron bedsteads, nicely curtained, and possessing all the other appurtenances which go to make up what is commonly known as "a bed." Sleepless and cogi- tative, one of th .men decided to relieve the monotony of the solitude caused by the slumber of his room-mate, by smoking a fragrant manilla. This he did, the while he thought of "England, home, and beauty," the " Friendship of dear old pals," " Gentle Annie,' "The little old log cabin in the lane." and the intricacies of the differential cal- culus. The cigar having burnt un- pleasantly near his mouth, he looked door- wards to throw the stump out, when his startled gaze was rivetted by the form of a man's figure at the foot of his bed. The trunk was covered by a shirt, and the legs dangled significantly; the nape of the neck could be seen just below the calico covering of the top of the bed, and oh, horror, a rope seemed to pass round the neck and over the brass nob at the top of the corner-post, the face and head being hidden by the calico, but apparently hang- ing over the other or outer side of the bed, and a clear case of strangulation being vividly present to the man's affrighted mind. The mind of the man in bed, we mean-not the other one, sus- pended at the foot of it. The live and now thoroughly awake man rubbed his eyes, and looked towards the other bed to make sure that his mate was not playing a lark on him. But no ! all was correct in that quarte:-the . sleeper being "all' serene," and snoring in a most angelic manner. This state of things was ex asperating, unbearable, and the victim of spiritualism was about to spring from his bcd, and discover whether his eye 'sight was deceiving him, when lo! the hanging object vanished-where therehad been a tangible form there was now nothing butthin air,andthealmostequally thin iron-bars at the top of the bed stead. What was 'it P Where had it gone? ot how had it come I The startled man did not know, nor did we. Suffice it to say, the man swears he saw it, and he is, like Brutus, "an.honourable man," and certainly would not He to gain an unen viable notoriety. However, he'kept the secret of that night looked closely in his ownheart until about a fortnight after wards, when his mate letfallsomeremarks' which gave force to his belief that he liad not been mistaken in seeing what he believed to be a supernatural ob ject. Now for. the mate's story :-On a certain morning he said' to his friend, '"You must have been mighty tight 'wheis .ou came in last night." To this, No. '1 (let us call him) said "I was not; I have rumnk nothing but ' soft stuff' for a month past." No 2: "Then what were you up to, playing gymnastics at the foot of my 'bed for ?" No. 1: "I didn't go near the foot of your bed; I came in about eleven, .and 'turned in' at once." No. 2 : "Well; I'll swear some man was at the foot of my bed with his head over the top, and his legs hanging down." Here was a strange corroboration of the apparition seen by No. 1. The two men at once compared notes, andtheresult wastheyboth averred Shaving seen identically the same thing at the foot of each of their beds, even to the rope round the ghastly figure's neck. Now what' say our readers ? Who will un ravel the mystery? Both men are -thoroughly trustworthy, and could cer tainly hope for nothing but ridicule if they had concocted such a stronge story; fo people in the present generation are net given to believing anylthing veryparti cular about the movemehts of departed spirite. Both the men whosaytheysaw the ghost were sober-they are notimaginative men-nor.are they given to romancing. Neither one -would back the other, for mere sport, in stating so consecutively all about a~ "vision of the night." We leave the mystery with' dur"readers Let them solve it. The. foregoing is a record of fact, not a string of fiction. Men pass and repass the hloun' every day where the strange scene was enacted, and every time we poregrinats in that direction we look up longingly to a certain window in hopes of sieing the mid night prowler from the spirit- world.. He -must be a restless sort of fellow, or else he would not come scaring'decent 'men when they want to sleep, and when he ought to be putting in his time in some profitable occupation. If meon who depart from this life have nothing better to do than to mouch back again and startle honest men, we doni't see much advantage in 'dying at all, especially by means of suicide. Scep tical reader, "you may take our tale with a little salt, but it needs none nevertho less." Can you explain itP If you can, and when you do, "make a note on't." N?orthcire World. Mrs. Hill, of Aston, who was well-known and very popular in Shropshire and Cheshire, died last week.' She was a daughter of the celebrated John Mytton, of Halston, and inherited his sporting tastes. For many years she was a regular follower of the'South Cheshire hounds and nobody. in the field rode straighter. She was a splendid rider, and her courage was anbounded. As Mrs. Hill advanced in life she gave up the saddle, and'hunted in a dog-cart, and she was so thoroughly acquainted with every corner: of the country, that she saw a .great deal more of mose .runs than many who, were on horseback. 