M yrtle Fraser ; OR, 'TWAS PRIMIIROSE TIME. CPTER X.-SGoaontnmaued.. ' OI, ?l?le". Won't? miss. She will be guarded Vy hangels, 'cos she's one her self ! Besides, my old mnother told me that i? 's only. them what's afraid as catches it.' , . S.:The hopefuli iords of the maid: did not tomfort Agnes, who was very minuchl troubled andu alarmied for her friend's safety. \- '::How can .I ever thank you, dear frirendd f~i:yodr devoiion to me, a corn parative siranger ?' says Miss Stanlei ,when all danger was passed, and Retta 'speaks of leaving. ,' Iwish you would always stay with nie, dear; it would brightou my life, and make me very happy.' But Ret'a firmly de!ines any areom pense save that of friendship; and Once more she sees Agnes, wtho is again prospaeous, and full of delight at her friend's return,- and says,' N w you harv no excuse for running away again, :I lave such goobd news!' ": 'Indeed! About yourself, I hope ?' : o' 'No; but about you. Old hlan 'hette has turned up trumps, and saysi .':lie will give you ant engagemnenu t if you like. :'i 'Iam.,n i?ch indebted to you, -dear A: .aees; but I,.must not; play such a e.r ole.:.:Iead this advertisment; it ap ::peared in this. iiorning's.Tine." •. ."Why, ihis is no use to you; it's.a :.?middle-aged person they wantl.'. A: :. , Ahif only. yoit would notilespise miie, I could tell you why I would give w. :orlds to fill that htimble position at M::,;eadow ~nk.' l'.: Despise ono- so noble as Vou, Retta ?' y: ·",s: A:i'ies,:. half-chidingly.- Is the story connected with.the cause of our ::meeting?', '(Yes; I hiad left luxury, wealth, and lotig hearts on .th t 'night, and the .ecncrson I. wron?'d is the lady ::wh req::. iiaes the services. ofa nurse. If you -:: ailllisten, I will tell you all.' 'I do not see anything so very dread ::ful.. Yoa "uthught your schboolfellow :: was daid, and ':you reallyamight have b:' edn, the cause of savintia' her fathei :.frm a broken heart. Ydur: mistake w :as. in running away,: as if-you.were .'guilty of something very heinous. 2 :' Ah! uht 1 cI'ould not face the .soorn of tie mani who 'askeid me to bl his wife, t: lainklng l- was the heiress.' ' Well, heas a .pretty. fllow !' cays Agnes, wtth a contemptuous toss.of her dark curly little head. I should say he was not waoath' a ?om?ient's thought if he could act like that.'::" "But he was honour itself. and abhldred deceit of any kind; and be lieved implicitly in me, and loved me as never.intiman was loved before' : . Thn 'lie shiould have'stood by you to the bitter end,: says::Anes, resent fully.' I dislike -your goodie menl But couldn't you make your face. up, and apply for the place, ,if you are bent upon it?' , : 'Could I. without being detected'? ' TWhy, of course you could l It 'is as easy as possible Ill show yon at once, 'But, mind ypu,;I do not'2care: for your idea; it is a pure: waste of time, and' Quixotic to a degree.' ' Ah i if, .when you were friendless ane uncearedaor by she 'woild, someone ,ave you lovei and 53sympathy, and* became a, sister to you, ?ould you not do anything -to help her in 'the hour Sof necessity ? ' Yes; oven to going :through fire and watear.' , , 'That is my 'Icase )? feelsnieui I could do more for ler than ai stranger; a *nd, under Priovidence, be e the means of briungig back'her reason,.' i :. ' Aud, after thit, what t-hea.o' :'; ' MIy mission would be efnded, and some roparation made for the deceit I practiced upon society' SAund waste tihe besti.years of your 3young life upon" an: idea when ' the' vorld would be at yuoa feetb offering wealth-ay, and wi.t:your looks,: per haps it title, if you embraced the atage for a livelihood.' -:You "bewildder me altogether.' . .... , 'N?fveur mindl, Agnes. ,Don't be cross ; but,. like o.a ar .litt'le ..soiil, help me. It's my fate, and I must submit.' In a short, time Agnasr'entirely 1 etamorphosed iRet'a,.waishing all the time that she wotild hot tucceedd in: Sobtaining .the situationh.:; ' Armed with a capital lettor.: of S1aoomendudtiou from Doctd~o Richar Saon, she pressnted herself at Meadow' B3ank that afternoon; an], tb htr great astonishment and delight, was engaged by the Colonel, who little dreamt that the staid matronly lady in spectacles, with dark hair, in which Wvere :iilveiy threads, was Retta New combe, for whom he had bern search ing far and near. ' This is my dear ehild,"he .'says, kindly. 'She is o as g'entl'e' -nnd tractable as a-dove, Heaven bless:her! But, :as .you can perceive, her :intel-: leet is.weak. 'The cause was fright at a fearful shipws ck:caused by: fire' : No one, exiept, thel penitent Retta, uould know 'tho diffictilty she had in repressing her :feeliongs at; the siglit of liher old chbool-fl]ow p .bhut she i had, a pair't to play, 'and bat'tled br?avely against imipulse. 'So. you, have engaged the,;: last applicant, Fraser ?' says Captain St'. Johliri. 'Yes; i s-ili has such ::a;- sweet voice and w;ni'n:g maniner, that I: would have chosen hem oiut of :a score or more.: There. is :the ring: of:true gent!oewoman :about her,;' besides, she is hiihly .:recommended by a rising physician. . I I:ani: h-airtily glad "to heiar ,it, Fraser ; it is the first glimpse, of sun shine form ou since doiss Newcomba disappeared' : ' ::' :l wish I coddnld say siomething' to cheer 'you nup, St. Jodhn; but' 'I: fer she has gone abroad.' :Poor-,. child, she nor .d not she?;would have been a sistei to my poor afflicted darling.': SOnly the mnientibori of' his:lost love 'brings, a sad. wistful jeamning' look into his face, and,: warned by, past ex perience, the Colonal drops the sub ject. CHAPTER XI. RETTr did.not knq?wthe cOss she had undertakjif tolbear ; how heavy 'it wnould prove, and, how, at times,"she would be tempted to throw it down and flee: ' Not :oneb , mention of me Il she iiui murs; lbrokenly;, a feai short dontlis have sufficed to ebliterate: every recol lection of the girl .who was' mistress? here. My .puniiment- has :cbm menced but I must bear 'it.?atiently' for Myrtle's sake. One motning she is seated:with her charge in the drawing reom, ·playing old melodies that Myrtle loived in the long ago at the Paris pensio,: think ingr that these wo..uld be links to. con necu the past. with the present, and once more to;give back to the sufferer stability of mind. " Captain St. John, who is a'constant visitor at Meadow Bank, stands at-the door, entranced,. for the player. re minds him of his :.darlin, who.. once played just such melodies, and h'ad the same soft, .!iquid touch. on? the instrument. S:'nAm I tawake, or dreaming ?: -Can my Myrtle hhave rietutrned ?' he says, as a? wild hope :surges. through his mind that, perhaps Heaven has answered his priaye., and sent., her backlto comfoirt hi',stirokd keh??t. H;: astening in, his e3 es blazing with :expedtanc, he sees only the middle aged. woman,. wnith the everlasting green spectacles :shading her eyves, aind so great is his disappointmenn t that he muItters aingrily, 'Hang the old frump! : What the deuce does she want playing in that divine.way, rais ing my hopes only to dash them 'cruelly!' : ..' Everal, come -and sit with 'nie quietly, like a little mouse, and Nurse Newman will play pretty music,' coos· Myrtle. ' Not now, deaitr I am busy, he says, gently,; impatient all the w.hile to get awav. Retta 's slender fingers droop, idly over.the key s, her mouth q(uiivers and' trembles, :while her heart throbs as if it would butirst its'bhinds, so tender is his tone, so fuill of pity for the sufferer. :::.'Shall:: I be 'able to. carry but my plan?' she thinks, piteously, as she turns round on ::the stool, and furtively watches his retreating figure. 'i'.Jlay more, nriuise," pleads the- in valid, in a plaintive tone, with a, far anay pizzled expression :in he'r facd, as if she were tiying to recall: the ,pfst.: :WTith? a sad, wistful little sigh, Retta complies, for sheiannuot refuise her comn. ,panion anythin'gr, part of her .penance being never to get impatient with her charge. , ne day to her is so like 'the- other that she eases Ito take. notice& 'of .the: 'flighit of time, but es aboither dities because she has?iesolved to .win back: reason to the clouded mindd of the once bright, jovious young heiress -: The C,,lonel thanks his lucky stars for havig:seeiiadsi such n~nestimsble· nurse, arid is never tired of:singing her praises. !irs Lloyd is naisi at" Me? ~d ' Bank. arid naturally takes the .lead in the affuirs of the hous'liolld, bding siich an old friend, .:and the once .intimate companioni of thelate fiMrs; :`Fisdcr tbi. whom shbe was distaitly related. '. / Iam surprised youfdof nat' inapprove so highly.of Mrs..Newman, ,says the; Colonel, during tlhe ouise of conversa-l tion .,']She is patientl, .and very amiable, although Mylitleo soi mtimes tries her temper'ady .'' ' '?° 'N oi 6 doubt- sh'e-his ?mU ny good qua~h;' .ties, but what I Z do ,iiotLlikeolis her` silent, ret;?ent, almost miiorose mi.anner., Whio ias she ,withlb lfore"you n.i gaged her ?' -¾; ",Wr:ell ef --you-t see. iadvertised 'in the " oIe ; jSlie?applied, and ;brought a oletter ofrecomimendation from a noted Sphysiciai wh':,is connec ted-with "one· of ,thei chief Londen ; hospitals,', ho stammers, nerivously 'Gooddess, gracious niy dear colonclf what werei you thimiking albut ?' 'she asks,; elevating iter eyebrois,? in sur prinese- You should never admit ..' .:a fenadle intoy our. husdlilold unless you :receive a high testimlnciid cf ;undoubted respeetability from'r alady. Quite so hB:lie assents ; :'butfyou see, miy .-judginent vis pijetty, correct, for Myrtle has really improved in the short while she has been with her.' ' Ah, but it's without precedent!' she persisted, shaking her head dubiously. ' Where there is such studied reticence, it 'implies, a, desire to, conceal some thing. However, if Myrtli'is attached to her, that is a great consideration, 'anrd r'Itilst fajil'B h.satisfied.' , ' Noi ohdeo tlo"o good lady was sus picious'of the" silent women, who con trivd always to evade entering into any 'topic of 'conversation with her, being fearful"'of f:her: shrewd wit penetrating her secret.,- : ' ;'. , : J * " , . - \--.The woods and lanes are- now burst forth with poems of praise, their delicate green .foliagetwining wreaths of .ibeadty! tthit tti'? ' golden sunbeamis. delight to caress.' The 'fields are gay witlh cowslips, bnttercu;s, and white d'"isies-naeure's faires& jewels that 'she: plants in her diadem each happy' sun tide,umaaing Retta almost reconciled to .life ;ialthough at. times she longed to l.y 'i!s burden down,.and rest under the sweet-scented turf: ' ' ' ' 'I can eudure almost anything but that. Oh, Ever 1, how soon I am forgot for another; and she my once dearest friend, loyal Clara i' sighs Retta, as she wcatahes the pair through a leafy screan; while the feathered;. songsterse trill happy songs that seem to mock her misery, to which is now added the pangs of jealousy. :' Clars, come here!' the cpIain says, in a playful tone of gallantry, holding up a cluster of daffodils. ' The first I have seeu this spring,'--handiog them to her, while Retta's eyes I lazed with anger at his supposed defection. 'It's torture to see them together, to hear his tender words, and to catch the sparkle of love's light in her dove like eyes; but the sight has a fascina tionformethatI cannot resist, although each word and action stabs me to the heart like sharp daggers.' ' Thanks.;brother!' Clara murmurs, softly, placing them in her waistband, a radiant smile beaming in her sweet face, tinged 'ivith a sadness at the ever recurring thought that Retta should have gone so completely out of her life; though pitiful and kind to the new ·Myrtle, yet all her greater love was for the old, hence the growing bond of sympathy between her and St. Johir. Tender looks and words madden me; but his kisses on her hand drive me to frenzy, 'until, in one wild moment, I could tear off my hateful mask,' and reveal myself, although I should be driven forth once more, perhaps, with ignaminy.' Poor girl! slie little kneiw how loyal both were to her, and that they spoke of her to each other often, always with tender regret that she had severed the past so completely. "'Looking back, Everal sees Retta, and says, peevishly, 'I begin to.dis like Mrs. Newman very much. She seems to be always prying aboutrin: her ghost-like,> silent way.. She' has' just stolen away through the 'shrub bery ' Don't be hard on the poor womxan,' pleads Clara. 'I believe she is. un happy I caught her sobbing, as-if her heart were- breaking. ':Besides, she is so gentle and kind to dear Myrtle.' 'I veritably believe you invest everybody with virtues they them selves never even dream ofpossessing,' he retiurns, with a smile that Retta would have given worlds for. She hungered so for just one kiss, one word of pardon and love, crumbs .of that feast that once was hers. SClara protests against his praises v'ith'a sage little shake of her head, saying, 'Perhaps it wouldbe better if I had no such weakness. Poor Retta might have confided in me if I had hinted that Miss Carlton's statement had impressed me. Dear, erring darling ! I always think of her, and, strange to. say, my: dreams bring us together again often, only to leave me sad in' the morinig. It seems so shocking that a person should suddenly go out of your life, Heaven only knows where.' ' 'I"also dream of her!' he replies, regretfully. 'It is a complete mystery to me where she can have hidden her self. It seems that the more we strive to find her, the more futile our efforts become,' as if fate is against us.' 'Let us take your place to-day, Mrs. Newman,' says Clara, feelingly,,. one aifternoon, as she notices the listless step and jaded face of the nurse. 'I am sure you are suffering from want of rest.'. 'I am: quite well, I thank you,' she replies, in a hard constrained voice, 'whiolh'she is compelled to assunime to guard her secret. ' Do hot be offended with me,nurse. Indeed, I only wish to b'e your friend, ;and I know you are not' well;: .that, in fact,' some trouble weighs on your mind, which, if confided to a symiathizer, might bring relief.' 'You lare .very kind ;she '" 'Siays; frigidly;! but my troubles are my own. Iydo not desire to burden anyone with them .' " . ' '. .. Come, nurse, there is a good deal of,: pride in your. words,' she says,. somewhat .sadly. I once had a: dear frienid, who boie her sorrow in, silence, uiiitil it drove her away fromall who loved and might'have helped' ier.' ' Might, she says, dreamily. ' But, perhaps she thought she was un deserving even their pity, much less their love ' . . . . 'No; she ought 'to have: knownI e better. "I 'never ' trnm against anyone li hvgoice iloi'ed.' That is aThy I nIow: wish to befriend you, if you will only trust me. You have been so hutiring and devoted to Miss Fraser, whom I love because she is so like my oIdst friend.' ' Then iyoiu have forgiven. her'?' Rltta exclaims, eagerly grasping Clar s'a rin tightly :in a vise-like grip thit pains her for the mnioment and terrifies her somewhat, Before Clara can recover from her astonishment, Retta runs out of the room, muttering to herself, 'Fool that I was to place my secret in jeopardy before my mission is finished I' 'What a strange creature! She almost frightened me. I trust she too is not getting deranged in her mind. It would be a sad return for her patience and kindness.' Colonel Fraser and his friends little dreamt of the strange scenes enacted in Myrtle and her nurse's apartments when the door was locked, or their eyes would have been opened in a marvellous fashion. There, wigless and unspeotaled, sits etta, chatting of the old days, trying to make her charge remember the p'[t, playing the old tunes and sing ing snatches, softly, %of once familiar sonus. !Fo\wers, nurse-·bring me mOkel' i says MIyrtle, simply, weaving little garlanids in her slender fingers. 'Yes, dear; you shall have plenty. See, this basket is full of primroses ! Don't you. remember the school in Paris ?'--how you were crowned with these ?'--offering the demented girl a handful. 'Think ! Surely you know. me-B-Retta Newcombe, who went on board the big ship with you ?' And while Retta is talking, to coax back memory into its wonted channel, she weaves a chaplet of primrosea, watched attentively by her companion; into whose eyes there leaps a fitfhi gleam of intelligence. 'I--I 'remember these pale yellow flowers, and you; but where is nurse? I am getting frightened; I want her !' -this so piteously that tears rush into Retta's eyes, who hastily resumes her disguise, saying, 'I am nurse, and Retta, too, my darling. See, this is false,'--handing her the wig,-' and these glasses pus on and off. Don't you recollect the fire on board ship, end the storm iJust before it, when you and I kn'elt in our cabin claspedlike this, and said ' Our Father ?' ' And Retta says the simple prayer f-rvently, each word being repeated by Myrtle, over whose face there comes a ray of memory, deepening each moment until, when 'Amen!' was uttered, the past stood out vividly before her, and her poor dazed brain was relieved by a thin, crimson stream, that flowed from her delicatoly chiselled nostrils, while her hands clutch the primrose wreath. CHAPTER XII. 'MhY child ill?' gasped the Colonel, ringing the bell violently, and des patching a servant for a doctor. ' Yes; but I think when she returns to consciousness her reasofi will be restored.' 'Gopd heavens! but, should she die, I wVould be desolate again in xpy old age--wife and two children gone before!' In utter., despair he hides his face in his hands, and groans in anguish f. soul, wringing tears from her, and tempting her to 'ithrow her arms around him, and to give him a daughter's kiss, as of yore. But she recoils from the ordeal, lest he should upbraid her for her secdnd imposture, and :utterly crush her, spirit. Later, he stands by M'yrtle's side, and says, tremulously, ' Is there any. hope, doctor?' 'Yes; everyhope. ]But she must be kept undisturbed; nature is rest i'ig after a severe effort. No doubt her perfect recovery can be.relied: upon.' ' God bless you for those comfort ing words!' falters:tlhe happy father. ,Retta feels, that she' has no :further excuse to ~remiin: atdMeadow Bank now that her task of love is at an' end, unleis, indeed, she wished to 'test the nobility of her :friends by letting then know her identity firom her own lips without waiting for Myrtle f0 disclose it . - . S'Vhat can I -do, Miiss Newman, to assure you of my' lasting gratitude for the priceless servicd-you have-rendered me----------" . . ' There is nothing, thank you;' she falters; i but should I ever want assis tance I will remind you of your promise It only remains for me to say good: bye.' i ' Not yet. Remain here and make your home with Myrtle.' 'That- would be too easy a life for me,' she replies brokenly. 'Others may requiire my service.' ' At least you will permit me to offer you some slight recompense l'T--this as he hands her a check for a hundred pounds besides her quarterly moiicy. 'I cannot accept that,' she says, seso lutely, returning the cheek for the larger amount. 'I will take what is my due--nothing more. :'Zounds!' he mutters,' as she retires from thd library; 'that woman is an oddity, but worth her weight in gold. I will befriend her yet, in spite of her self.' As the time for her' depairture'nears Retta feels dejected at the prospect of once more casting in her lot with strangers, leaving love :behind'lieir for ever. 'Down, rebel hdart! Wl:athave you to do with love and honour ? Some day, when he is Clara's husband, we may meet. By then, perhaps, iI shall have learht submission. Now my very soul risesin arms whenhe, standing at her saide, looks down into her face as he used todinto mine! The bitterness of death is' nidthing to what I have passed through; hut yet I will not lay life down until He who.calls over the roll shall say to me, Come up hither!' Now to bid dear leadow Bank a last farewell I I shall never walk in these hallowed preeincts again, for my great sin will drive me for ever cet of this earthly paradise !' The house feels stifling t6 her aiid only natnre can' satisfy thelyearningu for liberty. , . Stealing out, she passes by the brook in whieh alder boughs dip, and listens to the music of the smith's hammer coming from the smithy hard by. Beyond this ihe goes on to a greater silence, to a coppice where a bright winged, angelio-tongued choir of birds acted, as choristers; and flowers, wild and clutering, distilled a. mysterious aroaa, exhilarating, satisfying. : Heoe mi.ght be seen the pale, sweet sunshine of the late-tarrying primrose, shaded overhead by fringed laIches, and young beeches twining in a natural trellis overhead, their shining leaves just bursting froin:' their yellow gloves like young maids shyly emerging from their work-day garb to don a glistening robe~ of silk. ' 'How it seems bu't yestcrday that he pressed my hand, and looked into the aates of my soul with:. love-]ideir eyes; until, fiightboned at. his, passionate glances, I flw'"b'ckho6mo to shelt'r and safety !' . 'So bitter is th retrospect, that she,j though alone' with nature, wislies to hide her anguish from even solitude. Close to a. Stalwart beech stood a poilard oak, whose sturdy body had shouldered away the undergrowth on either side, and also cleared for itself a ss?e' behindc Softly pushlng her way between' the oak and the brambles; she roached a little green interior, a haven of rest, wlihere, with out-stretched arms, and face pressed ddwnhwaords against; the grass, she gavet nt to sobs and tears. Heaven, as if pitying ?her misery, sent Everal by that way, and he, 'hear iUng her complaint, entered her sanctuary, little prepared for the joyful surprise awaiting him. Kneeling, he placed one hand gently on her shoulder, and said' ' Who are ou ?~ What is the matter?' " His voice I'-she thinks. 'Oh, this torture is more than I can bear. I will answer his question.' Risiog swiftly, 'he cdsts aside her di guise, saying 'I am :Retta New combe, a doubld impo'sioi. Go, leave me ! Do not crush mie with your pity now, as you once did with your con tempt!' uIn ano`thor fi'stint 'his loving arms are "bout her, his kisses raining down on her Cfaed as he exeia?ims, rapturously, ' Found, my' darling.!--my precious wife!" ' When Retta.returned to-Meadow Bank, softened by love's pleadings, a great discovery awaited he -one that brushed away her impostuir like a cobweb, and placed. lier in the proud positi6n of heiress to the Colonel. Mr.. Lloyd had been summoned to the .death-tied of ' lady who had been an old sweeheart of Coblonel jraser, iut whom he. had jilted in favour of his late wile. SWhen their first child was born she was placed in 'this lady's care,- the doctors having decided that she could not accompany her parents to India. Being of a revuengeful nature, the lady 'conceived the diabolical plot of assert;tng 'the 'child's death, and suc .ceededlonly too well. But fate had willed .that- the, little f undling should 'be brought into con tict with her. younger sister at the Pari;s pension, and subseclcently with her fither, in' a most mysterious fashion . " , . , : So or story ends, not with a tragedy, :bhnt with wedding bells, orange':flow?ers, and satin favours, when spring came round once more, and primroses blos somed. Clara Bingba?n, Myrtle, and Agnes Dolby are among the bridesma;ids, and Mrs. Lloyd and 'her husband are present as honoured quests. ? , Retta, afteri ll, wore the bridal veil which Mrs. -Lloyd ;had promised to present her with. SSchool children strowed primroses for "theI bride.,.to w:-alk on, and each lovely b'lirideosmaid carried a bouquet of these. pale, .yellow 'geoms;. and-- gentle Mrs. Bingham, as she kisses' the beautiful brido;e,: whispers,. 'Are you 'happy now, dear Retta?' ' Y.es; .because love has reached its perfection in primrose:time i' .7: Colonel Fraser is the happiest father in all GlChristendom ;, for though he has lost a daughteP r he has gained a son, and'Myrtle is still left to him to cheer and brighteil Meadow Bank, where, when gentle spring comes round, it is known as 'the time of primroses,' and the anniversary of a great joy. THE END. 