THE RISING TIDE. When the tide is out you may have noticed, as you rambled among the rocks, little pools with little fishes in them. To the shrimp in such a pool his foot-depth of saltwater is all the ocean for the time being. He has no dealings with his neighbour shrimp in the adjacent pool, though it may be only a few inches of sand that divide them. But when the rising ocean begins to leap over the margin of the lurking place, one pool joins another, their various tenants meet, and by-and- bye, in place of their little patch of standing water, they have the ocean's boundless fields to roam in. When the tide is out—when religion is low—the faithful are to be found insulated—here a few and there a few—-in the little standing pools that stud the beach, having no dealings with their neighbours of the adjoining pools, calling them Samaritans, and fancying that their own little communion includes all that are precious in God's sight. They forget for a time there is a vast and expansive ocean rising—every ripple brings it nearer a mighty communion, even the communion of saints, which is to engulph all minor considerations, and to enable the fishesof all pools, the Christian, the Christ-lovers of all denominations—to come together. When, like a flood, the Spirit flows into the churches, church will join to church, and saint will join to saint, and all will rejoice to find that if their little pools have perished, it is not by the scorching summer's drought nor the casting in of the earthly rubbish, but by the influx of that boundless sea whose glad waters touch eternity, and in whose ample depths the saints in heaven as well as the saints on earth have room enough to range. Yes, our churches are the standing pools along the beach, with just enough of their peculiar element to keep the few inmates living during the ebb-tide period of the church's history. But they form a very little fellowship—the largest is but little ; yet is there steadily flowing in a tide of universal life and love, which as it leaps in over the margin of the little pool, will stir its inhabitants with an unwonted vivacity, and then let them loose in the large range of the spirit's own communion. Happy Church ! farthest down upon the strand ! nearest the ocean's edge ! Happy Church whose sectarianism shall first be swept away in this inundation of love and joy; whose communion shall first break forth into that purest and holiest, and yet most comprehensive of all communions, the communion of the Holy Ghost. Would to Goi that Church were mine. 