Tile Weird Bird of the South Atlantic As the craft howls along m the boom Atlantio a new world seems to open on tha voyager. The constellation of the Southern Cross has scarcely become.familiar to him before he begins to sea animal, or rather bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this kind that can ever impress itself on the mind of man is the albatroBB. Some morning the lounger will reach tho deck and, casting his eyo in tha wake of tho ship to judgo her speed, will see a speck just above the horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantic bird, and the old sailor, conning the helm, will firufily snggeBt the faot that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, ae well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who have Been it that a brain such as Coleridge’s should havo hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, the bird will, by long, easy-going taoks, swoop up from astern until it gets within easy watohing distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then “ lay to” at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough Btook of the stranger that has in vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past the ship to port or star hoard, as tho oase may be, pass it by eeveral cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then onco more take up its post as rear guard to the procession. Nothing can ha more ghost-like than the action of tha albatross in thus j.aS3ing or being passed. No stroke of the wing occurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of the almost nninteligible cleaving of the air, is the half turn of tha bird’s head toward the ship, made as if to see what manner of beaBt this was that had come to bother it. Though sailors aro over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the saoredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the curse Cole ridge associates with its killing. The lords and ladies of the King of Dahomey's court don’t wear stockings; therefore it would be useless for Qneen Victoria to confer the garter upon any of them. They would be ap to use it for a dog collar if she did.—Norr.. Herald. ... . Stately old dame (housekeeper), during ab sence of the family, showing tho bed Queen Elizabeth sleptin. Visisob : Is it bona fide ? Dame (bridling) : No, sir; HingliBh hoak, Shakespeare remarks that “ the good men do is oft interred with their bones.” That may havo been the rulo in Shakespeare’s time, bat thp rnle nowadays is to print it in the news papers and carve it in big letters on the grave stone.—Pud;. Mistiiess (to applicant)—Yes, I want a nice French maid. The last one I had I only kept a short time, hccanse she couldn't understand English. French Maid—Ye’ll have no thrubble of that hind wid me, mum. Oi not only under stand English, but I spake it, too.—Neio York Sun. Most women .value a clear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the parity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medioated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witohing Catherine of Russia habitually .washed in Btrawberry juice; while strango "and grim tales are told about the preparation of the mysterious baths Ninon L’Enoloa is supposed to havo indulged in. Our lair sex are leBS luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on tho art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply the end of a raw potato to the face and neck by gentle rubbing. After rubbing, tho face and neck should be washed, and gentle friotion is to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the waBhBtand. One great advantage the potato seems to possess over many other Bkin beantifiers seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and over again, since it is only neoeBsary to remove a little of the outer surface and to paro off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A a ooo story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit of tying a knot in her pocket handkerchief when she wishes to fix anything in her mind whioh most be at tended to. She was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a certain occasion, and'in her abstraction dropped her handkerchief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of the house As the latter rose from her chair she atooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot “tied in one corner. “Whathave I forgotten to-day?" die aBked audibly. “ That yon have a hus band,” replied the hostess. The story was repeated, and the lady, who is a well-known member of the diplomatio cirdo, alwaya keeps ter handkerchief free from knots now.. 