OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. [BY ELFIN.] VII. DEATH. The inhabitants of Northern Europe, as revealed to us in the earliest scraps of their history, were in a certain sense heroic. They had no fear of death except such a death as might come by sickness or old age. To die a violent death was the surest passport to the palace of Odin and the feast of the gods, albeit that feast—the fruition of the old Scandinavian warriors' desires — was a daily repetition of boiled pork for dinner and unfailing supplies of beer drunk out of the horns of the ox. The man who ignominiously died of disease or old age tell into the hands of Hela, the muchdreaded daughter of the Evil Spirit (Loki), and the goddess of death, who ruled over nine kingdoms, claiming alt who died otherwise than in glorious fight" According to the Edda, " Hunger is her table, Starvation her knife, Delay her man, Slowness her maid, Precipice her threshold, Care her bed, and Burning Anguish forms the hangings of her apartments." A sentiment like the preceding not only stimulated the Northmen to bold deeds, but the contempt they held for death acted as a corrective to superstitious fear with regard to this event. This may account for the fact that there are very few popular beliefs in Western Europe, at the present time, relating to portents of death that have any more than a local prevalence, whilst the few which show a wider range seem to have had a Southern rather than a Northern origin. The very ancient notion that odd numbers are lucky, which was a superstition among the Remans, and is still generally respected in such numbers as three and seven, has a curious exception in the number thirteen. There is a widespread belief that if thirteen persons sit down lo table together there will be a death in the company before the expiration of a year. Of course numerous instances can be quoted in proof of this, and I hare seen some persons much agitated when they have discovered that they were included in such an ill-omened circle. It is difficult to account for this prejudice unless it had its origin in the Middle Ages, and has reference to the thirteen who sat down to the supper in the " Upper Chamber" a few hours before the crucifixion of Christ. When a candle has been left burning through forgetfulness in another room the saying in Norfolk is that it fortells a death in the house, the association of ideas probably being that of the old custom of burning candles by the side of a corpse. To dream of teeth dropping out is a sign of approaching death, the association again being clearly that of dissolution of the body. When a corpse remains limp instead of becoming rigid after death it indicates that another death will shortly occur in the house. If a tree blossoms out of season it is an ominous sign for the family owning it. The superstition which is prevalent in Lincolnshire, that if the Christmas decorations in a house fade before Old Christmas Day there will be a death in the family during the year, must have originated since the revision of the calendar in the sixth century. It may, however, have reference to the mythology of our German ancestors, who believed that in the twelve nights between December 25 and January 6 they could trace the per- sonal movements and interferences on earth of Odin and other of their principal deities. Some persons and families have death omens peculiar to themselves which come to be recognised as such and much dreaded. These signs are often some sort of apparition, or knockings and mysterious noises which occur without any apparent cause. When living a few years ago in a quiet Northumberland village a neighbour not far from us was veiy much alarmed one evening by loud knockings which seemed as though the glass over the front door was being smashed, although no such damage was done. The next day the lady of the house received word that her brother had died the day before, and of course at once associated the death of her relative with the mysterious noises she had heard. My mother once told me that she almost invariably received indications of death in the family by seeing mourning in one shape or another in her dreams; one instance of such I remember was a pair of black gloves suspended, the dream being immediately followed by the news that my grandfather had suddenly died. Most savages have a notion that everybody has a sort of dual personality, a visible and an invisible self. This secondary or " othereelf " often leaves the body for a time and then returns to it. It is generally invisible, but under special circumstances it may be seen. There is something very like this belief in survival among the Celtic and Germanic peoples dating from the remote past, and is by no means extinct in some parts of Britain at the present time. In many parts of Ireland, Scotland, and the North of England, for a person to see his own "wraith," "waff," or "fetch," as it is variously called, denoting by the term a spectre carrying his own features, is an ominous sign of his approaching end. To see the wraith of some acquaintance, or to hear their voice speaking when not visibly present, is a sign of fatal significance. Hundreds of instances are on record where the seeing of a wraith was coincident with the death of the person whose features the spectre bore. Calmet tells the story that when William Rufus met his untimely end whilst hunting in the New Forest his friend, the Earl of Cornwall, saw his " fetch" carried on a black goat across the Bodmian moors, and noticed that he was wounded in the breast. Soon after he received the information that the King had been slain by the arrow of Walter Tyrrel at the very hour when he had seen the apparition. Sailors are very superstitious in omens of this nature and believe in a phantom ship, "The Flying Dutchman," which is often seen before a calamity or death on board. One of the latest instances of this kind is given in the lately published work of the young Princes of Wales, " The ^Cruise of the Bacchante," in which we are told that when they were in Australian waters this wraith of a ship was seen one night crossing the bows of the vessel, and was witnessed by no less than thirteen persons in all. In a few days the lookout man, who first reported the mysterious ship, and the Admiral in command, both met untimely deaths. If a person dies "hard," with much struggle and contortions of the face in the moments of death, these are taken as indications of a bad conscience in the sufferer. The friends are gratified if they can sey "he died without a struggle." Such disquietude may, however, be occasioned by the presence of pigeons' feathers in the bed or pillows on which the dying person rests, it being a generally received opinion that a person cannot die on a bed where the least quantity of the feathers of this bird are found. When death seemed to be delayed and hard upon the sufferer it was formerly the custom to remove the pillows, and if this did not answer to remove the dying person on to the floor or to another bed, the fatigue imposed by such a removal being generally sufficient to cause death to quickly follow and thus establish the prejudice. The missionary John Williams says that the Fijians believe that the spirit of the departed may be brought back by calling lustily after it. It may be nothing more than a coincidence, but a woman from the North of Ireland told me the same thing with regard to the departed, and cited an instance where one of her relatives had closed her eyes in death, but the screams of the friends around the bed "brought the spirit back again,' and she temporarily revived. My informant deprecated this custom, as phe considered . it was only prolonging the agonies of the dying. The same person told me that it was customary in her parts, on the occasion of a death, to tlirow all the doors and windows open ; the original intention of this act was no doubt to give free egress for the spirit from the house to the open heavens. Sir Henry Ellis has remarked the same custom as prevailing in Devonshire. In attending several funerals in the rural parts of the North of England I observed that the custom was to stop the clock and cover the looking-glasses with a cloth, or otherwise remove them from view whilst a corpse was in the house. No person can enter the chamber of death without some feelings of awe and a quickened imagination : especially is it so with ill-informed and superstitious persons, who under such circumstances are prepared to convert shadows into spectral forms. It is indeed given as a reason for the practice of covering up the lookingglasses that were this not done, and the glasses to be used, they would see the dead person looking over their shoulder in the glass. It is a very old English notion that, when a person has been murdered, if the murderer be brought to the corpse and made to touch it the wounds would bleed afresh. This has a close relation to the barbarous system of trial by ordeal, and, indeed, this test of corpse-touching was once recognised in English law as good evidence against an accused person. There is a saving in Lincolnshire that when viewing" a corpse the person ought to touch the body, or otherwise the corpse will trouble them in their dreams, which appears to be the modified form of the murder test, the touch in such cases signifying good will. This was no unimportant matter when, as is generally supposed in a low state of culture, most deaths are caused by witchcraft. There is something about a corpse as it lies cold, helpless, and ghastly which affects the imagination like nothing else. It is suggestive of the nearness of the spirit world. The savage recognises in the dead body of his chief or enemy something widely different from the warrior he had known and dreaded. What iB left in the form of a helpless body is not the man he had known, but the rejected wrappings of his outer life—the real person has left the body and has joined the manes of the departed, and although invisible, he is still present and powerful to work mischief. The fear of vengeance from the departed spirit dictates suitable rites and respectful treatment of his corpse. Ideas like these with regard to the dead have had a long survival, and still play upon the imagination of thousands in the most civilized countries. We have not to step many generations backward to find these ideas intensified into superstitions which were associated with usages closely resembling those now in vogue among many savage tribes. The soul of the deceased was believed to linger around the scenes of his life and last hours, and until his bones were laid to rest with such ceremonies as had been consecrated by the established usages of his people, or in harmony with his religious beliefs, he might trouble the survivors. These considerations are at the root of numerous old English customs relating to the treatment of the body after death, as well as the inevitable "ghost story" which was formerly attached to every spot where a violent death hadoscurred. The "Lyke-Wake" (A.S.—Corpse-watching) has been an established custom throughout Northern Europe from time immemorial. The object was to watch the corpse from the moment of death till its burial, so that no sinister effects might be produced by the spirits, who were supposed to be peculiarly active whilst an unburied corpse was in the house. With this intent a plate of salt was placed upon the breast of the deceased, and if need be other means had to be adopted to prevent the ghosts from using the corpse as a medium of strange manifestations. To keep up the courage of the watchers on these occasions refreshments were distributed, with liberal potations of whissy, which soon developed into a bacchanalian feast, with great abandonment and lewdness. In the days of Edward L laws were 'enacted to restrain the excesses of these wake gatherings, but they retained much of their objectionable features in Scotland and Ireland almost to our own time. The better state of society in the present, however, has toned down to a great extent the improprieties of these gatherings, which are still held in some places ; and even where there is no formal "wake" held it is customary "to sit up with the corpse candles are burnt all night and salt is placed on the corpse, or in some way distributed about the room, " to prevent," as is commonly said, "the body from swelling.' The old Scandinavian warrior was buried with his armour and weapons and sometimes with his favourite horse or dog, the wine cup of his feasts, and other valued objects which gave him pleasure in life, and which by burial, it was supposed, he carried with him to minister to his desires in the life beyond. In a similar way the Australian aboriginals when they bury their friends put into the grave with the body the weapons and other property belonging to the deceased. To appropriate these things by the living would be unlucky, whilst to put them in the grave was to supply the deceased with the means of making his way in the other world. The idea of supplying the dead with comforts for their journey and equipments corresponding to their grade, on their entering the spirit state, is almost universal in certain states of culture. Some of the Emperors of China have had costly palaces built replete with every luxury and fitted up in a way so as to anticipate every desire of the most epicurean taste, and then on completion the whole has been burnt to the last thread, it being transmitted, in the popular imagination, by means of fire to the spirit world, where it is henceforth appropriated by the royal magnate to whom it was addressed. The foundation idea in these customs is that inanimate things have souls, or an immaterial counter-part, as well as living things, and that these immaterial equivalents can be carried by the person lately deceased into a spirit condition. We do not go the length of the old Scandinavian and German warriors in our funeral rites of to-day, but we keep up a show of the ancestral customs in our placing the modern "warrior" to rest with "military honours." The helmet and sword of the deceased are borne to the grave on the coffin, whilst the favourite charger is led saddled but unmounted in the rsar. In China it is thought sufficient to simply put into the coffin the symbols of the objects intended, as stamped metallic tinsel instead of money which passes into current coin in the other world, and after a time the money symbols can be removed from the graves and utilized again. It has also been a custom in Western Europe to put a candle and a piece of money in the coffin with the dead—the former to light his way through the darkness, and the latter to pay the inevitable " fee" of admittance to paradise. How curiously the same idea will associate itself with different religious beliefs on the same plane of mental culture. The old Greeks were careful to put a silver coin in the mouth of their dead friends to pay Charon, the spiritual ferryman, whose province it was to ferry them over the rivers in the nether regions. His charge was an obolus—a very moderate price certainly for so important a duty—but Charon was inexorable for his rights. The unfortunate dead who had not the prescribed coin was left to wander on the wrong side of the tide. The German and Irish peasants, who to-day put a piece of silver in the mouth or hand of the dead they are about to bury, give us contemporary illustrations of a custom which has been of universal prevalence, and show survivals of a low state of mental culture through which even the most enlightened nations have passed. The New Zealand chiefs who oidered the sacrifice of their servants at their death so that these domestic slaves could minister to their masters' wants in a spirit state, and the immolation of the widows of the Hindus that they might join their departed husbands in another world, are terrible accompaniments of this belief. The same notion is embodied in the feasts for the dead, as in the hilicernium of the Romans, when food was placed at the grave with the idea that the dead would partake of it. This feeding the dead at stated intervals is also a cosmopolitan custom, and is, at times, offered in sacrifice to the deceased first and afterwards consumed by the living. It is only the very poor, however, who consume such offerings. This may have been the origin of the old English custom of bidding the poor to funerals, and distributing among them cakes kmvra as the " funeral dole." In the North of England, at the present tim®, " the bidding" to a funeral is a marked feature, and is carried out by a special messenger, who is dressed with silk hatband and scarf, and carries a very general invitation. When thejparty assembles on the day of the funeral all arc offered a piece of cake and glass of wine before they start for the grave. Offerings to the dead would carry a sacred character, and from such a feeliDg of reverence it would be but a short step to religious rites and a recognition of the worship of ancestors which was recognised as a religious cult among the more advanced nations of antiquity. 