City Chat. BY THE FARCEUR, The present Session still drags its weary length along, as barren of any good results as a nest of addled eggs. Just as Sir Patrick Jennings had tickled our hungry ears with his financial state- ment, Sir Henry trooped up with his New Hebrides grievance and turned the tide of affairs into a different channel altogether. Listening to the debate on this burning question on Tuesday night one could not be otherwise than fully impressed with the idea that those who understood the matter least had the most to say about it. The evidence tendered by hon. members was as contradictory as that usually heard at our Police Courts, when a too venturesome publican is hauled along to the judgment seat on a charge of Sunday selling. Mr. O'Sullivan, for instance, declared that England had no right to these coveted isles whatever. They were discovered in 1606 by the Portugese, and nearly a century after that the Spaniards had attempted to open shop there, but found the busi- ness done wouldn't pay for candle lighting. Since then the Hebrides have been kicking about at the mercy of any power that pleased to claim them, and Mr. O'Sullivan's opinion was that it would be better for them to remain as they are. Mr, Abigail, however, told a different tale. For nearly 40 years the New Hebrides were connected with New Zealand, and both places were recognised as British possessions ; each Governor appointed being honored with the title of "Governor of New Zealand and the New Hebrides," This seems to give England some sort of right to claim their possession now, and no one would ever usurp that claim unopposed whilst Frawncis Abigail was able to wag a tongue, or wield an awl, Mr. Kidd considered that the islands were not worthy of occupying the attention of the master intellects of the colony then assembled; (tremendous cheering all round) they were too far away to hold Saturday afternoon land sales thereon, and the country itself was so poor that even a crow, or a Scotchman, would starve upon it. Mr, Abigail knocked this statement clean out in one round by pointing to the official fact that between 1871 and 1880, inclusive, the trade done with the New Hebrides amounted to the tidy total of £6,486.936, Of that sum New South Wales raked in £,4,874,000, Victoria, 272,000, Queensland, £80,000, 'and New Zealand, £1,253,000. This seemed to be a clincher aud even tlie bitterest opponents of the great little' man;admitted that, although ho doesn't, know enough about English grammar to. keep himself warm, still he managed to make one of thesoiindest speeches yet delivered on this island question. V /. # -5W • Some one having lugged in the assertion that the New Hebrides trouble 'was occasioncd by the sectarian' dilfetonccs of the various missionaries now settled on the islands, the Hon..Dan O'Connor "tuk th' (lure," and denied tho allegation in the same fierce terms that he defied the allegator. There was nothing "jaynil" about Dan on this occasion; whatever, but :ho slashed into the Govern- I merit for its cowardly yielding up of all claims, to the Hbbrides in a style calculated to make the Ministers shiver out' of th'eir official ''clothes*1 The general opinion seems to be that it would bo a suicidal act on-tho, jjartjOff.AustraJiia to allo*y,any more, of the 'islands which surround her, to be jumped by' foreign powers,' for the day will1 yet arrive .when these islands will become, (if allowed to pass into foreign hands) a standing mcnaco to 'us all. The'assurance that Franco will not' cni't' her convicts to' the Hebrides 1 is'; not •'worth a moment's- consideration. Tlio present French Ministry- may bo sincere in- all-they, say, but in France'they change Governments almost as soon as wc do .ourselves, and the very next batch of rulers elected ;-mny ship' oil!; the scum; of ;the, land,/ in thousands, lb become our next floor neighbors.' In: any case, it will be many a long year before wo can hope,to have,any thing.liken,.proper defence.along 'our vast seaboard, and if. trouble;.should1".arise,>thc islaudskeattercd arouud would be so ■many koysi to open onr^gorcs to the,enemy. Too much importance cannot'bo given to this matter, aiid if wo do Hot wish to hear our posterity cursing us as we lay in J our.silent graves (as the V jaynil" would say), we must insist on Sir Patrick Jenning's cablegram being recalled. J [Sir Henry Parkcs' motion on tnis subject was negatived by a majority of 50 to 31,— isD.Ni t.j. . .. « # " * ! The Hon, Dob Smith lias had the-indignity of a ■ public banquet thrust upon him, but ho bore the infliction without a murmuiv -The affair seems to have been one high old joke from start to finish, but thou, for,tlio matter of that,} it was ho! doubt I quite as sincerely tendered as tho' majority 'of'such I senseless shivoos are.- •>^prppa»;pt Dob, tho follow ing story shows that tho politicians, like tho policeman's! life'is not a lmppy oiio. Whatever tho great little 11. B.'s faults are, lie lins always done his levol bust to secure a fair whaok of tho Govern ment loaves and fishes for his olectorate, aud; it is hard,, therefore, to fiud the irony of fate so1 directed as to wound him through ouc of his own good deeds. Notlong ago,' the town of Kemp oy was honored with that no plus ultra of a couutry town's ambi tion, a brand now,1'twt and ^Telegraph Office.*- Tho fatted bullock was.knocked on the hond and oojen half raw, tho streets...flowed with snake juice and tangle, and Kompsoy donned its good clothes, and modo no end of ft splurge to do honor , to the glad occasion. -The Hon. Bob was, of eour30,;ths hero of the hour, and everything was sailing along as slick as.a fat boy falling' down a collar .vhon . a crusher came that damped all. tho Hon. H,. B's; glory, It was ;to- his untiring ■ efforts- .that this, gorgeous structure was erected, nud yet (I shudder as I write tho words) the first message flashed through from ith'b' now office' was one 'Asking tho Attorn'oy-G bnoral to issue a.matidumus to compel certain magistrates to issue suinmbuscs in a charge of alleged-porjury over tho lato election, against the august Mr. 11. 11. Smith, himself. ' Tho onglo who found; one of its own fcathois on tho .arrow that brought its death wound couldn't h'avo felt1'inoro orumpod;; up than Bob did over this ungrateful-business, and wo cau ..well.bolievo the account wlncli says ho covered his head with ins own blue, bog,' nud sinking, oii tho now Post Officesteps oxclaimed, " O Trumpery! O Moses I " ' ■' • . •. ' ' * , * # ' Amongst tho distinguished ariivals of ,thls,\ycok I notice the name of Father. Ilea, otherwise, Mr. ox bank-managor Holt,'who, after trying in vain to tear,himselftfrom his own doar Sydney, now; admits that tho lies which bind liini to tlio place' aro too strong for' hiin; to sever.- - Tho' obliging dctootive who accompanied him down is of the, same opinion' also; 'anil it is thcro'fore safe to say that wb will bo favorod ' with Mr. Holt's :pre.?ence hero a little longer, Ono of tho strangest points about Holt's affair is tlio fact that no ono seems to bo'oblo to say for curtain whether his alleged defalcations total £50,000 or 50,000d., in fact, from the stylo tho first charge against him was iiaudled, it would not surprise some of ns ill he managed to wriggle out o£ the whole trouble through some of the many legal loopholes which money ami influence enn Bccurc. How these things are worked, was plainly shown in the case of the good and holy Mr. Crooks, of Adelaide, whose bedroom was profusely decorated wilh scriptural quotations such as '• Thou shult no4 steal," and the like, and who lias caused more misery and ruin about his part than an active earthquake could. In his defence, this polished hypocrite told the judge he could not hope for the least leniency j lie deserved the full pcualty of the law which his misdeeds deserved, and he was willing to make all the atonement in his power Pecksniff himself couldn't improve on that lot. The real truth, however, is that while this arch-humbug was putting up this penitent plea lie knew perfectly well he could not receive the just punishment ho deserved, because, as Chief Justicc Way pointed out, he was found guilty of embezzling £5000 only, and eight years is the heaviest sentence that can be inflicted for this. As a matter of fact, howevcri this real total of his swindling came nearer to £100,000, and the Chief Justice, in passing sentence, said, ''If you had been called upon to plead to a certain other information, I should have felt it my duty not to refrain from a very consider able increase of punishment." 'The information referred to was laid, but for somo unexplained reason or oilier, it was subsequently withdrawn! and justicc was defrauded of ill just dues. Some clause was evidently selected from the South Australian codc of laws under which the mucreant could escape with, a comparatively light sentence, and it is a sliamc, and ft disgraco to that colony, to know that whilst it ladles out 15 years to an ignoiant "bushy" who bails a man up ond cases him of a pound, a holy hypocrite, like Orooks, can lift £100,000 andescapc with alittle more than half the poor " busby's " sentence, Our care now should bo that we do not slip up in a similar manner. # # # Whatever Mr. Holt's abilities as a financier may be, he is certainly a very small pumpkin in the way of faking up a good, disguise, and skipping from a country where the climate,happens to be too tropical :for a delicate constitution. In the first place, the name lie assumed, •' Father Ilea," was a bad oue, because, on looking over the list of Catholic clerici, !it was found that there was no one of that name in Australia. Had ho called himself Father O'Flynn, or O'Brien, or Murphy, or any other good old Irish name, ho would not have given rise to so much suspicion as ho did, but for that matter, lie bungled the whole thing from start to fluish. As a sample of how little ho knew of Catholic afiairs, I may mention that lie put up at the Great Northern Hotel, Newcastle, on his juuruey, and came down to breakfast dressed in his clerical costume on a certain Friday—aud a Friday in Lent above all others. Being seated at the end of tlio table farthest from the caivcr, that gentleman called out rather loudly, " What shall I help you to, Father ltea?" And then the reply camc back quite as loudly, " Steak and onions, please." Every eye round that tabic instantly glared at the supposed Catholic cleric who so openly defied the rules of his church, and for a few moments a silence settled do>vuon all so great thatoncebuld hoorevenannpkin ring. Mr. Holt has been 'Admitted to bail, and I presume his many, friends,will rally, up and honor liim with a public banquet before lie again departs from the scones of his past gay times. How liis two bank bondsmen feel is not known, but as the giog in his cellar is valued at £1000, the best thing they can do, if things go to the worst, is to sei/.e on that/and drowii their sorrows drinking success to the lime when •'we three shall meet again," .'"'--v' '■ * # *\ jj |Our list of lecturers lias rccoivcd two important additions of lute in the' shapely shape of a Mis*, Edith b'Goimon, who poses as an "Escaped Nun)'', and the other arrival is Mr!.0.13. Junes, not wholly . unknown to fame,across the border. Miss Edith's style of'chat, "Tlio Abuses of. Convent Life,", is always a certain draw in Sydney, and the announce, uient of "'one night' fur hulioV only" creates a cuiiosity in J ho malo breast to be present which is simpiy maddening, llumor says that soma of tlio most curious of the sterner sex have determined to 'treat themselves to a penny shave, dress tip in the awfully mysterious rig of woman, aud troop in and devour the wholo of the'spicy details delivered. Miss Edith's first flutter .was a decided success, so far as the scooping in of the " root of all evil" or tlio glittering goldj is concerned, for a.shingle' with "rio more room." ohalked.thercqu had to;be hoisted long before Edith hauled up her breezy curtain. If her talc is true, St. Paul himself never suffered ■halt,i&roach; for conscience, siike, in fact not;'evon Chiniquy.himself can show a hotter record in this •lino! but at the same time it is only fair to say that when Miss O'Gormoulectured in New York and Boston, somo of the lcadiug journals' there flatly contradicted 'hor; statements, Aand ■ charged her openly with corlaili acts which few ladies,' and cerfahily no. good nuns, would ever think of 'doing. Anyway,- it is doubtful'if lectures of the stylo delivered by Miss Edith aro productivo of the least good to anyone oxccpt the spoutors themselves. No one. thinks anything about the business a week after the orations liavo been delivered, and at the lime tUey'^iroJn'jittll.'blnsfc'ithoy. onlyj add to the Bcnsoloss sectarian troubles which are already far too common amongst us. • * #• #, ' i The lectures of Mr. C. E'.; Jones, howovcr, arc both interesting and amusing,1 but ho doesn't draw nearly so well os Miss O. Gortiau — in fact I don't know of anything oxcopt a !l-star mustard poultice-that would. On Monday night Mr. Jones: tocuhed, up the Mormaiis on the raw, ond completely burst upjany chance, that giddy crowd might' liavo of settling down amongst, us. Amongst other good stoics Mr. • Jones told one of Joe Smith'the Mormpn fo'uuder, who oncc undortook to rival St. Peter and walk upon-Uid waters.' Not being acquainted with either the sainU, or even Huulau's method of performing this aquatic feat,Joe was in a state of funk when the lime for the show arrived, but dually saved him elf by explaining that to make it a success it was not only ueccssary that lie should have faith, but that all present initst have"faith ;in his power as well. A show of hands being taken it was found that the whole of his flock had the roquisito belief,;upon which the nrtfiil Joe coolly observed "As you nil have faith in ray power! it is no use tempting Provi-, douce for a sign, " after which lie walked off with a: man wlio'said he knew where there .was udiuncd good day's fishing . # # " Another of .Tones' little jekes tells of the time when the daring Mi\ Smith entered the pulpit and deliberately announced that " tho Holy Ghost would descend on his head in tho form of a dove." Every one immediately gaped in silent awo, but as no dove nut in an appearance Joo made the same announce ment in a louder lono. This was repeated for the fifth time, aud still no.dove descended, but at tho sixth declaration a trap door, just over the pulpit, opened, and instead of tho milk-white dovo a coal black darkey's head was poked down, and the owner yelled " Massa 1 guess dat dar Holy Ghost business won't kim ofl terday, Dcr dam cat lies '/one an' cat da I pidr/con." And yet, even after this fiasco, the miserable mudhcads lielil on to their belief in nrtful Joe aud Mormonisin. * *- # Good stories have often been fired oil touching the non-official relations between volunteer officers and the men under tliem, but the following is the best I can think of to day. In a certain town in a certain colony, there was a well-lo-do irishman, who was a large landholder, engaged as full private in a corps in which one of his tenants officiated aa sergeant major, On one special occasion, when the eyes of the world were turned on this valiant sijimd as tlicy marched along in fierce array, the sergeant-major policed with horror that the full private in question whs pulling away at a little black dudcen, as coolly as if he was seated iii his own back yard. When h° recovered from liis surprise, the officer walked, took the pipe from the offender's mouth, and thundered out: " Private O'Toolc, 1 '11 report, you for smoking in the ranks." •' Will you do that same now ?" rcr plied the O'Toole,—" Thin be jabers, av y' do oi'll raise yer rint." Strange to say that report was never scut in, nud the O'Toolc smokos the same little pipe at the present day. Such an incident couldn't possibly happen here, but wo could go mighty near to it at times. 1 • 1 . 