The IMtltntion Samoa. Tbe Be". Mr. Uamm m formally instituted a* rector of the parish of Warwick by the I'Eight Re*. Dr.Webber,' Bishop of' Brisbane, ot a special service held in St. Mark'* ud Thursday evening. The Bishop arrived by the 3 40 train on Thursday afternoon, and was met at the station by the Hector, the fiev. Mr. Wool ton, and the Nominators. There was a very large congregation at St. Mark's in the evening;, including a fair eprink ling _ of raembera of other Protestant com munions. The service consisted of the ordinary even ing service to the end of the third collect, which was followed by " the office for the institution of a priest to a cure of souls." The Kev. Mr. Wootton, the new incumbent, and the Bishop having entered by the western door and advanced in the order named to the ohancel, and taken up their respective posi tions, the service commenced. The prayers were read by the Bev. Mr. Wootton, and the' special lessons for the occasion by the Bishop, Special Psalms and hymns were sung by the choir, Miss E. Marlay presid'ng at the organ. At It e conclusion of that part of the ordinary service used on the occasion, the Bishop, seated in bis chair before the Lord's table, addressed the congregation as follows i " Dearly beloved in the Lord, Thomas Wil liam Batntn. elected to be Pastor of this Church and Parish, is present bere to enter upon his office. But first i t is requisite that he should take th<» Oath of Allegiance to our Sovereign Lady the Queen and her successors; and the Oath of Cauunical Obedience to the Bishop of the Diocese;,and also raike the Declaration of Assent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion and the Book of Common Prayer; and the Declaration against Simony : all which I now call upon him to do in tb» presence of this congregation." The oaths were then recited and made l>y the new In cumbent in the face of tho congregation, whereupon the Uisbopdelirored a short exhor tation, beseeching those present to pray con- i tinually for the minister allied to the spiritual oversight of the parith and to " assist hltn with all their power in the duties of his holy calling.'' The Lord's Prayer, a hymn, and three fhort special prayers followed, after which the Bishop, still seated in hia chair, addressed the new incumbent (kneeling fiefore him) in the following wotds" ' In tbe name of the Father and of the Spn and of the Holy Ghost. A men.' I, William Thomas Thorn hill, Bishop of Brisbane, do hereby give thee, Thomas William Kamm, Institution and Mis sion and Cure of Souls as Pastor of this Parish, and authority to preach the Word and to administer - tbe Sacra ments herein." Having'presented a bible to, and laid bis hands upon him, the Bishop led the incumbent to his stall ani inducted him, saying in a loud voice: "O praise tbe Lord for His goodness, and declare the wonders that He doeth for the children of men. Exalt Him also in tbe congregation of the people, and praise Hitn in tbe seat of tbe elders." The BISUOP then, after tbe singing of a hymn, entered the pulpit and delivered a lengthy and eloquent address, which occupied nearly an hour. His Lorasbip took for his text Kevelation iv., part of the first verse i " And behold a door was opened in heaven," and Kevelation iii, part of tbe eighth verse : " Behold I have set before thee an open door." He dealt flrnt in a general way with the door of opportunity that was open to tbe church in this age. Then, passing on to refer to the service vhi-jh the congregation had jUBt wit nessed he exhorted the members of tbe Church in the moBt earnest language to individually and collectively support the new incumbent. In a young colony like this the people were apt to (live too much of their attention to the things that are natural, and to forget tbe things that are spiritual; and so too, in a country where there was no Establishment, where the maintenance (if the Ctmrcb de pended almost entirely on the voluntary offer ings of it* members, there was a tendency on the part of individuals to treat their clergy, man na ah employe, to be turned adrift the moment be failed to do exautly what they thought nun right and proper. But he would put it to tho congregation present in the HtroiiKebt teruis, that it was their duty to take full adv«otege of the dtjor of opportunity now opened liy tbe coming amongtt them of a new clergyman; let them forget any trifling dif | ferencer, anything in the mtura of di»oord, | bat bad occurred in the put, and come for ward to tbe lupport of their new pastor. A clergyman charged with tbe spiritual over | eight of a pariah like Warwick Kaa under a great responsibility, and it was tbe individoul and collective duty of tbone committed to bia charge tn support him in bis efforts to worthily sustain that responsibility. Before leaving tbe pulpit Hia Lordship an-, nouneed that the collection would be in aid of the Mission Clergy Filed, hut the amount contributed would be devoted to a fund for providing the stipend of a second clergyman for the Warwick district, whoso duty it would he tn aupply the apiri'ual wants of the dlatriots of Killarney, Swan Creek, Sandy Creek, Darkey Flat, and the various otber, centres in what was known as tbe Parochial District.. H.> was very anxious that this work should be tbkeo up vigorously with as little delay a* possible, and that the work of tbe whole parish should lie established on % firm footing. A hymn was then sung, and a abort prayer having been offered up by tbe incumbent, tbe Bishop gave the benediction, and tbe eerrioe, . which had occupied nearly two boura, closed. 