THE SUNKEN TREASURE. ' And if he is on his knees. why shouldn't 'he? There have been as good men as he on their marrow bones to ladies-ay, and to plain women, too, nobodies as they may appear to you, Mr. Jackanapes afore now !' the cook remarked, indignantly commenting, not on the intelligence, but on the saucy laugh siuh which Orlando gave out what he called the bullytin of progress.' ' More fools the)y, then, I say, to go down on their knees to any woman for nothing ! why, if he weren't blind, can't he see as plain as the nose on his face, that he has only to ask and have ?' said Orlando. 'Oh, indeed ! I suppose you haven't fonnd that the case with all females ingeneral, Mr. George !' said the lady's-maid, with a toss of the head. 'Miss Sarah Hopkins to wit !' observed the cook. .'Well, I'm glad there are some women yet- as have the spirit to make a stand against the men, and tell them what they think of them ! It did my heart good to hear Sarah over the wall the other night, when they was drawing the water for the geraniums: you didn't hear it, Polly, but it would have done you good. Says she, I don't believe anything a man can tell me, not if he were to take his Bible oath upon it ! There's some sense in that, I say. 'There's as good fish in the sea as ever was caught, I'm sure,' reslponded Polly. Another toss of the head. ' Ah, but everybody ain't got the nack of. catching them i and there are 19ots ofchockneys can. hook a gudgeon that csn never biring him to land l' retorted Orlando, standing on his defence against.both of his lair assailants. ' Therei rnow don't get clhaffing one another' this eveninig7: can't we :agree, aind grace will corihe u. pon u.s? We shall have .some nice things down for supper in a moment, to stop our mouths,' said the:pacific coadhman. ' I shall put everything by: I shan't stand anbther of her rows about wittols-she. looks after a cheese pairing ' said the cook, with an air of determination. ' So, if you're going to have a feast to-night, you can stand it at your own expenses !' 'As Mr. Orlando did the othernight, when we bad Miss Hopkins in to supper, and stood the oysters. We ought to have had'a brickbat ready,'cook, when his heart was so 'open,'"said the lady's-maid. ' ' I'd have cracked is and shut it up again, if you had put an iron wice in, Poll9 i'.' jeered Orlando, who had his own suspicions of the state of his fair antagonist's affections. Polly burst into tears. The fat housemaid laughed, While Mary Maiinders. exclaimed with indignant 'ity, 'Well,' Polly, I am ashamed of you l' To care anything about what unfeeling men say tb you ! You must be made of soft stuff ![Why, I [wouldn't 'give a.toss of a pancake for the best man that ever went on two:legs i! ' 'Do.you think he can get up again,. with out assistance, . George ?'. philos-plbised' the coachman; making a puffing 'iboise witli his lips, though a pipe awas :altogether: out of the&qtiestion.; 'Why, he's grown uncommoi.:corpulentf with the tuckouts we've given him !' said Orlando. -' But if he can't lift hliimself, 'I shall have t6" go to LoIn'don Docks for a crane, that'sal.'. ;.a i: I ,Bringit home in a cab, then; they wori't overcharge'you;iwhen they know who it's for!' said the' choachmani; ini witty allusion to the chronic state of war in which Sir Richard was known to iwlle titl ?at:fratenity, of whose. vetiicles he fre'qiiently made use to save his own state carriagefrom too constant a friction with the traffic of the city. ' What a time'they are eating.; we shan't have supper to-night !' lamented the page. 'They ain't eating; they're making love,' said Orlando. 'Well;'why can't they. send the victuals down all tlfe saine ?' whimpered the poor boy, w(vho understand too litile of, the tiender passion to' be aware how nieglectful it is apt to grew of comnioni-place proprieties. At this moment the bell ruog vehemently. 'I wonderwliat's the ilatter ? ':said Orlandbo, quite calmly. ' " ' Water. !, bring up some, water here I, cried'the alarmed voice of Sir.Rich ird at this moment at the top' of the strairs. .'.Missus:'has:fainted ! 'Oh, 'you wicked man !':ejaculated the cook. 'Have you got, a jug,. Polly, Polly ? .You missus is faiited !' said Orlando, playfully extending his hand tn token of reconcilation to the lady's.maid. She flung it disdainfully away. 'Get it yourself, you conceited coxcomb, you!' 'Water ' thundered Sir Richard at this moment; and the household rushed about in confusion to obey; Mrs. Snodgrass had fainted, but she wa's recovering wheni Orlando entered the room with the water. 'No no I I am .only overcome by-Oh, Sir Richard l:this goodness I this unexampled goodness l Such a jointure on me-with my private fortune!' she coricluded, observing Orlando, ' How shall I ever repay your goodness ?' 'Thursday next, then, my dear Mrs. Snod grass ?' 'On Thursday next !' And thus it was arranged. The wedding was to take place on Thursday next. Blackader earnestly approved of all that had been done when he came to ascertain the particuldrs of what had happened' from Mrs. Snodrass. But he was most unpleasantly struck with the intelligence concerning the existence of a grandson and heir of the Berkshire entail. He advised the widow by all means to ascertain the facts of the case, if possible. 'Sir Richard will still be an excellent match, even if it should turn out there is such a bantling'! and we must secure him in the first place, for he might take a fancy to the boy, and one of his principal motives for running his head into the noose will be taken away !' counselled Blackader. 'I. knew you could get him whenever you chose, my dear girl! W?ho can resist you, when you make up your mind to win ?' Mrs. Snodgrass accordingly ascertained the corroborations of her informant, Mrs. Belton's account, and ieturned, a good deal depressed, foom the interview. 'Shall I tell Sir Richard where I have been, and what I have heard ? 'Most certainly. Don't you see how much mnore disinterested and handsome, your resolution to have him at once 'will now appear to him? I'll1 bet you.a trifle that he increases your jointuire out' of sheer defiance I On my part I'll persuade him-and' perhaps it really is the case--that the whole story is a trumped-up fable of the Beltons and Walter and his wife, to try and swindle him out of his money, or to' annoy him because they have heard of his intentions to marry again !' Nothing could exceed Sir Richard's exasperation when he 'received Mrs. Snod" griss's report. Coupling ywhat' he heard' ith much that he remembcredof the demeanour ot his victim son, on the occasion of his marriage with Lady Sybella, he was led to infer that there might possibly be some foundation for the extraordinary statement. With all his prejudices against him, the banker knew his son Walter's word might be taken where the oaths of other men could resonably be doubted. And Walter was now brought forward as the evidence of the existence of his grandson. If so, why had this boy been Ikept so carefully concealed from him, his natural, or at all events, legal guardian ? Sir Richard conscientce answered-but not at all in soothing tones. : Theinklings, it suggested, in spite of every effort-to shut them out, of Waiter's motives stiirred all the gall in his rancorous compo sitioni. He was then to be compelled to receive a stranger as his heir-a youth brought up doubtless on opposite principles and ideas to his own-perhaps in hatred and contempt of himself. *@On the other side, Blackader incessantly urged upon him the all-but certainly that the whole story was a fabrication, a product of the crafty and underhand designs of the Beltons, and of his second - son. They intended to thrust some imposter upon him, he maintained, whom they had, doubtless, completely under their sway, or with whom they were to divide the spoil, which they feared was about to escape for ever from them ! Fo~ithere was every reason to expect that Sir Richard would have heirs of his own, by.the marriage he was about to contract. Heaven would take part against those rapacious adventures! At the very best, it could only be the-faction was pushing forward some ill.gitimate son of the captain's, possibly with forged documents to :support him, as the true heir ! The captain had his faults very possibly, as a young man. • And whein they looked at dates, any other supposition was ahbstird. The conspirators, he urged, admitted their pretender was not yet of age; but it was up ward of twenty years since Captain Graham married Sybella. Sir Richard was advised to take legal proceedings, to ascertain what was intended, but, meanwhile his marriage with Mrs. Snod grass was not to be delayed. The latter in'sisteld on it, as .a proof of the exclusively :peisonal nature of. her attachment. Sir Richard of cdurse.c.6uld make no objection to so touching ali exhibition of. devotion. -He was i·ntruth so delighted with it that he did in reality double-not the jointure, but the allowance for pin-inoney, which he had anranged :6 settle upon.his charming and generous-heairted bride. CI-APTER XXXII. The reader may conjecture in what a state of exhaustion and terror' Augustus Pophly regained the house atCharlton. SHe. ran all the way;; he lost hisroad half a-dozen times, and regainedlit as often merely by chance The cry of murder continued to resound in.his earsi in supernatural accents. A fiend,' with. livid visage and streaming meteor hair, seemed to pursue him on.the winid, yelling the dreadful word into his brain .I- . He might be considered as one bereft of his senses for awhile. Without weighing what effect his, disordered appearance would produce; he rushed into the piarlour where the:family .were assembled.-.: Caroline -Sidney; laiy, to' all outward ob-. seirvation' insensible ibn a: sofa; but Juliai whog held her by" the hanid arid frequntitly pressed her kind and sisterly lips.to her hot and throbbing brow, perceived but too.,well even such relief was denied to :the mai?en's; agony. Mrs. Pophly sat quite calmly at a tambour frame, amusing herself 'with ani intricate lace work pattern which she produced: with spiderC like skill and rapidity from the materials in thlie basket beside her: Her 'mind ·ias. perhaps on some other subject; but the mechanical ingenuity of her fingrs never failed her for a moment. ' So protid and higl-spirited a girl! will she continue to dbat on ia convicted felon ?i-So good and tender a soul ! will she not speedily. grow to'dctest the murderer of an old and helpless man ?' SNot that. Mrs. Pophly did in the depths of her heart really and 'trily believe Frederick was 'guilty of the:atrbocious deed ! Her own suspicions, as well as those of several other persons-among them especially of John Purday- pointed at Patrick Rourke. . But in the exceeding injustice of her selfish and engrossing nature, Mrs. Pophly hoped that so much suspicion and odium might, by dexterous management, be fastened upon Frederick, as to dissipate all future danger of his pretensions to her niece's hand. No doubt she tried even to persuade herself that she was justified in the use of almost any means to preserve her ward from the designs of a person in so inferior a condition in life ! and that she had a right to look after her son's interests at whatever damage to those of other people. The Reverend Theodosius, satisfied with his day's work at church, and aware that he should have a good deal of fatigue next day at the inquest, was asleep in an arm chair near the window, with an open Bible on a reading desk before him, John Purday very seldom joined these family re-unions at Charlton House, but on this occasion he was there. He gave out that he was waiting the return of Ailgustus, gone, as he was informed in the village for any intelligence that might have arrived since he was himself in it, an hour or two previously. The worthy man was in reality so pained at the sight of his ward's absorbtion of misery, that he stayed in the hope hispresence might afford her some comfort. Indeed, she several times weepingly as sured him, it did, clinging; with his rough, honest hand to her heart, that he might feel how violently it palpitated ! It was a com 'fort, indeed to him every now and then, in his sedate, resolute tones; to proclaim liis con viction of Fredeiick's innocence. The 'authority of this good' and firm minded man had even reconciled Caroline to the certainty which she now felt that Fred erick would be taken by the constables sent in search of him; Unless he was guilty, why should he conceal himself? And he was innocent, he was innocent ! He would be brought back-he would come back him self voluntarily, the moment he heard of the charge against him, and clear himself of even :the shadow of suspicion I And then, oh, then, thought poor Caro line, I will even become a suppliant to him, myself,'to do right to this unhappy creaturd, whom he has betrayed and deserted !i' She? has a mightier claim upon him than I can pretend to; she is about to becbmo the mother of his child ' lMary Routke's condition was no longer a ecret. It was the village talk as an interest ing' episode in the general villiany of the young assassin's conduct. How the report became so suddenly uni versal, no one could exactly tell. But it is almost always the case. The popular imagi nation immediately monsters every object seen through its medium. A man's one of fence falls as a mustard seed on thesoil, and springs up in fifty heads. irs. Paphly knew how the tidings reached Caroline's knowledge, and completed the prostration of her physical powers. The wild entrance of Augustus started the whole company as if a bomb had suddenly descended through the roof. The Reverend Theodosius knocked his reading-desk over, and arose in a panic, as if he imagined the burglars at the mill had turned their attack on the mansion. Caroline sprang up with a shriek. Mrs. Pophly dropped her tambour work, and irremediably entangled the bobbins. John Purday clutches his heavy nobbed walking-stick, and also seemed to expect some onslaught. Augustus flew to the sideboard, and poured out almost a goblet of brandy, which he savallowed up as if it had been so much water. 'What is the matter, Augustus-my dear est boy, what is the matter?' exclaimed the alarmed mother. 'Is he taken ? Has he came back ? For the love of heaven, speak ! Is Frederick taken ?' shrieked Miss Sydney. ' Yes I No! Don't touch me, mother, I am going mad, I do think! Oh, such a horrible voice !' Has he seen poor old Brice's ghost ?' said John Purday, contemptuously, and relaxing his grasp of his stick. 'I have seen-I have heard-a most dreadful thing,' said Augustus, wildly. 'Is Frederick a prisoner ?' was Caroline s desparing reiteration. ' My dearest love, be calm,' said her aunt 'Mr. Purday must have convinced you it is the best thing that could happen for him; and if the proofs of his guilt are overwhelm ing, we may yet perhaps, in consideration of his youth --- 'Oh, mother! do you think they would spare him for that ?' said Augustus, with a ghastly expression. ' With our interest, my dear boy, which we might exert in his favor- ..' 'Nonsense2 madam !.you know very well they don't care for interest in such cases as these; and for my part, if Frederick could be capable of such a cruel, cowardly deed, I wouldn't. rise my little finger to save him,' said Purday,' vehemently. ' But he hasn't done it ! I know he hasn't done it-and so. it will appear some day when the truth comes to light, as come it wivill, as surely as the day of judgmeneit.' .. ,.But...what is this you have seen or heard, AugUsttis?' said the reverend" gentleman, eyeing his son in surprise. Augustus hadnow somewhat rallied, under the cheering influence of the brandy, and he perceived the necessity of being more cautious in his statements. ' IIt is only a foolish joke of.mine. I have neither seen nor heard anything particular. Ha, ha! look -how frightened Julia and Caroline look !' he.said, rather hysterically. Then -I must. say yon deserve what.you won't get, I'm-afraid, for your joke, Master Augustus !', said honest John, with angry vehenience.: , . . '. lithink itivery extraordinary and absurd,: M '.-'Pfirday, your taking such a warm part with this perso&n.; What is he to you? .is he your son ? You really couldn't take more interest in him if he was, .and indeed they do :say----Excuse .me, Mr. Purday, but people will begin to form their suspicions if you go on at so ridiculous a rate !' 'People may form just . what suspicions they please, madam i If the young man had been my son, -I should on'y have been too proud to acknowledge him i' retorted Jonn, quite unmoved. He was accustomed to the malicious Woman's style of insinuation. \- ' Do-you think so, sir ?-as if your spirits did not need a little relief of some sort or another ?' responded Mrs. Pophly. 'Really, Mr. Purday, I don't pretend quite to under stand you ! I can excuse old Mat Price, for the poor old fellow is in his dotage, no doubt. But you, sir, cannot pretend'to any such excu'e I' - 'I don't,' said Purday, drily; ' But what :in heaven's name can possess you, Mrs Pophly, that you make yourself judge and jury to condemn this unfortunate youth, without suffering any one to speak a word in his defence?' 'Mother, you really oughtn't to-to judge people so !' gasped Augustus. 'I'd have him hanged on the village green ! And if no one else would do it, I declare, sooner than the fellow should go scot free-' 'Don't, mother ! don't say such a horrid thing !' said the real criminal, arresting this outburst of rancorous feeling by putting his hand over his mother's lips. Caroline looked at him with bewilderment, but with something of thankfulness in her: expression, 'A lad of his uniform good character-I don't believe any.of the lies against him-of his high principles, with the stamp of a gentleman in every feature l' muttered Pur day. "Why, his very looks would acquit him, which is a good deal more than we can say ofeveryone's appearance, that have as good a right to be suspected.' And Purday's glance rested, probably with out the significance that made the young assassin start, on Augustus. Fear roused in him all the defensive instincts possessed by man in common with the inferior animals, superadded to a very unusual degree of cunning even in that higher classification. 'I have been thinking so myself-- often and often! How is it that no suspicion seems to have fallen on Patrick Rourke? A man of notoriously idle and dissolute habits, who might easily owe pior old Brice a grudge, for he had quarrelled with all the respectable and well-conducted people about the mill !' Caroline thanked him with an earnest look. ' I have though this also, and yet I have not dared to say it, lest I should cast blame on an innocent man! Lest it should be thought, because he is Mary Rourke's father -O Julia, dearest, what am I saying? Don't let me speak !: Don't, don't 1' And she sunk "lmost fainhting into her friend's arms. 'I have had the very same notion, and acted on it too !' said John Purday, quietly, 'I have caused Rourke to be watched ever since the murder was discovered, by a person I can place dependence on I' Augustus felt'a deadly sickness at his heart. 'What is the matter, my son? You look as if you were going to die!' said his ob servant mother. ' Watched I You have had him watched Mr. Purday? Has he not been all day drinking in the village? I heard so,--at Jollie's beershop ?' 'That's what I expect to know very shortly,' said Caroline's guardian; 'I have ordered Peter Brin to.bring me word as soon as ever he has lodged him safely for the night !' No thrice-bleached linen could have I eclipsed the pallor of Augustus's complexiori. 'He was not to lose sight of him for a moment until then !' resumed Purday. 'Then I am lost !' groaned Augustus, inwardly, land the voice we heard in the mill was not a supernatural one, after all !' Strange as it may appear, still this con. viction was some slight relief to the horror of the guilty youth's thoughts. Nor was he deserted by his characteristic artifice. 'Well, then, since that is the case-unless you want to learn some very'unpleasant truths -I advise you not to question Brin on the subject !' said he. 'Mr. Purday, I must confess the real reason of the consternation in which you must have observed I returned home I I suspected Patrick, as I told you, myself, in a very strong degree, and seeing him steal in the dark out of the village, I resolved to watch whither he resorted. I thought I should track him to a meeting with some accomplices, perhaps discover where the missing notes are deposited-and thus be enabled completely to exonerate poor Frederick !' 'Well1 Augustus ! kind dear Augustus ! you have discovered the guilty wretch?' sa;d Caroline, in tones the most endearing that had ever yet fallen from her lips to him. Augustus himself looked surprised-yet rephlied unshakenly. 'My poor cousin !-- but you must know the truth sooner or later ! All of us here may be trusted-we would npne of us betray the poor fellow-my father is a magistrate, but not an officer of police !- -I hung in the distance upon Rourke's footsteps, and track him till he arrived at the old Black Mill, in Hayward's hop-maze! And there I saw him joined by a person skulking in the ruin, whom I instantly knew to be Frederick Price !' 'It is false I' shrieked Caroline, almost falling again into the extended arms of her friend. 'I shall never bring it in evidence against him, Caroline; but so it was,' said Augustus, plaintively. 'Pray believe me when I tell you that I have no wish in the world he should be discovered in his lurking-place.' 'What happened else ?' said Purday, evi dently struck, and painfully struck. ' They held a long conversation together under the shadow of the mill, but what they said I was too far off to hear. I thought they would not like to be interrupted-in fact, I was afraid for my life from that des perate ruffian, Patrick. I saw they were ex changing some little packages; but what these were I don't know, nor which of them received, or which gave, the articles. Then they seemed to fall out about something, and I heard a terrible row between them-and they grappled with one another-and some body called out murder !--and I got so frightened that I ran home for my very life ' There was a long pause. The whole company looking at each other in blank dis may. , John Purday arose. 'I will never trust in mortal man again if this 'be true;' he muttered. 'Good night, Caroline, my poor dear !-I must go and make inquities.' ' You will not betray him-you will not re veal his hiding-place, dear sir - whatever may be the result ?' faltering ejaculated Caro line. 'Perhaps the villains have already done justice on each other. Didn't you say you heard a cry of murder, and leave them strug gling,; Gusty ?' said Theodosius, agape at the wonderful tale. ' So it seemed to me-I may be mistaken -for I was quite bewildered at the time, sir,' replied the son. 'Mr. Pophly, you are a magistrate ' -ex claimed Mrs. Poph!y. 'You ought to have this affair inquired into immediately, and the Black Mill searched.' 'Now, mother, if you put my father on that, you will only do a deal of mischief, and not the least good !' said Augustus, with agitation. 'Let the poor devil have a chance for his life !-Give him to-night only, sir and issue your warrant to arrest Rourke to morrow. I'll wager any sum, he is the murderer, in point of fact !-and there are far worse grouuds of suspicion against him than the other.' Caroline extended her hand, and wrung her cousin's faintly, but expressively in her. own. His involuntarily shrunk from that heart-broken pressure. The company at Charlton speedly after. wards separated, all feeling, equally, incapable of sustaining the conversation. 