1IELBOUIN1E. (riOst OUtI OWN COItLREsIPON'OI NT.) Monday. It must be somewhat disconcerting to raw Mlinistcrs, especially to those who have passed many years in hunting portfolios, to to be aware that the principal question which now engrosses the conversation of politicians-and for the matter of that people outside of politics-is whether the (Government will be entitled to a dissolution on being ejected from ollice. The idea is unllattcrillg ; it exhibits an instinctive want of confidence in the men and the situation, and whenl it is follo wed up by a leading article in the Ar9,' which calmly discusses the qulestion of " when the time arrives that it becomes necessary that Mr Deakin should be set aside" it seems, as the American said when he found himself wrecked and floating down stream on an ice-floe that " there's a kinder instability somehow about this loca tion." The general opinion seems to lie that when the time colles for the Opposition crew to man the yards, Ilis Excellency will allow them to do it on the grounds that this Parliament was called into being by Coali. tion Number Two, and therefore must finally be judged by it. At the same time it must be rememblered that while 3inlliters have no real party behind thelm, which is pretty clearly indicated by the manner in which seats in the Assembly are being marked off, yet the Opposition are in just as poor Ia case; for they have, so far, but a small and disjointed "straight" party and not so miuch as the ghost of a policy, there fore it's not well to hollow until they are out of the wood. The Ministry face the situa tiont with a ciheerful countenance, and rely upon their irrigation projects to pull them through while recognislug fully that they cannot consider themselves sure of a majority. Their idea is that being at the present the stronger of the disjointed elements in the House, they may be able to create a party by good administration and sound legislation avoiding the heroic but pursuing those practical lines which will catch votes, and so, by placating the Inde pendents and allowing their own corner a fair share in fashioning legislation, keep on the right side of Mlr Speaker. There is reason in this, and if M1r Deakin, who is liked by all, were leading, these tactics might pull a linistry, which may be con sidered already moribund, through for a while; but the danger is that Mr Gillics' want of tact in guiding the Hlouse, together with his unfortunate maller, will ruin all. How little Mr tGillies eerreally understands what is due to other people besides himself was instanced a few days after his election, when a ideputation from his district came down to interview Mr Nimmo with respect to a local want. Although lie hai only just won a stoutly contested election by a majority so small that it way unwise to risk a vote in it, he absolutely, though in the building, left the deputationists and ial lowed themn to be introduced and their cause adulvocated by Mr Shakell solus. A candidate with a majority such as that of Walter MIadden in the Wimmera, or a seat as safe as Mir Patterson's at Castlemaine might play such a prank with safety, but one swho has so often had the nteaning of " rejected addresses" explained to him ought never to have so far forgotten what was due to the constituents who had made him Premier. \We are all dying to see Mr Groom. The ntan who could beat Francis Mason in South GCippland muast he one of the marvels -of the age, Ilis intellectual powers must be incomparaolle, and his :nowledge of how to work a Department stupendous. If lie can surpass F. C. in his " attention to local wants" he is too good to Ie wasted in Parliament. Hie ought to ie sent to the Indian and Colonial Exhlibi fion lalelled " the South Gippsland Pheno nenon." In reckoning votes for tile Government, please bear in mind that, practically, Messrs I. If. Davies, Coppin, and Bosisto don't count, and won't be hack to get their names on the tellers' books until nearly the ind of the year, by which time probably they won't be wanted. By the way, is it a politically virtuous thing to accept a port. folio and then bolt to Europe with it, putting lonorable on your call cards, or to win a eonstituency on the dodge and then curtly tell them you don't initend to represent them for six months or until otherwrise con venient ? The gossip people say that the Marquis of Nornmany intends replacing his dllar dI pat ted by espousing a wealthy lady in New\ South Wales. Most of us had hoped that flhe Malrquis had sared enough out of his salary while here to pay oil those Imortgages, hut itappears that tmore Australian goldl is nceded. It is said that poor Stullcy, who recently perished so miserably in Queensland from leat apoplexy-though this is quiestionedl w.sis once a speculator in potatoes at Warrtaiimlbool. His career was a singularly ulventurous onie, and from being one of the sealthiest reefers that ever trod Collins etreet, a squatter, a colossal grain speecla for, a horse breeder ud financier, lihe fell in recent evil days to the position of anll abso lutely penniless insolventL Undlauted, he faced the world again, and, like another Argollanit, plursued the Golden Fleece which lie had once before held practically by the vool, and while nit route to the Eldorado to vhich the genius of his luck bleckoned hiti lie fell misterally by the way. Hlis career is at sad warning of the worthlessness of wealth ahen possessed by a iman of undisciplined etergies, maddened by a belief that the star of his fortune could never pale. 'lThe spcculative Iplilic who place their aith anll money on horses hail another facer int Saturday's V.A.T.C. ineetingat Caulfield. wIo wilns to lead off the day mlerely acted as an incentive to deeper pllnging, so tlhat in the long run, the metallicians were well recompensed for the small share of lhad luck they exlperienced at the outset. Of course, lecause every one had given up all expecta tion of seeing another winl from him, Dittnlop uame out and fairly waltzed away with the St. Kilda Cup, but this is a kind of surprise hliat is now devoid of all novelty, aditrwiheri t horse has been deserted by thlie long suffering public is the time to put your noney ip. One well-known patron of tihe turf lwho alleges he has put enonugh moniey oil Dunlop to buy hitm, went.strongly for Cerise iand Illiue on Satuirday, andl to his lisgust the clever little tmare was rvnnuishedl ly his long-time weakness. Cerise and illue was heavily backed,by the owner, but fhe weight up was toonimuch, and in addition Iunlop was "ont the job." An incident connected with this nmeetingt is worthy of note. 'lhat section of youtr correspondentt (for your Mellmurne corres itndent is like hirighanl Young's wife) located at Caulfield on Saturday was at a loss in telegraphing the breedling of the vinner of anl eventt, and in his miessa'ge nrote, " by Martini Henri, dami This was sullicient for the intelligent oper ottir, who, seeing what was wanted, suppliedl he omrission. For ai walking dictionary of sporting information andl events, cimmientd ilte to the average telegraphic operator, and 0s a turf authority I am prepared to pit hiit agiainst an '" Augur" aSd " Centatur" roiled into one. The Licensing Act has, since the elections, dropped out of the daily converstion of the citizens of Melbourne ; and although the law is mnort closely observed than under the old ri'giiiv, Sunday drinking and trading after Iours are far from havinig been suppressed. The Early Closing principle of the Factories Act is now the only tatter of legislative itnactment attracting general attention, and as its provisions become better known thil dissatisfaction with the mpeasure increases in the ranks of tihe tradesmen Itwho ,egin to fondly hope that Parliament in its wisdom rill cause some alterations to hie made in rlhat they regard as an iniquitous la I. Cer tainly a large number of middle class shop keepers promise to give the nteasure a fair trial, but at the same time they point out that the object sought to be attainod-rea. sonable working hours for employds--would be secured without what they term " undue interference with the lilberty of the subject" by making eighlt hours the legal day's work fior men employed in shops. As yet, lhow ever, only a minority of shopkeepers have expressed san pinian either one way or an otlher, while the employvs themselves show great indifference, although it is notto he sup posed this is really felt ; but it is nowr statel that l'arliament will lie asked to substitute the legislation of eight hours in shops for the penal early closing law. The employts ;n ticipalte that this would lead to the employ ment of additional hands antd the conlls quent reduction of wages. IReferring to the enactments of the last Parliament, it was contidently asserted early in the last session that the Coalition had out livel its nusefulness, and subsequently several ieasures were referrel to as worse than use. less, and it hlias been assertedl that the present a-,iniiistration want the vigor of a party Government, but turning to the works of the last session of the previous legislature. it is found that t8 bills were introduced, of which eleven were initiated in the Council: 44 of these hills were placed upon the Statute Book; 17 were discharged. 2 negatived on second reading, and the remainder lapsed. 