The Advertiser TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1886. The arrangements for a reconstruction of the Ministry were completed yesterday. Mr. Newland will resign his place as Treasurer, and will be succeeded in that position by the present Chief Secretary, the Hon. J. C. Bray. The Hon. J. B. Spence, now Commissioner of Public Works, will return to his fonnet duties as Chief Secretary, and Mr. L. L. Furner, M.P., will be appointed to the control of the department of Public Works. The changes that have been agreed upon, and which will be finally effected today, are of less importance than those -which were anticipated. The only member of the Ministry who retires altogether is Mr. Newland. Whether or not it was found that there were insuper able difficulties in the way of the Ministry obtaining another representative in the Upper House than Mr. Spence, or whether after reflection it was decided that the Government would gain by the reten tion of his services, we are not in a position to say. It is quite true that Mr. Spence does not shine in public, and that there hare been many better leaders of the Council than he is. On the other hand, however, the hon. gentleman is recognised as a shrewd, clear-headed man of business, a-capable administrator of his department, and a useful man in Cabinet. His solid qualities of statesman ship go far to atone for the lack of showy gifts, and as he has never had a trouble some House to deal with, his deficiencies as a mere debater have not told greatly to his detriment. It is to be hoped that daring the present ses sion Mr. Spence will be found fully equal to the management of the more than usually important business which it will be his duty to bring before the Council. In referring to the retiring member of the Ministry, Mr. Newland, we would on this occasion prefer to eulogise his good sense in abandoning a position for which he was not pre-eminently suited, rather than to dilate on the causes which have rendered * his administration of the Treasury Department a compara tive failure. There are quite recent proofs that Mr. Newland has not lost faith in himself, and that it is matter for surprise to him that he should have been the subject of so much unfavorable criticism. It is creditable to his judg ment that he has not insisted on his own valuation of himself, and that however nnfair it may seem to him, he has bowed cheerfully to public opinion. The fact that last week the Government, even as then constituted, were able to secure a vote of confidence, relieves Mr. Newland from the pain of sup posing that Mb retirement was abso lutely essential to the Ministerial safety, and under these circumstances his deter mination to give place to a stronger man is the more graceful and commendable. There are few acts of his official career which become him more than the leaving of it. The acceptance by Mr. Bray of the office of Treasurer will be variously criticised. Generally speaking, lawyers are not brilliant financiers, and just now the colony needs the best financial skill available. It would be a poor com pliment to Mr. Bray to say simply that as Treasurer he will be an improvement on his predecessor; and, on the other hand, it would be going too far to allege that his training for the duties of the office he has agreed to take has been such as to justify expectations of exceptional success in his new position. But it will neverthless be safe to assert this—Mr. Bray is a politician, one of whose most striking characteristics is a marvellous talent of adapting himself to the circumstances of his position. We know of no office he has filled in which he might be said to have been a square man in a round hole. He has an all-round experience of the work of administration, and in the present Ministry we believe he has made bis influence felt in every one of the departments. Originative or con structive genius is rare, and Mr. Bray's wannest admirers would not claim a large share of this for him. But almost equally rare is that combination of quick-witted ness, fertility of resource, readiness to apprehend difficulties and to solve them, and the capacity to enter into the spirit of the work of others, which is in a high degree the possession of Mr. Bray. A politician with qualities of this kind to help him to success has no such word as fail in his vocabulary, and we are sure that as Treasurer Mr. Bray will give a good account of himself. The recon struction of the Bray Ministry in 1834 placed the hon. gentleman in the same position as that which he has now taken, but he did not occupy the office long, and was never privileged to deliver a budget speech. He has now a better opportunity of proving to Parliament that as Treasurer he is *' right man in the right place." The acquisition of Mr. Furner as Com missioner of Public Works is a decided gain to the Ministry. When Mr. Downer formed his Government in 1885 the hon. member for Wallaroo was generally re garded as one of the coming men. He did not, however, seek office, though his political services would have entitled him to expect it, and experience now shows that he has not lost a great deal by de clining to insist upon his claims to recognition. " Everything comes to the man who waits." Mr. Furner has pur sued an honorable, straightforward course, which we believe has commended him to both Bides of the House, and tends to make his present appointment uni versally popular. The hon. gentleman last session gave the Ministry a loyal support so far as was con sistent with his own Independence. As leader of Hie retrenchment party he showed hmself equal to braving unpopu larity if satisfied that duty dictated to him what might prove to be an unpopular line oE conduct. In shaping the new tariff Mr. Furner made himself conspicuously useful, and generally he has ' afforded evidence of being a self-reliant, ; shrewd, and honest politician, with a fair : readiness in debate, and a large stock of j healthy common sense which usually lends ! considerable value to his speeches, j Popular rumor carved out for Mr. Furner ' a place in the Ministry as Treasurer. The j prominent part taken by the hpn. gentle- ! man in the financial debates last session gave color to the rumor, but events have disappointed expectation, and it is as head of the Public Works Depart- j ment that Mr. Furner will make his ! Ministerial debut. It is an office which I he should be able to fill with credit to ! himself and profit to the country. The j hon. member was a member of the com- ' mission which some years ago carried out a long and an elaborate investigation into the management of our Public Works Department, and he has always mani fested a deep interest in railway matters* and other subjects of the same kind. He is, therefore, not without some prepara tion for undertaking the charge of the department. The Ministry, as a whole, are strengthened by the changes that have been announced, and the reconstruction may accordingly be expected to meet with Parliamentary approval. Wshave in previousarticles dwelt upon the condition of our public debt, and upon the necessity of making some reasonable pro vision for meeting the interest on any new loans that may be floated for public works. Whatever money may be laid out in the construction of waterworks, railways, and telegraphs, they may be expected to return some direct income from the investment. Harbor improve ments, the south-eastern drainage works, and other undertakings, give an indirect return at present, and may, perhaps, in the distant future become a source of direct revenue ; although the prospects judging from past experience are just now exceedingly dim and doubtful. As far as the two last classes of works are concerned, it may be as sumed that we have reached our limit of borrowing; at all events, it does not appear probable that any fresh loan ex penditure will be incurred for such pur poses for a considerable time to come. As regards the outlay which takes place in connection with main roads and district councils the case is different. For the former there is no present likelihood of any cessation of grants of public money in some shape or other, and none is likely to occur without a very decided change in the policy of the House of Assembly. Whatever the views of the present Government may be, or whatever the opinions of other Governments might have been with regard to them, Parliament has always shown a decided objection to any withdrawal of the grants that have been made for main roads. For a long period the funds supplied for construc tion and maintenance were drawn from revenue, but when that source of supply became weakened by the constant drain upon it, resort was made to loans. The money provided in this way was applied without any hope of relief to the revenue. On the contrary, the colony has not only been saddled with the payment of the interest, which is always on the increase, but it has been loaded in addition with the expense of maintenance, which annually grows larger the more the length of main lines is extended. The actual amount expended on main roads and bridges since 1852 is given in official returns approximately as £3,855,341. Of this large sum £1,323,284 has been borrowed at the rate of four per cent. If the odd figures are taken away as representing expenditure on bridges, there remains one million ster ling, carrying a permanent charge of £40,000 a year, which has been, laid out in making main roads, besides £2,532,057 voted out of the general revenue for the same purpose. The outlay on corporations and district councils has been derived entirely from revenue, and that amounts to £1,137,830, the two items together making a total of £4,669,893. Thin sum is likely under existing conditions to be increased from year to year, the only relief from the annual charge which is promised being the gradual reduction in the grants-in-aid to municipal bodies which was inaugurated last year. A proportion of £25 per cent, was taken off the grants last session, and a further amount of £25 per cent, will be subtracted during the current year. Whatever may be done after tliat will depend upon the discretion of Parliament, and it remains to be seen how our repre sentatives will approach the question of making further reductions. A total cessation of the grants, of course, means the throwing of the whole cost of the district road systems upon the shoulders of district landed proprietors and their tenants. The idea of this taking place has hitherto not been ac cepted by the propertied classes with any great degree of cordiality. The fact of the cost of construction and maintenance of roads being thrown on landlords and tenants will necessitate largely increased rates or considerably reduced works in the districts. It will be noted that when the grants in aid of rates have been made by the Government there have been no after demands for further assistance in maintaining the roads which have been constructed through the agency of those grants. The position of the Go vernment with regard to the main roads is, however, of a very different character. Every grant that is made becomes a lever for obtaining fresh and more extended grants in order to preserve what has been gained by the original expenditure. The average cost of maintenance, which does not always include renewals, is about £48 per mile, which is equal to £5 17s. 4]d. per cent, on the average c-ost per mile of con struction. It appears from this that according to present circumstances the annual cost of every mile of main road made with borrowed money is £9 17s. 4jd. per cent, on the outlay. This view of the case has not presented itself either to the landowner or to the general taxpayer. It is one, how ever, that becomes important when the position of those who contribute to the maintenance of district roads and works is contrasted with that of land holders for whose benefit principally main roads are constructed. The latter contribute nothing whatever towards meeting the expense either of construc tion or maintenance. The State does all for them, and is continually required to do more. As a matter of common justice there is no reason why a proprietor Those possessions are bounded by main roads should be placed in a more advantageous position than one who must be content with the accommodation of district roads only for general purposes of con venience. If it be just to tax the latter for improvements of a local character there can be no good ground for allow ing another who enjoysotherconvenieoces, which are also, as far as the interests of ; the proprietary go, of a local charachr^.. to escape scot free. Landholders may argue Uiat the main roads benefit the public quite as much as the roads benefit them ; but this does not affect the justice of our proposition, because the same argument applies to the use of district roads by the public. On the contrary, our view of the case tells the more strongly against those who have their roads constructed at the public cost, inasmuch as the people who have district roads pay for them, whilst the others who havejnain roads do not. In fact the former accommodate the public at their own charge as far as their rates go, and the latter provide nothing towards the expense of those conveniences from the use of which they derive the greatest benefit. The arguments .we have made use of as affecting the road question are applicable with equal force to public works of other descriptions which are provided at the expense of the colony. When we look at the subject of water conservation we find that the Government are called upon to provide certain conveniences which, although to some extent of general public utility, possess more local than general value and importance. The public at huge enjoys whatever advantages their construction may confer in a small and limited degree only. Local interests form the foundation of the large majority of works of the kind we have mentioned!, and whilst the whole community is laid under contribution to carry out these undertakings, those who use them contribute nothing towards their construction, and very little if any thing towards their maintenance. In some cases we understand that a charge is made for water used by travelling teams and 'stock, or for the watering of which is kept in the neighborhood. There is, however, nothing as far as we have been able to ascertain to show that such works yield any appreciable revenue, or contribute anything at all towards the payment of interest on the outlay, or for their maintenance or extension. It seems * from these and other facts which have been set out year after year in the re ports of the Public Works Department, that the system of carrying out most of our public works has rested upon au unsound basis. Demands for such works have overtaken our means so rapidly that it now becomes a question not only as to whether they can be con tinued on the scale on which they have been provided up to the present time, but whether, without fresh resources, they can be continued at aIL It cannot be expected that the country will stand still; it cannot afford to do so. But we cannot go on increasing our public debt ad infiniium without some substantial effort to face present as well as future obliga tions. A new policy as regards public works must be adopted at no distant date if the progress which the colony in the past has made in the development of her resources is to be continued. The changes in the personnel of the Ministry which have been pending during the list ftw days were settled on Monday. Aa we pre viously announced, negotiations were proceel ing on Friday and Saturday between the Premier (Hon. J. W. Downer) and Mr. L. L. Fumer and the Hon. Dr. Campbell, with a view to those gentlemen joining theGovern wout, but uhtiuoidj it seemed that only Mr. Forner could be relied upon to assume the respondbDitiee of office. Doling Monday morning the Attorney-General was mnch oc cupied with the contemplated changes, and in the afternoon his labors were taken into consideration at a Cabinet meeting. At first it was understood that the Hon. J. B. Spence would resign, but several of tua friends had urged him to reconsider the matter, and on their pressing representations he consented to retain office. The Treasurer (Eon. S. Newland) had decided to resign on the ground that the trouble and worry to which lie had been subjected during his term of office had greatly affected his health, and he felt that it required a man of more robust constitution than himself to stand the strain. The following rearrangement of positions was determined upon:—The Hon. J. C. Bray to ocenpy the important position of Treasurer; the Hon. J. B. Spence to take his old office of Chief Secretary, and Air. L. L. Famer to be Commissioner of Public Works, Mr. New land will this morning formally resign the Treasurerehip, and at 11 o'clock a special meeting of the Executive Council ?will be held, when the new said trans ferred Ministers will be sworn in. As coon as Parliament meets at 2 o'clock an nouncements will be made in both Houses by the Attorney-General and the Hon. J. B. Spence respectively. It may be mentioned in legard to the new Commissioner of Public Works - that he has now been in the Assembly for over eight years, and daring the whole of that time be has represented the electorate of Wallaroo. In 1883 he was chosen Chairman of Committees. Atthattime, however, the position was made a party one, and on a change of Go vernment taking place some 12 months' later, he was deposed from office. Stall he took a pi eminent part in politics, ani at the begin ning of the session of 1885 he had an active share in the overthrow of the Cotton Govern ment. At the same time be waived any claims he might have had to office in order to leave Mr. Downer as free as possible in his selection. The appointment of Mr. Fnrner appears to be popular not only with the supporters of the Government but also the members of the Op position, whiltt it is generally regarded with satisfaction by the public The principal business in both Houses of Parliament this afternoon will be the announce ment of the changes which have occurred in the Ministry. In the Legislative Council the second reading of the Local Courts Bill will be moved, and the Hjn. W. C. Buik will resume the debate on the adoption of the address in reply to the Governor's speech. The members of the House of Assembly will at 10 minutes past 2 o'clock proceed to present the address in reply to his Excellency, and before Hub is done it is probable that the Attorney-General will announce the Ministerial changes. Leave having been obtained to introduce measures amending the Real Property Act and the Licensed Victuallers Act, the Com missioner of Crown Lands will move the second reading of the Mining 'on Private Projjerty Bill. The Minister of Education will move the second reading of the Chinese Immigrants Regulation Extension Bill, and this will conclude the Government business for the day. Some motions for returns will con clude the day's proceedings. Contingent on the consideration of the motion of the Minister of Education relating to Chinese in the Northern Territory, Mr. Hardy will move:— "That thenecessarystepsshouldbeatonce taken to obtain from the Chinese and other Asiatics in the Northern Territory a larger portion of the cost occasioned by their presence in the Northern Territory, by annual licenses for the exclusive right to retail opium and spirits, or by other more suitable modes, upon die principle affirmed by the resolution of this House on the Sth September, 1880, and further discussed on the 9th and 10th September, ISSO, on the motion of the then Minister of Education for rawing certain duties of Customs in the Northern Ter ritory." It having been suggested that the deposits of gold existing in the Kunberley district. Western Australia, may possibly extend into South Australia a proposal has been submitted to the Government to equip a party to pro ceed to that portion of our territory in the same latitude as Kimberley to search for the precious metal. We understand that men well qualified for the work are willing to give their services provided the Government will furnish the necessary outfit. The Commis sioner of Crown Lands and the Minister of Education have been interviewed on the sub ject, and have, we understand, expressed them selves as being favorable to the project if the work were undertaken by the proper class of men. We hear that a merchant in Adelaide has received a letter from the West Australian representative of his firm, strongly supporting the view that gold in paying quantities ex*st> in the locality indicated. The business of the Adelaide Local Court does not appear to suffer any diminution fitter in quality or importance. Lately on two or three occasions it baa been found necei -aary to obtain assistance in the court work ao sb to prevent delay in trials. The cause list this week is again a heavy one. We are in formed that with the exception of the jury cause, Pearson v. Glenelg Railway Compiny, ?11 the business M t down for Wednesday next wiU be taken in the Urge room adjoining the bailiffs office. ._ MfICMI, ?h? Quota bank defaulter, has not been arrested yet. The police still have the matter in hand. The exodus of passengers from Port Ade laide by sea during the week that ended Satur day, May 29, exceeded the influx by 260. The atrivals numbered 14C, of whom 13S came from Melbourne, and the remainder from Albany. Of the 406 departures 302 embarked for Mel bourne, 39 for Fremantle, 33 for Sydney, 24 for London, and 3 for Geraldton. The members of Parliament for Flinders waited on the Commissioner of Public Works last Friday, and presented a. memorial from the residents of Franklin Harbor and the neighborhood, asking to have the sum of £1,000 granted for repairing several roads which were in a dangerous state. The Com missioner promised to bring the matter under the consideration of his colleagues. As an instance of the variation in the price of steamers it is worth mentioning (writes our shipping re] porter) that the steamer Palmerston was purchased by a Melbourne citizen for £7,000, and then sold to the South Australian Government for £14,000, After a general over haul and refit, which brought her cost to the Government up to close upon £20,000. the vessel was^Bent to the Northern Territory, and after having done good work there, and again been overhauled in Sydney, has now changed bands for £6,000. By a table showing the population of the Australasian colonies at the end of ISSS, com piled by Mr. Hayter (Government Statist of victoria), it appears that the total WA3 3,370,524, showing an increase during the year of 137,483. The respective shares of the colonies were as follows:—Victoria, 99L8?i9 (increase 30,593); New Sonth AVales, 950.573 (increase 59,305); Queensland, 32?">,9W (increase 17,003): South Australia, 319,769 (increase 6,988); West Australia, 35,180 (increase 2,228); Tasmania, 133,791 (increase 3,250); and New- Zealand, 582,420 (increase 18.116). Since the Quarantine Station on Torrens Island was vacated by the Chimborazo passengers the place has been thoroughly cleaned and made fit for the reception of another company. The superintendent (Mr. Lewis) and his two men have been very busy lately in constructing a tramline from the jetty to the buildings, and when this is completed the inconvenience which has hitherto been ex- perienced in conveying provisions, &tc.;, from the jetty will be done away with. The build- ings present an appearance which speaks well for the carefulness of those placed in charge. A meeting of the South Australian branch of the Federated Seamen's Union was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. XL J. Pndney. The secretary acknowledged having received progress reports from the branches in the other colonies. The report from Victoria contained an intimation that the secretary of the conference of Seamen's Unions held in ISS4 had received a notice from the Australasian Steamship Owners' Association that they detired to terminate the agreement gristing between them and the Federated Seamen's Union. It was decided to obtain further particulars of the matter. The receipts during the previous week amounted to £26 16s. The following probates and letters and ad ministration were granted during the fort nieht ending June 5: — Probates —H. A. Marwick, of Newton, £400; M. E. Lowe, of Edwarditown, £3,256; John Coles, of Pen wortham, £3,800; Ellen Jones, of Mundnlla, £651; J. C. Muller, of Blnmberg, £310; Patrick Bourke, of Marion, £560; S. Herbert, of Yanka liUa, £1,000; William Hine, of Norwood, £150; A. Etheridge, of Norwood, £3.500; J. Hardy, of Eastwood, £900; C. H. Bisset, of Adelaide, £948; T. P. Goorty, of Bagot's Well, £688; A. Osenton, of Islington, £245. Letters of Administration—James Brown, of Adelaide, £100; George Phillips, of Powell's Creek, N.T.. £300; J. Morton, of Middle sex, England, £235; Win. Russell, of Ade laide, £190; C. Freeman, of Blyth Plains, £160; Jas. Chritchley, of Kanmantoo, £50. Fish is more plentiful at Port Adelaide just tiow than it has been for some time past, and it is quite a common thing for vessels engaged in the trade to haul alongside the wharf with several baskets of finnies on board. It is also gratifying to state that the good supply has canned some rednction in the prices hitherto ruling. A large number of men, encouraged by the success of thoee engaged in fishing, have started in the trade. One of the most favorite resorts of fishermen at present is the ground situated about a mile north-west of tie Port Adelaide lighthouse. Here young achnapper and whiting of a fair size are caught in large quantities. Just below the ' North Arm in the Port River good hauls are also frequently obtained. The waters sur rounding Kangaroo leland are angled for the larger sized schnapper, and the cutter Pioneer, which arrived at the Port from the island on Monday morning, had on board a good quan tity of these fish. The Pioneer is fitted with a large tank, in which the fish are placed when j caught, and by this means kept alive through ?at the trip. On Saturday night an occurrence of a some what peculiar nature took place at Fort danville. It seems from what we have been able to glean of the matter that a private named John Hoban,amemberof the Perma nent Force, whilst under arrest for some breach of military discipline, attempted to escape from custody, and whilst climbing over a wall wag challenged by the sentry on duty. A alight struggle followed, in which the prisoner received a bayonet wound in the knee. Dr. Toll was immediately telegraphed for, and started for the fort at once, arriving there a little after midnight, Under his instructions the injured man was removed to the Port Casualty Hospital, where the wound was attended to. An effort having been made to keep the matter very j quiet, some wild rumors got circulated about the Port regarding the facts of the case. To any interrogations on (he affair put to Hoban, vho is still an inmate of the Casualty Hospital, he answered that, "It is against orders to answer questions from civilians.'' The injury is of a rather serious nature, and the man v likely to be laid up for a week or two. At daybreak on Sunday, during the passage of the steamer Jessie Darling from Port Lincoln to Port Adelaide, a lot of fine seals were sighted sporting on Dangerous Reef, and some shots were fired at them from the steamer's deck, but appa- rently without any fatal effect. The morning was beautifully fine, and as an oppor- tunity offered for a little sport the captain and chief engineer landed on the reef, which is situated about 14 miles from the south point of Thistle Island. It is composed of four rocks standing above water, and none of these are more than 200 yards broad. Seals are rather plentiful there, and seabirds of various kinds abound in thousands. The seals did not take much notice of the intrusion, and the visitors fixed their attention upon a pair of very large specimens which were reclining with a young calf near the water's edge. They approached the group as closely as they considered expedient, and then fired at the old animals, taking care not to injure the calf. The bullets seemed to hit, but did not kill. Over and over again the firearms were loaded and discharged at the parents, and when the bull left its mate and made for water it is stated that he had received five rifle balls and six bullets from a revolver. The cow was also hit several times, but she would not allow her little one to be captured while life remained in her. When she died the calf was picked up and taken on board the steamer, in the engine room of which it made itself quite at home until the steamer reached Port Adelaide early on Monday morning. It was then forwarded to the Zoological Gardens. Communication on the Port Darwin line has been interrupted all day between Farina and Strangways Springs. A tea meeting, followed by an interesting lecture delivered by the Rev. W. F. Jam* on "President Garfield, 1* was held at the Bible Christian Church, Kensington, on Monday evening, both tea and lecture being well attended. Mr. Stevens presided over the latter gathering. A successful floral service was conducted by Mr. G. Wilks m the Stockade Congregational Sunday-EchooL, Dry Creek, on Sunday. There ?was a handsome display of flowers, and the room was very prettily decorated. The singing was conducted by Mr. Ben;. The attendance was large, and a pleasant afternoon was spent. The flowers left over from the service were afterwards forwarded to the Children's Hos pital and the Reformatory Hulk. " The earth's rotation" was the subject of a lecture given by Mr. D. B. Adamson in the Congregational schoolroom, Hindmarsh, on Monday, before the members of the local Young Men's Society. The president (Mr. Joseph Vardon) occupied the chair. The lecturer by the aid of the pendulum, gyroscope, and diagrams explained the earth's rotation in a dear and concise manner. A hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. Adamson. Mr. E. B. Morris gave a reading, and Mr. West a recitation. There was a very good attendance at the entertainment given in the Norwood Town Hall on Monday evening by the Maylands Band of Hope, and a rather lengthy pro gramme was carried out to the evident ap preciation of the audience. In the first part of fbe prograrcme may be mentioned a song, "The Frenchman," by Mr. Doggan, and a ineililiii ii,, " Marriage and the Picture," by Mr. Walters, which were both loudly encored. She second part, conuatinft of a christy minstrel performance by a company of ama teurs, was well received. The proceedings were brought to a conclusion with the laughable farce "A Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which the parts were well sustainedbyMefsre. O. Witt, E K.Lloyd, W.Abbott, and H.Sando. During the evening a presentation took place, Miss Crans ton being made the recipient of a handsomely illuminated address in aporeciatiou of her valuable services in connection with the bind of hope during the past year. The annual missionary services in connec tion with the Bible Christian Church were commenced in the Young-street Church on Sunday, when special sermons n-ere preached in the morning by the Rev. J. Foster, and in the evening by the Rert W. If. Cann. On Monday evening tea and public meetings were held, both of which were fairly well attended. At the hitter Air. T. Richards presided. The Rev. J, Trcwin in presenting the annual re port of the past year's work stated that the receipts of the society had not been so large as they could have wished, but they still had a deal to be thankful for, as many converts, had been received at the various stations. The cause of tenii>erance had been advocated in connection with the preaching of the gospel. The depression which existed throughout the colony bad greatly affected the receipts at the various stations, and many of their adherents had been obliged to leave the colony, but despite this their numbers were nut much smaller. The amount received by the Adelaide circuit during the past year was £23 14s. 4d. After a reference to the sum due to the treasurer last year he stated that they would see that they still bad plenty to do, and the object they had in view was ode that com manded their sympathy. Addresses were afterwards given by the Revs. J. Rowe and W. H. Cann, and others, and daring the evenirp the choir rendered several anthems in a plca&imr; manner. The seventh and final bow meeting of the season, and the third for points for the cuauipiontliip of the Adelaide Archery Club, was held on the Old Adelaide Racecourse on Saturday. The weather was bright and clear —far too fine for the season of the year—and the light favorable for shooting, but the scores were only moderate. There was a good attendance of members and their friends in the afternoon, considerable interest being taken in the competition for the champion ship. The highest scores were as follows r— Mim M Hall, gross 167, net GO; Mias J. Hall, groEs 144, net 132 ; Miss Beresford, gross 139, net 49. The three days' shooting for champion points resulted thus:—Mrs. H. P. Gill (Miss A. Wright) 16, Miss M. Hall 15, Mrs. Framp ton 10, Miss J. Hall 10, Miss Acraman 10. Mrs. Gill was declared champion for the year, and was awarded the distinguishing gold arrow. The season prize for ladies was won by Mits J. Hall with 987 paints, Mrs. Framp ton, Ctil, being second. The season prize for gentlemen was won by Mr. George Boothby with 353, Professor Kelly, with 222 (net), being Eecond. Lady Robinson's prize was won for the first time by Miss M. Hall (10), 177, Miss A. Hall (SO) being eecond with 174. Mr. Bmnkhorst's prize was won a Becond time by Miss M. Hall, 134; Miss J. Hall, with 115, was second. Professor Kelly's prize for ladies (handicap) was won by Miss A. Hall finally, and the ladies' challenge prize for gentlemen by Mr. Michael Hawker a first time. A concert was given in the Semaphore Institute on Monday evening, in aid of the institute building fund and the Convalescent Hospital. There was a large attendance, and an excellent programme was presented. The overture, Deplace's " Olga," was given by the Adelaide orchestra, and the Adelaide Lieder tafel followed with a chorus by Weber, which was well received. A violin solo by the Rev. C. G. Taplin came next, and then Mr. Thow sang "The brigand's life," for which he was loudly applauded. "Tis music and eon?," a duet by Mrs. Darand and Miss Gilles, passed off successfully, and Mr. Shrosbree played a serenade in a pleasing manner. The Adelaide Lieder tafel rendered the chorus " Aye Maria" very effectively, Mr. F. H. Otto singing the baritone eolo. "Boys' Brigade" and "Not for ever," songs by Mr. Woolley and Mrs. Dnrand respectively, were nicely given, and the first part of the programme was brought to a close by the march "Old Brigade 1* (Bam) by the Adelaide orchestra. The second part of the programme consisted of a selection "Anna Bolena" (Donizetti), and a " March MOitaire" (Scotson Clarke) by the Adelaide orchestra; chonues "fiild der Rose" and "Gross mutter," by the Adelaide LiedertafeL Mr. C. E, MiTtntnn Hinging the tenor eolo in the first - named number; piano solos, "Robin Adair" and "Comin' thro'the rye"(Kuhe>; and a song, "Cavatinad'Anna Bolena," by Mrs. £L H. Thomas; song. " Good bye," Miss GiJles; song, "Queenof the earth," by Mr. Hugo Fischer ; duet, " Larboard watch,"by Captain Cbichesterand Mr. Wooney; andasoog, "Themaniac," by the Rev. C. G. Tap lin. All the numbers were given with success. Tie Adelaide orchestra was conducted by Mr. Chas. Caw thorn, and the Adelaide Liedertafel was UEdPr the direction ot Berr O. x*u?tman. Mr. C. J. Penney apologised for the absence if his Excellency the Governor, who had in tended to be present, but who had been pre vented attending by another engagement. The cantata "Fairy Bridal" wfll be given at St. Luke's Schoolroom this evening. Messrs. Boeworth and Cotton ?iU address the electors of the Legislative Council at Salisbury to night. Tea and public meetings in connection with the Bible Christian Church, Eastwood, Till take place this evening. A meeting of the Amalgamated Society of Car penters and Joiners KOI be held at the Bristol Xavern this evening. Bevival services win be conducted by the Rev. J. and Mrs. Mountain in Ston- Memorial Church this evening and during t^** week. A meeting of the Allgemeiner Dentscher Terein for the purpose ot electing a representative to the Colonial Congress, to be held in Berlin, will take place this evening at the National Hotel, Fine-street. The Pictorial Australian for Jane contains a onmber ot colored and other sketches, which are unusually interesting:. Amongst them are news ot the Kimberley goldae'de, pictures of the Patawalonga works, and scenes viaited by the Altborpes cable laying party. 