MR. BRINDLE'8 GHOST A GHOST STORY WITH A LOVE IDYL APPENDED. BY HANnA FULLER. Mr. Prindle was a wide awake man, a always -wore his hat on the back of hil head, the bettor to see what was going on in the world, perhaps. Mr. Prindle was a man having a fair share of common sense; he was likewise a man of resources. But he was also a man with a hobby, and that hobby was a belief in the existence of ghosts. That he had never seen even the shadow of a ghost, and that none of his friends had over seen one had notthe least effect on his belief. That his wife said that it was simply absurd for a man of his understanding to entertain such a belief had, likewise, no effect upon him. Neither did the fact that all of his friends, of com men and uncommon sense, had succssfully cornered him in their arguments against the existence of such supernatural creatures. He was evidently, grounded on the determination to keep the altar of reverence for this particular superati tion fully alive with the proper incense. Mr. Prindle otherwise had a prosaic and philosophical existence; but this one harmless hobby gave him the poetry and romance that oven the most practical nature craves. He mightoccassionally be seen frequent ing graveyards at the solemn hour of mid night or standing in scant attire in the "wee sma" hours of the morning, vainly endeavouring to connect some creak of a windy door or squeak of a gallivanting mouse with the appearance of his long looked-for ghost. And as Mr. Prindle was no coward, lie fully intended to interview his ghost when he was so lucky as to catch him. But as yet lie has been un successful. One Monday night in early November, while preparing for bed, Mr. Prindle was arrested by a peculiar sound in the.back yard. lie was just on thopointof putting on his bedgown, but he instinctively stopped long enough to raise one'cornorof the window curtain and look out. 'Heosaw only the faint outlines of white garments on the clothes line. There was no moon, and the starlight only gave objects out of doors a dim visibility. Mr. Prindle pro ceeded to don the garment in hiis hand but his mind was so occupied with the noise that he did rot observe that hlie had put on his wife's garmontinstead of his own. And as his wife was a tall woman, and lie scarcely medium height, the garment just escaped dragging. A slight breezeo swaying the clothes line, or some other noise, caused the good man to look again, when-good fortune at last! he saw a strange, white appArition moving slowly along in the farther cdrner of the yard! With awe-struck gaze, he watched its' gliding, snail-like, through the brown weeds, now and then stopping, and some times raising ghastly arms toward heaven, as if in supplication. Mr. Prindle's eyes fairly stood out of his head in his astonish ment ; for though. 'he beliovad. most thoroughly in ghosts, he never expected one to be so accommodating as to come to his very door. This was an opportunity not to be neglected. Entirely unconscious of his attire, so absorbed was he in his discovery, -he mechanically drew on' his boots, seized his hat, and rushed pre cipitately down tihe stairs and out of the hall door. His wife caught a glimpse of him vanishing through the door, and screamed out," Mercy on us, father, what under the suns are you about?" She rushed to' the door and locked and lis-. tonaed, but scding nothing and hearing only an indistinct rushing, sound in the dry weeds, she concluded he was only "after one of his notions," as she' called his ghost hunting (a state of affairs she had become somewhat accustomed to). and so she went quietly upstairs and hunted in vain for her missing.robe. Meanwhile Mr. Prindle, in an ecstasy of asiticipation, was cautiously approaching the frightful object in the back yard. It. had moved away from the 'fence and was standing motionless, except when it made U' ou i5 aruns. is siu." jfrniu gazcoe'stL tently at it, it seemed now almost to vanish in the air, and then to grow bright, till it glowed in the darkness' with a strange, unearthly brilliancy. M r. Prindle's heart stood still for a moment and then commenced to thump, in a most un" Prindle like manneor, against the place where his waistcoat should have been. "How foolish, to be frightened at a ghost!" he thought ; and yet, do what lie would; ihe could not prevent a creeping sensation stealing over him as hlie neared the spectre. And was that a groan lihe heard? He was sure he could distinguish its laboured breathing, But he resolutely pushed on towards it. He stopped on a bit of dry brush thatocrackled under his feet and actually made him jump. He was disgusted, with himself. Looking up, he saw-good heavens ! the ghost raised its arms toward heaven with a wild mo tion of alarm and rush&. away with light ning-like speedl ]r. Prindle rushed frau tically after. And now that the different parts of my story may dovetail nicely, I must tuirn'to their scenes and other charac ters connected with it, Mr. Prindlehad adaughter, a girlprotty enough to be put bodily into any novel - she was also'gay and livelyand coquettish. Theio old story that is told of many other young girls may beo told likewise of Millie Prindlo; she had many rdmirers; and she also had a lover. There seemis to be. a kind ofrfatality about a girl's lover; if she is sober. and dignifiedin her domeanour,he willprobably be. a young .scapegrace;-but cif she is a coquette, and brimming all over with youthi.ul effervescence, he will likely enough be a' black-robed minister, or a sober and solemn dyspeptic;, or an awk wailrd, bashful man. At all, events, Millie Prindle was a lively coquette, and' her: lover, Jack 'Wilder, was shy' and' baphful and homely. "All the more did he love Millie for her beauty and gaiety;'and'I am? not sure but she loved him all the 'more. for. his bashfulness and homeliness. When .Jack could'gain'the coutrage to pay her his'addresses, then-he was super latively happy;. but when" he lacked that courage and some one else stopped in ahead of him, then he "vas miserable indeed. He had been. superIatively happy masy tinies.lately; and because Millie had preferred his company .to that of,Joe Hall, one of the ladies' men of the village, he concluded that matters\wore really ripe for settlement. It was with this thought in his mind,' and' a determinatioru to pro pose to Millie if he could raise his courage to the desired point, that he had, on this very evening, gone with her .to singing school. Hoehad paid special attention to Ills appearance, and had studied over and over the form of words that he thought he ohght to use in making his proposal. Thus equippdd, 'lieo had started for Mr. Prindle's. in good humour with himself and e?erybody else. Millie came into the sitting-teoom, 'dresed in brovwn and pink, sparkling with smiles and dimples, ldoking for all the world, lik- a sweet pea- or an apple- blossom.' Jack .thought, when he,: bid her good-evening, thuit he. should like; above, all- things,'to take 'her into his sirms and kiss *her- -rosy "lips.. During their. walk? to the school-house he felthim. self almost in Paradise, so blissful was his' state.' He even had the audacity to peep under the blimi of Millie's' .hat when they passed a lighted. wvindow, and' the sight of her pretty, roguish face, all lit up with emiles and dimples, sent his heart going it-a-pat, and a glow of delicious rapture 1ulsating through his veins.' Would he dare kiss her, he thought. What if he should, some time ! Then, while hernimble tongue was runningon about'thisandthat, dearcely waiting for Jack's "yes" and '"no," lie was questioning himself thus: ' What if I should ask her now to be my wife! I'll never have a bettor tinhe; and then itwill be off my mind." But the bare thought of doing it now made cold drops stand on his forehead and his knees fairly shake. And he almost felt as if he never oculd do it, never. While they were at the school-house, he was completely thrown in the shade by the rattling chatter of the girls and their beaux, who swarmed about Millie at recess like moths aboiut a candle. He was gnawed with envy of their auda cious ways, and felt small andinsignificant enough to sink into the groiind. For this reason the walk home wasa very quiet one on bis part, though Millie made several futile attempts to draw him into conversa tion. The exhilaration of his walk to the school-house was wanting during his walk from it. It was in this condition that he and Millio approached the Prindle mansion. The absence of the moon made it neces sary for them tqbo carefulof theirfooting. How ghostly everything looked in the dim starlight I The clothes hanging on the lino looked like swaying spectres. The hitching post by the gate reared itself up in the gloom like a veritable goblin. An owl in a distant tree hooted out a weird note or'two. Just as Jack put his hand upon the gate to open it, there appeared before their astonished gaze an appalling sight, a sight that froze the very blood in their veins. Around the corner of the house rushed two frightful, gleaming. apparitions. They were making straight for Millie and her lover. With a loud moan Millio clutched .Jack's'arm and started on a run for the house. She never stopped until both, were safely ',inside the little sitting-room. Here a lamp, turned down, was hospitably waiting Millie's return. "Hadn't I better go and see what that is? " inquired Jack, hesitatingly, divided between his desire to'stay with Millie ahd his desire to show his valour. "No, no, no !" exclaimed Millie ; "don't leave me for 'the world! I should die of fear." . And Jack-well, wlhat could lie do but comfort her? He actually went up to her and put his big arms about her pretty little waist and said, " Dear Millie, don't be afraid. I won't let anything hurt yoe.t' He was' almost overwvhelmned, though, at his temerity; but nothing dreadfulhap pened; in fact, Millie actually seemed to like it. So Jack grow still bolder and actually put his face close to'Millie's and whispered i " Say, Millie, do you krowv" I love you with all my heart, and I' couldn't let any thing hurt you? Won't you be my wife, Millie P" and lie puthis face a little.closer to Millie's and, if you'll believe it, im printed a rousing kiss on her red lips; his knees didn't even shake, either. But I'll tell ybu what'dii happen. Mil lio'fairly forgot all abtui the ghost and slipped a tinyhand into Jack's, leaned her head on his shoulder 'very contentedly, and said, "Yes, of coursr.i will, Jack, with' all my heart." . .... Now we must 'leave this sweet, idyllic scene and return to poor Mr. Prindle and lhis ghost. The son of.? Mr.. Prindle now appeared.upon the scene. Bill Prindle had stopped a few moments on his way from singing sshool to hobnob with a com rade' in mischief, and 'so had only just' arrived at home., Bill- was fourteen,, and "chock ":full" of ' what older people irreverently call "Cain,"'butl which the boys themselves call " fiun." ' Bill had"?all his father's courage, and so when he spied the two' fleet-footed ghosts, parading through the yard, he considered it his duty to fall into line also. He soon dis covered that the hindmost ghost was his father in dishabille, and as now his fathlr waspuffing and labouring to keep up with the other ghost, Bill offend to relieve him; and, :without waiting for permis sion, 'he soon drove.. the ghost into a fence coiner and actually ceptured him. What was Mr. Prindle's comternation to dee Bill leading up the ghost as tame as a kitten, and himself- conmulsed with laughter. What could it'meai ?" i ? Look liere,.father," crier Bill, "it's nothing but the old mare bhet under the clothes line and carried off yocr shirt on 'ier back ! Ha, li, ha! " and fill rolled gver on the ground in convulsitns.. - The light, streaming from tdo sitting-, room window illuminated the following Stableau : Mr. Prindle, ".standng with hands on hips and javi dropped, he picture of disgust and. cha"rin'; the lirse, with head erect, nostrils dilated,: eye glaring. s?, cthefrgethihi rsearin aienr ecsey!'of te light;, the lovers in a tender embrace at theowindow. Let the curtain fall. 