SUMMARY OF NEWS FOR HOME READERS. The Govornor Sir Geprge C. Strahan has beend in residence during the fortnight at Go- vei'iimont Houso. Ho recoivcd« ladies nndi goñtloiñou on tito afternoon of thoSid inst., froiil 8'tóGo'clock.'- Thofó'vínáàlnr^d¿atlfor-1 iug of the Mil ' Oftíió 'city aihi'sliburbV, * Tho, Colonial Auditor, .Mr. Win. Lovott, 1ms'rotuniod'from his,six monthsltrii>''Uo Englnndl 'Agood doal of HitrpriHb ts'iiinnl fcstod that i no'information of-'I ali official! charactcrihas been received from, the Agent-, Goueral (the IlrJn.i Adyo Douglas). iSiriWin. Stawell, Chief JtiBtico.ofYictprin, vi ho lias boen to England on leave of absence, on account, of^ho.stato of his,hoalth, arrived, in ', Hobart, per ' s.a. Doric from London, pii the4th inst. rSir William and,Miss Stawoll,' woroontertnltiod nt-Government House, nntl left for Melbourne by tho'Southorii C1039 ort' tho4thiusfc, '-i I-"i '-'" <" .' il'i'<". mt Sorgt.-Májor'iBróvin, 'who comes- to' the' colony as instructor of tho'PormanontfForco, arrived by, tho s.S. Doric," Ho bolotÍRS to,tho Royal Artillery, and was-sp-jcially, chosen, nt tlio i-omicHt,o£i,Colono'(Legge, by/tho,War, Oillco, for tho position which [bohns, now ,ni-, rived, to fulfil. . , jj |, ,','.' , ' ' ' |, Mr. Charles Dowdoll, is, in'receipt of tho gratifying intclügonco per English mail that his son, Ml-. ' G.' Seymour' DowdellJ, at tbo April examination ' successfully ' passed as M.K O.S., Lôniloni Mr.'Dowdbll, who'is a' Tasmanian scholar, will continual nisi studies nt tho 'Univorsityi Colloge,' Gowor-stroot,i London. 1 , , ,, ! , ' mi'li» I m i . TJio lion. ff. J. Brown, Minister ofi,Lands, mid Works, 1ms,, boen permitted¡ by, H,or Majesty to rctajn tho' titlo, of|, "Jionoiablo ', within tho colony pf Tasmania on his rotiro- , mont from ofhco. , , , An ofllcial visit lins boon paid by the mem- bers of tho Ministry including tho Premier and Chief Secretary (tho Hon. J, W. Agnew),' tho Minister of/Lands and Works (tho Hon. N. J. Brown), and tho Hon.iW.I di. ¡Burgess (Trcnsnror), to tho Fishorics establishment at Battery. Pontt, organised and presided over by "tho Superintendent', and Inspector of Fisheries, Mr. AY. Savillo-Kont, F.L.S., and by whom thoy woio conducted over tho pro- mises. Tho eslnblislniieht as now cohstitutod consists of tho marino biitchory or' anuni ium, rocontly l-omovod, with sundry addittoiiH.i floin its original location in Goru-stioct, and, a scries of ? tidal ponds pppciully, constructed: for^ho cultiii'0,01 oystoi-s or ,for marino fish Konornlly. ', The water is circulated through, tho inoduim of ono df,Brtiloy'n hot-air engines,, BO that tho' Advantages' of,'a continually re- newed supply of fresh soo/wator is ensured. ; Tho "mechanical 'nrrnnguïnents 'are 'so dis- posed that' in the bvent of a storm or Hood rendering tho outsido water .temporarily) un- suitable for ndmission into the tanks, the supply-pipe can bo, disconnoctod, aud circii-, lation and tho nccosssary ' tiui-atiim of the water maintained fiom a reservoir situate'd bonciith tho floor of tho building. The Min istois Imv nig oxamitied and made themselves acquainted with all its working details, com plimonted.Mr. .Saville-Kcfit, on faking thoir, dopai-tiiic, upon tho advanced Htago of oin-', doney lo which tho. fisheries establishment bad licon already dovoloped. , ' ' , , A juvenile club of nil interesting tinturo has just been started in Hobin t by a'number' of ladios for tho pnrposo of rosculng strcot arabs and teaching them botter modes of life. The idea wnB originated by the l-julios' Christian Tempoi-anou Association, but with a view to widening its ¡scopo several other ladies wcio admitted as members of tho com- mit I co. Thopiojoctis to have a club-room whole tho yoiingstors can sit nnd read,'and have a good meal if they want it. Thoru will also bo amusements providdd, Vmch'us magic lanterns, innsio,"ftc. A small fee will* bo chai god, thus enabling tho boys to feel tlioir independoiico. ' ; , Mr. R, G. Boadon, Hobart, has been ,apt' pointed temporary Commissioner of Requests in coiiscquonco of tho illnoss of Mr. white- foord, Launceston, mid has conducted, tho Juno Courts. Mr.Honry Lyno'has bcon ap- pointed ' i ogistrar of the, Court of General Sessions Finirai, in'succossion of Mr. Thos. Sponcor ; and Mi'. Tasman Morrisby, Ravous dalo, Glonorchy, has noon appointed a jus- tice of the peace for Glonorchy, during his tenure of .tho office of councillor in the municipality, ' , , , ¡ Lottei's ot naturalisation liavo boon granted to two Gormans-Peter Hocck, bricklayer, Emu Bay, and' James ¡Conrad,!,bootmaker, Now Norfolk. iii, i / . Tho following probates bavoboon grantod: Mary Smith to Charles'John J onion, anil Fiodcrick William Piesse, £1,710. Michael Camiliis Ryan to Anne Ryan, £205 ; Maria Wobber to Androw Gommel^ £'1,720; and Udwnul Palmor JSdg¡iitoii¡ £30j. " , \- Lottois of administration of tho lands, Í;ooda, etc., of, Preston Hugh Webber, havo jecn giantod to Marion Rubina Wobbor, tho 'catato being sworn under £7£ö ; Elizabeth Parkor to Aloxaudor | Parker,i £3b0 ; and of Cntherino Collins wei o grantod to James Daniel Collins, the estate being sworn at £1,778. Mr. A. H. Boyd has been appointed return- ing officer for the electoral district of Huon and Franklin, in place of Mr. H. L. Crowther, resigned. A movement is on foot 'to croot a Presby- terian Church at Paiattah. Designs havo boen pieparod by Mr. F. Fox, architect, showing a suitable stiucture 30ft. by 10ft., with a Gothic arch and lineal. Subscriptions ni o boing received,! und ithu project ¡3 boing warmly advocated by the Rev. J. Campbell,, Oatlands, who hitherto has been conducting occasional survicos in tho public school, | Parattah. If success attends tho ulforts of the Piesbytorians hero, tho first chinch in, tho district will bo oioctod. i , , ¡ i ; The coininittuo appointed nt n l econt meet- ing in the Town Hall of agriculturists, pas- ' toralists, and others intorosted in tho rabbit | nuisance to confer with, tho Attornoy Gonoral as to tho required amended logisla- ' tion for tho destitution of rabbits, mot on tho-' Xst itist., in tim office of tho lion.'socrotary toi tho Southorn Tasmanian (Agricultural muli l'astoral Society. Thoio was a good atten-i ilanco, and tho dolibeiations oxtendod from | 3 o'clock until 7-45. At 8"30 p.m. the com-1 inittao pioceeded by . arrangement toi tho¡ Public- buildings, and interviewed.tho Hon., .J..S. Dodds.'Attoi-iioy-Genoral. There woro, Îirosont : Messrs. .lohn Mci edith, John Tay or, W. H. Bonnott, Wm. Burbury, n. 15 , Headlam, II. J. Brock, W. IS. Shoobridge,! C. :E.; Davies ï(hon.> socrotary), and-Mr. T. Tnbart (inspector of stock). Mr.i John Morodith explained that as tho iiumbor of inspectors must.bo increased, thoy roconi moniled an additional taxation on1 sheep, not! exceeding OJd. per headland vvhatovor sumí over and abovo thnt is roquirtíd should bol contributed from tho consolidated rev onuo of tho colony. Tho committee worcof .opinion, that tbo.systom of ¡lining porsons whorol they had uoftlocted to cau-y fout tho iii-l structions of tho inspector was,a nfistako,! and that, in lieu of that', tho inspoctorj should havo power, immediately nftor giving duo ndtico, to ontor upon his Innd and carry out tho provisions of tho Act at the oxpenso' of the occupier. They had amonded soction! 3 of 47jVict», No. 15, by introducing a portion of soction 8 of i4l> Viet., No. 35, wluch was ro \- pealed i by 147, Viet.-, No; 45, withi-a/vlow to giveitho inspector sufliciuut power to destroy) rabbits whorp nogligoncu | had boon ovincOcf.' Anothoraltorution that had beon Tiindowas to' strike out, altogotboi- the clauses No. 7 and 8 in 47 Viet., No. 15, which givo tho chiof in-, Hpiiçtor powor with roforonce to gorso hodges . mid briars,' > They woro of opinion that thoso idiould bo included in a NoxiousiWoeds Bill,' »nd powois ¡given' to the inspectors under, ,- that Act! Ho also-pronosod to includo " roads; .and railways," which] wera in some cases ; grput i harbours for rabbits, and l suggested 'that* tho nnmoi i.VSoab Act" i should he abolished, and tlio two Acts combined might voryiappropriato¡V'bo termed tho Stock and Rabbit Act. i, After some I conversation tho (lAttornay-Geoorni qiroimsod to puti the,bill .into shape, that it niisht meot with the a¡> approval of, tho landholders and j thoso most interested1 initho question, mid he would bo glad to Bondidraft copies of' it to all of thom foi" perusal . and any suggestions that they might dosiro to make upon it. Tho depute; ition thou withdiow. i iii'/ i Tho Government hn\o/uow in hand tho construction of adéquate storago accommoda- tion in immediate proximity to tho whare nt Formby,1 River Marsey, and' will alao ¿on utruct siding from the railway to the storoa in oidor to givo ovoiy possible facility for the storing and shipping of goods. ' > Tiie icHidt of the State school examinations was issuod on tho 7th ¡nut: by Mr. Bulo, Honior inspector of schools, and Mr. Inspec- tor Bourdlllon. The examination» took place simultaneously in Hobart and Launceston, and the successful candidates aro:-Boy». Albort E. Solomon, !XX) marks ; Thomas Maloney, 855 ; Joshua N. Manley, 825 ; John Killalea, 7M: Peter O. Carlson, 825: W. G. Peacock, 740. Girls.-Ada Bonnily, 656. Tho following also qualified, having obtained inoio than tho necessary 600 marks :-Edgar McConnor, 738; diarios John Vaughan, 732 ; John Jnmos Peacock, 1055 ; Arthur A. Blyth, 653; Alfred W. PVPittJ636; and H. E. Navoly, 007. Thore wore23boy candi- dates forward, »¡x of Whom woro Hucceasfid in gaining exhibitions, and six qualified, but only ono out of tho four girls who competed gamed the nocessary number of marks. The recommendation of Ministers that £1,000 each should bo allocated from tho vote of £",000 passed IUBI1 sosaioiil foi aid to doop sinking m nuning, on ' tho conditions named, in tho Act, and m tho i emulations of tho foi' lowing companion, has boen ¡ngiocd to by tho Goveinoiviu'Couucil -Tho Wls.t Now Chum '(Lofrojj, tho Moonlight (Boaconsliold), and tho Lofioy (Boaconstiohlji i As regal da, tho application of the Now Nativo Youth Cp ; jit la decided thal £1,000 is held m ioscr\o ponding tho pumping of\tbo mino, which has tobq accomplished boforo thp insphetdr of iiilnos (Mr Thureau) can ropoi t upon it^ The I application of tho ,Wpst, Gumbol land .Tin, jiuiningOp ioniums m a simUai position1 ti The nppointiiiont of Mr O lî JlcdborçrnS suporintondont of police of New Town and Quoonbqi oiigh liaè boon cbhfirlnod. 'I I "", 3 Tho City PAthorH at thoir laufe mooting had a sinai t debato o\ j,i tlio question as to how tho Mayoi should'bo olOctedi'/Aldornlan Arnott introduced tho' subjocbiby proposing I that tho Mayor should bo elected by tho j cltirons from nmOtig the nldcimeu, and wa» ? 'supported by Alderman Hiddlcstono, Crup, mid Crouch Tlio othor four alderman do fowled tho nrosont mode of olôctiOit, and on ia divisióh buitif; taken, His Woislnp, as/is enstomnry in cases ot cquahty, voted in foi oui of tho question ibdmg further | con- sidered.!! Aldormuu Arnotts motion accord- ingly wa* lost ) ! The subjoct of international copyright has boen under tho consideration of tlio Govern niont./ittheiequostof Loid Granville, and tho.Cliiof Socrotary (Dr Agnew) lias replied that Tasmunju ncdedes to tlio Copyright Union, with one oi two small modifications According to this agreement foreign authors will ha^o copyright in the colonies, and colonial authors a snnilni protection In foroign countries ' America, howover, is not included tn'tho compact l ' ' ' ' ' ' > ¿ * A meeting callod by the Cntholic Young Moll's mid kindred societies of those favour nblo to tho Government of Boland Bill, at pi osent boforo tho Imponaipurliaiuenf, was hold on the evening of tho 2nd mat, in tlio Tasmanian Hall, Mr James Gray, M H A , pi osidmg Thoi o wci o about 100 proscrit A motion in favour of thoBill TO urtnniriiously edi ried, and a cablegram to that effect was w ircd to Mr. Gladstone. ?> . > Tho cabio rocoipts paid in Tasmania for tho mouth of May lajt'amountcd to £40212s. Gd.-, au<0ompa-ièdiWitli,£372 ¡¡s., Sd.,saiue iiio'nth lastiyoar,; and thoroiwas'iiaid olapwherp £343 12s. 2d., in comparison with £308 3s. fid. for. the corresponding, month last year/ 'The iminbar of niossugósíwas' 4,799 as compared with ,4,302,. last year.' Dilling jthe', month thoro was1 paid £101 7s. Od. for Proas lnossagoa in Tasmania,'ufuj £12s. Oslolsowh'oro.i I" II Up'to thb' present Urne'tho Jroysteny HUT rounding > tho ¡'Unding of tho skeleton of a man 'at Kowstock,! Oatlands, ,on .tho 21st, April, has not boon' satisfactorily cleared up,, The pouce )iavo beon assiduous in thou*, en-, quiriOH as.to"thotidoqtity of tho, decqaspd, and although thoy liavo not y,ot' obtainou clqar identification, they boliovo'that thóy liâvo obtained' a' cluo. "If 'the' police aro on' the right track,'tho 'remains1 will provo to bo thoiio of John 'Jones, 'wholrosidedifit Both ¡well, mid loft thereabout the 20th October,, 1885.1' ni J -., /,.i".i , i MU i i i 'A'HerlóuV Aro oceurrod lat lAvocft. about midnight on dhoq'Uet ult., by,which,aniold niau nitniodi'Jamos .Biown, a«(M,Stunnor, I Bl own,, was (mi nod to death., Brown, wh6 l was in the employment of ,Mr. Richard I Stanley,, was taken I161110 drunk, and' lio is supposed by some nccidont to lilivo sot1 fire to tho placo.' Mr¡ 'Stnnloy'a grnnd-dauglitor, ¡first gave the alarm, nnd had it not beau for I the unusiial lareo niunhor ofppoplo that woro I on thb'itownship the whole ofi tho dwelling must'havo! been consumed,i as nothing but, willing hands cotdd atop the firo from getting I into a'large latnck of wood .close, to,tho ¡kitohon.,, Tho, wholo of tho outbuildings, I with nearly uioi-ything theioin, wore burnt , to the ground, including 'a stock of hay. A I foal also succumbedbóforo assistance arrived. Great Sympathy iS'foH for'Mr.1 Stanley; nono of the buildings being insured."' ".I" i I 1 A Kro,nccompniiied with disastrous circunir stances occurred at Oatlands oi\ iFriday, «1th inst., on tho ostatu of tho ' late Mr. Askin Moi'riBon.i A shepherd iiumc'l John Apple- ton loft ¡lia hut in the morning, and on his return, after (ho labours of, tho day,, ho found his homo burned to tho , irronucL Tho dis ticsslng'pnrt'of the nffiur is Hint the htit con- tinued tho savings which Apploton had put past ¡or Hovoral years.' Ho enjoys tho ' repu- tation of being'h steady, industrious, enro fni man, and much sympathy is foit for himi It has boon suggested ithat tins sympathy should talco a practical form, i i, . 'iA portion oflNiciiolls' C'arriago,,Corita, Hobart, woro totally destoryod by firo on the ovoning of tlip 7th lust. The loss' ¡s cov'orcd by Insurance. . . - ' ' ' ' ' ' i I ' Mr. -A.'Itl Boyd has boen appointed ro- tin nitig ollicor for Uio electoral districts of Hiiaii'andi'FraiikUi!, ill succession to H.X. Crowther. William II. Glovor is appointed ns commissioner of minos for tho northern mid .«puthera mining district of Tasmania under the M¡nera¡ Landa Act of 18S41 Hoiiry Lucas Crowther1 has 'roceivod tho appoint- ment 'of commissioner !6Er mines i for I tho western district of Tasmania anil tho gold- fields under tho Goldfields Regulation Act, also 'tho nppohitiuunt/ as stipendiary magis- trate and coroner, at Waratah,;and ¡visiting magistrate and, coroner for i tho district [of Macquarie, in,¡succession ¡to Mr.'William Henry Glover.. Ho is like» ¡so 'appointed ns commissioner, of the Court of Requests, and logistrar' of tho, Couit of '.Requests' at Waratah, in succession to Mr. A. K. Chap- man, fronl tlio 1st 'July noxt. I , t ' ? i > Tho Qovorninciit Statislican reporta that during1 tiio month of Moy 158 births-81 males and 75 females-were rcgistcicd in the legislation districts of Hobart and Launces- ton. This shows an incroaso of 4 births as compaiod with the con cspoiidiug month last year ; and nu incroaso of 1U'20 as compaiod with tho corresponding month last year ; and an increase of 16*20 as compared ' with the average 'of tho births registered in 'May during the ¡ust fivo-yoarly period.! To ovoiy 1,000 of tho population of tho tw o ! districts the proportions i of births ircgLstorcd , wera as follows :-For Hobart, 3'28 ;|for Launceston, 3 16 ; nl¡, 3*¡5. Tho i deaths registered in May, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 01-52 "malos, and 30 .fomalos, ,12 deaths, or 35'lü por coiit. of tho wholo, took" piuco in institutions. Tho total number- of deaths registered in tho two districts dur- ing1 Mny, 1880, ¡S'' loss 'than that for tho con csponding ? month last year by 2, and shows adecroasoof b'40as compared with tho average number of, doatlis registered in May during the last livo yearly period. , To ovory 1,000 of tho population of the respec- tivo divisions the proportions of deathrregis toiod woro as follows t-Hobart, 1*32; Laun- ceston, 1-07 j all, 1*84. | Tho doatlis under livo yoars of ago iiumbored 22,iOr, 24*18 per, .cent., of, which x8 wero, under 1 .year ,'of ugb; tho doatlis botwoon 0 and ,70 years of ngo num- bered 45, or 40*45 per cent ;' mid the doatlis 70 ycars'and' upwards nnihboi'od 124,'or 20*37 por conti 'The following shows ,tho numborj of doatlis registe* ed In Hobart and Launcas 'ton respectively ¡n'tbo month of May during! tho hist" Six yoarsf-Hobart, 1881, 61 ¡'1882,, 60; 1883," 00 ; 1884, 68; 1885, 59:11886,' 01. Í1 Launceston, >'1881,' < 30 ; '1882,. 30 ;l !1883, 46 ; 1881, 27 ; 1885,34 ; .188(1,30.1 .Tho births mid ideatlis registjired in the ..country districts during the, month of May work as follows-' tho first 'number'givon representing births and tho second number deaths "-in each dis- trict named:-North Eastern; 64-13 ; i North Woaíorrí, '-59-0 ; Midland,. '43-15 ;,., South Eaatorn, 54-14,-, South ¡Western, 12-3.1 All country districts, 232-54. Pioporttonof births per 1,000 porsona, 2*71 j proportion of deaths, .63. Tho proportions in 1885, were 2'34 *03, and in 1881, 2.7ÍV08. , , , , , , ' , Di Bingham Orovvthoi delivered thq third, ! of his serle of health leçtuits, undci tho auspicos of fjho Y M; C A , in tho Tow n Hall, on Monday, thd 7tb lust Tlfoi 6 was a fauly, largo attui lineo of tho public, and "Bishop1 Sandford occupied tho chair ! There wero also on tho jil ttform Messrs John Macfar ' lane and H Vautin, vico president and socre tary, respectively, of the YMC Association Tho subject thoson foi tho lecture was,' " What ovorj ono should know or, tho diges-l tivo organs, thou fortunes and nusfoi tunos j , Leave of aliscncu has boon giantcd to Canon Banks Smith, St George's, Battoryj Point, , , ",il The Pinta! iailway,vyill bo officially opened, on tho 29th Hist, Thoro will bo a banquet nt ruinai, and other coioinotiics Usual bp stich oc.cu,sionst and doubtless a considerable mini bor of visitors T^io polico aroDostirring.to check tho wholoi »alp poaching and aostraét'c-n of immature! fish, which has boon too much tho rulo in tho Dorwont 'Jafely A man tmmod Self was fined in a smart ponalty for exposing under-, mod flounders for said, and another inmi named Appleton has been fined £J, with the option of two mouths in prison for illegal fishing Sergeant Oakes, an oxcollent boatman, and who distinsnishod himself soably whilo In charge of tho wharvos, has been pi emoted to Bridgewater with tho rank of sub-inspector, to specially watch tho hslilng mtorests The piomotion is well merited, and fi om tho Btart he bo has made it look as if ho would soon havo tho poachers undor wholesome control Tho íoturn football match botwoon the Essendon (Victorian) team, and ono repro sonting Southorn Tasmania, took placo on the 20th ult on tho now recreation ground at Risdon, and resulted m a win for Southern Tasmania by a gaol and 10 behind«, tho game standing, when timo was called, as follows - Hobart, 2 goals IO bohinds, essendon, 1 goal 0 bohinds In tbo ovoning tho teams were entertained to dinner in the Carlton Club Hotel, under tho presidency of tho Treasurer (Hon W H Burgess,), and left for Laun costón at 10 IO, «» rout« for Melbourne Before the party broko up the Essendon I I I . I . , * team inado a giacoful iprosciitation to His ÍWorship tho Mayor'of Hobart ih aéknowlcdg nonl of. his hospitality during thçir, \¡s¡t. The not finan ein) rusult of,tho reconticon coitfortho benefit} ,oÇ, Hore Schott, who is stricken down by.illncss, nftdr payment of all expenses, iiWouiitoil td £110,W.' Mr., K. P" Wiláon; ' lho"oriorgctió' secretary," and'''the jollier membors of -the' committee who or Iguuisod tho movoíiióiífí'aiid Wbikod hnid to !achiovo Biic'doss/lnaV bo congratulated on tho substantial result of .thoir ollorts./,'i'liao.ma tours,>wholalso I ronilorod klntUymassistanco,, aro gratified lo know that their oflortn^-oi suited in such ft sotisfnctoryiissiip. At tho Jialf-yearly mooting of tho Socioty foi- tho ProvCntioW of Oruelty'to Animals, it was reported'tlmo tho'Mayor lhad.promised that a propor supervision should Jin ov.orci.scd ovor licensed convoyancos and" tho horses un'o'd by thcipropriutorsV. A numbor of otho* matters wore dealt with, and tho socrotiyy's, report! shbwoil ¡thal, dpring¡ ¿lip pastj-jsix months correspondence hojl boqn hold w !th 13 places on tliq subjectif cruelty'to ani iiiials and moahs of abatoniont. During thu ]same pc^iocl/37[pt;pspcutions-'iad been taken, viz., 20 by tl(0 tjocioty's inspector an'd 17by tho Turritormllpolico. .Of thoso'. only three had hoon disniisso.d. T'>o woik of tho socioty j appears to be progressing' satisfactorily, and ¡there is nu ovulent incroaso of public into rostJnHts operations. -'I . I ¡J 1/ I rv\,J The aniiualiimoottngiil of-the, Wcsloyan Home Mission wore hold, 011 the 2nd, and 3rd j insta., in tho Wcsloyan Churches of, M.elvil]o and Davey streets. Tho annual roport was' read by Itov. H. Grconwopd, anti tho stato mont of accounts showed :-liicohio iiitercst,! otc, £024 Gs. 10d.; ront, £5; grant from Foroign Missionary Society, -JB150; siibscrip tions, £112ils. 2d.; total, £l,10Llus4 oxpondi titro amount duo to treasurers^ £517s.J; con 1 tingont fund, £350; intorest. Theological Institute, £25; grants td'.circuits,' £630 10s.; total, £1,005 17s., loaving n balauco in tho troosttror's lmiids' of l£t25,10?. Tho Rov. D. Alinear thon gavo addresses explaining the I objects of the socioty, nanioly, Hie strong to I help tho weuk/and'tho'iirocccdtugs through- out woro most guccossful. 1 The TuukWi Baths' in (Hobart,! which have boon closod for somo weeks, Havo boon ro I opened tindor now" management, and at a very modorato tarilf of charges. Tho now inana gor, Mr. W. C¡iestaii,|ha3 had many yoars' ox porionco in a' similar bathing establishment m England,,and Mrs. Ghoster, .who ¡-."also well bxpoHoneea,''will' haVd 'charge- of' the baths for ladies, . A now brandrot the' Protestant Alhanco I Friendly Socioty of Australasia was oponed | on M ho 31st nit htitho Chalmorsi schoolroom, Balhurst-strcot. It is named tho._Rpyal Stortdafd.Lbdgo. «ind tho joflicprs ? at pi osent olected aro as follows :-Bro. W. M. Piano . r_, _ . ,,. ^Brnsï W, Hasfan and' Bowden," Elders i'Brol Noll-¿ son,- Guardiah -»Bros. Moir' ^and Rowldont'. ¡Anditois; and G. H. Butler,'i Medical j t Olllcor. - 1 Tho Rov. Waltor Miller has given two organ rocitiils.uvthei Tqwn Hall ¡during tho fortnight in píosénco of largo'and fashion- able ittidloiicosy "j r' ,1 ,[ JJ J t u An important discovery of tin louo has beon discovorodj at. tfchp, Blue River Co.'s i ground, on what was forinorly Butler's soc tioui /Thod'scovoryrwas made fin, carry¡ng out Mr. Thui-cau's directions for prospecting tho'lsnme iwheii, atiltllb jtier.'i Aitpplondid sample OfiOiothns been pbtaineil"o,t the Full, Moou.claiiu. The, orp3,vvoiglis, about),^01b.,| ¡and iS|tljickly impi eguatcd wifji.tiii. .Tlio , s.s. Pateena on,lier ']ast,,trip to,Melbourne 1 took half a toil'of, tin, valqcd at £-17, shipped' by the Mount Bischoff'Co.', ond''61ox. 2dwt.' illgV.'gold; Valued'at £239,'sltippod by"thé' 'Bank of Van Diemen'« Land. -''-m ' ! Several of tjiegpld and titi minos aro yiold I [ng good roturns, and thoro 'is a marked 1 improvement in the, industry. ,Tho tributors I at the Flo'ron'co'Niglitingalo during the fort- night have cleaned up a crushing from tho nortl|th-nI reef j yielding 3floz." Sdwt.' ofcrotortod i gold. Tho amalgam from recent crushing of the «Tasmania' yiuldod,'2,033'oz. of rofórtódl gold from 1,694 tons of ,stouo crushed, the »vorngo boihglló.!.'4dwt. and a fraction to tho ton. Tho vnluo is i'7,,624 13s.,9d.,, , ." At a mooting of-the General Committed of tlio Toiuporanco Alliance tho- following_woro oloctod as the oxecutivo :-Rov. F. Shaun, Messrs. L. Lodgo;lP.' Facy; sen.,jGt. W/, Ife, G. T. Taylor, T. Cano, togothor with the, I trcasuror (Mr. G. -Hiddlostono) and tho I secretaries (Messrs. R. H. Androws and J. .Murray)?» ', Vii).ill i i t - :i-v 1 },' , St. Matthew's Church, Glonorchy, has vo oontlv boon repairodi' at a' eost'df £1C0.'J iThtf foundation-stono ofotliis interesting building | was laid by Sir John Fianklin, tho thon j Govornortof tho colony/ nnd I the' liinriroVe ¡ monts now offected wpro, ipuch roquirod. Tho sum of £75 has been paid olf the cost, and it is hopod''that ' tho . remaining1 'debt-will' ' bo' cleared off'by'OhristmasC "> Ha Jo-i JI III At tho Thoatro Royal, Mr. George Darrell, tho Australian author and actor, at tho'closo of lils rocont successfultsoason was treated to a grand rocosnitron bonofit., Thp boards aro now occupied "by /¿ho/Rickards- Ray nor Com b¡n¡rt¡on.Coiiipany,'whd'rtrd doing a very fair business. ./Uhuisliippiilglnrrlvols) forf-lho.jpas't ) fort- night;,, inclusivo of (intercolonial steamers and coaatw'iao vessels, hnve been 20, .and. tho de- partures 13r Thq first arrival .of., tho, foifr nlght \vhs one Of tho dif- ect'London'cargo Ijonts', tho's.S.'Gulf of ^Movico, which modo hor second appcaranco in our waiora on tho 31st ult.1 Tho pássago was rather'a-lengthy one, -which was put döwnl td Vtho oxtroinoly bad weather mot with nearly throughout the wholp|Vpyogq.ji Oi;os>jiiigpio ^Bayiof Biscay tho^stoanior got n soyoro dipssing, tho seas repeatedly sw'coplng the decks, washing'tho passenger dock Jittings cloon overboai d, and floodin, everything. Fiom .' thbncd rto the 'Capo tho- weather was very littlo bettor, and two-- valuable horses succumbed to its sovority. After passing tho Capo tho weather got worse instoad of bettor, and throq moro horses died, making livq out of tho sbveh sliipped. Thoso -woro ' all destjned for Mclbourno. A part of tho cargo'ulso shifted,' and considorablo dilficulty wasJmct with in securing it, I .The Gulf of Moxicohad on ¿board, .six saloon passengers for Mol boiii-no', lind 153 stcorago for Molbourno, Sydnoy, andiAdp|aido, and four, stcorago for this port , Beyond some casos of measles and whooping cough-, ti,ero was no sickness of a serious natnro on board.' ThoGulf of Mexico had on board 270 tons of gonoral cargo for this port, and a largo quantity of railway stock ifor Launceston. After landing^ hor cargo sho loft for Molbourno on tlio 1st inst., and after discharging-her portion of cargo nftor a fair paSsnige'df "lsdiiys from Oamaru, from which 11.pout » shb' brought 12,000] bushols of wheat. Sho has sinco dis- charged; th¡SÍ and loft 'for Nowenstlo ,with a full general cargo on thq 8th inst. Tho bal - Îuentino Empress'of China arrived at Wol ingtonon tho 29th ult. from this pqrt. ,Tho barques Margaret Heald and ' Natal Queen took' their ' departure ' on tlio ' 1st ' itist.,'tho formor for South'Amorica mid tho latter 'for Molbourno. Tho whaling barquo Waterwitch left Passago Point on a continuation of hor eruiso on tho 1st inst, "Tho Howard, barqtto, which was recently »trawlod at Ringarooma, has changed hands in Mclbourno for tho sum of £780." Tho'H.s. Doric, One of tho dolc bratcd '.Whlto Star'I lino of >'steamers, flying the hotiso . flag of i thou Shaw Snvill and Albion Co.,-put in an , appear- ance in the covo on tim 4th inst., aftor a good passage of a little qvor -ii) days froip Plymouth, tho, tota¡ sea and port time bopig 40 days 3h. 27nnn. 32sec. From Plymouth to | Teneriffe Hie diatanco waa run 5 days 33inin.. 32soc.i iFrom Teneriffe to the Capo toole Ki days 3h. lOniiu., and from thq Cnpoito this Ïiortl8days21i. 44min, OnthisvoyagothoDoi ic¡ lad an unusually largo passenger list, 00 of theso wore landed in Hobart,, tho division being na follow1» ;-Hobart, l.i ; Melbourne, 38 ; Sydney 20 ; Ad'olnidp, ,7 ; and Louncoston, 4\. Those foi* Melbourne,' Sytliioy,'a*id Adp laido left for'theil* rospoctivo destinations' by tho intercolonial i steamers. Besides these thoDorbhadu long passenger 'list for Now Zealand, ports., Tho,only particular inci- dents of tho voyage was 'a birth and ' a death amongst tho steerage 'paasoiiKOi-s,'/otherwiso tlie gonoral health was allthat could bo w ¡shed I for. Taking Hie trip on Hie wholo it was a j! fairly finolw eather ' olio. Tho I Doric IttTidcd, about 40 tons of èargo' hero, mid left for New, Zealand, poi tal tho I samo day.11 The barque'. Colostia arrivod from Whangarou, Now Zoa , lund ion the fitli inst. aftcr.alongthy possngo of,,33,days, which was,attributable to tho1 ,uniii"unlly, tempestuous weathot* mot with on I tho voyage. Silo brought a cargo of, kauri pino'¡n' ba¡k and tlttchos, wlitch shd ¡s at pro-! I Sent" discharging. ' On thb 7th inat. tho I barque 'Victoria put' in'1 on1 nppearanco from Lyttolton, Now Zealand, from which port! she ] brought 3,000 bags of'i wheat*' Thcpassago was a good olio, < occupying 17 i days. Sho is at prnsont discharging hor cargo, i Captain William, Gattin,, of Hie whaling barque Sapphire, on the present voy- age sufforcd from sovcio affliction of tho ' oyes, caused hy cold. The barque put Into I the Bluff, N.Z., nnd landed the captain to I seek medical advico. Captain Gaff In carno on to this port by tho s.s. Manapouri, which I arrivod boro on 7th inst. 'During his ah. I sonco Captain Wm. Sherbert will command j tho Sapphire. The river atoamer Victoria | lias had a condonsor fitted to her machinery. Mr. Wm. Bayes, of Battery Point, has just turned out a new Una boat to the order of Mr. Geo. Allwright,of Battery Point. She will compete in the 21 ft. yacht race In the ensuing yachting season. 