It is characteristic of the true Briton thai he never allows defeat to make him craven-hearted. His motto inva riably is, ' Try again,' believing- that success will eventually reward bis efforts. We feel assured that if the residents of the Hundred of Clare acted on this principle in the endeavor to establish an agricultural society in their midst they would succeed. The mere fact that the Clare Agri cultural and Horticultural Society seldoui received the support it should have had from land- and stock owners ought not to bar an attempt to revive interest in the working of such an institution. By some it may be considered inopportune to advocate the formation of an agricultural society during1 a period of general depression ; but it is to be hoped that we are on the eve of better times, aud as the land holders in this district are chiefly old settlers they are able to tide over an adverse season or two. We wouid also point out that failure is frequently the result of undue haste ai:d tbe absence of matured plans. If, for instance, a show is to be held at the end of Sep lemoer or me uegmmiig ui vjciuuer n is not too soon to make preliminary arrangements at once. The failure of the Clare Agricultural and Horticultu ral Society was due to a want of interest not on the part of those who had the management of it but on that of those who ought to have been exhibitors. The more numerous the competitors the more attractive would be the periodical shows to the general public. At the same time we must reiterate our conviction that uniform and uninter mittent success will never be assured until a paid secretary is appointed, and he must be a man of energy, for the only way to increase the membership of such institutions is to either wait upon the farmers personally or address them by circular, the former, of course, being the most effective method. Now, is it likely that any business man in Clare will neglect his own affairs and devote his time and energies to create and keep up an interest in a public society from which he receives uo benefit, but plenty of abuse ? The answer is, emphatically, No ; therefore if success is to be continuous the remedy we have mentioned must be applied. There seems to have been in the past a misapprehension on the part of many farmers as to the true objects of the society. When first established the leading residents o( Clare took a lively interest in its operations, and contributed liberally towards it funds. Nor did the}' throughout its checkered career withhold their support. That liberality and interest on the part of the townspeople was misconstrued by many of our farmers aud stockbreeders. They got hold of the idea that the society existed solely for the benefit of the business people of the town ; whereas the motive that actuated them was the general advancement of tbe district, which would be of benefit to everybody alike. It would be useless for the business people of Clare to attempt to resusci tate the society under the old 6ystem of working. If it is to be done it must be in the way we have slated. Tbe start ought also, we think, to be made by the few farmers and stockbreeders who in the past were stanch supporters of the society. Such an institution in the district would be of vast benefit if properly organised and managed. The want of suitable accommodation in the town for the various exhibits has cer tainly always been a drawback ; and the outdoor and indoor being neces sarily far apart has not helped matters. A. desire has been expressed by several agriculturists and pastoraiist6 that something might be done to start a society on a fresh basis. We therefore take this opportunity of bringing the matter before our readers with the hope that some of them will be prepared to give practical shape to the sugges tions. It might be said that were a society organised tbe difficulty as re gards accommodation would still exist, but this would be overcome in course of time- It has been suggested that the society's shows should be held at the Barn, Hill River, at which place the accommodation is ample, and which was some years ago kindly placed at the disposal of the Committee by Mr. J. H. Angas. The offer was not availed of, however, and for our own part we think the idea impracticable. The societ}' depends greatly upon tbe gate and door money for augmenting its funds, and if the shows are held nve or six miies irum auyyvuere iuuv source of revenue would, to a very large extent, be extinguished ; besides which it would be ver}T awkward for exhibitors, tbe bulk of whom reside to tbe south, west, and north of Clare, although there is no denying that the site might suit tbe Farrell's Flat and Burra people. It is, of course, essential that farmers should be protected from the competi tion of squatters with un limited wealth at their command, and this is a matter easy of accomplish ment by proper classification. We trust that, something will come out of this, and perhaps an interchange of opinion through our columns may help to bring the matter to a successful issue. The political storm predicted to bo raised by Mr. Coles in moving an .iinendmentonthe address in reply to the opening speech has not 'come off.' What the result may be is another question, but the speech itself is unworthy of the hon. member. He was evidently at a loss for material with which to make ft string of charges against the Ministry, nnd tho most trivial circumstance? were, for wnnt of something more subpt.'in tinl, made to do duty. Tlio Opposition leader conceived tbe idea that tlio Premier was too much of n *' boss' over his col leagues, and n charge was based on Unit supposition, although it was a matter that concerned the members of the Government more than the House. Alt t u -it came out of the charge went to show that iho head of the Government was always at his post, and, in tbe absence of a colleague, received deputations when necos«ary. Tho Opposi tion is surely hard driven when its leaders bring as a charge against the Ministry the fact that on one occasion vrliei; ibe Trea surer \vs»s indisposed tbe I'lvniicr took charge of a Mill in ihe dt-p utinrnt of the former, li U to the credit .if the Premier that he it such au all-round niin as to be able to do tin! woik of a cuileu^ua on an emergency, and thus prevent interruption to the bu«ine^3 of tbe House. Then, again, tbe Ministry is told that its promised policy was one of economy and retrenchment, and the question is then asked, ' How has it been carried out ?' Mr. Coles evidently thinks that questions put in a form implying shortcomings must necessarily prove such. As a matter of fact the Government has been economical to a fault, aud in its re trenchment policy has been severe. It Las done iu that directiou what form Ministries had not the moral courage to do. Another charge is that in December last it deli berately placed before tbe House a mislead ing statement of tbe atate of the nuances, particularly with regard to tbe railway revenue. The Attorney-General in replying to that charge repudiated any intention of misleading, aud stated, what boa. members must all know, that tbe Government was dependent upon the officers of the depart ment for estimates of revenue. In no way could it be an advantage to the Ministry to wilfully mislead the House iu this particular. Mr. Coles objects to the finances of the colony being played with in that fashion, and we also think that the Government should have exercised its own judgment in making up the estimates and not relied too much upon its officers ; but tbis is not a matter of such importance ae to necessitate the resignation of the Ministry. There is one remarkable feature in Mr. Coles's speech condemnatory of the Govern' meat, and that is he did not even hint that the Opposition had the bare ghost of a policy. He should have shown what he was prepared to do for tbe country, when lion, members would have been able to -judge between the two and vote accordingly. Tbe Opposition policy, if it is anything, is as yet ' a pig in tbe bag,' aud it may on being brought into the light prove exceed ingly iil favored. The Attorney-General in reply to Mr. Coles took up the various points of attack, and demonstrated that the Oppo sition bad a weak case as put by*tbe mover of tbe amendment. The debate was ad journed till Wednesday, when Beveral speeches of a not very interesting nature were made. .Mr. Rounseveil was bitter in denouncing the political urns of tbe Minis try, and others followed in his footsteps. A. division was to be taken last night. Auburn Rainfall. — The following is the rainfall registered at the Auburn tele graph station during the months named for the past four years, iu inches : — 1883\. 1684. 1885. 1886. January .. 0.115 1.7£0 0.610 1.540 February .. 0.890 0.000 1,750 0.040 March .. 0.900 1.820 0.540 0.070 April .. 1.320 1.650 0.640 1.270 May .. 6.370 3.626 1.690 1.470 June .. 2.780 5.300 3.000 July .. 4.110 0.420 1.(340 August .. 3.320 1.886 2.640 September.. 2.200 3.350 2.060 October .. 1.330 1.810 1.980 November . . 1.030 1.290 0.230 December.. 0.720 2.020 1.670 24.085 24.890 18.460 4.390 Vital Statistics, — Tbe Upper Wake field District Registrar reports having re gistered 7 births (2 male and 5 female) and 2 deaths (1 male and 1 female) during the mouth just ended. Clabe Quadhille Assembly. — The second hop of tbe season was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday eveuing last, when 20 couples attended. A most enjoyable evening was spent, and dancing was kept up with uuabated energy until midnight. Tbe next dance iu connection with the Assembly will be held on Tuesday, Mfiy 15. Visit of the Prince of Wales. — A meeting was held in the Town Hall, Ade laide, on Tuesday evening last, when it was unanimously resolved to invite H.R.H. the Prince of Wales to visit Australia during the holding- of tbe Adelaide Jubilee Ex hibition. The annexed resolution was carried : — ' That tbis meeting hereby ex presses its gratification at the prospect of H.RJI. tbe Prince of Wales paying a visit to Australia next year at the time fixed for the opening of the Adelaide Jubilee Inter national Exhibition, and on behalf of the people of South Australia offers him a loyal aud hearty welcome.' It was de cided to ask t|ie Governor to cable the wish of tbe meeting to the Prince of Wales, and no doubt if H.R.H. will favor the colonies with his august presence he will be right loyally received. Cable News. — The following Lvndon telegrams art from tha Adelaide dailies : — Tbe Hon. John Cox Bray, Chief Secretary of South Australia, has been offered and has declined the honor of being a Kuight Com mander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. Tbe Hon. Richard Chaffoy Baker, M.L.C, lias been made a Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George in re cognition of public services, especially in connection with postal matters. — The evasive answers given by Mr. Gladstone in the House of Commons as to bis intentions with regard to the Home Rule Bill are producing an increasing revulsion of feeling on the part of his supporters. Many members who bad simply intended to absent themselves from tbe division on tbe second reading of the Bill will now attend and vote against the measure. The meeting of Mr. Oharnber lain's followers iu Parliament took place as previously arranged, when 45 members were present. A resolution was jinHsed pledging those present to vote against the second rending of tho Government of Irelaud Bill. The defeat of tbe Gladstone Ministry, and the early dissolution of Parliament, is now considered inevitable. — The Greek Govern ment bnve sent ft forma] notification to the fjreat Powers that steps are being taken to disarm. At the same time they urged the immediate raising of tho blockade of the Greek yoits, — The cricket match Australians v. Oxford was wou by tbe former by 25 runs. Tbe Australians commenced tbe sixth match of the tour on May 31 at Manchester against an eleven of the North of England. Tbe Australians were tbe first to bat, but owing to tbe excellent bowling and fielding of tbeir opponents tbe wickets fell rapidly, tbe total reaching 45 only, towards which Jones again bended the list with 15 (bowled). During this innings Bonuor, whilst at the wicket, was struck by a ball and retired hurt. The home team fared even worse than tbe Australians, the last wicket falling for 34 runs. The visitors' fielding was excellent, and several brilliant catches were ninde. Tbe Australians iu tbeir second innings madeuo better display, and were ail disposed of for 43, Jams being the highest 6corer with 10 not out. The home team then commenced its second innings, and when the stumps were drawn for the day it bad lost 1 wicket for 15 runs, consequently the North requires 80 ruus to win the match with 0 wickets to fall. Clabe Rainfall.— Tbe folio wing shows the rainfall in New Clare during the months and years named, in inches: — 1883\. 1884. 1885. 1886. January . , 0.265 1.355 0.525 0.710 February .. 1,630 0.000 1.400 0.000 March .. 0.940 2.435 0.450 0.000 April .. 1.145 1.945 1.560 1.220 May . . . . 4.730 4.675 1.925 1.275 June.. .. 3.055 4.660 2.900 July.. .. 3.445 0.460 1.935 August .. 3.315 1.530 2.215 September .. 2.750 4.205 2.275 October .. 1.315 1.G60 2.185 November .. 0.950 0.676 0.300 December .. 1.550 1.580 1.590 25.090 25.080 19.200 3.205 Criminal Sittings. — At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, Adelaide, on Tuesday Robert Samuel Anaear pleaded guilty to forgery and embezzlement while manager of a branch of the National Bank at Hamley Bridge. He was sentenced to five years for the forgery and two years for tbe embezzlement, both sentences to run to gether. Mr. Lyajl's case for tbe Yanka lilla bank robbery will come on for hearing on Tuesday next. E. \V. Minchin, the late head teller of the National Bank of Austral asia, pleaded guilty to embezzling- the £uu- of £1,000, and was sentenced to three years and six months' imprisonment with hard labor. He stated that he had become re sponsible for tbe investment of a sum of money, but tbe transaction proved unprofit able to all concerned. A lawyer's letter demanding repayment of tbe money at once caused him to take tbe bank's money to satisfy the claim, and he hoped in time to have replaced it. George Baker pleaded not guilty to indecently assaulting Florence Fricker at Port Wakefield on May 2. Mr. T. R. Bright, of Clare, defended. After hearing tbe evidence pro and con. the jury found a verdict of not guilty, and Baker was discharged. Insolvency Court. — The following case was heard in the Adelaide Court on Tuesday :— In re William Riddle, of Port Wakefield, publican, butcher, and baker ; a final hearing. Mr. Gausden for creditors ; Mr. Solomon for insolvent. Liabilities, un secured, £782 3s 4d ; do., secured, £814= £1,697 3s 4d. Assets, stock and furniture held by creditors valued at £1,400; good book debts, unencumbered, £87 17e 2d= £1,487 17s 2d. Deficiency, £209 6s 2d. Insolvent took tbe Terminus Hotel at Port Wakefield in August, 1884, with cash and property valued at £1,783 15s, less amounts due to sundry creditors, £640 12s lid ; sur plus at that date, £1,143 2s Id. Since then his tnkiugs are estimated at £5,633 9s 5d= £6,766 lls 6d. His expenses have been £6,885 17a 8d for goods, stock, trade ex penses, rest, &c.; ; deficiency in estate, £209 Gs 2d. Causes of iusolvency, losses on Ter minus Hotel and iu bakiu-r and butchering business. Iu August, 1884, the insolvent married the landlady of the Terminus Hotel, and took over the liabilities and assets. Since then he has engaged in butchering and baking in connection with the hotel busi ness, and appears to have lost money in all his dealings. He has kept rough books, and has given assistance in preparing bis schedule. A first-class certificate was awarded. — Register. Redhxll Races. — The following are tbe nominations for tbe above races : — Red hill Handicap — Chatter, Lord of Clyde, Little Sister, Sancho, Surrey (late Snook), Sir Joseph, Rifleman, Laurel. Hurdles — Rifleman, Ginger, Chatter, Flinders, Sir Joseph. Collision. — On Thursday afternoon last Dr. Smith, in company with Miss Smith, was driving along Main street, Clare, when the horse suddenly swerved, and came into collision with a horse and trap standing at the side of tbe street. The horse thus being disturbed wheeled around «ud came in con tact with another horse aud vehicle on the opposite side of the street, and the wheels of both traps got locked. No one was in the vehicles, and the horses in each made off simultaneously, but were caught before proceeding far, and a smash was averted. Deputation. — Messrs. E. Ward and Copley, M.P.8, introduced a deputation to the Attorney-General (Hon. J. W. Downer) on Wednesday morning, to bring under his notice a memorial signed by a large number of residents of Petersburg and neighborhood, asking for the establishment of a Local Court in that township. Tbe nearest courts were at Terowie, 15 miles away ; and Jamestown, a distance of 22 miles. The people of Petersburg had a good deal of business with these courts, and the expense and loss of time, which were to them matters of great import, would be done away with if what they asked was granted. Tbe population had increased almost two fold during the last 12 months, and if a court were established there it would be a great boon. The Attoruey Guneral said be would make inquiry into the amount of business done at both James town and Terowie Courts by tbe people of Petersburg, and if circumstances permitted tbe wishes of ibe memorialist* would be acceded to. — Advertiser. Lady Alice Silver Mine. — Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., telegraphed as follows on June 1 from Eurelia to a friend in Clare : — Assays going from 1,200 to 2,000 ounces to the ton. Ten tons of ore are uow ready for market.' East Adelaide Election. — The elec tion of a member for East Adelaide on Monday last resulted as follows : — J. T. Scherk, 435; J. G. Jenkins, 327 ; II. Taylor, 14G; II. G. Moore, 120; J. Clements, 32: G, A, W. Alexander, 8 j J, MacLareu, 5, Midland District Licensing Bench, j — The business of the June quarter of the ! Midland District Licensing Bench, held in Clare on Wednesday, was not very large, and tbe applicants were not detained any length of time. Mr. E. A. Mann, of the Water vale Hotel, waB refused a license owing to hie being absent when his name was called out. [f a license is worth having it is certainly worth being punctual at tbe Court to obtain. One or two others were late, and had a narrow escape from having their names struck off the list, but they sub- : 6jquently turned up. The Bench allows a certain amount of latitude to applicants, but ' it is not supposed to wait until tbey put in appearance. Death of Mr. John Richardson. — Information has been received of the death in London of Mr. John Richardson, who was for many years resident in Adelaide The deceased gentleman arrived in the colony in ibe Lord Goderich io 1839, Mr. E. C. Gwynne, the late Mr, Charles Fenn, and other w.j'1-ktnwD colonists, being pas sengers by tliH same vessel. He relumed to England in 1871 iu the ship Yatala with the younger portion of his family, and they were wrecked on tbe coast of France, escap ing with little more than their lives. While in tbis city Mr. Richardson carried on with success the business of sharebroker and land agent, but took uo part iu the political affairs of tbe colony. He was also for some years valuator to the Central Road Board. He leaves a widow and 11 eons and daughters, including Messrs. F. G. and C. H. Richardson, of Saddleworth, and Mrs. Arthur King, of North Adelaide. — Register. ? Teams Wanted. — In another column Messrs. Samuel Draw & Co., Kooringa, are advertising for 100 hone and bullock teams to convey loading from Koorioga to the mines and North-East. Brands Directory. — We have to acknowledge receipt from the Stock and Brands Office, Adelaide, of a copy of the Brands Directory of South Australia to December 31, 1885. The matter is nicely arranged aud well printed. The work should prove acceptable to owner6 of stock. 