THE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF MhLVOUliNi:. Sympathetic references to the death of Dr. Goold were made by the officiating clergy- men in all the Roman Catholic churches of the city and suburbs yesterday The day was the third great festival of the Christian year Pentecost Sunday-on which it was the late archbishop s invariable custom to preside at I'ontmcril High Mass and impart the Papal benediction to the faithful His vacant throne in St Patricks Cathedral yesterday WITS a suggestive reminder of the sad event that occurred on In by) At all the masses in the cathedral, prayers were offered up for the eternal repose of the soul of the deceased prelate The congregation at the 11 o'clock mass was exceedingly large, every seat being packed, and long rows of people standing in the passages. The Right Rev Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat officiated as celebrant of the mass, the Rev P J Aylward as deacon, the Rev. C Sheehan as sub deacon and the Very Rev Dean Donaghy as master of ceremonies All chocolates or altar attendants wore badges of crape A large choir under the conductor- ship of Mr W R. 1 furlong gave a good rendering of Beethoven's Miss in C, the massive and majestic music of which harmonised well with the solemnity of the occasion The principal soloists were Signors Coy Miss O Hanlon, and Signor Coy Mr R Furlong sang the anthem of the da)- Van Cases bpmtiií-and the or estimate of the cathedral, Mr A Harley, threw much earnestness and feeling into his performance of Beethoven a Funeral March At the close of the first gospel lather A) 1 wire ascended the pulpit and in a few well chosen words besought the prayers of the congregation for the repose of the soul of the departed archbishop He said it needed no words of ina to convince them of the great claims of their late beloved archbishop on their sympathy and their prayers they all knew the noble and beneficent career of the first archbishop of Melbourne as well as he did They were all aware of the great things he had done, and the great services he had rendered to the church of God in this colony They had only to look around and see the number of religious, educational and charitable institutions that studded this fair city of Melbourne and that would be long enduring memorials of the real, the piety, and the strong Christian faith that animated the breast of the late archbishop of Melbourne. And the fame of his good deeds was not merely local His name and reputation as a great bishop, and a successful administrator, were well known to the authorities in the eternal city He (I other Aylwnrd) made that statement from personal knowledge A year and a half ago he was in Rome and wherever he went he heard the praises of the archbishop of Melbourne and what he had done for the Church of God in Australia, the noble cathedral in which they were now assembled owed its existence to the energy and enlightened foresight of the late archbishop and they would all be pleased to hear that permission had been obtained from the government of the country to have his mortal remains interred within the cathedral that he loved so well His body would thus rest in their midst, whilst his soul would be with the God whom be served so faithfully during life. At the close of of the mass Handel's Dead March was played by the organist At half-past 2 in the afternoon the coffin containing the mortal remains of the archbishop was carried into the cathedral from the private oratory of the palace and placed on a catafalque in front of the high altar, which was completely enveloped in black A number of the city and suburban clergy accompanied the coffin in processional order, Bishop Moore reciting the prayers prescribed In the evening the cathedral was atom densely crowded when the Vespers for the dead were chanted by the clergy under the presidency of the bishop of Ballarat At St Francis's Church Lonsdale street the Ven Archpriest U Meara addressed a large congress, time at the 10 o'clock mass Referring, to the death of the archbishop he said it was his sad privilege to be pre bent with his Grace in his last moments as 1 action had be witnessed a more credit) me or happy death. He made his final profession of faith with the utmost solemnity) A feminines before his death he asked for his rosary and retained it in his case to his last breath Although the archbishop s death was so holy and so e laying. all his people should offer up their prayers on his behalf for even the greatest of saints had to pass through the punt) long state of purgatory God who was infinite same city itself, would not allow any soul to appear in his divine presence until purified from even the smallest stain of sin organ perfection In a special manner should the congregation of St Francis's offer up their prayers for the late chief pastor of the church in Victoria for it was at St Francis's Church that the archbishop offered up moss for the first time on his arrival in Melbourne nearly 40 years ago St 1 rands s was his pro cathedral for years and even after he took possession of his episcopal throne in St Patrick's he could not tear himself away from his first cathedral He occupied his old confessional in St Francis s regularly every Saturday and he was there on the Saturday preceding his death It was his custom for years to preach the opening sermons of Lent and the Month of Mary in St Francis a, and in a variety of ways he manifested his affection for his first Victorian cathedral. At the 11 o'clock mass the Rev. J. Carroll feelingly alluded to the archbishop's death, and the organist, Madame 'Tasca, played the Dead March at the close of the ceremonies Under the baton of Mr A. Plumpton, the choir gave a very effective performance of Beethoven's Mass in C. At the offertory Mr. j, b Daniel sang the anthem for Pentecost, he'll jSllHc/f* Spa hills. Long before the solemn tolling of the church bell had ceased yesterday, a very large congregation had assembled in St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, St Kilda, to pay respect to the memory of the deceased prelate, and pray for the repose of his soul After the mass, the Rev Dr Corbett preached an eloquent sermon from the Acts, 2nd chap- ter, 2, 11 and suddenly there came a sound from Heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting," i.s. After lucidly explaining the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the apostles, and the spiritual power which enabled illiterate men to teach in strange and hitherto unknown tongues, the preacher reminded his hearers of the veneration due to his Holiness the Pope, the successor of the apostles, and Christ's vicar on earth, upon whom the blessing of the Holy Spirit had equally descended. By his delegation the late venerated prelate had been sent to this land lb years ago, together the sheep and guard the flock, now, alas for the first time, left without its shepherd. brief sketch of the life and career of the late archbishop was given, and reference was made to the many acts of unostentatious charity performed by him. "Many times," Bind Dr Corbett, "I have received large cheques from him for the poor and needy, and in no instance could he be prevailed upon to allow his name to be made public. When a friend put down 1500 towards the funds of the new Presentation Convent, that unknown'lnend'was the late archbishop " Ever unwilling to appear on a public platform, he was never absent from mass or from his duty. He had a great aversion to popular priests," declaims that if a priest once before " popular " he was unfit to do his duty Whatever remained of property after the archbishop's many years of labour, would, without doubt, shortly be found to have been devoted to claim table purposes The preacher then, in emphatic language, alluded to a time when the archbishop had smouslyto warn his people against the attacks of an infidel arrest He (Dr Corbett) considered that the finale of such a press was equivalent to praise. In conclusion the preacher entreated the faithful to pray for the repose of the soul of the late prelate. The "Dead March in Saul" was impressively played by the organist, Miss Delany. (By Telegraph From Our Correspondents ) BALLARAT, Sunday At St Patrick's Cathedral and the various Catholic churches in the district to do), the death of Archbishop Goold was referred to in terms of deep sorrow, and prayers for the repose of his soul were directed At the conclusion of morning mass at St Patrick's a funeral march was played by the organist GEELONG, Sunday At the Roman Catholic Churches to day prayers were offered up for the repose of the soul of the late Archbishop Goold, and the "Dead March in Saul was played at the conclusion of the services No further allusion was made to the deceased prelate SANDHURST, Sunday At St Kilian's Pro cathedral to day, the coadjutor, bishop Dr Rev life, referred to the death of Archbishop Goold He said that a great sorrow had come upon the church by the loss of one who had laboured for over 10 years in the vineyard of the Lord, and who, despite the hardships which he had had to endure, and the obstacles hehudcucountered, bad materially advanced the interests of the church in the colony. By the grace of God he had been allowed to remain long among them, but now, after a well spent and useful life, he had been called to his Master, no asked them all to join in praying that the soul of the deceased prelate should rest in heaven. [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (From Our Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Sunday. At St Mary's Cathedral and other Roman Catholic Churches in the metropolis to- day announcements were made in connexion with the death of Archbishop Goold. Cardinal Moran leaves for Melbourne by the express train to-morrow afternoon to be present at the obsequies of the deceased. 