THE NATURALIST. A NATURALIST'S CAMP IN QUEENSLAND. Br A. J. Cailplell. No. VL The carious cat-bird fell to our collection. It belongs to the bower-bnilding familf, lives exdusivelyon traits, and is about 12in. long, with greenish mottled feathers. Its loud, harsh note cannot well be mistaken for that of any other bird. Gould says" In com paring it to the nightly concerts of the domestic cat, I conceive that I am conveying to my readers a more perfect idea of the note of this species than could be given by pages of description. This concert U performed either by a fair or several individuals, and nothing more is required than for the hearer to shut his eyes in the neighbouring foliage to fancy himself surrounded by London grimal kins of housetop celebrity." The cat-bird also imitates the voices of other birds of the ecruba Another bower-building variety was the spotted bower-bird, with a patch of lovely rose-tinted feathers alohg the back of the neck, that can be raised at pleasure in the fashion of a frill, hlany of the birds were attracted to the settlers' gardens by mul berry and ofher fruit trees, to which they are very destructive, especially at seasons when native'fruits are scarce. We did not fall in with any of their remarkable artificial bowers or play-grounds, we were also much too early for their nebtg, which are usually con structed of twigs, and situated iu a thick bhak or tree. The eggs are rarities in the oologies! world, being about the size of pigeon's, light green, fancifully marked, and streaked round aha tound with chestnut The scrubs produce an abundance of wild figs, native plums, native cherries, and numerous berries—the majority of the fruits being good tor human consumption ; but we were always guided by the birds in what we took, knowing that they eschewed the poisonous article, which was likewise plenti ful. Qne of the most striking and largest fruit-eater is the sphecotheres, or fig-bird of the colonists. Ah aesthetic olive-green back, heightened bypbeaptiful yellow throat ana breast, bright crimson orbits, and black cap made the owner one of the most attractive visitors to our camp. They often, especially it* the morning, perched on the summit of so fredheoCljr heftjd in, the gardens around \mp' Melbourne and OTbnrbs. The female fig bird , differs from the ipale in being olive brown, with striated markings like the orioles, to which they are closely allied. The crescent-marked oriole has a very hand some and gaily-coloured plumage of dappled greenish-yellow, Bet off with orange-tinted eyes and blood- red hill It produces an ex ceedingly round and loud gutter&l; note for its size, and its song many times allured us into quagmires among the mangroves. The flesh was excellent eating. The oriole and fig-birds measured from lOin. to 12in. long. Flying Bwiftly over the tall tree tops in flocks of about a score were the shining calornia or starlings, uttering sharp p.otes like lorikeets. We brought down several, whose slcins made conspicuous additions to our collection-i-the general colonr beinga mix ture of dark rich green and purple of a bronzed or metallic appearance, beak and legs black, relieved with beautiful vermilion eyes. The shining calornia is the only, species of that genus inhabiting Australia. Its range is not further south than Port Denison. It also in habits New Guinea, with one or two-.other species. They- have a curious fashion of nesting in congregations. We observed large trees—generally More ton Bay. ash —up the rivers and in the vicinity of Dalrymple'a Gan literally crowded with hundi-eds of their hanging nests. At the time of onr visit the birds were only recon structing their nests; had the laying season commenced we would have almost been: tempted to fell one of the trees in the hope that amidst "the ruin and crash of worlds" some treasures might have been saved. The complement of eggs to each nest is usually two or three ; they are about an inch long, of a French-grey tint, speckled with pinkish-red about the larger end. j Ab the orange and lemon trees were flower-! ing in the orchard adjoining our camp, we had ample opportunities to observe many of the graceful honey-eaters which were at-| tracted thither by sweet nectar, At. times, daring the morning the garden was trans formed into a vast aviary. Perhaps the most prominent for song and activity was thej yellow honey-eater, a lovely bird about 6in. long, with a delicate yellowish-tinted dress, j The memory of our camp would be incom-j plete if not associated with the duets of loving pairs of these yellow honey-eaters. They dis played great activity in threading the foliage ; no doubt many insects being devoured as well | as honey. We had a nest building in an | orange tree, but an accident befell it. After wards, we took another containing a pair of red-spotted eggs in a similar situation in the Acacia-vale Nurseries, Townsville. Likewise, near Townsville, at Stuart's Creek, we took a nest ot the eggs of the uniform- coloured honey-eater (Ptilotis unicolor). Both neBts and eggs were exhibited and described as new to science at the November meeting of the Field Naturalists' Club of Victoria. Hitherto it was believed that the uniform- coloured honey-eater existed only in the Gulf Country and southern coast of New Guinea. To re-. turn to the Cardwell orchard. We have seen as many as half a dozen species of honey eaters 'flitting about the blossom-laden trees at one time—the brown, with its cheerful and pretty song, tike a reed warbler's ; the dusky, the yellow-spotted, the obscure, Lewin's, fee. The sanguineous honey- eaters, with their bright scarlet head, neck, and breast were in scores, especially about the Melalenca blosBoms on dewy mornings. In Dalrymple's Gap there was a graceful tree known as the umbrella, which produced long compound flowers of a dark red colour. Upon these were feasting so many of the Fascia ted or island honey eaters (Ptilotis fasiognlaris) that we had no difficulty in obtaining three with half a charge of dust, shot These finely-Shaped honey-eaters are generally fonnd in belts of mangrove, which they make merry with their pleasant notes. Of the friar bird or Ieatherhead Queens-1 land iB evidently the chief home, jiidgmg from the numbers- we heard cackling! about wherever a tree or shrub was in; flower. The large bine-faced honey-eater, or Entomyza, constructs for itself a nest of thickly-interwoven bark and grasses, and suspends the stracture from the swaying branches of a eucalypt or other tree It surely is not 60 lazy in the tropics as in more southern parts, where it invariably appro priates the deserted, large, dome-shaped nest of the Pomatostomus. Probably in Queens-1 land the honey-eater has to shift for itself, because iu some districts the Pomatostomus is scarce. The active little Zosterops are full cousins to the honey-eaters, and too well known for their orchard - thieving to be further noticed here. The same species that is found in Victoria, Tasmania, and New Zealand was seen about our Cardwell camp. There is another variety, however, fonnd in the Gulf of Carpentaria country known as Zosterops gnlliveri, a namesake of the discoverer, Mr. T. A. Gulliver, F.L.S. "VVe cannot take leave of our honey-eating friends (and to do them justice we Bhould have written at greater length) without pro minently mentioning the swallow dicmum and the Australian suhbird, which ore the acme of perfection among small birds Their nests are marvels in bira architecture. . They are purse-shaped, woven of cotton-like ma terial, the swallow dicteum's nest being round in shape, and the sunbird's elongated. The eggs of the former were too far incubated to be blown, and, although the sunbird's nest appeared complete, the hen had not laid her £ggs up to the time pf par striking .Tamp. The lovely sunbird is essentially intertropical, and of all Australian varieties the nearest ap proach to the humming bird. Its full length is only about four inches, including the slender bill, which is nearly an inch long. The plumage is olive-green and canary yellow, with a throat of shining steel-blue, intensified at certain angles of sunlight like the iridescent feathers of humming birdB. The female is destitute of the brilliant throat markings. These exquisite creatures are well named sunbirds, because at noon-day, when the sun was overhead, they were seen flying about in ecstasies of delight, uttering their peculiar song of " Tsee-Tsee." We saw sun birds about the private gardens in Cardwell and Townsville ; and shall never foiget how pretty they seemed when clinging to the waxy flowers of the paw-paw tree, and probing each bell with their long bills, or when investigating the red flowers of the mangroves upon the islands, where we ob tained several skins. Towards the Herbert River, away from the scrubs, in more open country, we identified the common brpwn tree-creeper and its conein, the somewhat rare striated sittella. Another scarce variety of sittella—the white headed (S. leuoocephala)—we observed much further south, and took its singular upright nest in the fork of & brigalow tree (Acacia exxxlsa). The nest was so cunningly con structed as to represent a portion of the tree. The eggs resejnble miniature spaupw's, only rounder. White cockatoos were always screaming, and invariably where least required, thereby disturbing other game, and putting it on the qui vive,Among the mountains and bills were some splendid black cockatoos, but go wary and spy that onlypne pair was r " They prosed to be the gi cockatoo TCalyptorhynchus .. male wasanexceedinKly hanasoios eaptpl e fully 22m. in lengtb.M'itb.l^ntffnl ^road bars of scarlet across toe tail feathers. Hie female differed In having'a few light Beats over herplamagei with a mixture ot yellow in the scarlet band of the taiL In travers ing eucalyptus flats we beard certain " chinck-chinck" notes, and soon leamt that these notes were uttered by one of the most handsome parrots in the world— the red-winged lory. It would be a task to describe its Uvinjrdress of exquisite verditer green, dark back, and brilliant crimson shoulders. The bird is about a foot long, elegant in contour, and delicately framed. Gould says: — " it is beyond my power to describe the extreme beauty of the appearance of the red-winged lory when seen among the silvery branches of the acacia, particularly when the flock com prises a large number of adult moles, the gorgeous scarlet of whose shoulders offers so striking a contrast to the surrounding objects." The tropical rosella, the pale headed 'parrakeet, curious tp relate, is not so beautiful and variegated aa its more south ern representative. However, it was sufficiently attractive, with its light blue plumage and pale yellow head, to be a welcome. We saw both the pale-headed parrakeet and the red winged lory in confinement* which they appeared to hear remarkably well. In the outskirts of the dense scrubs near oar camn, j feeding npon acacia seeds, we Bhot several deep crimson red parrakeets, with bftte cheeks And shoulders, like the crimson lory nPiatycereus pennantu) of Gipps Land, ex cept being smaller in size and altogether finer or more delicately framed. Possibly the birds are merely a local adaptation or variation of Pennant's parrakeet, but natu ralists on more slender grounds have created new species; for instance,the yellow-breasted thickheads, or the little ground doves (Geo pelia), the southern variety being called ) the peaceful (tranquilla) dove, while the' northern bird, which is nothing more than its duplicate one-third leas in size, is named the placid (placidaj dove It may be mentioned that no previous collector has I reported Pennant's parrakeet from the locality where we shot it, and was pre viously not known to exist further north than the Clarence district, New South Wales. Four Bpeciea of honey- eating parrots or lorikeets tell to our spoil—the blue bellied or blue mountain, the scaly-brested, the' musk, and the little lorikeets. It was no un common sight to see the four varieties feast ing in company npon the blossoms of a large red gum, the blossoms of which appear to be made up solely of saccharine matter. A Bpray will retain its strong honeyed aroma for months in a herbarium. It was a mystery to I us why these lorikeets, which subsist only on soft food, should be armed, with such hard and formidable bills. Tins is mentioned feelingly, because on our endeavouring -to prevent wounded birds from dashing about | their pretty feathers they inflicted severe and painful bites on our hands. Once your finger is fairly between the mandibles of the blue I mountain, they will surely feel the bone, ahd the bird will hang till it gives up the ghost. Some parts of the forest were loud with the screeching of hundreds of lorikeets. If we wanted to economise powder and shot it was only necessary to wait a favourable oppor tunity to obtain three or four. birds at one discbarge. We discovered the nests, or j rather the holes leading to the nests, of the blue mountain and little lorikeets in the hollow boles of large, smooth trees, which we could not ascend. Lorikeets make hardy pets when properly reared, and they are frequently hawked about cities caged with grain-eating par rots. The lorikeet's -coat of many colours soon catches the eye of some unwary customer, who ' speedily strikes a bar gain with thie *' bird - catchers.** " Pretty Joey" la carried.home in triumph, and in the course of a few days, from improper feeding, it dies a premature death. The best food to rear lorikeets upon is boiled bread sprinkled with Bugar, sweet milk, and seasonable flowers or Irnit At a recent bird show there was a fine blue mountain lorikeet four years I old, which looked as fresh as if just from its native guma Skins were obtained of a curious little fruit-eating lorikeet, which for ages amongst the vines and creepers upon large trees. It is only a few inches long, and possesses a disproportionately large head and powerful mandibles. The mandibles are re I quired to break nuts .and fruit stones. So powerful is its bill that the bird when wounded has been known to force the upper mandible through boot-leather. Its habitat is decidedly local, being confined to the Card well district. This pigmy lorikeet i3 known in scientific circles as Cyclopeftta Maccoyi, and it has been described and named by Gould after Professor M 'Coy—a fitting com pliment paid to the learned professor.end I director of the National Museum, Melbourne. Species of pigmy lorikeets exist in New | Guinea, the smallest yet discovered being only 3in. in length. The Rockingham Boy district is credited with no less than Iff distinct species of the Columbidse, or pigeon family.- During our short sojourn we identified 10, including varieties of the brilliant and highly-coloured I fruit-pigeons. Swainson's fro it-pigeon, not larger than a dove about 9in. long, pnim»w«i all the colours ot the rainbow, but its con spicuous feature is a forehead of deep I crimson. The magnifient fruit-pigeon is I larger than a domestic pigeon, and twice the length of Swainson's. Its colours ate gorgeous, culminating in a breast and abdomen ot deep rich purple. It feeds en tirely upon fruit, berries, and seeds, and when the fruit is ripe frequents lofty fig trees; con sequently it is not often seen, but its pre J eence may be detectedbrite loud monotonous note, resembling tia&words; "your bonnet w blue. On adJwfot of the sire of the magnificent fruit-pigeon it always helped to 'make up the account" when a stew was needed. The neat little green pigeon was more numerous; nothing could excel for simplicity (he beanty of its garb, made up of chocolate-coloured under surface, Lock and wings metallic green, relieved by snow-white I shoulders and pink-tinted bill and feet. Quite a chapter could.be. spritten about the white nntmeg, or Toweq gtraits pigeon. The plumage is creamy white, with the exception of grey markings of the wingdlights and tail, j imparting to the bind . a majestic and Showy appearance During our visit stragglers were arriving from tho northward, but the .great bulk do not arrive until November, departing again in April We were informed that the birds poritively arrive I in clouds to brded on the islands, where they I are ao thick that nestsm&y; be found on every tree and bush. A single egg is laid on a few are that the young s and are hjuHreA ahc white pigeons proce mainland in companies to feed veryloud for thel noils from hund 'distant ts Cat ed lie pagesss ex periEMC & kit tnat, ItW vert ssai fkofctof SKjsxtfcspq^gBtearpssinsEt^oaa&t; viEcm- Tb«y vtse JeeSpg i2t£ frsesfi, «sat tfig?- also iseea, isa^j s reir of oetssr-vacse esrs. Wfes^dssstd tfee? nee vtte » s&sxp; fcn.rrvT'r sacsd. sal sligfci spoe test aesses trts. vi*e* ESeeSassyr tqaai vn±£I prsaei Tfesr fea& is oassaed is? »7''» ■! ■»-*■ ia? jbdss ofeirsEt xai dea=fe?<s$ c-: s2 fewfe is AasBais*. It *vs Goeiis cgcsioe (fesrtbt Sesfe wee seesesd to bob* se tr; psn attbeifdi We "l«BesT Wa^j ffoep (aexs tkt teadtaesak u llnss: m fi*Tt*r fesy rss tie e^atse- pgrriB vest dnetr. SsbsB fated bkcv te roeaded osr -psetss. Tit jsMsrefs? dnee vet so geesfe sad tsae cs to issl dkee to the wp StereS-siocjaees octet bs e^*1 eonsbveii <seaaat2r ssserseg: their " ear o*K»3-e>ai' csTis. Hay eat puscsfti cc rii» fwwt lS»*x *-*•?: ~.mr g;fg «~>»«r We lawn dsikknseEtieg-w&eBbs;^aed wr&swss; pAtaes A dsS oe^iintf * fair cf v rrse vfct ti'rjo car tit 