IMoveltet, PUT ASUNDER : OK LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE'; By BERTHA M. CLAY, iDTnOR OF ' HIS OKE MISTAKE,' ' THROWN ON THE WORtD,' 'A STRUGGLE FOR A RING,' 'A DITTER ATONEMENT, ETC.' I . CHAPTER XVII. (Continued.) pronounced Denham House to bo the Dnc-st mansion in London. It bad certainly the largest conservatory and. tho most extensive' grounds. The night o! the fete the May moon \7RB shining orightly — so brightly as to form a beauty in itBijlf no art could imitate ; tho yellow lamps, half hidden in tho trees although thoy we ra like golden Btars, had no such light as tho lady-moon— a crescent moon rising in a blue-night-sky. Ah I what is it to be wealthy; fo be able to surround onos sell with ait tnat tnere is oi , tbo moBt beautiful, tbo most exquisite ; to be aiie to malto a {airy-land even moro lovely, . than That .whioh tho fairies make for tbem Eclves. ' ? . To havo the power of carrying out every beautiful idea that comes to an artistic mind. Lady Denham was able to do this. , Lady Denham or her guests were able to ' walk from tho great drawing-room, whero the hangings wero of whito-nnd-gold ; through the smaller room, wheio the hangings were of palest blue, and where' two ol Claude Lor raine's finest landscapes hung ; through a | , third room, where was every luxury that art or money could procure ; through the magni ficent ball-room, with its painted Soiling, its . fine Statues, and grand decorations ; through the great domed conservatory, where flowers of the rioheet color gave forth the most fra grant perfume ; through tbe'cobl green fernery, where tho light was dim,' and the constant sound of water dripping'from tho rooks was heard ; through to tho green lawn, whero toll,' noble trees lent their shader and pretty foun tains threw thoir silvery spray high into the air— a perfect fairyland. It had all the charm and beauty of a town residence, combined .with many ol the advan tages of the country. 27ie placo above all others for a masquerade. One could imagine a golden-haired Undine among the rock-work, the.cool ferns, and the tiny silvery fountains of the fernery. Ono could fancy Juliet, Rosamond, and Viola in the con servatory, flitting daintly among tho Bright blossoms, just as one might fanoy . royal women sweeping through - that; superb suite of roomB. . .. The roll of carriages was like the distant vibration of thunder, on tho night ot the fete.. Vast crowds , had assembled, -hoping to catch even one glimpse of the brilliant figures that emerged from 'them. The honBo was like a paradise of flowers and lights. Tho brilliant rooms were not crowded, but they, were well j filled with guests.: Never was acono mbre | beautiful, more dazzling. | M«yof Scotland, in her coif and veil, with j! a silvery rosary Bhining in her blaok volvot | dress ; the royal Elizabeth, in cloth ol gold, ? and a jowelled crown ; Katherino of Valoia, £ fair of face and stately of mein ; Katherino of a Mediois, magnificent and imperious ; Joan of ' Arc, tall and fair ; Marguerite, with a wealth of golden hair; Cleopatra,. with the imperial robes of - an ompresB.. On they swept, that imperial procession of;women. Every epoch I In history, every figure most remarkable in 1 art, in fiotion, in poetry, was thero. Undine, | looking as though she had' just risen from tho I fountain ; Beatrix Oenoi, Amy Robsart, Di fgVcrnon— a brilliant, yet, in some respects, a i| motley crowd. m Italian peasants, Italian brigands, French ji chevaliers, Spanish grandees, gipsies, Swiss -K soonntaineerB. Some of the gentlemen wore jT-JJyjioheEt'jvnd moat.-piotateequQ of dreeses. j£-|SRrftas'ltAbard Casur de Lion ; tho Black Tjijnnce; at least four Charles's; Ono of the ainost striking figures in the room was that of |a Knight Templar in the picturesquo attiro gothisorder. f AU wore masks, and no mask.waa to bo re anoved . until 'supper-time. Tho disguises | wre'good and well sustained. ~Lady West-' s ake, who represented a 'Water-Lily, talked' I or twenty minutes with Oswald Clyde, the : loet, -without recognizing, him, although he i ra s dressed as a Troubadour, and she talked ®®fterward about the Troubadour she had met; t the ball,, and she. declared that the one raging of . her lite was to meet him again, jady Heathers went 'as Flora' MaoDonald, ,nd wasone of the most' animated figures in ho soeno. Troubadours, fairies, gipsies, all Q one mad whirl. - ?; The Knight Templar was oonspicuous imong the men, and , a masked figure called he Snow Queen was conspicuous among the and dazzlingly white. A slender Hguro, ^thioh ' was tho perfection of girlish fc race— a perfect SnowQueen. Hcrdresswas |f white velvet.' The snow was represented. |y the flneat drld whitest ol the swan's down, (he ioioles by' diamonds ; the rounded white arms bare to the shoulders, the graoeful neok Hasped ? hy a neoklace of .whatslooked like -kited diamonds— so white, so virginal, bo ?tezlingly.-beautifulj so radiantly lair, that W Eriow. Queen waB pronounoed on all sides ? greatest success; v'- , - . v:, *cry beautiful figure was called m^Maiswas also a tall; graceful -figure, JflppHuala rose-aolored tulle, in which ''Wfioiot flecks ot gold ; diamonds formed , ltto: present a orown of stars graced a n%ful, .queenly head. Dawn wsb olosely and won her ' disguise well. The nV^ueon was Lady . Castlemalrie; Dawn . as Isabel Hyde. Lord Cutlsmaine wore le.fiotvmqos dxw* ot ft : Vsnetlu noble ilA ' ' ' Tuo only ptj-nh v.iio evemed to rcoogni^o Lndy OnsUtiD&inG; was Lady Heathers. : ' I shouid know you,' obe whispered; ' where olhera .wonld fail j you are taller than most of the Indies present, and I ehould liuow you nny.nhera by the oarriego of . your head. I shall not betray jpii,' she added, 'though I am going to tako advantage of tho masks and speak my mind to eeveral people to night.'' , , .'.That will not be an unusuol luxury for you,' was tbo 1'augliinR reply. ' 'lit will bo in tho fashion.' I shall doit to-, night,' the answered. ?' I thinli tho chief beauty of a masquerade is that' for once one may. cay just what one likes.' No' ono seemed to recognize Lady .Castle maine. As the hours passed the scene grew mora brilliant; the lights seemed to grow brighter. The scenes were liiie fairy-land; an artist who could havo sketchod some of thoso group?, would have mads his fortune by the beauty of his paintings. There wes oue group that drew muoh at tention ; Undine in her white dress and white water lilies contrasting with Msry Stuart, in her rich velvet dresg-; the Venetian noble in his superb ccstumo of orimBon velvet and' point lace. . They wero only togcthor for a fow minutes, but no pioture oould have been more beautiful as the dancers danced together, as the differ ent groups formed and reformed, it seemed jis though nil tho different colors of the rain bow met, and broke up, nnd broko away into n thousand gleaming lights end shades ; where tho radiant Snow Queen stood, or danced, or sat, sho scorned to mako tho light brighter. The Knight Templar walked about restlessly ; ho had not yet .penetrated tha secrets of the different disguises. His attention had been drawn for somo time to tho Snow Queen ; he half-imagined that it must bo Lady Castlo maine— she was tall, and had such a peculiarly proud carriage of her head. He smiled as ho thought to himself that it was hardly wonderful that he should not know her when her face was hidden,, for all the time ho had passed with her had been spent in watehing-tbe perfection of that face. If it wero Lady Castlemaine, ho resolved upon beguiling her into a long conversation with him. Ho would persuade her to go into the conservatory, where the flowers breathed such rioh perfumo, or into the cool, green, fernery, where the moonlight ? was brighter than the faint glow of the lamps, and he would see if tho future held any hope for him. . . He seemed to have corns to his senses with a sudden shock. It was oharactoristia o! him that tho firtt greati real love of his life should , be for the wrong person..' He never thought of checking or controlling his lovo because Lady Castlemaino was married. Marriage, the sanctity of married life, tho holiness of the marriage tie had never formed the slightest barrier between him and his desire. Ha hardly gave it a thought. It was tho first time in his life that be had fallen deeply, passionately in loye, all bia- other, pursuits had been fancies— the foolish pursuit of pretty faces ; this was a very different matter. The pride and tbo coldness of Lady Castlemalne only deepened his love. If ehe vonld have flirted with him, have en couraged him, have given him emilca in 're- turn for bin prcfuso compliments, all would have been well; but she was ' a goddess in the clouds.!'. She liked talking to him, sho con sidered him a great hc-ro, Bbe enjoyed his stories and his anecdotes, ehe thought- him one of the most distinguished of men, but ahe never deigned even to listen to compliments, '' implied flattery, or implied love moliing; it was that that made the puieuit of her all tho more piquant to him.-., . The man who had broken so many hearts, who had ruined so. many homes, who had blighted so many lives, the man who had for gotten that the trio, test, of a- soldier is not only his bravery in the battle-lield, 'bat his. rever'enco for womei— this man had fallen in. lovo at last, and, as a matter of course with a man like himself, had fallen in love with - one whom ho could never marry. ' . CIIA1-TER XXVIII. - V ' MCT0RE8 FI103I THE MASQUERADE.' Picture the first , in a- group of tall; slender palms .in tho background; nestling at-'their' feet a group of rioh Indian blossoms, Ecarlet in colour, shaped like a bell, fragrant with rioh odours, that belong, to flowers of. the v East. A group of tall white orchids on .one side, a magnificent mass ofetcphsnotison tho other,' between a prettily covered iron teat. Oh it sit tho beautiful figuro alroady' known through the room as Dawn, in the charm ing blush of pale ro5o and gold, and a tall, aristocratie figuro in the dress of a Venetian nobleman. ? .... ' - ' . ? -? Lord Castlemaine.hot onIy:had no taste for flirtation, but he despised it ; he considered it, and hon the frankness to say-so, always Ihe refuge of a .weak' mind. : ' ' When a woman has few oharms of mind,1' Lord Castlemaine was accustomed to obssrvo — ' when shelsoks intelligence, wit, andpoetry, sho takes to flirtation, beoanse sho can do no better. When a manlaolio brightness and ic t'el leot; he does the'some.' l'lirtation was a fault of which he had never been guilty, and for which ho had little toler ation. . ' 7 : ' There was no trace of it in bis manner now, as be leaned over tho seat,' talking earnestly to Dawn. ? A faint light reached them,: and it cams filtered through tho white orchids ; swoet ' soundareaohedthem.tho ' Sweetheart Waltz ' was boing played in the ball-room, and from , tho fernery came 'thd sound of ' the rippling water as it fell from tho rocky Btones to; tho nioss grcen below., - ' I cannot imagine who' you aro, ' ho said, ' that you oan say suoh a thing to me, above all other men.' - ' Have you no idea who .I am?' asked a low vdice, tho Bwectness of which was dis guieed by a faint. whisper. ? ' Not tho least, but I Bhould say from your observation to me that you cannot know much of me, and that you know still less about my affairs.' 'n ; 'So -Jou imagine,' said beautiful Dawn. ' Is there nothing familiar either in my face, or figure ?' ' He looked ather ouriously. . ! ; - , 'Tho h'ght is s6 faint,' ho.said,. ' and you . speak in a whisper. Np( I havo not 'the least : idea who you aro.' ' I am 'surprised,' eho .'said ;' ' yet'I have lived in tho. world long ^enough . not to be BUrpriBcd at anjthingT. JJo you think, an/ dis- guifs would prevent you from knowing your ' own wifo?'! , 'No, none,'.' he replied. ? But then, you soe, ? she is my. wife. - That just makes the differ- : once.' - 'And I ought-'to have, been,' thought, beautiful Dawn to hereelf, 'I, and ho other.'' 'If you do not know mo,' he Baid, 'it was' a startling remark to make ; ' if you do not know me, the remark is ovon more .strange.' : -'I am hot quite sure,' she said, 'if I re member what my remark- was.' ' ' '. So much tho better,' he answered. It ? showB, at least, there was no meaning in it.' I'VWill.jou mind telling mo what it wbb 1 ' she aoM, slowly. , ' . ? ? 'You said that I was happily married— yet: I hadnot .married the one woman in the ;world who, loved mo bestl' ? She die** beautiful bongh ot the white orohids to hotBolf anil bent her face over them. . ?- ;. How sweet they aro 1' sho said. ' I am sure that brobids mast havo grown in the gar don of Eden.', ' 'Nover mind the orohids,' he said,- draw ing tha white bloom from her, 'What did yoa mean?' _ . 'Give mo your hcnd,'.sho said. 'Nay, draw ot your golden broidered glovo, or it will bo ol littlo heo to'tfie.' Hg did.Bo, ond placed before bc-r a strongs Bupplo white hiiud— tho clean, honest hand of an upright man. Sho touched it with hers. \- 'Lot mo 'seo it moro - plainly,' sho said, parting with the other hand the branches of the orchids.. She looked nt it long and steadily.- The sweet, sad musio of tho'. 'Sweetheart Waltz' camo from tbo ballroom, and tho ripple of. water from tho fernery; thore were no other sounds. - It seemed to her tbnt he must hear tho quick bentirig of her heart. Sho had never held his hand in her own so long before. While eho held it, she repeated the vow that she had whispered to the whilo lilacs. Then suddenly she let it fall. - , ' I am a fortune-teller, niter a f aBbion,' Bhe said, 'a'fashion that holds good in the Moorish camp, and among the gipsiea of Spain.' ' She cannot possibly be a Spaniard— Bhe . Bpoalts English too woll'' ho thought. ' And what has that to do with my for tune ?V he asked. .. . She looked at him thoughtfully. ' ' Your fortune haa interested me. I know' you, although you do not recognize me, and what I read in your face I havo read now in your hand. My ideas aro confirmed.' From the whito orchid and the stephanotis, came a great gust of perfumo'; tbo ripple of tho water was sweeter and stronger1 ' And your idens'are ? ?' 'Just what I said,' she interrupted. 'First that yon did not marry tho ono woman in tho world who loved you best ; and now in your hand I read all.. It is better not to speak about it.' - ' I should like to know,' ho persisted. ' Well if the old Moorish teaching he right, it is not good fortuno that lies in that strong whito hand of yours.' ' Ho'Bmiled. 'What fortune does lie there?' he asked. 'Tellmo.' ' A sad one,' Bho replied ; ' There is a sudden and violent termination to the line of love, and thoro are somo terrible linos of pain.' 'What do you deduce from that?' he asked. 'Nothing,' sho replied; it is for you to draw what deductions you will.' ' I draw none,' he replied ; ' I havo firm faith.' His heart beat and his faco flushed as it al ways did when he thought of his beautiful Gertrude, whom hs should love unto death. 'You willremomber my words some day,' aba paid 'I hope it will be only to laugh at them,' ha replied: Just then, the musio ceased, and several people came into the conservatory. Dawn suddenly rose and shook her long skirts ol pale pink and flecks of gold, and beforo he could say more, she had vanished from among the slender green palms and left him there; ' Picture the second. — The pale orescent moon is rising in dark Bky, and its. light penetrates into the cool green fernery, whore tho lamps, like pale golden stars, are half hiddon by the green leaveB, where tho ferns grow strong and moist, and tho rippling water tails from tha stones to the solt springing moss. A sttb; dued light, aa-of pale gold, lingers there; In . the midst of the rook-work there stands a tall fountain, the spray of whioh rises high in tha air, the musio of which, as the cpray falls into the marble basin, is soft and sweet to tho ear. By the fountain stand' some elegant bamboo ohairs, easy and luxurious ag chairs oan bo. \- In one of them Bits the whito and radiant Snow Queen. She looked bright and attrac tive enough, in the ball-room ; hut- here,, in the eott light, among tha tall feathery .ferns-' . and the - ripple of .running .water, . she looks : dazzling, the one centre of white and light in v ; that ocean of green.-. She .lies back thoughtfuily'in hor chair the snowy rohe3 form graceful billows around her and sweep the ground £the light' falls on the diamond stars, and trembles in the dia 1 mond ioioles ; her lovely faoo is pale ; she has -removed her. glove, and laid her hand in tho dimpling, restless .water of the fountain. - A shadow falls over the green ferns and tho ' water, and tho tall figuro -of the Knight Templar draws near. ' He stands for a few minutes in silentcontomplation of what 3eoms to him the most charming picture he has ever' beheld.- - ? Eve in the Gaiden.o( Eden was never one half bo fair,' he said to himself. Then ho went up to the bright whito figure. ' The Queen of Snow,' he said, with a pro found bow^ ' Would that I were a Knight of the FroBt and the Ice.' ' You look much bettor a? you are,' ropl.io/1 a laughing voioe. ' ' Supposing,1' he said, ' that you had some very fragrant roses,' and you tried to hide them between green leaves, bo that no one could discover them; tho perfumo would bo sure to steal through tho leaveB and betray the rosea.' ' Quite sure ? ' was the laughing reply. . 'I If a bright, golden etar , was shining, yoa could not, unleBB you closed your eyes, help seeing it?' '' Certainly not,' wbb the answer. ' If tho sweetest musio was stealing softly round, you could not help hearing while your ears were open and your senses alivo. . So, bo,' ha continued, passionately, ' you may hide tbo fair loveliness of your face, you may disguise the tone of yonr voice, but I should know you among ten thousand. You are Lady . Castlemaine, and you have rightly callcd your self the Snow Queen.' ? ' ' Just as you have called yourself a Knight Templair ; you are Colonel Lennox.' - ' You make mo the proudest man in the world,' he Baid. - \- 'I have not given you mnoh reason for sud denly ocoiipying such a very exalted poBition,' she said. ' . - ' You aro always satirical to me,' he aaid. ' And you will persist in being sentimental with me,' she Replied. . ' You are oruel to me,'! ho said. 'The dowers that lie on your heart are happy be Q3UE0 you breathe on them ; they love the freab, Bweet water dimpling round your fin gers ; they must be happy because you oarcss them, while I, who would givo my life for a smile, or a kind word, oan never .win either.' She rose from her scat, a dazzling white figure, tall, haughty, and ereot. ' I am Lady Castlemaine,' she said, ' and yoa are Colonel Lennox,' but I am halfin clined to forbid you ever to enter my presence again.' - ' .. ? ' - , ':Why?' he cried, despairingly. ? ' Beoauso I do no not like ? thoso labored compliments of yours. I decline to bo com pared to roses, or mueio, or stars.' ' '. I will never do it again i' he Raid : ' hever.' 'Yoa promise mo most faithfully?' Bhe asked. ^ ' I promise, on my word,' ho replied. - 'Then you can sit down here, and we will go on talking.' . ' And with a careless graco sho resumed her. Beat..';1' ' . Picture the Third.— In the great drawing room ot .white and gold Lady Heathers, as Flora MaoDonald, sits leaning languidly on a dark velvet ohair. She was talking most con fidentially to a handsome man who wore thq dress of Sir Walter Raleigh. ' Tea,'. she .was ' saying,' !«J have enjoyed . : tho first part ot the evening better than I shall tha second.' Wo are to unmask at supper, \- then, so far as I am oonccrncd all the pleasure of.the night is over. I have enjoyed somo things exceedingly.', . .. ' You always extract plenty of amusement from everybody,' said her companion. ' That is one happy faculty. I envy you. 'I have been talking to the,. poet, and bo didnotknowme. I hadthepleaaurc ot abusing his poems, his . themea, and bia ideas to his faoo, which, yoa will admit was a treat to mo.' ' I oan well imagine that it was so,' hoan Bwored, slowly, , ' ? . 'Ho wiU .novor suspeot. Poor Oswald! We are .very good friends to all outward 'ap- pearances ; but I havo often longed to give him a bit of my mind, and now he has had it.' And Lady Heathern began to discuss tho oharaoters of the evening. ' 'I havo found out tho Koight Templar,' eho Baid. . ' That bantlsomo, brave, graceless Colonel Lennox. How the. poet Jiates him !' . . ' Ho is sure to do so. Tho man who. wrote ' The Loves of' the Lilta' wonld never toler ate a man ot the Colonel's stamp.' . ??? . Then Sir Walter Iltleigh bant hia head, and whispered to her. Lady Heathers listened with a sorrowful ex pression of faco. \- 'No,' she replied, ' I had not henrd.' .? ' Not a whisper ?'' asked her companion. 'No not even a whisper,' -said Lady Heathers, ' and I am with her every day.' ? 'Have you seen him with her?'' ho naked. ' Yos, continually. I have been nt Neath Housebnca with him.' ' And you er.w nothing ?' ' Less than nothing. Lidy Castlemaine is tflo proud and too cold. Sho will* never bo talked about.' . 'But she is talked about. Tiord Metton told mo.' ' . ' I do not balievo-a word about it. Remem ber,' sho added, raising one whito finger warningly to him, ' no icjntUl about Queen Elizabeth.' \- Ho laughed, nnd moved away. Picture the fourth, and the tot.— Beautiful Dawn, standing in her room alono, still flushed with triumph. ' Ho did not know me,' oho was saying to, herself. I camo from under the same roof. Truo I did not go there in tho same carriage. I havo pierced hia heart, and he will never suspect mo. I am nearer— to tha end.' CHAPTER XXVI. ' TIIE wife's true guardian. ' Lord Castlemaine wa'i just a littlo puzzled; not suspicious, but puzzled. Hg had nothing to be Buspioious over. Ho was in tho reading room of his club, bia face and head hidden hy a copy of tbo'Times, on which he was intent. Two members of tho club, both well known to him, oamc in nnd cat down close to him, without percoiviug him. They had evidently been deeply engrossed' in conversation, and thav continued it now. _ . ' Thero is nothing in it,' said one to the other.- 'I know her well. I am sure there there is nothing in it.' ' It is seldom you find smoko without fire,' said tho other. 'I do not know. I feel sure this is, all smoke. How many euch rumors are born and die in a day.' . , . ' , This waa spoken by Sir Harvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of things. Colonel Charters', who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything.- - ' True,' ho replied, 'but I think there is' generally. Bomo cause lor thom. I am sorry in.thia cbeo, for I havo a,Bincero liking for the' lady, and the husband too.' ? 'I do not believe it,' said Sir Harvey; Hops. 'I know them both, husband and wife, and I do not think there is a happier pair in London.' ' I must admit tho same thing,' said the dark- minded colonel ; ' whenever I have seen them together they have seemed moat united, most devotod 'to each other. I- was utterly astonished.' i 'But -what did you hear,' .askod Sir Harvey, 'only foolish rumours ?' {' ' I heard the same old story— that he had gone mad over her.' ' That is not hor fault,' interposed Sir ?Harvey. - ' Sho cannot bo blamed for that.' - ' Certainly not ; but knowing tho character of the man, she should hot givo him . the slightest encouragement. When lio. was in England boforo, thoro was always -soma' scandal or other about him.' ' That is not her fault either,' interrupted Sir Harvey. 'True; but it should make her careful,' Eaid the colonel. - ' Probably, being young nnd unacoustomed to tho world, she-knows nothing whatever of tho evil side of his reputation, and only knows him as one. of the bravest officer' in Eng land.' . ' Then her husband should look after her,' grumbled tho colonel. 'I have no patience with tho men of to-day ; thoy sit by, in silent inactivity, while their wives go straight to cuin. I cannot tell aro mado of.' ' .This is rather a sweopii]£ assertion,' said Lord Castlemaine, laying down hia paper, ; and looking both gentlemen in the face. Thoy could not havo been mora horrified if thoy had suddenly Been a ghost. Sir Harvey's . ruddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his- agitation, almost dropped hia cigar ; butLord Castlemaine. was serenely unconscious; he bad hot tha most remote idea the conversation had-beqn about him; ho would not have believed- it i! cither ol them had sworn it. ' That is a sweeping assertion, Charters,' ho said again ; ' ana, do yoa think, qaite de served?' : - ' I am aorry to say I bolievo it to pa per fectly truo. I am' amazed- at. the indiiferenti callous fashion in which hUBbanda see yoang and beautiful wives launched on the very Bea of fashion, dissipation, and exoitement,1 and 'mako no effort whatever .to help keep them safe. - 1 say that it amazes me. A huBbahd' Bhould be the guardian of hia wife.' J „ Sir Harvey Hope laughed ; but hia life was not-a bright ono. . ' I do not think many wives would like that notion,' he said. ' . , . Lord Caatlemaine remarked : ' ' - 'lam proud of the reputation the Castle maines have alwayB enjoyed, of being good, husbands;'. The. two gentlemen looked- at each other. Their eyoa met; but they spoke no word. , ' It wouldbo indiscreet,' ho continued, 'to ask of you were speaking ?' Sir Harvey admitted that it would. The Colonel waa silent. . . ' I could not help oyerhearingithe conversa tion,' he Raid, ' and it in no matter of mine —no busineaa whatever of J mine; bat il I nndorstand you rightly, rumour is busy with the name of aome young and beautiful young .lady.' .- '? ? . ? The two frienda lookod at .eaoh other ? Btrangc-ly. . - v ' Thetis it,' replied Sir Harvey. _ ' ' That aime man describes himself as. going mad about her, whilo she is a married woman . . /. ..... ' Truo,' nodded the colondl. Ho wished himself far away, -and evidently thought tho less said the bettcr.' ' If aho ia married; eho haa a hasband to to take caro of her, I suppose, nnd to keep all such men at a diBtanbe,' aaid Lord Caatle maino. - . . . ' . Both gentlomen nodded; bat did hot nnswor. The situation, to siiy the least of it, waa piquant and peculiar. , f I should vory. quickly deoide what to do in hia oase, be ho whom ho may,' continued Lord Castlomaino. ' It ho has dared to speak in that way of any married lady; lot her hus band take tip her defenoo. . There iB no need to whiBper it . in bornera. Let her husband find a whip with a strong lash ; . then let him seek out tho coward who has so ' spoken of hia wife and lash him in public. _ Ono or two saoh examples would oara such eooun drels of trying to make love to other men'l wivea.' ? ?? ? Again the two gentlemen looked helplesBly one at the other. : 'That is tho right thing to' do,' added Lord CaBtlemaise. ' , ' To quarrel with Buch a man is to encourage him ; to fight with him would be to dignify him. -The right thing is to' horsewhip him.' , . ' How can yon horsewhip a gentleman?' asked the colonel, helplessly.. ' A gentleman 1' repeated Lord 'Castlo maino, with infinito scorn. 'We aro not_' Bpeaking of gentlemen; wo are speaking of cowards and traitors, who havo no rospeot for women, and no respect for the honour of their fcllbw-men. We do not oall such persona ' gentlemen.' I would brand such men, I be lieve;' and Lord Csstlem nine's face shone with a noble light as he spoke. ' I belicvo in tho sanctity of marriage and in the honour of women.' I ; ? 'A hobla fellow,' thought the oolonol ; ' but what a situation 1 ' ' Curious things will happen,' ho said, aloud. ' The world is prettysmuoh what it has always been. Tho sina' of Adam andEva,' of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, aro our Bina.' . 'We may all bo sinners,' Baid Lord Castls maine, ' that lies between us and our God; we may all bo at tha same time loyal and honest men, that lies between us and our fel low oreaturoB.' !. Colonel Charters, rose from hiB seat and yawned as politely. as possible. Sir Harvey imitated him as quickly. . Lord Castlemaine wondered why their interest in the subject died bo soon, and why thoy seemed in saoh a hurry to leave., ' I am going your way,' said Sir'Harvey to tha oolonol ; .' ahall wo go together ? ' The two gentlemen loft the'olub together, arm in arm. ' Of all tho strange things,' Baid Sir Harvey, solemnly, '.That is tho Btrangcst. To think that wo should have gone into tho very room where he was, havo taken eeats near him, yet not have noticed it was he.' 'And to think that within sound of his own ears we should have disoussed his wife and ' Colonel Lennox.' ' He has not the faintest idea ol whom we were Bpeaking, '/Baid Sir Harvey. ' Not in the least,' replied the colonel. ' It would not have been a pleasant hour for ns it he had done so, and it would have boen harder still for Lennox.' '?Yes,' said Sir Harvey, with a grim smilo ; ' oven hia victories in Zululana, tho Vic toria oross', and all tha honours he -has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip.' - , 