LIF-fcü FOB LIFE. A DEBT OP VENGEANCE. [WHITTEN FOR THE CLARENCE EXAMINER.] / . (Continued, from.lott Tuesday's issue.) LATEB on this same gentleman was eagerly .searched for ; but those, who sought for his society found him not. The coach started well loaded with passengers, all paid in advance, and if to make up for lost time was bowling merrily along tho dusty but level road up the river, when, au urgent invitation to pause, emphasized by tho discharge of a " " couple bf. shots;; one of which skimmed tho i"-''driver's'bead, »«d mortally frightened the v- ' occupant of the-box nat, caused tho coach ? to stop, when tKo whole of the passengers, '"' after dismounting, were adroitly searched and 'relieved of all articles of value, and having been securely lashed with green-hide thongs to trees, were left to meditate upon the uncertainties of bush travelling. At length a bullock-driver passing within hail was induced to release them from durance vile. "When succeeded in getting under way again, and returning in soberer mood to the town, one man had lout gold-tho property of himself and his mates-to the tune of nearly 300oz, worth over £1100, and none had escaped without some exaction. The police and a black tracker went out and tracked the assailants of the coach into some 'small empty tenta near which the coach wheel had. beon found that morning, but there all trace wau lost by the passage of a flock of sheep over tho ground. It was, however, shrewdly suspected that tho loss of tho wheel was a part of a deep laid plan, which embraced tho delay by any or every means of the conveyance until the arrangements for its plunder had been com- pleted. For a few days we strolled round among the various leads, where the long liner of " shepherds " put in the legal two hours, from niuo till elovena.in., andobserved the manners and customs. Woo to the sensitive man who ventured the interchange of bandinage, more commonly1 known as chaff, with these stalwart guardians of claims. Good measure pressed down and running over was sure to be measured out to him. Lively scenes occurred when a "jump" took Stace, and some Bhare was appropriated in efault,. either of its owner's presence, or his non-possession of a miner's right. The pas- sion for jumping at one time beeamo so Btrong that even the cemetery was no pro . tection. For the first time probably in ^history a grave was jumped. . It happened thus. Colonial fever and bad food, wet claims, and irregular living .were rapidly reducing the population, and aa--the chargea were very high for any special form of work, the undertaker, bettor known aa Jerry, the finisher (a capital con- certina player by the way), had his hands {all;, in fact, BO brisk waa business that a rival had entered the field, much to Jerry's disgust. Upon the occasion referred to they had each' a corpse to bury, and they each Bent their men out to dig the graves. Jerry's man, however, was unable to resist the fasci- nations of a shanty, and instead of digging a grave for a fellow mortal, proceeded to bury his own sorrows in tho flowing bowl. On the road out his employor happened to catch aight of him lying prostrate, and gues- sing!, how matters stood, whipped off with the procession across the bush ; there were no fences to interrupt them there, and by neat exertions reached the ground first. They at once proceeded to bestow their man in the grave dug by the other party, despite the remonstrances of the breathless sexton, who had ' been toiling his best all tho morn ins to get it ready in time, and who saw his toil thus ruthlessly appropriated by another without the slightest compunction, all objec- tions 'being silenced by the unanswerable argument, " Have you got a right ?' cause if rou 'haint I jumps thia claim." Just aa tho last soda were being patted down, tho real owners arrived, and the barny may bo imagined. It was while tho excitement caused by thia amusing incident waa still fresh that the news came in of the rush to the famous private ground of Major Went- worth, situated on the Summerhill Creek. ', Some enterprising speculator had leased the land, and by a charge of one pound per month for diggers, and two pounds for business licenses, besides a royalty on tho gold, succeeded in amassing a large sum. The usual exodus of course commenced, but we decided to take the less known but far more agreeable route, by following the Lachlan to Cowra, and thence by Carcoar and the forest to Lucknow, os the Went- worth waa then termed. Our first two or three day's travel led us through rich green flats, deep in wild clover up to the horses' knees in the benda of the river ; every night aline put out af ter supper brought us fish enough to do our breakfasts-great big Murray cod, often 10 or 15 pounds weight ; and every lagoon had duck in plenty. The HSB had come in time, and though there was/still scarcity of feed on the lower river, the upper reaches were a land of Goshen. We heard news every now and then from chance passengers up or down, although the science of news-gathering waa then only in ita childhood. - People were not BO utterly destitute of information as might be sup- posed. It seemed as though news was the usual charge exacted at each homestead from its casual guests, indeed hardly any other was ever made. It was almost a rule when you heard a whip crack, " Sling the billy," os an old hand once informed, on my expressing surprise at finding a capital spread ready as soon as I reached the hut after letting go my horse. In due course we made Carromindra, with its huge groves of thistles, so tall on the rich black flats that it was easy to lose the way among them, and in the autumn not devoid of danger, for when dry they burn with a fierce Hame, and woo to thu unfortunate man or beast caught in their thickets when tho great sheet of flame comes rolling along before a stiff westerly breeze. Escapo is impossible, and a fow moments ends the matter. We reached the little flat below the town early, and turning out under the rustling oaks, found that we needed supplies. So I volunteered to try the local Emporium Public House store and everything else in one. At the pub. I soon got what was needed for a couple of day's supply, aud found installed as hostler and mun of all work, an old mate with whom I had formerly worked on the Tuena. As he had heard but little fresh mining news lately, he volunteered to stroll down to our camp after nightfall, and learn the latest obtainable information. Accordingly, just as we were lighting the second pipe, our man turned up. He was more than half inclined to go on, and as he put it, " chance thc ducks " with us, than continue at his prosent employment, only , that he expected there would be a rush there before long. The bloke, as he irreverently styled his employer, having engaged some men to prospect a rather likely place about two miles away, could we find 1 Well, to-morrow was the day the men came in. for supplies, and if we liked to follow them out it was easy enough after dusk, but for himself he did not know. Sometimes he thought it might be right, and again he thought ono of them, a very fly chap, might bo salting the ground. After he had taken his departure, made happy by a plug of real American tobacco, which as he said was worth a tierce of that soojee, wo talked the matter over mid decided that it might be worth trying at all events, to see the place where the work was going on. So next morning we moved out as if continuing our journeying, but from a convenient little hill kept the place in view with an opera glass. Accordingly, about two o'clock in the afternoon, we saw a couple of men stroll up,ovidently not travellers, and as soon as it was dusk we pushed in again-near enough, in the still night air, to hear their voices as soon as they carno out again. We had not long to wait. About an hour after dark the barking of the dogs told us that something was going on, and before long two men passed us, for we had posted ourselves nearly along the direction they had come. They wera silent, but the steps could be heard clearly enough, and before long we followed at a Baie distance. Suddenly a voice sounded out in some question which we could not catch, and another replied almost ut the moment. I felt my companion's hand grasp my arm with a strong pressure, and I knew that something uncommon bad attracted his attention. " Listen 1" he whispered, aud his words seemed to come from a frame nerved to meet some tremendous call on its energies. "Listen!" and almost as he spoke the voice again rang out, clear and distinct. This time the speaker had caught his toe in a root, and was objurgating it with surprising fluency and in most unmistakable Irish tones. "That's him," said Jim, and I almost fancied I could see in the dusky starlight the set pur- pose of his face. We walked on silently now, and with re- doubled caution, for a mistake might have been fatal ; utterly unarmed, except' the sheath knife which most men in the bush carried in those days ; on the track of men who even if all were fair and above board would only be deeply irritated at our unwelcome discovery of their prospecting claim before they had thoroughly tested the ground for themselves, but who, as it was, would cer- tainly, if my mate's suspicions were right, not' hesitate a moment at murdering us both. Under such conditions, it may be imagined how carefully we took our way among the white, ghost-like boxtrees,andhowexcessively long the half-hour or so-for from the dis- tance it could not really have been much more, though it seemed like a whole night appeared, till at length we heard the bark of dogs, and soon after, the steady gleam of light told us that those whom we were following had reached their destination. Carefully noting the position of the place, the foot of one of the low spurs running down into'the river flat, we slowly retraced our steps, and after some little difficulty reached the camp. We sat talking over the matter till long past midnight. I could see that my companion was deeply moved ; he was certain that one of the men we had followed was the man he had chased so long-the man whose bullet had left a furrow somewhere along my scalp, whose hand was red with an innocent man's blood. At length, conversation flagged ; Jim seemed more inclined to brood over the past than talk, and at length I left him sitting by the embers, and rolled in my opossum rug, was soon sound asleep. When I woke the sun was shining, and just one faint curl of of smoke from the end of the log told where the camp fire had been. Jim's blanket was gone, but nothing else. And after one vigor- ous stretch, I concluded to let the mystery of his disappearance explain itself, and before many minutes a fire was crackling under the billy and a steak griddling on the coals. Long bofore the cookery was completed I' saw him coming up, with the blanket over his shoulders, and at once guessed his errand. Ho had been back to the prospectors for further information. My calculation proved true. " Yes," he said, in reply to my question. "I could not sleep, so I thought I might as well make sure, and took the blanket and went back to the patch of box saplings just above the hut. I got right into it without the dogs hearing me, and when they came out to' work this morning I got a good look at them both. One of them is Horrigan safe enough ; I could not mistake him. And the other, I was puzzled for a time ; but at length, I recollected that shanty- keeper that was nearly lynched for robbing big Faddy Irwin at the Flat. Well, that is the other; a nice pair." ".Well," said I, '.'what are you going to dot Breakfast first any how, I say, then counsel." One often hears of anxiety destroying the appetite, but I have been in a few tight places in the course of my life, and I have observed that most fairly healthy men, whose nerves have not been wrecked by excesses, think of dinner even under fire. Once, I recollect, when the pump jammed in a deep sopper mine in Queensland, and it seemed very uncertain (so rapidly was the water ris mg) that any o£ os would get out alive. A sort of council of war was held at the top of one of the winses in the main level. After all had expressed their opinions, an inquiry arose as to the advice of the oldest and most experienced hand below. " What do you say, Jim?" No answer, except a faint mumbling sound from a shallow cross cut on the right. A louder and more indignant query-" What aro you doing ; can't you speak, man 1"-led to a reply, evidently from a full mouth if not from a full heart-" Ye can't let a man finish his crib," the UBual term among Cornish miners for refreshments taken during their hours of labour. Accordingly, breakfast was completed in silence and without a word. Jim went to his swag and brought out his revolver-a beauti- ful, self-cocking Tranter, tho best in use in those days, throwing a large conical bullet almost as true os a rifle for fifty yards-and proceeded, deliberately, to take it to pieces and whipe the parts with the oil rag; then he begun to load. Carefully, one by one, he forced the cartridges down with the lever, und then ho looked up and our eyes met. " Well !" said I, interogatively. " Well I" he said, in the slow deliberate tones of a man who is weighing the words as they leave his lips. " I have thought it out : I mean to shoot that scoundrel, even if I am hung for it ; but I don't wan't to get you into a mess, so you just go on your way to the Sheet of Bark, and leave rae-if you are not present nothing can be done to you." " No," said I, " we can't part that way. I. confess I don't like the business, but I'll see you through with it. I owe that chap a debt for doing his best to shoot me. Still I would not like to kill him, except ho tackled me again." " Aye, old boy, but then you did not pick your father up shot dead from behind a ditch. I would stand shot for shot, and bear no malice, but a man's father is quite another thing. Any how I am going now. Shake now and if anything does go wrong, remem- ber I always liked you, and tried my best to go straight while we' were together. Some- how, our hands met in a hearty grip, and then we turned und went back along the track of last night's journey. Jim hud evidently taken his bearings for he moved straight ahead with a confidence that showed he knew exactly the direction of the prospector's camp. Before long we Bighted through the trees the heap of yellowish earth on the lower end of the spur that marked the situation of the prospecting shaft, the occasional bark of ono of the dogs who had probably perceived our approach, was plainly audible, and the dull muffled thud of blows underground that told of someone wedging up timber in tue claim ; we could distinguish the rope hanging down the shaft hitched over the shear-legs and the dogs, a couple of half-bred collies, bad commenced a rush towards us, when suddenly tho hammering ceased, and a cloud of white dust like a blast came out of the mouth of the shaft, accompanied by a ourious dull sound, and what seemed like a half smothered cry with it. The dogs turned at once and ran back as we dashed on to the bank of earth round the logs at the mouth of the mine. I think I was the first to call down into the darkness, and a half stifled voice answered at once " For God's sake, help mate." The sound seemed to come from not more than about thirty feet deep, and- as I slung myself down by the rope on the first set of frames, I could only guess that a fall of earth had taken place. A few feet more and I found the set on which my feet ought to have lodged gone, and a great hollow filled up with bits of timber and indistinguishable masses of rock and clay.. From out of the darkness came moans, and in reply to my call a man's voice, unnatural and broken from pain, replied " I am jammed in the heading in set. My mate is further in the drive. For goodness sake get the head piece off my back." By this time my companion was standing on the set above, and now he swung himself down alongside me, and we took stock with eyes more accustomed to the twilight. They had been following a quartz vein through a kind of clay slate, and having left too much ground open the superincumbent mass had come down suddenly. The wounded man's head could be seen not six feet below us, and the piece of timber which pinned him down, pressed by several hundred weights of clay and debris further in all seemed chaos. The only chance was to wedge the beam up sufficiently high to take the pressure off his loins, and enable us to drag him out through the network of timber that acted as a shield from a further fall, but it was just possible that the first blows of the wedge might start the ground falling again, and if so it would be death for us all. As rapidly aa possible we reascended the shaft, and from the heap of ready dressed timber soon got enough wedges and pieces together, and lowering them down commenced our dangerous work; every now and then small pieces would scale off from the mass above, warning us of the fate in store for us if we delayed too long, but the position of the poor wretch who had now fainted, was so terrible that we should have been harder hearted than most diggers if we had not made at least an effort for his rescue. Slowly, half an inch at a time, the timber rose, under the irresistible power of the wedge, and we were able to extricate him, still unconscious, and putting a bight of the rope round his shoulders hoist him up and lay him out under the little bark shelter beside the shaft. A can or two of water sprinkled on the face, and few drops forced in between the clenched teeth, sufficed to restore consciousness, and he looked round with that dazed look which sudden return to consciousness gives, and then he seemed to feel the sudden accession of pain, and the groan that escaped him seemed to tell of some terrible injury ; a cursory ex- amination showed that he was badly shaken and bruised, and the left collar bone and Boveral ribs broken, but when we had made him as comfortable as circumstances would permit, with a couple of coats rolled up under his head, he managed to ask " Did you get him V and then with Blow difficult speech he told us how they had noticed the ground to be shaky the day before, and had got the timber ready and started to put it in that morning. That they got one set in, and that he was at the entrance of the tunnel passing in some more Blabs from the shaft, and his mate driving homo the big wooden wedges in the second set, when after a few blows the whole roof came down, and he only knew that he was jammed and could not move. " Then " said I " the other chap's as dead as a door nail." " No," said he, " he spoke to me just before you came down, and said he was fast, but he could breath well enough, and then I heard nome more stuff come from above, .and part of it came on me, and I heard no more." We looked at one another. The danger waa great, bat the man below was richly deserv- ing of death ; but still that slow crushing out of life seemed horrible, and by a simultaneous impulse we turned to go down again into the dark shaft, rendered twice as gloomy by the bright sunshine above. At the bottom we got a light from the candle still fastened in the wall, but which had been put out by the concussion of the air. Crawling carefully over the mass of entangled timbers we could see a huge flake of clay slate hanging from the roof, and evidently only wanting a touch to bring it down in thunder on the poor fellow. A few feet in was a sloping pile of lumps from the size of a man's head to tho body of a bullock, and projecting from underneath them something, which at length in the dim light resolved itself into the head and shoulders of a man, covered up to the waist with the debris. With some difficulty we got a prop in, and placing it under the impend- ing flake as securely as we dared, so as at all events to check the suddenness of its fall, we went cautiously forward, and to our surprise there was a movement of the head, the whole of the lower extremities must have been crushed, but vitality was still there, for a look of recognition seemed to croas the features, and a strango helpless expression of dread came into the staring eyes for a moment. Jim and the man to whom he owed so terrible a debt of vengeance, and who had such cause to dread his approach, looked into one another's eyes, and then they seemed to exercise a mutual repulsion. As Jim turned away and stooped right under the great flake, and strove to movo a hugo piece of clay that pressed hard on the imprisoned man's chest, the object of the action must have been misunderstood, perhaps tho brain succumbed to the terrors of ma awful situ- ation, perhaps conscience told him what he deserved, and therefore ho imagined that his foe would take advantage of his helpless posi- tion. Anyway his whole strength seemed put forth in the despairing shout that, muffled as it was by the earth, must have been audible far enough away. Ere its reverberations had died away I felt the tiny pieces of clay on my face and hands that told me of the settling of tile superincumbent mass, and with a cry I caught my companion's arm. The post we had fixed under the fluke groaned and crackled as we sprang past it into the ?haft, and hardly had we reached the unin- jured portion of the timbering, than the dull grinding sound,, and the rush of air almost knocking us from our footing, told us that the murder by the Blackwater had at last been avenged, and that Horrigan had gone where earthly tribunal or human vengeance could never reach him. "I owe you my life, old boy," said my companion as we gained again the welcome sunshine. " Thank God, we did not come a day sooner, and that I at least have no blood on my hands." My story is told, we got the people from the inn to look after the injured survivor of our strange adventure. Jim went down (after selling out of a good Wentworth «laira) to Sydney, and returned at onoe to his home. He writes to me occasionally and I often receive newspapers which speak of him as a prosperous country gentleman, and active magistrate, and one of the few men who suc- ceed in getting their seat in that isle of saints where Parnell is the real king, and I suspect at the Quarter Sessions few of his brother magistrates have any idea that their respected chairman once set out revolver in hand to take life, and that only «no of those strango interventions of Providence, which men call chances, saved him from being a murderer in the eyes of the law, though he himself would have claimed to be only an avenger of blood. THE END. 