' Hamlet. ' .??(??; ' Tbe plaj's t!io tiling.' Law night Shakeppoare'st-og-dy of ' Ham let' was produced itt tho Thwitre Royal by Mr. W. J. Holloway and his ta'ontcd oom pany. The houfo wai orowdod in overy part, tho drean oirclo boiug filled with tho unnal fashionable Friday night uudienje. Thn Shakespearian pruductiona of Mr. Hollowny havo so fur been moat BnooosJul, and it if gratifying to hoo that; Briabano audiencei aro eo highly oulturod as to prefer sound tterhng merit to morbid it-nsuticnnltam. After tnch successes as 'Borneo and Juliet' and 'Muoh ado about nothirig,' great anticipations had b^on formed about 'Hamlet.' Whatever might have leen oxpioted. last night's por/ormanoo cer tainly equals if it dons not sarpj,.'a its proda eetsirs. ''Hamlet' ia 'ho most tragic and dinunl in tono and effeot of Iho wholo of Bbakei-pearo'B plays, and yet it is porh»p3 one t-f the most powerful of them all. Every great ao or, for inoro than a century pnsr, hns essayed tho part ? tf Somlet the Dane, aui g eat aotresB33 j oonsider their repertoire inoomploto if it do33 not iuo:ude Ophelia. .Every mum has hii own conception of what ''HumUt' should bo. The diversity of opinion existing at to tho manner in which ' Hiiralot' shoit'd 03 played is widespread. Perhaps no other oharaoter has | met with so much criciuimn from the public, I As n rule, the average playgoor contents him- | self with uojeptingthDrendennijoE aplavaaho j sees it performed by oortain person -. With tho character of Ilamlcl, however, it ia different. Nearly everyeno has seen 'Hamlot' perform3d by muro than ono m-if, and aa tho rende-inga ; are sure to havo been different, thero comes into the quostion ' comparisons.' which in thia instanoe are not ' odious.' Thon aga'n tha oareful atudent of ShukispjaTo, and thore are muny, roads 'Hamlet' with an uncertain ' fee!iijg. Ha Jmowj not whether to boliovo thut Hamlet, aa Sh^fcsp^are made him, ia j really mad at his fathor'3 loss, or whether j he ineroly seems to ba so in order j to eff ct his end. Having studied the play carefully and seen it actel many times, and had tho opportunity c:f witnessing tho boat aotora living play the gloomy prince, wa thialc tU^t Shaliespcaro'd Samlet was not really mad. In neariy overy icstanoa whare Hamlet psej phrases that aro ambiguous thoy uro oxplaiuai beforehand or by an asido. Ho tolls his frienda Horatio and Marcellus whon ha makes them swear on his bword not to reveal what thty have aeon, that they must aot be surprised if he ' ehall think _ moot hereafter to put on an antic disposi tion' and use ' ambiguous' phrasos. Again, in his pasauges with J'oionius he shows a ready wit that no madman could possess, aud as Tolonius remarks, there is 'method in his madness.' Wonld a madmun have had tho ounning ingenuity to devido th? play of tha 'mouretrap' whorein ho 'oatohe3 the oon soienceof tho king. ' Inhiiincohercntramblinga ?with Ophelia, ho haa an object in view, for ha has seen the Kin? and Totonius CDncojlod behind tho arras, and ha accordingly wishta to deceive them. Would a madman be capable of giving tuch instructions to the player king aB Samlet did ? Every action of the man marks his sttnity. Ho has ono fixed idea, that of avenging hia father's moot 'foul niinatural murder.' This may oooupy his mind to the exclusion of other thoughts, buc it certainly never drovohim mad, or the dangjr to tho king would not have bson to great. Mr. Holloway has mounted ' Hamlet ' in a ?way that reflects credit upon all oonccrnocl in Its production. The scenery is now and com plete. When the curtain first rises it discloses s charming view of tho battlements of the casto at tlainoro. The fortxeaj towors high above tho Burroundings, and tho red glare of the beacon-light throws snadowa of a weird nature around. Tho ghoat scenes are wall done and most effective, whilut tha soeno at Iho summit of ihe cliff, v:hore the ghost st.iacU and delivers Lis ni-laucholy tale, evoked applatiso. Tho rooms of ehto and the quoeu'a orato:y aro well sot, whilst tho c'uurohyavd sccuo, with tho . church in tho baolr grcund, aud the nowly-mado gravo, could haidly huvo been batter. Me. Holloway played Hamlet, aud it evidently ia n character that ho has givon much thought utid study to. He ticads closely iu tho fo'otabpn of Icving, i both in the arrangement of tbe play aiad his method of uctiug it. Ha could not follow a better example, albeit opinions differ as to the merit of Irving's Humid. Hb speaks ovory lino clearly uud cJistinoily, 'trippingly on tha tongue,' nud does not ' mouth ' it at all. Ha never lauts, but at times tho excitement U almost too much for him. In the boudoir Hoeue ?with the Queen he is at bis best, and ho aots this telling interview splendidly. In tha graveyard acd the lust sccno ho is also good. Mr. Hollo wuy 'b Hnmlcl is a far mo.' e npcoptablo parf orra ? ancu than either his llomeo or Benedick. Thore is evidence of miimto attention to det.iii iti every lino ho utters. Mr. Ho loway's Hamlet is a performance of gruat morit. - Miss Eetio JinjKS ob Ojihelia, tlio ill-fated daughter of Tolonius, playB with that oauaoien liousnesa and ekill which she naver faihito display in whatever sho undortakos. Her Ophelia is.an exoellent performance, but it haidly cornea up to either her Julitt or Beatrict. She lookb lovely— she cannot help doing that— and her aoticg ia full of force and power, bnt ihe picture id not quits so complete aasho gene rally pnint3 them In the famous mu3 S3ono eho was ftt her blst. atd tho wild loulr in hor eyes proclaimed the vaoanoy of hor mind. Miaa Jenjns has bestowed great care upon this cha racter, but there are iewaotreshea thai can play Op/ieZiaasitehouldbspUyod. Mr. Harry Hoaaon. asPo/oniKiwaaexcellaut. Whato7or Mv. Hodson undertakes he dooB it well. His manners anU clcontion wero both good, and his pt-rformanca wob in every respect meritorious. He also played Second Gravediggtr wall. Mr. Chitloa Holloway a- tho &/io»«'wa8 iairly BUC0E83ful, but might havo boon hotter, but as the' Firtl Gravediffger he oould not be surpassed. Ho Iroughtout tho dryhurnourssideof tho oharaoter to peifeotion, and made the audience laugh at his ready wit. Mr. Richard Stewart, a3 Laertes, aoted with oaro, and aB tho Player King he epoko his lines well. Mr. Norman, as the King, thowed that lie ia making marked im provement, ? and his Btift'uois is gradually wearing off. Ho speaks well, and lust nigh ho gave an excellent performance. Me. Solfe as Horatio, wbb also goad, in faot it is abau ?? the' best oharnoter ho has yet played. Mr. Walter Carlo, as Mat ceUun, and Messrs. Atkin son and M'Kenzie, as Uossncrantz and Gu'.lJe ;- stern, wore all good. Miss Marian 3Iorri3 was pojfcct iu her part of the pkyor qusen. Mtaa Kute Aid en, as Qtteenof Denmark, was Homowhat uninteresting, but th»to oharaoters da sot suit, hor as well an that of tho JV/irss Illnnil typo in which sho is perfection. Hiss Nita Stotlo hn not had onough to do of lute. Sho ployed tho small part of Osr'w vory well, rmd was dcosnod in a most elegant costume. Mijs Ktoile in a good aotroas, and tha auiionoo w.iuld no doubt like toseeherinmoreprominontpactB. Tho wholo of tho ooelumes wero in cxoollent taste. The ronsio was admirably arranged by Mr. Frauk Engardo, and tho ban.l pl'.yod well. Last xdght'B performance of 'Hamlet 'is oqu.il to anything tho company hive 3 ct produced, and should draw crowdod houses. It will be ro peated th'.s and overy evening until further notice. 