MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND, A NOVEL. CHAPTER XYII1. OLD ACQUAINTANCES. Br ADELINE SEBGEAKT, Author of " JACOBI'S WIFE," Sao. " Hare yon come back 1" he stammered at length. " I thought that you—that yon" " That I was drowned ? I've no doubt you did," said Le Breton, with a rough laugh. " But here I am, you see, alive and hearty; and as I thought that you would enjoy a chat about old times I came on here, and took the liberty of making a transfer of wardrobes. Your togs don't fitme very well, old boy, but they're more comfortable than the things thev lent me on board ship." Clifford did not speak. He turned up the gas, stirred the fire, and examined the contents of a tray that stood at Le Breton's elbow. There was a half-emptied bottle, of * brandy, upon which he laid his hand. Again Robert Le Breton burst oat laughing. " That's right, old fellow: steady your nerves by all means. It's discomposing to see gliosis, I know. But Tm no ghost, after ; good honest flesh and b!ocd, I assure yen. " Honest!" muttered Clifford, with a sneer that was not loBt upon his companion, although the word seemed to slip out from between his teeth half against his wilL " Honest!" He poured a little brandy into a glass and drank it off at a draught, passed a scented handkerchief across bis lips—which had grown paler than usual—and then contrived a very creditable smile. " You're always welcome, Le Breton," he said, " wherever yon go. No doubt you've learned that fact by this time. . Of course you have taken me a little by surprise, but you often used to do so, if I remember aright." , r Yes, I did," answered Le Breton, thoughtfully, " I did. And you were about as quick in getting over your surprise as anybody I ever knew.' Clifford bent his brows. There was some allusion to the past in Le Breton's words which did not please him. " I suppose you will want sapper?" he said dryly. *' KotL Your slavey—chai *oman—whatever she is, has given me a good beefsteak already. All I want now is a smoke and a chat before we tnrn in." " Do yon suppose that 1 am going to give you a bed ?" "I don't suppose it; I know it. Bed, breakfast, and dinner too, if I choose; and a new rig-out, and money in my pocket. That's what I want from you, Mr. Clifford Vargrave ; and whafs more, I mean to have it." "Now, look here," said Clifford, sternly, " that sort of talk won't go down with me, Robert Le Breton. If you insult me, you biow that you will have to pay for it. I acknowledge that you can do me a great deal of injury, but it would be.injury that I could get over; whilst, if I t»pen my mouth, I could ensure penal servitude for you for a good term of years—perhaps for life. We are on pretty equal terms, and you need give joutBelf no airs of bravado about your power." Le Bretou laughed almost genially. " Here's a burst of passion !" he said, with a touch of burlesque in his tone. " You must be taking things very much to heart, Cliff, before you work yourself up to ansh a pitch as that. As to being on equal terms, I deny it. I don't care a hang whether I see the inside of a prison or not. My friends won't cut me if lam tried for fraud, and forgery, and all that sort of thing. Penal servitude for life!—that's all bosh. X should get off; there's not evidence enough to convict me. Bat you—you go in for the superfine gentleman, heavy swell line of business; you know well-enough how Bome of the stories that! oould tell would affeet you. You were a precious queer lot, Mr. Clifford Vargrave, When I had the pleasure of your acquaintance in Berlin, at Baden, and at Monaco, not so very many years ago." Clifford stood motionless; his face assumed a yellowish pallor which somewhat belied the boldness of his words. His dark brows were still bent, more in perplexity than in wrath ; his eyes sent out an evil gleam as he listened to hiH "visitor's insinuations; and he bit his lip savagely, so that the blood began to start He took out his handkerchief again, and touched his mouth with it softly from time to time as the conversation proceeded. The little red stain upon the white cambric seemed to annoy Le Breton; he glanced at it with evident discomfort. " Pat down that white rag and listen like a man, can't you f he growled sulkily. " Leave your mouth alone, and attend to me." "Sorry if it annoys you," eaid Clifford, seating himself and resting his elbows on the table, and his chin on his hands. The handkerchief was still pressed to his mouth; possibly it was a relief to him to be able to conceal that tell-tale feature. He looked Le Breton well over from head to foot, and then asked a question in a tone which showed that his nerve was returning. " With whom have you been fighting ?' he said quietly. Le Breton involuntarily touched the raised red bar which Giles Kioglake's stick had left across his face, and burst into a volley of Imprecations upon the giver of the blow. Clifford listened in contemptaonsrilence, and not until Klnglake's name was mentioned did >be exhibit any special interest in the matter. Then, indeed, he lifted his eyebrows, and .made a slight interrogative comment. Thai fellow, %BB it ?" Do you know him ?" " Slightly. He's in my way." Le Breton suddenly stopped short in his tirade, and looked at Clifford from beneath bis brows. Clifford's face did not change, but' his eyes had assumed an expression of venomous hatred which boded no good to the man of whom they had been speaking. "I see," said Le Breton, with a nod of his head. " You want him shelved." * « Yes." - "What for?" Clifford looked at him curiously. 1 1 Can I trust vou ?' "Is it a good thing?" Yerv—for you as well as for me." " Then I'm your man, Cliff, my boy. Come, what is it?" " Yon say that Kinglake struck you when yon mentioned——" " Cicely Lorraine. Yes, confound him! As if she wasn't my own second cousin!" "Even second cousins should be mentioned with respect," said Clifford coolly. " What did ycu say toKinglake ?" "I threw it in his teeth that he perhaps •wanted to repair his broken fortunes by carriage, at which he flew at me like a tiger." " Don't wonder at it. Gentlemen don't like to be talked to in that way by cads in the street." "I'm Cicely's cousin," said Le Breton sulkily. " A very distant one. If I had any thought of marrying Miss Lorraine I should take great care how her name wai used." Le Breton burst into a hoarse laugh. "You marry Cicely i" he exclaimed. " I suppose you don't mean that you have any th inght of it; but, if you have, you had better pat it out of your head at once. She wouldn't have pou." " Why not f said Clifford, biting his lip again. Le Breton had his revenge. He looked at Vargrave much as that young man had looked at him, with infinite, and much more insolent, contempt. " A little cad like you!" be said. Then he leaned back in his chair and puffed a clond of smoke from his pipe, continuing to eye Clifford all the time with arrogant depreciation. Clifford flushed angrily, but spoke in his usual tones. "I mean to try," he said. " Try away. I don't mind. I would rather you had Cicely than Kinglake. And, as you say, it wouldn't be a bad thing for me." He smoked in silence for a few minutes, and then added bluntly— "I'll help you." " You talk as if you had the matter in your own hands!" said Clifford, with very natural irritation. "So I have, more or less. My wife is Cicely's closest friend." "Yes, but your wife is not particularly foncLof you, is she?" " Oh, bless you," said Le .Breton frankly, " Pauline^s only a. woman. She storms sometimes and says prccious nasty things, but she comes round afterwards. And if I give her a silk gown or two and a gold bracelet, and take her off for a jaunt, she'll be as sweet as honey and as mila as milk." "Oh," returned Vargrave, with meaning emphasis. " Then yoa have come back from the Cape a moneyed man have you ? Shares, old fellow." Ls Breton uttered an oath. "I have not made one brass farthing," he asservated. "Don't lie," said Clifford, cheerfully. " You have come hick richer than yon went; I can s&e; it in your eyes. What was it? Diamond hunting ?' Never had a day's luck at the diamond fields." " Perhaps you relieved another man of his share." said Clifford, keeping iiis eyes attentively fixed upon Ls Breton's face. " I hope you did (not go ^too far for safety. Fraud is harmless enough sometimes, but waysid e robbery, for instance, with violence " Le Breton started up with a tremendous oath. The perspiration broke out upon his forehead, and his broad limbs seemed to treacle under him as he said with a fierce stammer "How?—what? What do you uean Clpfuid uttered a gentle laugh. 4-To be continued.) 