THE fOUNG FOLKS. FOB FORTUNE AND GLORY. A 8 TOBY OP THE SOUDAN WAR, By Lewis Hough, Author of ' Doctor J iliiSe's Bo?9,' 1 Jack Hamilton's Lack/ etc. etc. Chapter VI.— Ik Farnham Park. Obarota parade was over, and quiet reignea |b the oaxnp of the Fourth Battalion Blank- birs Regiment, which was undergoing its animal training at Aldershot. A young man in civilian clothes sat at breakfast in the officer's mesa-teat. He was a victor and guest, who had no obligation to gidj rising, so he lay Enng till tbe band, marching the Church of Englauders off at nine o'elock, roused hirnt end then he performed a leisurely toilet. And now he, the subaltern of the day, and the officer who was to take the Roman Catholics, had the tens to themselves. The former was some distance off, the latter sat next to him. ..... I came only just in time for mess yesterday, so we had no fame for a private chat,' said the one in plain clothes. 4 But I hnvea lot to say to you.' 4 Well, look here,' replied the other, my parade ia at eleven ; the dress bogle has just gene for it. I ehali be back by half-past twelve. Then we will have lunch and go for a walk, yoa, I, and Strach&n;, if yon like.' I should like it very much, though how yon oan expect me to eat lunch after such a breakfast as this, at such a lste hour, I cannot imagine.' 4 Oh, the air here is wonderful for the appetite. Not like London and Egypt, which seem to be your haunte.' 4 And the anaoconntable disappearance of this will o? Uncle Richard's, Kavanagh, has it put you in a very big hole V 4 Not just yet. The dear old man felt himself facing, and thought he might forget j me ae weeks went on. So, instead cf reading a quarterly ebeq'te, he paid my allowance for the whole year iEto the agent's hands. So kind and thoughtful of him, was it not ? Bat for the futare. of coarse it will be rather awkward for me if the will does not turn op. I go In direosly after the training for the Competitive Examination, and so does Attach an = We have both passed the Preliminary, and shall have served our two trainings. Well, if I pass, it will be bard enough to iivs on my pay, but I muss get into the Indian or Gold Coast Services, and try in that way. If I don't succeed, wby then j have so idea what to do next. At least, 1 have an idea, bat there is no need to think it out anfcil the necessity comes.' 4 What do you think of your chance ? ' Well, t£y coach thinks it doubtful. He has known fellows get their commissions who were worse op than I am, and he has known fellows fail who were better up than I am. It depends on the lot of competitors, and also on their quality, and a little bit on luck. There ia a good bit of luck in having the question you have crammed set, you know.' « i Cftn imagine there mast b8. And how about Straeban ?' . Well, if he has not got a good bit in hand, I am not in it, that s all. He oould give me a hundred marks and a beating. However, I fancy that he must be safe. Bat there is the fall-in ; I most be off,' As Kavanagh left the tent Strachan dame into it, 4 Well, old fellow, and how did yon sleep ?' lie asked Not badly,' said Forsyth. 4 1 fancy I should have been still at it but for that big dram of yours.' 'Hush! It is lucky the Oolonei Is not here. Never speak of the big dram in that irreverent tone to him, I pray. It would well- nigh give him a fit. The big drum is his fetish, though he nearly smashed it himself last year.' 4 How was that V We were out on the Qaeen's Birthday, and had to fire a feu dejoie. Battle up the . front rank, rattle down the rear rank, three times, yon know. The horses hate it, and the ebief bad a young one who did not like ordinary firing very well, though be had got him in band for that. But the roll was too much for the gee's nerves ; he went wild with terror, bolted slap through the hand, and finally reared up till he rolled over, It looked as if the Colonel was under him, and those who went to help thought him smashed. But he got up, and s&id;, with a faos of intense anxiety — _ t _ 1 41 Is the big drum safe ? say, how jolly it is to meet you again, old fellew. Don't you remember that last evening at Harton, we said we were ears to meet, we three ; and here we are, you see. But, I say, this is a bad story for Kavanagh about this will being missed, is it not ? Bad for yon, too, though. Your mother was in it, was she not?' 4 Yes ; but as the testator's sister she will come in for something, probably, anyhow. Trae, it is mostly land, and I believe an uncle abroad will inherit that. Bat I don't know the legal rights of the matter yet quite. Anyhow, she haB something of her own, and I have learned how to get work and earn my bread by it. So, all round, it is worse for Kavanagh. What is his chance for passing V 4 Not very good, I fear,' said Strachan. 4 1 don't feel safe, and I have read more than he has. And he is suoh a good fellow! He was awfully vorry about Mr. Barkers death, bat made no trouble whatever of tbe missing will. That is, of course, he thought the prospect of being penniless a great bore# but he never got into low spirits, or wonted others nbout st. And with, his tastes and id? as, too 1 4 Yes,' said Harry; 'fellows at Harton used to think him a tremendous swell. And those who did not know him were ap to take a prejudice against him " Lady Kavanagh ' some called him you remember. But we mtit bsvti a -long ta'k we- three, for my time is /Short.; : I rant go back to.-mctrow. K%v4riftph proposed a wik alter lunch. 'Certainly, if y <S like. We generally walk over to Farnham on a fine Sunday after- nooh— #re tbe bishop's palwrias/ 4 I know. I: have ofteoheawMd Farnham, and abOuM tike to eeet,' said Marry. And, otttafe owning bmnw pfiiifr i j,; : 1 - Thai lunch time arrived, and was on the table very punctually, though Harry did not want anything. Bat with the majority, who had breakfasted before eight, it was different. Kavanagh came in ready dressed for tbe walk, and expressed impatience at Strachan being still in uniform, 4 1 have got to pay my oompany,' ex plained Strachan ; 4 but I shall do it directly the dinners arc over, and then it won't take me five minutes to change.' And he was as good as his word, for by a quarter to two he was ready to start. It was a fine afternoon and a pretty walk ; - round the end of the Long Valley by Cocked Hat Wood, skirting the steeplechase course ; through shady lanes to the wild farze-clad common land; up tbe sides of the hill range, where the old Roman encampments can still be clearly traced 'This one looks precious modern,1 said Harry, doubtfully. 1 Oh, the engineers may have been digging about a bit. And this certainly is a modern shelter trench. There are battles fought here, you know, whenever the generals are too lazy to go so far &b; the Fox Hills,' said Straohan, irreverently. 4 But look at the view. 0?fli to the left, where you see the queer-shaped black wood, is Sir Walter Scott's novel — what's his name the first one and the least interesting; at least, I should never get through it.' ' Waverley,' said Kavanagh. 'Doa't expose your ignorance and want of taste, Strachan. You could not seethebbey if we went there, Forsyth, or else I should have proposed it. But the grass £b not cut yet, and till it ia no one may go to the ruins. That is Farnham Park below us. Yonder is the Hog's Back.' A pretty road led them down to the park oolicg, which they skirted till they earns to a ladder stile, which they crossed into the park, close to the solid old-world walls and towers of the bishop's castle. 4 What splendid trees !' cried Harry, as the three old friends eettled themselves comfort ably under one of them. 4 1 don't know when I have seen each beeches,' 4 Very condescending of yon to admire any thing in England, snob a traveller as yon have been,' said Strachan. And you have bsen to Egypt ? I envy yon ; I have al w&ye; longed to see Egypt.' 4 There am more unlikely things than that when yon are in the Line. Things arc not settled there yet.' 4 Why, Arabi's insurrection is completely quelled, and he is a prisoner. And the Government will have nothing to do with the Soudan business, they say/ 4 Who is they ? One eefc of theys say so, and another set of theys say we can't help having to do with it, let tha Qaskers s&y; what they will. For my part, I hope ail will be quiet.' said Forsyth. 4 Qaiet 1' cried Strachan. 4 Why, if there is no war there will be fewer vacancies, and I am less likely to get my commission in the Line !' Modest youth ! So you want some tens of thousands of fellow- creatures to be slaughtered, palms and frail trees to be destroyed, and a whole country made deso late and miserable for years, and millions upon millions of pounds drained from the British tax-payer, in order that you may get yonr commission wltbn little less trouble ! You remind me of the reasonable prayer in the poem— 4 " Oh, gods ! annihilate both Time and Spice To make two lovers happy." ' 4 Oh, bother \ I don't look so deep into things as that,' said Strachan; 4 1 can't declare a war, and I would not take the responsibility if I could ; but if it comes and does me good, I can't help liking it. It is like winning a wager — I am sorry the other chap should lose, but I am consoled by tha reflection that I win.' 4 Exactly,' said Harry; 4 and I strongly expect that I should lose by any disturbance in the Soudan, and that Kavanagh would, too. It is a long story ; but yon are each an old friend that it won't bore you, Strachan, though it does not concern you personally. You both know all about the will and He mysterious disappearance, so I need not recapitulate that. Well, I have been to Ireland and seen the lawyers— Burrows and Fagan. I could not make much of Barrows, who is a duffer ; but Fagan has his wits about. He had never had . to do wish that branch of the business, but now tbe credit of the firm was at stake he busied himself in making searching and pertinent inquiry, A sharpish boy-clerk was certain that the vi 1 was left at the office, and kept in the Burke deed box iu the late Mr. Barrows 's time ; and, when eloseiy pressed and questioned, the present Burrows recalled having seen it there since he came into the partnership. Then the question arose— Who oould profit by its disappearance ? The answer was, if a former will were in existence, Fhilipson — my uncle's son- in-law, who was bis original heir — would. But tbe old willis not forthcoming either, and Philipson is done both ways, for he neither gets tbe property left him by the first will, nor the allowance secured to him by the Becond. Indeed, he is barely exieting on small sums advanced him by & spscr# lative solicitor on the chance of one of the wills turning op. I saw a lot of Philipson ; suoh a jolly cose — like a big ted traffic. He said he was certain the late bead clerk— a chap of Egyptian or Arab extraction, named Daireh — had got the wilt, or wills, having abstracted them after my unole's death, because he had fainted at being abe to tell him how to find them, and had appointed the Sunday to meet him, bat had failed to keep tryst, and had disap peared. AH this had to be wormed oat of Philipson, who spoke very reluot&ntly; at first. And 1 suspect be is ae big a rascal as the other, And was in a plot with him to destroy No. 2, and prove will No. X, only (he other would not trust him, hut wanted mgney down. The Reason he did not keep his ap pointment is evident, for tbe polios wanted him for forgery abont a fortnight later, and of course he had found ont that he was dis covered, and made tracks at once without waiting to come to terms with Philipson, The polioe have tried to traok him every where without hitting apon a ghost of aolue b&yopd; 1/Qndon, from , which place s letter was sent to h|s BjnpJqyers. Bat I know the direction ip whiph feo look fof bim.' You do f cried Jtavantgb, pjxqh in terested, V < liked being photographed, bo there were lot, of his likenesses extant. I was certain 1 knew the fsee from the first, aad I was soon able to associate it with that of a fellow 1 passed on the Nile just above the Second Cataract. He was going up, and I was coming down, and I did not see very much of him ; but I would swear to his ngly face any where. ' 4 And yon heard where he was going V asked Strachan. 4 Yes ; toBerber. And I know the natives who know ntm, bo I have a good chance of traoking him ; and i? he don't produce the will be shall eat a stick.' 4 Let him eat a little stick, as you poetioaliy call it, even if he does produce the wili. I think a hundred on his feet, or any suitable portion of his person, might have a good moral influence upon' him,' cried Kavanagh. 4 Oh, to have the handling of the bamboo !' 4 We have got to eatch the beggar first, said Harry. 4 And are you going after him really V said K&vanagh.; 4 Or are you only chaffing? It seems a witd goose chase.' Yes, I am going,' said Harry ; 4 and I think better of our chances than yon seem to do. In the first place, I have picked up a smattering of Arabic, and that is a help ; and then I have friends who can give me recom mendations to the Egyptian authorities in any town which is held for the Khedive on thi Upper Nile, and I am pretty confident I can make them help me.' ' But suppose this fellow has not got the will, or has destroyed it, or has hidden it somewhere, and won't tell?' 4 That would be hard lines for you, K&vanagb;, and I hope better things. But even in that case it woald not follow that my jonrney would be useless to myself. I have go? a crazy uncle, a brother of Uncle Richard, who is heir at-Iaw if a wili ia cos forth coming. He has turned Mohammedan, and lives like an Arab, and I believe has con siderable authority amongst them. He was in England the last Christmas we were at Harton, and I saw him in the holidays, and he gave me directions how to find him if ever I wanted, for he took a fancy to me, and wanted me to go and live as he does. With all his eccentricity, he has a strong love for his sister — that is my mother, you know — and if he could be told that his brother was dead, and that he had made a will in his sister's favour whicu had been stolen, by which means he had become heir to tbe Irish property, I am convinced he would try to do something to set matters straight, Anrhow, it is worth trying.' 4 Either 3' said Kavansgh. 4 And if the country is in insurrection, and barred against Egyptian and European travellers, your rela tive's pass may enable you to get at Master C i earn— Batter — what's hie name ?' 4 Daireh.' 4 Ab, yes ; I knew it had something to do with the dairy — to get at him, after all.' ' By Jove, what an enterprising chap yen are, Forsyth !' cried Strachan. ' You deserve to succeed, I am enre.' 4 He does ; and I heartily hope he wili, for if be does not find the will, I shall have to forego all the oomforts of life, at least, all I know of, for I daresay I shall fiud others. Now periwinkles may be a comfort, but what I shn der at is the idea of dirty linen. Not to have a clean shirt every day. ! it is quite too awful to think of. I am sure I wish yoa speedy and complete BacceES, and that you may eat salt with the Arabs, and pat some on Daireh's tail. That is how the Nubians catch their prisoners, Strachan/ 4 And when do you start?' asked Strachan, a great deal too much interested to listen to Kavanagh's nonsense. 4 On Wednesday,' replied Harry; 4 and that is why I cannot stop to-morrow to benefit by your hospitality. I mast go in the morning pretty early.' I'm off to Berber early ia the morning, I'm off to Berber, a little white to stay," chanted the incorrigible Kavanagh, getting 03 to bis feet. 4 Oatchee Dairy, or no catohee Dairy, Forsyth has got to see the old town of Farnham, and walk home by road, and get there comfortably for dinner. So oome on ; I am sare Forsyth mast want to rest his tongae and give bis eyes a turn.' They left the park, and went down into the town by the steps beneath the palace ; and so through the broad street with the retorted houses, the bank, and others, the inhabitants of which ought to wear coifs and pinners, knickerbockers and doublets, and. where tali, black hate should be unknown ; then into tbe main street, past tbe work house, which has a letter-box soliciting books and newspapers for the amusement of the paupers, and so l?aek to camp. Each of 'the three recalled that Snnday walk often and often in after years, with a pleasure which those who have formed school friendships, and met those they had 4 conned1 with after several, yet not too many, years' absence, will understand. They talked ro more of Forsyth's adventurona journey, or the imminent examination lowering over Strachan and Kavanagh. No, the future was banished from their thoughts, which were full of tbe past. Their talk. Indeed, on the way home would have b?en a terrible inflic tion upon an oatsider, had one been of the oompany. tsay, do yon remember Baum major?' 'Bather.' 4 Don't yon remember when be thought he was, sent up for good, and he wasn't, and his face when he found oat that old Williams had smelt his jacket of tobooeo smoke ?' 1 1 remember !' And then a roar of laughter, the joke being only known to the three, bat needing no further elucidation for them. For every period of every publio school has its jokes, which are no jokes to any human being unconnected with that time and place, bat to those who are so connected are a subject of life-long enjoyment. When they got to camp each felt that one of the happiest days of hiB life was drawing to a close. At mess that evening the Adjutant announced that the Oommander-in Chief was coming down next mornisg, and there would be a fidd day on the Fox Hills. . They were to be brigaded at had! -past five, bo the fall in' would be At fire. 4 We ate sure to be back about one,1 said Stttfjbao to Harry later in the evening, 4 Yon ca&k; wait till then,aodhavelanoh.' - to do before I et.rt.eod eeonot ,p«e »0W« dev. Beeidee. it would not bo lutlo y mother. I should have gone off earfym the morning, anyhow ; not so early, you march, but by nine ; so it makes no difference in my plans, you see. sa 4 Well, we shall breakfast at fonr ; there no need for you to disturb ur8®Ja6 -Get up at your own time, and order what you like, you know.' , . - „ __ 4 Thanks, you may trust me, said Harry. 4 Bat I shall see yoo off.' Those ormght resolutions do not always find fulfilment in the morning. Bat when tbe companies were told off and equalised, and only waiting for the Adjutant to call ont the markers and form the parade, Harry Forsyth emerged from the spare tent kept for guests, ana went to the reverse flank to give his two old ohnms a final hand grip. Then the Conel ap peared and mounted his horse, and they had to fall in. And the band struck up, and the battalion trickled away, till the rear oompany was clear of the ground, and Harry found himself alone. - Poor old Kavanagh ! he murmured. 4 Strachan does not matter half so much. IJ he gets spun he has two more chances ; ana if he Jails to get into the Line, then hiB friends have money and interest to start him in something else. But Kavanagh can t g;op on in the Militia, or pay a tutor another eix months, and it is neck or nothing with him. If I find tbe will it will put him square ; but what iB he to do till then ?' Ruminating in this way, Harry returned to his tent and lay down again for a oouple of honrs. Then he tabbed and dressed, and had a comfortable breakfast all by himself ; for he was too experienced a traveller by this time to let melancholy partings spoil his appetite. He was in town by eleven, getting what was wanted to complete his modest ontfit, and at the Sheen cottage with his mother and sister in time for their early dinner. They were a thoroughly happy trio, for whatever interested one of them became at once eqaally interesting to the others, and so Harry coald have his talk ont about the friends he had jast parted from without fear of boring any one. It was a great sorrow to Mrs. Forsyth that her Bon should be going back to Egypt eo scon. She bad hoped that the anxiety she had suffered during his former absence was at an end, at least, for some considerable time. 4 If his constitution were but settled,' she said, 4 1 should not so much mind ; bat he is cot quite nineteen yet.' And B 3 striae tried to be cheerful, and make light of it, but she was sorely disap pointed also. (to bb continued ) 