m mm », SATURDAY, MAY 2i), 188G. 1 LOCAL NEWS. ; EXTRA SHEETS TO THE " MERCURY."-The third Bheet lof this day's paper contains- Advertisements ; Poetry-"The Little Housekeeper;" continuation of talo " After Many Days ;" Miscellaneous Items ; Ensilage Experiment on a Station ¡ Cutting Mar- riage Ties ; A Wonderful Cave ; One Woman Shoots Another ; A Walking and Talking Ghost ; Knights of Labour Doctrine ; The Jokes of Animals j A Brutal Wife Beaterî The second sheet contains Advertisements ; Newcastle Races ; Limeburners Creek Races ; Original Correspondence-Taxation, The Dungog Railway Meeting ; Insolvency Pro- ceedings ; Editorial Article ; Arrival of the English Mail ; Railway Collision at Bowral ; Fatal Fire in New Zealand ; Impudent Robberies in Melbourne ; Secured on the Property; Navigating Balloons; Sanitary Arrangements in Italy; Opening up Central Africa ; United States Labour Statistics ¡ A Proposal of Marriage ; District News-Raymond Terrace, Largs, Paterson, Allynbrook, Branxton, Cessnock, Scone ; Late Cablegrams ; Pool for Girls ; Maitland Gaslight Company ; Cricket ; AVest Mait- land . Police Court ; . Matrimonial Irregularity ; Fought till they Fell ; London Wool Sales. PAYMENT OP MEMBERS.-When our telegraphic summary closed on Wednesday evening Mr. Hey- don was addressing the House in favour of pay- ment of members to decide which a call of the House had been made. The House had resolved itself into Committee of the Whole for the further consideration of an address to his Excellency the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause the necessary steps to be taken to make provision in the Estimates for the payment of members of the Legislative Assembly, and upon ?which the following amendments had been moved : By Mr. Chanter:-" That after the word 'Assembly' the following words be added : ' That such sum be not less than ¿6300 per annum for each member, except such members as are already receiving the emoluments of the State ;' " and by Mr. W. Clarke " That the proposed amendment be amen- ded by adding the words 'that the principle of payment be embodied in a bill and applied to the next, Parliament. ' " After Mr. Heydon spoke the discussion was continued. Mr. Trickett an- nounced that the last amendment would be put first. ' Mr. Melville moved a further amendment, omitting the words "applied to the next Parlia- ment," which would leave the amendment to be "That the principle of payment be embodied in a bill." After discussion this amendment was ne- gatived on division by 36 to 32, and the other two amendments werenagativodwithoutdivision. On the original motion being about to bo put, a number of other amendments were proposed, and ruled out of order by the Chairman. The committee by a majority of 38 to 31 referred the point of order on an amendment by Mr Garrard, which added at the end of the resolution the words " the necessary Parliamentary sanction having been first obtained," to the Speaker, who was against the ruling. Discussion was then resumed, and continued after an adjournment till 3.35 a.m., when the addition of Mr. Garrard's amendment to the resolu- tion as amended was theu put and carried on the following division: Ayes 41 : Fletcher, Ross,Robert son, Collins, Levien, Creer, Ewing, Heydon, Garland, Garrard, J. D. Young, Teeee, Meeks, Neild, Ren wick, O'Connor, Targett, Davies, Day, H. Stephen, Gormley, Moore, Dawson, Garvan, Lysaght, Coonan, Cass, Melville, Lyne, Vaughn, S. Smith, O'sullivan. Chanter, Burke, Forsyth, Hawthorne, W. Clark, Kethel, Bolton : Thompson and Shepherd, tellers, -Noes, 29: Jennings, Copeland, Suttor, See, Roberts, Bowman, Parkes Sir H., Lloyd G. A., Inglis, Sutherland, Burns, Burdekin, Want, Kidd, Quin, Lee, Ilolborow, Reid, Gould, Ives J. H. Young, Dibbs, Hungerford, Wilkinson R. B., Clarke, Henry, Gibbs, Parkes V. ; Ryrie, Tait, tellers.-Pairs : For-Sawers, Wisdom, T. R. Smith, Proctor, Hogan, Stokes, Abigail, M'Kinnon, Henson, Barbour, De C. Brown, Purves, L. Lloyd Fergusson, Sutherland. Against.-Humphery, Abbott, Bull, S. A. Stephen, Butcher, Olliffe, Tarrant, Cramsie, Hammond, Williamson, R. Barton, Scott, Dalton, H. Taylor, Foster. A HINT FOB THE NExt TREASURER.-Cobden used to say, " You can never get a reduction in public expenditure by fixing upon any special instance where it might be made. Up jump a dozen persons to prove that there are overwhelming reasons why that case should stand as it does. But cut off a lump sum, and say to a department, 'You must do with what is voted," and it is amazing to see how soon it is discovered where reductions may come in." PRESENTATION OP A TESTIMONIAL TO THE MANAGER OF EDGEROI STATION.-On Friday even- ing, May 21, Mr. W. C. Antwis, who has managed the Edgeroi Station some eleven years, was pre- sented with a testimonial on the occasion of his leaving tho station. The ceremony took place at the Galathera Hotel, in the presence of the station hands, and many friends who came from Narrabri for the purpose. Mr. G. S. E. Dale presided at the gathering, and the testimonial, consisting of a purso of sovereigns and an address, was presented by Mr. Matthew Thomson. Mr. Antwis responded, saying it had always been his endeavour to do his best for the station hands and for his employers. A number of toasts were drunk with enthusiasm. MAGIC LANTERN EXHIBITION.-A large and ap- preciative audience assembled in the Wesloyan Schoolroom, on Wednesday evening, to witness a lantern entertainment, conducted by Mr. A. S. Browne, in aid of tho Band of Hope funds, when some new and interesting scenes were exhibited. At the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks .was passed to Mr. Browne. FREETRADE AND PROTECTION.-It will be noted by advertisement that on Friday evening next Mr. John Ewing will read a paper on Freetrade and Protection in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, in connexion with that institution. The chair will be taken at eight o'clock, and a cor- dial invitation is extended to the public. THE PAYMENT OP MEMBERS VOTE.-Elsewhere .we make some observations founded on an im- perfect statement, received by telegraph, of the result of the division on the payment of members resolution. The present Assembly will be paid only after the passing of a bill. There is, there- fore, we are glad to think, small prospect of the present Assembly being paid at all. For we cannot believe the Legislative Council will pass such a measure till the country is heard from. We do not in the least recall all that we have written, becauso thprp n.rp rprtninlv ROITIP memherR in the HOUKP who would have voted and taken payment. But these fellows have been obliged to submit to a sense of decency, which we are pleased to find existing. MORPETH PROGRESS COMMITTEE.-An advertise- ment over the signature of Mr. J. W. Bowes, chair- man, convenes a general meeting of this useful body for Wednesday evening, at the Council Cham- ber, Morpeth. Matters of much importance are to be introduced, and a large attendance is desired. The chair will lie taken at half-past 7 o'clock. A STREET NUISANCE.-There is a species of "street nuisance in West Maitland which has exceeded the bounds of endurance, and calls for the immediate intervention of the police. A numfcer of young men and boys engaged in workshops in the vicinity daily squat on a portion of the footpath of the main street during meal hours, and smolce and expector- ate and insult passers-by. Their conduct has be- come a subject of complaint, and they will need to be restrained. Ladies are prevented from approach- ing them, for fear of insult, and prefer to use the opposite footpath. Of late these fellows, with characteristic chivalry, have directed attention to an unoffending Chinese youth, who is in the habit of hawking vegetables on certain days of the_ week. In going liis prescribed rounds, he has occasion to pass the place where these young men congregate. He is .addressed in an offensive way, smiles good naturedly in return, and passes on. The other morning ho was molested by a .couple of iassy, hulking fellows, who over- turned the .baskets and scattered the con- tents over the pavement, laughing and chuckling over the act. Such conduct is unmanly-is mean and despicable, and must be checked with a strong hand. So far it has apparently escaped the obser . vation of the police, but it has attracted the atten- tion of many residents of the neighbourhood. The congregation of persons on the footpath is a viola- tion of a municipal by-law, the lack enforcement of which is giving rise to considerable public incon- venience, SHAMROCK HILL MEAT COMPANY.-In our adver- tising columns will be found tho prospectus of the proposed company to purchase and work the well and favourably lenora Shamrock Hill Meat Preserv- ing Establishment. A glance at the names contained on the provisional committee should suffice to prove to the most sceptical s^culator that everything connected with the company will be carried out in a thorough business style. Mr. H. G. Smith, ac- countant of West Maitland, has been appointed to the responsible position of Secretary, and wo need scarcely S iy that ho is without doubt the right man in the right place. Ho has just completed the arduous task of forwarding to stockowners, specu- lators, and others throughout the colony copies of the prospectus and forms of application for shares, and we have little douht that in a short time wo will be able to report the satisfactory starting of the Shamrock Hill Meat Preserving Company. WESLEYAN CONVENTION.-The United Methodist Holiness Association ot New South Wales will shortly hold a three days' Convention in the Wes leyan Church, East Maitland. This movement seems to have taken hold of the Methodists with something like the grip it had on thom in the olden days of their history. The Convention held in York-street, Sydney, on the Queen's Birthday was a great success, the church being tolerably well filled during the three services of the day. Papers were read, and addresses delivered pertinent to the occasion. The committee of the above Association have decided to publish a weekly newspaper in the interests of Scriptural holiness. SUGGESTED RESERVE INFANTRT CORPS FOB MAIT- LAND.-A proposition has been made to form a Reserve Corps of Volunteer Infantry at Maitland but in view of the state of the public business the movement is not likely to be successful. Mr. J. T. Tegg, who was induced to take the step in conse- quence of very strong promises of support, forwarded an application for the establishment of a corps to the commandant through Lieutenant-Colonel Wilkinson, who, we understand, recommended the proposal. Major-General Richardson has, however, written Lieutenant-Colonel Wilkinson to say that he is unable to sanction the request as the mili- tary vote was expected to be considerably reduced. Tnc " PINK PEARL" COMEDY COMPANY.-Theatre goers will observe by advertisement that this com- pany, which has just completed a season at New- castle, will make its appearance at the Victoria Theatre, West Maitland, this evening, for the first time. The company's stay will extend over three nights, and there will be a change each evening. The opening play is "The Great Pink Pearl," an attractively written comedy abounding in fun and humoious situations. On Monday night "The Bells" will be produced, and on Tuesday "The Profligate." The company is highly spoken of. THE CASE OP CHILD MURDER AT WEST MAIT T «un -Tho ense awiinRt the vonno- woman Fmilv I ua.au.-Aiiu L»aii oguiusu une ÍUuuS .»oiiiau, juiuiijr Webber, for the murder of her illegitimate female child at West Maitland on the 19th ultimo, has ended in a verdict of guilty being returned against the accused, who has been sentenced to death by his Honor Mr. Justice .Windeyer, before whom the case was tried on Thursday at the Central Criminal Court in Sydney. Accused was ably defended by Mr. F. E. Rogers, instructed by Mr. R. W. Thomp- son. The circumstances in which the crime was committed will bo fresh in the recollec- tion of our readers. The unfortunate girl, who is only eighteen years of age, was a domestic servant, and came to West Maitland from Dungog a few months ago. On .the 7th April last she gave birth to a female child at the Maitland Benevolent Asylum, whither she had gone to be confined. While there she let the infant fall out of bed at night, and was spoken to by the matron. She re- mained in the institution till Monday, the 19th April, leaving on the morning of that day, when she registeredtho child in the name of Mary Webber. About midday Mr. Mouie, caretaker of the Maitland Park, noticed her sitting on a tank-stand, at the rear of the grand-stand on the Park, with a baby on her knee, and remarked that it was a very young child for her to have out that day. Accused asked him if he had seen an elderly woman and a young one, whom she was looking for. Monie replied that he had not, but observed two others. After returning from dinner he saw the woman again without the infant. She had a paper parcel in her hand. His suspicions being aroused Monie made a search about the buildings on the Park, and ulti- mately carno across an object, apparently the body of an infant, lying some feet below the seat of the water closet. He immediately communicated with the police, and the body of a child, which was marked about the head, was removed from the pit by Senior-constable Wirrell, who in company with Sergeant Cruise, went in search ot accused. The polico acted with commendable promptitude and judgment, and apprehended the woman shortly afterwards. Accused told the police that she had given tho baby to a Mrs. King, of Castloreagh street, Sydney, who had proceeded by the train. The body of the child was examined by Dr. Black- well, who found a quantity of effused blood beneath the scalp on the right side of the skull, and the parietal and occipital bones were separated from each other for a length of an inch and a half. The organs wore found to bo healthy, and Dr. Blackwell attributed death to injuries to the skull, which had caused compression of the brain. At the inquest held before Mr. Vindin, coroner, the accused ad- mitted that the deceased was her ch'ild, that she toole it to the Maitland Park about twelve o'clock, and on leaving the ground about an hour and a half subsequently, she had not the child then with her. She declined to answer what she did with it. The jury found that the child was feloniously slain by the mother, who was committed by the Coroner on a charge of wilful murder. In passing sentence of death his Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer, on Thursday, said that no jury who heard the evidence could have come to any other conclusion than that arrived at. Accused felt her position very keenly. DEATH OP THE HON. J. B. SUTTOR.-The Hon. J. B. Suttor died at his residence. Wyagdon, near Bathurst, on Thursday morning, at the ago of 76. Deceased was brother of the late W. H. Suttor, and uncle of the Hon. W. H. Suttor, M.L.C., and the Hon. F. B. Suttor, Postmaster-General. R. A. O. B.-The No. 15 Sir Richmond Thatcher Lodge held its usual weekly meeting on Wednes- day evening last, at its Lodge Room, rear of Main's Hotel. This lodge seems to be making rapid pro- gress, judging from the attendance of members on last meeting night, who indulged in some harmony which was well rendered by several brothers pres- ent. The lodge closed at eleven o'clock, after sing- ing the National Anthem and Chasing the Buffalo. THE GWYDIR ELECTORATE1-A writ has been issued by the Speaker for filling the vacancy in the Legislative Assembly caused by the resignation of Mr. W. R. Campbell. The place of nomination is Warialda ; the date of nomination, 4th June ; the nnlliniT dn,v. 10th June : and the date for the return of the writ, 22nd June. The poling-places number l8, and are :-Bingera ; Upper Bingera ; Boggabilla Cobbadahj New Gunyawarilda ; Kunopia ; Meroe, Big River; Mogil Mogil; Mogindie, Moree; Pallamallawa Town ; Rose's Inn, Horton River ; Tullona; Croppa Creek; Warialda; Yetman; Maloney's Inn, Bumble Creek ; Gorah ; Whiteoak's Reedy Creek Hotel ; Wallangra. MR. CHAB MALCOLM'S CONCERT AT NEWCASTLE. -At a concert given by Mr. Chas Malcolm in New- castle on Thursday evening, Mr. Malcolm, according to the Newcastle Daily News, sustained his reputa- tion as a master of the pianoforte, and gave much pleasure to his audience by his efficient rendering of several difficult pieces. - Mr. Malcolm's selections were " La Regatta Vëneziana," " Paraphrase L'Opera Lurline," " Home Sweet Home," (with the left hand) and " L'Air Martial." OFF TO THB KIMBEMLEY GOLDFIELDS.-The Berala of Thursday says :-The steamship Afghan, despatched by Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., took her departure for the Kimberley Goldfields on Wednesday forenoon, with nearly 100 passengers and 180 horsea from this port. The Afghan .ürill call at several ports en route, to take in passengers and stock.-The greatest ex- citement prevailed on the A. A. Company's W.harf all Wednesday. Hundreds of people-men, women, and children-assembled to witness the depa.»ture of the s.s. Victoria for Kimberley, and the bl.tstle that prevailed all day was very great. Some l.W horses were shipped, and the officials of the vessel were busy getting goodsand baggage on board all >d<iy- At G o'clock nearly everything was shipped, atfà the vessel would have been ready to proceed'to e*ea about 7. However, at the insti- gation of a .number of shippers and pas- sengers, Mr. Ponder (of Ponder and Co., who 'have chartered the Victoria for the trip to Cambridge Gulf and Derby) kindlyoon sented to postpone hev departure until Wednesday morning. THE "MERRIE MEN OF SHERWOOD."-The musical public of Maitland district will note with pleasure the determination of tho Maitland Phil- harmonic Society to produce that charming cantata "Merrie Men of Sherwood," on two nights. The piece sparkles with delightful music, and is Bure to meet with public favor. Originally it waa intended to have only one performance, but the committee entrusted with the business part of the arrange- ments has, after due consideration, thought well to present the cantata on the evenings of Thursday and Friday, the 17 th and 18th June next. Mem- bers of the society have been rehearsing assidu- ously under the direction of Mr. G. F. King, their excellent conductor, under whom considerable progress has been made ; and there is to bp a first class orchestra. PASTURES AND STOCK PROTECTION BOARD MAIT- LAND DISTRICT.-A meeting of the above Board was held on Thursday, 20th instant, and it waa resolved that under ordinary circumstances no assessment on stock would be levied during the current year. The scale of prices to bo paid for scalps is advertised in another column. SALE or FREEHOLD PROPERTIES, ETC-We desire to call the attention of farmers, speculatora, and others, to the sale by MessrB. Brunker and Wolfe, of the following first-class investments : Block of land in High-street, West Maitland, with the premises erected thereon, now in the occupa- tion of Mr. Stevenson, chemist ; block of bind in Regent-street, West Maitland, containing 1 acre 2 roods 20 perches, immediately opposite Sans Souci ; splendid lucerne paddock (about G acres) adjoining the Railway, near Regent-street, and fronting the road leading to Dagworth and Fishery Creek ; also, a first-class agricultural farm, containing 40 acres, known as the property of the late Mr. Hartigan, portion of the famous Aberglasslyn Estate, front- ing the Hunter River, and immediately opposite the Eelah Estate, substantially improved. The sale will take place on Monday next, at two o'clock, at Mr. Goodyer's Hotel, Campbell's Hill.-There will also be submitted, at the same timo and place, and by the same firm, the Huthfield Estate, con- taining 2200 acres of grazing and agricultural land, close to the Mount Vincent Estate, and within easy distance of Eaat and West Maitland, perma manently watered, substantially fenced, and other- wise well improved. Tho property is subdivided into farms, and is to bo let by auction. Information as to terms and other particulars will be found in | the advertisements published elsewhere-Communi- cated. SALE OF LAND.-We direct attention to the sale, by Mr. M. Moore, at his mart, High-street, West Maitland, this day (Saturday), at twelve o'clock, of 40 acres of land, on the Crawford River, Bulla delah, cleared and well improved. See advertise- ment.-Communicated. A committee of the Christchurch Presbytery, New Zealand, have drafted a series of resolutions m reference to the New Hebudes They fail to re- cognise that France as any light to annex the New Hebrides , and as to convictism, they ex- press the belief that the time is not far distant when no Eui opean nation will bo allowed to cause a moral nuisance to the Australasian colonies While not wishing to furnish casus balli, they consider a firm diplomatic front is more likely to maintain peace than any temporary policy regard- ing the owneiship of the Pacific Islands At a meeting of members of the Dunedin Presbytotian Synod a resolution «as passed to the effect that on no consideration could they approve of the annexation of the New Hebrides They íecom mended the New Zealand Government to suppoit the policy of the Victoiian Government. 