Anticipations of the V.R.C, Spring Meeting. Bx Newmarket. Tbe whirligig of time has brought rcond the racing carnival of the year, and to-day will usher in the V.B.O. Spring Meeting of 1886\. whioh promises to be the most successful gathering ever held in Australia. Since laBt year considerable improve ments have been made on the course, the most appreciable of which to the general public is the large Increase made in the grandstand accommodation. Patrons of the hill, too, will enjoy the privilege of a grandstand whioh, besides being free, will afford one of the most perfect views of the racing obtainable at Fiemington. Other works have also been oarried out whioh will add to the pleasures of a visit to the course. Owners of horses, too, have had their interests looked after in a most vital direction by the large inorease In the added money to several of the races. This year the winner of the Maribyniimg «ie will receive 1.000 sovs., whioh is double fin a mount of the prise when Acme was room. fob The Melbourne Oop. whioh, like Cleopatra age, cannot wither, nor onstom stale its infinite variety, possesses sn additional phase of interest this year, as the value of the stake is greatly enhanced/ Of the racing itself, it may be safely affirmed that the prospects of the Victoria Racing qjqi, wereneverof a more roseate hae. and, now that the weather appears to be settled, it will not be a loo sanguine prediction to state that the attendance ou Gap Day will bo the largest ever known. I will new essay the difficult task of venturing to prophecy how the different events on the first two days inav terminate. THE MELBOURNE STAKES ratariag into a loogfliy twtaw et ptoba bilitie., I P1"" the<B . XNDUBTBY.. - J isokomy "'j obosshbb 3 eothajf hahdigap. RINGMASTER J Bbowk aud Rose «— — Hexham — maribybhokg plats. HOBTENSE J Lava — — 8 Perhaps or ibsbdsnf ® the victorian derby. TRIDENT .. 1 Chesham .. « j maddeldu. a a aao 3 selling race. SALVO ... 1 Stafford .» jj The Ghost. 3 coburg btakb8, THE AGENT .. 1 St. John .« « Don Giovan -- -.3 hurdle race. OCEAN - o Caloola . - - - " o Lady Gabbinqton . . 3 kensington stakes. MISTLETOE -- J Sunshade » " Eckersley .. -- 3 melbourne out comes next on the programme, and among the thirty-right horses left in, I like nothing eo well as the top- weight, and I shall place MALUA « ... 1 Britisher . ... 2 Trident .. ... 3 And name Meteor, Bohemian, and Boolka as the outsiders moet likely to upset this filculation. As the weights for the Nor scry Handicap and Yan Yean Stakes will not be declared until Monday, it is, of eouree, impossible to tell how they may terminate. I will give my predictions for the other two days' racing in the next week's issue of The Weeh Tf 