Y0S0D3AEA. It was an ideal spot for a lounge and a smoke, and the ruined Abbey, ivy- veiled, moss-covered, was an ideal sub ject for a sketch. Oalv the first of these ideals had been acted on, for though an easel was set up at a good point, the canvas on it was blank except for a little scribble of a head in one corner. There were some artists' tools lying on' the ground, and among them a note- book whose white pages the weak wind was gently flattering. A great hawthorn tree grew dose against the wall of what bad been the refectory, and the grass under it was thick and cool and green, stray gleams of snnshine filtered through the screen of leaves and boughs, and fell , in shifting patches of softened light on the two young men who lay there, idly blowing clouds of blue-grey smoke into the clear August air. Has it ever struck you,' said the younger of the two, breaking a long restful silence, e that you and I are not unlike two celebrated heroes of modern fiction 4' ' Well, I always thought myself rather like Guy Livingstone but I don't know who on earth your like — unless it's Bnn- thorne,' with a glance at his friend's velvet coat. ' My dear Rivers, we are the living counterparts of the twins in the " Golden Butterfly." ' Ho, no, Kerr,' cried Rivers, ' we're not quite fifty ! And we do get through some work, and we don't both fancy our selves in love with the same woman.' Ahem ! said Kerr, and they both laughed. ' Seriously enough,' he went on, ' the resemblance, in one point at least, is simply startling. We came here three WAetn am - nnn kaH:- \- j juu uu ucgiu jruui picture for next year's Academy, and I to finish the play which is to make me famous. What have we done so far % Yon have made about forty odd sketches of one charming little head, and I have written about the same number of sonnets and rondels and quatrains under the same inspiration/ _ 'By jove? Fm afraid you're about right.' And in view of the seriousness of the situation, Mi. J ohn Rivers raised himself on his elbow to deliver himBelf of his sentiments. Look here, Kerr ; it's too near luncheon time to begin anything now, bat I shall commence a sketch of this tree and wall this very afternoon, and I should advise you. to get through with your next scene.' 'I admire your virtuous resolution immensely,' returned Kerr. ' I am sorry I can't join you in carrying ont the same, for onr goddess promised me that she would take us over the shut-up part of the Abbey this afternoon. Fve no doubt she'll be delighted to excuse you on the plea of this access of industry, but I shall go with her, lest she should feel neglected. ' Oh, well, one afternoon won't make any difference, and I am anxious to see these mysterious apartments. One must sacrifice even work to the acquirement of knowledge.' 'That's all very well, but if this sort of thing goes on, you'll go back to town an engaged man.' ' To have my beer poisoned by you — no, thanks !' and John Rivers gathered up his paraphernalia, and the two strolled lnnchwards, down the green slope of turf on which the ruin stood. At the foot of the incline was their nrspnt: nnmp a email hnnu nrViSoli seemed to have once been a lodge or something of that kind, bat had been added to and enlarged to suit the requirements of various tenants, till it bad grown Into a fairly comfortable little dwelling. There was a good deal of ivy and Virginia creeper about it ; and one ride was covered with thick jasmine greeD, set with faint stars, which made the air heavy with their strong sweet scent. There were roses too, round the windows, and big fuchsia trees on each side of the door. The little garden was a mass of gorgeous colours, ablaze with dahlias and hollyhocks and carnations, and behind the house rose a wooded hill- ride which made a dark background to the vivid brilliancy of the flowers. Bat the prettiest thing about the place was the picture framed by the porch. A woman, a young woman, brown haired and dark eyed, with an exquisite complexion, a red month that was simply perfect, and a nose and chin that had . abont them an indescribable suggestion of self-reliance and indepen dence. The two young men raised their hats as they came in right of her, for this was Mrs. Eider, the boose's mistress — the lovely widow — the fair virion that bad inspired pen ana pencu tor tnree whole weeks. When artist and playwright, favoured by fate and a gaide-book, had first lighted on this spot, they had thanked fortune very earnestly for her favours, for Mrs. Elder was not a bit like the ordinary letter of lodgings, or the re gulation widow either. She had a frank, sparkling way with her, and in speech and manner was quite the equal of her lodgers. Of course they were at once on fire with cariosity to find out her history. They learned it with ease from one Miss Dixon, an aunt, who was a fixture on her premises. Tffrn. Elder's maiden name had been Ellington. Her uncle had been for years .the attached and faithful attendant — half attendant, half companion — of Mr. Dalglriah, late owner of the Abbey. This owner — after half life-time of Eastern sojourn — had suddenly returned to Langdale, caused bouib half-dozen rooms fo the Abbey to be repaired, and, taking op his abode than, had lived an in- tensely solitary life, shared only by his attendant, Dixon. After awhile, Dixon's widowed sister died, leaving to bis care her child. He was much embarrassed by this strange charge, and consulted his master, who, when he had seen the little girl — then afaoat four years old — was so pleased with her that he promptly undertook to be responsible for her keep and educa tion. So Mies Dixon — who, for many years had kept a school in Broadcbester, was now growing older, and tired of her work — was sent for to take care of little Margaret, who grew np a strange mix- tore of unnsnal knowledge and unusual ignorance. Mr. Dalgleish taught her himself : would not allow Miss Dixon to do so : and the village looked on with dismay. For he was rnmonred to be a Buddhist, and the prevalent idea of a Buddhist in those parts was of a man who burned people in wicker cages whenever he got the chance, who stained himself blue, and said his prayers to the mistletoe. Ho one could tell if he were blue or not, for no one ever saw him but Dixon and his sister and his child — and they hardly saw anyone else — bnt it was certain that he did not go to chnrch. Mr. Dalgleish had outlived all his near relations, and everyone thought he would leave a provision for Yosodbara, as he called the little Margaret — and as everyone else grew to call her. Bnt when one day he was found dead in his bed, it turned out that there was no will, and no money, nothing bat the old Abbey, which passed into the hands of a distant relative. Yo3odhara — who was now seventeen — and her aunt and ancle were left- without any resource. The girl might get employment, MUU uci uuut: nuu duun were too old to take a place again, and they were beginning to think bitterly of old age and poverty, as a not distant possibility, when, to their im mense surprise, Yoaodhara sadden y en gaged herself to John Elder, a email farmer who lived in the lodge, and had long admired the girl. She had never before, howerer, given him the slightest encouragement, and Miss Dixon firmly believed that the marriage had been con tracted by Yoaodhara simply for the sake of her annt and ancle, whom John Elder gladly agreed to accept as mem bers of the family. He was very mnch in love, and would have agreed to any thing. He kept his agreement till the day of his death, which was not very long after that of his wedding. Yosod- hara's brief marriage only lasted three months, and then John Elder fell from his horse, and his wife became his widow. He left her his savings, which, eked out by the letting of lodgings in the sum mer, enabled her to live comfortably. Old Dixon bad died some three years ago. Yosodhara bad been a widow six years. There bad been many suitors, bnt none had been successful. The owner of the Abbey had reduced their rent, and in return they took charge of the ruin. What conld be more romantic f Kerr and Rivers had certainly some excuse. It isn't every day yon meet a young woman with a lovely face, a history, and 1 such a name as Yosodhara. Can you wonder that they both dreamed and thought and wrote of very littie else but of her. Heither wished to be thought in earnest. And so neither bad the courage to object to the other's chafij loaf it, rTiotiM Tip snnnnfiM? ftaf Tia flinnnlif the matter serious. Both frit that a crisis was approaching— each imagined that he wonld be the hero of it — while he affected to believe that the other was the only one really interested. She could hardly have been unconscious of their devotion, but she appeared quite unconcerned by it. Possibly the same thing generally happened with her sum mer lodgers. She had the sufficiently rare qnality of attraction without co quetry, and such small favours as she did bestow were bestowed with absolute im partiality. Things had now reached a stage when the pleasure each felt in being with her was apt to be marred by a sense of irri tation and jealousy at the other's being there too. So it was as much a relief as a disappointment when she came to their room door after lunch and said, with a smile that set two hearts beating fifty per cent foster : ' I am so sony I can't go with you to day. I have a friend coming to see me, and. I must not be out. Bat here are the keys. I hope you will enjoy your selves. There's nothing sacred. Yon we free to go where yon wilL Only please lock the doors again, because I don't let people go in unless Fm sure tney win respect tne old place. loo a better not smoke in there — ifs as dry aB tinder.' She accepted their regrets very gra ciously, walked with them to the garden gate, and stood there, when they had gone, shading her eyes with her hand and looking after them. At the bend of the path "which would lead them out of sight they turned to take another look at the graceful white figure. She waved her hand to them,, and moved towards the house, with a faintly amused smile on her bit bee. Langdale Abbey . was not at all a ' show ' place. Nearly the whale of it had fallen into decay ; but it was less a ruin now than it had been forty years ago, for the late owner had had all that could he repaired made habitable. What remained' of the chapeL the refectory, j tnd the greater part of the building was too shaky,, and too mnch eaten away by ivy, to be available ; but five or six rooms in the front of the building had been plastered and papered and made fit to live in. All outward signs of this restoration were hidden by moss and lichen ; and ivy had crept over nearly all the masons' work. This habitable por tion was divided by the archway of the main entrance ; Mr. Dalgleish's rooms having been on one side and the Dixon's on the other. ' Let's first look at the nursery of the fair Yosodhara, said Kerr as they left the blazing sunlight without, and entered the cool black shadow of the arched entrance. The large keys were tried one by one, till the dark heavy oak swung slowly outwards and the two vouog men passed through the narrow doorway. Tbe nursery of the fair Yosodhara was, perhaps, interesting from a sentimental point of view : at least to the eyes that now scrutinised it - but whatever charm it possessed was certainly not due to its ancient or picturesque aspect, for painters and plasterers, carpenters and joiners, had done their best to modernise it in the most commonplace style of tbe pre sent era. A very cursory glance satis- lied Rivera' eyes, and even Kerr couldn't get much poetry out of the bare boards, whitewashed ceilines and grained paint. But with the rooms on tbe other ride it was different. Here the modern patch work had been made under tbe restraint of an artist's surveillance. Mr. Dalg leish had exercised this so successfully that it seemed that cot only most of the place, bat all, had arisen in the Ages of Faith. Two cf the rooms were comparatively small, and their interest was soon ex hausted ; but the third was a long high chamber, with cirved oak panels, and a ceiling of vaulted stone. The windows were small and through their stained glass the sun shot long, maoy-coloured arrows, mar spent rnemseives in uttie pools of red and blue and yellow, on the stone floor. This room had not been altogether dismantled. There was an Indian cabinet, there were strangely made images, and some oak furniture black with age. A cross was carved in the oak at one end of the room, and from" the gloom over the door at tbe other end flashed the yellow eyes and gleaming teeth of a Bengal tiger's head. In the whole place was a bewildering blending of the mediaaval and the Oriental. ' What colouring,' said Rivera, when they had stood silent for a moment ' What an effect T ' Hot bad,' assented Kerr, trying the drawers of the cabinet one by one, and shutting each up again with its empti ness and its dusty corners and its untold story. ' I say, isn't it Baid that the late lamented was a Brahmin or something V 'He was a Buddhist, anyway, and gentleman of that persuasion have an awkward knack of turning up again years after they are supposed to be put com fortably away,' said Rivers. ' Are yon quite sure his astral shell isu't looking over your shoulder now 4' he added, so suddenly as to make Kerr look round with a start, ending in a laugh. ' At any rate, I mean to look round the place. I might find a receipt for the elixir of life or something of that kind.' ' Look away,' said Rivers ; ' I'm going to make a pencil sketch of this interior. I shall bring my colours to-morrow, and make a beginning on my picture.' With which he established himself in a great arm-chair against the wall, and began to work, while Kerr wandered idly about the rooms, curiously examining everything. Tha arfief Tifltmn a olrafnTl nf tiTia rnnm. bnt presently more carves than angles began to show themselves on the paper, and before long there was a pretty accu rate drawing — not of the Indo- mediaeval interior, bnt of Yosodhara, as she had looked standing at the gate to wave her good-bye. He was stroking his light beard, and contemplating his work with some com placency, when a sharp rap, apparently just above his head, broueht aim to his feet with a bound, and scattered his papers round him. ' Is that you, Kerr V he shouted. ' Is what me V was the reply. ' Is that you kicking up that row ? You'd better look out This oak must be very thin, or I shouldn't hear so plainly.' As 'he spoke, Kerr came in at the door. ' The oak may be thin,' he said, laugh ing, ' and so iB the wall : only about three or four feet' 'You most have heaved a brick at tbe wall, then, to have made a row tike that' ' I only went for a spider with -my cane,' the other said, taking up the sketch and looking at it with an expression winch made his friend feel not disinclined to neave a ones. as Ibuit. 'Leave thatalone,' hesaid, impatiently. ' Herein is mystery. This door is close to tile dividing wall Let's see how far . off tile other room, door is.' ' My dear fellow, that's exactly how I knew walls- were so thick.' ' Then the wall mast be hollow, and the deceased Buddhist gentleman is -probably inside. This becomes thrilling. Let as investigate.' ' Hot L It's a great deal too thrilling. Let's go home.' ' Ho, no,' said Rivera, I believe we are going to find something ont. ' Yea, the skeleton of a rat, or some- thingeqoativ valuable and cheerfuL Bat seriously, this wall is not hollow,' and he gave it a smart "blow with his stick. It certainly sounded particularly solid. 'Bnt behind the chair,' said Rivers, who was getting a little excited — and he rapped on the place with his knuckles. 'An hollow as a drum,' he said triumphantly; ' That may be a flaw in the wall,' re- turned Kerr j ' I'll go round and see if it is the same the other side.' Presently — rap, rap. ' Yes, I can hear you distinctly. Try farther down.' Rap, rap. Almost inaudible. 'Try farther up.' Rap, Rap. Much fainter. 'It does go through,' cried Rivers. ' Come back. What shall we do ¥ ' I dare say we're the only people in the country who don't know of this hollow wall. Let's go and question the lovely widow." ' Hot if I know it,' laughed Rivers. ' Within this wall are doubtless diamonds from Golconda, or precious stones from Indian idols' eyes.' ' Within this wall yoall probably find the astral shell of an old person with a long beard and a turban, who will jump on you said Kerr. ' It "was doubtless he who Tapped in the first instance. Perhaps I only invented that spider to soothe your nerves.' ' Well, if he rapped, I expect he'd like to come our,' said Rivera ' so here goes to the rescue.' And he swung the big chair away, and began poking and prying with the big blade of his pocket knife among the delicate Gothic tracery of tbe carved panel . ' Don't be a fool, Rivera,' said Kerr, after a bit. That is not the way to dis cover secrets. If it's really anything more than accidental hollow, there'll be a way of opening it without damaging your neighbour's property. I have always understood that secret springs were inevitable in these cases.' ' Perhaps it opens from tbe other side. ' Perhaps it doesn't :the other side is a plain panel, which extends beyond the hollow on both sides; This is the right side, if any is. Let s press everything that looks as if it might have a spring in it.' Which they did with no results. ' Oh, hang it all,' cried the artist ' I shall go home and borrow the family hatchet,' and he caught hold of a pro jecting bit of oak and tried to shake tbe panel . The words were hardly out of his month before he felt a yielding beneath his hand, slight indeed, bnt very differ ent from the solid resistance the wood had hitherto offered. The small pro jection in his hand was letting itself be drawn down, like a bolt, and presently the side of the panel against which he leaned turned slowly inwards as the other aide came ont ; the whole thing turning on a central pivot. ' You've done it this time,' cried Kerr. Look ont for ghosts 1' They both drew back a pace or two as the panel, having reached a position at right angles with the rest of the wall, came to a stop with a click. The light from the the window fell full on tbe opening and was quite enough to show all that there was to see, which was not mnch. There had apparently once been a doorway here, which bad been boarded np, and then used as a place of concealment, and later ana cop- board. There was one shel£ and on it something. In two minutes the friends had this something out on the stone window-ledge and were examining it. It was a square ebony box of exquisite workmanship, in laid with ivory, turtle-shell, and gold, and it was very heavy. The lid was loose, and came off without difficulty. On the upper tray lay a few Oriental gems, cnams, and rings, and besides them a folded paper, doly endorsed as the Will of Robert Dalgleish, Esquire, of Langdale Abby, in the county of Devon shire. Kerr lifted the tray. Under it, arranged in the neatest way, were piles of gold mohurs and a few English sove reigns : abont £2000, they guessed. ' And now, whose is all this 1' cried Rivers. ' That distant relatioos's, no donbt. Let's see ' But in the will was mentioned no distant relation. Ho one at all, in fact, except Margaret Ellington, to whom was bequeathed all the real and personal pro perty of the testator. 'Then it- is all Yosoihara's,' said Rivers. ' Old Ramchutnee wasn't such a bad fellow after all.' ' What a fine chance for the man who breaks this news to her ! She'd love him for ever.' ' Would you like to do it ¥ ' I should,' briefly replied Kerr. 'Then Fm hanged if yon shall ! We'll both tell her.' ' In alternate gasps ¥ laughed Kerr. Ah, young, beautiful, bewitching — and with some thousands in gold mo hurs,' said Rivers dreamily, holding up a ruby ring to the light C A v\i9 a finn a cnAPnf s»tiavnTiAr where one conld hide one's rejected pictures.' 'Or plays that had been withdrawn.' And then they were silent for a mo ment and the thought was in each mind : ' Why didn't I propose to her, before we fonnd this fearful money ¥ ' Well,' Kerr said, presently, ' I sup pose we had better form ourselves into a procession of two and carry the treasure to its mistress1 A' rustle outride : the door slowly opened. ' Hallo !' cried Rivera, with a slightly nervous laugh. ' Here comes Geegeeb- hoy to take his own again.' But it wasn't At least the former owner of that treasure had never been seen to walk during his lifetime in trail ing white skirts and with roses in hair and dress. ' Fve brought my friend here to in- . trodnce to you,' began the apparition, when Rivers .interrupted. ' Oh, Mrs. Elder,' he exclaimed,' Fm so glad you've come, hot we must speak to you alone for one minute:' The widow looked slightly' surprised, \- but turned and said something through tile door, and, dosing it, came forward. Well,' she said, ' whet is it yon want to say ¥ But when it came to the point, neither of them said anything — in alternate gasps or otherwise. Kerr thrust the will into her hands without a word, and (be two stood watching her while she read it, and eaw her brown eyes fill with tears. She folded it up, just glancing at the gold and the movable "panel Then came explanations from the two young men, to which she listened silently. At last she said, looking down at the Indian box ; 'Thank you both so mnch. Yon have done me a great kindness. Yet I can't help wishiog this had come more then than it does now. But,' she added, with one of her brilliant sadden smiles, ' it is opportune ; I can take it as a wedding present from the dead.' Tbey looked at each other. What could she mean ? ' 1 didn't tell yon,' she went on. ' The friend I want to introduce to you is Mr. James Vernon — you ought to know each other — he is an artist.' She paused a minute and then added, slowly.: 'He was down here sketching last year — and we're going to be married at Christmas.' The introduction took place, and the young men survived." When the treasure - bearing procession did come offi it was Mr. James Vernon who carried the box. ' What a wretch that fellow Vernon is,' Rivets said, when he and hie friend were alone. 'isnthel Hut I never allowed my self to feel any special interest in Mw Elder.' ' Heither did I >' Next day two dejected young men re turned to town. The following Christ mas each received an Oriental ring, accompanied by the wedding m«i1« of Mr. and Mrs. James Vernon. John Hunter Rivers did get a picture hcuig next year. Die subject was not a ruined Abbey. It was a study of a woman's figure at a gate. Charlie Kerr has not yet finiahod his play, bat he told me this story. 