THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. B* F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 11 Grandmother's Money," "Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," " The Black Speck," " Lazarua in London," &o.; {Published by' pedal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK III.—IN THE GREAT CITY. : Chapter XIII.—A Fuel Between Two , Women. • ThiB was an enquiry for which Mrs, Craven was 'wholly unprepared. No coup de theatre from the innumerable coups of the new piece at the Thespian—strengthened as each might have bt en by a tableau ofjpowerand picturesque cess—could have had a hundredth part of the effect upon Mrs. Craven as Mary Smith's energetic question. •; _ She gave a little cry, and sat back stupefied for a moment at the turn which events had un -expectedly taken; she >t r,d at Mary Smith as at a ghost- that nr'ght have been suddenly standing in her place; the steady light in the ej es before ht r had a mesmeric force in them, and overpowered her; she felt herself cower ing in her chair and trembling; she was for a while altogether dismayed. She did not know what was coming next. She could not guess and she could not ask yet awhile, for speech had left her in her new dismay. Mary Smith noted the effect she.had created, and went on— " You must tell me by what means you be came possessed of that heart-shaped ring ?" she eaid; "it is not your property. And," she added, very firmly, "you must tell me the truth. It will be wiser and safer for you not ■to attempt to deceive me " " Why should I deceive' you?" muttered Mrs. Craven - at last, with looks askance; " what do you suspect—what makes you think the ring is not my own ?" " Youare prevaricating already!" exclaimed Alary Smith indignantly; "and I will not have it!" "You do not say what charge you make against me," Eaid Mrs. Craven; "do you think I have filched it from a jeweller's shop, or what ?" ' " It is not your ring.' . "It is." i " You have not come by it honestly." " I have," was the short, deep answer; " how —how dare you say I have not! Do you come into my own house and tell me to my face I am a thief?" " Tell me where you got the ring from," per sisted Mary Smith; "if it is yours honestly, •there can. be no wrong, no reason for keeping back the truth of how you became possessed of it?" . Mrs.. Craven moved uneasily m her chair. She had recovered from her amazement in a great degree, and was aDxious for time. She eeemed even ranpacking her brain for a reason to put forward for having the ring upon her finger, and her inventive faculties aid not help her very much. It was upon the surface already that she would not tell the truth if she could help it, that it was not safe for her, or for others, to let Mary Smith know it. All this could be read in the vacillating play of features, in the droop of the lids, and the quick frutive glances beneath them, in the pain ful silence which followed Mary Smith's last assertion. " It was like my luck to bring you here," she said gloomily; "it was like my stupid, fool'sb, idiotic way. Nothing I do, nothing I say is ever right, or does not turn upon me like a Eerptnt. The last time I saw you! before I can away, I was unhappy—unsettled, half mad—and you wanted to know the reason, and begged me to trust yon, and went on very much as you have .been going on to- night. And that ought to have warned me you were not the girl who could be of any use to me, or do me any good, only I thought," she added, " that you would be, and I wanted you to be glad that I had not gone altogether to the dogs, and that I w trying hard to live respect ably, to be worthy of my girl when Bhe and I were together somewhere out of everybody's way. You will let me see her, won't you? You will help me ?" : "Who gave yon that ring?" askedjMary Smith persistently; "I am not talking of jour child now—nor thinking of her." : The woman looked afraid again. " Well, I can't tell you—and won't tell you —and that's the plain truth!" she.said de fiantly at .last; "and I'm not to be bullied in my own house, and by a chit like you. Theie!" -This was a declaration of war at last, and Florence Craven felt all the better and stronger at present for having made it. "If you won't believe it's my own ring, bought and paid for, why," with a shrug of ier shouldeis, "you must do the other thing. •I don't understand why you should make all this] fuss - about something that does not beiorg to you. It was never yours, I .supfose?' " How lone have you had it?" " Oh, years and years," was the careless answer. ' "I will tell you what I am going to do now,"said Mary Smith, very firmly; "and if I go away with only this poor explanation from you. I am going to the police, who are already in possession of the facta that a poor girl is missing from her home—that she has mysteriously disappeared—and that when she was last seen she wore upon the fourth finger -of her left hand a costly diamond ring—shaped like a heart and with a ruby centre—the gift of her father, which you, a poor woman, are wearing now to-night." "You are goiDg to the police?" she muttered, as the color changed again, and the look of dogged resistance nickered out of her eyes. • "Yes." "Not believing that there are more rings than one of this shape—that it is a ridiculous story to tell to anybody—that nobody would be inclined to believe you ?" she said, slowly. " If you can explain, all the better for you," answered Mary Smith. " But if I go away, it is to the police that you must say how you became possessed of the ring—and the father will swear it is the one he gave his daughter." "How do you know ?" " He has seen you with the ring already." "What are you telling me now?" she said scoffingly. " On your hand in the next box to his, he saw and recognised that ring. He and I were in search of von when you were in the lobby," said Mary Smith; "it was'notachaneemeeting, yonrs and mine. I was hunting for you." "What!" "We came to the theatre to search for evi dence, not to see Foster Deane," confessed Mary. "And we found you -and I have come here for the truth of it all." " So cunning as all that!—what a detective you would have made," Mrs. Craven said, very bitterly now; " and I took you for a friend of mine." "I will be afriendto you," repliedMary ; "I will screen yon by all the means in my power if you will tell me where Verity Lovett is." "Verity Lovett, is that the name?" " Yes; you know it is." " I have never heard the name before in all my life," sbeansweredquickly; "as I hope to live, I haven't. Verity Lovett. you say?" "Yes, Verity Lovett." " I wish I may die if I have ever heard the name," she protested, once more. "Is it Verity Deane?" ; "Oh ! no—don't run your head against that idea, or you will make another mistake pretty "quickly. Ycu are all mistakes; yon are not the clear-sighted party I used to know once. What's come to you ?" asked Mrs. Craven. It was evident that Flore nee Craven, although quickly discomfited, was as quickly able to re cover her self-possession, and assume a defiant attitude. The woman was as full of lights and "shades as a chameleon, and took her tone from ■surrounding circumstances. She was every thing by turns and nothing long. She had been the disconsolate mother, the erring wife, the aggrieved one; she had told all her troubles, and bad been revengeful, repentant, confident, and morbid, within the last half-hour; and now she was the sullen, dogged female who had been as it were "cornered," and wa3 on guard or at bay. From her point of view she had been treated badly, and from that hour forth she was not likely to love Miry Smith, who was a snake in the grass, an enemy—just like any other woman whom she had ever known. All alike! All against her, let her try never so ha< d to get back to the higher life; let her do her very best in every way, and help other people at every turn a3 she had done, and this was the end of it. This' was her luck—or her fate. It was more satisfactory to call it her fate, and what that might have in store for her cow, and despite all her powers of resistance, she did not know, she could not possibly guess She must figl.t it out as best she might, and for the sake of others a3 well a3 for herself of that she was pretty well assured. The necef sary step now was to get Mary Smith off the premises as rapidly as possible, and then try and think the matter out for herself; and failing that, to take the counsel of friends in the dilemma which she had created by bringing Mary Smith into the house. Who would have dreamed that this was the last person in the ;worid fhe should have invited on to the pre . crises ? What a fool she had been ! All this was passing through her mind as 3he sat there watching Mary Smith attentively, and woe deting what in the world the girl was think ing of now, to look bo white and firm—what she was plotting against the peiceof one whom she should have taken to her heart again and bten a o< ar, true frit nd to. "Yen will not let me help yon, theD," Mary Smith raid"suddenly, "or stand between you and ai.v I rouble that may arise from this' Ycu v.iri net explain where you got that ring or vhat has become oE her whom I have seen wearing it so often." "This riig was a present to me many years ago." " W ho gave it yon ?" " Oh! the husband you got me to talk of and rave about, when all the while yon were Scheming against me and not listening a bit," she replied. ' * Ambrose Chinery gave it to me, if you must know. There! will that satisfy your curiosity ?" " No,"answered Mary Smith. "'Very well. That is not my fault, is it?" "You are telling me an untruth; but then, you are naturally untruthful, poor Floy," said Mary Smith quietly. She moved towards the door, and Mr3. Craven said— "What are you going to do next? What story are you going to make out of this?" "I must leave the rest to Mr. Lovett." ■ " Oh, that's it!" "Yes." " And you are going to him at once, I sup pose V' "Yes; at once." " To tell him everything ?" " Yes—everything." "And you "have nothing really to tell him. You expose me to much mortification and annoyance, that's all. It is very hard upon me that you will not take my word," she said, with a quavering in her voice again. "It is hard upon me that you will not trust me!" "Oh, if I could !" Then the instant after wards Bhe added, "And if I had anything to trust you with—which I haven't." Mary Smith stood with her hand upon the handle of the door. She was going away. To remain there was. useless — possibly even dangerous. She would make one last appeal before she went away for good. "You are responsible for much," she said; " and you must not say at any future time that I did not warn you. You speak to me, you rave to me of your love for your child!" she cried indignantly; "and here is a daughter spiiited away from home—an only daughter lost; and you—knowing where she is, perhaps —will not move a step to help us find her. And you would take care of little Dids, and bring her up by degrees to be as base as your self if you had the power—which you have not—for you shall never see this child again, if I can help it; and I believe I can." Once more the variable and irrepressible Mrs. Craven gave way. She uttered a shriek and beat her bands together over her head in a wild, stagey way that was not pleasant to witness, " Oh, good Heaven! listen to this cruel woman 1" she exclaimed ; "she will drive me mad; and I am so helpless! I cannot stir a step or say a word to pacify her. What shall I do—what shall I do ?" The handle of the door was turned from .without, and Mary Smith moved aside, and with gome extra beating of the heart, as she became aware that the door was being slowly opened inwards. Who was coming now— friend or enemy ? Surely an enemy, in that mysterious home. It was Jane Rebchain who came softly in, closed the door after her, and stood with her back against it, as forbidding egress without her permission first obtained. (To be continued.) 