STOETXIIQ TOPICS. By the "Sfortsmax" Staff. / Mr. S. Miller's new jackets, though not " things of beauty," are very distin guishable, which is a good deal more than can be said of a great many of the colours the body of the jacket is scarlet and the upper half white, the cap also being white. The popular owner was in bad luck on Saturday. Boolka did not get placed in the Cup, while The Irishman in the Steeplechase aod William Tell in the Windsor Handicap euch obtained the barren honour of a second place. Owing to the very heavy rain which fell in Sydney on Saturday last the R«ae- liill races had to be postponed. The meeting will eventuate on Saturday next should the fntes prove propitious. On Monday morning Blairgowrie, who was absent from the workshop during the previous four or five occasions, made bis reappearance and cantered slowly on the sand track. The Hamilton Racing Club announce that a liberal programme is to be issued for their Summer Meeting on the 16th December. Tue second payment of two sovereigns in connection with the Williamstown Handicap, to be run on the 9th November, must be paid by four o'clock to-morrow (Thursday) at the Victorian Trotting Club's office, Bourke street west. On Moniay next the gates, booths, outer carriage paddock, and fruit site on the hill for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, will be sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar. Tenders have been called for the con struction of a railway line from Sydney to the Rosehill Racecourse. What with this latest promised improvement and the sensational " Eclipse Stakes," the Rosehill Racing Club is making giant strides. Mr. R. Sutton, the English metai- lician, who recently returned from Eng land, was seized suddenly with a fit of shivering in tbe paddock at Caulfield on Saturday, and, on returning to his hotel and calling in a medical msn, it was dis covered that he hsd a severe attack of ague. He is now recovering, and hopes to be ell right before the Moonee Valley Meeting. Tee programme of the Wvndham Races, at Werribee, on the 5th November, ap pears in our advertising columns. Tne meeting is to be held on the Friday be tween the Oaks and Steeplechase Day. The events to be decided are -.—Trial Stakes, Hurdle Race, Spring Handioap of 100 eove. (one mile), Selling Race, and Grand- stand Handioap. Nominations close on the 1st November, Tbe Bulla racecourse, according to an advertisement in another column, ie for private sate. The property, which ie only 16 miles from Melbourne, consists of 66 aoree of land, enclosed ana subdivided. Proceedings have been taken in the law courts in connection with a handioap ron at the last Tam worth Races. A horse named Comus won the event, but after tbe race it was found that the course run was e great deal short of the supposed distance. Under the circumstances the club decided upon returning each owner his entry fee, hot the trainer of Comus, not being satisfied with this arrangement, has taken out a summons against the club for the amount of the stake offered. Tbe summons is to come on for hearing this week. ' It was a noticeable fact at Eleternwick on Wednes lay last that every rsue wee won easily, aod in two instances only did the favourites get home first. Entries for the handicaps to be run et the Bendigo Joekey Club Meeting, on tbe 24th aod 25th November, close on Monday next. The added money this year is larger than on auy previous occa sion, and as the nomination fees ue small the different events should fiU up well, A number of improvements have been made on the course since the last meeting. We have received three or four letters from outside bookmakers relative to the question of paying first past the post. As theyare purelyof an adverliaingnature, we have not published them, but will deal fully with the matter next week. According to a cable wire, the Cham pion Stakes at the Newmarket second October meeting have been appropriated by the Duke of Westminster's bay colt, Ormonde, who had previously won the coveted honours of the Derby, and also the St. Leger. Oberon and Argo Navis were "econd and third respectively for the Champion. Tiie Middle Park Plate resulted in a win for Lord Caltliorpe's Florentine, by Petrarch out of Haw- tliorndale. Enterprise, raced by Mr. Douglas Baird, and Maxim occupied second and third places. The Cesare- witch Stakes fell to Stone Clink, with The Cob Becond, and Eurasian third. It ir announced that St. Bernard's Grai d Consultation on the Australian cricket team, now in England, will he drawn on Fridty next. The first prize, a grand St. Bernard, will be won by the ticket that draws the name of the cricketer who made the I igliest total number of runs during the rea'on in England, and so on. Particulars of the consultation have been extensively adver tised. Communications should be ad dressed to " St. Bernard," care of J. T. Taylor, Half-way House, Randwick, Syduev. Sub oribers are invited to at tend the drawing on Friday next. Tee Selling Race served to introduce the Caulfield Cup Day, and when the time for scratching had gone by, it was seen that there were eleven cont-.atants. Honours were divided for favouritism between Honors and Toronto, but before the flag fell (lie latter was undoubtedly the best backed of the pair, scarcely anything else being supported. Almost directly the flag fell Honors took the lead, which she kept until halfway up the straight, when G»rry brought out Mr. Oxenham'b horse, and after the semblance of a race, Toronto won comfortably by a couple of length -. Tichborne was third. When Scaramoucbe won last year there were nine runners, but it took four seconds more to do the journey. A weight-for-aoe race over one mile and a furlong wae inserted io the V.A.T.C. programme, entitled the Caulfield Stakes, instead of the Second Hurdle Race, and it was run for the first time on Satur day last. Nine horses saddled up to do battle for the 200 eovt., and aB Malua was one of the number and looked very well, it was only natural that the eon of St. Albans should have been selected by tbe public as a real good tiling, and as soon as his friends put down their pieces in his favour, even money and then odds on were freely planked on hie behalf. Of the others, Isonomy and Grace Darling were the most in demand, although not a few hacked Sheet Anchor. A good start was effected, and when the let had got properly into their stride, Malua made play, but aa they ran down by the railway aide Highland Chief was in front, closely attended by the favourite. Racing into the straight Malua took command, and as Mr. Inglia was silting still on him, it looked any odds on the last Australian Cup winner. At the bottom of the saddling paddock, however, Isonomy shot out, and catching Malua half way home, a rattling finish ensued. The Adelaide bred horse lasting the longest, won a good race by nearly half a length. The Nun, who came very fast, was an excellent third, with Sheet Anchor next, and Opal, outpaced from the jump, last. Mr. C. l. M 'Donald was unlucky enough to be the runner-up in the V.A.T.C. Nureery Handicap with Trojan when Damocles proved the winner, and on Saturday last that fine filly liortense, who is trained by the same gentleman, could get no nearer to the winner, Lady Lovell. Eighteen two-year-olds faced Mr. G. Watson, and the favourite, Hortense, who caine wonderfully fast at the finish, could never get on terms with her ladyship, who shot out at the turn and won, after a punishing finish, by a neck. Bedouin, who was well backed, was a moderate third. Had the race been another half furlong, the eialer of First Consul would undoubtedly have proved the better of the two. As in the preceding race the field for the Caulfield Cup totalled eighteen, and Silvermine held the pride of place in tbe betting until the fall of the flag. Boelka was a strong second favourite, closely pressed by Britisher. In fact, for a quarter of an hour prior to the start the Ballarat geldiog was most eagerly sought after by backers, who seemed determined to have a bit on the son of John Bull, ' ' just for a saver." Recall and Beu Bolt were equal favourites ut eights, and the odds on offer on the next beat, who was thought to be St. John, were 15 tol, whilst almost any price was forthcoming about the remainder. Owing to the fmctionanesi of Milletream aod The Levite, tbe start was delayed for some time ; bnt even tually Mr. Watson sent the eighteen runners away to a fairly good atari. When properly on their legs and settled down into their places, the lot came rush ing past the stand. The Levite, Boolka, St. John, and Zeno together heading the field, Islander and Mills tream bringing up the rear. Aa they ran ronnd past the stewards' stand loud shrieks and yelle intimated that an accident had happened, ud sure enough there was, but happily not with the sad results of tbat of last year. Anwin, the rider of Jim Cain, came off through the son .of Hamlet try ing to make for the gate where he came out of the saddling paddock, and his jockey, in his endeavours to straighten his monnt, no donbt caused Jim hin to cross his legs, end hence the accident. Strange toeay, although nearly the centre of the field at the time he came down, Anwin escaped injury. That some of the horses were interfered with goes without Baying, the only two who were not affected thereby being Boolka and Bonnie Doon, who were first and second at tbe time. Thus they ran round and along the back, Mentmore, Britisher, ReosU, The Levite, and Lesbia next, with Silvermine and Ben Bolt in the main body. Coming towards the sod wall Bonnie Doon, who hsd just previously deposed Boolka, wae in turn deprived of her advantage by Britisher, St. John, The Levite, and Boolka next, with Silvermine, who had got through, and Recall close behind, Ben Bolt etill a long way fr»»m the front. Rounding into the home stretch the green and white stripes on Britisher looked very promi nent, as did St. John's cardinal jacket and blue cap whilst Bonnie Doon, Boolka, and The Levite were retiring from the final struggle. On earns Britisher, bnt at the end of the saddling paddock the favourite came out, and catching the eon of John Bull, quickly silenced him, aud then Alec Robertson no doubt thought to biineelf that it wae all over. Not so, however, for there was yet one of the seventeen behind him that was not to be silenced without a struggle, and that one wae Ben Bolt. O'Brien was hard at tbe Queensiander all the way round the bend, and rpeedily giving the beaten division the go-bye, O'Brien made up Iiib leeway, and making for tbe stand side of the course, where the going was firmer, be sat down on hie mount for a final effort, and by one of the fioest exhibitions of horsemanship ever seen on Caulfield, or any other raceconree, he landed Ben Bolt the « inner of the Oup of 1880 by a neck, a -itnihir distance separating Britisher from Silvermine, whilsi Recall was only a length uway fourth ; Boolka, St. John, Remus, and The Levite being the next in order. Mentmore, Mtllidream, and Tarpeia being the last three, the latter walking in. WlTB Halei on All Gold, the conclud ing event on Saturday last — the Windsor Handicap — looked a good thing for the son of Infidel, bnt backer are pretty cute IheBe times, and notwithstanding Hales' appearance in the saddle, shrewd punters went for Don Giovan, who is in the same stable. Willium Tell was a strong favourite, although there was not much to choOBe between the two, Toronto and Huron also finding plenty of supporters, whilst Straight Shot was not neglected, and The Ghost found favour amongst a select few. Taken altogether the metal- liciana must have had real good books on the wind up, although the winner was backed for most money. What an uolucky horse Silvermine is to be sure. The son of Napoleon and Silverhair has only started a few times, end has had the misfortune to brush up against a better than himself on the lest five occasions. In the V.A.T.C. Oskleigh Handicap lie had to play third fiddle to William Tell, and he was beaten by ihe Swiss archer in the V.R.C. Newmarket Handicap. Silvermine then migrated to Sydney, where lie ran third to Crossfire in the A.J.C. Doncaater Handicap, the mile on that occasion being run in the fait time of lmin. 41sec., and in the Sydney Cup he fared not much better, for Ceiise and Blue was the first to catch the judge's eye, Foulaham'a horse getting second place. Last, but not least, comes his second to Ben Bolt in the Caulfield Cup, in. which the winner, who iB the eame age, was in receipt of 81b. Lady Lovell, the winner of the Nur eery Handicap at Caulfield, is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate, as are also Hortense and Bedouin, who finished second and third to tlie filly. The trio are bIso entered for the V.R.C. Nurs-ry Handicap, run on Cup Day ; the Flying Stakes, run on the third day; and the Flemington Stakes, run on the last day of the meeting ; while Bedouin and Lady Lovell are engaged in the Kensington Stakes as well. Mick O'Brien, by his victory on Saturday last, has placed his second Caulfield Cup to his credit. Io 1883 that jockey steered Mr. D. S. Wallace's Calrna when he won, and on Saturday he was victorious on Ben Bolt. The time in whicli the race was run in was exactly the same — viz., 2mio. 42sec. As usual, there was the trouble of get ting back to town after the V.A.T.C. raceB on Saturday, and when one hail succeeded in gaining the platform, which fest was not accnmDlished until a great- deal of energy had been wasted, and a lot of anathemas had been hurled at the heads of the various departments, the next trouble was to secure a seat in one of the railway carriages. However, about seven o'clock the last of the passenger trains reached town, but, as the last race started at a quarter to six, the delay was vexa- tiously long. Some day, let us hope, things will be better managed. The entries for tbe Summer Cup to be run st the A.J.C. Boxing Day Meeting show a falling off this year compared with last year, the respective numbers being — 1885, 62 ; 1886, 47. Victorian horses are not represented iu large numbers. Ringmaster, Kitawa, aud Beu Bolt are Ihe principal ones. The sister colony has some good 'uns in the race in Trenton, Lord William, Kingfish, Volcano, The Jewel, Brown and Rose, Lancer, Monte Cbristo, Industry, and Silver King, The Waradgery (N.8. W.) Jockey Club commence their Spring Meeting to-day, and will conclude it to-morrow. The principal races for decision to-day are the Jockey Club Handicap, a mile and a halt, and the Flying Stakes, six furlongs. In the last-named event Morceau, who has run in Melbourne, has the top weight, Oat. On the aecood day of the meeting, the October Cup, lj mile, in which Morceau has also top weight, is the principal attraction. - Owners and trainers must not forget that nominations for the Prince of Wales' Birthday Meeting of the Wiliiamstowu Racing Club, 9tli November, are due on Monday next at the office of the Victoria Trotting Club, Bourke-street west, Mel bourne, up to 4 p.m., or at the Steam- packet Hotel, Williamstown, up to 9 p.m. The events are — Handicap Hurdle Race, of 80 sore., one mile and a half ; Tru- ganina Stakes (handicap), of 75 eove., five furlongs, nomination 1 sov, ; Tele graph Stakes, of 100 sovs., half a mile, winner to be zold for £80, nomination 1 sov. ; Steeplechase, of 80 sovs., two miles ; and Prince of WoW Stakes, of 75 sovs., three-quarters of a mile, nomination 1 sov. _J Like tbe A. J.C. nominations the entries for the two principal events to he run at By dney Tattereal I's Summer Meeting ehow a falling off compared with last year. For tbe Carringten Stakes only 61 have been nominated this year, the figures for 1885 being 86. Again in the Tatteraali'e Olob Cup this year the numbers are 69 as compared with 92 last year. In the TattorsaU'a Cup, Victoria is represented among others by Ringmaster, Ssrdius, Dunlop, and Kitawa. The Oarrington Stakes has some fair quality, including Lord William, Brown and Rose, Zeno, Lancer, Voleano, Kiugfiah, Industry, Burrilda,' Keith, Ben Bolt, and St. John. Lovers of trotting hsd a day of it at Eleternwick Park on Wednesday last, when the programme incladed two trots. The first was for three-year-olds, and come of the youngsters showed splendid action, and proved themselves folly quali fied to take part in some more pretentious events. This was exemplified by the manner in which Effie Deans woo the Severnside Cup.' She, however, received 50 seconds from Sir John, who was the last to start. The quartzopolia represen tative is a chestnut filly by Walter Scott — Altaian to, and her popular win did not occasion much surprise, as although tbe long odds of 10 to 1 could be had about her chances, she carried a lot of the Sandhurst money. Geraldine the winner of the Eletern wick Park Hurdle Race on Wednesday ie by The Pearl, a Melbourne Cup winner. Louis, who won on the Melbourne Hunt Club day, was supposed to held everything in the race safe, Landeeer, Inverell, and Leporello, who were new to metropolitan coursee at the illegitimate game, included. When it came to racing the Caulfield trained mare fairly waltzed in, in advance of Townley and Louie. The latter was eased off when O'Brien found he could uot pace with Geraldine. Our Boy has rarely, if ever, looked better than he did on Wednesday last when saddled up for tbe Eleternwick Park Steeplechase and he was freely backed, but Hsveiock started favourite, Ruby tbe hurdle-racer alau having s strong following. Licette, who has been enjoying her otium cum dignilate was one of the starters, and the old mare looked well but lacked her former brilliancy. Cliaothus, who hails from Mordialloc, is a nice stamp of a mare, and she should be heard of later on. After MarquiB had baulked at the first fence past the stand, nothing noteworthy occurred until the final round was partly completed, when Cliantlms came to grief at the obstacle opposite the stand, and as her rider lay motionless for some little time, a serious accident was feared. The jockey.however.eecaped with a very severe shaking. At the succeeding fence Our Boy and Ruby who were leading by several lengths, came down, the latter falling over the former. James Kilduff, the rider of Our Boy was quickly on his feet and although lie could have secured bis horse sod been quickly on the move again, he magnamiouely went to tbe assistance of his fallen opponent, Williams, who to all appearances was being smothered by Ruby, who fell on top of her rider. With the combined exertions of some of the spectators who were speedily on the spot, the mare was pulled off Williams, who was badly knocked about, but without the accompaniment of broken bonea. Havelock, by this contre temps, was left with the lead, and he had no difficulty in stalling off Brown Eagle, who was quite pumped out. In the second round Misfortune struck the log fence heavily, but was splendidly re covered by Gardiner, who received well merited recognition Irom the spectators for his cleverness. J. Winters the jockey, whose die- qualification for " suepicious '' ridiug at Eleternwick on a steeplechaser named Baby will be remembered, was again in trouble at the last Eleternwick Park Meeting. He wae called before tlie stewards for unnecessarily punish ing Leporello, and he rather riled his questioners by remarking that they growled at h'im for not riding Baby enough and they found fault with him for ridiug Leporello too much. The stewards saw the logic of the remark and simply cautioned Winters. Once more has the Taamanian bred Koliai disappointed hia backers, and they were legion, in the ElBternwick Paik Handicap on Wednesday laBt. St. Albert made plar closely attended by Honey Bee, but aa they ran round towards the torn, the latter who was going well, was interfered with and Kobai took her place aud St. Albert almoat immediately retired. From tile stand the victory of Kohai was loudly proclaimed as it was observed when fairly on the road for home that the son of Manuka was leading. Bifore he had reached the distance post Salvo shot out from the main body and quickly catching Kohai, who shut up directly, came on and won with ridiculous ease from Douglaaton and Sirocco. Eagle Grange waa injured in the race and he waa pulled up very lame. T. Monaghan, who for five years was in the service of Mr. R. Howie, and who holds first-class references from this trainer, is disengaged now, and ie anxious to obtain employment as jockey or head lad. Monaghan rode Suwarrnw, Chloris, and other winners for Mr. Howie, and ia to be heard of care of this office. He rides about 7st. 81b. All apecnlation about the New Zealand crack, Nelson, coming over to take part in the Melbourne Cup lias been Bet at rest by the pen being run through the name of the son of King Cole, who is now first favourite for the New Zealand Cup, run on the 9th November. The Eleternwick Park meeting on the 3rd November requires attention on Mon day next, when tbe entries close. The meeting takes place on the Wednesday, and is sliced in between the Cup and Oaks Days. Tbe events to be decided are— Time Handicap Trot, Hurdle Race, November Handicap, Steeplechase, Sell ing Raoe, and Eleternwick Park Handicap. We have been asked to draw attention to the fact that forfeits for the Maribyr nong Piste, the Victoria Derby, the Oaks Stakes, and the Mares' Produce Stakes in connection with the onsning V.R.C. Spring meeting must be declared and paid before 11 a.m. en tbe day before the race, or nominators will be liable for the fall eweepatakee. The following in reference to the Hawkesbury Guineas winner appears in a New Zealand paper "As I notice that a wrong statement appeared in the Wellington Post anent tbe ownership of Kingfish, I may mention that he is solely owned by Mr. G. Hill, s prominent figure in Sydney sporting circles, and although he ie nominated in Mr. J. Stockton e name (the racing name of the erstwhile Ancldsnder, Mr. Joseph Bonnet), that gentleman has nothingwhatevertodo with the colt except seeing after training, en gagements, Ac. I may farther state that Kmgfieh is trained by J. Monaghan, who it will known in New Zealand, and that Bonnet purchased him privately from Mr. Walters for 250 gna. when a yearling, and subsequently sold him to Mr. Hill for 700 gna. Mr. Bennet waa always an admirer of the colt, and when he bought him predicted that he would turn out a race horse." Mr. R. Tiber's Stone Clink, by Speculum from Stone Chat, who ran third in the Doncaater Cup last month, v«i more fortunate in the Cesarewitch Stakes oo the 12th io&t.; as he curried off the latter event. The Auckland Racing Club have re ceived forty-three entries for their thousand pouode Cup (two and a quarter miles), to ba run at tbe Summer Meeting. Amongst the nominations are many names familiar to Victorian?, including Nelson, Kingfish, Lochiel, Thunderbolt, Disowned, Torreot, Telford, and Moama. 