SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MARCH MEETING. On Saturday there was an excellent days racing at Caulfield The attendance was much larger than is generally the case at the ordinary meetings of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, and amongst the visitors there was an unusually large number of ideas The weather was pi ships too cold is r the thorough enjoyment of the hope it but other wise there was nothing wanting to make the meeting a thorough ence ess The racing commenced with the Maiden Selling Race, for which there were but five starters, Patch-work, who has been tried without success as a steeplechaser being amongst them scheme would bear of nulli mg but jocular, who started at even money) and backing him at the price was a perfectly sale transaction, tor 1 union could not Keep them close enough to his horses to make the rule all) thing like interesting-, and he won in a canter i by several lengths 1 inches in getting second and Geelong third pine for the Hurdle Race, generally a popular event with owners when run over the Caulfield course, there was an excellent in Id of 11 in the post Insolvent, with Scobie in the saddle, wits first favourite in my being of opinion that he would have won nt 1 remain" but few days ago but for his bad luck in falling while running on the flat A ander but, who won the last i lent over hurdles on the Ciililhcl 1 course inn lum putty closely in popular favour, the others backed 1 most freely in the liner prices bring the Sydney horse Diminuer and Golden Butterfly) Iheiew le Ino unships iii the race, Royal Mud who was holding li) Mr C 1 artiste, Killin, in el The list hurdle but coming down and) while Mistake at the same place, street he nil) me I rolled over several times but her rider was a it injure 1 At the finish Inset vein seemed to be named),, but Kin. brought up for us in the street and, as the result of gold riding near the post, won by half a length from insolvent who was two lengths ml a halt in limit of Muster Pinetop Batty, on Vanderbilt tried very hard in the Btmglit, but could not even get his Inn e into a place The clue person the day was the race to the St. Kilda i Cup, a prize of LQD cows, which brought out sixteen horses, Lesbu being favorite, with a slight advantage over Cerise and Blue Lavington and Cimerme shared the lead for the greater part of the journey, but, coming around the turn into the straight i mining, Cerise and Blue took command, and it set meet that Gorry and his clever mare would gain another victory 'The slight alter men in the weights since Saturday last gave Dunlop the opportunity which he had then missed, and cracknell, bringing up his horse, reversed the defeat of a week ago by beating Cerise and! Blue b) n length, Gardenia being third, unit Lesbia next to her Amongst the ten starters for the Selling Race, Duk flatteries, liddell by Cracknell, was the favourite, but the two year old i Frisco won handsomely), and on being offered for sale brought 220 guineas to the club funds, that being the price at which he was bought in It was stated that Gold top had been let tuned, but, there was some nus apprehension on the point, and his owner kept him The other placed horses for this event were the Deer and Dirk 11 interlock Light horses saddled for the "steeple chase, studley and Pride leaving the paddock equal favourites at 100 to 15) each The horses Were started for the last time in the straight running, and to double elOSBlllg of the three fences in front of the stand wits thus ouled Irishman who inn in Mr Mills a colours, quick!) fell out, us after crossing a couple of fences he declined to go any further Phenomenon, a large black horse, struck the mine wall so liquid) that he lost his rider, who was scratched about the place in his and there were no other mishaps though Euchre und 'The Masher both struck cleanly during the race, and were only kept on their legs by the determined eli oils of their riders, Ferguson on nellie showing special cleverness The finish resolved itself into a race between Studley and Rob Cooper, Pride being beaten before they entered the straight bridle) had most pace home, for through his life threatened him, the whip was not so ill) used, while Roi Cooper was ridden out studley won by a length and three quarters and Bob Cooper was three lengths in advance of Euchre The last nee, the South him Handicap, of seven furlongs, brought out 10 horses, St. Oddie being most in favour, while Bohemian, against whom good odds were at first obtainable was backed just before the start to win a considerable sum Millstream was fractious at the start and nile born" with some difficulty) brought level with the other horses, he refused to move when the King went down The distilled in this event suited Gardenia much better than the Cup journey, and she won with the greatest ease, St. Celdic whose second place being caught and beaten in the straight Larpent was third and Bohemian fourth His following are the particulits of the day's racing - llllDll SIDING It VC!, Of 100 sons The winner to be told for £100 One mile Mr S Nathan s b o Jocular, 4 ) rs, b) Emulation Guiol) bat -He (Burton) 1 Mr A -Gilfillan cb. g 1 network, 5 pre unit 4lb (Grn)) 2 Mr b Villiers be Geelong 2 yrs, 6st 12lbs (runs)) J Mr J e, 1 cldsblcîvuiicio 4) ra, Sut 7lb (Gorr)) 0 Mr A. 0 Webb's br g Harbinger, 0 jw, Sat. 4lb (Dobson) 0 Uottlnc. -11 en on jocular, 1 to 1 each against Nuncio and decking AlthougH there were few starters there was some little delay at the post and when the flag went down it was to a stra._ihiiîbtait Ivuiicio was quickly in setting and), in all sections and Jocular next to bring out the latter was at once a mile 1 to the rear Along the back patchwork wig in front and he led by a length and a half from Ainslie who was half a length in front of II from cr and Geelong, with Jocular mill running last, evening, doing h) th drive) In eagerly increased his Lad but at the turn into the straight Jocular had drawn up and was first into the open on the chestnut running very wide at the turn Joeu lar came along pulling his rider out of the saddle and won by about eight, len. His the rest of the Hell being entirely out raced lately and was second a length and a half in front of Geelong", Harbinger boiling next and Angelo last. Time, but Mr The winner was bought in at the upset price HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 120 sovs., second to receive above Oncinilcand half Mr J Cruickshank s br g, 1 use?, by BluelLht Thames mare 6yrs 9st, Mb (Kirra) 1 Mr J Wares b g Insolvent, (J )ia, lot. Uti (Scobie) 2 Air M O'Connor s br li Master Picture, aged, 11 t (Gardner) 3 Mr J Cohen's eh national Maid, died 1st July (Mr C lllcatc) 0 Mr T Jones's b li Mistake 0) IS, list has (Allder 6011) 0 Mr M Quirk well I Drummer, G ) ra, lost 10lb (Quiet ) 0 Mr T Jones s b m Agitation, and, lost six (Blair) 0 Mr M OBrlcnabrgVaiulerliilt 6 yrs, 10st. lib (Uatt)) 0 Mr A L Bradshaw's br h Sinking Fund U yrs, lost 3lb (Chesterman) 0 Mr S Miller's b g Foote ablest 131 fails) 0 Mr H Chlfntya br h Milton, U )r», Hat this (Cope) 0 Mr J Cripps's ch li Golden Butterfly) 6 ) rs, Out This (M Ccod) 0 Mr W b Covs(juii)bhThcChicf 6yrs 6st 4lb (Owner) 3 Mr G Glasscock a by Magnolia, aged, fast. (M'Ganan) 0 Betting -6 to 2ngst Insolvent 9 to 2 a sea, under blue, 0 to 1 sugar The Drummer 100 to 15 ust t eldest Iluttcrll), 10 to 1 best insect 1- to 1 agst hull mi. Land, 16 to 1 agst hool) le, and Otto 1 at the Child Golden Butterfly) and Nicholls were the a rich est in getting away) but crossing the first hurdle V Smith bill was with them Here Hilltop struck the hard to train) and was nearly do so As the passe I the stand Vanderbilt was held " slightly from Manila with sinking sand and insolvent came" up steadily) towards the front The Drummer was a bad last Rounding the turn Sinking 1 and hot 1) te, and Ho) al Maid were in front at running in close cure pany, the next at their heels being Maglioh i and Golden flutter) And reached,, the bad Golden matters!) 'said 1 coal Maid and was with the leaders As an ox swim., round 1 to th 1 all Sinking 1 and still shown in a is once, the next behind him in order 1 cm,: Kooti the Vanderbilt Insol year and Golden Butterfly) insoUci t was come., up steadily), while Hilliup fell Inst Is the) e une I the sod wall Insolvent had assumed the lead in eh for loaned by MiitAko, here at the next hurdle Mi the struck and rolled over several cases loyal Mill also blundered and cattle do mi is often cut him into the straight with Sink in. Fund Next to him but let the race huma 1 uses an 1 M ister i Hislop, who had been in the mel all thrown li Moule i i sue Bihar riding Kin. tail led I use a winner by li elf a length from Insolent who was two lengths and a half ahead of Master tractor Vanderbilt was fourth, The Drummer fifth Keyte with sinking" fund sou nth and Royal Maid who had been remounted last time, in bed. Till- sr I JJ U > CUP, Of 200 says al led to a sweepstakes of i sets, each second horse to receive starts One mile and a quarter and a distance Mr A R Robertson s br c Dunlop 3 Mrs " t 916 , b) l>cckcri>.at-1 the (Cnchnell) 1 Mr H Oxenham s b f Cerise and Blue 6yrs Sir bib (Gom) Mr C Williams Uni- Gardenia 3 yrs, 7st 011 (O Brien) 3 Mr It 1 Williams b h Kit Nubbles 0 or-, hat of (Bruce) 0 Mr G Davis's b m Catherine aged, 8st 3lb (Carter) 0 Mr J S lilttlnuhnm's b ii Claptrap, 0 pre Vst. lib (Tsinan) s 0 Mr 1 Hentys be Cyclops 3 yrs 7st. 8lb (San der) 0 Mr O Barnett s b m Lesbh 0 A rest "lb (Cor i) 0 Mr M Jacobs's ch 2 Lady Chu lia 30 as stool (Roberson) 0 Mr V A 1 licite s br c LnwiiLton, i j rs, st " b (Hannagan) 0 Mr J Noonan a bt in Honey Tee 6yrs, 6st 7lb (Bence) 3 Mr I Warnes ch g, Footman 0 re Cat Mr (Morrison) 0 Mr L L. Smith s b g Dougalston, aged eA 616 (Blair) 0 Mr T Cole) b g Genoe 0 is 6st carried 6st 2lb (Cox) 0 Mr J laifclcjsbl h Hunter aged 8st (Opie) 0 Mr A F Bradshaw's ch h "Yellow Hammer rock 9st 7lb , Including, 7lb i dealt) (Johnson) 0 settings to 30 His < cabin, to get Cerise and Bagot is to 1 beat Dunlop, 7 to 1 each artist Clap, Trap, cloud and Gardenia, 100 to 8 arrest Catherine, 14 to 1 east Yutlon Hammer, 20 to 1 agst Lavington. Y ellon Hammer was troublesome at the start, and was sent to the outside. the flag fell 1 to a splendid start all the horses could; travel together 1 the first to show in front were I am Hilton and Lamerme, the pair brm"'it](r the field down toward the sufferers by box again,' the Marne, Lavington was in front, and he was followed in order by cameron Y elton Hammer, Gardenia, I odds, and Cchmi and blue, with Clap- trap and Kit Nubbles. last Ah they went round the turn D Searston crushed close up to 1 Lavington, and was followed by Gardenia, and landed Approaching the turn towards the back Lav airton tun i ear tile lead the hour is running behind him being Catharine, Yellow Hammer, Lesbia, Cerise and Blue, with li in lieu and Kit Nubbles closed up like increase in splutter before wheeling on to the late stretch, and running parallel with the straight Lavington and ( America close together Kill Held CDimiia.lij, followed by Lesbia, Dunlop, and lionel itee, Liuu"nl3tou hat and dropped back last As the Held passed the bud will, C Linedale shown 1 slightly in front but after pa rail, this point behind slimmer deposed he, had n id the kid far as in East Coast mu blue is inst very el e a tin um family to, turn into the straight Coast mail Hi no pa*>«>i I almost without authentic I tile trout but ten .; for home Dunlop it once came in in the tuck uidtliaHtiueliiii Half-way down Lr Scannell "of Dunlops had in front, and dm wins out of the limits won by length burn Cerise and Hint, who finished three lengths-, and a half before Caidema 1 east a sea lightly e.l.[ttip to th. Cm nine, MMb, Mellon H turned a verdict, i id Kit hobbies of cure, followed by Hourn i i foot man, Union, and 1 ammonia, Ultu Deal uNto a lad laM lime, and " K SI I MM. FALL, Of late Rev s The t inner to be sold for -the) five and a. and a half 1 Mr J Pollack us by I, have - to nil, 1 j Grand 1 areas list 4lb (Morn n) 1 Sir J I Robertson d eli s, quiet Iieer 4trs ml, Tut, Jib (lid Ils) 2 Mr A K Robertson s ch h Dirk fluttered 0>m_ till, 7st. 7lb (C backache) T Mr W c. \Wbbabrc Berloloi,4 in nil, st "III (Brown) 0 Mr i Wcckööbef Goldtop aged nil, Put -lib (I unlike) 0 Mr J Udl a ch m Mavourneen, ii j in all 7st 4th (at minors) 0 Dr O is in a bin Mabel Grey., 5 yrs nil, 7st 4lb (Curro JJ 0 Mr W L l'ovteiMbriîIilzroj.* aw nil, 7st. 4lb (Johnson) 0 Mr a Miller's br (g Bull, 4 yrs, nil, 7st. 4lb (lucerne) 0 Mr J A Lilly,!) br m Author yrs, nil, 7st 4lb (sounded) 0 Betthuf --1 to 1 north JJirl Uattcralcl, 4 to 1 each test case in star, and Goldtop 7 to 1 seat Mabel tree S to 1 seat inn there was good deal of trouble at the start Pan breaker now a; once handsome-, burne distance Xh y were set "going' by a good start, a race I' u, and Mabel fire behind the last. three to go to the front As they approached the head wall Goldtop was loads, up fast and just after ] asmus; this a point he drew up level with Iii co and had the (cat for an instant Rounding the turn 1 time came again and getting heat into the straight race ed home an easy winner by a length from the Deer, who was a head in front of Dirk li at the rate 1 Gold top was fourth Mitournecii teeth J it/ro\ sixth and 1 er] Uej lost, time, but Uses The winner was bought in for the j H AN DIED bil torCH AS Of 200 goes added to a sweepstakes of 5 sets each an owl to receive 40 nuts five miles and a flutter Mr S Malherbe studley, is Knur loin-Horn 6 yrs and. (Mr Watson) 1 Mr J ide-h I) y JJoti Cooper, aged. list fills (the dual) 2 Mr V DalrwnplLd b g Euchre. aged, 11st. Dib (Ferguson) 2 Mr J Alorados b g Pride, aTed, lost his (Battj) 0 Mr G Connolly & jnr D Marquis of Waterford. aged, lUft. 12in (M Gowan) 0 Mr to Millers true Irishman, Gears, lOst Gib (ft in very) 0 Mr J R Douglas b L. Dhu Mailer, 5 yrs 10st. 4lb (Gardiner) 2 Mr M Moran a bl u Piieiiomunoii, lued, List. 71 Li. uiniedUst Dib (chicken) 0 Betting -100 to JJ each in St Studley and J L n le 4\. to I ask Lucille, owl 30 Bob Cooper, 10 to J spot The Irishman binder,,) led swaying the State title Irishman list Going over the last fence, the order was I zebra. M Argus of Waterford, studio, last Cooper and lheiioiticnon, with his man till just at 1 all me 1ÍUI"»C3 jumped-, well Alter piquant, that, joint and going up towards the bell I had one-ton truck remand eyes do. er went in Bout u 11111 this order to ey cleared the. second fence The ss Tsinan a rei reader of co 11 and eral \y At the Full Feb Cooper and 1 letter over the, mountain pair Ibu li Id) man he killed at the Io too here and although several of her tiled refused to Jun P U the ss 1 wall 1 ride an I Lob Coo. ers let you To had held the two leading places. I hciiotiieiion struck the fence bereaved we t her without his r den as he remained Kill, us Let the. jump averting treble! 111 bound the limb the less they were a ride Bah Cooper, and studied in that or der Luchrostruck the part of the treble heavily, but area on a mile I then runs on his legs and the ed a cheer for the sHort lasstiij-thu board the older vines- bride Bob Cooper, out play, Euchre The Masher, and Marquis of H ate. rise id as they went in up to the Siekmann The Marquis of Water full toll far behind By it is time the; twins, rum d to the back Lob Cooper uns 111 from, with studley next to him Fri he was third Luehrc an The Masher being not, and that Mr pm a long waist line passed here!) over the sod wall Bob Cooper leader", but at the last fence before maintain the straight line Muhel blundered over aid was with difficult. kept on his leg. Bob Cooper to 1-. Hist into the open but he studied challenged is 1 1 and, having most A area for the Hind won by a length and three quarters Luckie being. third at ten lengths behind Bob Cooper i ride was fourth Time Master fifth and the Man quit of it afternoon covered, The list J hue in hid Till SOUllI SAMA IIAMHCU, 01100 sovs , second horse to receive 15 sets feet of Mr C Wilson's b m G U I mi 2yrs b) Monteith little;-! less de li'. 7st bills (of Dress) Mr J Harper's b 1 bl O title, J yrs, 8st. (Util ride Mr M Al again a oh f Tarpeia, 4 ) rs, ist. Olb (Wenzel) Mr he Talbot's b or bro- Mozart, 4 Mr.-, 0»t Jib (Moore) Mr J C Held a ch g The Ghost, aged, 8st. 10lb (C Williams) Mr J .Aarcachhliralcc, 6yrs, 8st 10lb (Robert in) Mr H B Tothill ch in Ula lies 5 yrs test. Sir (W A man) In 1 Jones's like Bohemian, 4 yrs 8st 8lb (Blair) Mr J A Lancelin Jailer, , his, bit. 2lb (Can lost) Mr 1 come) 3chhAllttiidor,Ü)rd, stills (Will Hamson) Mr J W lilttincliam s oh li Ironmaster, 6 yrs, 7st life (Trahan) Mr J Warnes eli o Albanus, 3 yrs 7st, 5lb (tree in) Mr J' Kell) a ch r Anarch) 4yrs, 7st (Carroll) Mr S (G Cook's br 1 Marie Louise, 4 yrs, list Miss (Johnson) Mr b Italian s b c jocular, i ) rs, 9st 2lb (Gorry)) 3 Mr J Barnes b C Just lop, J )rs, list 8lb (Bence) Mr J G Reid's b or br c Midstream, 5 ) rs, (1st bill (Seller) Mr A 1 Hailsham like Their), 4yrs Of 4lb (D Williams) Mr J Leek also St. Paul, 2yrs 6st (Stratford) Betting- to 1 agst ht Odillo 4 to 1 (at least 10 to 1) agst bohemian 8 to 1 sent home for 10 to 1 each a st Napier tar oil, are due at Jocular 1 to 1 each heat caidcmaaiil Marie Louise liveliest Millstream blue deity at the post is attributable to Mill Stream who decline to join the others and when the s "nal was given hems left behind by Odlll i as usual dashed to the front follow 11 N Tail eli and Gardenia with his life Mr units and Iionnmster all a teacup As the) reached the sod wall by O Idle as out tulip: a length clear of late a sailor ii die is still held tim 1 place the next air beams All arms and Bnliiininli Whip leader in the streets. Carlisle who had the inside running was mov n" rt] l II) upto the leaders. The favourites ashes, into the open but garden i is knitting" ties) up her heels and when they turn into the touchline latter day to all the ] avenue Kew I for a few strides rail] car 1 city" next 11 the run to the i oat Gardenia die i out from a O Hill and an I I too leagues, Tirpeia 1 our-, third a length and a half further back Hohem! m y is minds], All must Hills, Johanna sixth In the net i I live Clint lies lies and be found were the third in U June, Iji JP's 'the four Ion as; are the amounts of the stakes won at the meeting - Mr A. It 1 obertion 1st St. Kilda Cpl 220 Mr h Miller Ut steeplechase . ., 167 Mr J lulu close ' Raffaello K 1 ace ... ,. 11,0 Mr b Millan 1st Mr lou Stella, I see ... 100 Mr J Cruickshank - 1st Hurdle Uno .. 100 Mr C Wilson lotteries land is handicap . 00 Mr H Ide ll 1 bucjlcelmo . . 40 . II Um shall til he Kilda Cup . '25 Mr J Men. in Hurdle Race .. " 20 r I Harper's South Yarra Handicap 10 total . ISA FIELD IN MILK PARK RACES 'The following are the weights for the IslernwicU mills races, to be run on bt articles JJny - IHN llUl'DM- RACE, Of 75 801 s., second to reach a 10 sons One mile and the Furlongs st. lb st Mnld 12 2 I ii sir 100 slip out 10.10 * lL.rL.ih 10 II A! man 100 st lb Harbinger from a girl loss nee) Bonnie La I Cenantes Macaroni. ' lhuClllel e H tNDILU I no furlong Malt driven (, 11 1 iron o U bin»eed 0 11 Millstream bil lion in a 10 Sister Cnlco 0 I) I i lotto of violet 0 of Louis II riioTlcer As Lamonte sr in sick s STR for fencing st lb st lb little 11 0 SS cooling it 10 4 Kulljno 10.10 Patchwork 10 O Union Jack 10.10 | Chester II 100 St" 10 7 I Roulette I 10 Marquis of Water I Lubra 0 10 for I 10 7 Martindale U 7 Irishman to t> | BHARKiioLunns* cup. Of 100 son of and piece of place value 100 Sovs. added. Second to receive 10 soft. One mile and a furlong and a half. Grace Darling; Plausible .. Hiii/tua-tcr hit Nubbles St Odille .. Solo !! Lesbia ; IMp (gratitude 7 12 7.10 7.10 Impulse , Honey late I'crehnnce, Footman , Marie Four Land Co has Millstream Yillow Ii miner at «0oii"-alitiin [ Master Union best of Agatha Sinking; Fund Achmet Uncu li. .. 7 7 7 6 G. Now its. Handles paper. SPOke, NOV! "5 The a eights for the st Patrick s Day meeting at Esternwick ] ink and b issued to the swell us those to the use lull ninlUiivl es bury races 1 times for the IIkcIils Marsh and Ingle too I meetings close to li) St Patrick s Day) (Uilneslav) will as usual It (has) observed in the i em" clubs in victory over) Ron, Hit of in e my-. hope is in in the calendar is Melbourne mee Loris 1 Elsternwick park will be the centre in attraction us that with hurdle racing steeplechasing" and ttniL and the sheep non ill) lil and passion in the shape of Hut, racing, Mr li Lytton [cm lay due to having compiled the most varied pr "winnie Kt put forth at 1 Elsternwick park The entries were no numerous as to pr niHcstr in" fields especially in the MiurchnJdcru Lil] shell with its 'IO sons and front of his) own value may be well worth winning" The plant is of trotting horses set down for the middle of the afternoon is in the air action entries for which must be made before noon to day at the V R G ounce Of the country nee meetings on St. Patrick s Day), til it is l\\)iictoii will not lack patrons whilst the enterprising Vlbur) 1 racing" Club last two days nicety" that issue to) be largely) attended IniNcvv South Wales there are some valuable star is to be run for at Liver pool an 1 Cien fillies Owners of home is in the principal events of next week. h Corina It being Club are reminded that the acceptances must be declared to Mr F C Piggin the hon seen than, before 4 of upon lines li) to-morrow week-end tries must be made for the last ii e icing Star! es und Second Four Stakes the first is for now yearlings and the race is to be run next year and till, second for foals to be run in 1883 J he I Illabrook entries and ] uineuinicrin,, general entries close on Tuesday The weights for the Sydney) Cup are due to appear on a cdnesd is there will be an important sale of rice horses at Albury) on the second day it the true s lin lots include Mt 11 ] Howlers celebrity Miners and several others with hill dozen quinces three year olds by John Dull and out of well bred mares The officials of many) country racing, clubs seem to be under a mis purely nsion us to the meaning of m den states For instance, the) style of race a maul it plate, and in the conditions and line, it is-, for ladies Unit time never won an advertised i root in soil or more, is the case may be Of course, where a horse wins less than 10 hours ex. clusive of its own bill e it would appear to be entitled to run in such a rice but the i t is that races with such credit was attached to them are entirely ill" ii The ieC rule is very simple on the definition of a maiden which it states means a horse which at the time of an innings has never won an i licensed plate or sue pat likes M are the rule adhered to in its as yet intent), there would be none of the disputes and protests which at present an nisi parable from these minerals in idea of its It is satisfactory to find the V 1 0 com mittee at last t turn" steps to enforce the rules relative toowncrshii ! and tin assisted lion or assumed names, the wonder is that the committee have not been roused into action sooner four long turn owners or presumed owners of horses have played limit and loose with th nine cases have been common enough in which a horse has been entered as the property of one man at a certain need it, then on the next occasion church t an other nominator, und Im ill) returns to the outside owner A few salutary warnings like til it administers 1 it the paying over of the vital s 1 in the recent \ K e Autumn Meeting will not be without effect In New South Wales the, agitation, in favour of the adoption of the totalisator issued up; amongst the country racing, clubs the Grafton Jockey Club li the pioneer in the movement, having Hotel) agreed to the for lowing,, resolution - That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that the totals tor should be 111, iii ed for use only under the sole control and direction of a committee of iiiinuc,cnii not of the various registered clubs respectively) throughout the colony and that the principal clubs but all be communicated with in view of united acted in petitioning 1 argument upon the subject Subocriutnt 11 the fore going resolution beat, J issue I, tin (. an animal food is ( Cub held a special meeting and unanimously resolved to cooperate. to til the Grafton Joel of Club Other clubs are expected to follow in the movement It is announced that settling will commence at it on to div it lioness latere ills over Saturdays Cuutliekl meeting and on Thursday, at the same hour, over the eisternwick pail seems-, Cranbourne races will be the attraction next Saturday) in the metropolitan district Leven fine weather this is one of the ni ist enjoy) the outing of the season and there will doubtless be a large assemblage in the, woo le I is that on which the course is situated an I front which is obtained a splendid view of the country for many miles round I A tram will leave Prince s bridge at 114 am for Dandenong whence Ci bb s coaches und c lbs will convey passengers to Cranbourne and back to Dandenong for the 7 M p m train to town There are seven events on the eve 1 and the first race is timed for half past 12 o'clock The weights will be announced to day) The coursing season opens this week at Ballarat to morrow, when Mr. Cadden will take the entries for the strike to be run at the first meeting of the Hall that club which takes place on Wednesday and thirteen i) at the Ercildoune I lumpion At the same time nominations will be received for the Dub) and O iks Coursing men must not cry or lose the bale of grey hounds to be held on Friday at latter Billia 1 Miibition street The lots nearly 50 in number, comprise the entire kennel of the Hon. W. M. Tulloch who is retiring from coursing 1 each lot has to be sold without the slightest reserve The coursing season this year commences about a month earlier in a lemons than usual the 1 altar it Club be in" first in the Held For the last four or five years this would have been impossible on account of contract I day weather but the recent rain has prep ire I the running grounds everywhere I jr immediate oper itiOus 1 lies with us rahan Club i pc li the seas in an art well and Shcrno 11 rank and Moonee Valley) commence in the first and second weeks of l April The Victoria Club is considerably) 1 inter than hitherto the first meeting being set down for may Liv The New South Wales Club is 1 later still the opening meeting have" been appointed li r the 11th and 14th of May) A cr) encouraging reports come from the famous engine sures in Victoria up to the prospective supply of "time for the season At sherwood p is a special day to coverts are well stocked with young horses had and retired on the ground chick i: r. MCC. V. EMCC. This match was continued on the McCOOL around last Saturday, and i resulted in it are for the E M 0.0. on the first innings by six runs The scores were as follow - HM.C.C-riMtliinliu'S 157 Mr C. First INNINGS JDuITt, 0 Horan, b Trapp ., ,. 23 Walters. not out ._I(1 Dickson, run out Allen, c Allen, b Boy, To 2 White, not out. : .. J! Chapman, absent Cotton, editors Phillips, absent .... .... 0 Cohen absent., 20 Swi t, absent Menzies, about .... -- 0 sundries. 2 Total 71 SECOND INNINGS. Swift, b Horan . 04 Walters, inn out. 22 Menzies, c Horan, b Brown 0 Cohen, st Watsford, b Brown 2... GI Jackson, of Duff, STrapp. 1) Duffy, run out 0 Allen, not out . . li) ft bite, c Bruce, b ft Worrall. 10 Chapman, absent. O' Cotter, mean t. 0 Phillips, absent ". 0 sundries. 7 Total 170 R M C.C FrCOMUNM.NGH. Watsford, not out. in IhitTj, b nielson. 0 Bruce, not out . 0 Sundries ... at Total for one wicket. RICHMOND V bUUUI UELDOURNS. The first eleven of the Richmond and South Melbourne clubs commenced a three days'' match on the Richmond ground on Saturday Howie won the to g and sent his men in further treated the spectators towards really splendid cricket His hits were hard and clean, and the only i chances against him were when he had almost c implied a century Twenty fours and two fives wor- minded in the store He went to flattened lost his > t not a few minutes before the call of time, when the were was at 2972 more than half or the runs being (incited to hut Over, afresh and a chance early in his remains, settled down to to heralding the bowling, which was very second-rate He batted with much and without, Boo 'tw, r' c h i until now been playing In a team for love and Scott's cup, stored 40 li) free and iiie-.liln_r erleKub. bullet, from the second day on justified his? promotion In rowing ' line runs in excellent form The fielding not vi hit lines d he expects d from -a first eleven of blight and Trott at Adelaide the scores - niCHMOM) letter 1-.MSGS Turner Grivell lion min I internal e Time lin, b Garrett Our c torn off, h t Barnett 1 it lard c Minchin b Herman Roberts, is J I arrest - Mullett, not out Moore not out 2 sundries lue wickets for last, niYItOYV WILLIAMSTOWN A two day) s cricket match was commenced on intend iv on the Fitzroy (nel terming her a little list elevens old store) and Billy Heaton in his DHU li tllCS.OI,. - HlLLUMbTOlAN, Allen, b McShane 0 1- M Allister, b Mitchell . Ill A i Fish b Neale in .. ii. I Giuljb, e Sold, is Mitchell 0 K Jones b Mitchell .... U I can el h Newman .... St 1 "I first r run-out 0 Davidson liNeliiniii 0 I FITZROY. FIRST INNINGS Mitchell, not out 36 M S une, bO Grubb .. 12 9 till it-, b A (Grubb 10 Tot d for four of le.cts b3 1901 IX AND SCOTTS CUP Capulet v Ormond -This match was played on Saturday in the presence of 1 Out) spectators either let, 111 -Davies, not out S, Hellings, 6, Willie oil, 2' Roberto, H Coulson, To Hart, 10, be in. the elm I scorers sermon J only made 27 III their 111 it finally s, and, therefore, followed on the line HOtel lil without the loss of a cricket, t arlt nil nil nil! 11 not-out men Uni of 3 not out H. Inn, 3 took I well as for IJ and Hine) 1 tor of mill engine sprints proper TROPHIES The follow iii"'*init"hos were play ed for the trophies on-. a date) - Star of Hlelllliond v Cotter United-The Stir of I behind a mile 18in their first race, while Cobm"' put together 07 In their second try the Kielimouls mills -I- of illicit 1 lower eoutllluitcd his line out, from an, illegal 11, Snell 22 Craven's length It and burn!! 1! Cobtuj; made 66 in their second bullion 's of which hanley. seemed 21 and as I inn and v North Fitzroy, at Albert pulling Local I scored 7 and the North Fitzroy lost time and I els for 111 Emu HOTHAM SPORTS Unl'Oi lltOI'HII S The I am "a line an I Hotliiui I feel my Childs p 11 ed for this trophy on I'M CC ("second) v Mr Scullin (Second) This match was concluded on return to, on the 1st feel bourne ground, and resulted in a win for the M C C on the first iuuiu_,rb band unit, beat Melbourne ilretntuitiL,b Iii) LUCr first innings OR Melbourne w. omllntiui_,s-I'torce 2 Whitton TO Clarke, Jill Mine, Mr A Slice 12 A Aitl eil 17 V Jones has, Stephen 30 sundries.! total for six wickets for bMOt (Junior out out) a tooth College the match was played on the Central College (ground on Saturday, and resulted in a draw the college scoring 117 and the MCI losing three wickets for 4 Kieliuiond Ramblers Church of Hand or music 'school -in this match on during the school is to me says, Morris's other 10 as a token is life 1 uni biers scored 73 runs thus winning by 16 runs lUs miss for not out | loved a fine innings John wife) of keeping of Kell nobleness excellent Alum road arriving School v St Kilda Scotch Colicúo-lins match was played at the UniehoUbe men's round on Friday and was decided on the first innings in favour of Ahm lea I fluttered women's Kilda Scotch c life. to Alan road, O M Smith JP and deeds bear,, the highest scorers for those he spectator- school The following mat lies were al opened on Satur Gordon and Gotch t Heidelberg and won by. the far mer after an exciting finish, by 21 runs to Heidelberg bu0 Cleehill v. Kew Asylum is tilted in a tiny Kew scored 193, and Cleehill -I for two wide cts 1 o\ lull at Ivanhoe - A dint li t\ hill made 170 for the loss of the wickets Circle Pi il\nn2>, Gutter 14 Simpson 10, and loon 3 (not out) were the chief scorers Last hill v Alphington Alphington TO , Thomas 13 Eastern hill, three wie! etc for the , A Cool o i I (not out) v: Cooke U (not out) Our limitless correspondent telegraphs An in were the cricket mite h w is lined ton j between the Mount O timber and Iluudtoii clubs I h M, ton Weruthu first to hat but only effected on Nicholson and mild and Ltownleea 18 Arm from, bowled four wish etc, for 10 cum Cu sends us so dear" well The II uniting them with " U Armstrong play In-, a Ibu. hitting mines (t 1 officially (not out) let and R M Ullin-J liithocvciiuiif US visitors were entertained at a dinner in the Mu once hill SWIMMINg SOblH MI LCOI I L SWIMMING CLUB The annual i n les of the - until Melbourne: SlMIII au i, Clutl well I eat 111 S Nils, batting b m da) afternoon! At bonall the neither was, I tide 11) liulaiouroh e their ideas were well | atioill e I 1 principal event bLin"' animals ed by about jHlsj loss rest interest was a car in the coal < till I theCeor s call He in turn. a Inch is usually a In the Mayor of Mc home to Pte let, i have been -lemons!! siMinmei llnsclcllti came I oil li li Wilson of Geelong who on all three games of the, 200 and 300 Jills with the "letter tie I U I (Findon, also of Geelan camel the clubs old used it for seven 1 place in I a 1 Giblin of M Bourne took the clubs silver in hill for it and the Half-mile line brought out seven s riders who were de- pitched In accordance will the roll on. I am 1½ cups au -W J Holland loo R J Hill 11 nee G Lade 10sec , V L Love, 10 ee J M Siccus ba cc , A P Lennie a sec mill Heath see Kennlea ultu I the reid when 400 or Is had been trucks d Head who has More d into second place' being, about, stands behind the leader like a course 1 the remainder of the journey in the sit positions Lennie within a line race b) four paid the bill was s care 1 the third Had Hail fours I mile and Perth swim excellent!), and I trot ten eli ii) planted at the blush line Ibu! II The following are to realised the murderer s - Schoolboy loo ) ds- i Health Geelong 1, : Anderson, ceeloiiL I Morgan, Williamstown, J Maiden Han heap 100yds-A If kennell), place , 1,1 Bruce her itch, I A Hunter 10 co , O) on 11 in heap _00)ards-I S Gibbs, bMSC, -r es , 1 C Heath electors" 12sec 2, V Jamison, . see J Hill - sic A C Made house as InBils, 12sec the forward Thirteen started time, line Lee Maiden Race, 50 yards -1' Bruce, 1, A behind, - 1 S Still b 1 luncjllL A IS Relative, 1,11 lilOokcs, 2 ObiillUan o Clothes Handicap, 6 yards- L Howard, scratch, 1,1 true scrub 30 blocks), 6s e and L) Doohn 4sec dLa 1 beat berthed Minden I see, lC0)jrds-1 Office, 1, v N Old ham " Meiub rs Handicap 100 yards A 11 Swindells, 22sec, 1,11 Watson, 10sec 2 A J I Bell e ISseu I Running ltd 1ers -V M Case, 1, U Gilchrist and A II Let me e pi ii for second Steel feelings OR ) ii Is -1 Grave 1 see , 1 , A C Walch, "9sec 2 J J lev uni 77 l , J M s i This Jennie and li H Marr) and his chum I tile duties, of starter and jud o reported). ST KILDA bWlMMNCI CLUB! 'The St hill H club held their champion meeting Saturday last at their) s bl lies in their case of about -UJ i r MO spec item The weather is is no nil I favourable to the short b a clue poor mine, I dishfuls carried out in Mitchell as he I then in Mr C 1 island on acted s stiller mill will Barlow the secretary) roll ed him to n i! e the du) a success in following are the realises the du forent dents - re James Ila c (open) to her H Desire- W A. Edwards, C S C 1 c 1 intrusion, b I s e T, W Murphy, 2- W S C , J Exhibition of living for en)- C S Crouch 1 , J Bill e, 2 Mr el Ultimo S 170 i yards handicap (opens blunt DSC, scratch 1, is 1 Do class b W b c , tree , 2 IA Ward, b K S.C , 0 co., I Iii Yards Senior Members Hindu. Dr C ! II tier, Misses., 1 , J L Bailey, -I oe , 2 1 VI Rushall, "Osoc , J 10 Yards Junior Members Handicap -b Fox 20sec, C ii Allalil, 20sec, -, J H Heliport, -Olds J i 500ft north Champion race -I W I o I it led Brush, 2 H" C Richards an 1 I We had still but did not finish Do Little more is seen at tile, and won after a good race with blush, arose up in a very plucky manner inhibition. of the. stud., - i Morrison, P M roldhelin 2d Green, 1 The dunlin) sis topic seated b) II 1' Under 20 yards senior Me above Handicap -I V. War1; 2, 1866, 1 II 1' Hurdles sec 2, M lol, late J 142 -Hands Handicap often under 18- R' C Dibbs, lOsoc , 1 , t. W d 1, 20sec t,11 A Edwards, 10sec , 1 Grand Han Heap, HIS yards (open 9-6 Blunt G SO, scratch l, 1 W He little, s for , 17sec -, J 4 H'H 'shbC, 14sec J De Little was in front till l va ds li mi home, when Blunt passed liii i and won a ism 11\. iirilsbeiiur Vleinb r h ndlcip- C Littler, 19sec, 1,1 A Ward I sec At Ferguson, -seed This mci In a the office llJvunis case gift to I Tell el who was never headed 1 Ino prints will h) pris ate 1 it the nc\tsocial i in all of the club to he held UcU is Mrs law instead of Wednesday), P. the Star and Garter Hotel Robe street. KLW Iliail SCHOOL Thaannuil swindling matches of this school came off on Thursday afternoon in stating s Inths StKilda flic follow war are to event j md the named of the winners - Under 11 y ears of A -ft U S l\lih 10sec 2 W H Wright scratch, 2 is to love I to b tub and heat in the Imtnttemp but in the main or even a worse half a yard time 1m An Open Hindu jp- C J>iï c 1 C J Alsop, race, 2., H councils <\- v Hare In _ Under 10 be used A" - r ft during a te 1 is Commuu.ueiiteh 2 Line MacUm.jii.lusu 3 Time. Champion 1 ace -I I" Mil 1 on 150 ft Turner, 2 C J Alsop, 3 This was won rather easily by Nicholson Mr C H Bennett acted as starter, and the head master as judge "YACHTING THE ROYAL A VCIIL 61 I I Oh MCTOiJA The second club race for a trophy of 4,10, allowance for tonnage being.' circulated under the end nut) tonnage measurement, wits conto ted under favourable circumstances on b murder" last Mr J H MU y ach d is starter and judge The course was, twice round, from St Kilda pier white buoy on st Mid muk, thence loan 1 lightship to starting point, staying at marks on the port hand The yacht-, six in number, and had even a tin blithely in preparatory to a IKm^j«-tart At Oh Om pm the king cleverly got away across the line route 10s after the signal to do it ii h given the Port was close on her weather port quarter, followed by the Kim, Rory O'More, Southern Cross, and Sea Queen, the two last getting into cIoRoqunrtors. the hon them Cross carrolup her jib, hoisted topsail Rounding the fat hilda mark starting point boats were cast off for the run test. Kilda t white buoy ft her off Port Melbourne, the Southern Cross neither team with the intention of not losing a chance the other t give consent to her i themselves in readiness for a Buff beat to windward, with hatches closed for the shorthorn heat that was running around: the white bow tie liking led the Pert, with Rory O More and Southern Cr iss In the van The Iron and Son owners withdrew, the former not having her a letter crew on board man being too short handed The t riches made for is much smooth water as could be found under the lee of it till Hilltown shore, and then, with i on.: her on the starboard tack the buettededinie.chin_rtholiKhtshlp Just standing. on Mifllcicutli tacked her wall for the run home to at Kidi to complete the first round the Port O More aid Southern Cross were still in the in and betting their topsails, which were put down for the best to windward St Kilda mark was passed as follows - Mr n, Hi Uni, Perr, lit Um, Kort O More, 1 h I'm his southern Cross 4h 17s the of five order to observe to the white bull The wind having somewhat abated, preparations were made to fit there let him debts to sink out reefs and in the face downwards to the lightship the pue ha vine 1 miscreant, the Felt improving her posi tion but the ii In.' led round the lightship Insp to of iheLiT-irtsof the I unscrew an 1 to nine doubt I burst the Ministry to see Mr Swayne whilst in the; a little bird kel mc nine 1 the coveted position of first past the winning; bets, which was passed in the bl low 1 liff order -A kind, Ali Km rails , Pert h Um was , Kerr O Moore, in iron is outturn Cro On 26th J's the ill mc thus winning without her titncallovtniiee Ph" I trt having to concede Jin Ms to the Rory O'More, takes third pod lion This is the second consecutive win by the A king, and her performances on both oct actions stamp her as one of our Binirtetit inches for four po in the bay she was cap rally esteemed and handled throughout the race, which she fairly won on her ments. ST. KILDA YACHT CLUB It A race was contested on Satin in afternoon for a £1 Is prize presented by the club A good southerly breeze was too year Five vat rats were entered, but only the following three came to the post consider able after the usual time for he finds -Melin I did Bros Meteor, mining , Mr ft J Iwi edie s Mermaid lOtiuii Messrs- Kent Bros \\\nt<r*Itch scratch the Ftirtwasmaileat in June The watertight went silly with the Kid, an I kept it throughout, coming in in East winner The Meteor tal on second money. Hill Mt imittUvtc up after completing one round for June are as follow -Waterwitch, Sh nation either Meteor, OF square dance ROWING MEN ClMIbt. CLUB-The first series of car: races in connexion with the Mercantile 1 one s c GI lb for trol lies ] rose the 1 by the committee took a place on the up or I am on Satur it is afternoon when the folio»lue'results - First, Heat North Sideboard-' (stroke) Robin son Stake milliners South side- Millar (street e) W Die as I Jones and li Dili s A spoon for contest from start to finish result was in Rio de 11 heat The low oil proved as exit are as the first rice tile one As I see mi, to either the whole), Millar »111111111, on the past by a foot secon 1 Heat North Side Tanner (strol e) Cal 1 « II 1 cables and a violinist South and left s I was (strol e) Mllirheal I agree 1 in I 11 till I l,ioviiL,ot in) it the start baconers in Plan leave luminaries level with him about) half a ton III Third Heat -North closes at I eli (strol 1 ) 1 one I 1 iron, and african board She left Broken (strike) Muirhoal books and II II The south side led all the way, as I non comfortably The condition)!,, heats may be rowed this cyclists and to morrow POW FUND. The following" are the scores in the match played on Saturday between UM Eeles v Australian authors -Nullica -No 1 l'hik~Vln"nus achi 1er bros man I chain 2.) No 2 Hill of a been lev. Keltie National so S Hink-G to william Tears Urforl 1 lindrum 19 No 1 finishes fitness Jus Birtirislo lied Hughes .- Ino 6 1 and Hall V death of Henry Mitchell -li No 0 I intend M Donald kee 111 1 Ills Montgomerie 20, No 7 illili-HIiby, farmer Cul Ion hours) The S I ill! -bett Moore became dull, -1 172 Old logics No 1 Hill - W Aitken I Plvtli Randall Johnston 18 No 2 third Cooper-On rifle jr A Harnham Grayson 0 No a 1 ml -C Smith M Gregor, MolTatr, 1 0 Stobart 2- No 1 Hint-J S Stewart Burns Hunt Balderson '1 No of sinking I can White I Admits Jlos I) No 0 Hill -V northern ton Bondi Clover Seed, II No 7 King inch and fired I. then Windsor 21 No 3 Billie May, Oldham, Burn], Butler, is IAM V TENNIS On Saturday list at the Carlton Bowling green a match took place being nth Carlton and Richmond clubs which resulted in a victory for the latter I \ IO comes to IS A match between the wonder is (how) an 1 South Melbourne club playfellow Nature is a oath Melbourne, result 0 1 111 1 win for south Melbourne 1 I ii by seven games, beoro-Hvailsaml Smith (VA as it J and) both) 15th 10 and were beaten) sort 1 all I Stalin,' by 15 to 14 I after an 1 sum Ion (W ) were beaten by H 'Snell (sub ) and Stirling- bills to II and In I and D Bobby 1 to 12 I h t til scales were Wanderers 44 south Mill ourne 06 