EXTENSION OF ST. FRANCIS XAVEER'S CATHEDRAL. Since 1840, when the first Roman Catholic clergyman arrived in the colony, the number of adherents of the Church has steadily increased, and perhaps no better illustration of the numerical strength the body has attained could be given than the scene witnessed on Sunday afternoon, November 7, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the extension of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral Shortly after 3 o'clock several hundred" persons were present to witness the ceremony, which was inaugurated by the formation of a procession in the Church, composed of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide (the Rev. C. A. Reynolds, B.D.), the Vicar-General (Archdeacon Russell), and the leading clergymen of the body, acolytes, choristers, &c.; The Bishop was arrayed in the gorgeous robes of his sacred office,, and as the procession left the Church and wended its way to the eastern side of the edifice the scene was an impressive one. The choir chanted the liturgy of the Blessed Virgin. On arriving at the stone Dr, Reynolds was met by Mr. A. A Fox, M.P., who presented to the Bishop a handsome trowel made of Silverton silver with aBurra malachite handle, chastely worked, and containing the following inscription:—"Presented to the Right Rev C. A. Reynolds, D.D., Bishop of Adelaide by the Building Committee on the occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of the enlargement of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, being the fourteenth anniversary of his consecration to the See of Adelaide. November 7, 1886." The BISHOP said—My dearest friend, I accept with no ordinary degree of pleasure this instrument, which I am to use in laying the corner-stone of the extension of our Cathedral Church. It is indeed a source of great pleasure to me to be engaged in a work so auspicious as this on the anniversary of my consecration. Please say to the gentlemen who deputed you to present to me this trowel that I shall preserve it with the greatest regard all the days of my life, and I shall take measures to have it placed in the archives of the diocese as a testimony to my successors of the devotion of the Building Committee of this Church. I earnestly pray that God's blessing may be upon you, and on this occasion I cannot but repeat the words of my oredecessor, that when Bishop, priests, and people are united there is no such word as impossible. I have no words to express my sense of gratitude to you for your kindly remarks. The usual ceremony for the laying of a foundation- stone was then proceeded with. The Litanies and Psalms S3, 86, 126, aud 50 were chanted, and Dr. Reynolds marked with the sign of the Cross all sides of the stone and solemnly bleEsed it, concluding, " I declare this stone duly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." A document containing iniormation regarding the ceremony was placed in a bottle under the stone, as well as a medal of the reigning Pontiff, current coins, and a historical sketch of the Church in the colony, and copieB of the Adelaide daily newspapers and the Cat/tolic Monthly. The document was as follows :— "To the Great and Omnipotent God.— This first stone of the extension of the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier was solemnly blessed and laid by Christopher Augustine Bishop of Adelaide on the 7th of the Ides of November, the 14th anniversary of his consecration, the year of our Lord, 1886, being the ninth vear of the Pontificate of our Most Holy Father Leo XIH., by Divine Providence Pope, the jubilee year of our Most Gracious Majesty Victoria I., Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and of these dependencies, her vice-regent being W. C. F. Robinson, Kt., in the presence of a great multitude of the faithful in Christ. O sacred heart of Jesus, bless and direct this work and bring to a happy conclusion that which we have begun in Thy name." There were attached the Archbishop's name, and the names of members of Buildiog Committee. The BISHOP, in the course of an eloquent sermon, said that it waB not requisite to God that they should erect a temple for His worship, but it was necessary to themselves that they should make a sacrifice in His name. He then stated that the Church in the colony was young in years, not yet having attained its j ubilee, but young as it was it had a history. God forbid that on so auspicious and joyous an occasion he should allude to anything that would hurt the feelings or cause pain to any one, but he thought it right to trace the career of the Church. In was in 1839 when the voice of Christ reached the Venerable Apostolic Vicar of New Holland, John Bede Holding, telling him that nearly 500 Christians of the Church were in the colony with none to break to them the bread of life. They said that they had no one except a layman to assist them when they were dying, and they had none to baptise their children or solemnize and bless their marriages. They prayed him to send them a priest, as many of them were simply married by the civil Registrar. i hey wanted their unions blessed and accorded the sacred rites of the Church. The Apostolic Vicar heard the voice, and sent his own Vicar-General, afterwards ruling the See of Birmingham, Dr. Ellortham, to take charge of the Church in the new land. He came and presented his credentials to the then Governor, but was told that he would not be received because he was a Papist priest. The then Governor, however, little knew the man he had to deal with. He was a legalized officer of the Crown, for be was sent out by William IV. to report on the scandalous persecutions of a previous Governor of New South Wales. He demanded an audience, got it, and told the Governor his duty, and that he had a right to receive him as an official of the Crown. The Commissioner of the day refused him a schoolroom (although it was unoccupied on that Sundayand had been given to every other denomination) because he was the representative of the Pope of Rome. To his credit then came forward a Mr. Neale, an honest, liberal Protestant gentlemen, who, disgusted at the narrowminded individual, said if some members of the Church would stack up his crockery ware, theyconli have the use of his store, which would accommodate 200 people. In that store divine worship was held. It was now a bakehouse, but that store would linger in the memory of every Catholic in the Diocese as the first place where worship in accordance with the Holy Church was first held. The Apostolic Vicar worked hard, and shortly afterwards the Rev. Father Trenton came from Tasmania. Fatner Colton, of Sydney, was the next to vieit tbe colony and went to Mount Barker, where he baptised ten children. Subsequently, Dr. Bonney, tbe first Bisbop ol Perth, paid a visit to Adelaide on his way to take charge of his diocese. In 1842, Father William Benson was sent to take care of the young. He was followed by the first Bishop, who held service in the old brewery in Piriestreet, which was then known as Welsh's More. That store had long since passed out of their hands, as it was only leased, and it was occupied for & very diiferent purpose at the present time. Subsequently a site on West- terrace was secured, ana St. Patrick's Schoolroom was erected. It served a double purpose, being used as a schoolhouse during the week and a Church Oil Sunday. A few months previously the Bishop had laid the foundation-stone of the first Church in the colony, the mother Church of the diocese, St Mary's, at Morphett Vale. The Church there went on. It had many struggles and much to contend with, but there was great room for praise throughout it all. When the gold mines were discovered in Victoria and the colony was almost depopulated, it was a crucial time for the Church, but the people returned to the colony, and the first use they made of their money was to erect a Church, and that site was secured by Dr. Backhouse, acting on behalf of the Bishop. At that time Mr. Leigh, the great benefactor of the Diocese, became a Catholic. He had always considered it his first duty to give a tithe of his possessions to God, and when he bgcame a Catholic he gave the plans of a Church which he had intended for a Protectant edifice. He al«o •gave £2,000, £1,000 of which allowed of the completion of the Chinch at West-terrace and the remainder of the Episcopal residence. It was fonnd tkat the plans of the Church were unsuitable for the foundations, and the late Edward John Peake was commissioned to obtain an architect in Eaeland to-draw up pUins of abaiWin S that would be suitable to the founaaiicr s ; hence the small size 9f the Catholic Cathedral of Adelaide \et it was a great undertaking for the T l f y ^amiIiar with the history of the Church in Adelaide since then, and the work that had been done since hig consecration fourteen years ago He did not want to say anything that would sound like self-glorification, but the work had been hard and much had been accomplished. When it had been decided to extend the Cathedral to meet the call for room in the building, a meeting was held and offerings were asked for. That appeal wa 8 nobly responded to, no less than £2,500 beini received in cash and promises. He again appealed to them to lay their offerings on the stone. He knew tkeir generosity, and was wuteson* tkat if the building was not opened free of debt, very little would remain unpaid on it. He urged them to give according to their means, the rich out of their abundance the poor what they couJd spare. God did not look at the amount, he looked at the inteDti0n ™ 80 Donations were then placed on the stone Dr. Reynolds commencing with a donation of £100, acd reading a tele gram from Father Prendergast, prom s- ipg another £100. The appeal for ^becjiptions was most literally responded to, a the amonnts varying from £i0 to a few shillings, the total for the day reaching £98"i. The following is a description of the new part of the building, for which tenders will be received until Friday next. The addition is only part of the work towards the completion of the Cathedral. It will include the extension of the eastern aisle. The present eastern wall is to be removed, and the width of the aisle increased by 16 feet. With this increased width the present lean-to roof if extended would have come too low, and, therefore, a new style of roof will be adopted. The aisle will now be covered with small pitched roofs, with gables hipped against cleve story walls. The extension will include two new confessionals. In place of the present lady Chapel a small new lady Chapel will be provided at the end of the new aisle. In the new eastern wall there will be two large and three small windows, all double lights, and five rose windows in the gables. They will be frilled with zinc forms and glazed with rough Cathedral glasses of different tints. The windows will have small engaged columns on the j irnba and mullions. The heads have sunk arches and moulded labels over. The small windows are over the confessionals, and a new doorway near the south end. A small temporary porch is provided at the north end. On account of the damp the new floor will be of slate carried on small dwarf walls with air spaces between, which will prevent any damp. The guttering in the roof running across the aisles is a new idea. A set of double gutters is provided, so that in case of that which is in general nse becoming choked the water will have another outlet. This is the idea of Mr. Woods, who has put it into practice at Parliament House and the Lnnatic Asylum. The sketch-plans for the alterations to the Cathedral were prepared by Messrs. Pagin & Pagin, of London, but it has been found necessary to depart from them in some respects. The working drawings and specifications are the work of Mr. E, J. woods, under whose supervision the work will be carried out. 