ORDINATION AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAD. One of the most solemn and impressive ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church the ordination of a priest—took place in St, Patrick’s Cathedral yesterday, when the Rev. John Shine received ordination. Avery large_ congregation assembled. There was Pontifical-High Mass, the celebrant being his Lordship -the Bishop; Very Rev. Dean Hoyne, assistant priest; Rev. Dr O’Gara, 0.5.8.,. deacon, and Rev. Joseph F. Rogers, sub-deacon. The ordination was held during the celebration of Mass, and was conferred upon the Rev. Mr Shine by the bishop, assisted by Dean Hoyne. During the ceremony, which was performed in accordance with the ritual of the church, young priest, who was vested in the ordinary sacerdotal vestments—except that chasuble was folded up until after the ordination—repeated the words of the various parts of the mass in an audible manner after the bishop. After making a profession; of faith, the Rev. Mr Shine was then ordained, receiving at the same time the apostolic commission to go forth and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the.Fatlier,, and of the Son, and of the. Holy Ghost. The choir, under the conductor, Mr "R. Wrigley, rendered Mozart’s “Twelfth MaSs;” At the offertory the “ Ave Maria ” was sung, and ' during the ordination; the' Vein Sa&cte; hpinlus. Before mass, - while the bishop was vesting, the choir rendered the l r e Dtum. The Rev. Joseph F. Rogers preached on the occasion, taking: for his text the following words-, from St.; Matthew; xvi, i: 18, 19 1— : “ Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I • will build;my church, and the gates of hell , shall not prevail against it. Aud I will give ito thee the keys of the of Heaven’and whatsoever thou shall bind on earth it shall be bound also in Heaven; and whatsoever thou shall loose on earth it shall be also loosed in: Heaven.” The rev. gentleman commenced by remarking: that it might be considered : at first that there was no connec tion with the ’ text which he had chosen and the ceremony which had just taken place; but he considered there was ;an. intimate connection. , Father Rogers then traced the; history of Papacy from the earliest times, showing how the popes had acquired their temporal possessions. These were the free gifts of the several, nations which the popes had protected from the incursions of the barbarous liordes—the Huns, the • Van dals, and the Goths, when the Emperor; of the East at Constantinople could not, ;or would not, render them any assistance. The title of the popes to their temporal possessions dated further back than any other dynasty in Europe or, perhaps, in the world, they having held them for 1100 years. This title too was not acquired by the usual means of ra pine and bloodshed. It was the free gift of the various nations who had received protection from the popes. In recent years they had seen how the Holy Father had been despoiled of his patrimony. It was prophesied at the time by the euemies of the Church that the end of the papacy was drawing nigh. But those pro phets must have been confounded when they witnessed one of the greatest statesmen of the age, after vainly endeavoring to persecute the Church, submitting to the Holy Father. They had also lately seen how two great nations—one of them a Protestant nation— had referred the settlement of a dispute re garding territory to the present Pontiff, LeoXIIL, and how they both bowed to his decision. The rev. gentleman then referred to the great learning, piety, and zeal of the present illustrious Pontiff, who seemed to have been raised up by the Almighty as a beacon in these days. When the Holy Lather had been despoiled of his patrimony by Victor Emanuel, that King promised to grant him an anaual allowance, but his Holiness refused to receive such assistance, preferring to rely upon the bounty of his children throughout the world. Father Rogers, after explaining that the amount contributed by the faithful in Peter pence was devoted by tiie Holy Father, not to his own personal wants merely, which were very small, _ but to the support and establishment of religious houses, and for the mainten ance_ of those bishops who had been deprived of their sees, concluded an elo quent sermon by exhorting them to con tribute liberally on this occasion, it being the jubilee year of the Holy Father’s con secration to the priesthood. A collection was then made, the amount of which ex ceeded that usually received on similar occasions. It may be mentioned that the Rev. Father Shine is a native of the County Tipperary, Ireland, and will celebrate his first mass on Tuesday next at the cathe dral. In the evening there were pontifical vespers, his lordship the bishop officiating. The Rev. Dr Garvey’, of the Benedictine Order, belonging to the diocese of Auckland, preached an eloquent sermon, taking his text from St. Luke x. 37—“And Jesus said to him, go, and do thou in like mauner.” The rev. gentleman spoke at some length on the virtue of fraternal charity, and the necessity of performing good works. Faith alone would not gain eternal salvation. Referring to the appeal in behalf of the Holy Father, Dr O’Gara said they had now a great opportunity in the call made by the supreme Pontiff, through theirbeloved bishop, of practising this virtue of charity. Should not the children of the island of saints in Australia show the same devotion to the Holy See that their aucestors exhibited 1 In spite of all their persecutions, the sons of St. Patrick were the brightest jewels in the crown of Peter. The rev. gentleman con cluded a powerful appeal by calling on the congregation to contribute liberally to the Holy L’ather. A collection was afterwards made. 