THE . ïkttiifâuTt} Clpnirle. THE FARMERS' ADVOCATE. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER G, 1SS6. POLITICAL PROFLIGACY. \- I IF the excited harangues of frothy parti zans could convince, or the sensatioual articles of subservient newspapers be relied upon, the neutral citizen could hardly help believing that the Parliament was the vilest collection of monsters unhanged, or that a very large majority of the electors were opposed to both Ministry and Parliament. We believe neither ; and although it is possible that we are in a minority in Windsor, we do not think, if put to the test, that a majoruy would be found to condemn the present Parliament so bitterly as some people imagine. Can it be said that five or six thousand persons in Sydney re- present the opinions of the country; suppos- ing, even, that fifty thousand citizens of Sydney, engineered by professional agitators, excited by a money grubbing newspaper syndicate, and moved, generally, by an ambitious political schemer, were in favour of a change of rulers, will anyone be so childish as to suppose that the PEOPLE speaks through them ? We doubt, muchly, whether there is a fourth of the electors ot' Sydney who will endorse one half of what is said o? either Parliament or Government at these '* indignation" cieetings or by tho Sudney Daili/ Tcleiraiih. There may be, it is true, a very large number of the electors of the colony who think that a new Parliament is desirable, if there was any degree of certainty that better men would be returned in placo of those who now form the Parliament of the colony, and who would gladly see a fresh set of men at the helm. But decent men. who are not actuate! by the rancour of party and tho bitterness of bigotry, would rather abide by the ills they have than fly to others far worse-ia tho words of a Southern contemporary, we " infinitely prefer thc Devil we know to any con- glomeration of imps on the other side." Men must be fools indeed who give ear to the vapid rot uttered by Sj'dney stump orators, or tho hysterical hog-wash of the howling dervishes who run the alien rag of King-street. Such sensational rubbish as "Protectionist conspiracy," "Parliamen- tary corruption," " Ministerial burglaries," simply reveals the existence of ono great conspiracy at work to put in power tho most insincere politician New South Wales ever knew. Tho charges levelled at the present ! Ministry, or the Parliament that support them by good majorities, recoil upon those who make them. It is said that the JENNINGS Government obtain majorities bv j corruption, and when men say this they ¡ ought to know something of their own knowledge. It is a very easy matter for any one to suppose that all Governments obtain their majorities in the same way no great stretch of tli9 imagination is re- quired to believe it of any Gov. r,. ;m.ut or any Parliament. Two wrongs d'- :.->r ¡ and accusations are made as we heat ol ul some of these Parkesian meetings- taking the cue from a section of the Sydney press-it is quite in order, we think, to compare one thing with another ; the present with the past. The assumption is that those members of Parliament who have supported the JENNINGS Administration have been bought by the promise of a railway, or something of equal value and importance to their constituents. Certainly the STLWRT-DIBHS Government did go in pretty heavily in this direction some two years ago-though the favours were to be pretty equally divided among the several great divisions of the colony. But few, however, of the proposed lines have been constructed yet -and probably will not be for many a year to come- that is. if the temper of our colonial Peers continues the same. The lines com- pleted during the present Administration, were most of them began, or planned, by former Governments - notably the line from Homebush to Waratah, a creation of a Government of which Sir HENRY PARKES was the head, ^.nd which lias been con- demned over and over again-particularly by people in this electorate. Neither the STI-AKT Ministry nor the present Ministry bad anything to do with extending the great western line beyond Dubbo, or that biggest of all big jobs, tin line to Mudgee \- and if both those extensions wore not bribes to squatters wo don't understand the meaning <'f the word. Neither had the present Ministry anything to do with the Illawarra line-mach as the late Sir ALEXANDER STUART maj' have boori person- ally interested therein. Sir HENRY PARKES, it is true, was not at first favourable to the line, but when he b 'came interested in some land beyond, he had no objection to it then, or even to its extension still further in the direction of his own property. Then the present Miuis'ry-corrupt as tliey are said to be by a combination of rabid Free-traders, bigots, and disappoin- ted place-seekers-had nothing to do with the deviation of the Western line, out of its true course, in order to go by vay of Ironbarks; nor did they construct a jack-ass line to Camden Park ? Why, if necessary, we could go back a long way in our railway history, to show how the thing has been worked by all Ministries-or rather, how that have been worked - even before Sir HENNY PAHK.ES' time. It is a matter of history how tho Southern line was cork- screwed from Campbelltown to Picton in such a disgraceful manner, that people wondered why the ghost of Sir THOMAS MITCHELL did nor, rise and protest against it. When Sir THOMAS surveyed his road from Campbelltown by way cf Menangle and Douglas Park to Picton, he said, " Along this ridge the railway will come some da}'." But self-interest spoilt Sir THOMAS' prophecy ; the lino shou!d have gone along his rotd, but it did not: other people took care of that. Sir HENRY PARKES and Sir JOHN ROBERTSON are both patriots. Oh, yes, j very much so ! The country gave one £10,000 the other day for his patriotism in getting his " little line" carried through to his " first love"-a line which JOHN MCELIIONE said would not pay for axle grease; which wo certainly believe, in spite of Mr. Eu WARU CLARKE, who seems to hold a brief for tho district ; and by and bye, when the other patriot shall have eclipsed even STUART, DIBBS and Co. at railway j making, his worshippers (or rather tho county) will hand him a cheque for twice ! the amount. ] Oh, its all for love of eouutry, that we don't pack the Government offices with PARKESES, MURRAYS, ABIGAILS, and LLOYDS, in imitation of the ARBOTTS and DIBBSES. Poor Sir PATRICK: JENNINGS, too, eannot escape the awful odium of having found employment for his coachman. Years ago, when a much more distinguished knight than Sir PATRICK was Premier, we remem- ber a stage coach driver being made guard of the Southern goods train ; the man was thoroughly useless-necessarily so, for he had had no experience-and another new chum was sent wirh him to assist-in doing nothing ; for all either one of them could do was to hold their lamps, while the porters at the stations di 1 tho work. We mention this fact to show that it is quite in ordnr, according to precedent, fora Premier to find a billet for Iiis coachman. Of course. Sir ITENRY PAHKKS is too digni- fied to stoop to such small matters : but then Sir ITENRY'S colleagues have not been so sensitive (or conscientious, which ?) and we can remember very well, when tho " Three Johns" bossed tho Railway De- partment ; of course, so great a man as Sir HESHY PAUKVS, either as Premier or Colonial Secretary, knew nothing of these things. Not a bit of it ! Anyhow, to revert to our text ; we are by no mea ns satisfied tliat the present Parliament is j much worse than other Parliaments ; for somehow or other, we aro under the im- pression that the seat of au unpaid m^mher of our Parliament has always been worth more than £.300 a year to him-so that payment uf mnmb^rs would actually be a saving to the country. As for tho Ministry being corrupt ; let us look at the matter, and discuss tho probabilities (or improba- bilities). We'll take tho Premier first : Now we suppose Sir PATRICK JENMVGS is about as independent a man, financially, as any mau in the colony-at any rate, we don't sup- pose tho banks have muck of a grip upon his stations ; both Mr. COPELAND and Dr. KENWICK aro mon of considerable means ; we know Mr. SUTTOR is, and Messrs. DIHBS, FLKTCUER, and GARVAN are by no means so impecunious as some Pi emiers wo have known ; while Dr. MACKELLAR and Mr. WANT should be in very comfortable cir- cumstances. Now we ui-iy take these niue gentleman, and they will compare very favourably as regards wealth, with any Ministry since responsible Government. Neither Sir HENRY PARKES nor S-ir Joux ROBERTSON have over been blessed with an abuudauee of riches-however, that is what their friends say ; Mr. G. A. LLOYD has been continually under a shade, and Mr. GARRÍ TT'S imnecuuiositv has been chronic. Mr. WISDOM has always be-m a poor maa ; Sir A. STUART laboured uuder the same disadvantage, so his friends say -- iu fact, most all Ministries in New South Wales have had a pretty full complement of ueedy men. There have been exceptions, we know, but on the whole, we believe that collectively, the present erowd is about *hc i >-r .¡...urtibiy oJ. ol any. I No . ve arc not going m¿ s-y that a ? ! '..Mns-i-.- .vu»/ liv.» --.my" his screw to live j i -r-'-'n must necessarily be prone to dishonesty and c uruption, any more than a wealthy man ; but when men live by their wits and are notoriously involved in all directions, keen business men -in fact, the world-are apt to be sus-.icious of them ; at any rate, the cry of corruption comes with very bad grace from iliem. lt was only the o'.her week a satirical Sydney weakly dre-v attention to the fact t li ii t ni'st of tile Premiers of New South \\\ ales had been insolvent - at one time or another-but oí al! the cruwd, Mr. G. R. DiC;;^ i' ;ii the only one who hi l paid Iiis en-dit »rs in full. Tais is o ie (JQÜ:1 point, at any rate, and '.f we are to believe Mr. A. G. TAYI.OII and «8 do believe him verv mi:C:0 ¡ Mr. Diuns has other pood points-at a:.y j I rite, it is the Mudgee man's opinion th st j Cr r. o KG E is " worth a ton of tiio i ti s ¡ _?? ' ! : fi e «nt j iiisí-ct* "¡'O llave lately been buzziug irs j def.unily." If aims«' will he.p to gi«re n j m in a name, Mr. DiBns shoti' 1 he ri?uii'in bjred in X -w S >'itti Wales when every other <_rhost in it has ce ts-.-d to w dk-even the Ki ¡ma gh »sf. Sir HENRY PAR SC KS has been considerably abused in his time, but Mr. Di»B5 carnes off with, tenfold honour-. B t\h of these gentlemen are hirr inön, physica'ly, arni both are decidedly what m iv ne ea 1 : eil strong men. Let us corni) are their works- f course, we .shall be I iUjhe-1 at, but tile insects who buzz may lan i'i 'ii they buril, in welcome. Sir H EV RY PARKES lias been-as tie so olten 'ak«'-, pic i-ure ia telina us-longer a Mi i-tcr of the Crown than any ether man in New S mtii Wales - evoi Somier tuan his brother p itrio*, Sir Jonx RoBEiiT ON ; a: d he made himself Tamo is bv giving the people nf Ne«' South Wale- an Education Act, winch, with a little car« ful nursing, will eveiruiily cook the colony's financial uoose -it I as not qoite arrived at I that Uiii.t vet-as it absorb-, OH'« a twelfth cf tlie entire revenue, though at tlie steadv r-ite of prepress ic is making, in ;i very few vears time it will absorb the whole. One half the people -men, women, and children, will lie going to schuo', the othtr half «id h* emploved in teaching, truant inspecting, and building schools. Sir HEVRY'S other sreat work was tho " Municipalities Act of I8o7" \- a -work distinguished by so much ambiguity, that tl ere is scarcely an Alderman in the country linderst .mis it. These are Sir HiA'Eï I'AUKES' famous works ; ins infamo-as works ure in greater numbír. and wi.l enable bis ghost to keep comp inj- with Mr. DIGBS' f r a good spell. It is .din isl needless to renn.id our re iders of (he O'Farrell business, and the dignified part acted by the Colonial Secretary ol ihe day ; the episode of the Chief Justic< ship. Butler v. Martin, or the many strange and peen iar things in which this astute gentleman has been the principal actor. Of course, lots of people g.-unmon to forget all these things-? !or .Sir Henry is a fortunate man-fortunate in securing the co- operation ol the bigots of the country, and also, when it suits them, the support of the monied men. Of'course they throw bim over when it sui s them, just as Ac bas thro vn over bis best friends. lt is nut always convenient, even to a millionaire, to chuck away j£500 at a tims in loans-jveu for a serv.ee rendered. Mr. Dibbs' political career is short com- pared to that of the member for St. Leonards. We first remember Mr. Dibbs taking part in a meeting at tue Temperance Hal!, Sydney acting in concert with the Lite Sir Alexander Stuart-to protest against the "liberation of that arch miscreant, Fra-ik Gardiner, who. Sir Henry Parkes, then Premier, was about to release upon society. Mr. Dibbs did not, however, enter Parliament for some years after that, though he wa3 not long in the House before he proved himself an able man. To come nearer the present time: Mr. Dibbs' great srork, in our estimation, was cutting the claws of the big man who run the premier bank of the colony; and it would have been a good thing for the colony had Mr. Dibbs been Treasurer twenty years ago to carrv out the grand suggestion of Mr. Greo ffre y Eagar to establish a national Hank, which would have kept both money an 1 land in the hands of the people, instead of as now, the Banks j having neaily all the station property in tho colony in their clutches. Mr. Dibbs was b )th a strong a id a courageous man to take the stand he did against a colonial syndicate ¡ of money lenders, and with snell a man at the head «if affairs, and a Puliament com- posed of other material than banK share- holders, land jobbers, squatters, ami greedy c onmercial men, the country would have been savfid from its present distressing con- dition. With such assemblies of men as wo have had, it has been simply impossible that anv TreaiUrer could impose just taxation Suit- able to the country-aod no man knows that better than Sir Henry Parkes hiuisv'f ; at anv rate, when his old colic igue brought forward a bona-fide fiscal scheme, the astute politician joined with Protectionists in de- feating the proposals-just as grce ly tuen, two years before, combined together to defe .t similar proposals of Mr. I).bbs. Sir Henry Parkes, just now, i> the hero of the Iiotu.4 bigoirv wants him, -reed » ants Whether as the champion of Frec-tra ie, the high priest of (Jiangei-ni, or the genius ?. f a pseudo secular system of education, he is as hollow as the wares of his own county town -be is ;ill laeqier and gilt, Brummagem in structure, and Brummagem i > detail. Yet this is tho man, thc Daily 'J\'!i </r,ip!i syndicate of cunning traders ami p.rsms (most holy alliance) seeks to se: up in our chief temple as their god-for really, moria] man was never so bes! ivered as ¡5:r If nrv Parkes is by the bigots ol X.w Sub Wales. We say, emphatic ail y, that the peo:>!o -if the colo a y do not won to see tho return of Sir Henry Parkes to power-much as they may wish to see a change. The Sydney Morning Herald-consistent aul trota ¡"ul. With a'.L its Conservatism, does not say so ; the country press scouts the idea, ,-:s we s.-e hy our contemporaries both. West and South, and even Sydney, the stronghold of extreme Fr. e-trade, of Orangeism, and Blue-ribbon ism, would, were a poll taken to-morrow, vote two to one against him. That is our opinion, notwithstanding fie C'amour and senseless screeching of a host of disappointed men who were ¡eft out in the cold at the last elec'.ion. If we say that a dissolution is desirable it is simp'y that it would sh >w these rabid i:,"'vi:Li.iis t.;:at th---;r lit :e g.fii-. 1« r. e.i "O i ntry u.t 'arge - O'iv. ? ^ ; = : . l-i u, "" ». « . .-i<.: .o, . . ? ^ " ' ! ul 9c<i unnecessary ex;: .-ndiCuro <-,f pub'ic money. It would be an insult to the Ministry, an injustice to the present Assembly and a lasting disgrace to the Governor «ere he, in a moment of weakness, to heed t!i3 clam »ur of a moa, who for the nonce, ur¿ pleased to .styie the uselves the i people. 