Beware of Snakes! FRANK BUCKLAND AND THE COBRA BITE. The following is an account of how Frank Buck) land, the great naturalist, was on one occasion bitten by & cobra, aad nearly lost nis life. The incident occurred in the Zoological Gardens, London. '1 once had painful experience,' said Frank Bucklanuj ' of the awful effects of snake's poison. I have I* . ceived a dose of the cobra's poison into my wytttBiiL luckily a minute dose, or I should not have survive^ it. The accident happened in a curious way. I was poisoned by the snake, but not bitten by aim; A got the poison secondhand. Anxious to witness thtt effects of the poison of the cobra upon a rtAi I took up a couple in a bag alive to a certain cobra.) I took one rat out of the bag and put fri™ into tbejj cage with the snake. The cobra was coiled ira among the stones in the centre of the cage* apparently asleep. When he heard the noise of tawj . rat falling into the cage, he just looked up and putt out his tongue, hiflriTig at the same time. The xa» got into a comw and began washing Wmwiitfj keep- ing one eye on the make. Presently he ran acros^ the snake's body, and in an instant the lattes assumed his fighting attitude. As the zab passed the snake made a dart, but, -miBinngt his aim, hit his nose a pretty hard blow against the side of the cage. This accident, seemed to anger him, for he spread out his crest, and . waved it two and fro in the beautiful manner peou-i liar to his kind. The rat became alarmed, and ran,' near him again. Again the cobra made a dart aad/ hit him, but did not, I think, inject any poison intagi him, the rat being so very active ; at least no symp-tt tons of poisoning were shown. The bite, neverthe-j less, aroused the ire of the rat, for he gathered himself* up for a spring, and, measuring his distance, sprang^ right on to the neck of the cobra, who was waving about in front of him. This plucky rat, determined toj die hard, gave the cobra two or three severe bites in they - neck ; the snake keeping his body erect all the time/; and endeavoring to turn his head round to bite the ( Tat, who was clinging on, like the old man in * Siad-o oaa tne Bailor.' soon, however, the cobra cnangea;; his tactics. Tired, possibly, -with sustaining thai weight of the rat, he lowered his head, and the rat: finding himself again on terra firma, tried to run.! away ; not so, for the snake, collecting all his force, * brought down his erected poison fangs,' wuJring his . head felt by its weight in giving vigor to tho': - blow, right on the body of the rat. TMspoor4' beast now seemed to know that the fight was over, and that he was conqnered. He retired, to a corner of the cage, and began panting violently, endeavoring at the same time to steady his failing^ ' strength with his feet. His eyes were widely dilated,! and his mouth open as if gasping for breath. The cabra Btood erect over him, hissing1 and putting out his s tongue, as if conscious of -victory. In about three minutes the rat fell quietly on his side and ex pired. The cobra then moved off and took no further notice of bis defunofc enemy. About 10 minutes afterward, the rat was hooked out of the cage for me to examine. No external wound conld I see anywhere, so I took out my knife and began taking the skin off the rat. I soon dis covered two very minute punctures, like small needln holes, in the side ef the zat where the fangs «f tha snake and entered. The parts between the skin and the flesh, and the flesh itself, appeared as though affected with mortification, even though the wound had not been inflicted above a quarter of «ji hour, if eo much. AnxiouB to see if the skin itself was affected, I scraped away the parts on it with my finger nail, finding nothing but the punctures, I threw the rat away, and put the knife and skin in Jay pocket, and started to go away, I had not walked a hundred yards before, all of a sudden, I felt just as ] if somebody had come behind me and struck me a; severe blow on the head and neck, and at the samal time I experienced a most acute pain and sense of j oppression at the chest, as though a hot iron had| been run in and a hundredweight put on the top of it«4 I knew instantly, from what I had read, that I was ? poisoned. I said as much to my friend, a rnostm-j t&Iligent; gentleman, who happened to be with me,j and told him, if I fell, to give me brandy and eau- de-'j luce, words which he kept repeating in case hs might! forget them. At the same time I enjoined him to j keep me going, and not on any account to allow me| to lie down. I then forgot everything fox several! minutes, and my friend tells me 1 rolled about as if j very faint and weak. He also informs me that the4 first thing I did was to fall against him, asking him,-; if I looked seedy. He mosttwisely answered, ' No,tj you look very well.' I don't think he thought so, forj bis own face waslas white as a ghost ; I recollect this? much. He tells me my face was of a greenish yellow* color. After walking, or rather staggering along,; for some minutes, I gradually recovered my senses, and steered for the nearest chemist's shop. Bushing in, I asked for eau-de-luce. Or course he had none, but my eye caught the words; spvritus ainmoniae, or hartshorn, on a bottle. I: reached it down myself, and pouring a large quantity, into a tumbler with a little water, both of which, articles I found on a sodawater stand in the shop, drank it off, though it burnt mj mouth and lips very j much. Instantly I felt relief from the pain at thai chest and head. The chemist stood aghast, and on] my telling him what was the matter, recommendedi a warm bath. If I had then followed his advice.1 these words would never have been placed on record.] ' After a second draught at the hartshorn bottle, Is proceeded on my way ^feeling very stupidaad confused.'; On arriving at my friend's residence, close by, he^ kindly procured me a bottle of brandy, of which I; drank four large wine-glasses one after the other, but did not feel the least tipsy after the operation.' Seeling nearly -well, I started on my way home, and/, then, for the first time, perceived a most acute pain:,; under the nail of the left thumb; this pain also raaj up the arm. I set to work to suck the wound, andi th™ found out how the ooison had sot into the»J system. About an hour before I examined the dead; rat, I had been cleaning the nail with a penknife, andi had slightly separated the nail from the skin beneath.? Into this little crack the poison had got when I waij scraping the rat's skin to examine the vronnd.' Hoff; virulent, therefore, must the poison of tha cobra be!j It already had been circulated in the tody of the rat, , from which I had imbibed it secondhand. ' 