MR. GARRETT ON THE DISSO LUTION. By Logos. In a recent issue of The Daily Teleyraph Mr. Thomas Garrott, M.P., advances tho constitu tional dictum that it is not iu tho power of tho Governor to dissolve Parliament except on the advice of liis responsible Ministors. At the eamo time he argues ihat the Governor may , ignore tho advice of thoso Ministers whom Par liament holds responsible, and grant a dissolu tion on tho advico of Ministers responsible to nobody. It will puzzle most pcrsous to follow the thread of constitutional logic enveloping this subtle paradox. The lirat proposition is that in the matter of a dissolution tho Governor has no prerogative distinct from that which he holds in relation to any ordinary questiou of Stato policy. Ho must be guided solely by tho advice of his Ministers. His Ministors now respousibly advise him on the authority of Parliament to rotain thorn in office, and Mr. Garrett's next proposition is that he has tho power to dismiss those Ministers iu tbe teeth of such advice and appoint others in : their stead. As far as it is in the power of language to embody a logical contradiction this is one. And what arc its sequences ? If the Governor i6 free not to take the advice of his present Mini sters in tho matter of a dissolution he is free not to take the advice of those who may suc ceed them. He dissolves Parliament under those circumstances on his own motion and by his own authority just ns much as if lie did it in tho first instance. His new advisers are merely the puppets of his own creation. Mini sterial responsibility is at an end. Its ghost has been substituted for its reality. Tho whole of this mistake arises out of con founding a dissolution of Parliament with a matter of State policy. It is obviously no such thing. Tho country is made responsible for uothiug by it. Hence the freedom of the Sovereign from tho restraint of Ministerial ad vice. To 'dismiss the responsible advisers upon whom Parliament fixes tho responsibility of Government, however, is quite another thing. That would be a matter of State policy. It would, in fact, mean tho Governor creating himself the State. Atul sco what might happen if Bach a thing were done. Supposiug Lord Carrington were to dismiss his. present Ministers aud appoint others in their stead to advise him to (dissolve Parliament. Pending the elections aud for some necessary time afterwards he would in matters of Stato policy be bouiid to act upon tbe advice of the new Ministry. They might represent a mi nority of tho country ; but if they advised him to call out tho military aud make a .demonstra tion against the Soudan Donkey, ho would be constitutionally bound to comply. Duriug their term of office they might commit tho State to auy responsibility. Then, if tho dismissed Ministers came back triumphant, if the country by returning those men as the only responsible advisers that it had coufidouce in, repudiated everything done during the interregnum, what would Lord Carringtou have to say of the responsibilities to which tho country hud beeu committed by Ministers whom it had never authorised to advise him.? We are reminded that thero are precedents which would support Lord Carringtou iu such a position. I am awurc of noue. Ministers have perhaps been dismissed in this way, but all was well, simply because all liappcucd to end well. Much is made of the celebrated precedent in the reign of George HE. It is, however, hardly analagousto the present case. Thero was a co alition Government, formed by Lord North and Fox immediately after the latter had declared iu public that if ever he could be persuaded to act with North he hoped the nation w ould brand his namo with " eternal Infamy." This confessedly iufainous coalition brought in a bill dealing with the government .of India, which although passed iu the Lower House by a majority which forms the prototype of ttie Jcn- niugs- Dibbs following, was defeated by the Lords. There was a deadlock in legislation, when George, who hated the coalition arbi trarily undertook to solve the difficulty by com manding them to deliver up tho 'seals, and in stalling Pitt in office. He did not do this for the purpose of making Pitt tako the responsi bility of dissolving Parliament. ' Pitt tried to work on with tho old House, but after being de feated upon tho Iudia Bill he appealed for a dissolution .and got one. As it turned out, the country wa3 almost unanimously in favor of Pitt's minority, aud this violent stretch of tbe constitution did no harm. At the same time had tho couutry gone the other way both the King aud Pitt would have found themselves iu a very awkward prcdica- meut. The latter would have very likely been impeached, but in this colony we have under no circumstances the power of impeaching a Minis ter. And that is all the more reason why Lord Carrington should avoid the highly unconstitu tional precedent under notice. I do not say that the country is with Jcnnings- DibbsiBin at tho present juncture. I believe the opposite is tho case. Lord Carrington, however, is not to be the judge of that. That prerogative be longs to the electors. His duty, if he reason ably believes that the couutry hi opposed to the Government, U to secure to the country tho exercise of its prerogative by dissolving Parliaucut aod asking to be furnished with a now set of responsible advisers. Tho proscut MiuUtry, iinding tholr advice in respect' to a dissolution disregarded, might or might not resign. I know of no constitutional necessity which would compel them to resign under such circumstances. A3 I havo have pointed out before, dissolving Parliament is not a matter of State policy, aud as the Governor is absolutely independent of their advice on the question, if they think his Excellency is mistaken, and the country is ready at once to couvitice lain of his mistake, it would bo tlioir duty to retain office pending the decision of the popular tribunal from which they havo received thoir responsibilities, aud to which alone they are bouud to surreuder them. If they should think fit to resign, it would bo the duty of the Governor to reque3t them to retain offico. pending the appointment of their successors, and to defer that appointment until tho popular verdict had bcen recorded. ..No doubt it would suit Mr. Garrett mid bis party to fight au election in the capacity of a Ministry much better than in tho capacity of nn Oppositiou. We all kuow tho advantage which the Government Bido noceasarily possesses in a general appeal to the country. At the same time, I do not believe that auy such advautage is required by the Oppositiou in the present emergency. And even if it wore, they would have no right to get it. I am not now apolo- ising for Jennings-Dibbssim, which I regard as the severest blight that baa ever fallen upon New South Wales politics. I am advocating souud constitutionalism and ut tho same time common air play. 