ZEvavellev, j In Its Riiiais. Almost six -hundred years beforo that Birth at Bathlehem whioh eivos modern timo its . index— namely, in 53*2 b c., tho year when the Istboiiin g-imcs weie restored — a oast .ol coloniets, swarming out of G^la, not very for off, founded Acragas, whioh after wards bccamo, as Pindar wroto, 1 tho moat beautiful oity of mortal?.' They could not have chosen a fairer Hput on an Kio coast oi una iair laiauu ui v Sicily, rich as it overywhero ia in loveliness and oharm. Broken and accentuated ground \- gave natural ramparts to tho oity and tho ma* jeBty of domination to tho temples; while the wido stretch of blue ecu in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to tho port, which opened it? gates to its friend* and shut them liko a trap against its foes. Jupiter and Minerva — ar; moro oorrcc'-ly, Z uu and Athene— wero the tutelary deities of the city. Tho one was Zeus Atabyriua, au awful form of Moloch ; tho other was tho wise grave god ~--Iess worshipped by tho IViodians at Lindus — from which oity came the original colonists of Gela, bringing their familiar diity with them. Wo have all heard' of Ptnlaris tbo tyrant of Acragas, with bis rod-hot brazen balls, in which ho roasted men alivo. But we do not all know that this was not only from wanton cruelty ; though, a3 with tho Inquisition of later times, much pc-rBonal hatred and malico might havo been more ~ mixed up with it ; but that it was also one form of religious superstition of the kind \- only too oommon in all failba. Greek feci* \- ing, however, did net tolerato human sacri fices. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, whioh at tho worst served afiowards for food, were offered to tho Rods, to gain favour or ward off puniehment. But save in very rare and exceptional in* stances, of whioh Iphigenia and her subse . qnent cult aro tho moat notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Pbalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly embellished the oity— always a claim on the gratitudo of citizens. Among other things, .ho built a templo to Jupiter Poleius, the 'founder of cities,' on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over* powering the older fane, is tho Christian church of Sta Maria dei Greoi. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whoso tomb is Btill to be seen, was tho real/ Btar of Acragas. He made that Greek luxury, a spaoious fish-pond ; he built tbo best of the temples, of which the ruins still remain to attrucS travellers from countries then un known, but now dominant, while all this ma jestio past is but a memory nnd a namo ; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, whioh perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that he possesses. Among others, he buiit the templn now called Juno Licinia; that is, tho same Juno as was worshipped at Lici num; as a modern Oatholio might dedicato a chureh to Sta Maria della Catena, or di ' Geeu, or della Picta, always tho eamo goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for thia templo that Zmxis paintod his \ famous picture ef Juno, taking for his models tho five most beautiful virgins of Acragas, and producing a mistcrpieco such as tho world had never seen before. But tho forces of nature, like tha passions of men, have no respect for works of art, whotber in paint or in stone. Earthquakes aud storms, winda, frost, and fire did their work* of destruction on all these splondid conceptions and perfect aohievaraonta of genius; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha ginian and Ii-raan had begun.. And now *e havo of Acragas, 4 the most beautiful city of mortals,1 only tbo uninteresting littlo town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the ancient \- temple?. But what ruins I Oat on the ed;*a of tho rook Gtands tbo beautiful and still perfeat skeleton of tho Temple of Cjncord. I1; needs no great ekotoli of fanoy to reconstruct the past, to repeoplo the void. to c*ll back from that dim and misty Hades where tho palo ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of thoso who onco filled tho temple with low, and light, and youth and beauty, with musio and Bong and tho fervent prayers of pious souls, asking tho benign Goddess of Poaco to shed hcrinQuenco over mon, and stay both war and slaughter. Tho beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymph* and; younger goddesses, soma sing ing, some playing, others bearing baskets fall of fruits and flowers— their Fofc feet falling in measured tread and tho rliyth mio swaying, of tbeir bodies making viaable , mu-ii tothecyeftho sla*oly mfitpns, grander and graver, the Junos, tho Dimeters com pleted, to whom lifo had brought its cares as \- well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the maidens and falling in love at . a glance, as love is kindled into flamo by a spark ; tho husbandn and tho elder fathers, occupied with things and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb boasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to tho slaughter as offerings to gods slow to save and quick to punish, as even tho gentle gods of Greeoe themselves were : — all file along tho paved road and up the marblo eteps, and range . thpmnnlvpR within tlio columned hall, whioh then had no Christian arches to block np tho space. The oymbals clash and olang : the shrill note of tho double pipo sounds far and .dear; and tho echoes of the sacred songs oome back from shaft to wall in a full diapa Bon of joyous melody. 'Who cannot bring baok that scone, as ho stands among . tho asphodels and violets, and forgets time and space in memory ? Father away is that Tomple of Juno Lacinia, ' already spoken of, where tho skeleton is by no means so perfcot as this, and whero the red hand of fire has left its orimson touoh on the old gray stones. Farther still arc the .joins of the Templo of Hercules, from whioh the infamous governor Ycrres, ho who was denotmced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to steal . tho magnificent bronzo statue of tho god ; acne?, ing hisslaves at night to prise down thu sacred icon ; but failing— as tho pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Horonles himself workeing through his tfligy — until tho horrified men of what was then Agrigehjum, no longer Acragas, and not yet ? Girgenti, rushed to tho resouo and delivered their dfeity from harm. And tbero is still more nndistinguishable chaos of the Templo of Jupiter — ruined beforo finished— whero tho groat caryatid lies prone on tbo greensward, like one of tho old gods despoilod of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only tho dim and ronghened outlines, but wanting all t^at mado the lifo and beauty of tho faith. Near to these confused rnins is tbo beautiful . little upright fragment of the Templo ol Castor and Pollux, .those twin'eons of Loda who- stand as the emblems of fraternal * fidelity. The air is full of old»wojrld memories, and Involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound wafted by strange singers aorojs tho. scented bean-fields— ' dear work-steads of the. hairy bees' — and shaken like perfumo from the flushed branohes of flowering fruit-trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. ' Bat their day is done. Their Templo is but « a hint, precious for architectural grace,' and beautiful in spite of its decay ; and thoy them self e^, this heroic pair, are as. dead as tho tho stone effigy lying prostrate on tho graias. Farewell, yea sons of Leda'—' Castor ot tholBwift steeds and awart Polydeuoes,' 'to ( whom all minstrels wero . dear/' u tho twain * that aid all mortals,'** 'the beloved pair,' 41 socconrera W- man in the very thrill of peril) and of horses maddened in the bloody press of bat|lo» and of ships that; defying the 0tara that' set and rise in heaven, have en eoantered the perilons breath of fitormB;1— farewell 1 The present has destroyed the past and Judrca has conquered Grceoo \ but. what (be world hAMoat ia rabstanco it still retains ' in spirit, nnd gratitudo for beauty may oat-' i livo belief in its divinity. ' I If Theocritus potvades all Sicily, Girgenti I is possessed by Empedooloe. -Clad in Ub I purple roba, orowned with laurel, ohod with golden sandals— -what was this man? W«iB l,o tho wiso measurer of mortal force, tho diligent observer and partial conquorer of naturo, somo aflirm him to have been? Was ho tho Eclf-eoneccrated seer and -myplio, sincero if also self deceived, who imagined moro than ho know, and who obscured his clearer'thouahts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was ho tho con PoiouS'charlatan who traded on men's crrdu lity and discounted thoir ignorance ? Who can say ? Ho, too, is ono of tlioec faces in tho clouds for -which each observer has a different form. r Bat whatever ho vw, ho was born f»n3 bred at Aoragas, tho beautiful city where tho gods were hou?ed in glory and j worshipped with fervour; 'and it was from tbero that ho set out to seek for immortality j in tho eternal fires of Etna. . j And now, what do wo find at tho modern town and station of Girgenti? A country 1 barren of trers bat fruitful in grain ; Holanrh as green with pprouting corn as English , fields soenting the air with petfumoalmost as rioh as that which steals from the Jessamine ani orango blossoms of tho high-walled i /gardens; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels I and violets, of borago and tha garden disos yellow cbrysonthomum, of fragrant herbs, and tho rarer'sorts of our wild-flowers at home — tracts where a botanist may spend his hours i in rejoicing. Loaving the country and going I into tho town, which is sot upon the high 1 rock dominating tho plain, we find but littlo beauty. Thp women no longer ' card tbo soft wool about thoir knees,' as in tho days of t*ic j proud Eunico, who refused to love at all that I dosperate Sirarotha who loved too much ; bnt I thoy are said to bo the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgontese ib to bo suro of heirs and tho tradi tional quiver-full. Tho chief object of interest in the town is of oourso tho Duomo or cathred j ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoisc3 mixed in with tho embroidery ; an engraved ivory Btaff, and two^ splendid monstrances— the ono of gold and j swells in I tbe form of a Eun rayed and banded ; tho i other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the centre. Tho plain^ white-washed ' oolumns dividing navo from ni3lo ngrco but ill 'with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or th6 bold carving of tho roof; and the echo -which seems to run round tho wall liko an invisible flamo was onco tho cause of more heart-burnings than the architect know when he struck by chance on that fatal anglo of inoidonco. If you are at Girgenti at Carnival timo and go to a vefflinoe or masked ball in tho theatre you will seo a little of Sicilian manners and something of Siciliau feeling. Among tho Savages and tho swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fiends, tho Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with moro vigour than grace in the jifatea, you will not see one woman. ^ The Sioiiian blood is - too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and thero still exist in these less vieited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclusion of women. In tho boxes, two female masks — tho only female masks in tho theatre — come down ever and anon, attended by their male oompanion, to cross the pfatca for such refreshments as aro to be found at the back of the stage. No one sneaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them : as do thoso half dozen Swallows who run in and onfc with short otepa and shrill ories, letting, fly live birds as a diversion the more. ^ Theso two bands aro evidently well known in tho place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which aro laughingly accepted, and they danca with less clumsiness and moro grace than the rest. Among tbo spectators in tho boxes are two or three oxquisito littlo mules of children. One curly.pated LouiB XIV., of perhaps the ripo ago of three, aftor making frantio efforts to ki*s papa with the intervening mask to prevent cjntact, . is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In ono it is tho centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men; for Italian men are liko women in their love of childron, and you will constantly seo the father performing what we consider to bn essentially womanly oflioes for a littlo ohild, while the mother stands by lookirg on complacently. Thoro is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whoso delight in his horns is suoh as one might havo expected from a youne; fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a la3t word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe. A few year3 ago, brigands might havo been found lurking behind tho fallen oolumns with the snakes and tha-lizards,and tho long gun handy. Now you havo only the Kzardp. Tho snakes havo been frightened away by the thror.g of visitors; o&rabinieri; keep evil disposed men in oheck ; and bri gandage, like tho old cult, has vanished into tho dust and vapour o| things past and dead. Tho editor feols lono and miserable When ho can find no joko that's eoissorablo Puck* 