V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Derby Day. Enormous Attendance. [Br Tbleobaph.] ■Mklbodesb. 8aturday. The* weather at Fiemington was hot ana dusty, with a strong north wind blowing, which was far from pleasant. The attendance was exceedingly large. The visitors from Government House arrived before the first race, and included Sir Henry Lcch and Lady Loch, Lord Carrington and Lady Casrington, Sir George Strachdn, Governor of Tasmania, and Sir Vm. Bobinson, Governor of South Australia, lie traffic was very heavy on the Fltmington road, and the trains from Spencer street station were well patronised. The late rains had made Fiemington and the surround ing country look beautiful. The running ground was in admirable order, and the im provements made on the course gave great satisfaction. It is calculated that there were close on 70,000 people present. The following are the results of the various events:— Melboubke Staees. 1} miles.—Isonomy (Quisn) Boolka (Olds), dead heat ; Bravo (Gallagher), 3. Time : 2 mins. 12J sees. After the last race of the day Isonomy and Boolka ran off, and Isonomy won easily. Hothah Handicap, 1 mile and a distance. Claptrap (Bamage), 1; Hexham (Huxley), 2 ; Lancer (F. Smith), 3. Time: 52} sees. Habxbtbxoxg Plate, 5 furlongs.—Hor ten6e (carried 14 lb*, penalty) (Camp bell), 1; Hunting Tower (Kelso), 2; Bedouin (Power), 3. Time: 1 min. 7J sees. The Debet.—Trident (Hales), 1; Cheeham (Robertson), 2; Aglaos (Power), 3. Other starters; Haddelina, Volcano, First Consul, and Kingfish. Betting: 2 to 1 on Trident, 5 to 1 Maddelina, 10 to 1 Volcano, 12 to 1 First Consul or Chesham 20 to 1 Aglaos. Kingfish, Chesham, and Aglaos were very troublesome at the post, whilst O'Brien got on very badlj with his horse—First Consul, and Volcano apparently was inclined to give trouble. At last a start was made with Aglaos next the sails, Volcano and Chesham next, and Madde lina on the outride. Chesham was fitst away, but Volcano took the lead, and Ches ham, Kingfish, Maddelina, Trident, and Aglaos together, with Firrt Consul last. Bounding the turn toward the river Volcano increased his lead to three lengths, whilst Ct&sham; lead Kingfish by two lengths with Slaidelina and Aglao3 a sliort distance bshind. Trident headed his horses by the river bend, and joining bis stable companion the pace was made fast, Kingfish joining White's pair. Voleano got in front passing the bridge, Hales earing off slightly, The former took Cheiham with him at a couple of lengths distance, about the same distance separating Cooper's chestnut from Kingfi-h Trident had been allowed here to fall behind, a length 6eparting him from Mandeline. who was followed by Aglaos and First Cocsul. Bound the bend Trident and Kingfirii changed places. H&ddelina; fell back three lengths behind Kingfish. At the abattoirs Volcano was still in tbe race, with Chesham a couple of lengths behind, and the favourite three lengths farther bick, but going easily. The fast running of Vole mo began to tell, and Kingfi-h dropped beck seven or eight lengths, Maddelina And Aglao3 together two lengths away, and First Consul in the rear. By the sheds Trident came a length nearer Chesham, who gained a little on Volcano, Kingfish being ./onr lengths b-hind, followed by Aglacs rjjtl Maddelina. From there into the straight Hiies pressed Trident and challenged Chesham. was coming at a great pace, Hales ranged cip alongside the chestnut, and together they 7&ced; almost neck and neck until half-way borne, then the favourite gradually got his nose past Bobertson's mount on the outride, increasing the lead gradually, and won by two lengths, both animaia being ridden out. Aglaos headed tbe beaten division, 10 lengths behind, the first pair followed at intervals by First Consul, Kingfish, and Maddelina, Vol cano noting as whipper-in. Time : 2 mins. 3S sacs. A telegram dated Monday states that Volcano cut out tbe running at a doaperato paoe, until he was under tbe bill, when, bugging the rails too closely, be struck them and cut bis shoulder and quarter and hart Ellis's knee. Chesbam. pulling double, then went to the front, and Volcano in falling back caused Trident to lose ground. It was hen sees that Hales was riding him for bis fe. The excitement then became intense, and load ories ware raised that the favourite was beaten. At the distance Robertson still had a strong pull on Chesham, but, answering gallantly from every whip .stroke, Trident caught him at the half distance, and Chesham tiring suddenly, the favourite won the ribbon by two lengths. Great excitement ensued and the horse and its rider wore reoeived with oheers, hats and handkerchiefs were waved in the air and the enthusiasm lasted for fully fivo minutes. That Trident is wonderfully game was proved by the fact that Hales was at him vigorously with the spurs for o .furlongs. Though the race looked faster than the Sydney Derby, it was one second slower, whioh was, no doubt, owing to a strong head wind that was encountered on the run home. Seujko Race, 7 furlongs.—Huron (Howie), 1; The Ghost (Gorry), 2 ; Stafford (Fiddes), 3. Xiine: 1 min. 9 sees. Oobtjeo Stakes.—Daystar, 1; St. John, 2 ; Hogmanay, 3. . j 