®n%iml Mttft. MODERN TIMES AND IMPROVE MENTS. Being gentle breathings by the Bight Honorable Sorlington Churlders, of Growl bury, Snapton, near Snarles. 'Not as. s profession/ said 8ir Surly, laying down hie newspaper and looking ateadiry at the Phantom, - No, certainly sot, i would not embrace thoDgh?««eadiog, spirit-rapping, nor even the more ie«pect able calling of fortune-telling by cards an) teacups, no, nor astrology, nor a f of the business akin to these, even in these * hard times,' no, not to have bishops go verfiore, and all manner of dignitaries for' my flunkey*, that f wouldn't. It's too silly, too xfery foolish, and thin, and ridi culous. I hate to be ridiculous; some don't. Then as to the digoatariea— why, you see, if they be mean' and make Tom Noddies of themselves it only denrades them, and doeea't elevate the other— buffoon, charlatan-, or knave of any sort whatsoever. No, I'd rather — I — well, go to The Terrace and ?herd with narrow foreheads' (metaphorically) than do such. Very disingenuous (and die-ingenious) w irk far a mere pocket-lining. Now, this _ sort of thing — this ghost bnainaaa. anirit eommoninn. itnali»«__ Kn» spare my arithmetic, these trades are legion, and may not be coun'et). All these, I say, have been overdone, aad 1 think it's doe to the The Bfc Boys of our cotmnon . humanity that some other pastimes, not quite so ioase and con temptible, angkt be foand for their (very lengtuy^Iayiioura, than waiting on cox combs and frnpoBtors, whose sole aim, as I sftidr is to make durable pocket-linings. 1 do-, indeed, Frances, they take more time, and less kings, bishops, governors, and senator? to plav in, so taey art less com mon. A* to this- fellow4 Said SFii' I ©ay r V at once 1 oou't for a moment believe no ever h«d any vision at all, or ever even had a dream like this, much less a trance ; nor do I believe hiai to be related to- the present thought-reader in vogue ; of coarse he may be ; but I think him an impostor whether or not. My belief is that our ' great Father placed us here under the in fiuuBnce of natural la»F( a-:d that these atone prevail on as, and affect oar career on earth. The rest is, between you and mer about as feasable as that the gheat ones of Tbe Terrace woald borrow money they didn't want at costly usury, and let it out at the lowest interest, with a view of sheering clear of hard times, and ad vancing the prosperity of the community, stands to reason they wouldn't. They'd be mere aumb-ekuUs if they did. Why, I might as will be one of them myself, if that's all they're good for, only I couldn't endure tht^-waddling nonsense, the marvel lous muddle of The Terrace. I do like to keep my house a little in order. And then, too, who'd go and throw away all be had, and then, because it made him poor, and he couldn't any longer buy his table beer, or evening radishes ; who'd do this (nnless a Terrace-ite) aod then come to his poor civil servants and ask them to go on cook ing his food and sewing on his buttons for a less wage, because he had, just in a thoughtless moment, thrown all his money out on the highway, just for a gigantic public scramble (and scandal). So— if they wouldn't mind, why, it's enough to make those civil servants of his uncivil, and more than than that ever after — I shouldn't wonder if they made him a very short answer on his making such a proposi tion. No, nor 1 shouldn't blame them, either, if they sent him to-^to — down- stairs, you know, or anywhere. It's try ing their tempers ao, bs they civil as they may.* Sir Surliagton turned the parcel1 of M.S. be bad taken absently in his hand, and staring bard at nobody continued to ad dress himself thereto.- ' I may send: these, my cogitations and remarks of my friendly solitude for publication a- ma day* (only ia that case I ought to have jotted them down, eh P' I think they would serve to enlighten the hurry- scurry moderoites a little as to the view taken of them and their much-vaunted achievements Jby a gentleman of conservative principles (f be lieve it's oad form, or at any rate, uni versal now,- to have any principles at all, isn't it ?) thinks of Modern Times and lar provements. The ancients had among other useful practices that of helping oft tbe imagination aod ingenuity of their critics and public thus — when an artist achieved a nondescript glo y 'f architect ure that left a delightful (dope for the ideal faculty, for conjecture ana invention, as it might be meant for anything in bvaven above or in tbe earth beneath, or even in the waters attder tbe -s-tfr when this masterpiece, I say, wa* eel lorth in all its glory the guestion was mercifully set at rert and the artist's meaning made plain by the averment underneath* tbe chef d'&tvre; thus— This xs- a ship, or what not, as it strikes me that when I shall come forth from my present obscurity, and appear in print, by publishing these my comments on men and things- of our own times,- there may be in s -me hamlets remote who would ask, * What's A air about r and the editor wiom I shall honor with such articles, might feel reluctant to reply, * \V» about you, sir, i/d about me, it's about persons nn1 things as they appear to Ss» Surlinefnn ChurMers, oi Orowli cfry,* Sn- iron, B*- Suarlec, in this blessea y. ar ut ^rec-), lssb, Scc.f tte. I say he migmn't like to be so plain spoken, and to prevent and anticipate any eueh awkward necessity, when these annals are printed I shall at once say to all whom it may concern (on the ' This is a ??hip' principle). This is a series of retec tions and observations on things in general, a« they appear on the surface of society through all its instil utions, and merely uttered in soliloquy by a solitary gtntle maof in the sirred privacy of an - unbroken solitude. Tl k is the answer mate by the author to all who reading these aesultory now, which may appear as dis jointed as the traveller's beast with its ? lisard's body, loan and long,'* it' ' fishe's bead sod serpnt'4 tongur/ fal (0 mak th^ir aim less viwue than that ot the p»pu lar showman, who, when asked by bis small boy patron and loqaitor, * Which is the lion and which is the unicorn ?' Mr. Showman affablv reolies. ' Vichever too pleasejtny little dear, &c;, &c;' Not wish ing to be quite so accommodating, we pre fer tbe absolute identity of each celebrate! monster exhibited, and would ourselves bttve labeied each thus-* This (todiserimi natiog readers) is tbe lion, and this is tbe unicorn,' to prevent mistake. Briefly, then, these here written are Sir Surly'* views, and may those who read approve them. Yes, this it my answet to all and each each estate critics. I go aboat, see man as he is, things as they are, and make thereon these my desultory and harmless reflections— that'* all it's about. Ob, aboat trances and that sort of general take-in baeioe*a. Here's a ' trance vision' that was sent me to pablisb. I treated it with Boniempv, 01 coarse. -iu»d ma u«e ui playing editor if yon can't snub people for tbe fun of the thing f An editor who knows his business will never be courteous It's unprofessional. Never praise any thing ; it's safer always to find fault, and when|he has fished and fished a thing, and declined it, he may then keep it handy to extract ideas from when he runs out of that neeeful commodity, as often happens. (Note, you see, I knew a* little of my badness when I assumed the editorial chair. I didn't go and, fool like, rash in when angels fear to tread, and don't tread, not 1, no ; though Byron tells as 'Every other trade has to be learned, critics are ready .made,' end though another groat authority says, *' A fool may find more faults in a day thau a wise man will mend in seven,*' stillrl didnt go, like the lights of The Terrace, and undertake a business, even in deiitante fashion till 1 knew a little aboat H. If B*ron had known ours of The Terrace, he'd find there was yet one other trade that earn* by nature, and that «n legislation, .which needs neither wit nor wisdom, learning nor judgment, and h the marvel of to- day among xn — just such a marvel as was that a-ieient structure of Babel, of which we wot, and with a like felidtou* result. But here's the vision,' and Sir Burlington unfolded and read the following from a roll of saanuscript :— JUNfOfc (7b btesntiimedj 