A PSYCHOLOGICAL REMINISCENCE. [By OMICRON.] I was living in Woolwich in 1865, and spiritualism was one of the special crazes of the time and place. I was an " en- quirer after truth," and of course felt challenged to examine this popular marvel. I was an agnostic it must be re- membered, and I am still an agnostic respecting spiritualism, but I find it never enhances the respect my friends have for me to allow that I have not made up my mind on this matter. The bulk of them have made up their minds that there is nothing in it, and would regard Stuart Cumberland's foolish philosophy as the genuine explanation of the phenomena. "All trickery, sir," they exclaim, and vote the whole thing as the work.of knaves and the delusion of fools. I was disap- pointed in Stuart.He knows nothing of spiritualism, and as a " mind reader " he is inferior to Sebastian George. But he is not the first " globe trotter " that has disappointed me. My friends who believe in spiritualism are disgusted with my halt- ing. My enquiring mind led me to share in a great many seances both in professional and private circles. I have met some of the most unmitigated knaves in those circles that operate on this side of the "borderland," or that are punished on the other. I have seen their " materiali- sations," their fragments of spectral ana- tomy ; I have heard the knockings, the playing of instruments, and the ringing of house-bells that were detached from the wires, and could only be set tinkling by spirit hands; I have held my hand wearily under tables, but the friendly grips that were given to my favored com- panions were denied to me, I have been lectured severely on an unbelief that would not accept as extra-mundane the " signs" I witnessed, and that prevented the fuller lifting of the veil that rewards the trusting soul. I have met credulous fools innumerable; many people the equi- librium of whose mind and body was so disturbed by spiritualism that they did not live out half their days ; men who under its glamor wound themselves too high and believed too much, and then swung to the other extreme of the dreariest materialism. And I have met people whose lives it appeared to improve, and to whom it seemed to make the disem- bodied life appear bright, near, and de- sirable. But If I judge the faith by its fruits I cannot say much in praise of it. If my investigations did not make me a convert they proved to my friends that I was a powerful medium. I found myself in great requisition in amateur circles, and most startling communications I have received from the "invisible world" by raps and writing. At this time I made the acquaintance of a garrison chaplain named McDuffen. He was a devout spiritualist and a good medium. One spirit that greatly affected my evenings when the Rev. McDuffen was a sitter was the ghost of a departed clergy- man whom Mac knew in the flesh. This accommodating shade used to help my friend in the preparation of his sermons. I am not a first-class judge of homiletics, but many of those outlines of sermons appeared to me above the average of pulpit talk. Mac told me that in dis- coursing on these strangely obtained themes he mostly had great liberty. I one day invited the Rev. Mac to favor me with his company to dinner. He accepted, and presently sent me a message to ask whether he might bring with him a companion, an officer in the Horse Artillery, a Captain Dacre, who was eager to penetrate the mys- teries of spiritualism. I cordially agreed and they came. We had a glorious bachelors' feed, for the trio of us were in that unfettered condition, and there was as much human nature in the "Church" as in the "army." How auspiciously that evening opened. After dinner we sat down to the real business of the evening. We began with the planchette. A lot of foolscap was wasted, and a number if messages, frivolous, naughty, and nice were traced. Assuming the reality of this mode of communicating with the unseen it suggests that Hades is a very questionable advance in point of intelligence on things beneath the glimpses of the moon. The soldier was a novice in the " black art," and the scribblings of the planchette filled him with wonder and interest. After a time we sat down to the table, and before we rose the amity that reigned at the beginning of our seance was destroyed for ever. This sitting started all the questions that have puzzled me about spiritualism. There is force, intelligent force, and if exerted by the sitter it is involuntary. Do our thoughts wander as in dreams through the un- explored ? Is ourself at both ends of this mystic magnetic wire, and without realising it are we sending and re- ceiving messages ? Do we reveal things by our very efforts to conceal them, and is this the reason that unpleasant, things are sometimes made known ? We had sat but a few minutes before the table began to tilt in a manner that surely pre- saged a good time. The name spelt out was one unknown to myself and Mac— the name of a woman. The officer started as I announced the completed name, and trembled violently. Observing his ex- treme agitation I proposed that we desist; but be would not hear of it, and we went on. And a succinct, clear tale of seduc- tion, ruin, desertion, and suicide was gradually evolved. And deftly as Nathan managed the telling of his parable to David, the name of the betrayer was reserved until the story was fully taken down, and then the name of the soldier was spelt out, and like a living angry thing the table threw itself into his lap. For a time neither of us could speak. Mac, speaking to me afterwards of that moment, said—" Do you know, I felt as if the judgment was set and the books were opened." Presently we found our tongues, and of course we—Mac and I — pooh-poohed the whole yarn, and the artilleryman eagerly took sides with our scepticism. But he did protest too much, and after iterating and reiterating his in- nocence he abruptly left. It was past midnight, and after a little talk over this uncanny recital, we lighted cigars and I strolled across the common with Mac to his home. Next time my clerical friend visited me he said—"I was talking the other day with an officer in the Engineers who was with Dacre at Aldershot, and without telling him of what passed here he volun- teered this much about Dacre. He said — 'I don't like him. There is a shady episode connected with his stay at Alder- shot that I cannot forgive. He made the acquaintance of a farmer's daughter near the camp, a sweetly beautiful girl. He lured her to her ruin and then threw her off. In her despair she committed suicide. He is a splendid soldier, but he is very much of a murderer nevertheless.'" Dacre gave me the cut direct next time I met him, and I thanked him for that from my heart. Being on a visit to Liphook in Hampshire, some months after, I took the opportunity of going to Aldershot to see if I could hunt up a family of the name spelt out by our table on that re- memorable night. I succeeded, and learned also that the eldest daughter had committed self-destruction. The name and date of her death were in exact veri- fication of the story already in my possession. 