THROUGH DROUGHT- LAND. (By "Feteu Si'imvex,") Conclusion. The coacli leaves YYcntwortH nt C a.m., and on a line, cold nnd bracing morning >ve made a start for Euston, 80 miles distant, up the Mur ray. There was considerable difficulty in crossing the Darling River, owing to the shal- lowness of the stream, but with an extra windlass rigged ou tho punt unditho assistance of the passengers, after an hour's work, the punt, with its load, was fairly dragged over the sandy bod to the other side. Once across, our team bowled along merrily over a level aud, iu fiue weather, very good road. This part of the colony has been particularly unfortunate in the exceptional severity of the recent drought. The herbage, or what little was left in the shape of blue bush and pig's face, wore a brown and burut-up look. After a fair fall of rain at the proper season, the crimson flowers of the pig's face give tho hind a par ticularly welcome and beautiful appearance. This succulent herb closely resembles tbe plant of the same name to be seen on the saudhills by the ocean beach, and is but a variety of tbe same species. The road to Euston keeps along the river excepting iu places where a bend neces sitates a short cut. Eighteen miles out, breakfast is had at Gol Got, a small settlement on the river bank. The glimpses of the Murray are occasionally very beautiful. Now and then, through an avenue of graceful pines, a long reach of water is seen, the morning's sun glistening the ripples on its surface, while, un like the Darliug, jutting points and banks of pure white saud staud out in contrast to the dark background formed by the foliage of the box and redgum forests. The river is four times as wide, its bauks are not so high, and the vegetation has more variety. Perched ou the sandhills beyond the river flats, on which the twisted box and more stately redgums grow, the pine trees lift their elegant tops like the weatherworn spires of some ancient cathe dral hid among the forest. The road winds among mallee aud piuo scrub, seemingly with out end. The mallee, perhaps, is considered tbe most worthless of all the scrub country, aud in its immediate vicinity no other vegetatiou is able to exist. In places it may be seen 40ft. in height. From the one root grow several slender stems, the tops of which are united by clusters of foliage, making a complete shade and giviug the tree an exceedingly graceful appearance. But in places the mallee is so thick and tough that it is impossible to make way through it unless a road be tirst cleared. Referring to this . scrub, Baron Von Miieller states that "it plays an important part n the natural economy of the desert, aiding to mitigate the excessive heat and the effect of sirocco- likc blasts of widely arid regions by its enormous power of evaporation, and also that of its roots in drawing up and absorbing humidity from the soil." He also states that this is one of the eucalyptus which yields a supply of water to the parched traveller. I was in formed that on the Victorian side of the river there is a manufactory for the purpose of distilliug eucalyptus oil from thu mal ice leaves, this species being considered superior to ull others for that purpose. While driviug through tbe scrub we followed the example of the driver in clutching clusters or leaves as wc passed, and found on them a white, threadlike excrcsccuce, sweet to tho taste and very palatable, known as malice gum or manna, abundant at this time of year. The roots aud stems make excellent firewood, and iu South Australia it is used for fuel iu tho locomotives ou some of the railway lines. Thus the inuch-abnsed mallee has its good uses. We drive past the Mallee Cliffs, a precipitous bank GUf t. or 70ft. in height, down which a couple of years ago one of the mail horses leaped, and falling into the river beneath escaped unhurt. The horse had been but just harnessed when he bolted, through tho scrub and over the cliff into the river. He was soon reeapaired, since which he has beeu doing duty in tho couch, apparently none the worse tor his sensational adventure. One meets with some strange vicissitudes of life iu Australia. By a moJe.it little cabin in a lonely spot where we changed horses the face of the groom who uuliaruesscd the team and greased the wheels appeared familiar to me. A lew moments' thought brought back to my memory an old schoolmate aud friend, one who 1 remembered in a good position, of more than ordinary intelligence, neat iu bis dress aud having to all appearances the energy and quali ties needed by a young man making his way in the world. He was well known among many comrades in towu. Many years ago I missed him. Feeling sure tliat tho groom and he were identical, I was doubtful whether he would take my recognition kindly. Our eyes, how ever, met simultaneously, and with the exclama tions of our Christian named and a hearty hand shaking, we found in tho few momenta at our disposal a mutual cujoymeut in a talk of old times and former mates. Not a word was spoken of the misfortune by which be hud been caught in the eddies aud drifted down the stream of adversity. That was bis own secret, and, like too many more, he alone understands and suffers the memories of the past and the thoughts of a wasted life. Li a few instances, beside ihe ru.ul some enter prising farmer had clouted the inutleu and pine und attempted cultivation — a risky experiment, forthore is no regular wet season or time of year in which rain may be expected with even a remote degree of certainty. The seed is sown aud the tarmcr trusts to luck aud prays that the clerk of the weather will be good to him. If by a few providential showers he is fortu nate, the erop is a good oue aud valuable ; but he may wait month after month with disappointment, or, perhaps, even should he get rain, there may be a navigable river at the time his crops ripen. Then the market is swamped by the harvests of more favored districts. In addition to tills, the cockatoos are a fruitful source of mischief by their foraging expeditions ou tho seed. These birds are utmost as cunuing as the crow — more so iu some respects, lor they are more shy, aud whether feeding in the field or drinking by a watorhule, sentinels arc invariably perched upon ' a tree or other vantage point, giviug the alarm to their comrades on the approach of an enemy. Uuder the shade of the box trees by thu river, through mallee and pine scrub wc wiiul our wa' with little variety of scenery and still less sigus of auiuial life, excepting, perhaps, an occasional flock of top-knot pigeons, until anrkness sets in, u couple ot hours after which the coach arrives at Euston. This small towu of about 1UU inhabi tants claimed a few years ago ail important, posi tion aa a stock crossing, but with the rail to ilay, and the Vietoriau railway approachiug Swuii- biJi, it is now out of thu maiu Jiucof traffic, and principally depends fur an existence on the small amount of trade done with the surround ing district. In places about the town arc to be seen tbe remains or mounds of earth which, during the big flood of 1870, were made to resist the inroads of the water. At that time all communication with the town other than by boat was impossible. Here, while waiting for the Swan-hill coach, a lishiug expedition was orgauised to a neighboring billaboug or lagoon, filled with water by an overflow of the river. We were fortunate in having a flue afternoon. The operations were supervised by u blackfcllow. While two of the party held a small net, 15ft. in length, in the water, the others waded up and down the lagoon splashing tbe water. Several fine perch and one cod, 20lb. in weight, were caught in the net. The darlcie, walking up aud down, kept probing with his spear the weeds that border the deeper water. At lust hi9 attention was arrested, aud a moment later saw him wrestling with some invisible object. There was a great deal of splashing, and finally there appeared, impaled on his spear, a maguificunt llu-lb. cod which he had cleverly captured. During a previous visit of mine to Euston, a Mr. M'Donuld, an hotel-keeper, a very old and respected resident, was leavlug the district. He bad been very kind to the blacks in the neighborhood (the Tartarty tribe) who looked upou him as their Kingmaker. On two occasions tucir uionarchs died, and tho representatives of the tribe waited upon M'Dooaid and asked him to namo a successor. He did so, and on each occasion his choice was respected anil religiously upheld. When the blucks heard that lie was going away they were in great distress. But hoariug that tho residents of the district were about to present him with a testi monial aud an address, they resolved to bo equal to the occasion ami do likewise. An old identity in the town, whose gift of language is only equalled by his good natuie, was elected by the aboriginals ns their spokesman. They made a collection, aud a couple of handfuls of pennies and a few silver pieces was the result. A pro gramme was arranged for the night priur to that of their friend's departure. Firat, there was to be a corroborec of the whole tribe ; then a Hpecch and address by their white representa tive, and lastly tho presentation. The night came, aud there was a good muster, for many of the tribe had travelled from various parts. In their war-puiut, armed with spears, boomerangs aud other implements of thu war and chase, by the light of the fire and ntnoug the shadows of the trees by tho river, tho scene was as fantastic und extraordinary as only an Aus tralian corroboree can be. The black gins squatted round the fires clapping sticks and chauting their monotonous weird songs, provid ing tho music for the sterner sex, who gesticu lated, grunted aud danced to their heart's con tent. The master of the ceremonies thought, after a little while, that the time had arrived when he should make his speech, lie appealed to the warriors, but all in vain. In their excite ment they had forgoltcu all about tho address and presentation. At last, evidently by .some preconcerted plan, the blacks came to a pause, and, all in chorus, sang with a sort of wail in pigeon-English, "Goo' bye, Johnny M'Donall, we berry sorry, wish you cbbcry success." This they repeated again and again until tho performance was oyer. Tho next day several blacks brought the oit'er- iug of coppers and silver, but it is needless to say thai although their gratitude and kindness was appreciated the money was not accepted. Wishing to have a glimpse of Swauhillon tlio Victorian side of the river, I was roused at -l a.m. by tho driver aud almost regretted having so decided when it came to turning out of a warm lied at that hour. As there is no punt the stables and coach arc on the other side of river, and beyond this there is no other sign of .settlement. A heavy fog lay on the river as we crossed it in the dark. On the other side, after a little trouble in harnessing the team, owing to one of the wheelers expressing a strong object ion to get. into position, which objection took the shape of his aiming random shots witli his hind legs at the groom and everything else adjacent, we were again ou our way. The road lies principally among the timber, some of which is very line. Jn a few instances we met with land under cultivation, or appeared so, though no crops were visible, and iu the many water- holes and billabongft that abound on each side of the river, ducks aiul other wild gauie there were in abundance. At 8 p.m., after a journey of 90 miles, wo arrived at Swan-hill. This Victorian township, otherwise known as Castle Donnington, is a remarkably neat und tidy little settlement, with a population of but 800 or dUO. Its streets have been planted with trees, aud it possesses a very line water tower. The district is mainly a pastoral oue, but a considerable nren is under cultivation, < not withstanding that it is within the limits of drought laud. From the summit of the water tower, about 70ft. in height, a splendid view is obtained of the town and surrounding country. Immediately beneath is the town, well laid out, wide streets, and what buildings there are clean and bran hew in ap pearance. To tbe east and west is what is known as tho Fourteen-mile Plaiu, through the centre of which tlio Murray winds its tortuous course, a flue flowing stream with untimbered banks. I believe that this is the only place in the Murray where for any extent its bauks are devoid of timber. A short distance to the south-east is tho juuetion of the Loddon with the Murray, forming a point to Pental Island, possessing an historic interest almost now for- gotteu. Many years ago, in the fifties, there was considerable' difference of opiuion between this colony and Victoria as to their respective rights on the river Murray, and particularly in connection with the collection of the Cus toms duties. Part of the dispute, ami not the least important, was tlio question of the ownership of Pental Island. This was a considerable area which occasionally was anr- rotiudod by the Hood-waters or rather a branch stream of the Murray. New .South Wales claimed the complete ownership not only of the country this side of the Murray, but the .Murray itself, "and was of opiuion that Pental Ldaud might be considered as on this side of the river. During the dispute, which lasted some years, the position of the lessees of laud on the island was not au enviable one, for they had to pay rent aud taxes to both claimants. Party feeling ran high, ami it is said that the then Premier of the neighboring colony threatened that rather than submit to the loss of tho islaud he would dispatch a couple ot regiments of soldiers iu support of Victoria's claim. It was, however, amicably settled by handing over Pental islaud to Victoria aud New 8outb Wales retaining the ownership of the liver Murray. In the top room of the watertower the Swan- hill town band meets for practicetwiceawcek.au example that might well be tollowcd in other towii3. Where the watertower does uot suit, tlio presence of a town band is an additional in ducement to build one. 1 endeavor to make the best of tnings without grumbling, but at times a town band is too much even for the most kindly disposed individual. They would be lino institutions if it were possible by some patent method to develop each player into an artist and dispense with previous training. Unfortu nately, so soon as a player in a town band be comes proficient he leaves the district. In common with many other travellers in the country, I do not sue why a dozen enterprising individuals with all the energy nud enthusiasm worthy of a better cause should make night hideous by blowing witka pressure of lOUlb. to the square inch maugied editions of "Home, Sweet llonic " and "God Save the Queen" down brazen instruments out of tune aud iu half-a-dozen dif ferent keys. A provision should be made tor such associations, that permission to fonu a baud be only granted on eomlitiou that tho intending performers first erect a watertower. From Swuu-kiil to Balranald is adistance if CO miles. The coach starts at 1 a.m., and the road lies for the most part through mallee country over roiling sandhills and over a network of creeks and rivers. The Murrav, Wakoul aud Edwards Rivers, the Mouiamelu Creek and the Murruiubidgee River are all crossed iu this short distance. 1 only saw one of these rivers, for the reason that 1 secured a snug position in tbe boot. Wnat is known as the boot of a coach is a small cupboard uuder tho driver's seat, in which the mail bags are usually stowed away, in tho larger coaches it 'is roomy enough to have a rest in if you carefully pack yourself, in the present journey the coach was a small one, the width of thu boot only four feel into which I stowed away five feet ten. Once in it was impossible to turn or alter luv position, but after incessant coaehiug for nearly three months one is not particular. I hoou fell asleep, from which I awakened at 7 o'clock the next morning, sore and stiff iu every joint. In thu event of one of the wheelers starting kicking and lath ing out with his heels there is danger to the passenger iu the boot. Balrauald has a popu lation of 7UU and is situated on tnu Mumiui- bidgce. It is anticipated that in a short lime one of the Victorian iiues'of railway will reach wan- hill. Then Balranald will be on lite track of tbo greater part of tbe trade to wards the Darling, aud its business will receive some impetus. In common with the majori y of the inland towns, it complains of tlie dullness of tbe times. Fifty miles from Balranald, on the Edwards River, is the little town of Moulatnein, of half a dozen houses, one of the oldest towns in Riveriua. It can boast at least of one distinction, that is the tenacious and boggy character of its mud iu wet weather. The district was blessed with 80 poiuts of rain during mv visit, and this recognised blessing is invariably the traveller's curse. Not only tho traveller, 'but the coach-driver and horses have wretchedly hard times iu wet weather. Imagine 20 mile stages, with a coacn containing four passengers and the driver, over a ploughed black alluvial soil such as is to be found ou a river bank, ana you have an accurate description of the route for 30 miles on each side uf Moulamein. Tlio coach was due at 8 a.m. from Deniiiquin. It did not arrive till 2 p.m. ; as it drew up along side of the hotel, tbe wheels were one thick mass of mud, which stuck to the spokes and , tires with the tenacity of glue. Our journey back to Balranald was u most tedious one. The horses sank to their fetlocks each stei, aud the wheels ploughed up the mud in furrows. It is under such circumstances that tlio pationce aud slciil of the driver arc ns much exhibited as with a fresh unruly team on a good road. It is no use forcing horses over a bad road in wet weather, and it was only by dint of care aud good management that we accomplished the journey, although several hours late. It was with considerable relief that I took my place on the box of the Hav couch at C o'clock on tho following morning, and, although it was a continuous journey of 25 hours, and a distance of 12U miles, there was comfort in the knowledge that it was the last coach journoy through Droughtlami. I had covered over 2000 miles on the box, and com menced to feel tho effect of tbe jolting and hardship which tho traveller must endure out back, even under the most favorable circum stances. Leaving Balranald the road lies through malice scrub for many miles, then over open saltbush plaius, the property of James Tyson. Approaching Oxlcy, a liamlet of half- a-dozen houses, tbe locality of the great reed beds that terminate the Lachlau River, is seen a few miles off to the right. Wc have tea at Oxlcy, cross the Laehlun over a lino substantial bridge, with long cinbankmentB on cither side, and at 11 arrive at Maude, on the Miirrumbidguc. The night is dark und the outline of three or four houses are visible. It is a town and Eosscsecs an kotol. While tho horses were eing changed I made my way Into the pub. At one end of a long room was a fire, and the night being exceedingly cold. I seized the opportunity of making tlie most of it. With a foot on cither side of tho hearth, I made myself nt home. Some one entered the room with the uncertain tread that usually marks an indivi dual under the influence of liquor. A rude shove that nearly capsized me was con vincing proof that my surmise was per fectly correct. Additional evidence was ten dered by the equally uncertain speech of the strungcr, who thus addressed me k 'Spose you're tho — proprietor of creation ; owu tho whole — lino of — mail coaches an' bought the fire for your own par ticular use, ch?" The blauks represent adjectives of sanguinary character. I was about to retort iu nu almost equally un ceremonious manner, when the landlady arrived with a cup of coffee. She said, 11 Don't mind the old chap, sir, he's taken a drop too much. When he's sober he's very clever. Ho's learnt all Shakspeare, or what you may call 'era's pieces, by heart." Then addressing tho old man, "Give tho gentlemen Hamilton's Ghost, Billy." Endeavoring to steady himself Billy at once struck an attitude, and glaring at me with his bloodshot eyes, his knees shaking, and his arms waving wildly, he com menced in ft hollow tragic voice prefaced by a I hiccup, "Angels and Ministers of Grace us," when tho signal "AU aboard" led to my abrupt departure. After a very cold | journey wc arrived :.t ilav at 7 a.m. ou tlie following morning. Our journey here comes to a close ; but, before parting, 1 would mention that several matters having an important influence in Drought Land have beeu by me purposely omitted. Tbe more important are the operations of the pre sent Lauds Act. aud tlio rabbit question. To discuss the merits of these and other questions require more experience than .1 can boast ol, and would, if done well, prove monotonous to the general render. But there is oira matter deserving a few remarks before concluding, and that is the subject of overstocking. _ The losses by the recent severe drought will, it is hoped, prove a solemn and lasting warning. Years ago, when the country between tlie Laehlau River was being stocked, a purchaser of a largo tract, of country bearing tbo harvest of a splen did season, while looking upon the waving mass of vegetatiou on evoiy side, reaching up to tho girths of his horse, said, " In five years L ; will be King of Kiverina." in five years he was a ruined man. The cause was overstock ing. It is tlie custom when we hear uf the enormous losses by drought to confine our sympathy to the squatter. But there are two others claiming consideration. The first is tho landlord, represented by the State, and the second tlie stock tiieinsclvep. Judicious stock ing would have saved many a man from ruin, but the want of wisdom ami eagerness for ex cessive returns have proved again and again delusive. What is the result from the land lord's point of view ? 1 refer to the land still owned by the .State. We are muicr the im pression that settlement for pastoral pursuits is synonymous with improvement; but it is not so in every case. The following remarks from Dr. Wools's work on tho flora ot New South Wales deserve the most serious consideration, Each one who has had any experience of tho western division of the colony and part of the central also will most emphatically endorse them. Writing of the couutry west ot the dividing range, he says : " It is calculated that the pastoral runs within the boundaries extend over LVl.UUUjOOOa., and that these runs are stocked witli 2,509,000 horned cattle, and between 85,009,000 aud 38,099,900 sheep. Now, it is found that as the sheep and cattle are perpetually feeding over the same runs (excepting in cases where they are re moved from one paddock to another, or where in seasons of drought they are driven away to distant runs for pasture "and water) certain plants 011 which they delight to feed are gradually disappearing from some parts of the colony. Tins is specially true in regard to certain salsohieeous plants popularly termed salt-bushes. Some of the native grasses arc abundant, and even a lew species of acacia and casuarina, which are eaten down as soon as they spring up. There is reason, there fore, to believe that in process of time sheep and cattle will occasion as marked a dest ruction of native plants in the pastoral as may now lie noticed in the cultivated districts, and that graziers will find it necessary to utilise foreign grasses to supply the place of those passing away." There may be considerable difficulty in finding a foreign grass that will accommo date itself to tlie peculiar climate and other conditions of the western plains. How is it possible for any of our edible herbs to exist wheu year after year they are trodden down and eaten before it is possible for them to seed? The extermination, gradual though it may he, can only result sooner or later in a considerable depreciation in the value of pastoral holdings. Then there are the stock themselves. We have our Society for the l're- veation of Cruelty to Animals, and if a horse or dog is illireated and tlie offender detected punishment swiftly follows. Jmag.ne a case where, in this town of ours, Jul) sheep are peuncd up in a yard without food or water and permitted to die a lingering death by starvation! What an outcry would there not. be! it is our unfamiliarity with the surrounding circum stances to which is due our iudifi'erencu and want of sympathy with the cruel sufferings ami death of millions of slump and oilier stock each drought — animals susceptible of all the keen sensations of hunger aud pain. Willi the wisest provision made, many must die ; but is it that because millions perish nothing should lie done? Who can say the overstocking is not responsible for much of it — even the most of it? Many I know will join me in asking is there no way of lessen ing the sufferings of those animals, to whom we owe so much and w. thorn which our prosperity would be a dead letter. We must now, lor the present, part company. I have endeavored to give some of tlie incidents and glimpses of life out back. We cannot know too much of the character and resources of onr hind. Wc have travelled over avast and interesting portion of it, which is not familar with the majority of readers, and if even a little knowledge has been added or a few hints suggested that will teud to a better appreciation of the extent and variety of our couutry I will have done good service, for any work that tends to enlighten and instruct even in a inoue»t degree a people as lo the nature and character of the laud they dwell in is work well done. 