SUNDAY ADDRESSES. On Sunday morning Mrs. Leavitt occupied the pulpit of the Pi [?]e-street Wesleyan Church, and preached to a very large congregation, in-<*> cluding representatives of most of the Evan- gelical churches of the city. The preliminary exercises were conducted by the Uev. J. Y. Simpson, one of the ministers of the circuit. Mrs. Leavitt having read Paaltn ixv. and 1 Corinthians iii., took as her text the words— " What f Know ye not that yonr body v the temple of. the Holy Ghost, which v in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? For ye are bought with a price; taere foie eiorify Cod in your body" (I C?r. vi, 19, 20.) Under the old dispeaaiti-ju Imvy penalties were exacted frc-ui parsons profaning the temple at Jerusalem, or any of the vassals of the sacred edifice, and men's bodies liavin? become the dwelling place of the spirit of God after the destruction of the temple the Christian says to himself, "If I hurt my nerves, my brain, or any put of my physical oryani-m £ insult my God and invoke dire retnbatioa." In the part this doctrine had been suppressed, and in its stead men were taught to despise t!:e body and to exalt the spirit. The true teaching of the Bible was that boththespiritand the body, wbich waa created in .the image of God, should be cared for. Iv the present age the average life of man was only half the three score years and ten which God had promised, j One of the many causes <-f this was drink. | Alcohol, according to Colton, was a deadly ! narcotic pois-m, and this opinion was con curred in by many of the most eminent men of ? science. In medicine it wad frequently used as - an antidote to destroy the effect of another i poison, but it was admitted that it could do no I positive good. It was in itself an j accrmulative pr-ison, and eventually caused ; death, although iv effects were frequently ; imperceptible to any save a practised eye. j Many men walked the streets of the city * apparently in robust health, but whose features revealed to an experienced obaerver that drink had done i's work, and had slowly, bat surely, converted the Bound body into a corrupt mass of living death. According to the figures of the llcglish life insurance companies, who were the finst to tabulate such figures, the average life of a total abstainer was 02 years aud 4 months, while the average life of drinkers of intoxi cating liquor was only 35 years aud *> mouths. The death-rate among the British troops in India showed a proportionate difference, being 11 per thousand among abstainers, 23 among temperate drinkers, and 47 among heavy drikers. Drink was the principal cause of mischief and crime, and so fully was this re cognised that only teetotallers were admitted to teveral of the American ministries, aod in the case of tbe Methodist Episcopalian Charch the ministers had also to abstain from tbe use of tobacco. In the afternoon a service for young women was held in the V.M.C. A. Hall, Mrs. I.eavitt being suppoited on tbe platform by the Rev. J. McKwen, Mr. W. B. "Stephens, G.W.O.T. Miss J'aqu&lin; (secretary of the Y<mng Women's Christian Association), and tnacy other ladies and gentlemen. The hall was well filled, the audience consisting chiefly of ladies, although a few members of the sterner sex put in an appearance, air. Leavitt took as her motto tbe words "That our daughters may be as corner stones polished after the similitude of a palace/ and delivered an earnest address on the evils resulting to women from partaking of intoxicating liquors. She related a number ?f anecdotes of young women who had fallen very low in consequence of their yiebfiog to the craving for strong drink, and a*>kcd all present to sign the pledge. At the conclusion of the meeting the blue ribbon was donned by several of those present. - The evening service was held in tbe Town Hall, which was crowded in every part. A choir of nearly a hundred voices under the direction of Mr. F. J. Pasch lead the singing, and rendered two hymns in a creditable manner. The opening exercises were con ducted by Mr. M. W. Green, and there were also on the platform the Rev. H. D. Smith, and Messrs. F. Santo, C. H. Goode, and A. Dowie. Mrs. Leavitt read the latter part of the twelfth chapter of St. John, and based ber remarks on the words " Sir, we would see Jesus" (St. John xii. 22). The words of her text had been spoken by some Greeks about whom almost nothing was known, but the words would be handed down to all genera tions. They contained the wish of every believ ing heart, and in faith all who desired could ccc him. Thousands who should desire to see Jesus did not not feel their want of hist. It was therefore tbe duty of all Christians to bring tbem to a knowledge of their state. All who wished to see Jesus should frequent the places in which He was to be found and to avoid those places to which they could not ask Him to accompany them. The bar was one of those places, and they should carefully avoid it, in the face of the fact that ten out of every eleven murders were traceable to drink, and nine out of every ten crimes were the result of intemperance. At the conclusion of the meet ing 41 persons signed the pledge, making the total for the day 51. 