CRUEL LONDON: A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. Br Joseph Hatton, Author of H Oly tie," " Christopher ICenrick," itc. (All Rights Reserved.) BOOK I. CHAPTER II.— Visions of Forbidden Love. lie is gone now, my darling; your I at tier has gone to London, and I must talk to you or I shall go crazy. Kiss mamma, lore." The little oue pursed up Us chubby lips and kissed its mother. It was sitting on "a crimson shawl in the midst of a hillock of hay. Mamma was kneeling beside it. The£ made a beautiful pictuic in the sbado of the oak trees at- a bend of the hayiteld outside the cottage garden bor dering the Errant wood that stretched away in leafy splendor for nearly a mile at the back of the cottage. The wood was shut out by a long luxuriant hedgerow. It was a hot July afternoon. The mowers had left tho grass to dry. The birds were still. Only a purplo butterfly alighted here and there upon the haycocks. The wild hop and the white convolvolus climbed in and out of the hedge. The distant call and clapper of the bird-boy came up from the cornfields like an echo. 44 Sometimes I think I am a little mad, baby, don't you, dear ? Never so mad as not to love you. I wonder if you will grow up to become tired of mamma— to look at her aside and say unkind thing3 to hor." > " Coo-coo," said the baby, stretching out its little arms. 44 Bless yoUj my sweetie I" She kissed it and Riled its lap with bar. "I am going to tell you something, AVillie, I shouldn't tell you only I know you can't under stand it. I wouldn't tell you for the world if I thought you could. " Coo-coo," said Willie. "Yes, I know it loves mamma, and it likes mamma to say silly things to it, doesn't it ?" " Coo-coo," replied the baby. " Well, then, there was a poor young man in New York. I don't mean poor as to money, but I say poor because I pity him, and his name was Tristram Decker." She looked round as if to make sure there were no listeners. A solitary peewit in the wood seemed to make answer in its melancholy way and assure her of a faithful sentinel on duty. "Peewit," it cried, and still further away came up the hollo of the bird-boy. " I think the birds and things begin to know us, Willie ; I think they kuow how lonely mamma is, aud they want to comfort her." A squirrel looked down from the oak trce3 and whisked away as if to tell his companions not to come and disturb the pretty people down by the hedgerow. "What was I saying? Oh, I kuow; now listen." i.uu uauj kusavia uiu uaj iium no my laughed. " Ye., that's fine I 0, what a strong boy." She kissed the chubby face and then re seating the little one upon its crimson carpet, said :— " Hush! Now I'm going to talk. I know wltcre I wasq that poor young man in Now York, he loved mamma, he would have died for her, sometimes I think he is dying for her now. I saw htm this very day last week looking over the hedge in the garueu. Hush! Don't he frightened and I'll tell you all about it." " Coo-coo," said the baby. "Papa had been unkind again to mamma, very unkind, 0, so cruel 1 so cruel, and I wish 1 were dead but for you. dear, but tor you ; and when Tliilip turned away as if I had been a black slave, ye?, worse than ever mamma ever treated the worst colored woman on her father's plan tation ; just then, when I thought my heart would break, Tristraui Decker looked at me over the hedge. Hush, dear, it wasn't him, it was his spirit, and J. think he must have died for uie, unless somehow his heart felt the ache of mine, and he was so sorry that the good angels lei his soul free for a moment to say it was poitv. Do you think he's dead, baby V" The bain held up its face to be kissed. " You do," said the mother, putting her arm round the child aud kissing it. "You do; then I have no friend in the world, Willie! Even if lie were alive, he could be no friend of mine, dear, because he loves me ; it wouldn't lie right, dear. .Strange, is it not ? It wouldn't be right, because lie loves me so much that he would die for mo. Ilut you mustn't be sorry for him ; ho fought in the war against us, and your grandfather cursed him as he cursed ail the North, and so I came to be here. Do you think mamma really did see that poor young matt, or is solitude aud neglect alllictiug her " Goo-coo," responded little Willie. "Are you real? Or are you a fairy-child sent to play with me ? I believe you are as wi.se as I, Willie — you may easily be wiser. I'm only a child, a wayward child, and I'm naughty too. They have given me a new aud beautiful world to live in, and 1 was wicked enough to call it a cage. But 1 am a foreigner here, a creature who don't belong to these woods and fields, though they do try to make tne welcome, and if it weren't for poor Willie I should wander away over yonder hills, or per haps go and lay me down in tho river, by the side of the lilies. I daren't take you along, be cause you are not all mine, darling, and so I stay bore to play with you, that the good people may not sav I am ungrateful." The baby had looked into its mother's eyes, and as if under their loving influence had gradually moved into an attitude of repose and slept. fcho lay down beside it and her voice fell into a gentle whisper. "I wonder who you are like, not like Fhilip, not like me. May you he unlike in your heart, unlike in your fortunes ! When you grow to be a man be kind to the memory of your mother; and ior her sake he gentle and loving to ail women, they arc so weak and obedient, and 0, may you never know the heart-ache winch your mother has suffered the»e last few weeks ; if you do you will hate your father, as I am beginning to hate him !" Her voice grew louder. She rose to hor feet. " For those last seven days I. liavo suffered a lifetime of misery ; insulted, treated with scorn, sneered at ; it is four days since he has spoken to me ; I have asked his forgiveness, I have kneeled to him, he doesn't speak. I, Caro line Denton ! Why I don't think my heart stood .still a it did in presence of l'hilip when I tied with mv father at night, and we stopped to look hack aud saw the house in flume's and heard the cries of the men who neither gave nor received quarter." A wouiau entered the field at the furthermost corner. Caroline saw her, and straightway took up tho sleeping child. "Dorothy is coming, darling, we must go. I don't know whether she is a good woman or a bail one, but we must go now." Nurse aud mistress met in the middle of the field. Mrs. Gardner laid the child iu the arms that were put out to receive it. " Why, lor bless me, missus, you'll have a sun stroke it" you don't mind !" said Dorothy, a bony, weathcrbeaton woman, in a lilac print dress and a white sun bonnet. " We were in the shade all the time, Dorothy," Mrs. Gardner replied, submissively, "Master's been looking everywhere for you." 41 The master ?" 44 Yes, he's bin and come back, lost the train or something, and he seems to be in a line way." "'.What about, Dorothy ? asked Mrs. Gardner, increasing her pace towards the house. "Lor bless mo, 1 don't know, but ho looked as frightened as if he'd seen a ghost." "A what 1" exclaimed Mrs. Gardner. " A ghost, there don't stare at me like that, missis, I declare you give mo a regular start." AU at once Mrs. Gardner felt as guilty as if Tristram Decker had really come to visit her, and had been met by her husband on the thres hold of the cottage. A thousaud fears crowded iito her heart, as if the very ghost of the North American could dishonor her fair fame in the eyes of her husband. "A ghost," she said again. "Lor, no, there are no ghosts in the middle of the day, though one had think you'd seen one to look at you." 44 Yes, I feel frightened, Dorothy." "What at? Your own shadow, mum?" " I dou't know." "There, don't fluster yourself. Don't go into the house like that, specially with a visitor in the djawing-room." " A visitor ?" " Yes, wc don't have no visitors as a rule, but this is the exception." "What's he like?" " How did you know it were a he, mum ?" " Is he pale, and has he blue eyes, and is he young ?" She had the vision face before her. " Bale 1 He's a red-grey pompous party, and the other's not youug either, though he's dressed up to the nines, as they say at "Two visitors ?" " Yes, I said there were two." "Did you?" "A course I did. And they came in with master, and they- was a having 'igh words when I thought as I'd come out and see where you was." " \\\ hat were they saying ?" "I, dunno, except as oue of 'em kept a calling master Mr, Slybooks, as ho said 4 Don't expec me to call you Gardner. Nothing of the kind,' he said, 4 though you does keep a gar dener, I expec'; 'And a good 'uii,' says the other, which he talked like a Scotchmau, the very imago of Scotch Jimmy as keeps the grocery shop at Essain." "Friends of your master, I suppose, from London," said Mrs. Gardner, not willing to learn anything to his disadvantage from a servant. "Friends ! Well, I should say as they was enemies, and if lie owed 'em a lot of money or sonicthink worse they couldn't have treated him more disrespectful." " You have made some mistake," she said with dignity. "That's what the Scotch gentleman said master had made, thinking as ho could go on without beiii' found out." " Silence, woman !" said Mrs. Gardner, "don't you see that you annoy me ; how dare you pry into your master's affairs and talk of them to me ; I tell you you have made somo mistake." " Thank you, missus ; somebody has made a mistake, hut it ain't Dorothy Migswood. Wo man, indeed t I'd like you to remember on you ain't talking to black nigger slaves when you're talking to me, mum." J4 You need not remind mo of the fact, nurse," said Mrs. Gardner, " they were human if they were black." 41 0, they was, then carry vonr brat yourself, Miss Slave Driver !" exclaimed Migswood, thrusting little Willie into the mother's arms. " If I ain't as good as a black nigger slave, I ain't good enough to carry this thing." Little Willie woke up and cried. Ilis mother hastily folded him to her breast and hurried through the garden gate, where Tristram Decker had looked at her aud disappeared. 14 A parcel of stuck up mixtures, one would think they was Queeu "V ictoria herself and all the Royal family instead of a lot of no-better- than-they-should-be's." Dorothy Migswood said this for the benefit of the head fly-driver from the Lion, who was waiting in the road with a cab and talkiug to a stranger. " You hain't in a good temper this morning," said tho driver, "Mrs, Migswood." "Don't call me Mrs., I'm Miss, and don't pre tend to be no more, though I have brought up a family." The driver leaned back and laughed a loud guffaw. " Who's your friend?" she asked, lookiug at a little ugly man who was sucking a short pipe and leaning against tho gate. "Meaniug me," said the stranger, winking at the driver. "I'm Bill Smith, and when I'm at 'ome, which aint often, I lives in the Old Kent- road." He was a small man with what might he called accentuated features. His boots were down at tbe heel ; his hat was shinv and stuck , on one side. His clothes were a dingy black. Tho sleeves of his coat nearly covered his bands. Two glossy tufts of hair were curled and flattened against his cheeks. Iiis mouth was an aperture that closed tightly, so that sometimes it only looked like an indication of a mouth. His nose had been broken, and he had a wicked sqnint. "Oh, you arc a Londoner, are you?" 6aid Miss Migswood, " like master. You're a gay old lot, you folks in London !" " We air, we air," said Bill Smith, knocking the ashes out of his pipe, and putting the black cutty in his pocket. 44 And what do you want down here ?" 44 Coino to see you, my dear ; that's wot we're arter: that's our little game." Bill Smith grinned a ghastly smile. "Well you arn't much in the way of beauty in London if you're a specimen," said Dorothy, sticking her arms akimbo, her flapping suu- bonnct falling back upou her broad bony shoulders. The fly- driver roared with laughter. " Beauty a only skindccp ; wc goes in for brains iu town," said Smith. "And where do you carry yours — in your boots ; they look as if they was weighted ?" The fly -driver nearly 'had a lit ; the horse thought this was a signal to move; Bill Smith had to take it by the head. 44 1 never see such a pair in my life," gasped the driver. "As his ears, or your horse's.?" asked Dorothy, looking at Bill Smith's head. 44 Well, you air a caution," was the Londoner's answer. 44 You knows your way about. I used to think I was good at chaff, but you licks me ; that's the truth." "I can't stop a-talking here all day, what's up?" said Miss Migswood, pulling her bonnet over hor head; "and my complexion will go if I staud in the sun." " My sides regular aching," remarked the fly- driver. 0, you're easily pleased," responded Migs wood, 44 every fool in Ess am knows that." The Lion's head driver laughed again and mopped his face with his handkerchief; for the sun was coining down "a 'ot tin," as Bill Smith had more than once observed. ' Well, now, look 'ere. Miss Migswood, as you scouts the right sort, and as business mav bring us together, I don't mind lolling you a secret.'' 44 Don't bust yourself about it," said Dorothy. 44 1 don't think business nor nothing else will bring yon ami mu together, so if the thought as it will makes you free with your secrets, keep 'em and then you won't he disappointed." 44 Ha! ha! roared the Lion driver, 44 trust Dorothv Migswood; she's got the tongue of Old 'Arrv hisself." "0, come, you're a presuming on your petti coats," paid Mr. Smith. 44 If you don't want to be friendly, why there isn't no love lost, and the least said soouest tueuded, and so mum's the word." Bill Smith hit his open mouth with his open hand. The result was a hollow souud, like drawing a bung from a barrel. "All right, I'm iu no hnrrv; you ain't the first bum-bailiff I've seen, nud'there's a chap in K-sam as can play the drum on his cheeks and draw corks forty to the dozen — he'd give you ninety iu a hundred aud jump on you," said Dorothy. Turning hor back on Mr. Smith of the Old Kent-road, she made a face at the driver from the Lion, and marched into the pretty garden of the cottage, leaving the Londouer staring in ; amazement, and the countryman shaking tho cab, horse and all, with his 'aching sides that trembled with the laughter which he tried in vain to suppress. 44 Bamt she a clover 'un,'' he asked at last. "A clever un,'\ exclaimed Bill .Smith con temptuously "she's ti lt was a word we cannot print. "I'il show 'or! A wot did she call me?" 44 A buui-bailiff," said tho driver, coming promptly to his rescue. 4i She's a liar! that ain't my profession, and if 1 thought I looked like It, blame me if I wonld't chop my 'ed off, there now !" He took out lus pipe and re-lighted it. 44 A bum !" he exclaimed. 44 Why, what sort of a bringin' up 'as that woman 'ail !" 44 Bringing hup ; why she's the mosl ouda- cious lot in all the country ; she's bin iu prison, she's bin in London, she's bin in the workus, she's bin had up for 'saulting a magistrate 1 and for all that there's lots a folk as 'ud give anything to hear 'or talk, she's such a witty uii." "iShe'fi a fool ?" " Not she ! Whatever she mar be she baint a fool." 44 A woman as can't tell a respectable sheriff's hollieer, who's never touched a common distress iu 'is life, from a two bob a day man and his r»mb. I tell von is a innL M«» Ttill Smith .if the 6le Kent-road, mo ! as took possession of palaces and bin mji/as aud ca mis for thou sands. to be mistbok for a man shoved in for reut, why blame 'er I've 'ad the maid of a marchingnes.s to wait on me." 44 Come guvnor, your taking of it too much to 'art, she be only a joking of you." 44 There's one tiling, Mister Croachman, as no professional man likes, and that is, aspershions on his professional position ; but, there, as you say it don't matter, you can't expec' more nor a grunt from a Innhnal of that sort." "Jshshsh," said .Mister Coabhman, 44 don't you let her 'ear von. She'd think no more care about a knocking of you down than 1 do a whisking them flies off them 'orses hacks." 44 Wouldn't she," said Mr. Smith quickly, 14 do you know wot I could giv her for that ?" 44 J don't know, and I'm sure she don't care," said the driver. "Three months ; and s'help me if I wouldn't do it, there !" "Are you from the Lion?" said a quick, anxious voice, breakiug in upon the dialogue of Town and Country. 44 Yes, sir," replied tho driver quickly. Tho newcomer was Mr. Tom .Stanford, pule and careworn. He had shaved off his heard. Ilis moustache was dyed, lie flung a handbag iuto the open fly aud got in after it. 44 Drive me to the I'oulicld-siation, and come back for the two geiitleincu afterwards," ho said quickly. 44 The mid-day express stops at Penficld ?" 44 Yes, sir." 44 And not at Essain?" 44 No, sir." "Catch the express, and I'll give vou a crown for yourself." 44 Y 03. sir." Bill Smith watched the carriage roll along the road until it was lost iu a cloud of summer duat. 44 Good-bye, Mister Stanford, alias Mr. Philip Gardner, this 'ere andsnnt cottage estate, in a ring fence, to be sold by auction, with all the wery choice aud hclcgunt furniture and heffeots without reserve, harticles of virtue, hold china, billiard tables, wines of the finest vintages, by order of the sheriff of Middlesex ; and I honly ope, Mister Stanford, fluancor, director, manager, and general swell, that's the werry worst thing as'U appeu to you, that's all the 'arm I wishes you, sir, aud a pleasaut journey to you ; I ope ' the sherry wine's good, Mister Stanford, junior. If there's anything I 'ates more nor another it is bad sherry ; but .give me a good diuner and a bottle of old brown, with a Madeiry flavor, and I wouldn't call the Queen my auut— s'help me !" (to be continued.) 