felSHOP KKYWOLUS AT STRATH ALBYN. ; On TaeHa^laat the Kittht Rev. C. A. K'ynolds, U.D., R C. Biitiop of A-it-MA- , j»isited Straibalbyn -?« the purpose of i-pnn- ,*ng the jubilee mission in, connection wuh 8t. Barnabiib'fl Cburrh, . Strathslh.yn. and ?danDisteran/ tbe ?Bcramam of cor tirmatii n. Ho arrived by ibe 9 85 a.m. train fr»u- Adelaide in company with his chaulain. the Bev. M. U'bullivan, and was met at the ?tfttion by the Kevs. Fathers L^ndy and Martin and a, Urge number of their con jrregation. .He was then driven to (be .Cbnrcb,. where Father L^ndy, parish priest of tbe Mount Batker dwtrirt, introduced His Lotdshipto the lar-re number who bad assembled, Mr. William Riflly.tbrn rea.i jtbe tallowing address of welcome to His Iiordihip : — i. MTo the Right Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D., fiiahnD if Adelaide — Alar it sleaaa vonr ^Lordsnip— :Wfi, tho nembtm ct the congre jgatioB ,t»f St. Qarnabas's Cburch. Strath ?Ibyn, beg to extend to your Lordship a ,sin£erGt'snd hearty, welcome on this ifao oc ,«aslph «f your .visit to our Church. We d»sirei« tqt .^Xpresa obr keen sense of the interest,, manifested by jour Lordship to -jrkrdf ooimIvbs and tamilies ia^kavinjrpro ?videaV.iso. .aaiisfactorily- for our, ep ritual jvellare, mnd for tbe efficient and Catholic ?fdw^QD of jflUf children. , Wi*h feelings of ajtpjwv Ion ? we . bay beard of, the .great ^fBpra;tl.wbioh your . Lordship is about to ^undertake, vh., .ibe.r completion of the ,C^tbad.ral — the - Mother ; Church . of the djooese^ and ire .trust this undertaking, by ^rour Lordship's xeai, and tbe c-Jperatfou of your flick throughoat the dioee-e may be crowned with success. Thanking your lordship for your visit to our Chnrph, and asking your blessiag for ourselves and families, we Temarn, your dntjfui children in Christ («ignedt-n behalf of the congregation). Richard Walsh, Jojbn Byrne, Thomas Fa lion, John Hugall. WiinamKielly.Tfaoirias Walsh, John Bieily.' fiisbop Reynolds Injeply said— 'My dear children in Const, I accept with great pleasure all. tbe kind greetings which I bate jeeeiverl to-day. ft recalls to flumnn th« nloantnir Humtl-u»ttnnK vphatn I dedicated this little .Church a few years back, and also administered the sacrament of confirmation. ^ I- thank you verr cordi ally for tbe kind allusions which were made in the address to the great work 1 ant engnped ini, vij., th« extension and rompletion of the Cathedral in Adelaide. Owing to the demands pn.myjtiine in onon Ing miarloii chdrcbes and schools/ I wa- unable td tTnderlafie such a work before ; but notwithstandid^' the , great depression, with the epioperatiotf Of ibe clergy and ?kAn^n I AVVk ««n^ laWliL *ri aa *%H 1 SB tvlu ilrtrlAP. UDUUIQ A SSaaj ^IUW BWIP iu j^*M W* #?* w^'^ ?»?***«*? — taking, aud I bope la. bring it to & eucoes ful issue. I cordially thabK you for the kind greeting w«iea [received from you to-day, and I shall again carry «way with me as pleasing recollections ^as I did whtrn I- left jo1! aft«r my last visit to Stratn albyn.' Tbe bjmn of the Holy Ghost was then supg, and the Bishop procreled to farmaliy.opvn the. mission. Oa Tuesday evening spvowl devotions were held in the church alter which tbe Bishop gate an. impressive addres« on toe efficacy, and necessity of .prayer to a large congregation. On Wednesday moinine nis Lorasnio. peieoraieu ; mass »v o n ™., when over 100 partook of the Holy Sacra ment from his bands. At 10 a.m. mass was aga^n celebrated by^ the Rev. Father Landy, after which tbe Bishop administered the order ,of confirmation to about 60 persons, ^be female candidates presented a very nice appearance being all dressed in white with red sashes and veils. Members of the. Bishops flock came from many miles around either to be present or take part in- the ceremony,' and tne Church though sufficiently large for its congrega tion on ordinary occasions was far tod small to accommodate those in attendance. T-he^ Bishop, askijd all .under the age of 21 who were confirmed tb become, total abstainers until' they had completed their twenty-first year, while those candidates ..no* .that mDB ho nslrorl In ime drink only in moderation if fit all, and all willingly complied with His Lofdship'e request. He lemarked tba^ during bis 14 years Buhup 28.850 persons had, signed the pledge after receiving confirmation at his hands. ..Dr. Reynolds,, who leaves here th s morning , foi| Macciesfield expresses himself as being highly, delighted with his visit, During his stay here be was the gurst oi Mrs. Jacob, of Ne«r,JHamburg. 