STORY OF THE MOON. There are few paints in modern scien tiic inquiry more important or more interestiLg than the application of each newly rcognised truth to all the variel matters en which it bears. The most strikin4 dxample of this process may be found in the application of spetros pie analysis to the heavenly bodies ; only in this case it chanced that though spectra scopic analysis is in reality an optical trethcd of pursuing chemical inquiries, it was o iginally (counting from the det?: tion of the dark lines in the spectrum) saggeste:d by astronomical research. Men inquired into the meaning of the dark lines in the s8ar spectrum long before they had any idea that in the spectral analysis of light they had a most effective method of chemical research. It seems natural enough, then, in that cane, to apply the principles dis covered in the laboratory to the work of the astronomer in the observatory. Ea: with many discoveries made in spsciil lines of re:_2arch this ha not been the cans. The worke:s in one field have been to· busily employed to note either on the one hand the value of their results for other fields then their own, or on the other, the advantage they might obtain from employing in their own field other workers' results. In this way many important discoveries have been mi=sed or delayed. Hence the necessity, which Spencer and others have pointed out, for scientific oveirsera, who, not workint specially in any field, but having a gen-~ast knowledge of what is going on in all, may note what the workers themselves would be apt to overlook --the general rather than the ep:cial significance of th'e re-ults obtained in the varionu fields of scientific laboar. In two directions results have been ob tained which enable us to examine with advantage the perplexing problems pr, rented by the surface of our neighba?r planet, the moon. On the one hand, astronomical observations on bodies of a very different class-t-he stars-have cor rected the old idea that the various orbs peopling space are probably formed of very different materials. Dr. Whewell was perhaps the last to nuin tain this doctrine (in his " Plu rality of Worlds") though we still occasionally hear a form of the doctrine advanced in the utterly untenable theory that in the solarsystem the oenter planets are formed of the lighter element., the inner planets of the heavier-a theory in consistent with physical and dynamic:1 possibilities. We now see that in all probability all the orbs in space are aggre gations of matter in which the various elements though not present in precisely the same proportions, are yet not very diversely represented. This doctrine applied to the moon at once defines the general nature of the problems we have to deal with, and suggests the line on which their interpretation must be sought. On the other hand, geologists have recognised the fallacies underlying their old ideas respecting the formation of the various features of the earth's surface-contour. They no longer regard mountain ranges as portions of matter thrust upwards by the earth's interior forces, or these interior forces as products of the interiorfiresof the earth. On the contrary,theyregardthe great mountains of the earth as among the pro ducts of exterior forces, the action of the sea, rain, wind, snow, and so forth,-as resulting from processes of deposition in long, trough-like hollows, the deposited masses being eventually raised by :side pressures. Again, they no longer regard mountain ranges as the oldest but rather as among the very youngest features of the earth's crust, the loftier mountains being younger generally than those of less elevation, while some of the smaller hills in certain regions are actually the wrecks of forms of elevation of which (at any rate on their old scale) no examples now remain upon the earth. Here, again, are changes of view which alter entirely the character of the problems presented by the moon's peculiarities of surface-contour, and may also servo to direct us to the proper lines of thought for their solution, as well as to new methods of observation for obtaining fresn evidence in regard to our companion planet. We shouldhave been glad if Mr. Naamyth, is issuing a newand cheaper edition of his valuable work on the moon, had taken the opportunity of reviewing the somewhat crude theories of the moon's volcanic history which are associated in this volume with the finest illustrations of lunar features- craters and mountain-ranges, peaks, ravines, and valleys-ever pro duced. His work in this third edition is indeed as valuable as ever; but it mght have been made much more valuable, if recent researches and recent results had been brought to bear upon its theoretical portions. These do not not need disuos sion, now, however; havine already been duly weighed. Theoyare a little more out of date now than they were when the first edition appeared, but not more obviously inconsistent with the views of to-day than with those already attained twelve years ago. Apparently there has been no attempt at revision even in points of detail. For we are still told that Schmidt's map of the moon cannot probably be prolduced, though it has now been several years in astro nomers'hands; and many little points of the same kind show that the present issue is only in the publisher's sense "a new edition." That the moon is, or rather has been a planet there can be very little doubt, though whether she was over a planet like our earth, may be reasonably questioned. She is now so utterly unlike the earththat it becomes rather difficult to imagine that there was ever even such general resems blance as is implied in the remark that she was once a planet. She is not only arid and airless, but even were she clothed with sea and air, she would yet be utterly unlike the earth, because of her long day of more than four weeks. We know, horiw ever, that that is a result of terrestrial influence-and that in the fulness of time our earth must undergo a similar chan?e. Indeed, this peculiarity, telling us as it does of the immense ageo of the moon, enables us more readilyto understand her death- like surface. It shows us that the moon has existed long enough as a planet to hlmve aged and died, even as we see she has. There is no difficulty, now, in under standing that even if formed as long ago, or later, the moon would have been much older than the earth. With 81 times as much mass and only 131 times as large a surface, our earth would have cooled through the various stages of her life much more slowly-in fact each stage would have Lhsted just as much longer as 81 exceeds 131, or be six times as long. Suppose the earth and moon both white hlo GO0 millions of years ago, then the moon would have reached the earth's present stage 50 millions of years ago, correspond. ing to 303 millions of years of earth-life co that the moon would tell us of the earth's condition 300,000,000 years hence. And though this result is based on as sumstions, it yet presents truly the general inference we may safely form that that the earth will not be in the same stage of planetary life as the moon until many millions of years have passed. (If each stage of the earth's life is six times as long as the correspond ing stage of the moon's, then-on any assumption whatever-the earth will only reach the moon's condition after a period five times as long as the interval which has elapsed since they were both simul taneouslj in the same stage, or running neck and neck in the raoe of platisoary life.) But even with this knowledge it remains dillicult to understand why the moon should be so unlike the earth. Thie waters of the eart may soak their way beneath the crust (as our underground cavea, and our hot wells and volcanic outbursts show they are doing) till they all disappoar. Our air can hardly, however, besame thinned to the condition of the lunar air. And even if it did, and everytrace of water had vanished, the earth would not be as the moon is. There are no great craters on the earth as on the mean; there are -carcely any great mountain ranges on the moon as on the earth. In these chiefly, but in other important respe ts also, the moon and the earth are so unlike that the uniformi.a-ian theory seems to fail. But so soon as we apply to the moon the two lines of reasoning which were touch:d on above, we at once find reason for er pecling lust such diteleneces as a-itualy exLt. MIade of the same m.teri!s, pro portioned probably in much the same way, the moon and the earth would have rvey different histories. To bhein with, e. we have just seen, the at ges of the man's life would be very much shorterthan tho.e of the lifetime of our e.s?th, and the-rifoe, even under the came conditions, the power of producing great ch :uges of contour would be far le-s in the moa's exs-. Eat the conditions would not be the same. With S1 times as much matter, and p-c samably about 81 tim eo as much water sp:read over a surface only 13} time s a large-the earth wosuld have had six times as much water por square mile as the moon: this would have made a great diierence in the eBsiency of all those forms of denuding action (and there are altogether the most imp:--at) which depend on the action o water in it, various forma; it would alro have g ea'v increased the duration of the a?saon of these forces upon the earth, as co-naps:-d with that of the action of the smilar but much feebler foes e on the moon. Bat an even more semarkabhe diesen-ce ap pears is rep?g- to 'he probable den-:ty o. the lunar air when she w . p:- sng thioughi that Lage of her !;re which co- respo- ded wilb the pre:cna stats of on earth's life. For, while precisely thesanme reasoning would apply to the air, :o that the quantity over each equare mi'e of the moon would probably have been bah on: sixth of the quantity orcr e?.ch squ;e mi's of the erth, th.t sm-"er quantity would have be:t compressed only by the small force of lunar gravity, about one-si-th of tor restrial gravity. Thus the density of the lunar air would h.we been one-thirty sixth of the density of the air we br:-t'e. Air so tenuous as this would not only be unfit to support life, it would have hat very small efficiency as a denuding age it, whether we consider its direct action, or its power in conjunction with water. On the whole, subharial denudation on the moon mest in all probability have been so exceedingly slow in its action, and the time during which it acted so enceed ingly short, that the wonder is how any denudation at all can have taken place on the moon's surface. We may probably ascribe such denudation as is indicated by the condition of the crater-covorrd regions, and by the aspectof the mountain ranges-indeed by the very existence of any mountain ranges at all-to the time when the lunar atmophere, like the earth's air in pasn ages, was laden with carbonic acid (carbon dioxide) sul phurou: acid, salphurettod hydrogen, boracic acid, and so forth. The earth's air when so constituted was immensely more derse than it is at present, and all the processes of denudation went on far more rapidly than they have done since. The lunar atmosphere at that stage of the moon's history was probably about as dense as our own atmosphere is now; but even if less der e, its constitution and its high temperature in connection with the high temperature of the crust, would lead to changer at least as rapid and effective (while they lasted) as those which have taken place on the earth since the earlie t ages of which geological records re main. Thus we should not expect to find the g eat craters belonging to the early stages of the moon's vulcanian history convert.d into such wrecks as alone ette.t on this earth the former eaiatenee of similar terrestrial crater-montniins. But we may yet fairly look for evidence of con siderable denudation during the time, short-lasting thounh it may have been, when the moon's atmoapbese and oceans were capable of doing effective denuding work. Accordingly we find that while the immense craters remain still the moat striking features of the moon's sn-ta·~ , they attest the action of subnh.rial denz dation during a period which, though it may have heen short comrpaed with the corresponding period of our earth's his. tory, must still be measured by hundreds of thousands of yeats. Now the great craters. grand though their remains are compared with the mere wrecks which (as in Mull and Skye) re main to show on our earth how large teo reotrial craters once were, show yet sign-, of denudation. And we see in lunar mountain ranges the products of such denuding work. The great range called the Lunar Apennines attests, for example, on- the moon the long-continued action of denuding forces by which the whole tract now occupied by the Sea of Serenity and the Sea of Show ers was covered with matter worn by the action of sea and storm, river, rain, snow, and wind, from the surface of the lunar continents around. In a vast trough-like depression running athwart what was once the floor of an immense sea (covering both the great regions just named) the products of denudation were deposited in greater quantity than on either side. Then as the region thus heavily laden with deposiaed matter sank more and more deeply, the mattes was collected (tothe depth of many miles) out of which the future mountain range was to be formed. When at length this process ceased, and the shrinking of the moon's crust compelled this seam of sedi mentary deposit to rise, forced upwards by side pressure, the range of mountains rose, rounded and dome-shaped then. but presently to be wrought into the precipi tous pinnacled forms now recognised in the Lmunar Apennines. The side pressures no doubt generated enormous heat, con verting the sedimentary strata into various kinds of crystalline rock, the harder materials resisting best the still active denuding forces of the lunar atmosphere, and forming the higher peaks of the range as we know itnow. But we see in the evidence of 'such denuding action, the last important traces of subsivial denuding in the moon. Not there as on this earth have lands and seas interchanged after the manner described by Tennyson when he says There rolls the deep where grw the trree ; Ol?crth what chose es thou hat: seen I Thcre where teloud streets rolr, hath bees The stilloo, s of the central era. The eills are shidows, aud thes nfow From form to form. and not'eiur stnds Lioke ists they melt. theo so!idlade, Like clouds thoey shaps themselves sand go. One interchange of land and water, and one only, can be recognised on the moun. The floors of the great seas tell of burla o continent-. The very shapes of sand covered craters, ns large as any now re maining uncovered, can be recognisci- shadowy and ghost-like, but still clearly recognisable--in the broad, dark tracks called seas, which doubtless are the floors of what were once great lunar oceans. Thus do thomost characteristic features of the moon's surface (except the immense ray-systems which belong to an earlier stage yet) find satisfactory interpretation in the comparative shortness of the stages of the moon's volcanian history. There are many great craters because there was not time or power to wear them down. There are few great mountain ranges because there was not time or power to fashion emany. But soee worok w. donein this way ;and the broad, dark sea- floors attest the energy with which for awhile Esch work went on, while the ghosts o! craters buried beneath the sands of those lunar seas show thatonc, if no more, sea replaced land even in the moon.-Knoi ledge. 