THE FIRST PERSON SINGULAR.' Bt David Christie Mckbat, j Acthor of "Joseph's Coat," "Coals oti FlKE," VAL iSTfiASGE." " Heabts, ' " A I Model Father," kc. \ Chattke XLIJ. With his bat tilted over his brows, and a thumb thrust into either tronser pocket, be' walked on staring at the pavement. .Suddenly a timid voice breathed his name, and look ing up 'with a great start, be beheld the widow, who stood near him with pale face, gyes swollen with many recent tears, and clasped, petitioning hands. "Hector," said the widow, in a frightened and appealing voice. " Julia," he answered. He was glad that his own face was pale, and that bis eyes were haggard with trouble He was rejoiced that be was dejected in mien and careless in dress. He knew that his own start of sac prise had been too real to be imagined a pre tence for an instant His. Spry had been driving homewards after a visit to Angela. When she had once got over the attack of hysteria in-which she had seen the last of the disgraced and dis carded Patriot she had gone home and spent the night in crying. Next day she hod driven bock to Angela, not altogether without a hope that Gltoarke might have done some thing in the meanwhile to clear himself, or that Angela might somehow, for some reason or no reason, have seen fit to change her mind about him, and give him hack his fair fame again. And now on her homeward way she had seen O'Rourke approaching with an attitude full of weariness and dejea •The right of republishing tola work ha* been pur» dmod ty the proprietors oi"a>c Amtwlariaa* Tfce sun of the early evening shone j don. Tfce sun oi the early evening =»• It" veJ on his beaarifoi gold bro» n ' j s&dlr; u he walked, his Ggcre was etil! noble in undeserved dbm! Or rf de- j taanrstv in na-ieserveu <"!»«= ; - serve.!, still in distress, and siill | Aci tfce lirrle trorosn lore ! and wc- rs. ipped him with her whole heart and soal, and grieved over him with a passion *l»U> grieved over him witti a ""7" seemed altogether disr-roj>orti mot to tne i forces of her nature. What was easier in lorces oi her nature. "rat "! the world to believe thin that he /"ft cared a little for Angela, and had then grown to care more for At ? Or what was more easily h-pefcl than that be might have began by thinking of her mon^y. and had gone on to love her for herself? the remembered how he had h»ke<l at her in the rail way carriage between London and Dover, how he had taken her hand in the ether railway carnage * «• « t t . Kj-.w I,*j nmis IkStT! Bex R£1M tu kfic OUici t 'i • between Brussels and Jvnenne, how his arms had enfolded her at H nf-y. Oh. surely it naa entowed tier at 11 m-y. was easy to believe he really iovtd ner. Snrefy it was hard to brikve him a pre tender. When she saw the sal worshipped figure in the street she srrwiei her coachman, scarcely thinking what she did, and alighting stood on the footpath to await 0 Koarke. tier nervosa hands lifted the heavy veil she had been wearing t" hide her swollen eyes, bat the scti.-u "was altogether uncon «**s- - v -> "I—I oogfct n -t t • speak to you, she said flatteringly. " t'-st I eoaUn't help it. Hector. I want yoc to teb me the truth. 1 lie real troth." She thought that this was what she wanted, bat, feeble and foolish as she was, she was only following in the track the wisest ot people had marked oat before her. She wanted to be toil that he i'oved her—that the misery of these late days was all built np on a cruel mistake, and that he was hers, and only hers, now and henceforward, whatever he might have i been. O'Rourke saw it all. un i his heart | arose within him ."new, with so keen and 1 piercing a pang of triumph that he had never j felt the hie. 1 "Julia," he sa] j, "I hire n: thing bat tfce j troth to tell you." He tr_s h. If reproachful, j wholly pitying as i devot-.d in his looks. iC3Tsy I drive L.n-e with you? Slay I uii : you everything ?" 14 Ve,' she ssi i, Is* In? b";h hau ls upon j her heart, and fingering painfully. " Come, i Tel! me the trc:.i. ' " j O'Kocree lent her his hand, and assisted 1 her to inannt into t he c.»t risge. Iie s .u-'eucd ; with a gesaioe ari-.sr :; e little fingers that j held his with so hysteric a pressure. He also I got into tfce carmge. an-i seatel himself; beside bet. She g;vs the oxtefcman the word ] for home, and tua: funcrirnary .trove away as stolidly as if he had L*xn purely m-. hanl e»\ tbcach it car. hardly have been p-jssibie that fce did not long n lock behind. Home was &>.a rtiche-i, and the little widow and her recovered deity were soon ! alone. j " fleeter," the sail, ** if you don't teil me J the truth HI never forgive you." ] Her knees trembled, ar.a she had to sit j down. He stood ]■;, -king gravely ami pity ingfy j into ber tearful at.; red-r.tntned ejei { " Jclia," he answered, it is very hard forj a man to ay what I have to say—what I most i soy. Bet when I know that ray lifelong! happiness depends upon it, and perhaps j yours, tor my heart fiarers me so far as to ' make nse believe you kve me, unworthy as I am " " Teil me the troth." implored Julia, and so saved his from chat he felt to be an awkward period. " Under any less pressure than this." he! answered, "« would be niinunfy to tell it But the whole troth is that a woman's tm fossdot anJ carets'natue jeaiouKly has parted ws and msde cs brail unhappy-' At this Mn irpry's strength returned to < her. she arose to her feet and seized Lim by i»th hands. *' Hector," she said. *41 uld her so. But the said she luted yon." Tbe smile that answered this was real enough. The Patriot had ad along believed himself to hate inspired the lenderest interest In Acre la's heart. He had been cer tain that he had but to ask cud to have. He was as sue of that in his own mind at this moment as be had ever been. *' My darling," said t/Boorke, with a lolty and yet tender remomar-mce, " do yon see how impossible, how croeily impassible yon made it fur me to defend myself properly in her presence» Don't yon see how still more croeily ins possible it wtwfor me to defend myself when Maskelyne appeared ? How conld I wound Alaskeii ne ? A man I've lowed like a brother this ten years. A man who baa heaped canntiess benefits on me I A man rao has acted sovarh u«e with a con stant kindliness. Julia, I swear to you by all I bold sacred that I It** Miss Butler's pre j directum tor uiyselt before you sua I ever j ®£fc '* yooand I hud never met—I confess it! \ou ask me for the troth, Julia, and you n without disguise ' Ifvou and I had never met 1 might have brought myself to look open MUs L'utier as a chann ing and suitable future wife for me. But that I ever lored her, that I ever told her so or gave herreason to hope so or believe so! is profoundly fake. I have uever loved a i^u,liUmil..Lmet.^ J »**ve never breatbei a trord ot lore to any woman but yourself, ion wjil believe me some dar 1 can go away and wait. And even if we meet no more I have a certain prophecy in my own hettrfc^oo will understand me and dome " Don't go, Hector," said the widow. Dunn« the whole of his harangue she hsd held his hands and had kept her eves ii tpA upon his, and he had endured her gare hte an honest wan, and bad returned it with a Bad and gentle gravity inevm-fpcitii, affecting. " Don't go, Hector rmeipress,bl> He had not the remotest intention that way He was not m tne least a lad/mnose creature, and bad never found it necesWto have tears at command, but what ^th th^ prwligious spiritual strain he had been under, and what with the merely iih,3 fart that his erea were tired, and that thi fixed gaae made them ache a little, his grJve and genOe look was obscured by a few th n tears. He knew that they were there and ^unteil on them to be elective. WhVn the? had fairly over brimmed and had ran dom? into bis beard, tmkhng their channel some m " C0Uree' e turned bk h^d the ffjdow, "don't g9 >" JnllA. lift JKHmAnrlaJI »,:iL it * lor HUH i nai e never committed. I ca «ntto _ ^yoa without your full and complete confidence. Cau vonffi Ui really believe me?" you truly and J3S&" "1* u° to to poison your mind against me. Th«e iL?SffiS?W P tb^ffo^a--a fuU and bankrupt in bope, I would rather leave you here ana now, and never see you more, than be exposed again to the shame and misery of these two days. Look well into heart, dearest Be sure that • • • — t— — 1.1 your own Heart, ~Y" you are strong enoughinlovef^orrae toba able to despise the sbalts that will assail you." The poor thing, with both arms round bis neck, was crying on Ills breast "Don't, Hector I Ob, don't 111 never doubt you any more, Hector! I cannot bear to live without yon. Yon will love me, won't you? Oh, Hector, if you didn't love me 1 should break my heart and die !" He was a scoundrel, thrice tried and proved, and yel this touched him nearly, It would not have been easy to have been altogether false in protestation in answer to an appeal like this. To begin with the Patriot was a man and a young one, and the widow was a woman and a pretty one. He clasped her in his arms and kissed ber as she had never been kissed before. His new-born vehemence hall frightened her. He vowed and swore he loved her, and dropping on his knees he smothered ber hands with kisses. It took a full three or four minutes to sober him down Irom this transport, and then he began to plead lor an immediate union. Why should they wait? What was there to wait for? Why should she run the risk of bring assailed by these envious tongues again ? She struggled a; little, and ended by giving way. They were to be married at once, privately, and by special licence. And when all this was agreed on the Patriot save the lady an astonishment He dropped his bead on his hands on the elbow of a sofa, and cried there. His triumph here, his fasting of the last two or three days, bis betrayal of Do broski, his mad joy and his shams all tugged at bim, and between them—with his own consent—they got him down. It was an absolute ami scarcely describable relief to yield, but be would never have yielded had he been alone. Jnlia bong about him sooth ing him, pitying him profoundly, and yet re joicing in these signs of emotions. Here, palpable and obvious, was a proof of sincerity. She did not tell herself so, for there wasl no need to express to herself a truth so self-evident. No man could simulate ft storm like this. . , . " I am ashamed, he said, ashamed ! when he looked up with wet ejea and face. " But 1 have borne more than I ever can tell j yon. Don't despise me. dear, for being so un Despisehim ' And unmanly? She thought tiie tears altogether sacred. She kissed the little laee-bordered end scented tride with which she dried them on his face. "It you had sent me away I would never have shown you a sign of this, though i had died to hide it," he told her. If his declara tions were ali a little llorid, and sometimes expressed with the least tone of romantic swing and rhythm in tlieir phrase, he knew to whom he was talking,and adapted himself to his listener, which is the highest and the surest mark of a tine talker. The big; expressive eyes and the saucily tilted nose were swollen and distigured, but1 the little mouth, with its lips trembling with sensitiveness, and die pearly rows behind the life, were just as delightful us ever. She prattled with so innocent a joytulness, and looked with so flatteringly a worship that u'Kocrke was more and more in love with | her every inmate. Dut at last " You must go now," rite said, blushingly and smilingly. " 1 have a thousand thingB to da" He pleaded for & little time—half-an-honr —twenty minutes—a quarter of an hoar. She granted the quarter. Then he began to wish he had not begged to stay, for somehow the thought of Dobroski begun to grow so horribly troublesome to htm that he could not hide his uneasiness. Julia saw the cloud, and saw him strive to chase it. Women who are in love, even if they happen to be very simple and childish in other matters, are quick at things like these. But she thought she knew the cause, and so his trouble brought her a new pleasure. " Hector," she said, timidly. " Darting," he answered. " Are you—are you very easily offended ?" " No," he said, doing his best to smile, but! seeing the Dobroski ghost too near and threatening to succeed. ] " I cayn't," said the pretty little widow, j hiding her face in her bands, quite in the old war. " Can't what, dear naked O'Kourke. " I'll write to you. I want to say some tiling, and I cayn't say it. Let me write. You won't be offended. Will you?" " I will try very hard not to be," he an swered. There was a tender parting, and he was out in the streets alone, witu bis amazing good fortune. No. The Dobroski spectre was here and would not be dismissed if he had but known what lay in wait for him he j would hare denounced that scoundrel of a! spy unhesitatingly. Could he not even now j denounce htm to Dobroski, nutting the old ; man on hie guard, and at the first possible hoar return that dirty money to Zeno or Dr. Driin. He felt his hands 6oilcd by the touch of the notes he had taken but a few hours before, nnd was ready to do anything to dear himself of the feeling. And yet, urgent as his inward protestations were, he did nothing. When he got home he lonnd an urgent Parliamentary whip awaiting him. He had been lax in duty of late, and made up his mind to go down if it were only to eee the last of the place, and to take an unspoken leave of old companions there. He went down and voted with his old companions, and then walked home again, and pot to bed and to sleep, but he dreamed of Donroski under the knout, and woke horrified. When morning came be sat himself resolutely to business, and when the day was sufficiently advanced be strolled out and visited a tradesman or two who had of late grown troublesome, and paid them, using the money that soiled him so much in the handling. Then he went home suddenly resolved to pay no more until actual compulsion was laid upon bim. He would keep as much of this shameful eleven hundred as he could, and at the earliest possible moment he would send tue whole sum bock to Zeno with a warning to disappear in four-and-lwenty hours. As lor what might happen in the mean time —that was a thing he hardly cared to think of. , It was early afternoon when a letter from Juhareadiedhim. He opened it with a curious sort of misgiving, and rose to his feet startled at the sight of a cheque within the letter. The cheoue was for no less a sum th«»n a thousand pounds. The little widow's accompanying letter told him that she had heard of his embarrassments, and had de eired to speak of them, but could not find the coai?K®v % was to take this whether he wanted it or not, and if be refused she would never, never forgive bim. She would never ** h©. spoke or wrote a w . uy WIUIQ tt word about it. He was to take it* and to forgive her for sending it And he was to ? »H 4U4M. MP WW W j believe that ehe waa always, always, always I his own loving and faithful Julia. , 1 When onoe he knew the priceless good fortune that had befallen hi®. u _ hat, dashed into the etreet, *^ cab, was dnven to the bank, lost In time, and was the last £,M that day, bit when he raemejfiN the price of his own freedom and rjA safety in h® pocket HedUmUsJr^i and walkedbomewaid, thinWk, liis road fed himbr the panmSI^" into which he had looked smu V twenty hours earlier. Once mo» i„% quick imaginative way, he went uZSl terday's dream. SupporeZeno^Pi his sdvtoa toe nmney back! ao near bis final spring that kVwj! O ltourire entered the ahop W^J revolver and cartridges. lie wenthotn?S loaded Mb purchase, and nnt n 5_™s pocket .Then teeing, ft it unsightly fashion 1 coat to hide it chanted out eleventh! pounds, lotoed the rest of hU aon^ writing-desk, and walked towutfffl chambers. He had heard the adhmu U> toe cabman yesterday, and, fortS remembered it ^ Wroblewakoff was not at home. return St 8 o'clock arid the mail certain of that—in answer to cvuzl. inquiry—because he had ordered diZS that boor, and expected some gentwl dine with him • | Very well, said 0 Rourke. " I ml at about that time." ** 