•J hope I don't wtruda." Terms ofSiilisoriptlon^l per annam, pafct in ad ance ; single copies M each. ^ JPorVarded, post free, to any I part of the Colonies. ' . ~ I was not.the only one to kill Jack Massie. The Port Degison Times is, equally guilty, and the editor was so scared when he saw what he thought was Jack's ghost walk into his sanctum, that he went on to his knees and—tried to pray. Harry Bolton, host of the Queen's Hotel, Towns- ville, and who has been a resident of Townsville and Charters Towers for the past twelve years, is about to migrate to Sydney, where he has purchased a twenty-one years lease of Pfhalert's hotel for £126,000 . He is going to spend another £15,000 in additions to the building, and when these are com- pleted it will accomodate over 200 guests. Harry and his wife will be much missed from the North, and by his departure Townsville will lose a warm- hearted, open-handed citizen, who has ever shewn a lively interest in all that concerns the welfare of the town and district, while sportsmen in particular will lose in him an enthusiastic devotee of all turf and field sports. Happily he has determined not to part with his property interests in and around Towns- ville, so that he will still have a bond of union with his old home. Harry has the most cordial wishes of all who know him that he may, as he is pretty sure to do, make a mint of money, and a great name in his new quarters. Waxter Thompson is Clermont's solicitor^ Se J has enjoyed a monoply of that title ever since poor Dan Mayne (ajson of old "Bathurst Dan") went to 1 plead his case before a higher court. In the enjoy ment of that monopoly Walter has done well. In that' little town, of which Drummond-street is the head, body, and tail, Walter is a favorite. - Unlike., others in that town, he is not the slightest bit slovenly in dress. Fevt men dress as neat as Walter Thompson, ..and no one is a greater believer in a carefully arranged necktie. The only part of his costume which seems out of place, is a shovel hat of gigantic proportions. A good musician* he is the possessor of a very fair voice. But it is in female parts in amateur acting that ,Walter shines in. He once played Pauline in the Lady of Lyons, and any one who did not know it was Walter would have sworn it was a genuine woman. And capital impersonator of ladies as he is, he is a great favorite with them. As a lawyer he is about the average, but he would never make such an impression Oil a jury as a fi Serjeant-Buzfuz." As a public man he is mixed up in all the local institutions, and is a capital com mittee-man. He is a grand cricketer—only he doesn't play, and has courage enough for any athletic feat—only—only—yes, there is always an " only" in those matters. Jimmy Powers, I see, was triumphantly returned at the Bundaberg municipal contest. James seems to be a favorite in the Burnett city now. But he. deserves to be., Years ago Jimmy was in Mary borough. The Maty river city was far mr re lively then than it is now. The old spirit seems to have died out:jimmy afterwards drafted to Port Doug las, where he officiated as C.P.S., clerk of the Doug las Divisional Board, and heaven knows how many other billets. He used to hang out at Wilson's On the beach (or nigh it), and a lively old crew was there at the time. There was M'Rae, now manager of the V' New South" at Normanton; Orlando Bridgeman, better known as "Oscar Wilde j" Jack Boss, Ben. Hirst, and "Victor." They are all scattered now, Orlando is in Cloncurry, Ross in Brisbane, Hirst still in Port Douglas, and " Victor" is—the Lord knows where ; probably undergoing a life sentence, if he is not hanged by this time. But to return to Jimmy. He was changed to Bunda berg, where he flung up the Government service, and took to law. I believe James has succeeded with his new love. Any way, he is a full blown ^derman, and, probably, in the near future, will' develop into a mayor. And, b^ the powers, he would make a good one. Ta ta, James. Snowden is not dead yet, hut there is no chance of running a race cn a beach in Bundaberg. Henry Salomon is the new manager of the Bank of New South Wales at Maryborough, where he succeeds M'Cullagh, who has just been changed to Rockhampton. It is some years now since Saluion was a resident in the city of the Fitzroy. He was" then accountant; and left there as full blown manager to take charge of the Clermont branch. Since'then Salmon vegetated in the lagoon city. He was very: quiet but hardworking.. In. the local School oft'Arts and Hospital he. took a great interest, and did not spa?^ himself in the interests of both institutions. When he was leaving the other, the Clermont people i&ade; him a present of, a "rale, goold watch,and, at thib presentation, the usual complimentary speeches were indulged in. Am6ng the speakers was the irrepressible Pat Killeen, who declared that. Salmon was, " shure the only gintle man" that he met in Clermont. ; 'Ned Norvill, of Gladstone, is as well known about that region as any one X know of. Thoroughly popular, Ned is held in high esteem by all classes. He used to be the he&d; centre of a rare set, includ ing MelliFont, Coasejack Bruce, &c.;, which used to assemble in Bruce's coffee room. f To hear Ned des cant pn the beauties of Gladstone is a treat. One would think that there i^as no other town but Gladstone, and there is not in Ned NorvilFs eyes. It should be the capital—should it not, Ned ? George J. Lever, manager of the Charters Towers branch of the Bank of New South Wales, has been transferred to Warwick. He will be much missed at the former town, where, for about four years, he has taken an active part in every move ment tending to the benefit of the town or district. Tom Pryde, of Ipswich, is as genial a fellow as you could wish to meet. ; Unassuming in manner, Pryde has no false pride abput him, and few of the Ipswich boys are more popular with the.fair sex than Tom is. A good footballer, and: a fair, cricketer, Tom has often distinguished himself in the athletic world. Steady, cautious, and far-seeihg,Tom, like many other Ipswich boys, is bound to mate his way In life. ■ Charles Campbell, the new mayor of Too . woomba, is one of " the auld tribe." Whether he is a distant relation of His Grace of Argyll I am not in # position to say, b^t, if,, the Que^n'j. son-in-law should visit Toowoomba during the ensuing year (which is not probable), he might recognise in it's chief magistrate one of his own kinsmen.; But there are Campbells and Campbells. Charley is one of a powerful family in Toowoomba. His brother James is identical with that rising statesman, that cicero niah-cum-demosthenian orator, the member for Aubigny. Another brother is " genial Willie another is Hughy, and another is " Saint Matthew the Apostle." But none of them—not even Jimmy —possesses as much ballast as Charley. Cool, calcu lating, far-seeing, and "up to snuff, and even a pinch beyond." Such is Charley Campbell. Not much poetry or sentiment about Charlry. He knows how many beans make five, and, if you wish to euchre him, you have to. hold the two bowers and the "joker;" if you don't, Charley will the " joker," and the joke will be at your ex pense. That he will be a worthy occupant of the mayoral chair is admitted by all. He is a.practical man of the best sort, and has no . faith in vapid theories. W. T, Colvin seems to have been a favorite in Normanton, if one may judge by the account in the Carpentaria Times of the farewell spread given to him by the " bachelors of Landsborough-street," ere he left the " City of the Norman." Let me see—I think I know Colvin. If I remmber right, he used to be a spare, thin-looking, delicate fellow, but a capital hand at palming off a second-hand article on a soft-looking customer as by " the least possible make, sir—the finest texture, ma-a-m—nothing could be better." If I mistake not, he lived in Clermont some years ago. I lost sight of him afterwards, until that par. in Dempsey's paper recalled him to mind. He used to be fond of the ladies, arid I pre sume he still exercises his little fascinations. It appears that he was lately with Burns, Philp & Co., but he has deserted the Normans for his old firm, Winter and Lea. of Clermont. Colvin received a handsome present from the "bachelors" ere he left. By all accounts they had a very jolly evening. Whether any one went home sober I have not been able to learn, but, if any one was allowed to do so, then Normanton must be changed since my time — that is all. John Stuart, or Inspector Stuart, as he is better known in Rockhampton, is a real chip of the old block. Born in Ireland about 40 years ago, his youth was spent in the Emerald Isle. His pere held the rank of Inspector in the "Royal lrish," and his visiting duties often took him into the wildest parts of Connemara. In such perambulations he was often accompanied by his son, Jack, who, to this day, can recapitulate stories of the Irish peasantry in the West—tales in which hard riding Galway long prominently figured. Listening to him recalls many an old scene in the West—of fog and sunshine, by mountain and stream, of a cold, biting, but bracing, freeze, of a morning in the bogs, and of the spray of the green billows of the Atlantic dashing and splashing among the rocks off the coast of Mayo. Such glimpses of the past are afforded by John Stuart. Over twenty years ago he landed in the Queen of the Colonies, and by long and faithful service he has risen to his present position. Of the old native police the Inspector can tell countless yarns, and keep a company amused for hours. The year before last he had twelve months' leave of absence, and availed himself of it to re-visit old scenes. Genial, good humoured, easy going, but very careful in attention to his department, the Inspector is very popular. A good rider and a splendid shot, he is the beau ideal of a sportsman. The snipe or plover that escapes John Stuart is lucky. No one in Rockhampton is, or deserves to be, better liked. Be Lacy brothers, charged with cattle-stealing, land admitted to bail by the Muttaburra Bench, each of them in £300 himself, and two. sureties <£150 each. Total for the pair, £1200. Stiff this. Davt, the much esteemed manager of the Black all branch of the Q.N. Bank, has come South on a well earned two months' holiday. The Blackall folks " fizzed" him at Lane's hotel before he went. \- Alderman Ga:fnor intends to leave Maryborough ' and settle down where his eloquence and ability will biave wider, scope, and, perhaps; better appreciation. J. P. Wood, of thfe Maryborough Union Foundry, has turned sugar-planter. He gave ^83100 for the Urangan Sugar Plantation, an estate of £80,000 acres—mostly scrub; 70 acres under cane, with sugar-mill, vacuuni pan, etP.i complete. Mrs. James Chattin, a well-known and popular Bun daberg lady, died there the week before last. Soeikt)le, hospitable, and charitable, she will be missed by many friends, but how will everlasting Chattin be welcomed amongst the Eternal Silences P Thomas Lynett, of the Royal Mail Hotel, Win ton, has been committed to take his trial on a charge of embezzlement. - Well-known and loved was Thomas Lynett, Whose friends go bail, there's nothing in it. The injudicious Hooker preferred walking about in the sun, outside the Normanton court-house, to availing himself of the stifling accommodation pro vided for witnesses within. In the evening, when the sun went down, he died. Frank Goodwin, of Bundaberg, is one of the latest recruits which Sergeant Hymen has suc ceeded in enlisting in the Benedict Army. It took Frank a long time to consent to take Cupid's shill ing, and, even when he did, he went a long distance, and so "Crossg rain's" bachelor days are ended. Bless my soul, all the Bundaberg boys seem to be getting spliced. There are a few of the old bachelors left. There was a time when there was a nice group of them in the Burnett River Ciiy, but one by one they have alf droppbd off. . Ah, well, F.M.G., I wish you luck, old fellow. You are good, and good wins the day. May you long live to march inthte matrimonial ranks, and, when the time comes to "fall out," and shuffle cff ,Life's parade, may other Frank's be ready to take , your place in the ranks. Frank by. name, and Fr\nk by nature. F. W. Baxter is the. manager of the Joint Stock Bank at Topwoomba. Something less than twenty stone in vveigii't, F.W.B. is as jolly as he is rotund. A capital man of business, a fine amateur actor, and a gocd all round man, it would be strange if Baxter was not popular. But he is, as any one who has resided in Bed Mud City can inform you. Many are the comical st dote himself,;, and if he chcoses, amused for hours. But if any cne happens to take sudden notion, about 2 o'clcck in the n^omingi4o ring B.'s private bell, and he descends—only to find no one visible, he is not sinuscd. A fair.thjji^is a fair thing, but—ringing bills at 2 a.mfe is not'.'' 