Opening of. Parliament Paeliamext wasopenedatnoon onTues-, day. The Throne Speech, read by, his Bx ceUency the Administrator, is sufficiently comprehensive and specific; and withal it is businesslike to a degree. The in terval of the; seBsions^has been' filled with incidents not of less moment.than the deeds of the sessions themselves. The Speech opens with an explanation of-' the lateness of the present session. Last year the House commenced busi ness on July 7, that is a week after the financial year had closed. This year it is three days later. The inconveniences of this, as we have noted, are that tem porary Supply Bills have to be passed, and it is always possible that the session may reach on into the hot months of the year. The late commencement has one advantage, namely, that the finan cial year being ended, its entire course comes under review, and preparations can be made with more certainty as to what is wanted, and may be attempted. The first session of the Federal Conncil falls in for an early notice, chiefly because Queensland had the best representation there. But the hope that' the colonies not represented there may before long join the federa tion is slightly forlorn. At this moment there is nothing to lend aid. to the desire that the outstanding colonies will come in, and the present session of Par liament can do nothing to quicken their steps beyond showing a fervent: desire that great questions common to the group may eventually be considered byafederal council sufficiently large in numbers to give weight to their deliberations and actB. With gentle hand the address touches the dispute which arosS at the close of last session relative to the power of the Council to deal with money bills. The question was: debatable .or it would not have been, debated. The weakness of the position taken up by the majority in the Council was that they, not being constitutional lawyers, rested their cause upon their' read ing of constitutional law-. - JPrima facie, the case was against them, since the persons most" likely to be right' on a constitutional question,' and on the usages of Parliament, were on the other side. The paragraph con tains the proper remark that tms deci sion by the Privy Council will be found to be a satisfactory determination of a much vexed question. The trouble as to New Guinea is referred to, but the fate of the Premier's proposals -is not yet known. Should the Imperial .Govern ment asBent to these proposals it will be a remarkable example of what may be done by adroitness over-and above the dashing course of bolder politicians. But the assent, when given,'will not settle the difficulty. Indeed, unless somb^ 'thing further is promptly done trouble will then begin. But the time will bring its cares, and they|need not be' anticipated. The New, Hebrides busi ness iB noticed, and may in one form or another come before ■ Parliament; but it is to be hoped that the ghost of .the next general topic'named, that 'is the returning of kidnapped kanakas to their homes, will be for ever laid, so soon as the little bill', all too large, much as it was reduced, has been paid. Coming to the affairs of the session, the first paragraph relates to the financial condition of the country. Parliament will note the admonitory remark that " it will be necessary for the present to exercise the most rigid economy; in expenditure," followed by an expression of confidence that the Legislature " will cordially concur with and assist in this course." The measures for the1 session embrace a few remanetB. The most interesting amongst them is " a bill to provide for the pay ment of the expenses incurred by mem bers of the Legislative Assembly in attending Parliament." Since these payments can be made in fact, there is no reason why they should not be made by statute. If . they are not fixed .in that way, a Government more liberal, or as some persons would say, more corrupt than the present, may any day increase the amount, and besides pay ing expenses, also •. grant a salary. Amongst the measures which-should be useful is one relating to goldfields, and another relating to mining;for coal, should be welcome. Two of thepromiaed measures relate to the administration of justice. Nineteen measures in all j are promised, with a hint that other1 matters may be considered. 'None of theBe measures are of a party character, and therefore on that ground ho time j will be wasted over them, but since at J least ten of them relate to great in 'dustries, it is of the first importance that they be carefully considered. ,The j session promises to be legislative in-the first degree, and almost the only room for party warfare will be found in pro posals which may be made in regard to an enlarged revenue. It is when parties fall into trouble that they fall into petty disputations; but wrangling will never •pay a debt. Not excepting this, the augurs' are propitious, tne sacred birds have eaten the grain. There is no need to toBS them overboard with the observation that if they will not eat they shall drink.' The watchwords are: The autonomy of the country, the unity of the empire, fidelity to all. 