CHRIST CHURCH, BEXLEY. 'The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of Christ Church, in the parish of St. George, Bexley, near Rockdale, was performed on Saturday by Dr. Barry, Primate of Aust- ralia. The weather was bleak, and a drizzling rain fell during the afternoon. The attendance of spectators was consequently rather small but not unsatisfactory considering that the district is about 12 miles from the city, and at present only sparsely populated. The assisting clergy who were present on the occasion were the Rev. W. H. Saun- ders, incumbent of the parish ; the Rev. G. E. Stiles, of Canterbury ; and the Rev. Charles Baber. The clergy and people repeated by alternate verses the 132nd Psalm; after which the lesson (I Corinthians iii.), followed by the collects for the 13th Sunday after Trinity, and for St. Simon and St. Jude, were read. The Primate, who had previously been presented with a silver trowel, then laid the foundation stone, using the following words : " I lay this as the foundation stone of the church in this place, named Christ, to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. 'Except the Lord build the house their labour is but lost that build it. The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper thou the work of our hands upon us; O, prosper Thou our handy work ; for the sake of Jesus Christ our Redeemor and Advocate' ". The scroll bore the following inscription:- " This foundation stone of Christ Church, in the parish of St. George, was laid by the Most Rev. Dr. Barry, LL.D., D.D., Primate of Aus- tralia, on the 24th day of July, in the year of our Lord, 1886, the 50th year of the reign of H.M. Queen Victoria, and the 98th year of the colony of N.S.Wales. Baron Carrington, P.C., G.C.M.G., Governor; W. H. Saunders, incumbent; Messrs. Ransoms and Hardy, architects ; John Bonner, builder. Committee : Rev. W. H. Saunders, chairman ; Henry Kinsela, George Preddey, Joseph Davis, Alexander Milsop, Thomas Milsop, C. J. Burney, H. P. Tidswell, Thomas Leeder, Fred. J. Gibbins, David White." The stone having been duly laid, The Primate addressed a few words to the congre- gation, taking as his text the words, "Samuel took a stone and set it, and called it Ebenezer, that is, stone of help: for he saith hitherto hath the Lord helped us." (I, Samuel vii. 12). He said that every word of the text seemed to apply to the occasion, and to the particular work for which they had met. It implied a beginning, and had also regard to an end. The passage showed that the begin- ning was the beginning of the deliverance of Israel from the power of the Philistines. One blow had been struck, under God's blessing, but there was a long and arduous strife still to be waged before the final emancipation of Israel was accomplished. The congregation of Christ Church also had begun a good work; and he was well aware that before what was called the foundation stone could be laid, a large amount of labour, time, and thought must have been bestowed; and that men's hearts must have been stirred to feel that a church was needed and to make the sacrifices that were necessary to build it. And, as in the case of the Israelites, there was much to be done before the undertaking could be brought to a success- ful completion. They must continue the good work in the same spirit, and the same trust in which they had begun; nor would they be able to rest from their labours until the building was finished and free from debt. To carry out that work required energy and patience, and that each should try to do something for God. In the case of the great cathedrals built in Europe hundreds of years ago, those who contributed towards the work seldom had much to bring in the wayof money, but they gave their labour instead —one sculptor carving one pillar, a second a portion of the woodwork, a third the windows, a fourth contributing a pane of stained glass ; and so the edifice gradually grew under the combined efforts of many. It was not, perhaps, within the power of his hearers to do precisely the same at the present day, but it was still within their means to assist in the work, as he instanced by a case in which the whole of the furniture of a church had within his own knowledge been provided separately by individuals. He assured his hearers that with such unity of purpose and feeling and faith in God their work would come to a bright and happy issue. The ceremony concluded with a hymn, the Apostles' creed, and the benediction. The offertory placed upon the stone amounted to £20. A description of the building, as it will appear when finished, has already been published in the Herald. 