Moot Points. We have already in these columns suggested several ways in which the Queen's Jubilee might fitly be celebrated, and any of our readers who take the trouble to recall our re- commendations cannot fail to remark that they are all distinguished by the mark of cheapness. We were about to say by the "note" of cheapness (in the precious literature of the day anything characteristic is a " note"), but we were afraid is might in this country convey the idea that our suggestions on the above subject would involve an expenditure of 20s. But, valuable as we considered our suggestions to bo, we cheerfully withdraw them in favour of the admirable idea thrown out by Mrs. Fawoett. Her proposition, to be sure, is meant for the United Kingdom, bub there is no reason why it should not be equally applicable here, especially as it has the prime advantage of not costing a cent. Mrs. F i-vcctt's idea is that the Jubilee would be a most appropriate time to confer the franchise upon womon. Now we h«ve not as yet committed ourselves on the question of the advantage or disadvantage of what iB called tho Political Emancipation of Woman. Personally, we confess, we like woman, but with a small w—possibly because we have been foiled in endeavouring to secure one with a capital. At all events we are not consumed with the fervour of Female Suffrage. But, paradoxical as it may appear, it is quite possible to be even actively opposed to the admiaiion of women to the full rights of citizenship, and yet to hold sincerely that the pasaing of an act in favour of Female Suffrage would be an excellent way of celebrating the Queen's Jubilee. For clearly whatever is done, or inaugurated, to mark that auspicious time must from the very nature of the csse partake of the nature of a memorial. It must be some thing that will commemorate, or keep from being forgotten, the occasion of its existence. And if the much discussed memorial takes the shape of a statute admitting women to a share in the contests of political elections, we will guarantee, with our whole real and personal property, that the Queen's Jubilee will never, never, be forgotten. The recent employment of clairvoyance m an agency for the detection of criminal* rousei vi to remark tbat we are for fair play even to assassins. We would employ against them the whole machinery of the law, but nothing else; and under the machinery of the law we are quite willing to include all apparatus worked by the ordinary and known forces of nature, such as galvanic batteries for telegraphic purposes, photographic appliances, and any thing else that science may furnish us with in aid of the detection of crime. But we draw the line at the—we will not say merely super natural, but the—occult, or extra-scientific. If we were on the jury in a Fibber's Ghost case, we would vote for the accused getting off, even if we thought the ghost had told the truth. Not only does the ghost unfairly prejudice the case, but it alters the whole conditions of it. It takes it out of the scope of the principles of law on which the jury system itself depends, so that to treat as legal evidence facts which have been led up to by a ghost would be to go outside the sphere of law altogether. And precisely so would we feel inclined to act in a case where detection had been brought about by consultation with a clairvoyant It is not fail. Even a potential murderer has a right to know the conditions under which he is going to act. Re knows that all the agencies of law, and as much of science as practicable, will be brought to bear upon him, and if, in spite of this knowledge, he does the deed, and swings for it—good and well. But, on the other hand, had he known that a woman in Woolahra, or anywhere else, had her eyo upon him all the time, or could at any moment, under certain easily induced conditions, discover his victim and describe himself, he wouldn't have done it. Of course, all assassins aro aware that pottibly some one whom they have overlooked may be witness of the criminal act, and they choose to risk that. Such is the natural course of things. But to turn an unexpected bull's eye on them from a distance of hundreds of miles is to alter the conditions of the case, altogether. It at once gives the criminal the benefit of the considera tion of having acted ia ignorance. The crime was committed on the assumption of the uniformity of tho ordinary laws of evidence, and it is taking an unfair advantage of him to violate this uniformity. We may be wrong but at all events if ever we find ourselves con demned for a crime which has been accurately traced to us by dairvovrat agency we shall not go to the gallows wi&out; making a very strong protest indeed. Is Prance ever going to remove her forces from the New Hebrides and relinquish her claim to be the sole proprietor of those fair islands with their dusky inhabitants ? It may be all very well to a md telegrams to our Acting* Governor assuring him that the whole thing is to be settled directly. That, of coarse, is to prevent Queensland from taking any predpi* tate action in the matter, because, as we are known to be a little hasty sometimes, the Im perial Government are apprehensive lest we should despatch the Palumah and Gaynndah, with some of our muck-punts armed with swivel guns, to New Caledonia and the Isle of Pine*, to subdue them as well a* the New Hebrides and annex them to Queensland. This, of course, would involve the mother-country in endless complications with to balls France, and perhaps force her to fight Butthe very Courier that published his Excellency's telegram ad vised us through its own telegraphic column that the Secretary of State for the Colonies is desponding of effecting a satisfactory adjust* ment. Did the French withdraw their men from Baiatea after sending them there in viola tion of the treaty with Great Britain 7 She intended to do so by-and-by, and she also ill sends to withdraw from the New Hebrides " by- and.by." But in the meantime—just to change the subject so as to prevent its becoming monotonous—when does England propose to withdraw her troops from Egypt ? By-and-by, is it ? And when will she retire from Cyprus ? By-and-by again 1 Oh, cortainly; and by-and by France will withdraw from the New Hebrides, say about the time that Russia .with draws those troops from Varna whioh landed on parole and forgot to board their vessels again. Perhaps it would be more satisfactory to all parties to have a permanent date fixed for the withdrawal of their troops. The Ides of March, for instance! How would that do ? The advisableness, or otherwise, of renewed "~ effort in the way of Antarctic exploration is ■till being discussed in England and elsewhere. What it is that people expect to reaoh as the reanlt of such undertaking is not very clearly defined. Even if a plain sailing-track were discovered that would lead to the South Pole Mid up again into the main ocean highways, it is not likely that it would be extensively availed of for-the purposes of either peace or war. Rich Englishmen, of the blatt, love-croat, or suicidal torts, might add it as a third alternative to the Rocky Mountains and Equatorial Africa, but that would be about all Or suppose even that the explorers came upon an inhabited terrestrial Paradise in a region of South Polar calm, the dwellers wherein were even as the angels for innocence and happiness, the discovery, instead of being a benefit, would prove an unmitigated curse to the natives. There are minds, however, which wonld scout the idea of testing the value of such enterprise by the gross standard of material advantage. Of such sort is that of Dr. Walter Dickson, one of the survivors of the Antarctic Expedition of 1845, who, accord' ing to the Melbourne Argus, "expresses the opinion that another expedition would probably be barren of all utilitarian results; but holds that an occasional nautical enterprise should be undertaken by and at the cost of the Australian colonies, in order to encourage them to maintain the name and fame they have inherited from the parent country." One repents on reading this of having ever breathed the slightest breath of discouragement on Antarctic exploration. Here is an atmosphere of true nobility. Let us suppose the suggestion carried into effect. At great expense we fit out an expedition for the Antarctic regions, with a ■ole view to a moral result. Many lives are sacrificed and a shattered remnant return with a report which when condensed simply conveys that the place is very cold. But we have kept op the name and fame of England, and we •end another expedition to keep them up some more. And, when the money is spent and the lives are lost, somebody suddenly discovers that the whole affair was absolute waste, because basel on a historical mistake. Far from keeping up the name and fame of England, we have only been making fools of ourselves. For why ? Because the name and fame ot England are not the outcome of costly enterprises " barren of all utilitarian results." Au eontraire, saya history. The precise lin« at which irresponsibility begins in persons of weak or disordered intel lect is undoubtedly very difficult to determine. But the huraanitarianism which extends the shield of irresponsibility over certain cunning rascals who rely on their own conscious eccentricity to escape the punishment meted out to those who are honestly and straight forwardly criminal is only a vicious reaction from the old system of treating lunatics worse than malefactors. The plea of lunacy has quite ousted the time-honoured alibi. The more aggravated the crime the greater the plausibility of the plea. Show that the accused has exercised the most complicated and pains taking ingenuity in accomplishing his flagitious purpose, you only aid the defence by enabling it to urge all the more that peculiar and absolutely irresponsible species cf cunning known as " the canning of the idiot." About aa good an instance as could be got of what we allude to is to be found in the case of a young man who, to be sure, has found his way into the Adelaide Gaol, but of whom it is stated that, "if his friends (at home) would take charge of him and remove him to England, his Honour would recommend that the sentence be remitted" On account, observe, of his irresponsibility for his action. Now, this young man, who pleaded guilty to any number of forging! and utterings, was defended on the usual plea, and in order to show how very insane he was extracts were read from English papers to show that he had been often in trouble before and on quite a variety of charges. A clear case of ingrained constitu tional madness. It came out among other things that he had sent letters to certain ladies threatening to bring accusations against their husbands unless supplied with hush-mom y. Of these ladles he knew nothing but the names and the addresses. Clearly a case of un adulterated idiocy. Only, how did he come by their names and addresses ? On his own confession (the idiot!) he had picked them out *' amongst the advertisements of births in the Tim**, and reckoned that being in delicate health they would be more likely to take alarm s>t his.menaces, and so send him the money he wanted." Clearly the cunning of the lunatic And so, as a born fool, "his Honour will recommend that his sentence be remitted." Moral.—lf you want to break the law with impunity, don't do it in a blundering honest way. Let your rascality be characterised by the most accomplished ingenuity. In short, th* more thoroughly yon show yourself a rogue, the greater your chance of being dis charged as a fooL New Zealand is the only one of the Aus tralasian colonies that hii yet had a good volcanic eruption—or a bad one either for the ■utter of that Other colonies haren't been Able to get beyond the earthquake symptoms, tout in Tasmania they have been told by their scientific men that the crust of their little earth is very thin in places, and there ia every probability of a great outburst before long. At present they are awaiting the great event with much the same sort of feeling as those good people, who profess to expect it immediately, await the end of the world. They marry and are given in marriage, and in a general way they appear to lose no opportunity of en joying the good things the gods have given them. In New South Wales there are no anticipations of this sort, but the civil servants in the Lands Department feel just as bad as if they lived on the brink of a volcano and already felt the subterranean tremours and sniffed the sulphurous vapours. It is bad enough to have a Royal Commission sitting upon them and prying into their official secrets with a view to recommend the dismissal of half of them ; but what is this to the secret reports from chairmen of local boards, district surveyors, and others, as to the merits and demerits of subordinate officers ? It's bad enough, too, to have this secret detective business brought into playagainst them under any circumstances, but the thing is made worse by the know ledge that the informers may themselves need a scapegoat or two; the position is almost intolerable. And where in the name of wonder will it end? Will the departmental commotion exhaust itself with such official earth>tremours as have been previously known in the Lands Department, or must there be a volcanic explosion? That's the point. 