A M-OMENT OF PASSION. I could never quite understand MIrs. Lovason, although I had known her inti mately for something like twelve or four teen years, and had booeen thrown in her company under very tryingcircumstances ; but although we had booeen together through storms and tempests, on sea and on land, she had never allowed me to penotrate beneath the thick veil she spread over her past; and, singularly enough, in this little world of ours, I h:ad never come across any one whohad known her, or, what was more to the point, who had known her husband. During all our adventures his name had never been spoken. I know enough from her own lips to be aware that she was a wealthy heiress; indeed, her.manner of living proved that money was plentiful enough, and when I first made her ac quaintaneo, in a tiny Swiss inn, where she lhd had one of her worst attacks of her terrible complaint, without so much as a maid with hei, she had muttered that she was all alone in the world, but that I should not be forgotten if I stood by her to the last. She seemed surprised to think our cases were much alike; for I told her I was rich too, and all alone.: But when I mentioned my hero, who sleeps in his distant grave in Afghanistan, and expected hlier confidence in return, she only nlaughed impatiently, and changed thelo subject as soon as she could. Still, for all thlat, we became staunch friends, and since then have travelledwell-nigh all over the world in easoh other's company. I suppose she trusted'me because I really wanted nothing from her, either in'the psst, future, or presout; for I never cared to qnestion her, and my means were too ample to allow of her suspecting me of designs upon her purse. One year I was seized by a fearful at tack of home- sickness; it was ton yesrs since I had seen Loidon, and I yearned shall I coifoss it P-for the familiar Bond Street shops. and a sight of the dear dirty town. But MIrs. Lova.son would have none of it; and instead of Bond Street, I found myself in Yokohama. ~Judge of my surprise, then. when she hceloclf proposed this last spring to rush over to our native land, so roate for a house in Scotland, that, in a moment of extreme confidence, sheo told me was one among her numerous possessions. We tore .throughl London, and rushed up north by the mail-train, and finally arrived, breathless, dusty, and dirty, on the shores of Lo's Mareo. There was not a soul to meet ue, and not one who know even Mrs. Lovason, though she lhad lived there until she was twenty-one. " No wonder," said she, as she threw me a por trait across the breakfast table; " there is no resemblance there to ido, is there i" and tshe waited feo my answer, lookfng me straight in the face in a most embarrass ing manner. No; there cortainly was not. Hereo:wans a .pretty, charming, laughing girl, with bright browsl curls and deop blue eyes, wite never a cloud in them; there a dour, sad-faced creature 'of over forty, with quite white hair, and eyes gonerally so downcast, so miserable-looking, that Ihad never learned their real colour before. She 'laughed when she saw my oexpres jsion, and told me I need not speak. She saw what I thought in my face, and bid ding io amuiso myself as best I could, for 'shb eould be busy for the next few hours, Sshe took the picture and went upstairs, crooning an old Roumanian song of love androvenge, that always seemed to ma':o my flesh creen. there was something so ancanny aboutit. She came in from one of her usual long, solitary rambles one day, and, sinking down into her chaer, sat looking into the fire as if she saw drealful picturos in the cheery blaze. She appeared so old, so stern, I hardly knoew her, and I looked apprehensively at her, dreacing the return of her awful diseas'e, and wondoering how l could cope with agisnu pectorsis se farfrom any medical assistance; And I suppose I must have said something, for presently she remarked, without turning her he ', "No, Mary, I am not going to boe ill; but I have had a fearful shook-" True to my resolve never to question her I said nothing; but, coming close to hebr I put my hand on her shoulder, and begged herto be ca;m. and to forget it as soon as she could. And I thoun found out she was sect through-as wet as if she 'had fallen into the Loch,and scarclyslhad troubled to wring her garments out. Of course, I made her change all hlier raiment, and when she was clothed and warmed, I sat down by her and began to read Browning, hoping to turn her tnoughts into another channel as quickly as might be. She seemed to listen quietly, but soon she turned to me said," No other woman would have been as sweet, as little given to curiosity, as you have been, Mary; I feel I can trust you, and I am going to tell you my story. For 25 years I have borno my sorrow silently; now I am going to confide in you. I know too well now that I can really and truly trust you. Mary, to- day when I went out over the hills, Imet my husband--" l am assmmed to confessit, butmy heart gave quite a rapturous jump; but I said nothing. I let Browning fall, and taking her hand in mine, waited quietly until she chrse to speak. " The last time I saw him at the wed ding-breakfast. Think of that, Mary think of that l I can see him now, a false wretch, as he stood, his hand on the; back of my chair, as I rose to leave, to chalnge my dress. And that was the very last I saw of him until this afternoon, when we met like two ghosts, and he told me that my revenge was complete, and that he and his were starving. Think of that. Mary-starving, and he might have been master here, and of a dozen places besides I No, my name is not Levanon of course not; it is-" and then she men tioned a name that wild horses should not draw from me, but that made me shiver as if I too had had a bath in the Loch. " Never in all my life," she continued, " had I been denied a single thing. I was the last of my race, and I was to make a brilliant marriage. A Royal duke had cast an eye my way, and a special Act of Parliament was hinted at; but before negotiations were complete I had met Donald, and soon we were engaged, and 'tho wedding-day fixed; and I was head over ears in business and settlements, and all the rest of the bustle inseparable from a wedding like mine was.to be. "Mildred Lawton was my poor com panion, Mary. Sihe was pretty and sweet, 1 knew, and I trusted her. Often enough whlen I was busy I sent her down to amuse Donald, and never for one momoent saw the harm in it; but just before the 'day of the marriage Donald came to me, and confessed his love for MBildred, beg ging me to release himi and forget him as soon as maybe. " But I laughled at him, and told himi it was only infatuation; he would coon for get her, for he had at frait loved me really, Mary (and men cannot change like weathercocks, you know); and after a whlile he sid I was right; it was in fatuation, a-d he would forget Mildred as soon as ever he could. "I can't think why I did not send her away at once; but-shelo was going to be my one bridesmaid-people talked so; I wished to keep her under my own eye, and I really seemed to be in the right. Ho never met or spoke to her until the fatal momnent when I went upstairs to change my dress, when Mildred, lingering behind, met Donald as he was coming from the dining- room. No one knows how it hap pened; but Ile says it was an instant impulse, a moment of ungovernable pas sion. Without a word they fled in the carriage waiting to take us on our wedding tour; and when I came down, the house was in confusion. They were off, and there was not a soul true to me-true enough to me to stop the guilty pair and bring him back to his wife. "Of course 'Donald begged and prayed me to divorce him; but I never would. That woman should never bear his name or be his honest wife; and I have hunted them from pillar to post, until hIe has boon driven to come and bog for mercy for her, and him, at my hands. He is a doctor; he tries to settle down. Then comes a whisper- then the scandal spreads; and off he has to go, wandering through the world. She stole him from me; she sees thie effect-sle feels the effect. Does his love compensateoher, I wonder, for sickly, starved, nameless children-for blighting his whole career-for ruining my life?" As Mrs. Lovason paused for a moment, and seemed unable to continue the story, I at last ventiured out "Love compensates for all," I said, crying. "Iet himgo, dear-dearestMrs. Lovason; let him go, and let him marry thel wretched mother of his children." "You too, Mary l" she said faintly, "you too! Have you no pity for me? Remember the girl I was, not quite twenty-one, youhgx rich, and beautiful. What am I/Anow P h"woman 'old before my time, possessed of a disease caused by sorrow and trouble, and that may kill me at any moment. Nay, as long as I live I will hunt them down. I should not have told you my story, had I thought for a momemit you would have gone against me. Forget it all,- Mfary; now leave me, for I want to be alone; and kissing me quietly, she motioned me away, and I left 'her as she desired ; for I could never argue, pnd I seemed to have a good deal to think about. I set' my' vindow open, aid sitting down, began to meditato, and how long that lasted I really do not know;l but presently I was roused by a curious sound, and looking out, I saw Mrs. Lovason gliding down the avenue, and imaking, as I feared, for the Loch. It did not take me long to put on my hood and 'cloak and follow her; but I never forget the walk. Leaving the Loch on one side, shel went on like a mad thing-over hedges and ditches, as it seemed to me; nothing stopped her, orine either, forthe matterof that; and on we went, until we came to a little village, so hidden among the hills thatI, for one, had never known of it before. Mrs. Lovason stopped at one of thse poorest cottages there, andpeeredin at the uncurtained window. Something she saw there seemed to please her, and, laughing to herself, lshe went on into the slhadow of the porch of the house, and I followed; catching sight as I did-so of a ~man and woman sitting by the hearth to igether,in such an attitude, and looking so umiserable, I myself could have cried over tlhem, alth?ugh they certainly deserved all :they were suffering. I had scarcely passed the window, when, with a terrible cry, Mrs. Levason flun up her arms, and fell forward on her fkse. I hiurried up to her, and ondeavoured to seootho her, but it was no use; and I rushed to thiecottage and called" Doniald, 'Donald !"-for I did not know his other nanme, and it was no time forceremony. PIoor soul, it was soon over; but it musts have been a bitter mooment for that otlher woniman. For Donald really had loved his wrotched'wife, and their whole lives had been wrecked, as she said, only in a single moment of passion. .Curiously • enough, the settlements, which had never been cancelled-I don't know, by the way, if they could legally Shave been cancelled-gave all to Donald, and poverty and care disappeared when my poor friend'died. But .I-think she would have wished it after that death-bed scene; and though; and the county does not care to visit of course, Donald .and Mildred are Imarried, the story has. .got about, where the five or six sons and daughters are allmore or less good-looking, and who have none of them.any right to the nams they bear.-World. 