NEWS OF THE DAY. WE need scarcely remind our readers that this afternoon, at three o'clock sharp the four men — Carmody, Guppy, McGarrigal and Roper— are to run the final boat of the Grand Handicap over again, at the Cale- donian Society's grounds. It will be observed from the business notice that the proceeds of tbe gate to-day will be given to the Cale- donian Society to improve the grounds. Mr. Thomas Stockham has called at our oflice and impugned the correctness of the statement in our report of the final heat of the Grand Handicap on Monday last to the effect that he held McGarrigal and prevented him getting a start. Our reporter has seen Mr. Roland on the matter, and we append that gentleman's version of the affair. He says that when M'Garrigal broke the cotton the first time it was suggested by one of the Sports Committee that he should be put back from scratch, but this was not acceeded to. A second time he broke the cotton, Mr. Stockham then laid hold of him and pushed him back, and he was then, with the concur- rence of Mr. Boland put back a foot and a half from scratch, and a third time tied with cotton. Then the running ground was cleared nnd the start effected. The statements made by a number of persons that Mr. Stockham had hold of M'Garrigal at the start are therefore not correct. THE Toowoomba Turf Club Races will take place on Wednesday and Thursday next, and we are glad to report that the Com- mittee of Management have completed their arrangements in such a satisfactory manner as to ensure success. Excusion tickets, at single fares the double journey will be issued at all stations on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday available for return up to and including Saturday, June the 5th. Visitors can thus have almost a week's holiday in Toowoomba. The principal storekeepers have agreed to close their places of business on the afternoons of Wednesday and Thurs- day, and yesterday the Hon. W. H. Groom, at the request of the Committee, telegraphed to the Colonial Secretary respectfully request- ing that Wednesday, the first day of the races might be proclaimed a public holiday. Arrangements are also in progress for a ball on Wednesday evening at the School of Arts, in short all has been done that could he done by the Committee to ensure successful gatherings next week. Should the weather prove propitious the races of 1880 should prove the most successful yet held in Toowoomba. THE Rev. W. Higlett, the respected pastor of the Baptist Church of this town, is about to take a short and well-earned holiday, when he will visit some of the northern coast towns of the colony. The rev. gentleman is President of the Baptist Association of Queensland, and in that capacity we notice he is to be present at the Rev. Mr. Bonser's recognition services at Maryborough, and he is expected to lake part in the missionary services of the Baptist Church at Rockhampton, Mr. Hig- lett's many friends in this town will wish bim bon voyage. It is not often that leniency is abused, but occasionally it would seem that it is. On Thursday a man named Richard Pope was brought before the police Magistrate for being drunk, and was let off with an admo- nition. The same evening he was again ar- rested, and yesterday he was fined 5s. with the alternative of 24 hours' in gaol. Attention is directed to a notification in our business columns calling a special meet- ing to-night of all Blue Ribbon temperance workers, at the Tcmperance Hall, to take steps for the reorganisation of the Blue Rib- bon Society. A PROHIBITION order was on Tuesday granted by the Police Magistrate against James Collins, a laborer of Perth-street, at the instance of his wife, who swore that he had been drinking very hard for several months wasting his money and injuring his health. The order is, as usual, for twelve months. By a notice in our business columns it will be seen that the bakers of Toowoomba have resolved to increase the price of bread from, and after the first of June next. The price per loaf now is 3d., the increased price will be 3½d. The cause of the rise is the alleged increase in the price of flour. WE are requested to draw the attention of our readers, and of all others interested, to the announcement in our business columns, notifying that the grand drawing, in con- nection with the bazaar in aid of the new Roman Catholic Church, will take place on Monday evening, (May 31st) at the Royal Assembly Rooms at half- past seven o'clock. A number of valuable articles remaining over from the bazaar will be raffled on the same occasion, while the remnant of the bazaar articles will be sold by auction. According to Dr. Dawson Burns, our national drink bill was less than it has been since 1872, with the exception of 1880, when it stood at £122,279,275, as against £123,258,720 in 1885. The maximum was reached in 1876, when it touched £147,288,759. The improvement is perceptible, the decline being £3,000,000 in the twelvemonth, but there is still ample room for a further decrease. At present Dr. Burns calculates we spend £4 2s, per head, or £26 per family, in alcoholic beverages per annum. In other words, if we could confiscate to a Socialist fund all the money spent in drink we could endow every family in the land with a minimum income of 8s. a week. By our business columns it will be seen that a long felt want— not the regulation one —in this town is about to be supplied. Visitors to the town have frequently enquired after livery stables in order to engage horses for a quiet ride on the Main Range. Buggies have also been often in demand for a similar purpose. Messrs. Williams and Harrop have resolved to establish livery nnd bait stables in Toowoomba in order to afford visitors and others every facility for seeing the various sights about the neighbourhood. We are certain there is a good opening for a business of this kind, and if attended to and looked after so as to inspire public confidence, it must succeed. The Glencoe State school at Gowrie Little Plain has recently been inspected by Mr. J. Kilham, District Inspector. The sub- joined extract from the report is highly sa- tisfactory, and reflects great credit upon the head teacher, Mr. W. Richmond :— Class III., Division A, 75.1 per cent. ; Class III., Division B, 71 per cent. ; Class II., Division A, 71.6 per cent, ; Class I., Division A, 80.6 per cent. ; Class I, Division B, 80 per cent. ; Class I, Division C, 71 per cent. Remarks : Order— very good ; Discipline— very good ; Quantity of work done— highly satisfactory ; Records— complete and accurate ; General condition of school— very satisfactory ; gym- nastics— 100 per cent. The children may be regarded as having made very good progress. Average per centage of all results — 73.8." Oddfellows sports were held at Dalby on the Queen's Birthday and produced some good running. From tbe Dalby Herald we gather that the Anniversary Handicap of £50, the first prize in which was £30, was won by George Ensor, the Bunya Mountain represen- tative. The same competitor also won the Queen's Birthday Handicap of £7 10s., with a silver cup valued at £10 10s. added, after running a dead heat first of all in the final bent with Boyle, who had 16 yards to Ensor's 7 yards out of 150 yards. The An- niversary Handicap distance was 165 yards. We commend the following passage from the Herald's report of the sports at Dalby to the consideration of our local sports committee. "The usual crush of the public inside the ropes — which is generally the case at sports held in Dalby, was avoided by keeping every one out from the commencement, and by posting- members of the Dalby B Company along the line of running, and who really deserve credit for the manner in which they performed their duty." The various officers of police throughout the colony who have performed the duties of inspector of slaughter yards under the Brands Act are at present greatly annoyed by the non-payment to them of the remu- neration they were led to expect. A rate of 3d. per head is levied on all cattle slaughtered in the various districts, and under the Act ench inspector of slaughter houses has to keep a record of all cattle slaughtered, by whom sold, the brand of the cattle, &c.;, and forward complete returns to the department, and the rate of 3d. per head is levied in order that such services, which are extra to ordi- nary police duties and usually done out of official time, should be paid for fairly. No cause, so far as we can learn, has been as signed for the non- payment described, but at the same time no distinct refusal has been given though many officers have now ful- filled the duties for a long time without any remuneration at all. Some explanation should cerlainly be given of this undesirable state of affairs. THERE is some probability that before long the whole of the western mails for Syd- ney and the southern colonies will be sent overland in place of being despatched to Brisbane by rail and thence by steamer. If the overland route is adopted there will be a considerable saving in time besides assuring greater cortainty in delivery. Thus a letter posted in Toowoomba on Saturday is fre- quently not sent off from Brisbane until the following Tuesday, and is not delivered in Sydney until Friday morning, whereas by the overland route it would leave Stan- thorpe on Sunday morning via Tentcrfield and Glen Innes, and would be delivered in Sydney at latest on Tuesday morning. At Gowrie Junction southern mails could be transhipped to the Stanthorpe mail to be for- worded in the manner described. Even if a steamer invariably left Brisbane with south- ern mails on Monday there would be a saving by the overland route of at least 24 hours, and possibly often 48 hours. Mr. Glanville, the postmaster here, has communicated with the postal authorities in Brisbane on the sub- ject, and their decision will probably be known in the course of a few days. CONCERNING the death of Mr. G. S. Irby, manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, at Maclean, Tuesday's Grafton Examiner says :— On Friday night he was present at a dance arranged by several of the residents of Maclean, for some friends who were leaving next day. Mr. Irby, after dancing in the opening set of quadrilles took partner for the following waltz. He continued dancing for a short time and stopped for a rest, when his partner suddenly observed him in the act of falling, but was unable to save him from the fall. It was at first thought he had only fainted, or been seized with a fit ; but as he did not recover, and was moaning as if in severe pain, a doctor was at once sent for, and the messenger met Dr. Hood close at hand, who was in attendance in a very brief space of time. The doctor found pulsation almost gone, and in a few minutes pro- nounced life extinct. Such a sad and sudden death cast quite a gloom over the Lower Clarence, where Mr. Irby had resided for about five years. He was a universal favourite, and this was evinced by the large number who attended the funeral on Sunday afternoon. People came from all parts of the river, extending from Yamba to Grafton, and the procession was fully half a mile in length. Mr. Irby was a member of Lodge Livingstone (Freemasons), and was buried with Masonic honours. Deceased was a son of Mr. Edward Irby, of Bolivia, near Tenter- field, was 31 years of ago, and unmarried. [A brother of the deceased was a pupil at the Toowoomba Grammar School, but met with an accident while hunting a native bear on the Main Range, which, unfortunately, terminated fatally,— ED, T.C.] OUR readers' attention is called to the fact that to-day our earlier telegrams appear on the fourth page. AN assault committed at the Societies' sports on Monday, formed the subject of in- vestigation at the Police Court yesterday, be- fore Mr. Murray, P.M. The summons was taken out by George D. Morrison, against Henry Atwell. Mr. Herbert, on behalf of Mr. Murray, appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Hamilton for the defendant. The disturbance appeared to have arisen in the first instance by the defendant accusing the complaiaont of dishonesty in connection with a horse race, and resulted in the defendant striking the complainant on the nose with his fist, and as such a process of settling dis- putes is not recognised by the law he was ordered to pay a fine of 20s, with 4s, 6d, costs of court, and 10s. 6d, witness' expenses. A VALUED correspondent At the Westbrook Homestead Area writes : — " A concert, in aid of improvements to the teacher's residence, was held at the Plain View State School on May the 22nd, which proved one of the most successful and most enjoyable we have had in the district. The room was crowded to excess, and the continuous applause of the audience showed that they were delighted with the various performances. Mr. F. Batzloff, J. P., presided, and the following ladies and gentlemen took park, viz., Mrs, Still, the Misses M'Gladrigan and Messrs. M'Gladrigan, White, M. M'Gladrigan, Vickers, Inglis, Watson, F. Bauer, Garthe, Batzloff and Still. In addition to the forego- ing the school children contributed songs, duets and trios. After the concert a couple of hours dancing was indulged in by the young people who "gaily tripped the light fantastic " to the harmonious music of Mrs. Daly. The piano was kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. H, M'Gladrigan, and was presided over by Mrs. Still at the concert, and Mrs. Daly at the dance." MR BOYCE, the local Clerk of Petty Ses- sions, who is also Electoral Registrar for the five electorates in this portion of the colony, has all but completed the work of issuing the notices under the temporary provisions for purging the Tolls under the Elections Act of 1885. The notices for the whole of Aubigny and for Balonne and Stanley, about 50 in all for the last named two, have been posted, as also most of those for Dray- ton and Toowoomba, and the remainder of these, together with those for Darling Downs, will be posted before to- morrow evening. In all about 2,400 notices have been posted by Mr. Boyce up to the present, and some 1,200 still remain to be posted. We desire to draw the attention of the electors to this very im- portant matter. Some, we have no doubt, will experience difficulty in filling up their forms, but any who do so can have them completed on application to this office. It is necessary that all forms issued by the electo- ral registrars should be completed and re- turned to the office of the Clerk of Petty Sessions on or before the 1st August next. We have no doubt there will be considerable failures in filliug up the forms correctly, and all who have any doubt on the matter should apply for assistance as all not completed in accordance with the Act will be rejected, which is equivalent to disfranchisement. OUR Gomoron correspondent writes :— We had a very severe frost on Thursday morning last which cut down everything in its way, and the farms and gardens now present a very desolate appearance, and all hopes of a good crop of late corn are vanished. The grass assumed a grey color and is disappear- ing fast, and unless we have plenty of rain during the next two or three months, this winter will be a very trying one to many a selector. At present the weather is close and sultry, and to all appearance rain is not far distant. It is now some considerable time since we were favored with the intelligence, that a trial survey of a branch line of railway from Meringandan to Gomoron had been granted at the instance of our membor, Mr. Campbell, but up to the present, we have heard nothing further of the matter. It is to be hoped, however, that this promise will be ratified before long and thus strengthen the confidence we feel in our liberal administra= tion and our representative in Parliament. I see by the official notification in the Go- vernment Gazette , that the land originally granted for a provisional school has been permanently gazetted as a reserve for State school purposes. This is very gratifying to the parents, as when the State school is built it will give greater facility for learning to the children, and will no doubt draw a far larger attendance, although the attendances during the time the school was only pro- visional was exceptionally large. THE Municipal Conference now sitting in Brisbane for the purpose of considering sug- gested reforms in matters of local govern- ment was resumed on Wednesday. A staff of Government shorthand writers under Mr. Willoughby was in attendance, and official reports of the proceedings are to be printed daily. The hours of sitting were fixed from 10 a. m. to 1 p.m. and from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. The first question under discussion was a proposal that additional power be granted to municipalities, where considered desirable, to assess all property for general rate according to the value of its frontage or area alone, irrespective of any improve- ments thereon. On being put to the vote this was negatived by a majority of six votes. A proposition was carried requesting the Go- vernment to insert a clause in the bill to be introduced next session amending the Local Government Act, to give municipalities power to levy water rates on vacant properties in streets where the water mains are laid down, The conference unanimously declared its opinion that all loans for waterworks and sewerage purposes should be separated from general loans and should not interfere with the borrowing powers of municipalities. A proposal to amend the Health Act, by per- mitting a part of a district or municipality to be proclaimed as a subdivision for levying a health rate, was under debate when the conference was adjourned until Thursday. At the meeting on Thursday the debate on the Health Act was resumed and concluded when the proposal as given above was carried though several of the members dissented from it. A motion to form a Municipal Associa- tion on the basis of those now in operation in the Southern colonies was proposed by the Mayor of Maryborough and carried. The Mayor of Maryborough moved "that the Government be requested to amend clause 210 of the Local Government Act of 1878 by altering the word seven in the second line to fourteen years. This has reference to properties on which rates are not paid, and power was asked to increase the term of the lease from seven to fourteen years. The motion was carried on division by 12 votes to 9.— The Mayor of Warwick moved " That in the opinion of this conference it is highly de- sirable that statutory authority should be given to municipal councils to declare prickly pear and sida retusa a nuisance, and frame by-laws requiring its destruction. The motion was carried. Alderman Andrews moved,— "That in the opinion of this con- ference it is advisable that a clause be in- serted in the Local Government Act similar to clause 57 in the new Divisional Boards Amendment Bill." The motion was agreed to. The Mayor of Townsville moved, — "That subsection 1 of section 44 of the Health Act be amended by the omission of all the words in the first line after 'may,' to the word 'shall 'in the second line." The clause runs " A local authority may, and when required by order of the Governor-in Council on the recommendation of the board shall, itself undertake or contract for the removal of house refuse from premises, the cleansing of earth-closets, privies, ashpits, and cesspools, and the proper cleansing of streets, either for the whole or any part of the district." The motion was negatived by 10 votes to 2. The Mayor of Townsville moved,— " That in the opinion of this con- ference, no minimum value should ho fixed, by law as relating to unimproved allot- ments." The motion was negatived," and the conference adjourned until Friday. A GOOD deal of speculation has been aroused as to the precise formation of the peculiar caves discovered in the North. The Rockhampton Bulletin states that at the usual monthly meeting of the Natural History Society, Mr. James Smith gave his explana- tion of the formation of the caves. He is of opinion, and supports it with geological pro- duction, that in the early ages of the earth's history a coral reef extended from Banana northwards. The limestone was ground down and swept by currents into layers, where by the notion of heat and pressure it was transformed into marble. Internal forces burst up the stratum, and afterwards the action of carbonic acid gas in water, resting in hollows, and trickling down fissures, led to the formation of the caves. At the same meeting it was reported that large, interest- ing caves had been discovered on Govern- ment land near Mount Etna, and it was re- solved to request the Minister for Lands to reserve the land and protect the caves. In the meantime Mr. Young, Land Agent, has put Mr. Johausen, the discoverer, in charge of them. They will prove interesting places of resort, and may easily be visited from Rockhampton in a day. Olsen's Caves also continue to attract attention. The Auckland Star states that the fol- lowing petition to the house of Representa- tives relative to the honours paid to Cardinal Moran during his recent visit to New Zealand has received upwards of 1600 signatures in Auckland city, and is now circulating in the country district:— "Your petitioners learn, with very much regret, that on the occasion of the visit of Cardinal Moran to New Zealand favours were shown and honours heaped upon him by Government, which we consider to be unfair to us as a people, who believe that no special honour should be shown to any church. (I) It is said that the Government arranged that he should have a free pass on Govern- ment railways, (2) That at Wellington a Government steamer proceeded to the Heads to meet the vessel that was bringing him to our shores. (3) That in Auckland a force of over 20 policemen, in uniform, matched in procession at the side and behind his Car- riage through the principal streets. (4) Clergymen in connection with other churches have at times visited New Zealand who have not received the same or any attention at the hands of the Government in office, nor do we desire that they should, believing that as there is no State church in New Zealand, such gentlemen, no matter how high their position, should not receive special recogni- tion at the hands of theGoverment. (5) Believing that such attention paid to the dignatories of churches will tend very greatly to destroy the harmony that at present exists in religious circles in this our adopted country ; we therefore trust that an inquiry may be made into the allegations contained in this petition with a view to preventing the repetition of them in the future. " An unusual scene (says a Scotoh paper) took place at a wedding being celebrated the other evening in a quiet burgh on the southern confines of Angus. The bridegroom was a worthy septuagenarian, and the bride a buxom widow, fully thirty years his junior. The bridegroom had been deprived only seven months ago of the partner for nearly half a century of his joys and sorrows, who had left him with a considerable number of "dry notes. " The neighbours took unusual in- terest in the wedding, and two constables attended to preserve ordor. The clergyman having been admitted, the outer door of the building was locked to prevent intrusion. The only wedding guests other than the rev. gentlemen were three or four females. During the proceedings there appeared all of a sudden "a lady in white" gliding into the room. She offered to shake hands with some of the women, who screamed fiercely, and then she said, " I'm M— G— , come for my sister. Willio-S (meaning her grave digger) hns let me oot for a short time, an' if I dinna get it the noo I'll be back. Guid'nicht!" On which the ghost quietly withdrew. We strongly recommend the following to the notice of our friends, "Noble's Pills," the best and mildest Purge and Liver Regu- lator, quickly cure bilious headache and colds, coughs, influenza, and general throat and chest complaints, very effective, pleasant to take, and suited to persons of all ages. Noble's Aperient Worm Powder— a certain cure for worms. These remedies are made and sold by W. A. Noble, Pharmaceutical Chemist, Ruthven-street, Toowoomba,— ADVT. 