THEATRE; -ROYAL. , Lessie, Mr. Ghurlos Viiicent. Actiug Maoager. ' .Mr. Harwuud. Final-. Retirememt of Mr. J. 0.- Lambert. When lie will make.his last u|ipcarance on any stage for- ever. Those fr.cnds who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take'' their places imme- ' diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have-consented to appear on this occasion with Mr. Lambert, This Eveniny , Thursday, February 27th, 186S, The. Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant oomedy "THE RIVALS." Sir 'Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. 0 Lambert . . . Characters- by the Company. To be followed, by, the 1st Act of:Bulwer Lytton's comedy of ' "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J; O. Lambert (his la-t appeai-anca in that character for over). Alfred Evelyn ..... Mr.. WlUiam; Levey - , Sir Frenerick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke stout - - - ., Mr.jGharles. Wnrhei-' Otlier Characters by the Aiiidt ours, ,'Trio— '-iTarkl the Lark at .'Heaven's Got h Sings"— Mr . R. Stewart. and -Misses Dooy ami- Maggie -Stewart.' - i To be succeeded by Sceiles (Including Screen;.. Seen") Iroin Sheridan's Com-, dy, . ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - - llr. J, o! Liiinhdrt (the last character lie will ever act im- any Stnge), . : Joseph Surface - Mr Cliarle? Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland . To which will be added the Fa-oe entitled "THE' MODEL' HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood and Company. Mr. J. C Lambert will then icad the confess ion of liis faults and bid iiis friends n final adieu Doors open at 7.- Commence at 8 preoi ely.. prices as usual. The following.is a copy of his address: '"Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine for. ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when. people are going-out- of the world to .-make a full confession of all their sins,, raud.X'will acknowledge -the excellence -.of . the custom -by- adopting it/-" so" that you shall not; say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of ' which I- have been guilty, both since I came among wou, and |nia,uy years before that time." "These as you may suppose. -were very numerous, for they have been going- on-- without, intermiskiciiv- these"- two and forty years. I will begin with the worst ofiem-os, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac- knowledaeto have. murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted,- but of late- years I hope I have been . less guilty in this respect, and: that-t.be . shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, : Qongreve, Otway, Massiiiger, Rovve, and 'Sheridan have been- appeased; I \- trust' by my having imparted; a little I life .to some of .their creations." ' " I- have committed bigamy so often - that. I. cannot recount the number of ; instances. I have married ihore wives . than Briglinm Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number niy sons and daughters, by scores -if not hun dreds. : Some of them, I grieve to say, I have ; treated with great, 'cruelty, turning them " out of - doors to beg or . , starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcing them' info lherOonary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des- i pei-ate measures," !- - _ "In connection- with- the'se-wicked proceedings I have used , the . most ' violent'-'lan'guage to my offspring, "but ' \- many times- when'iri'th"e"very onslaught ; of my furious.- denunciations' L haVe relented and only uttered half, a curse, » At this moment, if I' had" hot great . strength- of mind I; should1 be over- . whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among niy acquaintances, and even among my friends,. some very incorrigible v scoun drels;" but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the- cir cumstance of' having also been oh intimate termswith many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the Highest ' arid' Idwest rank, with every .. interinediate-i grade, and-.that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position.'" ; . " -My- own -predilections - have been in like manner, fluctuating.; At >orie " time' I have been so miserly, - that I have denied ' myself JtHe -'common 'and . . most absolute necessaries-; : at others felt myself .-prompted.- by generous impulses so strong that I have had no \- hesitation in giving away 'large 'sums of money, vast:estates, prieeless.-: jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts , have been bestowed with; but -an in? discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality,," "Like nil other, members of : my) profession, .1 have lived a double life, and'it is only in one of mine, the great crimes i;;have enumerated and ac knowledged haveh'een'committerl. My serious, vices', j; I .trust,-; have : all been committed this side of the footlights." " But in the world where in future I am-'-- going to- dwell,- 1 trust ycjri- will credit me with haying done my duty as a' coodtcitizen, and 'that' when in a Tewvd'ays) I itep on board the vessel \yliich- will -bear "me":fi:onr'tliis'brigli't' arid -beautiful'' country, I shall carry " witlV'fne'v'ohT'good "wishes" and your ikiridiy esteem." " Permit -me- a parting word about my ..brother- managers, w til whom for the last tv'elve months I liave been, intimately ass; pointed. I nevertliought 'to h'av'e! d rifteil-in to inn nagement again,. ' but "there were such pressing reasons ' why this -fine- theatre should not he allowed' to "lose . reUtr/e, and why it should not, fall into incompetent hands that I. consented to become one of the" co-partnerships ; by which its affairs have been lately administered." "I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal? satisfactorily! and-, .whether iwe» have? not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not -.obtained a wonderful pecuniary .success,, I. can but think that we diave -given our patrons - fair value for their money, and I.am happy tc think.at this'moinent that the repu- ; tatiouiiaiYdi.-popularity ,oc the. Theatre Royal are as good as they ha ve at any; time been since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your, support to the .mana- , gerial- firm as it now exists— at least' 1 an., equal i measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and ai;e,Jl.am.sure„gi.\tly.,respeote.d..", . (To be Continued). 