Late Country News. Bathurst. MaechS. The Ministerial elections, as far as Bathurst is concerned, passed off with little excitement. Mr. Suitor's re-election was considered a certainty from the nomination day, not because of any unanimous feeling on the part of the electors, but from the fact that his opponent was not considered to have the ghost of a chance. The action of Mr. Suttor in leaving his party to join the new Administration is freely criticised, and, by many of his strongest supporters, strongly condemned. He is not blamed so much for deserting Sir Henry Parkcs as he is for enrolling himself among the col leasucs of Mr. Dibbs. The most ominous siera in tho. Tire sent content is the utter indifference exhibited by large numbers of voters, who have studiously abstained from visiting the polling booth. The polling took place to-day, and the result was— Sattor (Postmaster-General), 568 ; D. Mayne, 369 ; majority for Suttor, 199. At -the general election, in October, 1350 votes were recorded, of which 'Mr. Suttor made 866. The Sunday opening of the School of Arts reading-room formed the subject of discussion at a meeting of members of the institution, and the question was subsequently decided by ballot. The contest was a close one, 88 voting in favour of adhering to the rule of keepiag the room closed, and 70 against. There were eleven informal votes. The ballot papers were rather puzzling as far as the wording was con cerned, and several members voted against their own ideas. But a far larger number voted for opening than was gene rally expected. Lieutenant* Webb, who was one of the New South Wales rifle team to Victoiia, has received a handsome medal as one of the winning side. One hundred and four people left here on Thursday by the fanner's train for Sydney. * The Rev. George Muller is on a visit to Bathurst. He has told the story of the orphanages, and has preached in several churches to crowded congregations. A meeting of Englishmen was held on Thursday, when a society called the 13athurst St. George's Association was formed. Its objects are similar to other national societies which exist, and will be social, charitable, and commemora tive in their character. The citizens are wai-nily taking up the movement to accord a fitting reception to Lord Carrington on his visit to Bathurst in connection with the agricultural show. At a ; public meeting last night, it was decided that there should be a demonstration, in which the different public bodies should be invited to join ; and it was also determined to hold a banquet and balL An excellent committee was appointed to carry out arrangements. The Western Warehouse half-holiday gnnrial demonstra tion was held on the racecourse, and took the shape of a picnic and sports. These were carried out under the super vision of a committee formed by the employees of Messrs. E. Webb and Co. Over 100 persons were present. The Western Warehouse is the only establishment in Bathurst which gives a weekly half- holiday to its employees. Several citizens who intend visiting England have been j made the recipients of compliments at the hands of their I friends. Mr. J. Simmons, an ex- alderman, was entertained at dinner at Richardson's Hotel on Saturday, and was pre sented with an address and pair of field-glasses. Both were raised by subscription among the shareholders of the Starr Bowkett Societies, in connection with which Mr. Simmons has rendered good service as hon. treasurer. Sir. W. Mugridge was invited to dinner by the employees of Messrs. Mugridge, timber merchants. He also received an address and pair of field-glasses, and a pair of glasses was given to Mrs. Mugridge. There was a large attendance. To night, Mr. John Meagher, J.P., was entertained at a public banquet at the School of Arts Hall. The Mayor (Dr. Curtis) occupied the chair, and all classes of the community were well represented. Mr. Meagher has been successful in business as a storekeeper, and being generous in his disposition, and energetic in connection with many public movements, he is well liked by his fellow citizens. Thcspeakers all bore testimony to his high moral worth. He was presented with a splendidly illuminated address, from the studio of Mr. J. Sands, of Sydney ; it was in book form, and the illustrations which it contained were works of art. A number of other residents are leav ing by the Austral for England. 