SALE WESLEYAI N ME?'HODIIST SUNDA Y SCIlOOL. LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE. The cerenmony of laying tile memorial stone of the first W\esleyan Sunday School in Gippoland took place on Monday. The huniling is of brick 50 feet by 20 feet, with cemented front, and is situated in Cuning h:ne-strect,. on the east side of the: par sonage, and with the latter and the church forms a fine block of buildings on the Wes leyan ground. There was a large attendance of spectators, who took great interest in the proceedings, which were opened by the sing ing of a hymn by the choir, the Rerv. J. S. IH. Royce, the chairman of the district, rend. ing a suitable portion of scripture, and the Rev. II. J.. Browncll, of Bairnsdale, offering up a prayer. Mr J. ]1. Waters read a copy of tihe document placed in the bottle laid under the stone. The inscription was to the following effect :-" This stone was laid by Andrew Brown, Esnq., of t'reston, in the year of Our Lord ISSG, being the 49Jth year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Henry Loch being the Governor of the colony, the Rev. W. L. Blanmires, President of the Victorian and T'asmanian Conference, and tie Rle. J. S. H. Royce the chairman of the Gippsland district anld superintendent of the Sale Cir cuit." The document went on to state the names of the trustees, .Messrs G. Ross, J. J. IDrew, J. Little. J. H. Waters, W. H Gibbs, F. Cornell, T. Jackson, L. Ross, and .. W. lBaker. The Ibottle also contained copies of The GiloCpp.sl Thimes and other papers, a cir cuit plan, and bronze coins. Mr Ilattam, senior circuit steward, then requested Mr Brown in the naile of the minister, the trustees, and the congregation to lay the memorial stone. In the course of his remarks, Mr Hattaiet, in referring to the Edlucation Act, said that they were sensible that the State did its duty to a certaiu ex. tent on looking after the secular education of the young, but it failed in one particular, in that it omitted to teach the lesson; of the Bible (llear Ilear). It therefore behoved the churches to be up andl doing all they could in providinga religious edcation for thleyounger members of the community. lie suggested a scheme in which all Protestant denominta tions could unite antd app tint men morally and religiously qualliled, whose sole occupa tion should be to look after the spiritual welfare of the young. After some further remarks, Mr Ilattam, on behalf of the trus tees, presented Mr Brown with an extremely handsome silver trowel with ivory handle. On the blade was inscribed Presented to Andrew Brown. Esq.. on laying the fouinda. tiot stone of the Jubilee school, Sale, I Ith October, 18S6.'. lie expressed a hope that it would remain in Mir Brown'.s family as an heirloom. and that his children would fol low in his steps. (Applause). The stone having been lowered into posi tion, .1lr Brown, after the usual formalities, declared it to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy lGhost. The Sumdav school, lie said, had always a waris place in his heart, as it was there tlhat lie was first Ibrought to a know ledge of tihe truth as it is in Jesus. The Sunday school was the nursery of the church, andt no one cnuld over-estilate its import atce. The in) iral elevation (of a people de pcitled oil thie religious traitniig of its youth, and it was the grea'est Inistako to nIglcut this. Take the noble institution of the Sun day school fromt their midst, and 200.000 children would go without religious instrue. tion. They had no conw:eption of the mleatin ing which that idea conveyed. le was bound to admit that he did not believe in the present Education Act. (Hear, hear). They must agree to differ on this very important point. lie gave it as his opinion that no state or nation can afford to ignore religion. They mnay say they will have nothing to do with dogmas and doctrines, buit a nation coulnd not afford to ignore morality and righteousness, amttl they coull not have righteousness andtl morality unless Ibased upon the principlles inculcated by Jesus Christ. Although iGod's Wonl at the present titme was hUnished from the schools, the scrip tures, in his opinion, were the foundation for all instruction. lie believed that the time was not far distant when the Bible would be restored to its original place. Crime was cven greater noW) than in the days whenl the denominational system of edutction was in force. Whether they might attribute it or not to the departure, nevertheless the broad fuct that such was the case lay Ibefore their eyes. Although they might tnot, perhaps, as a community, all agree on a system that would suit everybodly, still that was no reason why God's word should be placed under such restrictions and banished from the schiols. They nltst never forget that the ward of God prqduces a wonmlrqus power, and if they bore that fact i iin i they ought not to Ie afraidi if it were not taught just eaectly in the way they would like it. He wosld say this, that religious etttatosaio is a very potent factor, antl would prove itself such in the history of our nation, which wounil yet be one of the greatest nations on the face of the earth in years to come. The Sabbhhath school influence leans to that side which exalts a nation, and thank God it was one of the strongest and tmost powerful factors in destroying that sin which is a reproach to any people. May many scholars he brought to a knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and may they f orth and became a blessing to this anl the nation to which they belong. (Applause.) III con clusion the speaker thanked the trustees for the handsome present, which li e would always value highly. .Mr Geo. Inoss, itn coming forward, was wcarnmly received. Ie, anticipated that when this building was comtplhetI they would not have further occasion to dabble in bricks and mortar for a while, but would give attention to the work of the Saidbath school. '1 le present unlerltaking marked an era in the history of Metlhodism in Gippslald. Some '1 years ago tihe fouatattion of the present church was laid. Some three years prior to that time, swhen hlie came to Sale there was no onie in Gippslontl who wiasion answer to the name of Mletlhodist. ,Subsequently he I e come a Sunday school teacher, and it gave him great satisfaction to know that many of his scholars were at the present time zealously engagrd in carrying out that work around Sale and elsewhere 31r Iattinm having informedl those present that the handsome sonm of £3S Is 4td had been laid on tile stone, the benediction was pronounced, and the proceedings ter minated. 