MR. MADDER'S EXHIBITION. The great Mr. Madder, RA., was slowly awakening to the fact that he had begun to pay the penalty which, sooner or later, attaches itself to the incessant painting of pot-boilers. In other words, the great man's popularity was declining-and far worse than that the annual income which he derived from his pictures was gradually, but surely, diminishing. Not that Mr. Madder was poor- on the contrary, he had a great deal more money than he knew what to do with but he was somewhat of a miser, and it cut him to the heart to be compelled to accept lower prices for his productions than he had hitherto been accustomed to pocket. The trustworthy butler, Bung, endeavoured to console his master by allud- ing to the general depression of trade and to the fall in value of all articles of luxury pictures included ; but since that little affair with Mr. Timothy Spinks, Madder had somewhat mistrusted Mr. Bung, though he was, of course, much too discreet to give his faithful retainer warning. Moreover, it was ridiculous to contend that one of Madder's cows or babies was otherwise than indispensable in every well-ordered household, so Mr. Bung proved somewhat of a Job's comforter to his disconsolate master, who mourned continually over the decadence of artistic taste in England, and snarled at Bung until that worthy's life became almost a burden to him. At length, however, a light broke in upon Mr. Medder's mental gloom, the welcome friend who kindled it being that astute and impartial critic, Mr. Suubley, of the Evening Extinguisher It was one evening when Mr. Snubley had been dining at the RAF's hospitable and well-furnished board, that he delivered himself to the following fateful remark : " Why don't you have an exhibition of your pictures, Madder? The'ole lot, I meanness, Snubley was occasionally uncertain with his his " -" everything you've painted in your life, you know; it would be sure to draw." " Pon my soul, Snubley," responded Madder," you will hardly believe me when I tell you that, up to this moment, [ never thought of such a thing." " You don't say so ! Well, you think it over, for you may depend that every one in London would go to see the show ! Fancy, too, how people will rave about the early pictures; think of the notices you will get, and of the-." " Rubbish you will be able to sell," was Mr. Snubley's concluding thought, but he drowned it in a brandy and soda. The more Mr. Madder thought over this idea, the better he liked it, and in less than a week he made up his mind that a representative collection of his masterpieces should in due time be exhibited, provided that a sufficient number of paintings could be gathered together, and a gallery could be found important enough to do justice to their artistic perfection. Now, of course, the great man was not going to take the trouble himself to hunt up the whereabouts of everything he had painted for the last forty years, so it became necessary to engage an astute and trustworthy agent or dealer who would find out the fortunate possessors of Madder's works, induce them to part temporarily with their treasures, manage the financial part of the trans- action, and last, not least, hand over the lion's share of the proceeds to Madder himself. After some little trouble a gentleman was discovered who seemed to be precisely the individual wanted; his name was Solomon Myers -he was the lessee of a large and handsome gallery in Piccadilly, admirably suited for the purpose, and he agreed to Mr. Madder's somewhat stringent conditions with the most gratifying alacrity. So the project was duly set on foot, notices were in- serted in all the newspapers to the effect that Mr. Madder, R.A, in deference to the wishes of his friends and of the public, had consented to authorise an exhibition of his pictures in the galleries of Mr. Solomon Myers, and the dealer, aided by his distinguished patron, began to make inquiries, by means of endless letters and advertisements, about the scattered master- pieces of the great R.A. Mr. Mad- der's share in this business was merely to indicate to Mr. Myers where he thought the pictures could be found ; it was of course, the province of the latter gentleman to perform the actual hard work of hunting them up, and his efforts day by day and week by week were crowded with the most surprising success. But after the works were unearthed, Mr. Madder had, of course, to examine them, and decide whether they were really the produc- tions of his genius, or base imitations, and this part of his task he found very laborious and troublesome indeed. In fact, until Mr. Myers had progressed a long way with his investigations, Madder had no idea that he had painted such a number of pictures. It was true, of course, that he had turned out a good many works annually for about the last forty-five years, but as the worthy dealer's list grew and multiplied, Mr. Madder's surprise became something like amusement. " Dear me, Mr. Myers," he would mildly say, " did I really paint fifteen pictures in 1841, and twenty-three in 1846?" " I assure you that is the case, sir." " But how on earth have you been able to trace them all " " Well, sir," Mr. Myers would res- pond with a self-satisfied smile, and a comprehensive wave of his fat hand, " it has taken me a great deal of trouble, of course ; but I flatter myself that I can hunt out a picture with any man in London, and I hope, sir, you are not dissatisfied with the result ? " " Certainly not, Mr. Myers, certainly not you have displayed the most praiseworthy energy." For Mr. Madder, though some of his earlier works were not precisely after his own heart, put down their eccentricities to the untutored fervour of immature genius, and would not, for worlds, have admitted that he considered them unworthy of his more finished style. But now and then, when he was confronted with an unusually startling result of Mr. Myers's researches, it must be admitted that flickering doubts crossed the old gentleman's mind as to the authenticity of the master-piece in question. " Did I really paint that 1 " he inquired one day of the interesting dealer, as they were contemplating a truly remarkable version of the death of Absolom Madder had been severely afflicted with a tendency for painting Scriptural subjects in his youth " It is signed and dated sir," replied Mr. Myers. " * M.A.M.. 1842.' I have traced it from its original owner down to the present time. In fact, there can be no doubt at all about its being genuine." " Ah ! well, it's a long time," mused Mr. Madder ; " and, now that I come to examine it, there is certainly much merit in the painting. Crude, of course, but vigorous; and I think I may say promising." Mr. Madder consulted his good friend'Snubley about the " Absolom." and Mr, Snubley waxed quite enthusiastic in its praises. " Look at Absolom's left leg " he said " a reminiscence of Titian. And his hair ! suggestive of the minute finish of Mabnse." " But the perspective of the forest is rather-eh, don't you think so?" queried Madder, " and Job's attitude -just a little strained 1 " " Of course, one, does not expect a boy of nineteen to work as well as a man of sixty," said Snubley, " but it's worthy of you, Madder, I assure you. However "-and Mr. Snubley drew his friend somewhat apart out of Mr Myers hearing if you don't quite like the style of some of these early works, touch 'em up a bit-touch 'em up I say a few strokes from your master band here and there would make all the difference. Of course, I don't mean to say that you could improve them, Madder ; but you might bring them more into accordance with modern ideas mod- ern ideas, you know " " Touch them up ! I don't quite understand. Would it be quite legitimate, do you think ? " " Legitimate ! " cried Snubley, " to increase the value of a man's property ? rather ! Now, there's that Pharaoh in the Red Sea ; ' its just a trifle wooden ! And ' Zaccheus; ' he doesn't look quite comfortable up the tree you know. Few people do. He ha ! " And Snubley laughed consumedly at his own wit. " Upon my soul, I think you are right, Snubley." And when Mr. Madder asked Mr. Myers' advice upon the question, that worthy, too, had no doubt whatever as to the propriety or advisability of the course proposed and after a few days, hesitation, Madder set to work to improve and renovate his early creations. But this work of re- novation proved to be a good deal more arduous than the old gentleman had anticipated. In the first place, the number of genuine Madders which Mr. Myers succeeded in unearthing was quite phenomenal ; the catalogue grew and multiplied, and still the indefatigable dealer kept announcing almost daily the discovery of a long forgotten work. In the second, the diversity of style and subject about these pictures was terribly puzzling to an artist who had painted nothing but cows and babies for some twenty years, and who was naturally embarrassed when he was compelled to kindle in Pharaoh's features a proper expression of malignant despair, to give increased vigour to a combat between two medieval knights, or to smooth off the somewhat angular contours of some pallid and lovelorn damozel. All these things, and much more besides, was Madder compelled to do, while Mr. Myers urged him on to greater exertions with fanciful pictures of the sensation his show would cause, and Mr. Snubley chorusses approval both of his motives and of his execution. It was not until Mr. Madder had touched up a hundred or two of his early productions that it occurred to him to make precise inquiries of Mr. Myers as to their ownership. Many were ticketed with well-known names ; the Earl of Stockport, Lord Kitcat, Sir Amyntas Gubbins; Mr. Nood leton Croesus, and other distinguished patrons of art, but a very large number were either un- appropriated by any owner, or were labelled with names which sounded unfamiliar and strange in Mr. Madder's ears. The artist asked for an explanation, and, after some little hesitation, Mr. Myers consented to solve the mystery. "You see, sir," he said, " I had the good luck some time ago to find out an extensive collector of your works who was in very embarrassed circumstances. I was in a position to offer him a lump sum for the lot, and I don't mind telling you, sir, that I got them very cheap indeed. It was an opportunity, Madder, which does not occur every day a great stroke of luck." " Then a hundred or more of my pictures belong to you ? " asked Mr. Madder, not looking very well pleased at the discovery, " Precisely, sir and it is with regard to these works that I wished to consult you. In truth, I was about to propose an arrangement, with your kind permission, which would be mutually advantageous to us," " And what may that be " " That you should allow me, sir, to sell these pictures or, at all events, some of them upon terms to be agreed upon between yourself and my firm. Mr. Madder did not quite like the idea ; it was decidedly irregular, but then he was, as I have said, a bit of a miser, and thought he saw his way to making a pretty good thing out of Mr. Myers On the other hand, it was obviously undesirable that it should be publicly known that Mr. Myers had no fewer than a hundred of his pictures for sale-it might spoil his market in fact, it he quarrelled with Myers, that worthy might revenge himself by putting the whole collection up to auction, which would never do. So he resolved to be diplomatic. "I don't think you were at all justified, Mr. Myers," he remarked in seeming indignation, " in keeping this knowledge from me so long." " I had every intention of telling you, sir." said the dealer, with a deprecatory smile, " but you have been so much engaged of late upon the pictures that I have scarcely had an opportunity." Madder was not quite such a fool as to believe this. He knew perfectly well that Mr. Myers's real reason for keeping him in the dark was the fear lest he, Madder, should deny the authenticity of the pictures painted forty odd years ago which, of course, he could not well do now that he had expended considerable time and trouble in improving their appearance. Nothing remained but to make the best terms for himself that he could. In this laudable object he was fairly successful, for he held over Mr. Myers's head the threat of withdraw- ing the exhibition altogether unless he was treated with liberality. And so, as each gentleman had something to fear from the other matters were arranged without any unreason- able delay or haggling. This done, Mr. Madder felt more easy in his mind. Whatever happened he could not come to any harm, and what between the shillings of the common herd and the more acceptable cheques in three or four figures of the select few who not only looked at pictures but bought them, he expected to do tolerably well, and yet leave a reasonable surplus for his enterprising coadjutor. There was, however, a considerable amount of touching up and renovating still to be done, and to this Madder applied himself with renewed vigour. Of course, he declined to spend any more time over the productions of his enthusiastic but uncultivated youth ; he had done enough for them already, and he had a strong suspicion that Mr. Myers's supply of these early master- pieces was practically unlimited. But there were many more recent works, lent by distinguished patrons of art, which did not altogether please his fastidious eye. Upon minute examination, he would find trifling deviations from the unalterable laws of com- position-a high " note " was too high, or a low " note " too low. Again, he would discover sins against the canons of colour and tone, or violations of the mystic statute?, which things were pain and grief to Madder, and he set to work to remedy them with untiring vigour that is to say, he eliminated from his pictures any taint of originality, and reduced them to the level of the conventional Christmas Number abominations from which, to tell the truth, they had previously differed but very little indeed. After a few weeks of this sort of labour Mr. Madder began to feel that he really wanted a rest. The exhibition was to open in a fortnight, and, perhaps, it would be more dignified, he thought, if he left London altogether for a time, and retired to some sequestered spot where he could enjoy needful repose, and at the same time revel undisturbed in the columns of panegyric which the newspapers were sure to devote to himself and the works of his lifetime. Madder could never remember in after years whether he Myers, or Snubley first hit upon this idea, but, whether it was original or not, he speedily made up his mind to act upon it. He delayed his departure up to the very day before the private view, so that everything should be put in perfect order ; he superintended the arrangement of the pictures-a lengthy task, for there were between 400 and 500 of them-and kindly corrected the proofs of the catalogue, which a warm-hearted critic had enlivened with page after page if descriptive eulogy. When Messrs. Snubley and Myers came to Euston to see him off, he gleefully told them that he was going -he was not quite sure himself-and he did not mean to reveal his whereabouts for some weeks to come. Was it a smile of satisfaction that Mr. Madder observed upon the faces of his friends as the train started, or merely the vacuous grin which people generally assume when welcoming; or seeing off their acquaintances ? A momentary suspicion passed through, his mind, but he soon convinced himself that neither gentleman could have any possible motive for wishing to get rid of him. Mr. Madder journeyed to a little Welsh village on the sea-coast with an incomprehensible name, where he could enjoy the sea-air in peace, and devote his energies to doing absolutely nothing at all without fear of interruption. He was accompanied, of course, by the faithful Bung, who brought his master the numerous notices of his exhibition which appeared in the papers, carefully withholding those which he did not consider to be sufficiently eulogistic. But the papers were practically unanimous. in declaring that so valuable and interest , ting a show had rarely, if ever been seen before, so Mr. Young's task was easy. In a fortnight's time small para- graphs also began to appear to the effect that certain of Mr. Madder's pictures had seen sold to this or that patron of art, and Mr. Madder began to take a wonderfully increase pleasure in his holiday. But his satisfaction was considerably diminished by the following singular paragraph, which met his eyes a few days later : We understand that serious complications are likely to arise with reference to the works of a distinguished artist, which are now being exhibited in Piccadilly. It is said that many owners who lent their pictures for exhibition have discovered they have been " restored and otherwise altered, without any authority having been given to justify such a course. We trust that satisfactory explanations will be forthcoming, which will avert the legal proceedings now threatened in several quarters. And a mysterious note, which I arrested his attention in other journal I drove him nearly frantic It ran thus : I Ghosts in the Sunna. We have, already heard a good deal of late about sculptor's and painter's " ghosts," and an extraordinary report which has just reached us seems likely, if founded on fact, to throwing a startling light upon a vexed question. It is said that a sfrnoreling artist painted a number of pictures so exactly resembling the earlier efforts of a distinguished R.A., that even the R.A. himself was deceived, acknow viewed the works to be his own, and sanctioned their exhibition in a gallery which shall be nameless. And the story goes that the Royal Academician, not feeling wholly satisfied with these creations, took the liberty of executing certain alterations in them, which did not meet with the approval of his young imitator, who now threatens legal proceedings against both the proprietor of the gallery and the R. A. We, of course, give this nunsveiling story for what it is worth, without committing ourselves to any expression of opinion as to its truth. ... Madder rushed wildly to the telegraph office and wired to his solicitors Their answer arrived in a few hours : Return at once. Absence most unfortunate. Test-action threatened on behalf of owners of your pictures for authoritative renovation. Also on behalf of artist, who alleges he painted many of them. His name, Timothy Spinks. London Truth. The way to "attach" Ireland to England. Adopt "stringent means- ures. Fun. u And does the new minister give satisfaction 1 " "I should say he did. Why he's just opened his second barrel of sermons."- Tit Bits. Over the Counter new pamphlet has just been published, entitled, England and Ireland : A Counter Proposal. It is to be hoped it is not a discounter of any good project. Fun. " What station do you call this 1 " asked a man as he crawled out of the ruins of a car, after a recent railway accident. " Devastation, sir,'.' replied his fellow-passengers in chorus. Oh-, come Tribune, 