\ „. '.: Amusements . : HOLLOWAY DRAJWATIO .'; ; : ;; COMPANY ;.;, V... :.,' ;Mr; W-.J-i Holloway must indeed have felt gratified 5th instant at the : brilliant closoiof the dramatic season of the above1 company in^Launceston. A wet and bleak ;day, culminating shortly before 8 plm. in a steady downpour of rain, might fairly have excused Va1 thin :house even on.' a benefit v night, but despite the unoropitious state: ,of the elements the Academy- was literally;packed. Long before eight: o'clock; : notices of '.' No standing room' were posted downstairs, and numbers ; disappointed ' in ; obtaining admission to the stalls' took' ^ tickets '.'for the; diess circle, but the! best seats there had all been reserved long before;, and, when, the curtain rose every, seat, in 'the Academy was occupied, num ibers. having to stand in every part'of the house; . The almost incessant patter of the ?rain- on the iron roof of the building during the evening- was a great disadvantage to! the performers, a3 it dulled the cbmpre; 'hension'of many passages even of the best; spsakers, and rendered some of the actbrsj at times {almost inaudible to those in the back of .the house. ? ? ' .?:.': ! ,:.; 'Hamlet'. was the piece selected by the beneficiare for -his final performance in' Lauaoeston, and we cannot say that Mr.' W. J. Holloway was happy in his choice.. Iti falls/, to' the lot of very few'pIayers-Tj-. .even, .of the most eminent tragedians— to supcessfully- iportray the illfatedi reason^ : distorted Prince of Denmark, and not one per cent.'. of . those who assay the character dd the author^ justice, or- succeed- in' pre- senting'^; conception that shall/be '.deemed, a | masterpiece; of the most difficult5 , character ' ever placed, upon. the. boVrldsi Further, ' 'Hamlet' ,is. a very seyere, tax; .upon any 'company, and. that evening it proved.. rather^' too heavy for -the capa-i bilities of ;thei troupe;' Although -'it : is' Impossible to depart niuchfromthe'lines and text usually' represented; there is, ^'con- siderable difference in the manner in which tMr. Holloway stages arid plays ' Hamlet .','. to itliat usually .adopted, .but .we/ think, it, will.', ,be, '.'.' generally conceded ithat the. author's intentions ;were more clearly and: /intelligentlyi.defined last evening relative to ;the .Staging, of the tragedy than has been -witnessed in ? -Laimceston for many years.;./ The opening scene, showing the; ramparts, and; castle of Elsinore, ',was.;es: cellerit', but'.wW surpassed by th o -fourthi scene, showing ' a rocky . defile outside i the ramparts, jviththe castle/ andi sea showing :ik the distance. ..From a craggy emirienoe .on ',one:side of the. defile the ghost- of the -murdered king ; addresses ' Hamletj' ' and ?unfolds to,;.him-the,-,,baso treachery of ..his' , mother and ' uncle; ' As the ? ghost j !, Mr. ! Charles Holloway was clear and.idistinct,. ,and the.irinovatiori, which is in accordance ,with Shakespeare's -text, -of removing the , ghost i from,. the: floor, of the stage: -to a i craggy , peak, adds to the ? effective- ?' ness of an; excellently painted' .'and moiinted; scene. ? The ; burial: scene, tpo: was an. improvement on that generally ; witnessed/whilst Mr. Holloway alsostruck out on a course new toTasmanian theatre goers in many instances, several of which were decided, advancements, but in some cases his reading of the author's lines could scarcely be called a reformation,' notably when rendering the lines, 'Thus bad begins but worse remains behind!' We think the curtain being opened ex aosing the dead body of Polonious is the' puthor's meaning of '?' Thus bad begins,' but Mr. Holloway's rendition leaves his audience in the dark as to the term ap plied, and the text loses its meaning to a considerable extent. Mr. Holloway's pre sentation of Hamlet cannot be deemed an unqualified success. Hamlet does not Buit him, or rather he does not suit . Hamlet. Mr. Holloway . is too heavy and rather too ' stagey. ' in his acting to successfully render Shakespeare'B masterpiece. He, however, gave a scholarly rendering of the lines, showing close study of the character, and a thorough knowledge of the autb or's creation according to., his reading. The most sue-, cessful , performance undoubtedly was the Ophelia of Miss Essie Jenyns, in which she ? fully sustained ? the reputation deservedly .secured 'in. her rendering of other cha racters^ in Launcestori.. It is noodless 1» say! Miss-' Jenyns' looked pretty/and' her acting throughout was; admirable; thoi mad scene being especially an artistic -por-.;; trayal. Mr.C. Holloway made afirst-class1 gravedigger, and secured well-merited ap plause,1 being undoubtedly a good second' to Miss Jenyns, Miss Kate Arderi's ? Queen, perhaps, being the next in order of merit.' Mr. Jewett : was not at all happy in his : repdering of the character of the King.' His appearance was decidedly unmaj'estic; and his performance, as a whole, was not a' success ,? indeed, knowing what a really good i actor Mr. Je wett '. is, * - we : were sur prised to find that he did not give a bettor rendering of the part; Mr. Stewart' was fairly successful: as Laertes, but lacked power in the final scene. The other ; characters ;'call '; for.; no; .special mention.; At ; .the ; conclusion ' of the third act Miss Essie Jenyns' .' received 1 a hearty ovation, accompanied by a deluge of bouquets, and at the; conclusion' Mr. W. J. Holloway was called before the curtain amidst loud and prolonged applause. When silence was restored Mr. Holloway said he could not leave Launcestori without 'expressing his appreciation of the cordial patronage accorded to himself and company during the recent season. It had .been ' said ' that to the manager' ''Shakespeare' spelt ' bankruptcy,' ' but : Launceston possessed an intelligent and appreciative public, and he was glad to' say that the Shakespearian dramas had' 'paid the management best. /He! might state that both from a financial and an : 'artistic point of viow the : past iseasori had ' been a success, and- he wished1 to express :hi8sense of: the hearty support he had re ceived in every possible way 'from the rlesBee, Mr. T. Sullivan, who' wpuld re-open the Academy on ? Monday ; week with 'ari; pperar compariy, which he: trusted 'would - receive equally liberal patrpnage 'to' that' accorded to him; (Cheers'.)'1 f : ' !!' , ! ' '*?']. i . -. .. ,.-. .- . .-.- ? ..??;?? ? ??'.?? ?- t.-r,;! h'u. Pollard's Liliputian Opera. Troupe.t-7, By the sis. Flinders, which, arrived Tues7, day, the above named popular trpupe^ere , ^passengers, 'andithey will ! open., in t the , Academy of Music for a Vshort. season oh Monday next; when 'The!, Little rDuke.' wiil be rendered.. '. Miss Mariaii, Norman jwillagain sustain the'roZfi'pf^Fabrice^ 'The ; Little Duke,' and Miss Lucy Cobb.that jof . ?theyouthful bride. Great pains are, being taken to render the coming season 'of: this, favpurite troupe .a ' success, and ? the', . Academy will enable the management. , to. stage the operas in a mariner hitherto iin-, ?possible in Launceston. ,.;r. ,.-.r . .p . ?; 