.AIR PATTERSON AT; CASTLE AIATNE. oriNIONS OP THE PRESS. (Argus.) ; Only Air J. B. Patterson could have delivered j the singular and striking address v to ", which the; electors of Castleinaine wore treated on Friday! evening. ;; The:' town - is certainly specially; favoured-in thfe'political sense..' Carlton, with! nearly double the nurabor of electors; has to bet content with such light as Mr John Gardiner can throw:., upon "tho-.:subjects ;of- :the day, hutj Castlfemaibejis ( first illuihinatfed' by the "settingj rays of Air Service, and is tlien ( shone upon hy j Mr Patterson; who is moviiig-up'ih the flrmament. i With" these advantages; thfe 'electors in question may- possibly readily understand : an . address- which, taken as a whole, would' puzzle others. | The interest tliat lias attached to'the speech rose! mainly from the 'fact that; there lias been a strong effort to run the member for CaBtlemaine ' as against Air Deakin for tho leadership "of the: Radical party. His Excellfency lias been' gravely! informed that lie can sot, asido the! advice of his! retiring Ministers, and can overlook Mr Gillies and go to Air Patterson at' once. Mr !! Deakin, the parfy lias been told, is -credulous, while Mr i Patterson is astute. The one, - it has been put! about, is pliable, while .the other has . power, j There wrill be some difficulty in continuing these j tactics - now) .True, Mr Patterson oommoneed I by reminding his hearers -how '.he fought the! Radical battles -iii-times past, hiit, as he says' himself, there is no value in these Rip Van! .irtkle sterieB, and the hits of his speech— and '.'s (vefy:hard hitting in iteraro all 'at the ' ox'pehse of Nio Radicalism of to-day. Tlife lion: : member paid a, visit to England sonie! time back. Ho. disappeared for , a' while from Yictori'ah politics, "and, according to his own statements, ; lie seemB to -have experienced the change-be- 1 lioved in by the aboriginal, who goes clown black - man and comes up white fellow. The point to1 bo decided is whether both sides will claim; or! whether neither will recognise liim. - i ; If: Air Patterson were in -the . Cabinet, -lie would materially help to effect the object. As it is Mr Gillies and Air Doakin liave tlie eo'mfortin« : reflection tliat their critic life rendered his oppo ; eition as harmless as possible. At the head of tlio disaffected radicals, ho would have been- a thorn in the side at once. But luckily, "in plaoo - of blossing Alessrs John Woods; Pearson; W. O. ; Smith, Richardson, and tho other grumblers, ho ; has buffeted thorn with sovority. Ihs'teUd oil leading this host, he scomB rather to .present a; point for disunited cbristifcutioiiaiits ) to ' (rally ' upon, aiid thqpqursq of ovqnts roust, ddterinine | the-chanpes qf hostility, to tlio hew, .Government! from that quarter. : . ! ; . ., ) ! ; -i , (Age.) -- " ( - ... ! As a -prpiiiihent 'politiciaiV, teiid' o'lie'SVlio -Isi Mfted jVith'fepirmto a'-fobiimbSf .piSliife'in'thoj pHrfy conijiinations of the futu):e,,vAli- RrtttBtebn ' will always cpmmapd an audience that will listen attentively to anything he may have to'my llie clroumstanoo that ho has roprosontod the sai.''i»3iHnhy,;an4'.:|titre.df one of tlio most imjiijftant industries in the colony, for an unbroken period of fifteen years is a substantial testimony to liis power of winning and f stain ing, popularity and slioWs; that; a democracy is noD so'insensiDle to blio Services of 'its' public men, and so fickle and capricious in_ the treat ment of its favourites, as some aheient'and aris tocratic satirists were fond 'of representing it. That Mr Pattersori has donfe a good deal in tho way of pushing tho interests of Castlemaine may be token for granted, though lie not as indis creet as Mr (feeys tobofet of it;, and we suppose that what ho has doiio is taken to bo only an earnest of what he iiitehdS to <io whenever an opportunity offers. Ho will be returned at tho head' of the. poll on the present occasion almfe'st as a matt?'; of; course ; but it is nut clear, from the spfefedh wliieh he delivered on Friday night, what seat, lie Will occupy wlieii he gets into the House. It , is the Speech of a politician, (wli'o pi'offesses to be thoroughly dissatisfied with the existing state of things; but it does not indicate the precise :remedy lie will adopt to better them! With most of the legislation of the last session, which received the support of the Liberal party in Parliament, lie openly avows his complete dis agreement ; at tho same time he criticises ; Air Service with a freedom that is inconsistent with (any veiy strong desire to court the favour of thfe Conservatives, ' who put him into' power,' and have nominated Atr Gillies to succeed him in tlio leadership. He does not consider Mr (Service and Air Berry fit and -proper persons, to. repre'sfeiit the colony, at the.Fe'deral Council. .They arb both politically dead 'inon', and cannqt ; be (ar raigned for anything they .may say or do which Parliament may disapprove. . The new Coalitjop he c'oiidemns eveii Snore warmly than lie. did- tlio old one,, so that if the Conservatives, who have placed Mr Gillies' at- the head of it,'aro looking 'to ' havfe 7 his support tliey . are likely fa be'dis- appointed. . Though Aii' Patterson is tio friSffd of the Coalition principle, we suspect lie has Very little hope of putting together .to (Gevferhmeht whicli should not be based upon it/ ' He speaks of finding men who,' though they ihay agree.to differ. on some points, will 'he able to labour harmoniously, together in1 the interests' of( the country ; but what would to paqfy so constructed be if not- a party of compromise ?;: " ' (Telegraph.) Air Patterson's speech is noteworthy, " prin cipally for the emphasis with- which it "susth'iiis our -assertion that, -for the. present at least,, party names in ; Yictoi-ia;: are dead. ; Such (-terhis-as "Liberal": and "Conservative" will (do.- duty, no douht) still in maiiy eloquent stump speeches' ; but if a coroner's inquest could be : held :upoh them, they' would be pron'ouhce'd- to call for nothing ' but" speedy "and decent 'intorriie'nt. They aro past tlie power of medicine. - to heal. ' Air Patterson life no "(affeifibii to waste on Air Service) ( ancl lie;': is anxious to reduce tlio points of agreement with him to a niinimuni) But on: tliis, pointjiIi' Patterson can only eehq iw-hat Alr,(Seryiee( has already 'said— ,'l lf . you are. going, to resurrect "the old parties,'.' said Air Service, a (fort night ago, " let me warn you: that they will jjB only tlie ghosts of their , former -selves ; .liiiy, they would bo worst than ghosts'; for you, will resurrect hot the ghosts, hut. the putrid corp'ses of the old parties and the old7 Criefe) - "whicli would be offensive to'tlio sight, the smell/ fend the touch of the whole peoplo of Yictpria." "Tlie old parties," . said Mr. Patterson) are pumped out mentally and physically, exhausted and decayed, waiting only for 'the jgravediger to cover them up. The7 titles Liberal and Con servative have no meamng iioiv; 'Only Rip Yah Winkles refer to the glorious deeds they per formed in days .gone by." It is a clear' gaiii" to have the fact that our. old party distinctions are meanless and tlius put beyond 'challenge'. The old lines resemble nothing but the dim furrow-marks in a field from whicli the harvest lias long since been gathered. There are no n'ejv harvests in the old furrows. - . ; " .!.(!,'. (! ., The . Coalition, Air Patterson holds, ( wa s " an 'unnatural -conneetion" from tlie first: Its policy had< only- one respectable idea-tliat; of the abolition of patronage— which was'Stole'fi from Air Patterson himself. Mr Service, >:,AIr Pattereoii patlietically complains, ' caught ' him bathing, and " stole his clothes !" But 'tho Coalition, Mr Patte.i'kph: declares'/ exhausted that one respectable idea in its, first sessibn, and ever since- has been a mete jjqlitical'phiifi- tasm. It has perished of mere) " waiit'of policy and of pluck." . Air Patterson's rhetoric, indeed, ignites as it goes ; , and he ends by declaring Hie Coalition to be' a mere' compound of -" 'cunniii and of cowardice "as interpreted, by its leader, it nicaiit a surrender7 of every principle except the totting ' up of (the' huinbors by tho .two,- whips.',' All tlfe is,, of .(course, Iiistory written in very party-oblbui'ed ink. " ' ' . The- fact, tliat 'ancient party' lines -no longor diyide/us, .and. that -ancient party ( -names-tore emptyof meaning, is thekeytpthe' wliolepolitical situation. Tliero is lib question before Hie coun try : which really divides-ifc. (There!is:no policy proposed on , one side, and;((attael:ed bri"Uio othor; - from , which ; we .can, hang out our flags. The - country .is- enjoying— or suffering— apoliti cal interregnum, and we do-not want to'start a policy of adventure, to go in. search. of reasons for strife. Time will bring them soon enough, Meanwhile) we - want : a Ministry, ' strong pjij \- cliRracter. and ability, .which/will content itself with .a , policy ; of wise (and vigilant, adminis tration. " A weak Alinistry," said lilr Service -at Castlemaine, ." will 'be ;a curse-toffho country." Who can best ,give..;usa strong Alinistiy!?,, ! Air Patteraoii is a considerable -figure in the politi cal world ; liq'will lia've to.be'reckOned with by all.sideS'ah'd he, !is -plainly '.willing, to foiin a 'Alinistry,' toyliicli' would-'be-a cottlitio'ii, iiitfact though not in name, Yroni jtlie .Corner. What -are, life plminoes of success ?' Mr' Gillies has a slight, and' , not very legitimate, 7 advantage over him. The difference betwixt tliem is sfcfifetly one of pei-sonal fitness or unfitness. ( .Off 'tho whole, it is plain that the approaching 'elections will represent absolutely no conflict bf opposing political ideas. (We hope - it will beinarkedby tho 'emofgenfee ( of; a; wholly new foqce— the ini- (ptilse which;- demands a higher stondard-.of porj (fePi1! character in public life, and r- bhUirones niortalify 'in 'public 'affairs. ; 'c-. - 