AMERICAN ITEMS. From recent American journals the follow ing items are gathered relative to matters in which Australian readers are not unlikely to be interested :— Mr. Boucicault's "Jilt" was being played with success at the Boston Museum, Mr. Boucicault himself playing the part he sus tained in Melbourne. Madame Janauschek was playing in "Mary Stuart," "Bleak House,"and "MyLife" at St Louis. Mr. Dominick Murray, who virtually began his career in Melbourne a quarter of a century ago, and who afterwards established himself as a favourite in London, was also recently at St Louis, playing in a farcical comedy entitled "Peck's Bad Boy." Signor Salvini, junior, was playing in San Fraucisco on the nights when his father was not well enough to play. He is described as a persevering young man, who is not dis couraged when the houses are empty, as they generally are when he appears. Miss Agnes Thomas, who was lately here, was playing in San Francisco the part of Lady Millicent in " The Jilt" A juvenile "Mikado" company were ap pearing in San Francisco. Herr Vogrich, his wife (Miss Alice Rees), and Mr. John Radcliff (the tlautist) were giving successful concerts in San Fran cisco. Miss Isabel Morris was arranging for a visit to the Australian colonies, bringing with her an emotional drama entitled "After Twenty Years." Messrs. Baker and Farron were giving their entertainment, playing in Chicago The celebrated Clara Morris was in Balti more playing in "Article 47," " Alixe," " Camille," and " Miss Multon." Miss Morris is declared, at last, not to have anything the matter with her spine. Miss Jeffreys Lewis was at Denver (Colo rado), and very popnlar. Miss Kate Castleton, who, some time ago, was said to be coming to Australia, was in Bridgeport (Connecticut), playing in a comedy with the title of "Over the Garden Wall." Miss Louise Pomeroy and her husband (Arthur Elliott) were at Herzog's Theatre, Washington, playing in "Richard the Third." -\\\j The Mendelssohn Quintette Club, wjfo were so much liked and so indifferently patronised in Melbourne about two years ago, were at Rockford (Illinois), giving concerts to thin houses. Mary Anderson had been in Indianopolis, where, although 6he had drawn l,G00dol. houses, she had not satisfied the critics, who thought iier by-play careless, aud her acting generally languid. J. K. Emmet was at Waterloo (Iowa', play ing very badly to crowded houses, and so bringing upon himself indignant critical remonstrances. Mr: H. E. Walton was in Jersey City, play ing iu " The Pavements of Paris." An Australian Novelty Company was at Detroit, drawing "jammed" houses. Herr Baudmann was at Lockport (N.Y.), playing in " Karcisse," " Othello," " The Corsican Brothers," and "Don Cresar,"and quarrelling, as usual, with everybody. Miss Eleanor Carey was at Zanesvitle (Ohio), playing Ruth m "The Wages of Sin" to the satisfaction of the critics. The Polks were also at Zanesvllle. Mr. Henry Hallam was playing Nanki Poo in "The Mikado" at Harrisburg(Pennsyl vania), and was described as "a pleasing tenor, whom it is a pleasure to bear." Miss Louise ArnoSt, who, 20 years ago, was i in Melbourne with the Marsh juvenile troupe, and who, at the age of 13, was a star ! of considerable magnitude, was recently in j Norristown (Pennsylvania), still a star of magnitude. I Madame Modjcska was in Washington, maintaining well her reputation. A company calling itself the Redmond Barry Company was in Indianopolis. The Saliebury Troubadours were in Brook lyn. Madame Camillo Urso was at Gallatin (Tennessee), as great a favourite as ever. j Mrs. Tom Thumb was travelling variously in New York State. Among the pieces that were being repre sented were "The Ratcatcher," "In the Ranks," " BlackuafdL" " The Breadwinner"— a dramatic adaptation of the remarkable story by an unknown author—'' Fun on the Bristol," Michael Strogoff," "The Danites," " Leah," "Camille," "Partners in Crime," "The Stranglers of Paris," " Skipped by the Light of the Moon," " The Streets of New York," "The Mikado"—everywhere—"Collars and Cuffs," and "Mrs. Greenwood's Headache." A resuscitated " Black Crook" was being offered to the consideration of the dwellers in remote country towns. Also a piece entitled "Clio," in which there was a ballet "com posed," as the narrator has it, " of eight obese women who danced in the days of the original ' Black Crook'" and an earthquake " composed of the same number of paste board pillars, falling on themselves." ln< Cincinnati there were a scriptural panorama and a sacred ghost bIiow on Sunday evenings. And a circus at Ottumwa (Iowa) was described as an " Equine Paradox." Miss Marie Prescott, who is shortly ex pected in Melbonrne, had been lecturing at the Comedy Theatre, New York, with marked success. The title of her lecture was "Among the Stars," and it dealt with some matters re lating to the theatrical profession vigorously, trenchantly, and yet humorously. All the papers praised it—and her. 