POLITICS. . Parliament will he opened on Tuesday next at noon by commission. One of tho judges of the Supreme Court will be authorised by the Governor to attend the Legislative Council and read the warrant; calling bolli Houses together. But the swearing in of members of the Legisla tive Assembly will tako place as usual in the The approach of ..another ' Pnrliamcnlary session is shown by tlio increased political activity in certain quarters, und on all hands is it predicted that the Government will bo con fronted -with strong opposition. The more assertive opponents of the second coalition nro already loud iu their threats of making tilings lively for tlio Government when too work of tho session begins,;, and there, are not wanting members hold enough to . say that tho Govern ment will be challenged to yield up its ghost ou the very first Ministerial question, being sub mitted to tho House. : Of course ail this is as yet more idle talk, hccauso the scsstou is not likely to commence in earnest until about June next. Nevertheless this, gossip indicates what members nro thinking about. 1 Tho Government intend to support Jlr. Lalor's candidature for the Speakership on Tuesday next, when tho 'Assembly meets, hut too Opposition talk of testing' the' strength of tho Jlinistry on tlio' issue by bringing forward another caudidato. The names of Messrs. Cooper and Gnunson anil Dr. Quick aro men tioned in connection with the election, but no determination has yet been arrived at as to whicli of toeso three aspirants, if, indeed, any ono of them, is to'receiTe tlio voice and vote of the opponents of -too Government. The election of Mr. -Walker, Commissioner of Customs, for tho electorate of Boroondnrn, is to ho disputed by petition. It is allogcd tout two cases of impersonation anil six of doublo voting can be proved. The defeated candidate, Air. C, F. Taylor, only lost the election by fifteen votes, nnd, if other alleged irregularities in addi tion to those above referred to can bo sustained, it is not improbable that the present result of the election may he altered. ' Mr. John James's election committecaro not satisfied witli the recent election, and the Ballarnt Courier states that evideuco is at present boiug collected in regard to numorous alleged cases of doublo voting. If sufficient evideuco can bo secured tho matter will bo brought before tho Parliamentary Elections and Qualifications Committee. It is stated that a large number of cases of impersonation nnd double voting occurred. Tlio individual who was given in charge at Loigli Creek for personation escaped through tho window of tho room 111 which ho was confined, aud ho has not since been heard of. Of course, it baB to bo proved that tho doublo voting was for n certain candidate, anil if tho investigation is nndcr- tasen it will bo of n very tcdlons and expensive auJ' r"te, it will ho somo days Jet bctoro any action will be positively dccidod ii?«''.-r ', . ,4amcs,a committee consider that 0 information they possess is quite sufficient to iletnimd IV scrutinyi Mr> jftmcs wiU not WK" - 113 Position as Minister of tho Crown, . rcma,n an Executive councillor, and tmilly- a member of tho Government. 