^fteicDer, The Cost Bear Hunters.: CHAPTEB I. IT was Dsoember in the early part of the present century. The winter had commenced in good earnest, although! the fall of snow was less than usual in Canada. Time has. wrought ohanges in the district'of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of our story it was very thinly peopled; the settlements were few and far between. Faoilities for emigration were few; there were no steamships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamed of; the British government were less liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied/enterprise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. • : Some gentlemen "iii reduoed circumstances," whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the lsu^nf.cteep snows and long winters, had obtained'poBsession of large traots of land, whichthey,«ought to let at a very low rental to the poorer dasa of settlers, in order to found ior-ihennselves or their successors extensive estates aa landed proprietors after the English modd. Mr. T held one of these extensive tracts, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among tbe few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay. and ThomaB Nowlan. Howay was an Englishman by birth, and had been* someyears in Canada. Nowlan was an American fand: had spent the whole of his life as a backwoodsman, which means that he waB inuredio all kinds of difficulties and dangers^ anditiiat he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had<\- spent his best yearsin the wilds. Howay, though a young mas, was past the middle age. • Early one December morning Ho way started from his log hut for a day at wood^Hitting. Besides his axe, he had his gun and-hiB dog Lion. He soon discovered the tr&oks; of three bears, which they traced to a large leee^ihfSe miles distant: pears are not comfortable neighbors; and cowa and sheep anil^^|are not safe within their reaoh ^ beside^ ^arhich, their skins oould te utilised for vaiioae purposee; while, if young, their flelJh<wosild prove an acceptable addition to the winter's stock of food; and, moreover,: the AtfcSf not sold lor tear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. ^ r Perhaps it was his eagerness to seoore one of the bears, or even all three, as his -own prize, which led him on to immediatejpUack, instead of returning to the aettienrinit. ior help, as he should have (lone. He3>egM», therefore, at once to cut do wn the tree. But as the tree was at least sixteen feet in circumference, this was no light work, It was needful, too, that he should keep a good look-, out, in cace his movements should di<tuVb the bears. This ha began, to do, but, sleekening hia attention, he was presently {gut on the alert by the fall ot a large piece of bark. Looking up into the treehe discovered, to his no :emaU consternation,, the. largest of.the bears descending the tree, tail foremost. :The appearance of the bear warned him to prepare ior the worst;"BO patting down his axe, he seized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesitate. He might wound but not kill the animal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberating, the bear had nearly reached the ground, when the dog set np such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. Oa reaching the top of the trank where the limbs branched out, he paused, and turning round, surveyed both man and dog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Howay wished now that he had sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed more and more perilous. Bellying bis courage, however, he seized his gun,- and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground. But, strange to say,this suocess rather exoited the fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. He returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. The tree w&b; soon cut through, bat in falling, it struck against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identical part where the bears .had stationed themselves. Stunned and confqsed, the animals ran so close to one. of the men that he actually put the muzzle of iis gun close to the shoulder of the larger bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped unhurt, wHile the dogs engaged the wounded one nntil he shook them off with their flesh badly torn. It was now nearly sunset, and the,men returned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They were provided each with a rifle, an axe, about six charges of powder, and bread and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfaU. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and tbe knowledge that these tracks sometimes take tha hunter forty or even fifty miles from hiB starting-poii.t, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, knowing also that their return muBt be on their own footprints, and that if there shonld come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left without a trail of any kind. The 12th' December passed, and the adventurous huntsmen did not return. The text day, and the next, came andwhent in like manner, and still tbey did not appear; the only tidings of them being that about two o'clook on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and fiowB in a direotion south-west-bywest into lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and cpnoladed that they had perished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by tbe wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining to the townships of London and Nassouri, with the purpose of seeking the lost men. ' They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had escaped harm from the tears, for the cold was intense, their clothing was eiight for the winter season, tbey had no tinder box, and were entirely without means of any kind to protect them from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themeelves in every way for their hazardous undertaking. They stocked themselves with provisions, pocketcompasses, trumpets, abundance of ammunition, sufficient olothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires ; and, in addition, they took with them some of the best dogs in the 'country. There was one thing which added to their difficulties—a thaw had taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from the ground, excepting in low and Bwampy situations. They had, therefore, no tracks whatever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from tbe men who had seen'them crossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequence, no very sanguinis hopes of finding them. They continued their search, however, for two days, exploring thousands ot acres of forest and swamp, where they saw no trace of the foot of man. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead— for'they had not once come upon their track —the party returned home. There was one consideration which tended to mitigate the' distress of the situation, to render the event-less distressing than it might have been; the men had no family, so far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death; it was Bimply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end whioh they oonoluded Howay and Nclan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Xoung MrJ T was just. in the aot of despatching messengers to take, an inventory of the property of the lost men,. when the news reached him that they .had returned a few hours before, alive, but in a condition of -the most utter wretohedness. As soon as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxious to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an account of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need, wish to see, nor, having onoe seen, to behold a second/tune, They were speotaclea of woe and misery and wretchedness almost bayond description-rtheir garments torn, their countenances emaciated, their eyes sunk, tbetr flesh whiter^ away, and their whola appearance more like spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to converse with them seemed, like holding, intercourse with the spirits of the .departed. Their privations and sufferings bad been bo great, that the record oi tbem seems more like romance than jiober hiato.ry; their protracted endurance was. so astonishing, and their deliveranw so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting .and profitable to listen to a relation of their adventures. CHAPTER II. IT was on the 121A of December, tb8t Howay and Nowlan started in pursuit of the bear. They soon came upon his track, which they followed in a north-westerly direction for at least twenty miles, when night came on. With difficulty they suocseded in making a fire, getting a light by placing a piece of dry linen on the pan of a flint lock gun while flashing it. Bupperless they lay down to rest, and Bleeping they spent the night, whioh was exceedingly cold, its rigour being moderated, by the warmth of their ample fire. At daylight, after breakfasting., on the small frag* ment^ remaining from yesterday's dinner, they started again on the. traok of the bear, their faithful dog having/shared with them the crumbs of yesterday. The beta's track now became very-much involved, winding and doubling in a manner so perplexing that, about noon, when they must have proceeded twenty miles, they resolved to give up tho chase; for having no cdmpa&s;, and the sun not being visible, they were unable to distinguish north from south. Their condition was most perilous; in the depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of -iheix relative position, lost in the bo&nd-; ".Usfciojwst.To mala matters sworw, a thaw had set in; the snow was disappearing, and the rain was increasing hour by hour. They now recollected that in the early part of the day they .had crossed the. track of another bear, which they thought might lead them to some settlement. Tbey hoped, too, that if it did"not conduct them to tne abodes of men, it might lead to the bear's retreat, and that if they were successful in killing him, its flesh would afford them, food, and its skin serve as a bed. They followed the track, therefore, untU tbey lost it by reason of the melted snow. What to do or what course to take, they did not now know. Hunting the bear gave place to an effort to ward off starvation and to get home. They soon foand themselves on the bank of a small river, which they conceived to be a confluent of the Thames. Here they passed the second night, at the close of a day of hunger,disappointment,vexation,andfatigae. The situation was dreary enough. It rained ,in torrents, and their only shelter was a few strips of bark. The wolves bowled around tbem, and the tempest was BO fierce that trees were torn up by the roots and strewn around in wild confusion. The scene was unchanged when morning broke. About noon, the violence of the storm abated; but the rain fell relentlessly the whole of the day, while the oold was unabated. They again pursued their journey, still sustained by hope. Towards sunset, Howay fired at a partridge, but missed it, and tbey went supperless once more. On the fourth day, they felt this pangs of hanger, so that they could have eaten almost anything, and their thirst was so insatiable that they were compelled to drink every few minutes. Sixty hours had now elapsed since they had tasted food, and the appalling idea of death by starvation forced itself upon them. Just before sunset, Nowlan succeeded in shooting a partridge, half of which they consumed for supper, and devoured the other half for breakfast the next morning. But eo ravenous were they that; as they afterward declared, their hanger wbb no more appeased by eating this bird than it would have been under ordinary circumstances by swallowing a oherry. Little more than one charge of powder was now left them, and this they determined to reserve for lighting fires; for, as the froBt had now again set in, exposure for a single night without fire would result in speedy death. The fifth night was extremely cold, and Nowlan found in the morning that his feet were badly frozen. But this was not all. To the excruciating tortures of frostbitten feet were added an unappeasable thirst and burning fever. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from sunrise to sunset, doing about fifty miles a day; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that they accomplished half that distance. On the afternoon of the sixth day, the son appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they were not on the banks of the Thames; and as they had crossed that river to the north, tbey oould only conclude that they were on one of the rivers which flow either northward into Lake Huron or westward into Lake St. Clair, In either case they would be a long distance from home, and -in .a region then on settled by white people. Still as it led somewhere, they chose to follow itB course, as it might conduct them to some Indian settlement. In a short time they discovered a boat on the opposite Bide of the river, and, a little farther down a canoe. The appearance of these craft inspired them with the hope that there, might be some human habitations cr fellow-creatures near. But after travelling several miles, tbey came to the conclusion that the boats had been driven down the river during the recent thaw and storm. They were jast commencing to cut down a tree for the night's fire, when they observed a stack of bay a short distance before them, an their side of the river. The -haystack convinced tbem that they were near some settlement, and it afforded them a comfortable bed for the night, where they ,slept soundly for seme hours, which was tbeir first proper deep since leaving home. Bsfreehed by their repose, they started with new energy, still keeping the bank of tbe river. The dog, however, their faithful companion hitherto, oould follow them no longer; when they started, he staggered a few paces, and then fell. Tbe gna wings of hunger suggested that they &h.;*uld kill him to help to sustain their own life; hut humanity, and affection for the companion which han served them with euoh fidelity, got the better of all suoh promptings. They bad hardly proceeded a mile on their journey, this seventh morning, . when a new difficulty appeared in the shape of an impaseible swamp, which oompelled them to leave the bank of the river and strike out into the pathless waste. They walked all that day and the next, and aboat four o'clock on the ninth day they came npon the tracks of two men and a dcg. Hope leaped to the conclusion that they were now near some settlement, and that their toils and sufferings .and the withering hunger would soon be over. Alas I they were doomed to disappointment. After following the tracks for sometime, they were brought to the very spot where they had Crested a few nights before. The footprints were those of their dog and themselves. Despair now seemed to lay firm hands on them. They sat down without even taking -the trouble to kindle a fire,. feeling that it would be better to be frozen to death than to seek to prolong a miserable existenoe. They gazed on each other with countenances full of the most painful emotions ; tears flowed : freely down tbeir haggard cheeks; and : their chief dread was that one ought survive the other. to die unpitied and nnBeen. ^The apprehension, too, that their bodies 1 would be : devoured by animals, was one that added point to their miseries. ~ After they had both been the prey of melancholy for an hour or more, Howay seemed to regain his composure, and told his companion it was their duty still to employ means for their own preservation, as He who gave them 'being had alose the right to take away their lives. Boused by these considerations, they Bet about kindling a fire, using their last flash of gunpowder for the purpose. There seemed then no hope that they could, possibly, exist beyond the night of the following day. Tbe morning found them in a state of apathy; but they roused themselves to pursue their journey, and at nightfall they reached the haystack where they had had tbc-ir only sleep. The iog was still alive, but unable to rise, and was a mere skeleton. The desire of life once more revived in their breasts, and they ate with ravenous appetite fi large quantity of the inner bark of a species of elm. This Boon produced delirium, and they lay down among the. hay in the. greatest mental agony. By daylight the next morning they were tetter, and w-ald have risen; but recollecting that their materials for making a fire were exhausted, they resolved to roll themselves up in the hay again and await the hoar of death. Scarcely had thia resolution been formed, when they heard the sound of a cow-bell, coming apparently from the opposite side of the river. The sonnd of a cowbell, they knew, was a aertain eigz of a human habitation at no great distanoe: they therefore arose at onoe, as if gifted with new energy, and soon perceived a log house, as if recently e'reoted; but no sign of inhabitant. They could hardly believe their eye?, thinking the log- house might be, after all, a creature of their imagination, disordered by long abstinence. At length, convinced of its reality, tbey began to search for means to ford the river, which turned out to be the Sauble. Finding a crossing-plaoe, they were not long £n reaching the opposite shore, where Jthey were met by a white man and two Indians, : who took them to the house of a man named ; Townsend, who was well-known to them, and; from whom they received every mark of kindness their forlorn condition required. _ The ringing of the cow-bell, was a happy eiroumetance lor them. The river flowed into Lake Huron at a point one hundred miles from any. settlement, and they were only: thirty miles from the lake when, meeting with the swamp, they had inadvertently bent their irieps bade Into the woods along their owu track. Townsend's log-hut was fifty miles from tVi; homo, and bad only recently been ereotcd near a ealt spring he had discovered some time before. Mrs. Townsend attended to the frozen feet of Nowlan ; and after they had rested and sufficiently recovered strength, they started for their own settlement by the aid ot a blazed lice—bark taken from trees with an axe by a previous traveller—and on ChristmaB eve, thirteen days after they had left tbem, they had onoe more the happiness of entering their own homes afid enjoying the comforts of their own firesides. 