vODLI5RED DAILY FRIDAY, FRB lUARY'19, 1886. IT is always interesting, and in moat cases of service to us, to be allowed to see ourselves as others oee cia. And this Ia nioro Fparticularly thie case when tho.pre. sentation of our lotffion' and prospects is made by those -whose. judgment and knowledge entitle.,them,to respect. The opinions, and advicea'of the "candid "friend" ior pri5veiialljly looked upon as the reverse of agreeable, and when th'by assume the form of adersen 'oriticiam, veiled under a show of disintereatedneia, they become doubly diffieult ;to endure, though even then they are often salutary in their effects in spite of their litterness.' On 'very' high 'autliority indeed, wounds inflicted -by such hands are stated to ¢o anything but hurtful, ahd if this be the careeithe contimnts that are favourable, and the approbation that is encouraging, must be all the'mire worthy 'f regord. In a lecture on Australasia, lately do. livered by Mr. AnthonyEorster, formerly a well-known journalist of South Aus trelic, reported In fuelitethe Mfanchcoter asiania,-L ho gives his unbiassed opinion in regard to thieiportioizof her Majesty's dominions. His remarks are singularly comprehensive in their scopo, and hisl generalisations fair and accurate. Among the general feeling of dis couragement which, owing to untoward circumstances, prevails in most of the colonies of the Australasian group, it is truly refreshing to. read the lecturer's recapittilatioi of the natural advantages to the "mashes offered by these southern. . lands, and to mark his robust :'faith in their future prosperity. Referring to the wave of do. pression at present passing over the colonies, he remarks that but for the existenceof a similar- state of things in Europe, and Indeed all over the world we should regard it as one of the little clouds which will speedily vanish. His enumeration of thieundevelopod stores of wealth is calculated alike to reassure the timid colonist and confirm the confidence of the capitalists who. have already in vested in Australian securities. Alluding to the deposits of gold, ailver, tin,coppor, and coal that have already been dis cjvered, he says :-"Indeed Australasia seems to be a vast mining field, the richest and most extensive on the face of the globe, and it needs only. a remunera tive demand for its various products to enable it to accedo to all the demands for labour thatcan'be made. It is only now in' the' dawn of its progress with coin. parativelyrudo hpiliances and unskilled hands. With the certain indications of vast treasures 'still to be exhumed from the. earth, what may not be expected when greater knowledge, greater power, and, greater experiencq are brought to bear upon the work of the geologiest and the miner?" Describing the other nume rous sources of our colonial wealth, he spoke with a fullness of detail that showed the pains he had taken to keep himself Informed of the progress of the country he some time since claimed as his home. Avoiding dry and tiring statistics as much as possible, he, nevertho less, grouped the 'salient facts in an attractive way, and drew attention to the .deductiocis that may fairly be drawn from them. Throughout the whole of his lecture the strong conviction he holds of the importance of the Austral asian colonies is remarkably apparent,and he plainly evidences his faith in their growthland future greatness. Some of the factehes adduced, though not now to \- those who 'are sacquainted with these colonies, were 'o placed, before his audience that they can hardly fail-to produce ais almost startling effect on his English hearers. Thus, for instance, he states that' the value of the gold pro. duced in .Australasia during the thirty years which ended in 1881 was upwards of £2915,000,000. Referring to the pas toral interest, he estimates the present value of .the sheep and cattle depastured in the colonies at £120,000,000, and' the gross incomes of the persons engaged in pastoral pursuits at £25,000,000 per annum. He expatiates on the high quality of our cereals, mentions the ex cellence of our hops, and takes ocicesion to indicate the vast extent to which other at present little cared for indus tries may in time develop. He told his I audience that all 'the colonies of the Australian island-continent are admirablyI suited to the culture of the vine, and the manufacture of wine, which is jest now beginning to 'take hold of ties English palate and' to compote with similar pro. ducts from the south of France aiid the heavier Spanish aind Portunguese 'waiens. He comnoiders Tasmoamia possesses resources which if "opened up would enable it to heceme " a vast orchard and an over Seowing graiiary." Mr. Forster's remarks will ssrve a good purpose by directing attention .to these- lande, at the same time stimulating theous already leers to greater enterprise. 'Not by any mueans the least interesting and importanit 'part of the lecture, to Ithese colonies ~at all events, is that in whieh he deals with Australasia as a field for the empleyment of capital aned energy. Closely connected wite the question is the one of emigratios, and both subjects are handled in a preetical Sand business- like manner. Politicians lie th'e various coloinies see fond of assorting that their land systems do not encourage eettlemsnt. Mr. Forsier takes a memch sounder view, and, moreover, shows the -absurdity of the' opinion far tee prevalent in the mother ceuntry, that~it is too late for thoee cramped at home to find scope \- for their energies in the colonies. He told his hearers " the population would Srequire to be multiplied nearly a hun \- deed-fold before Aunstealasis is as densely populated as Europe. Opporlunities are s till plentif~ul enoughe foe all persons who I have capital to employ, and intelligence onougho to make ties most of their Senergy and strong eight arms. At the I sums time he points out that indincrimi. f nate emigeation Is a mistake. Asustralasia aIs no place for the superfluous population c of W~hitechapol, or the scousrings of a Seven Dials anud such coiugested centres of popolation, consisting mostly of persons .totally unsuited to colonial life. These are .some of the slhrewd rmemrks in which Mr. Foreter replied to the questions fre rquently asked him by people looking uout Sfor new homes for themselves and their families. .Tlhere can be no doubt thab'hil vieb of the situation is a just and acour ate one. In his closing remarks the lecturer gave full rein to his, fancy, and. his ,glowing langiuage,:. while it fully showed the strength of his attachment to the colonies, afforded ample evidence of his rhetorical skill. "Every colonist," he saide ' wwho hm.faith in the colonies believes that th'e time wi!l come when they will dovlop a prosperily and a cul t io auchkastho world has not seeon, and -indulges in hopes and visions at whichl sober persons whose ideas have not been stimulated by the bright southern slap uany perhaps laugh. He sees through the vista of the future croeds of happyj people wamilkinlg in gladnere and in plean teous prosperity under the shadow of new temples of knowledge and religion, anil fair maidens, perhaps with monre delicate ,types of beauty than now prevail, singing their national songs at sunrise to thie harp of some Austral Mlemnon, or trip 'Ping with free and joyous steps through the halls of their marble palaces., Thiadis romance now ; it owill be, history herb. after'." 'We thank the lecturer for his cheering assurances, which just now are peculiarly, welcome, and cannot but sharb' his expressed regret thlat"t his advanced time of life there is little prospect of his return to thehland which holds so high a place in his regard. It is by such men as the eloquent lecturer that the cradle of the infant empire of Australaaia is being rooked, and lihe may well feel a'sentiment of pride at having in his day assisted in fulfilling the great destiny of tho su ely southern lands. TEn POLITICAL SIT?ATION.-A fresh hitch has' apparently taken place in the political situation, and matters seem "hung up" for the present. From our Hobart correspondent we learn that Dr. Agnew makes no certain sign, but is .be lieved to be not altogether inclined to join the team whose names have recently been mentioned, and from a reliable source we learn that Mr. Braddon has declared the statements hitherto made to be mere rumours at ipresent. Our Hobart cor respondent telegraphed last evening that everything is quiet, and no further negotiations have been en tered upon, and that "Mdr. Dodds says he does not anticipate any difficulty in the work of reconstruction, but at present that work has hardly been entered upon." Mn. i. T.. . BooTH.-We recently men tioned that Mr. It. T. Booth, the well mnown temperance lecturer, was about to re-visit Tasmania. He will arrive from Melbourne with Mrs. Booth to-day, and proceed to the capital, where he is to deliver a course of lectures under the auspices of the Tasmanian Temperance Alliance, commencing on Sunday next. PArTTrSONIA.-A correspondent writes : -"The Wesleyan Chapel here having just been lined with tongued and grooved pine boards,it was determined by the friends to celebrate the event and meet the expense by special Sunday services and a tea meeting. Accordingly the Rev. J. Leslio, from Scottsdale, was invited to preach on Sunday, the 14th inst., at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. The services were well attended. On the following day the tea-meeting was hold, and was well patronised. Mesdames Millwood, Cartledge, Peck, and others attended to the wants of those who came from far and near. Yet so copious was the supply that abundance remained after all were satisfied. As the tea was late to suit those completing their harvesting, the public meeting was necessarily very late in beginning and closing-yet all remained to the last. Mr. M'Arthur was called to the chair, and in his opening remarks dwelt on the great value Mr. Thomason had been to the district, and Pattersonia in par ticular, and expressed the great regret that was generally felt at his retirement. The Kov. J. Leslie complimented the friends on thie mprovdd appearance of the church, anndin an intercsting speech urged them to make further progress both generally and spiritually. Mr. Thoemason detailed the history of the mission, and expressed his, acknowledgments for the help he had received from many friends. Recitations were given by several of tihe Sunday-school scholars, and a song by Miss Saggers. Selections from Sankey's songs were ren dered at intervals, and Mrs. Cartledge acted as organist and leader of the choir. The meeting was most successful, and the financial returns of the effort were re garded, as satisfactory. ELECTORAL LAw.-In our advertising columns Messrs J. Walch and Sons announce that they are about to publish "The law relating to Parliamentary elections in Tasmania, by N. E. Lewis, barrister-at-law." It will be a crown octavo, bound in cloth limp, land the table of contents indicates that it will treat on all matters likely to arise in connection with elections, and by a gentleman who, we are glad to learn, has already achieved a reputation that should make his present effort a useful guide to candidates, returning ofilcers, magistrates, and electors. Tine little book is opportune and will meet a want that will be increasingly felt as the now Electoral Act comes into more practical operation. LAUNCESTeo BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Launceston Benevolent Society (adjourned from Wednesday) was held at the Town Hall yesterday. Presentn: I -Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (chairman), G. Babington, J. Stephenson, W. R. Barwood. SJ. Tulloch, A. W. Birchall, T. HI. Urquhart, B. P. Farrelly, I. Tyson,J. Ellis, and the Secretary. The weekly relief roll was called over, and minutes of previous meet ing read and confirmed. Twoappheations fromni men receiving relief for increase of rations were refused, and an application from a man for a supply of wood. A week's notice of discontinuance was ordered to be given to a woman and three children on tithe roll, the father having been dischalrged from gaol and being able to work. An old man awaiting admission to the Invalid Depotm was afforded temporary relief. The Chairman reported having dealt with a Scase of urgency, having obtained an order for admission to the Hospital of a widow, living alone, who was so bad that when the secretary called on her she crawled on her hands and knees to open the door; With regard to a case mentioned at last meeting the Chairman reported receipt of a reply from the Administrator of Charitable Grant?s, stating the Police Magistrate had l been authorised to pay the woman 78 6d a 1 week (an advance of 2s Gd) for three months. Since then the boy had been taken to thie Levon, so that she could now I get on better. In reply to Mr. Birchall, the Chairman said the step-grandmother did not like parting with the girl, who is deaf and dumb, and seven years old, and the girl's mother had been taken charge of by a residentin the Straits. The girl was being taught the deaf and dumb alphabet at the Infant School, and he would ank Canon Brownrigg to use his influence with t those interested to obtain permission to send the girl to the Sydney Deaf and Dumb Asylum. It was decided to hold the annual a meeting at the Town Hall at 730p.m. on Friday, 26th inst., that the Mayor be asked to preside, and clergymen of the town re quested to notify the meeting in their churches on Sunday, and favour with their presence at the meeting. This concluded the business. PoMOENADE CONCERnT. - The pleasant promenade in the Depot Grounds on the a occasion of the bi-weekly band concerts is becoming more appreciated by the public as the season advances. Last evening the calm and warm weather induced a very large number to patronise the concert given by the City Band, who were as usual under the guidance of their conductor, Mr. A. Wallace. The various pieces on the programme wcroe excellently rendered;and it was especially a treat to listen to tihe exquisite music as the band played the first two and the fourth items. The pro a grammo we give in detailas follows: " Golden Medal," overture; " Girofle Girola," selection; "Dio Hydropaton," valse ; grand contest piece from Itossini's "HIosec "; "Trovatore," selection; "Semi ramide," overture; National Anthem, T.T. CLUDn-A. sdeetilig of the Committee of the TaemanianuTisrf Club; was held at the Criterion Hoteljyesterday; Preseint Messrs. G. Gibson (chairman), H. C: Hallowes, B. P.,Farrlly, J. B. Currasn, A. J. Sadler, H. " Walk er, ind \BVWfit-, fold. Minutes of previous meetinig were read and confirmed. An apology for non- - attendance on account of ill-health was read from Mr. C. Youl. A letter was read from Mr. H. C. Chalmers, secretary to the beloraine Turf Club, asking the T.T.C. not to race on Easter Monday, as it would interfere with the Deloraine Club, but after discussion it was decided that the Autumn Meeting.must be hold. on Beaster Monday, and that Mr. Chalmeroheadvised to that effect. Messrs. H. R. Falkiner, R. J. Sadler, and the secretary were ojpointeda toubrtofilittee to irepore a programme for the Autumn Meet. Mr. B. Goldsmith, scretary pro lent of the newly formed Mousnt Biseholl Turf Club, wrote oaking for copies of the T.T.C. rules, which were ordered to be forwarded. Mr. H. Woolford, of North Adelaide, wrote soliciting anorder to supply totalisators to the club; and a letter was read from Mr. T. Haydon, secretary to the bookmakers' meeting, expressing that club's regret at. having to postpone its meeting, but that it had no optioni, the coure being too wet to race upon. Mr. Jas. Hamilton forwarded his resignation ass secretary, thanking the. Committee for their courtesy and hearty co-operation at all times in assisting him to carry out his dutties: The reeignation was received with regret, a lettoy fo that effect to'be sut' to Md".Hainiltoel whom it was resolved-be eleeted a life member of the T. T. Club. Mr. J. B. Curran wastlhen appointed secretary. In consequence of the proldonged absehce of Mr. J. A. Ferguson in Victoria, and probable resi dence there, the, office of hon. treasurer held by him was declared vacant, and Mr. If. J. Sadler was elected hon. treasurer. This concluded the business. Fine BsIoADEn;-Tle members of the Launceston Fire Brigade have for some time past been practicing in order to in crease their speed in carrying out their duties. Testerday afteonoon they made some smart work opposite the Invalid Depot Grounds, when a single squad of the Brigade ran 100yde., unshipped the hose, fixed the stand- pipes, and attached two hose, getting two streams of water in play in 88sec. WESTuisr COURT or APPEAL.-.A Court was to have been held at Westbury on Monday last to hear appeals against the assessment roll for that district. There were not, however, sufficient magistrates in attendance, and the Court was adjourned until Monday next. Mae. MAST LEAVITT.-This lady advo cate of gospel temperancet who comes accredited from the Women's Christian Temperance Union of America, will arrive here from Melbourne by the Pateena to-day. Preliminary arrangements have already been made by the United Tem perance Conference, and on Sunday next dirs. Leavitt will deliver three lectures at the Mechanics' Institute. In the morning at 11 o'clock the subject will be " The Body, the Temple of the Holy Ghost." At i p.m. an address will be delivered specially to young ladies, and in the even ing at 8.30 the final address, entitled " God in Government," will be delivered. Souse interesting lectures will be delivered during the week in different 'arts of the town. A MoVE IN THE Unouw DIRECTION. A correspondent writes:-The residents of Hagley, especially in Scott's-lane, will be glad to hear that a loading platform is to be erected at once by the L. and W. Rail way authorities, - for the convenience- of residents in that locality. Mr. Dowling was up and met some of the residents tl e other day, and marked out the site. WAcsunouos CAoEo.-Agnes Hunt, a woman of ill repute, was lodged in the watchhouse last evening by Constables 1 O'eefe and Pilling, charged with stealing a half-sovereign from a man named Walter Horsey in a brothel in George-street. The accused will be brought before the Bench l this morning. Oun FouxoAc CoUrNeCn PoRnTAIn:. A gentleman well qualified to judge thus writes :-Allow me to congratulate you on \- the faithful lithographs of the members of the Federal Council. They are speaking likenesses of the members. I received one from your southern contemporary, but the Tasmanian Premier looks like as if he wero connected with someundertaker's establish nment, and was soliciting the Bervice of several individuals to enter into some arrangement as chief mourners, when at the grave of some extinguished dis- tinguished person who was to be Berryed. SwEAIsNo IN or Mn. BBADLAUGH.-The Post's London cable special says: " Bradlaugh's swearing in passed ofi without a scene, though with amusing incidents. He seized one of the Testa ments as soon as they were brought to him, and proceeded to swear himself in. He remained jammed in the crowd of members for an hour. It was an amusing sight, as lhe was getting redder, and clasp- ing the gorgeously bound Testament to his breast. Sir Erskine May made him swear again, and carefully scrutinised his boisterous kiss. It is understood that his appeal before the House of Lords will now be hastened. If the verdict is against him, the Government will prosecute him for sitting and voting; if in his favour, the disgraceful struggle will be over." 6 STUNo nY A FIen.-The Kiama Reporter of 15th inst. states that a party of young men determined to capture fish known to exist in a certain pond of the Jerrara Creek, New South Wales, not far from the residence of Mr. Allan M'Lean, one of the party being Mr. G. C. James. When it haul was being made Mr. James, as cap tain, was barefooted, and, with trousers turned up, waded the creek for the purpose of keeping the lead line to the bottom and securing the fish, when he stepped on a fish locally known as a -'bulroid" or '"devil fish," about thsree and a lhalf inches long, within the meehes of the net. He said at once he was poisoned. Another person taking Isis place, hso lay down in great pain on the bank of thse creek, and shortly afterwards was bereft of his senses. Dr. Lacey was sent for, and in the meisutiumo Mr. James was removed to dMr. M'Lcan's, and spirite were applied internally tend externally. Dr. Lt-cey injected usorphila with ether remedies, and it was some hones before the patient gained consciousness; but, the danger post, he returned home. Te TEIxIen soN AoeasCA.--Some very re Smarkable fSgurco,bhsowiug the amount sent rby Iriash Americana to thoeir friends istisome Sfor various puepoes, political and other Swise, are given by the Philadelphia corre rspondent of the Times.o Converting dollars Sinto English money, we find that about I £34,000 has been raised for Mr. Paruell's YParliamentary Fond. But the mousy sent Sby Irish servant girls and other immigrante I of the labouring elmsses to help their 0 relatives to continue the struggle for aexistence in their nativd land, or to 2emigrate, amounte to a much larger sum. rIt is calculated, from statemente made by SRoman Catholic prelates, hankers, and r othsers, that not jless than £08,000,000 in Sannually sent over from America to Ireland Sin small drafts. Rememona TuneIf- yOu are sick, Hop aBitters wvill surely aid naturo in mabing 6you wvell when all else fails. If you are Scostive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from Sany other of thse numerous diocoses of thse stomach or bowels, it is yeour own fault if you remain .ill, for Hop 1 Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such Scomplainto. If you isre wasting away with any forte of kidney disease, step tempting deeth, thsin moment, and turn for a cure to r Hop Bitters. If you are nervous, use of rHoBitters If you r fyequentor or a resident of a miasmati district, barricade your system against thts scourge of all t eountries-malarial, epidemic, bilious, and 0 intersaittent fevers-by the uss of aAmerican Co.'s Hop Bitters. If you have 0 roughs, pimply, or sallow skino bad breath, 0 pisins and aches, and feel miserable gene V rally, Hog Bitters will give you fair skin, Srich blood- and swoveetst breath and health. .1 That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister, .mother, er daughter, can bs made the 0 pictusre of hecalth by American Co.'s 1Mop 4l hitters, costing lint a trifle. Will you let 0 them suffer ? In short, thtey curs all e diseases of the stomach, bowels, blood, \- liver, nerves, kidneys, Brighot's disease. \- £100 wlill be paid for a cane; hey will not 5estere or help. Dreuggiats and chemists keep. None genuine without a lousnch of green ahope on white label, and Dr. Senile's name hinlown in bottle. Shun all others as vile, poisonouss stuff. ,o?oir: AIZILwn AY?- -. corresponden t unider the signature " One of the Depute. tion (' calls attention to an error in his letter'Which appearedin our issue of 16th idst. The sentence in question should -hayo read thps:--" IMr. Braddon explained to thd meeting that as the Ministerad. -nitted all that he (Mr. Braddon) had ever staeod,- it became a question only of whether Mr. Brown's (not Braddon's promise could be called a guarantee, a0 as Mr. Brown said it could not, he (lir Braddon) was obliged to accept that state. mont." CucKoo SsoKE CONcEnT.-This evening theo Cuckoo- Club- hold- their first smoke coice3th in the Cornwall Assiembly-rooms Cameron-street. Some excellent musical selections will be rendered, and the coit eilenenF will not be wantingf to male the evening an additional success. MYn SIPuRGENo AND MR. STE?i, During his incarceration at Christrma time, Mr. Stead received loarge number of letters from Iis 'friends, Cardinal Manning and the Rev. C. H. Spur. geon being among the number. The following is a passago from' the letter sidht by Mr. Spurgeon, who, by the way,is already much better for his stay in the south of France:--Rest assured that your mobtive and:zeil have secured for you the high esteem of all lovers of purity. When. ever observations are made upon the mode of your operations they only imply thatyou are liable to error like all. your fellowns but. when your self-sacrificing spiritis thought of it is with glowing admiration. You cast yourself into the abyss to rescue and to preserve innoccht children, and you are had in honour among the honourable. At the same time as you made hideous crime somewhat inconvenient, and threat cried to remove some of the screens vhich give immunity to vice, you are thoroughly hated among those to whom life means bestial licentiousnbss. You can rejoic that you have thus a double homage paid you, for contempt and hate dre the obesianoy which iniquity renders to its vanquisher. Be of good cheer. In you retirement you will be able to buckle on your armour with supreme care, andsacred vigil, for the future fray in which le shall see you the equally stalwart and still more skilful champion. I wish joy to your heart and power to y$our arm.-Yours very heartily, C. II. Sruneone. Mentone, Dec. 24. PAYING Fon Te. WaVRNG SITII.--A somewhat amusing circumstance in conneco tion with the patronymic Smith happened a few days ago in Melbourne. Twofriends, one of whom rejoices under the unussial cognomen referred to, whilst under the in. fluence of liquor were walking togetheron Soldiers' Hill, when Smith by his conduct rendered him liable to a serious penalty. A policeman appeared on the scene, and the friend fled. On the latter returning he found that the guardian of the peace and his comrade had both disappeared. Next day he enquired of the police ifa man named Smith had been fined for diunkenness. He was answered in the affirmative, and at once paid the fine in flicted, and secured the release of the un fortunate. A short while afterwards lie returned to the lock-up with his Smith, saying he had paid for the wrong man, as his friend had not been incarcerated at all. The other Smith had gone, however, and I the only satisfaction the generous friend 3 had was the advice of the watchhoese keeper to enquire as to the Christian name of any Smith lie might desire to re lease in future. 3 Inris LOYAL As-D PATRIOTIC UNION. SHitherto (says Tic' Times) nothing but Selectioneering work has been done by the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union, and Ulster has been outside the scope of its I operations, but in the future the association will be the centro of all loyalist efforts in 6 Ireland, and will operate in four provinces. 3 The platform will be so broad that men of 5 all creeds and parties can join, and a : stronger effort than ever will be put forth to maintain the Union in its integrity. 3 Among the objects to be immediately dealt 1 with will be the establishment of central offices in Dublin and London, and the organisation in all its details of the entire s Unionist forces. A guarantee fund has been opened, and already the proposal for f such future action has received a large measure of support. The undertaking pro. Smises to be most successful, as the approach. 3 ing crisis has drawn together men of all 3 parties, who, while being prepared to take \- up a reasonable position towards any con. F stitutional changes which do not disinteg. 3 rate the Empire, will maintain a de t termined and united front in opposing measures which can only lead up to a total separation. A COMMITTEE meeting of those intel sated in the Brauxholm lRaces will be held atthe Branxholm Hotel on the 23rd inst., at 8 p.m., for the consideration of programme, etc. THE annual meeting of the Northern Horticultural Society will be held in the Mechanics' Institute this evening at eight o'clock. A LECTURE will be delivered this evening in the Town Hall, lingarooma, by Pro fessor A. G. Clampett, of Sydney, on "Physical Culture." NOmINATIONS for the fly from Snake Banks, under the auspices of the Launces ton Homing Pigeon Society, close this evening with the hen. secretary. HIGrHwAY ROnBBERY ALMosT, to sell the poisonous, d:lnmken, purging stuff as medicine to honest men, innocent women, and harmless children, to weaken and do a stroy their systems and health, when pure, harmless Hop Bitters can be had that cures always and continually at a trifling d cost. Ask druggists or physicians. Read FooD Fon CONSUMP'TIVES.-:Cott's Emulsion of Pure Cod Liver Oil with e Hypophosphites of Lime and Soda is a 1 most wonderful food for the consumptive. h It not only gives strength and increases the 1 flesh, but heals the irritation of the throat , and lungs. It is very palatable; children take it like milk, and in all wasting dis Scases both for adults and children it is a a marvellous food and medicine. Any Schemist can supply it at 5s. Wholesale by L. F~nRTcouNE & Soe, St John-street, SLaunceston. s, HolrouAcY's OINTsIENT AND PILLS.c - 1 Female Complaints.-On the mothers of a Australasia devolves much and serious rc a sponsibility in securing for their daughters ; robust healtlh, frequently, alas ! thought lessly sacrificed by culpable bashfulness at a particular period of life, when all im 6 portant changes t.ke place in the female e constitution, upon the management of \- which depends future happidess or misery. \- Holloway's Pills, especially if aided with a the Ointment, lhavelthe happiest effect in b establishing those functions, upon the due a performance of which health and even life t itself depend. Mother and daughter may s safely use these powerful deobstruent re r medies without consulting anyone. Uni versallyadopted as the one grand remedy Sfor female complaints, thlese Pills never . fail, never weaken the system, and always Sbring about the desired rcsult.--(Advt.) STHE MEBaOsNTILE AssOCIATION roe s PeOTECTION OF TRADE issues a weekly cir eoular, showing Bills of Sale registered, Supreme Court and Court of Reqeuest Judgments, Bankruptey Intelligence, and I other valuable information. Subscription, ys Gd per quarter, or £1 Is per annumin advance (per post, 4s 4d per annum extra) SSubscribers' names received by S. FIE?tn Sat the office of the Association, Oddfellows ? Buildings, St. John-street. Launccston. 