ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1888. CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENT. IN ono State on the Australian continent, Gontitutional Government has not yet been tried, and apparently there is no immediate prospect of any experiment in this direction being made. Western Australia is still blessed, or cursed-¡tis difficult to say which-.with a mongrel system of administration, in which the nation has hardly any voice, and in their calm, unruffled ignorance of what may be achieved under a Liberal system, the people of that colony have appar- ently little desire for a change. Once a year a motion in favour of responsible government is introduced, and once every twelve months the same motion is rejected, with as little excitement as, if it were a dog-tax. Western Australia is the Rip Van Winkle of this con- tinent, a combination of Sleepy Hollow and One-Horsc Gulch, the place above all others for a philosopher, or a hypo- chondriac, or a mummy to vegetate through his stuffed and embalmed exis- tence ; but in point of enterprise it is nowhere in comparison 'with its neigh- bours. Questions which, in Queens- land or New South Wales, would shake society to its foundations, are disposed of there in an hour's debate. The colonists of the west are of the same race as their brethren in the east, but yet their desire for freedom of government seems about os languid as that of the Chinaman for a republic, or the African for any kind of civilisation beyond a red umbrella and a paper collar. The system of government in Western Australia is primitive in its simplicity, The share of the colonists in the control of public affairs consists in the election of sixteen out of the four-and- twenty members, who make up the Legislative Council ; the remaining eight are, of course, nominated by the Governor. It has never yet happened, however, that thirteen patriotic men have been re- turned among the sixteen representatives of the people, so as to give the colonists the control, even for a moment, of the national destinies. Five votes, in addition to those of the nominated members, aro all that are wanted to secure a government majority, and these five are always obtainable. The finances, when Parliament is out of session, are under the control of a committee, which is completely irresponsible, and the House has only the privilege of dealing with such sums as this body has not previously hypothecated a privilege which is growing ever of less value, for the little bill1 which the Committee puts in, is assum- ing more and more imposing dimensions with each succeeding year. Lastly, the Executive Council, a purely official body, supervises the running of the whole machine, and it will be seen that self government hardly exists even in name in Western Australia. These, and a multitude of other facts, were brought forward by Mr. Venn, the apostle of responsible government, when his motion came on a few weeks ago, but despite the ability with which he handled the subject, and the great importance of the question involved, the debate that ensued was of thc feeblest character. Dr. Scott and Captain Faw- cett supported the motion ; Mr, Crowther said he failed to understand what all the fuss was about ; Mr. Lay- man was inaudible, but was understood to say he would see somebody "Wowed;" Mr. Parker thought there was so little intelligence, and so much cubic ignorance in the colony, that people did not know a good newspaper from a bad one-a point that seemed rather irrevelant to the matter under discussion; and, finally, Mr. Marmion rose to say that the Chinese must go. After these brief observations, a vote was taken, and re- form was, as usual, indefinitely post- poned. The comments, which this languid debate on a great question has aroused 1 in the southern Press, seem, strangely ¡ enough, to have strengthened rather than weakened the old regime. The journalists, whose mission it is to be voices in the western wilderness, have grown indignant at the contempt with ! which their despotic Government and servile Parliament are treated, and more than one of those who were for-1 merly regarded as leaning to the cause of liberty, are now asking what the other Australian states have gained by their liberal institutions-except the opportunity to take a short cut to ruin. New South Wales, ac- cording to one of these scribes, would gain a good deal by the estab- lishment of a healthy despotism, for a time at all events, with a Sultan to run the whole government on his own account, and just a sufficient course of Bulgarian or similar atrocities to wipe out the present race of legislators ; and even Queensland, in his opinion, might gain a good deal, and lose very little, by a similar course of treatment. Western Australia, on the other hand, is free from the troubles and brawls, the stone- walling and skirmishing, and Shimei-like cursing, which make up so large an amount of thc parliamentary history of thc eastern colonies, and the Council at Perth is a grave and statesmanlike con- clave, which does not periodically resolve itself into a committee of lunatics, with an asylum in the chair, after the fashion of some of the legislatures of Austra- lasia. Moreover, he proceeded to point out, the Colony had prospered well under its nominee oligarchy, and so un- doubtedly it has, barring the facts that its vost territory is almost empty ; that its budget is almost nil, and shows very little sign of increase; that its trade is of the smallest ; and that it possesses only the ghost of a public works policy-not from lack of the will to borrow, but from sheer want of I credit. Western Australia, however, seems well content with itself, in spite of all these drawbacks, and the idea thata free and enlightened Government might find out and remove the causes of fifty years of dreary stagnation, does not appear to haye taken any hold on the public mind. At thc present moment, thanks chiefly to outside influences, an era of temporary prosperity has dawned, and the friends of Conservatism blandly point to this as the result of their policy ; but a sudden spurt of activity, based on a laud-grant railway through a desert into a wilderness, is but a feeble argument at the best. In another twelve months the question of responsible government is likely again to be brought forward, though there seems little more chance of its success in the future than in the past. Mr. Venn's motion, like thc Laureate's brook, goes on for ever, and its best chance of ultimate success, probably, rests with thc Separation party which is springing up. The members of this faction demand that the empty waste of the north shall be freed from the yoke imposed by the grpat howling desolation of the south, and their votes, if thrown in with those of the constitutional party, may carry the day. Tho Separation movement itself is hardly worthy of notice. If it should prove successful, it will divide the colony into two vast provinces-the | one possessing the population of a fifth rate English town, the other that of a tenth-rate English suburb ; and when 1 both are started on their new career, with a Governor and a Cabinet apiece, they are likely soon to efface themselves entirely by the simple process of being governed too much. Tim report that Germany has hoisted hor flag in Patagonia suggests the idea that some- body is going mad. The report may possibly be contradicted, as such reports generally are> but there can hardly be a doubt that it wil ultimately prove true. The craze for ac- quiring stray deserts, and all sorts of mis- cellaneous desolations, has taken a strong hold upon the sour krout tribes of the classic Rhine, and wherever the lonely nigger BtalkB through a primeval wilderness, there the Teuton gocB to hoist the banner of the Fatherland. How many colonies the Kaiser has acquired no one can tell, for the work of annexation has been pushed on with super- human enerby. But we know that half the Western Pacific islands are nominally German soil, that a dozen kingdoms have been wiped off the map of Africa to enlarge the Emperor William's dominions, and now an effort is being made to extend his territories in America also. The appropriation of Pata j goiiia, however, is a more than usually high hauded proceeding, even for a German Chan- cellor. That dreary sea of grass is already ' divided between two civilised countries Chili and La Plata-and they will probably bc inclined to protest, in no measured terms, against the policy which thus plants a power I ful enemy at their doors. The great object of the two Republics in annexing the territory in question was to prevent it falling into ! dangerous hands, for its value to them hos been almost nil. Both have land in plenty, aud, until a great increase takes place in their population, neither is likely to send out colonists beyond her own borders. For this reason the Patagonian savage has hitherto been left in peace, and has continued to live the life of an unshaven Ishmael, and to prod his enemy with his treacherous spear as of old. There is nothing about him which leads hiB neighbours to desire his closer ac I quaintance. He is merely a long, dirty, slop built savage, with the skull and the instincts of the ancient Carib ; and when the time comos for a civilised race to occupy bis lands, he mußt go-no matter where-as many other barbarians of the same irreclaimable type have gone before him. But, in spite of their neglect, Chili and La Plata have undoubtedly a prior mortgage over this uninviting heathen -a mortgage which is quite as good as that held by Germany over New Guinea, and the Catholic clergy of Chili have, at least, done their best to ful61 their duties to Patagonia, by sending missionaries out to labour in that stony department of the Christian vineyard. Whether the two Republics will consider the territory worth a quarrel, remains to bc seen, but the Chilians, at all events, are a formid- able, hard-fighting race, whose prowess has hitherto been much underrated, and if they Bhould contest the point by force of »rms, the result may be Bomething altogether unex- pected. Germany herself recently collapsed in a dispute with Spain, and refused to tempt Fortune by maintaining her claims on the Caroliues, and yet Spain, the victor over Bismarck, has more than once gone undermost in a struggle with Chili. It is just possible, therefore, that the Germans, in so remote a field, would meet with rougher treatment than they expect at the hands of the warlike South Americans. As for the lunky native of the Boil, his chance is a bad one all round. If the Chilians ultimately colonise Patagonia, he will bc wiped out, and the present will con- sole his dying moments, and see bim shoved decently underground ; if the Germans occupy the soil, be will be shoved underground all the same, but without any ghostly comfort worth speaking of ; and if Germans, Chilians, and Argentines fight for his native land, he will co amid the strife where many good niggers have gone, and no one one will have time even to bury him. As to-day is a public holiday, the office of ' The Morning Bulletin and Gapricornian will be closed from 10 a.m. till 7 p.m. THERE was a fair muster of the Naval Artillery last night at the Drill Shed. Lieu- tenant Baxter WBB present. Warrant Officer Quick instructed the men in cutlass exercise for over an hour. SUB-LIEUTENANT HILL, of the Naval Bri- gade, is iu receipt of an official letter from Commander Wright, R.N., Seuior Naval Officer of thc Queensland Naval Defence Force, conveying c result of the examination of the officers of our naval companies for commis- sions. It shows the results were very satis- factory, five out of the six who presented themselves liaviug passed with credit. A LA1WELY attended meeting o! the Younp Men's Improvement Society was held in the Oddfcllnws' Hall Inst evening. The President was in tlic chair. After the general routine business had been gone through, a discussion took place on " Cremation-Ia it desirable or not?" After a lively discussion thc vote was taken, and it showed a majority were in favour of cremation. In the course of tue proctf.limjs mention was made that thc con- cert helft on the 10th instant was a success both financially and otherwise, and had re- sulted in a net profit of over £10. ON Saturday afternoon a nasty accident happened to a young man named Sullivan, an employe in Mr. T. W. Whitehouse's orated water and ice factory. He was passing the bottling machine, which was at work, when a bottle burst. The broken gla-s struck bim on the breast, cutting thrungli his coat and shirt, and inflicting a slight wound. A piece struck him on the chin, severing one of the veins. Mr, White- house had bim removed at once to Dr. Thon's. Tlie wound on the chin bled profasely, BO much so, in fact, that the blood was dripping through the cart on to the ground. However, he was sufficiently recovered on Monday morning to go to work. THE weekly practice of the Philharmonic Society was held last evening, and as the members are to assist at a concert in the School of Arts this evening, selections from " Patience " were rehearsed. There was a large attendance, especially of ladies, and the singing of the chorases and solos was very successful. TUE Commissioner for Police has received a telegram from Constable Wade, stationed at BoUcBton, stating that a man named Fre- derick J. Best, when crossing the Rolleston River on horseback on the 10th instant, fell from his horse and was drowned. Up to the present time the body of the unfortunate man had not been found. THE Townsville Chamber of Commerce, at a recent meeting, received a report from a sub-committee appointed to prepare a list of subjects for consideration during the ensuing twelve months, and from this we see it is suggested the Chamber should agitate for thc improvement of the harbour, the for- mation of a harbour trust, the survey of Philp's Passage, the removal ot rocks from. Ross Creek, the transfer of the dredge Platy Sus to Cleveland Bay, thc extension of the [orthern Railway westward of Hughenden, the construction of branch railway lines to Ayr aud the Ayr River, the building of a new Post Office, ¿tc. While on the subject we may mention the Townsville Chamber la advertising for a secretary at a salary of £30 a-year. TUE steamer You Yangs, belonging to Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons, and a regular visitor to tbis port a few years ago, called in at Maryborough yesterday (says thB Chronicle of Saturday) for supplies, more especially for water for the 210 head of cattle with which she left .Rockhampton last Mon- day. She has been lying in the Straits for two days, owing to the heavy weather out- side, and thc delay has camed her to run short of food and water for the cattle. She is under the command of Captain Andrews, and will leave early this day to resume bar voyage. The arrangements on board for the cattle are well worth examining, and, though the cargo is a big one, the cattle seem to have plenty of room, being arranged in three tiers of decking, and fresh air supplied, and the warm air ejected, by machinery. She reports having lost none Biuce she started, and we trust that she will deliver this prime lot in Sydney unharmed. THE meeting of the St. Paul's Sunday School teachers, which was announced to take place to-night, has been postponed for a week. A NOTICE pasted outside the Post Office yesterday states the office will be closed to-day, save for an hour in the forenoon-between nine and ten o'clock. MEMBERS of the Rockhampton Rifle Club are reminded that tho Rifle Butts at North Rockhampton are available for their use from half-past two o'clock this afternoon. RECENTLY a largely attended meeting was held at Toowoomba to take preliminary steps to establish an Auti-Cliinese League, at which it was decided to call a monster meeting to de- bate on thc situation. WE have received from Mr. James M'Clel land, the publisher, a copy of the programme of the regatta to be held to day. It is got up in a handy form style, and contains the infor- mation generally given in such publications. It will be found useful to those interested in the contests. DEAVH by Electricity is marvellously quick, but not nearly so quick as the relief from pain experienced after using Remshard'a Electric Oil, price 2s. 6d. per bottle, of all Storekeepers and Chemists. Wholesale Agents, vaughan aud Co., and ¿ion- and Co. ADVT. ABOUT three o'clock the other morning a constable who was on duty in one ot the mnin Btreets, observed a man conveying a ladder. The supposed thief, seeing the poUoe officer, dropptd Iiis burden and ran. The article is now in the possession of the police, and the owner can obtain it by applying to Sub- inspector Galbraith. IN a paragraph in our iaBt issue, we said the Home for Faiien Women bad been estab- lished by the Rockhampton branch of the Women's Christian Temperance Union. Thia was an error, and it arose from the knowledge that the, Committee were endeavouring to found such an institution. It seems the mem- bers have lately decided not to launch ont in that direction, and the home bas therefore been created on an independent basis, though it ¡B managed by a lady who is a prominent member of the Union. IT ta KO WONDER that so many people sink into untimely graves when we consider how they neglect their health. They have a disordered liver, deranged bowels, constipa- tion, piles, or diseased kidneys, but they let it go and think they " will get over it. It grows worse, other and more serious com- plications follow, and soon it is too late to save them. If such people would take Dr. Bell's Bitters, it would preserve their lives. It acts upon the most important organs, purifying the blood .ind cleansing the system, removes and prevents these disorders, ana promotes health.-ADVT. WE would remind our readers that a grand concert and entertainment will be given in the School of Arts this evening, on behalf of the widows and orphans, of tbe late Messrs. J. Phillips and J. Herbert. The performance hu bees organised by the Fire Brigade, with whioh the deceased were connected.; and before it begins the members of the Brigade wilt parade the town, carrying, torches. The first part of the programme will consist of selec- tions from the opera of " Patience," and the second will embrace recitations, solos, otc The Committee of management have arranged' with a gentleman who bas recently arrived from Melbourne, Herr E. Wallrabe, tojplay a solo On the zither, Messrs. H. Bickle and VV. H. Pummell being unable to give their pro- mised duet on the cornet. IT is a sight to sec Smithfield market when' the piled-up waggons of frozen mutton aro being unloaded, says a London correspondent. The carcases are thrown down on the pave- ment, where they resound like «tones. I have seen so many waggons surrounding the market day after day, that I often wonder how it gets disposed of. Who eats some of it, at ail events, I know very well, for a leg at 6Jd. a lb., braise (not roasted) makes an economical and a delicious dish. I have it pot into an iron pot with a pint of water, herbs,, an eschalot or two, a carrot, and a tumbler of claret, and I let it simmer on the top of the stove for four or five hours. It is then good, either hot or cold. I see that a cargo of over 30,000 frozen carcases of mutton arrived last week, in excellent condition, in the East India DockB. They came from the Falkland Islands, that were only colonised the other day-East Falkland in 1653, and Weet Falk- land in 1861. Yet there are now nearly 6*00,000 sheep on the islands. The ship that brought over such a cargo had to take oat butchers' stevedores, and all the freezing apparatus, for nothing of the kind was on tbe uland. The Melbourne Aye has published some ex- traordinary disclosures with reference to private lying in establishments fin Melbonrne and its suburbs, which are not subjected toaoy medical of police supervision. The Chief Commissioner oi Police has directed a search- ing investigation to be made into the matter. Already the police have ascertained that, there are upwards of 100 of these establish- ments scattered throughout the suburbs, some of them situated in quiet, retired streets, the houses in no case presenting any external evi- dence of the nature of the business carried on within. One place stands in a most insalu- brious quarter, adjacent to a low-lying swamp, the marshy bed of which forms the receptacle for ali the sweepings and scum of a market seed, as well as the dirt and filth deposited by corporation dust carts. In some instance« certificates of death both of women asA infonts have been found, and thc police, who have received instructions to drag all thc par- ticulars to light, believe some revelations of a Startlinie character will be made. It is asserted that many hapless women, in order to hide their shame from the world, and to destroy all evidence of it in the future, find a safe refuge in those places. The matter has even been talked about by medical mi n, some of whom are not afraid to say that every week iu the year newly born children are sent to an untimely grave by persons paid for that purpose. GREAT interest is felt throughout Italy in the condition of a man named Succi, who lives at Forli, in thc Tiomagne, and who asserts that he hafl discovered in thc course of his travels thi'ouch a great part of Africa a sort of liquor extracted from various herbs which has thc effect of "mummifying" the body, so to speak, nod rendering it insensible to any kind of want, such as hunger or thirst ; while it will also admit of a person taking any poison, however violent, without feeling any til effects. A committee of thc inhabitants of Forli has been formed, at his request, to watch thc experiments which be is making upon himself, and several doctors who have examined him have stated that thc case is a very curious one, and that they cannot detect any fraud. Succi takes nothing but four glasses of water a day, sud says that he feels very well. At the request of Professor Pe rossi, of the Bologna Academy of Medicino, be has started for that city, where he pro- poses to go through another course of fasting, and to take poison. 