OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. By the arrival of the mail steamer we are in possession of London papers to March 5, and ex- tracts as follows: On Feb.26 the Queen, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses Prince and Princess Henry of Battenberg, arrived in London, and was present at a performance of Gounod's oratoria, Mors et Vita, at the Albert Hall, Kensington. On Feb, 27 the Queen drove out, attended by the Dowager Duchess of Roxburghe and the Hon. Harriet Phipps. Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Connaught and Strathearne and Princess Margaret and Prince Arthur of Con- naught, attended by Major and the Hon. Mrs. Alfred Egerton, left the Castle for Bagshot. On Feb, 28 the Queen and Royal Family and the members >>f Hor Majesty's Household attt-nded Divine service in the private chapel of the Castle. The Very llev. R. Davidson, Dean of Windsor, assisted by Pu V>rv Rov. C. T Vaughan, D.D., Dean of Lin udatf, and Deputy Clerk of the Closet, officiated. On Mareil 1 Her Royal Highness Princess Cliris tian of Sohl. wig-Holstein visited the Queen. Mrs. Phelps, wife of the Minister for the United Stn tes of America, had the honour of being presented to Her Majesty by the Countess of Rosebery. The Greek Minister, M. Getinadius, was introduced to an audienco of the Queen by the Earl of Rosebery (Sooretary for Foreign Affairs), and presented 'his credentials on appointment. Sir John Walshatn, Bart, ivas ata > introduced to an audience of Her Majesty, and kissed hands on his appointment as Her Majosty'j Minister at Pekin. On Marchi the Queen drove out, attended by the Duchess of Roxburghe and the Hon. Harriet Phipps. His Excellency the Austrian Ambassa- dor and Countess Karolyi, the Danish Minister and Madame de F ilbo and Lord and Lady Revelstoke arrived at the Castle, and had the honor of being included in the Royal dinner party. General the Right Hon. Sir Henry Ponsonby, K.C.B., also had the honor of being invited. Lord Thurlow and Major Edwards, C.B., have succeeded Lord Methuen and Colonel Lord Edward Pelham Clinton as Lord and Groom in Waiting to the Queen. On March 3 the Queen, accompanied by Princess Beatrice, left Windsor for Buckingham Palace. On March 1 Her M,tjesty held a Drawing Room at Buckingham Palace, at which a large number of ladies were presented to the Queen. On Feb. 2(J the Prince of Wales left Cannes for Nice, and during his stay'there he will formally lay the foundation stone of the proposed monument to the late Duke of Albany. The great attention which the Prince of Wales received at Cannes from the Comte de Paris and family (which must now nearly include the Crown Prince of Portugal) has not passed unobserved in Cannes or in Paris. The visit of the French Prince was timed expressly to meet the Prince of Wales, aDd to be in readiness to receive him on his arrival. The re-election of the Prince of Wales as Grand Master of the English Freemasons will take place at Freemasons' Hall next month, and his roinstal lation on April 28. On March 1 the Princess of Wales, accompanied by the Princesses Louise, Victoria, and Maud, left Marlborough House on a visit to the Duchess of Sutherland, Torquay. On Feb. 2(! the Duke of Edinburgh was 'present at a concert at Gibraltar on the occasion of the opening of the new Public Assembly Rooms. His Royal Highness witnessed the garrison steeple- chases, and subsequently embarked on board the Tamar, which sailed immediately for Malta. Prince Albert Victor last week opened the new buildings of the Cambridge University Union Society, which have been erected from the plans of Mr. Waterhouse at a cost of between ¿69000 and ülO,000. At a banquet in the evening, Prince Albert Victor, replying to the toast of " The Royal Family," said it was always to them, aB it was to him, a source of the greatest enjoyment to be associated in any way with works of that kind, which were of such benefit to the community. The first stone of the chapel to bo erected to the memory of the late Duke of Albany was laid at Cannes on February 27 by the Prince of Wales. The site of the chapel is on the south side of the I Colline de Californie, below the Hotel do Californie, and the sacred edifice, which will be built in the Anglo-Gothic stylo, will be twenty-eight metres long and twenty wide. His Royal Highness arrived at three o'clock, having on his arm the Grand Duchess of Mecklenberg, and was followed by Prince George of Wales and the principal members of the English colony. The religious ceremony was performed by the Bishop of Gibraltar, assisted by ten clergymen of the English Church After the singing of several hymns by a choir of ladies, to the accompaniment of an harmonium, the Prince de- posited in a cavity made in the foundation stone a bottle containing a parchment, on which the names of the committee by whom the memorial has been organised wore inscribed, and sealed with the arms of His Royal Highness. Prayers having been said by the clergy, the stone vas lowered into its place, the Prince pronouncing the following words : - "' Thus, thus, and thus, I lay this stone in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and may God prosper the work. Amen. Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain." The foundation stone bears the following inscription :-" To the glory of God, and in loving memory of Leopold, Duke of Albany, this stone was laid by Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, A.n. mdccclxxxvi." The Emperor William met with a slight mishap at the recent Court ball in the Schloss, which the official gazette describes as "a contusion of the left hip occasioned by a fall." It adds that ?" though not in itself serious it will necessitate his remaining quiet for the next few days." Various versions are in circulation as to the cause of the Emperor's fall-one ascribing it to a momentary sensation of giddiness, and another to the slipperi ness of the parquet floor of the ballroom 5 but the truth seems to be that while leading in the Crown Princess to supper his Majesty tripped on his sword and thus stumbled and fell, though not com- pletely, the force of his fall having been adroitly broken by his granddaughter, Princess Charlotte, the Hereditary Crown Princess of Meiningen. The accident, however, though confining the Emperor to his room, has not prevented him from receiving visits and despatching business as usual. The Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Austria intend coming to England about the end of May, and will remain here for several weeks, as they pro- pose to make a tour through Scotland and Ireland. It is also expected that they will be present at the Derby and Ascot races. Two members of the Lnporial House of Haps burg-the Archduke Karl Stephen, brother of the Queen Regent of Spain, and the Archduchess Maria Theresa, daughter of the Grand Duke of Tuscan j-were married last week with great splead our in Vienna. The Emperor and Empress were pre- sent, and the chief members of the Diplomatic Corps wero among the invited guests. The wedding was preceded by the ceremony of renunciation. In presence of the Emperor and Court, the Ministers, and great officers of State, the Archduchess Maria Theresa took the oath, renouncing all her eventual claim to succeed to any one of the Crowns of the Hapsburg monarchy. Last week the nephew of the Pope, Count Pecci, was married to the young Countess Marie Vincente Conci. At the ceremony the high officials of the Pope and of the King of Italy mingled for the first time in open amicable relations. The feud is at an end perhaps, and people may expect an interesting issue of the new relations. His Royal Highness the Crown Prince of Portugal is now staying with the Comte de Paris at Cannes. The preliminary arrangements for the marriage with the Princess Amélie, daughter of the Comte de Paris, having been completed, the wedding will take place in May at Lisbon, where great prepara- tions will be made to celebrate the event. It is not improbable that the Prince of Wales will be present at the ceremony. Prince and Princess Edward of Saxe-Weimar are rppidly gaining popularity in Ireland. They have not, as some English officials in Ireland do, set up an English clique in the midst of Irish society, but are pleasantly cultivating the acquaintance of the Irish themselves. The series of evening receptions at the Royal Hospital were continued last week, when al argo number of guests were entertained. Sir Hercules Rollinson will leave the Cape for England shortly, owing to ill- health. The Chinese are furious at the treatment of their people in the United States, and threaten to retaliate. Great preparations are making in London for the accommodation of Colonial visitors to the Exhibi- tion in May next. Warlike preparations continue in Greece, and troops are being concentrated on the frontiers of Thessaly. The alleged leaders in the recent riots in the West-end of London have been committed for trial. All the foreign workmen hitherto employed in the Imperial shipyards at Kiel have been dis- charged by the German Admiralty. The subscriptions to the New York Irish Parlia- mentary Fund now amount to 62,000 dois. The Belgian Ministry will shortly present a bill for the conversion of the 4 per cent, debt into 3 J per cent. The Italian ironclad Italia has at her first trial made seventeen knots, and will probably accomplish more on the second trial. A furious gale prevailed throughout the eastern and middle United States a few days ago. The gale came from the north-west, the velocity of the ?wind exceeding fifty miles an hour. Mr. C. B. Birch, A.R.A., has just been commis- sioned to execute a 7ft. marble statue of Earl Beaconsfield for the new Junior Carlton Club, Pall Mall. The damage caused by the recent flood at Lady- smith, Natal, is stated to amount to ¿820,000. Re- lief funds have, been opened in all parts of the country. According to information from Athens, it appears that from the progress which is being made with the Isthmus of Corinth Canal, it is believed that five years will elapse before it is completed. The Sultan has conferred upon Lady White the Grand Cordon of the Chefakat Order, and upon Miss White the Second Class of the same order. The Naval Committee of the United States re- commend plans for the construction of new cruisers and torpedo boats, and for other naval work, at a cost of 10,000,000 dois. Professor Mills has revised and enlarged his " manualette" on the destructive distillation of paraffin, resin oil, coal tar, and other substances, and the new edition will bo ready very shortly. Professor Winkler, of Freiberg, in Saxony, is re- ported to have discovered a now chemical element, which he calls germanium, and places between antimonium and bismuth, The Cabinet of the United States is to bring the recent outrages of the Chinese before Congress, and to recommend that the sufferers shall be repaid the losses inflicted. The German Reichstag have passed the third reading of the bill for constructing a canal between the German Ocean and the Baltic, thus assuring this immense and important undertaking. The Chinese Minister at Washington has re- ceived a telegram from the Governor-General of Canton stating that the inhabitants of that city are furious at the recent assaults upon the Chinese in the United States, and threaten to retaliate. The Russian newspapers attach considerable im- portance to the proposed reorganisation of the Landsturm in Austria-Hungary, and consider the measures resolved upon as a far more serious threat to the peace of Europe than might at first sight appear. Miss Mary Anderson has had an enthusiastic re- ception on returning to her native city, Louisville. The State Legislature passed a resolution of wel- come, which was presented to her by the Governor. In Cambridgeport there was recently exhibited for the first time, says the New York Electrical Review, an entirely new system of incandescent electric lighting. The invention is that of a young German. From Boulogne it is reported that a few days ago the prisoners in the Thouars Penitentiary set upon and maltreated the Governor and his small staff of warders; but a military force soon arrived on the scene, and arrested fifty of tho ringleaders. Mrs. Weldon has just commenced a provincial tour at the Court Theatre, Liverpool. It is an- nounced that her object is to raise a sum of ¿650,000 to enable her to establish her orphanage on a sound basis. The filibuster steamer City of Mexico, with I thirty-two prisoners on board, accused of designs against Honduras, has arrived at Key West in charge of a prize crew from the American navy. ' No ammunition or naval stores were found. The Socialist organs publish a telegram from Calais stating that 2000 unemployed men met at St. Pierre to demand relief. Placards headed " Bread or bullets" were posted in the streets. The police dispersed the mob, but another meeting is summoned. The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge are issuing a series of excellent new maps in relief for teaching purposes. The object is to make the physical features of each country intelligible to the learner. No 1 (Scotland) is now ready.' The Supreme Council of War at Madrid is stated to have confirmed the court- martial's sen- tence of eight years' imprisonment and loss of rank upon Lieut.-Col. Don Enrique de Bourbon for misconduct in December last while on duty at the Palace. The German East African Society has published a list of further additions to its territories, which extend between the rivers Rufiji and Rovuma, and Lake Nyassa, and cover about 30,000 German square miles. A beautiful mosaic pavement has been discovered ia the Via Appia, four kilometres outside the Porta Pórtese, Rome. It dates from about the first century, and is the floor of an upper room of a tomb or columbarium. The mosaic is finely coloured. Count Tolstoi's novel, " Anna Karenina," which has been published in more than one of the European languages, has been translated into English by Baroness Langeinan, and will be issued shortly by Mr. Elliot Stock. Two gold watches nnd chains have been sent by the President of the United States to Captain Hughes and Mr. Roberts (second officer), of the British steamer Loid Gough, for rescuing the crew of the American schooner Cleopatra on Dec. 27, 1885. Now that the young ladies of the Moscow Girls' School have undertaken the business of collecting subscriptions on behalf of the "persecuted" Nihilists, the Government of the Czar will have to invent new systems of repression. An official denial is given to the report recently published by several European journals according to which Turkey had proposed to cede the adminis- tration of Crete to England in return for a loira of .£6,000,000 guaranteed by that country. The agitation throughout Germany for the sup- pression of the gambling hell at Monaco is spread- ing, and a proposal that France should buy up independent Monaco and then put an end to the gaming is meeting with approval. The first instalment of letters from American senators and Congressmen, all favouring Irish Home Rule, has been published in New York by the Irish World. One of the letters is from Mr. Sherman, the President of the Senate. The bill to amend the law of lunacy which Lord Herschell has just introduced is to all intents and purposes the same as Lord Selborne's bill of last year. So far as it is modified at all in its progress through the Lords the chances would seem from last night's discussion to be in favour of strengthen- ing it. The proposal to issue one-pound Bank of England notes is now well supported, and may soon come to pass. Bankers now take to the idea who formerly scouted it, on the score that it was impossible to guard against forgery in their rapid dealing with a large number of one-pound notes. Senator Frye has prepared a scheme for holding a Congress in Washington, representing all coun- tries in North and South America south of Canada, to consider the question of a united resistance against European encroachments, the establish- ment of a Customs Union, and other measures. , At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Kim- berley, to consider the probable effect of a unifica- tion of the diamond mines in the province of , Griqualand West, a resolution was unanimously carried condemning the scheme as impracticable, except under the direction of the Cape Government. There has been a further outbreak of yellow fever . on board Her Majesty's ship Urgent at Jamaica, resulting in the deaths of the doctor, the boatswain, , and a marine, making, with the previous outbreak, seven fatalities in all. The Urgent has been moved further out to sea to fresh moorings. The Spanish Government has awarded to Señora Fanny Keats de Llanos a pension of £70 a year, in consideration of the services of her late husband, Señor Valentin Llanos, who was formerly in the diplomatic sorviCe of Spain, and whose death, at the advanced age of nearly ninety, took place in August last. Mr. J. L. Robinson, a Town Commissioner of Kingston, brought forward a motion at a meeting of the Board that the name of the township should be changed from Kingston to Old Dunleary. The feeling of the Commissioners was so hostile to the change that ho withdrew the motion. A bronze statue of Sir Henry Hussey Vivian, M.P., by Signor Raggi, has been hoisted on a granite pedestal m Castle-square, Swansea. The statue was raised by subscription, as a token of local appreciation of Sir Henry as an employer and Parliamentary representative. At the village of Zoschen, near Halle, in the province of Saxony, about twenty acres of ground on which were several houses, suddenly disappeared, leaving nothing but an expanse of water. Most of the inhabitants were absent, but three men who are missing are supposed to have been drowned. Mr. Goschen is confined to his room through a severe cold. \- Earl Sondes continues to make favourable pro- ( gress towards recovery from the effects of his recent accident, as reported last week. The Dowager Marchioness of Conyngham and Lady Florenco Conyngham has left town for Cannes. Lord Mount Temple has so far recovered that no further bulletins will be issued. t Lord Carlingford has returned to town from San Remo, in greatly improved health. Lord Penzance is seriously ill at his place in Surrey, and it is highly improbable that he will ever again preside over his court. It is reported that Mr. Grant-Duff is to be raised to the peerage when he returns from Madras next May. The Earl of Winohilsea is lying extremely ill at his chambers in Cadogan Mansions. Lord Tolle macho is also seriously ill at his seat Peckforton Castle, Cheshire. Lord and Lady Home, who aro at Bournemouth, intend to remain there till the beginning of May. The state of Lady Home's health is causing much anxiety to her family. Lord and Lady Fitzwarrene Chichester, who have for the last few weeks been staying at St. Leonards on-Soa, have now returned to the Grosvernor Hotel, both niueli improved in health. Mr. Justice Pearson was taken suddenly ill a few days ago, and in consequence had to adjourn his Court during the hearing of a case. Admiral Sir C. F. A. Shadwell died on March 1 at Molksham, Wiltshire, aged seventy-two. He was present at the bombardment of Acre, and was also commander-in-chief in China for a few years. Mr.Jletge, ex-M.P. for county Meath, met with a severe accident hunting with the Meath hounds last week. His horse, falling at a fence, rolled over him, fracturing his leg badly. Sir E. Baring is suffering from an increase of in- flammation in the right knee, the one which was originally injured some short time ago. The Viceroy and the Countess of Dufferin arrived at Madras on March 1 from Burmah, and have been received with great enthusiasm by the inhabitants. The day was observed as a public holiday. The Earl and Countess of Dalhousie, who have benefitted very much in health by their trip to the colonies, have now started on their homeward pass- age. They are expected to arrive in this country . about the end of March. i It is understood that Countess Granville has , accepted the post of Mistress of the Robes, which was recently declined ^y the Duchess of Rox L burghe. The appointment will be extremely i popular in society. I Lord and Lady Iddesleigh have been staying I during the last week at Newton House, near Credi- ton, on a visit to Mj, and Mrs. Quicke. Lord N Iddesleigh is by no means in strong health, and ho is not likely to take much part in public affairs this session. Colonel King-Harman,'M.P. for the Isle of Thanet Division of East Kent, is making slow but satisfac- tory progress towards recovery, at his seaside resi- dence at Westgate-on-Sea, near Herne Bay. The Marquis of Bute has promised to give ¿61000 towards the erection of a hospital at Merthyr, pro- vided a further amount of J62000 is subscribed by other parties interested in the neighbourhood. The office of Dean of the Order of tho Thistle, which has become vacant by the death of Principal Tulloch, will probably be given by the Queen to Dr. Donald Macleod, of Glasgow, who is one of her chaplains in Scotland. Yesterday Sir Charles Dilke was present in the House of Commons for the first time since the late trial. No demonstration of any kind was made as he entered from near the Speaker's chair and took his seat behind the Treasury bench. Lord Blackburn, the Senior Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, will, it is reported, shortly resign his seat in consequence of failing health, and Sir James Hannen, President of the Probate and Divorce Division, will be transferred to the House of Lords to fill the vacancy. Mr. Charles Russell, Q.C., M.P., and Mr. Horace Davey, Q.C., received the honour of knighthood at the hands of Her Majesty the Queen at Bucking- ham Palace yesterday on »their appointment as Attormey-General and Solicitor- General respec- tively. I The statement as to the necessity of the Marquis of Salisbury going on the Continent for a short time for the benefit of his health bas given rise to surmises of a dangerous condition. Happily, there is nothing to cause anxiety ; quiet and change of air will, it is hoped, speedily restore his lordship. The Bishop of Winchester has been ordered by Sir William Jenner to abstain from all work or business for six months. His lordship has already been laid up for three months, and, considering that he is in his seventy-fifth year, it is scarcely likely that he will again be equal to his episcopal duties. Viscount Eversley, G.C.B., who is the oldest peer of the realm, completed his ninety-second year last week. This venerable nobleman was Speaker of the House of Commons for eighteen years, namely from 1839 to 1857, since which latter year he has enjoyed a pension of ¿64000 per annum. > On account of indisposition, the Earl of Dunmore, who is at present in Cairo, w<.i unable to attend the obsequies of the Dowager Countess of Dunmore on Friday. As directed by the Queen, Lord Elphin- stone placed on the coffin a magnificent wreath bearing the motto, " A mark of regard from V.R.I.'» It is stated that the new Lord Forester intends shortly to resign his church preferment. He holds the rectory of Gedling, Notts, which is worth about ¿62000 a year, and which he got from his nephew, the late Lord Chesterfield. The living is in the gift of Lord Carnarvon. Great respect is being paid to the Marquis de Cásala Laiglesia on his retiring from the post of Spanish Minister to our Court, which he has filled for many years. A dinner was given by intimate friends in his honour last week at the Hotel Métro- pole. The Duke of Cambridge presided. Thero was little speech- making, as it was in every sense a friendly affair. Later on there will be a public dinner to the marquis. A correspondent says he has the highest authority for saying that Viscount Lyons, G.C.B., our Am- bassador in Paris, and brother of the Dowager Duchess of Norfolk, is about to resign his post in consequence of his advanced age, he being now al- most an octogenarian, and that he will probably be succeeded by Sir Francis Clare Ford, C.B., K.C.M.G., our present Minister at the Spanish Court. Sir Francis is just now one of the primest of prime favourites with the permanent heads of the Foreign'Office. Li is considered that the salaries attached to the offices held by the Cabinet Ministers need revision. The Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Secre- taries of State each receive ¿65000 per annum ¡ the Presidents of the Board of Trade and of the Local Government Board, and the Scottish Secretary, who, although provided with a seal of office, is not a Secretary of State, receive only ¿62000 per annum. The result of this has been an ignoble struggle amongst several of the eminent Statesmen who form the Cabinet to secure the best-paid offices, irrespective of their fitness for them. Now if a Cabinet Minister of ability can be got for ¿62000, there seems no reason why the taxpayer should be called upon to pay more than this-with the excep- tion, perhaps, of the Prime Minister. One of the most brilliant soirees of the season was that given the other evening by the Princess Yourieosky, nee Princess Dolgorouki, the widow of the Emperor Alexander II. Her two children were present, Prince Georges, who is thirteen years old and a remarkably handsome lad, and her daughter, who is twelve years old, a beautiful sweet-faced girl. The entertainment was partly musical, partly dramatic, at which many dis- tinguished artists assisted. Among the ladies present at the invitation of the Princess we noticed the Maréchale Canrobert and her daughter, the Marquise do Chopenay, the Comtesse de Chabrillan, the Vicomtesse de Janzé nee de Choiseul, the Comtesse Ducos, the Comtesse de Laincel, Mdme. Henry Houssaye, Mdme. Gavini, Mdme. Rimsky Korsakoff, the Baronne de Précourt, and the Baronne Robert de Billing. 