ECHOES OF THE DAY. — I FROM THE LAW COURTS Ono of thu anomalies in thu Civil ftei viot Act was pointed out by Mr O. A. Smyth VM\ ci' c?uFfc yesterday momiml during thu bearing of tho cliarguugaiiist Jlanv Hiunmul for fraudulent insolvency. \Y!i,-n tlm Into lncsHi'iiKor of thu Iuaolvonee was relieved from outy, a supurnumoiiirv wal appointed, who under thu provisions «»f thn Aot wuKconqx'lleri torutire after threu months" servieo. Another Bunoriiumeraiy was then nppointed for another three months, the eon J. quenco being that two witnesses had u, »,,! called to prove a fact in this case, which but for this absurd regulation, one could verv w.-ii luive done. Mr Bmyth pointed oat thu gvivn difficulties which might aviso from tiles! arbitrary t changes. It was 110 mifiequvnh thing for insolvency examinations to Wt fdJ many months, and it was not at all improb iblu thul witnesses might bu wanted who had genu away, and could not bu found. Another aspect of tho mutter was that just as thesu NUpemumcrAries were beginning to understand their duties their services were dispensed u-iti, It seemed to him (Mr Hinyth) tlmt in pa-.-dng such a regulation thu framurs of tho Act lrul been trying to create difficulties. It niav bu nddod that tho authorities of the Lauds Titles Ollico lrnvo Just thu tamo ground of complaint Just as tho supernumerary draftsmen am beginning to becomo useful, which they can- not vory well be without a training of at least threo months, they uro summarily removed in muko room for perfect tyros. This, to a !wu extent, account m lor tho chronic state nf mtuldlo iu which the Titles Office is involved. Tljo head of tho household at lust forms tl',u basis of a Hooinl problem, uud domuatie rela tions are becoming more complicated. Dr Durefc sues a women named Murray in tho County Court, in respect of medical uttendaneo tqioii herself j but through Mr Lewis, iter counsel, »ho seta up tho plea tlmt she U a married woman and has uo separate property from that of her husband. His Honor Judge Cope commented strongly on the riovmly way in which the sec- lions of tho Married Women's Liability Act aro expressed, and reserved his decision, what with married women's separate property their liability aud non-liability, their rights and thoir wrongs, it is liaxtl to toll in there days who m who, and a creditor is frequently trilled with after tho style of 44 Pitcher imd i'osscr." But then women uro, and always have been sources of trouble, Lang Ah Num, a respoctable-loolcing Chinese tea-hawker, of Stewart and Nieholreu street. East Brunswick, has filed his petition 111 insolvency. It is said that hu lias taken tins step to 4 4 save his bacon" from the effects which certain customs of his Fatherland thrust iqHjn linn. His father in China incurred certain debts, and these descended to his widow. From tho -mother they descend to thu sun, and bo on till tho race is run. By a Chinese custom, theso debts follow tho sons of thu Celestial Empire to whatever part of the globe they may go. How these Mongolian debts are binding on a Celestial m a British colony is a Cliim-re puzzle, p.nu ono of tho mysteries of the Fust, jih Num, however, says ho lias hud to keep his mother in tho land of his birth whilst I10 was a stranger and a sojourner, iu a foreign laud, and that his motheiT would, now bo sold to pay his father's debts if hu did not filo his schedule. Hu alleges, moreover, that I10 lias had to borrow money at a high rate of interest. This may bo an explanation of how Chinamen know tim meaning of the word 44 interest " which was. as ono recently put it in tho County Court " YougivoineLC, aud I givo you Lg b:i';.!s Tho ways of the hcathon Cuinoo aru cert linlv peculiar, especially ulion thy dbta of dead ancestors follow thoiq fcbout tho world like Hainlut s ghost. Tlioonlendar at thu Central Criminal Court, OpOncii this morning, includes 12 prisoners anu 11V0 offenders on bail. It is not a vory largo list, but several of tho cases are of more than ordinary intcrtlst. First in regard to public interest is tbc ease of Mrs Taylor, and next comes tbe coso of the man Cook, who is to bo tried afresh 011 tho charge of shooting at tlio girl Taylor, said to bo Ills sweetheart, at llotlmm, and wounding a inan who etepped between instead of tho girl. Then comes tlio caso of a woman charged with perjury. These are followed by two insol- vents.wliu have now tecomu notorious, Morrison and Mummery Thu other caso of greatest interest is that in which a young man is charged with perjury, his two colleagues, wlio helped him to support au having already teen convicted for perjury Tlio second of tlio trio, in addressing tlic jury, tried hiu hand at logic, but bis logic withered before that of 'Mr Justice Williams. It was dear tlmt ho had not been a 'itudcut of Juvons, Wlmtuly, or Mill. On tlio wholo soiuo issues of _ considerable interest and im portance will bo brought before Mr Justice llolroyd. Tho Crown Prosecutor loves a joke as well as Sir Furves, Mr Smith was walking along tho corridor at the Law Courts with a friend when Mr MncDcrmolt, with his anus full of books, came rushing post. Tlic friend said, "Look at Mr MncDermott with all those weighty tomcH." "Yes," said Mr Smith, ,4bu6 he doesn't seem at home with them." DrMad- den, who was unnerved by tlio eight of thuhuco pile, asked Mr ( MacDerniott when 110 expected to finish his caso. Mr MacDcrmott replied, "In about an hour." The doctor, who was waiting to introducotho next case to tho Full Court, sighed, BUiiled, looked sceptical and departed. While tho Crowu Prosecutor was listening to tho arguments of Mr MncDeiinott ho evolved acoiiuudrum, "When is a barrister like a book? When he's at heme." But barristers arc very often like books, nnd very dry books—1 when they are endeavoring to convince tho Full Court that "it is and it isn't." A liulkiug 'young larrikin was before tho Collingwood Police Court ou Tuesday for insulting behavior. Tho chnirmnn of tho Bench was informed by the arresting con stable that when. tnkon to the look-up ho seemed quite pleased, and remarked tlmt . ho would much rather bo iu gaol than out of it; .ah .lie .'knew hu would always get his meals regularly j- whereas, oulaido, lie was never certaiu. Ho uever worked. When this statement was nm'do ho smiled as though proud of his position, which . doubtless was envied by uome of bis friends, who were in tho lnxly of the Court, who smiled appruviugly ou liiui, hu leering in return. MrM'Keau, who was seated at tho table, said it was scandalous that tlio couutrv should bo put to the expeuso of feeding such lazy young scamps, whilst honest men were wanting food ami shelter, and willing to work to obtain lioth. Tho Chnirmnn of tlio Bcucli expressed his regret that ho could not order thu prisoner a flogging. A witness iu the Central Criminal Court this morning named William Henry Johu Wilson, wished to givo certain evidence that his Honor Mr Justico Hulroyd thought was not admissible. Tbe witness persistod that it was important and ho wished to give it. His Honor sharply said -to tho witness, 44 You aro not a judge of what is evidence and I mil. You will, therefore, givo only evideuco that 1 approve of," The witness, then gavo his evidence lias desired by tho judge. A woumn in tlio primo of life, who according to some ought to have a melancholy visage, but who as a matter of fact had a very florid coun tenance, was standing this morning in tlio octagon vestibule near tho Insolvency Court; Her garments were not as funereal as those sho wore when sho lost left the Courts. She seems to have changed her dress to keep more in tnno with lively spring. Fresh air, plenty of exer cise, good company and wholesomo food appear to have been her lot since her lato oxit in tho two-horeo chariot which frequently visits tho central square of tho Law Courts. Tho long black fur ulster which covered licr form a short tiinc ago had disappeared. The black bonnet she recently wore had given plnco to one wore in keeping with sunny weather and picnic parties. Tlio sunbeams of thu morning niqieared to liavo lit up hi face, and genial sofar rays seemed to bo reflected from her eyeii. 4 She stood erect, had tho npponrauco of being quito at ease, and nt pence with thu world and herself. When con tingent of reixirtcra passed through tho vestibule she looked steadily into their faces, as though sho had seen thoift before, and the journalists wcro not a littlo sur prised to sco the well-known Mrs Taylor stand ing- there cool, apparently at ease and without care. 8he then quietly and calmly turned her eyes up to tho ceiling It may bo that sho was looking for tho Milky Way — or, perhaps, Mr Furves. Her eventful story is tote continued a little later 011. 