THE 'BITER BIT. Someo boys boarded with a teacher in Scotland, whose'iouso was not far from a country churchyard. They-determined to alarm the old grave digger, who was in the habit of reaching his cottage, often late at night, by a short cut through the burying ground. One boy, named Warren, whowas especially mischievous,- and had .oftens teased qld Andrew,. dressed himself up in a white! sheet, and with his. companions. hid behind. the, graves. After waiting patiently, but not without some anxiety: and fear for'Andrew, he was at, last seen,. approaching; the; memorial stone behind which Warren .was ensconced. Soon a number of low moans were heard coming from among the graves. " Ahs keep us '! a ' exclaimed Andrew., "Whats that " And ais he approached slowly and cautiously towards the tombstone, a white figure irose,- and got --taller and taller before his'eyes. " What's' this P"' asked Andrew,. with a voice which seemed'to tremble with fear, although, if any: one had seen how he-. grasped his stick,..he' would not. have noticed his. hand trembling.. ".It's. the restrrection !" exclaimed the irreverent Bully Warren. . ? llo resurr ectib?n !" ,replied Andrew. (' May I tak"the leeberty.o' askin'," he con tinued slowly approaching' the ghost, "if it's the general ane, orare ye just tiskin' a quiet daunder (saunter) by yersel' ?" So saying, Andrew rushed 'at the ghoat,. and seizing it, while a number of other smaller and darker ghosts rose and run off in terror to the ,school-house, he 'ex elaimed,- - - -_" Come awa' wi' me I I think I sirely haena' biried ye. deepneii; iibi;,w a iye can rise so eassy: But I fine dugfine, deep grave this morning, and I'll pit ye in't, and cover ye up with saoe muckle, yirtb, that'my word ye'll -no get oot for anitherldander." So saying, Andrew, by way of carrying his threats out, dragged. Mster Bully ;Warren towards' afnewly-made 'grave. The boy's horror, mnay. lie imagined, as Andret wastoo powerful to admit of his escape. I Hoeassailed the old man with. agonised petitions for mercy, for he was a great cdward. "I'm: not a ghost!' Oh, Andrew, I'm Peter Warren!- Andrew! Andrew! don't bury me! I'll never again. annoy you ! Oh-o-d-o-o ! " Andrew, after. having administered what ihe considered diue punishment, letWarren off wiith:the admonition : "Never daer tao speak o' gnde things in yon way. Never play at ghaists again, or leevan folk like me may grip.aghaist like 'you, and tak a stick taoe yc.. Aft wi ye 1" 