; The. Story Teller. A BRIDE'S ELOPEMENT. The wcdilmg went olt beaiitiiully. J liore were triumphant arches, rejoicing tenantry, and school children scattering flowers. The bride looked as charming as sweet 17 \- can look when it tries its best, and con sidering that she,, so to speak, stepped out of the schoolroom into the church, carried herself with commendable self possession. As for the bridegroom, he went through the ordeal like a soldier, aud a man, and looked, according to the doctor's daughter, ' heavenly.' Not the. least satisfied member ot tlie wetuung party was the bride's brother Joev. ?' The girls must look slippy after husbands in these hard times,' had been that young man's remark a year before. Spurred 011 . by parental niurmurings at empty farms . and 110 rent, .Joey had suggested a re duction in the home establishment instead of his substantial but inadequate allowance. J The establishment did not quite see it. But Joey was firm. The girls must marry, and one of them, as all could not, must marry GeoJTrey Fitz-Johnson. He was in every way eligible — young, good looking, well-off in a snug berth at the War Office, and heir to several rich and sedate rela ations, unlikely to commit the indis cretions, matrimouial and otherwise, of modern old age. So Captain Fitz-Jolinson was asked down to Mumblethorpe, passed overfive charming aspirants to his hand and heart, and thre-v the handkerchief to tlie sliock- licaded young person who . sent a pot of musk within an iiicli.of liis devote.l head, craning out of the .'schoolroom win dow on the evening of his arrival, to catcli a glimpse of ' .Joey's chum.' It was rather a blow to Joev his ' chum' walking off / witli his favorite sister, but- he bore it philosophically. ? He had always intended to exercise particular care .over Florence's interests when slie came out, and he was not prepared for the young lady going off so prematurely. However, the Fitz Johnsons would live in London, and as Joey was at Foreign Office and in rooms on Bury street, he could still keep an eye on his sisto/g^il see that she held her own in tlffi smart set' of which her husband was so popular a member. Joev was ten years older than'Florrie, and had the majestic carriage and law-giving proclivities of, a man about town. He was what is known as 'a great institu tion,' which means that he was invaluable in a snow-bound country-house. He could tell first-rate and first-hand ghost stories, and could pass the severest examination in Debrett. He was a pil lar of strength in private theatricals, .and could imitate the divine Sarah to the life. He knew all the latest gossip, and could tell it without seeming ill- natured. In short, Joey was that iara avis, a social success. ? ? A happier couplc than the Fit*:-. John- sons when they first came to Curzon-street could not be imagined. It was only when .Captain Fitz-Johnson settled down in his new house and his old set that he made the discovery that lie had won his wife's heart as well' as her hand. During the courtship and honeymoon the disposition of tliatv important factor in matrimonial liappme^S; had been doubtful. Florrie . teased, chaffed, and commanded her 1ms band iu a way that to such a conquering ? hero was both novel and provoking. '' Captain Fitz- Johnson had, however, learned strategy elsewhere than in Wool ! . wicli. The morning after the arrival in 7 London the wily young man left his wife in her boudoir — the latest things iu bou . doirs, executed under Joey's supervision — . wondering dismally how she should kill .the time until 8 o'clock in the evening, ? when' she was told she might look for ward to seeing her lord and master again. ? It was something more than to fetch a forgotten cigarette-case that made Captain Fitz-Jolinson retrace his steps on arriving at the foot of the stairs. His instinct had not deceived him. The fortress had ca pitulated. 'I love you so, Geoifrey,' sobbed the poor little wife with her head 011 her husband's shoulder ; and Geoffrey, as lic: strolled down the street, having promised to be back by luncheon time, hummed ' TR.ule, Britannia' in triumph, sotto voce. Tlie -Victory won, the victor, as lie had a perfect right to do, rested upon his laurels; but he need not have given up so suddenly the reverential worship of the lover and assumed so instantly the condescending tolerance of the liusband. It was unkind of- liini when lie came home just -in- time to dress for dinner, after having been at ' the club all the afternoon, to plunge into that horrible French novel with a satisfied grunt, and barely vouchsafe his wife a word-.1 It was downwriglit rude of liini when she leaned^) verbis cliair and stroked his liaii1; to snarl out savagely: 'For heaven's sake, Florrie, don't paw:. mo about like that. iSton't like it' and it waV positively brutal, after treating her iri i \ such a way, to scold her all dinncr-tiiue; for being depressed. But- 'so it was. The Fitz-Jolmson family ark, pretty little vessel as it was, with its fresh paint and dainty furniture, had drifted into the cur rent which, sooner or later, must land . upon the rocks. Geoffrey, blinded by sel fish vanity, became bored with his wife's ? well-meant but ineffectual efforts to please ; lier ' much-changed lord.' Her lavish affection, varied only by ill-concealed and sometimes tearful despondency, irritated him and made him more bearish than over. It was the old story. Things went from bad to worse. At last the first cruel rock , loomed in the distance and shipwreck seemed imminent. Lady Angelica Land sell was, so she said, a very old friend of Geoffrey. ' I knew liini when he was quite a boy — such a nice hoy,' she told Florrie tho afternoon she made her first' call in Curzon-strcet. She was a wonder- ^ fur anil Ouida-ish personage, of the'Clco-' ' patra typu.of beauty, lithe and serpentine, ! with a voice that could coo like a drive or ?liiss like a serpent at will. She used , a . .peculiar kind of scent that hung about the room long after she had left it. She was mysteriously fascinating,' and Florrie detested her. This was a great grievance of Geoil'rey's, who was blind to the pearl powder and impervious to the scent. ?? ' Angelica' (lie called her Angelica) ' was , a charming woman — a most valuablo friend.' Was it not common knowledge .that Cabinet Ministers met as often in her rose-lit drawing-room as at Downing street— that she had a finger in every dip louiflitic pie— that her statemansliip had brought about a royal marriage aud ?7- averted. ailHaropeau - war 1 - Uvea -Joe}' [ admitted that she was an unavoidable necessity, t Her smile or frown could make or mar a man. If the Fitz-Johnsons ever hoped to be anything they must cultivate Angelica. So Florrie had to submit, but not even the husband she adored could make her more than decentlv civil to the cnchahti'css with the cruel smile, who called .Geoffrey 'Geoff,' and who was al ways sending him mysterious little notes about goodness only knew what, for Florrie was never told their contents. A TuitK With a Pastejioaud Nose. Tlie following anecdote comes to us apropos of Gadban Effendi, the delegate of tlie Porte to the Bulgarian Goveremcnt : Gabdair Effendi had the misfortune, many years ago, .'to lose his nose, and lie has since worn a false one. When about to set out from Sopfia to Constantinople he remarked that the Bulgarian official who had given him his passport had marked on the document- where the personal des cription is given, ' lie/, en carton '—paste- board nose. Highly indignant at this al lusion to his artificial feature, the Turkish envoy repaired to the presecnce of Prince Alexander to lodge his complaint against the insulting official. Prince Alexander had 110 little difficulty to maintain his gravity, but finally succeeding in convin cing the indignant envoy that tlie insult was unintentional, and 011 taking leave of him sought to salve his wounded feelings bv presenting the noseless complainant with a silver snuff-box. A Tunnel Though the Simpi.on Pass. — The last of the great Alpine passes is doomed. ' We have 'just, driven.' writes a correspondent, 'across the Sinip lon. I need not say it was glorius weather, and we passed on the way a procession of carriages carrying a scientific commission from Lausanne/ The- vandals had all their insignia of destruction with them, and were making observations for the projected tunnel from Brigue to Iselle. The innkeepers are already considering the project as a ' fait accompli' and at Iselle wc were presented with a plan of tlie Siniplon Railway, and told with much enthusiasm that the tunnel would beat the St. Gothard hollow. Our coachman was more of a political economist than we should have taken him for, and reflected philosophically .. enough that whatever brought more visitors would in the long run bring more custom to the ' vetturini.' ' They will not drive over the Simplon- — no, but tlicy will want to drive somewhere else.' Apart from the tunnel, the Simp lon route will, I imagine, present fewer engineering difficulties than did the Saint Gothard.' 