BAPTIST ASSOCIATION MEETINGS. The usual annual meetings of the Baptist Association of Queensland were inaugurated last evening by a devotional meeting at the Wharf street church. The church was fairly well filled, and among the Ministers present were the Revs. W. Higlett (president), W. Whale, W. Poole, W. V. Young (Ipswich), J. Glover, W. Moore, T. Leitch, R. H. Roberts, G. Nitz. W. Bonzor (Maryborough), and J Kingsford. After devotional exercises, the Rev. W. Whale gave the following address : TO RELIGIOUS INSTKÜOTloy OF THE YOUNG. Not as of my own choosing, but at request of your committee I bring this subject before you. The conference which is arranged to follow my address shows a desire for full information and hints at some difference of view upon the religious instruction question. The fact that nearly one-half the population of the colony is included in the term " the young" shows how important it is that their best interests should be considered. In a sense, they are the more important half, for the future is theirs, and the colony will be intellectually, morally, and religiously, as they are who will constitute its population. The exigencies of political and ecclesiastical warfare have made the education question a bone of contention, and whilst fiery politicians and bigoted prelates have aimed at secularisation, or at priestly predominance, the middle party, for the sake of peace, have consented to a compromise, which is unsatisfactory to themselves, and which is borne only as being a practical solution of a vexed question in Church and State. You will note the terms used in my subject : "Religious," which means to bind back-that is, to bind man back again to God, and "instruction," which means to pile up in order, that is, to put before the mind such facts, and in such order, as will bind the life of man to the life of God. That I take to be religious instruction. Instruction and education are different in so far as the former refers to imparting information and the latter to the drawing out, in varied forms and directions, the expression of thought and feeling caused by instruction previously given, The chief places in which religious instruction may be imparted are the home, the school, and the church, and the chief instructors are the mother, the master or mistress, and the minister. The home is the primary school, and the mother is the head teacher. At the first dawning of mental power she can begin to pile up in order the facts and forces which will be part of the very life of the child and the man. Books are not our greatest teachers. "The life is the light of men." The li wing epistle is known and read of all. The lullaby at the cradle and the apparently meaningless talk of a mother to her darling are part of the instruction which lays the foundation of the whole building of thought and character. The most plastic period is that in which the influence of mother and home are without rivals. Children learn by sight first, and perhaps most. The picture is remembered when the letterpress would be forgotten ; even the word does not impress so much as the picture. The picture may be a fact or a sketch which appeals to the sense of sight, and thus makes its impact on the mind. The sense of hearing comes next, and in this respect the mother has the blank, unblottcd page to mark with meanings which after years will gradually unfold. The divinest relationship and the deepest philosophy, as well as the supremest sovereignty, are wrapped up in that word mother. Sentiment has to do very largely with religious instruction, and the home in the centre of heart life. The sentient is the basis of the sentimental, and both originate and bud forth in the home. Love teaches more than logic, and is more convincing. Religion is not abstract reasoning, but concrete influence. Christianity is not theory or theology, but God manifest in the flesh. Life at home is not theoretic, nor abstract, nor argumentative, but actual, concrete, and positive. Hence we claim that in God's plan the home is the primary school to the child, and no political or ecclesiastical arrangement can justly or wisely interfere with its sanctity or weaken its influence. " They who rock the cradles rule the world." But this statement points both ways ; the home is influential for good or for evil. A good mother is the god of' home, and the first' worship of young life is offered at her feet. The child mind goes from the lesser to the greater, from the known to the unknown, from the human to the divine, from "the old armchair at the fireside up to the merciful, majesty enthroned in the great home of the soul. Originally home was the only school, the father a priest and king, the mother a minister and teacher. As the world grow larger, and life became more complex, one influence modified or strengthened another, and the labour of life broke off into departments. Out of this division of labour came the school in a wider sense. But the first schools were domestic, and the highest classics were but the homely maxims and wise saws of the elders. In later times public spirit has modified private life and, whilst the home is not less divine and the mother not less influential, there are counter attractions which modify and seem sometimes, to almost obliterate their sacred teachings. From the home to the Church, from the Church to the State, this matter of instruction has now been generally handed over. Time forbids us to enlarge upon the periods and methods of transition ; we can only record the fact. Nor can we here discuss the question of the right or duty of the State in this matter, though we admit that much may be said against the theory of State education. It is a form of com- munism which modifies, and in some cases ignores, the influence and claims of home and Church, does much to repress individuality and reduce all life to a more question of politics and commerce. The State, as such, can never become efficient in the religious instruction of the young. Hero opens up a very wide subject, on which we cannot enter now, but we must recognise as a fact whatever we may hold as a - theory, that, in this colony, the State comes in with its claim to educate the people. None of its claims are consistently carried out, for if it be the duty of the State to educate the children. it is bound to see that all are educated, and yet it refuses to cut compulsory clauses in force. If education is to be for all, and compulsory and free, it should be without charge for books? or any other arrangements, for in this matter the State is in loco parentis, and should not interfere to half do the business Then education is to be secular, and by that word seems to be understood not only undenomina- tional but Godless, verging on to the profane rather than towards piety. Whilst admitting; the facts of the situation, and that much may be said for the rights and something for the duty of the State to take up this business of education we think it never can be perfectly satisfactory to all parties in the State, and that, in common with all merely political affairs, it must be, of necessity, a matter of compromise. Should the word secular " be made to mean the exclusion of the Bible? We think not. Should the word "secular" be supposed to forbid any instruction which has religious tone and colouring, and yet to admit that which is materialistic and political? We think not. Secular is not the antithesis of sacred Secular is a middle term, but it cannot be made of absolutely neutral that; it must be coloured by the sacred or the profane, and. these are opposed one to the other. We have, perhaps, said sufficient to show that State teaching must be matter of compromise, but that the leaning should be to religion and not to religion. Religious instruction cannot be absolutely excluded without warning the mind, narrowing the heart, and lowering the tone of the scholar. Morality, as a more matter of citizenship, is but a small part of that holiness without which none can see God, and God cannot be kept systematically out of view in any system of teaching which is not atheistic. Is this colony atheistic ? If not, is it right for the State to allow Huxley, or Darwin, or Tyndal', or Colenso, or Stimpson or any other to be quoted as authorities, and their books to be read as inspired by them, and as infallible on their subjects, and the Book of God not read, nor His name- or authority quoted on subjects of the highest moment? Is it not as true that "the wages of sin is death as that twice two are four ? Have you given proper instruction to a child when you have described the heart as a more force-pump, while you dare not add, "With the heart man believeth unto righteousness," or " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart?" If it be true that State education must always be matter of compromise and more or less unsatisfactory to all parties, we must endeavour to got out of it as much of good and as little of evil as possible, and this, we think, has been done by the school board system of England, with its conscience clause for the protection of individual opinions and its Bible reading and simple prayers and the Ten Commandments as school exercises, no creed or catechism distinctive of any sect being allowed. Home teaching being supplemented in one department and modified in another by the State school system, it becomes our duty to supplement it in that department which the State ignores. In my boyhood religious teach- ing was prominent in the day schools and! secular teaching was prominent in the Sunday schools. We had the creed and the catechism in the day school and the arithmetic and the copybook in the Sunday school, and both were under the governing power off the Church. The State has thrown aside catechism from the day school, and the Church has thrown aside the arithmetic from the Sunday school. As the State emphasises and sustains the citizenship of the home circle, so the Church must needs emphasise and sustain the Christianity of the home circle. With religious parents we should find co-operation and they will be workers together with the pastor and the Sunday school teacher, to the end that their children be brought to Christ. It is not merely a question of Bible reading the Bible may be read religiously. The Bible is a means -the means, if you will, to an end, the end being to bind man to God in reverence and holiness, and to man in justice and benevolence. Jesus Christ set forth these two in a life, and that life in us is religion. In hymns, in texts, in kindly religious associations, in the services of the sanctuary, in the Sunday school, the young are getting religious instruc- tion. Not so much new methods as now illustrations, now fervour, new faith in old and well tried truths, new life put into . all our words and actions, new hope in the soul, new joy on the countenance, are needed to make the instruction complete, interesting, and effective for the salvation and guidance of the young. Your larrikinism is not so much the fault of defective school teach- ing as of defective home teaching. Your horrid records of lust and license, of profanity and profligacy, of drunkenness and debauchery, will not be made clean by a few doses of hasty Bible reading. The Church of God must find a way to the heart, and must have Holy Ghost power to meet the deepest need of the greatest sinners. The profligacy of the poor finds publicity and prominence, and our policeman strate exhorts or threatens as to his fatherly heart seemeth good. But what of blasphemy in broadcloth, and swindling, by the sancti- monious, who can quote texts to suit their purpose, and cover up their hypocrisies by a cloak of pious professions? These have need also of your care, and for these, as for all, the Gospel is the only power of God by which, properly applied, they can he saved. A discussion of a conversational nature ful towel Mr. Whale's address, and most of those who took part in it thoroughly endorsed his remarks as to the value of home influence and a mother's teaching, and insisted on the necessity of religious instruction in State schools. The Rev. W. Poole, however, said that the teaching of religion in State schools was surrounded by great difficulties, and could only be given with effect by religious men,, but at the present moment they were not doing all that they could in the matter. At present, in every State school in the colony, a minister could go onceortwice a week after 4 o'clock and give the children religious instruction, but this privilege was unfortunately not taken advantage of 33 it should be. After the discussion Mr. Wells said that to offer them the use of the State School after school hours was nothing less than giving them a subsidy to teach religion, as well as putting an additional strain on the children. Rather let the question stand as it was at present, or if it were altered let it be altered on a basis of consistency. The secular system had been tried in schools and had failed, and now the Bible was admitted even in Birmingham. He believed the educational system in Queensland might be improved by adopting partially the School Board system of England. If they did so they would find that the Bible candidates would have a large majority. (Applause.) He could not see why local sentiment should not have a voice in the train r. If it was right that people in a district might exercise their discretion in the matter of public-houses, surely it was right that they should have a similar discretion as to the admission or not of the Bible in the local State school'. The meeting was closed with prayer by the Rev. W. Higlett. M. BAuniULLAKT has received a commission from the French Government to visit Italy and Spain for the discovery of papers relating to the correspondence of Mme. de Maintenon. 