the Jev. W. Green, at Longwood. '(BY OUR SPECLIL REPORTER.) 'The . Ite. W. Green (of Seymour) preached at New Longwood on Sunday last to a large colgre.ation, taking his text from the Acts of the Apostles; 2nd chapter, 42nd verse-"-And they con tinued steaf:Lstly in tlhe Apostles' creed, adl in fIdiesship. and in hbreaking of liread." Mm-h iutterst was maniftsted in the discourse, whidch was as follows: On the day (of Pentecost, preceding our Lord's ascension into heaven; the Chris tian Church was born. The disciples were assembled together at Jerusalem on that day, when the-promised Holy Ghost rnille down ullpon them fronl ablve. " So sewonl as they were endned with .this spiritual power they began to preach. Multitudes gathered about them. They 'were eiabled to speak with great force, and the Holy Spirit brought homne to anllly of their hearers the conviction of sin, which led them to ask anxiously of the Apostles " What they should do." St. Peter directed them to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remis sion of sius, and assured them of the prmnised gifts of the Holy Ghost. Thou sands on that day responded to the earn est words of the Apostles. Three thou sand repented of their sins, believed in Jesus Christ as the only Saviour of men, and were baptized into his name. This s.LS the beginning of the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church. ' Just before our Lord's ascension the. Apostles received their authority from Him to make Chris tians of all nations, beginning at Jerusa lem ; lint they were to'wait 'in Jerusalem 'until they received the prominised gift of the "Holy Spirit before' thiey ivould be qualified to enter on- this work. Thus they were divinely appointed anld fitted foir the duties of their holy office. Breth ren, Christ's Church is a divine institu tion. We claimll to be ra branch of the Holy Catholic and Aposto;lic Clurch. We cl Irove our right to that claini, and we are taught in our creeds to acknowledge our belief inl this line Catholic and Apos tolic Church. There are s aeo persons who seem to think very differently of tae church. They have thie queerest and .most erroneous ideas with regard to that body. They are (qu't unaware of its divine authority and mission, and regard it simply as a human institution. The consequence is they con:lude that one or t ro persons may start a religious shop, jast as people start a mutual store or b.nefit society. Then they admit men-1 bars, fromn their own rules, appoint ntti c:rs, and give or withhold their patron age, and they constitute a religious shop a ter the sante model as they do a g.nerml store or club. But we want no eridence of the existence of these worldly ideas with regard to the Church of Christ. Look aroundat thie multiplicity of so-called religious sects in the present day-not only sad-but a sad departure from the right idea; and a perpetuation of the evil is a great stumbling block to the progress of Christianity. The Church having been founded by .Jesus Christ, and new nmeim hers admlitted into it by the sacrament of laptism, what was the next step ? How wv-re these three thousand people taught to renounce these evil ways and put on Christ to act in the future ? What were the princiles that were to govern and ' direct them ? How were they to obtain spiritual food and streugth for their souls? )Our text answers this question, "and they cintiniued steadfastlyin the Apostles' aictrine and fellowship and in breaking, of breaul and ip irayers." It tells us what' its early followers of Christ and the' Apostles did. Here we have a brief statement of the course of life and prac tice if the first members of the Apostolic Church. First, they continued stead f.tstly in the Apostles' doctrine. The word for idctrine means " teaching or instruc tio,." These early Christi:ans waited Constantly iupon the -"talching of the Alpostles. At first they weed but balies il klnowledge. They had much to unlearn and learn front the lips of 'their teacher. The Apostles had accompanied' our Lord lor about three years, and had seen his works aind heard his teachings. Conse iluently they were well qualified to be the n instructors of others in those truths which Cihrist taught, and the witnesses of the facts of His holy life. lMoreover, Christ ;lirected them to go and make disciples of all nations, teaching theim to observe all timings whlatsoever hlie cormnumanded them, and it was the characteristic of the first I desciples. They smet to attend regularly o,n the Apostles' ministrations. When' they met by day the fundamental truths of the gospel, which their teachers pro- r clailimed, they willingly followed their teaching at all costs; but, no doubt, they taxperienced opposition, prejudice, and 'ither difficulties, but notwitlhtanding all this they firmly resolved to obey from the lheart that form of doctrine delivered I unto theml. They continued steadfastly :lso int the Apostles' fellowship. The brotherhood of the Church was thus early recoaziised - every member con sidered it his duty and privilege to con tinue in the communion of the Apostles. They kept together-were united in one body-- not like so many separate units, taelhi going his owni way acting independ- I intly as blrothler memibers, but well recog isilug their individuality they felt de lendeunt on one another and worked as a united ibody in fellowslhip with the AIpostles. It iWas their joy and strcngthl it' the days wheni Christianity was pure to ealise tile intimate union and synupatliy which belonged to the brothlerhiod of tile 1Christian Church, and not till afterwards, ehen men had fallei from Christ,$did they separate from the Apostolic union, tiake divisions, stir up strife, and form aects. Such conduct was very displeasing to Christ, and injurious to the work. Anotlher work of tile Chlristian brother loold in Apostolie timies ws'-" theycon tinued stCeadfastly in thebblreaking of bnrd." Fromi tihe first it was thle duty f a Christian to obey tlhed ~obmmiands of his Master, and this was one o'bf the mlost sacred and important 'ctisniands which He gave to Hids Apostles.' Whyl, we are directed to nmeet toethier and culommnlemOir tte lis deatlh by pTa?itkirig"of the saca ilellt of tile Lord's -Supper, which He instituted. So the early converts to' Christianity faithlfully and gloriously kfpt Ul, this euchlaristic feast in' niemnory of the lacrifice of the death of Christ and in o'uelience to his command. 1'They allowed n1 feeling of unworthiness,. or any diffi tilty or objection to keep themn froml Counmmunicatiigi at tlhis sacred feast. They eVer tuirmued their bai~:ks on the breadl of Churst sr ne-glected to attend the feast, hut they regularly and cinstantly fulfilled this conmaeuud of Christ. They partook ,n a sliritual il;inner of the body and Nlahd if Christ. Now a fourth character stie ,f tile mnembers of tie Apostolic Church1 menltioned in our text, was "they lltillueld perseveringly in prayer. Eier-yone felt tile necessity anid the vanue of goiug to God in prayer. They Privately offeired to Hiin the holy sacrifice by thlanksgiving and prayer, but, .breth ren, the reference here is to prayers in public. Those early disciples of Christ and followers of the Apostles were con seous of their own weakneijs and ignor ance, so they resorted constantly to the public assembly to join with oio another in earnest aid united sltpplication and hIeyrr for wisdom, granCe; arid strength.' They kniew thle advantages of public woe-S ship in those days. We have seen that -ose persons who were pric:ked in their eart on the day of Pemritecos, and wlid netd out to the Apostles--" mn and 1retlhrn, what rindst we do." They fol lowed the Apostles' advice-they re-: ipented, thiat is, they ehanged their mninds, nil tuirned from sil to God. They were snoitted into the Church by holy baptism, and th,1 received the gift of thie Holy SoSt. We have also seen 'l*t wa` s thleir liaulner of life after they were gathered their course is.a pattern to.all.Christi-jh k unto the end of the world. Let'us cherish their memory afijd folld?ow ii their steps. Let us? continue in tile Apostles' doctrine.' It is-bui privilege to be:able to hear, the instruction of Christ 'and his Apostles through the appointed teachers of the Church, and it is our bounden duty to listen to and heed their teaching. It is the work of their holy 'office to rightly define the word of truth, to minister to the babes iin Christ, and to those Who are strong in the faith. But sonie of you have just ntered upon11 your Christian eouse, and have mutch to learn. You will avail yourselves of every facility provided for your becoming better informed in the truths of our holy religion. Some weak disciples of Christ are now and then led astray by the false idea that any person who can talk earnest ly and make a noise is fitted and qualified for teaching Apos tolic doctrine. Now if there were a closer and more loyal observance of the primi tive Christian practice there would be few itching ears and less running to and fro after new doctrines, and consequently few self-appoinited teachers starting up in our modern villages and large cities. When mdn and womeni trulv repent of their sins and are admittdd hlId the mcmbership of Christ's Church, it is their duty to wait steadfastly upon the tpaching of those whom God has called and set apart to the sacred office of the ministry and the word of truth. Do you, my fridhds, find this characteristic among yourselves ? Are you continuing steadfastly in the Apdstles' doctrine? Well, the next inquiry I have to make is-" Are you faithfully walking in the fellowship of the ApostlesT' We are accustomed in our epistles"and creed to acknowledge our belief' in the conm rmunion of saints. Do we realise, like the early church, the beniefitis ufthe holy comimunion? . We aire mnlemtbrs of one creat body-the Church-'-of which Christ is the divine head. Do we cherish the idea of oui dependence upon oie another? and show to each that help and sympathy which should properly :abound in the holy brotherhood of the Church? What ever difference may exist in'our social position, let us remember that in our church life and church work we are all equal in the sight of our Master, aind that it is not inconsistent and injurious to. speak and act independently of the whole body. We should be very united and sympathetic, at the same time loyal, :de voted, constant, with no stirring up of strife, or causing divisionis or en couraging schiil or disuniting menm bers of the Cl.u.ch. It is as a matter of fact dishonorinig our'Lord and bringing upon theinselves Hismanifentdis pleasure. Our branch of Christ's Church provides its nlembers with the 'teachings of the Apostles in the frequent and systematic reading of the holy scriptures, and of tie book of prayer appointed to be used, and in the prayer for all conditions of men. We particularly pray for all those fallen into heresy and schism, and that all who profess and call. them selves Christians may be led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and 'in right eousness of life. Another feature in the conduct of the early church was "they continued in the breaking of bread," They partook regularly of the saceramnent of the holy communion, and we cherish the privilege afforded us in this blessed comnmunion with our Lord and with one another. lie has instituted this sacrament f and conunanded us to keep this eucharis tic feast in remembrance of him. ltemem her, christian brethren, it i3s yourbounden duty and unspeakable privilege to eat and drink at this divine feast as often as you have the opportunity, in iiemory of the sacrifice of the death of Christ, whereby alone we obtain remission of sitns and are iade partakers of the kingdom of heaven. Do you value the divine commniad and the early christians' practice, or do you neglect to comne forward to the holy tablee and feed on that spiritual food which Christ has provided ? When you are invited by the ministers of CQhrist to attend this banquet do you "allw some excuse or dilticulty to keep you awvay ? If I so, how can you reconcile your conduct with that of the first christians or even with the stume your. bear ? To be conscious of some sin, pride, absence of love, impurity or drunkenness which .prevents your approach to the table of the Lord indicates that you are not to be reckoned among the members of Christ's obedient children, and have not His holy spirit. 1 But one other imark distinguished the clhuracter of those who were early admitted into the fellowship of tile Apostles. They continued steadfastly in prayers. Brethren, we should not only value very highly the privilege of private prayer, but we should attach con siderable importance to the, coining I together for public prayers.. Public worship affords us the occasion in which we speak to our Heavenly Father, hear His holy word, and offer to Him our united prayers, supplications, and thanksgiving. it is the means which He has ordained for us to obt:in instruction, comfort and spiritual refreshment,'. and strength. Brethren, do you find this trait in your character-a love' for the assembly of God's people'- a'love for the courts of' the I Lord's house. Tihe earnest and sincere christian does notattend public prayers to please himself or his" neighbour. He makes his convenience or pleasure or any other cause to give way'to the perform- I ance of this sacred duty which Christ has enjoined upon himi. s18 thlatyour practice, brethren ? Do you gladly avail yourselves of Our apostolic forim of worship-yes! of our incomparable liturgy, and allow mnot difficulty to prevent you constantly attending this place'of prayer?' There is nothing on earth that is worthy to be compared to the joy of publieworship believed in spirit and in truth;. And never forget, dear brethiren-never forget -t-hat thuis the primitive christians con tinued steadfastly in the way of the Apostles' teaching and practice., They were deeply conscious of the value and necessity of regularly anid perseveringly walking in the path, and so it shlmuld be with us now. We come to see the need and importance of apersistentcontinuance in our adherence to the doctrine and dis cipline of that branch of Christ's ' ehurch to which we belong." We iwill not be turned from our duty and purtose by any passingfeeliiing'or unwirthy notive.- Ours, I trust, will not be a spasmiodic or fluc tuating attachment to the church'of .the Apostles, but a deep, loyal, and constant allegiane admitted into the chdiuch by the sacrensent of baptism. Let us con tinue therein; taught, guided, strength ened, and comforted by its holhy 'offices until the time arrives when our heavenly Fathler shall call us'from our plhlic'ii the church militant on earth, to occupy a higher psition inithe church triumphant in heaven. 