THE Y.A.T.C. MEETING. (Bv " Quiz. ) Tlie prcttny-situatea racccoarscot tne victoria Amateur Turf Club will be tbe scene of some good racing this afternoon. Should the weather keep tino there is no reason why Mr. Bond should not have to record n larger attendunco than has yet graced the green sward of Caul- field. Visitors from all parts of Australia will be present, and with the exception of New Zea land the principal event of the day will bo contested by horses from all tbe colonies. Tho smallncss of tho field for tho Caulfiold Cup is caused in a great measure through the un fortunate accident that took place last year, when our crack light-weight jockey— Dounld Nichohon — lo9t his life. But for that smash New South Wales would have boon better represented, as no doubt Messrs. Mayo aud Long would have had a cut-in for the rich prize offered by the V.A.T.C. The liberality of the Victorian Racing Club, in adding £2000 this year to the Melbourne Cup is another reason for reducing the number of starters for tho Cauliield Cup. Latest advices from headquarters say that the running ground is in splendid order, 'and tbe course naving been altered at oue of the turns the likelihood of another such calamity as took place in tho raco twelve months ago has beeu reduced to a minimum. The tir»t race is sot down for 1 o'clock, when the Selling Race— special woights —will be decided, when Ellington, Tichborne or Bostnond may show to advantage. The Caul- field Stakes, one tnile and a quarter, weight for for age, should induce some of tho elder division to don eilk; and if Malua, Iso- nomy and Grace Darling come to the post, one of them will win, nnd this event oniy would be worth a pilgrimage to the course. The Nursery Haudicap serves to bring out somo Maribyinong Plate candidates, and public running, the best guide after all, points to Mistletoe, Hortense aud Perhaps. The excitement will be great whilst the horses ure preparing for the event of the day — the Cauliield Cap. Speculation has been brisk over this raco, and the peueillers have reaped a rich harvest by the withdrawal of several heavily-backed lior&es.; Silvermiue is the popu lar idol, buft Beu Bolt has alio received exten sive attention, the mysterious division styled "the stable" having supported this horse heavily. The Ballarat division, as usual, havo " como down" to some tune on Recall and Britisher, and Boolka and Little John will enrich thoir respective owners should either happen to got his head in first. First Consul's running in the Guineas points to him us a possible winner, although at such an outside price. Had Vol cano been in the Cauliield Cup with First Consul's weight, the followers of tho Hon. James White's colors would have made him first favorite. So that mouey makes tho favorites. Burrilds, St. John, Zeno and MilLstream are others who havo beon well supported. Tbe wiclders of the metallic will have to trust to one of their own class to pull them throngb, and iu Lesbia and Remus they havo a good chance of onco more performing that delightful operation— to them —of "skinning tho lamb." All things con sidered the final result will probably be RECALL, First Coosnl, Silvermine, with Leibia to " upset the pots." The Stecplecha30 will produce the usual chapter of accidents, ending iu a win for Sir Samuel, Blackthorn or Have- lock. The Windsor Handicap, of six furlong3, brings the meeting to a couclnBion, giving the second and third raters a chance of picking up a crumb of comfort. With a start, Tho Ghost, Tichborne and .Salvo should be worth an investment. " Armstrong's brake" is likely to he in great demand for this event. 