AMUSEMENTS. A grand concert of sacrcd music will be given in St. Andrew's Church Carlton, this evening by the church choir, underk the direction of Mr. D. A. Beaumont. As. sistance will be given by Messrs. Power. Robinson, and Morton, and Mr. Ileathcote will act as a orgainist. The programme includes some excellent numbers, e':d the entertainment altogether promises to be above the ordinary class of church concert The price of tickets is fixed at is and they nay be obtained from the members of the choir or any persons connected with the church. A grand entertainment was given in the A ovyal Hall, Fleminaton, by the Kensing. t ton Minstrels and other residents in aid of tie pic-nic funds, on Tuesday evenig t last. The hall which has only just been erected in most commodious and comfort- t able and was kindly granted for the occa sion free of cost, by the proprietor, Mr. Johln Crichton, who is certainly to be commended for his public spirit and generosity. There was a large and ap- a preciative audience who frequently ap- } plauded the various performers who went a through the capital programme provided in a most creditable manner and without I a hitch. The firat portion of the concert t weas cormmenced by tihe Kensington Min- t strels. Mr. F. Jackson acting as inter locutor, a part which he performed to per fection, Mr. J. Gay, bones ; Mr. J. Bennett, I tambo; and Mr. G. Sutton, pianist. The I overture ' Picnic Revels' by the company I was very well rendered and was followed with a song ' I dreamt my little boy of t thee' by Mr. T. Scott, ' When the corn is waving' by Mr. J. Syers was capitally given and was loudly encored. A comic song ' Susan will be there' by Mr.Gay was very sueeccssful, and a song and dance 'Singing in the sunshine' by Mr. W. Wallace produced loud applause. Mr. C. Bown gave 'The old Rustic Bridge by the Mill,' with good effect and Mr. F. Jactson ' Scotch Lassie Jean,' in splendid style. A comic song 'Tommy, You're a Father,' by Mr. J. Bennett was very amusing, and 'Romany Rye,' by Mr. Frank Cronin, who was in capital voice, received a well deserved encore. ' Sar good's Militia' by the company was most laughable, and concluded the first portion of the programme, after which there was an interval of five minutes. Part II. was commenced by a piano solo (selected) by MIr. G. Sutton, followed by a recitation by Mr. Prest. Master E. Rigby played a violin solo ' Lee Puritans' very nicely, and Mr. W. Currie gave a comic song ' Rasp berry Tart' in place of the Irish jig which was to have been danced bj Mr. J. D'Olivera. A recitation by Mr. A. Mayne was loudly applauded, and a duet b Mlessrs Marshall and Woods, which was given with capital time also met with much appreciation and applause. A song " The Old Brigado' by Mr. H. Lording, a recitation 'Shamus O'Brien' by Mr. E. Duggan, a farce. 'Echoes in the Wood,' in which Messrs F. Jackson and J. Gay succeeded in keeping the audience in roars of laughter, and 'The Ghost,' in which Mr. T. Syers, Gay and Jackson took part, creating more laughter, brought the per. formance, which was most successful throughout to a close. The result of the concert will be a considerable addition to the picnic fund. Mr. W. Cross, the ener getic correspondent of the school board of advice, has worked hard to make the picnic a success, and is to be heartily con gratulated on his satisfactory management. The third annual concert in connection with the Hotham Hill Volunteer Fire Brigade took place in thie IIotham Town Hall, last Monday evening, but was only moderately attended in consequence of the Hotham Football Club meeting unfor tunately falling on the same evening and also to the want of advertising, but those that did strain an effort to come were re warded by a very homely performance by the Williamstown Crow Minstrel Troup who acquitted themselves very credit ably in fact it is only fair to state what has been said of Hugo's Buffalo's being in every department appertaining to variety business. Their vocalists are very good and the choruses were excellent, their end men funny and their dances exact and precise. The items that deserve attention were, Master Carpenter's song, ' A Boy's Best Friend is His Mother,' sung in grand style and richly deserved the encore which was donanded in response to which he repeated a verse. This fact speaks well for such young talent and also being his first public appearance. 'The Last Sweet Words of Mother,' by Mr. E. Cherry. wvasalso well rendered. Also Mr. Griffea?Deathof Nelon.' and Gus lwson's Sailors Hornpipe. Mr. J. Ward's irresis tible commicalities and Mr. C. Whelan's sand jig were all well received. The con cluded w:lh the side splitting farce ' The Wigmakers in which Messrs. Griffes, Jenny Taylor and Bot Dalton the two funny corner men and the Interlocutor made the most of their parts. The brigade desire to thank Mr. J. Clements for. lend his piano to the brigade as owing to some misunderstanding no piano was engaged, also to Mr. F. Tilley for services in the ticket Box. 