TESTIMONIAL TO DEAN TIERNEY. If niljiisi bonum be a good maxim to gnide'ns in referring to the departed( both cus'tom and good' taste have made nil bonum almost equally Imperative, in referring to those who are still liT the land of the liviDg. jTbere are, however, exceptions to this -latter- rule, when neither delicacy nor. fashion prohibit.the HSe of- moderate"-' eulogy in speaking of our -living contemporaries. We may not sayiall the good we think , of a man to his fScjs; /yet: we may /let him know that wa regard- him--with esteem and affection; - "II . ever tlit re was a .case: of this kind, it isqriresentedby a move ment lately, set on . foot; in Beechworth, for the' purpose, 'of goffering to the, Very \- Rev. , Dean TierneW some appropriate testimonial, on bis Having reached his \- r silver jubilee in connection with this .. parish. As a matter of fact, he has been over twenty-five years -amongst us in his „ sacred character of parish priest;, but . great, as his labors have been in tha' i e»pa?Hy, he has by. . no means confined ihimsdlf to them. ; ;frienqi- and as an adviser in temporal I gattirs, he has equally endeared himself v and won the respect and love, not only of his own parishioners, but of hundreds of persons beiongiDg to other rd'gious persuasions. In all these respects we folly endorse the encomiums- passed upon the very reverend dean nt a preliminary meeting held in St. Joseph's Hall last week. We, -ourselves, - have litd fre quent occasion to witness the hard work ) he has gone through in this district when roads were few, and bridges far between. It is only those who have been the same time in the district who can imagine the Abilities, discomforts and even danger, '.of travelling in those early days. The 1inmeuse extent of his parish,, which was 'n point of fact undefined at that period, ridded greatly to his work, with all its hardships, and it is no wonder that his health occasionally broke down for a time. Indeed, nothing but a naturally good constitution and an indomitable will in the performance of his duty would have enabled him, under Providence, to survive the constant exposure to all kinds of weather, and the fatigue he was obliged io encounter. And all this, like the reverend father's numberless charities were of so undemonstrative character as to be known to those only who followed his footsteps with the eye of regard and svmpathv. As the dean objected to the proposed testimonial taking a pecuniary shape, it wrs resolved, on the motion of Mr Charles Connolly, " that funds he collected for the purpose of erecting a hall in connection with the Christian Brothers' College, to be called the Tiernoy Hall, as a memorial of the event of his silver jubilee." Already Bishop Reville and three district clergymen have subscribed £100 amongst them to the testimonial, and Messrs D. C. O'Connor, C. J. O'Sullivan and P. J. Dwyer were appointed as a committee to draw up resolutions to be presented nt a general meeting of the panshioners, to be held on Sunday 18th June, after 11 o'clock mass. But it is not merely the reverend dean's parishioners who will joia in this well earned testimonial. Persons of other denominations are well aware of the good priest's work, and not a few of them have, to our knowledge, been assisted by his kindness and generosity. We need not say we wish the movement the success it undoubtedly deserves. Shortening the Hours of Duty. — In the Assembly on Thursday Mr Tuthill gave notice that he will on Tuesday ask the Chief Secretary what he has done in respect of carrying out the promise of his predecessors to shorten the hours of duty for the attendants and warders in the hos pitals for the insane and penal establish ments. Accident at Chiltern West. — An accident occurred on Tuesday morning to Mr John Dunbar, son of the late Mr John Dunbar, of Rutherglen, who was engaging ploughing at Mr D. Walsh's farm, Chiltern West. He had occasion to leave the horses for a short time, and on his return, when trying to make a start, a young horse he had in the plough kicked him back and knocked him down. He re mained insensible for a time. On recover ing himself, he called out for help. Young Mr Walsh came to his assistance, and brought Dunbar to Rutherglen. On examination by Mr Ready, it was fauud that he had received a severe wound oh the right leg above the knee, and that the little finger of the right hand was much shattered and broken. Mr Ready set the finger and dressed the wouud, and the patient is now "favorably progressing. Tallangatta Police Court. — The fol lowing Gases'were disposed of at the Tal langatta Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs Peter Wright aiid William Carkeek, J.P.'s E. G. Thomas v R. Boyd : Claim £8 6s lOd, goods sold. Ver dict for amount ; in default, distress ; execution to be stayed for one month. A. Ellis v M. Spillane : Illegally using a horse. Case dismissed. J. Bohun v J. Ballard : Claim £2 3s l£d, goods sold and delivered. Order for amount ; in default, distress; to be stayed for one mouth. M. Bohun v D. Kirk : Claim £5 8s 9d, goods sold. Verdict for amount and 5s costs ; in default-, distress. Police v T. J. Mur ray : Allowing pigs to ivander. Case dis missed. Police v"Jas. M'Gill: Riding on footpath. Struck out. Christ Church.— A popular entertain ment 13 advertised to be given in Christ Church Sunday-schoolroom, Beechworth, on Friday, 18th inst. We are informed that a few art-union tiekets, in connection with the late bazaar, remafu unsold, and that if they are disposed of, the drawing will.take place at the entertainment above mentioned, which is in aid ..of the church restoration fund. Beechworth Volunteer1 Fire-bri gade. — The ordinary monthly meeting of the above brigade was held in the Council Chambers on Friday evening. Lieutenant Gilchrist occupied the chair, and there were 16 firemen present. The minutes of the previous monthly meeting were read aud confirmed.- A letter was read from the Inglewood Fire-brigade, wishing to be supplied with a copy of the rules ; to be forwarded. Th6 resignations of C. Mor gan and W. Cathro were accepted, with regret. Accounts to the amount of £10 2s 6d were passed' for payment. The secretary reported-that he had made good progress with the annual' canvas's ; but as there were some more subscriptions to come in, he could not state definitely the exact' amount collected. ' A. Anderson and G. Morley were elected members. of the - brigade. Three months' -leave of absence was granted to Fireman John Payne. 1 John Foxall was nominated. as a member of the brigade. A vote of thanks was" passed to the Albury Brigade for the kind ; manner in _ which.. ..they. , treated members of the rBeechworth .Brigade whilst at 'Albury./. The' meeting. " then adjourned. £' < 'f. $/; . \ |j' &' Sale of Bontharambo! Land.— Messrs Peck, Hudson and Raynor on Friday sold by public auction at the Theatre Royal, Wangaratta, under instructions' from Messrs F. G. and G. B. Docker,- about 3(500! acres of the BontharauaBo Estate. The attendance was large, an'd the bidding spirited. Tha following lots were sold - Lot 1, containing 416a lr 16p.— jMr, Thos. Wilaph, Oxlfty, £7 -Ik per mere. ' Lot 11, 95a ;2r r32|. Mr | Wm; Richardson, Docker's"' Plains, £7 ,1s per acre, Lot':, 9, 85j(.-|— Mr John Martin, Oxley,k£7 2s per acre.' Lot 12, 90a 3r 18p. — Mr Win. Richardson, Docker's Plains, £6 1 2s per acre.' Lot 10, 99a '2r 21p. — Mr Jno. Martin, Oxley, £5 12s per acre. Lot 8, 253a 3r 32p. — Mr Frank Vonarx, Docker's Plain a — £6 8a per.acre.r-. Lots 2 and 3, in all, 290aS-Mr Mar'tih/Miriogue/ Dborba- maiil £8 3s per acre. Lots 4 and 5, 3G0a. — Mr Richard Salmon, £8 2s per acre Lqts 6 and 7, 260ai/=-Mr Geo. Morrison, Rontharambo, £5 Is per acre. Lot 13, 1296a lr 35p. Lots 13 and 14 were with drawn from sale, the price offered therefor — ;£3 per acre-jrnot realiaing. ,the , reserve, (£5 per acre) placed by the' "vendors1 upon the iand": — Fiek at. Wogragbb. — A weatherboard house at Wooragee, for many years in the occupation of Mr 0. Haeffner, was at an early hour on Friday morning destroyed by fire. The property was lately purchased by Messrs Mitchell : Bros., but was not occupied. The house, which was insured in the Northern Company's office for £100 was completely- destroyed. Theorig'nof the fire is not known. Accidents. — A child six years of ago, the. daughter .of Mr C. S., Gray,. of. Camp and- High streets, Beechworth, while walk ing on the footpath near her-- father's place of business on Friday, fell and broke her arm. The fractured limb was set, and the little one is now doing. well. I Aminer named Emanuel Trouvd was on Friday admitted to the Ovens District Hospital, suffering from severe injuries, the result of a fall down a deep shaft near Rutherglen j the previous evening. The shaft was only partially protected, and in walking iiritlie' vicinity Trouvd was not aware of his danger in time to avert an accident.-. David Arkley, a farm laborer, was also admitted to the hospital the same day, suffering from burus and scalds sustained while attending to a steam-chnffcutter on a farm at Tarrawingee. District Waterworks. —Mr Tuthill, M.L.A., on Wednesday had a long.inter-. view with the Minister cf Water Supply and Mr Langtree, the secretary of that department. The result was that Rlr Deakin promised that a loan of £1000 would be advanced to the Chiltern Shire Council, for improvements aud repairs to the Barambogie waterworks. The money, it is understood, is not to be given as a grant. The Beechworth United Shire Council will receive a loan of £2000. for the purchase of additional water, provided au officer frem the department reports favorably on the supply under effer of sale to the council. This officer will be in Beechworth in the early part of next week. Entertainment. — The Lees and New ton Athletic Company are announced to appear in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beech worth, on Friday evening. Mr Alfred Wyburd, the company's advance' agent, is now in Beechworth making arrangements for the entertainment. The Liberal Whip.— Mr John Gar diner, the representative of Carlton, has been selected as the Liberal whip ill tho Assembly. Mr Hall, M.P. for Moira, was the other candidate for the position. The Children and the Hospital. — Tho secretary of the Ovens District Hos pital acknowledges the receipt of the following amounts from the undermen tioned State-schools towards the hospital funds : — Palinerston, 2240, £2 2s ; Mel bourne-road, Beechworth, 1740, £5 4s 6d ; Tea Garden Creek, 1221, £3 ; Moyhn, 1335, £3 4s ; North Wangaratta, 2391, 193 3d; Corryong, 1309, £8 lis 9d ; Barnawartha, 1489, 12s Gd. Land Sales. — Mr George Phillipson, jun., auctioneer, offered for sale by auc tion, at Mr R O'Brien's Albion Hotel, Wangaratta, under instructions from Mr Wm. Hyem and other vendors, on Thurs day last, several allotments of land. There was a large attendance ; but, from the result of the sale, there appeared to be very few bona-fide purchasers. In fact, the bidding was very languid. Mr Phil lipson read the conditions of the sale, and dwelt at some length on the quality and capabilities of the land. The first allot ment offered was allotment S9, consisting of about 267 acres, adjoining Mr Rule's property, which, after some competition, was knocked down to Mr Maurice Connell, at £7 per acre. The next allotment was No. 90, about 190 acres, adjeining Mr Dalton's property. For this land the highest bid was £6 103 per acre. Mr Phillipson .said lie would be compelled to pass this in. Three allotments, 95. 96 and 96a, in all about 252 acres, were next offered. £5 15s was bid ; but this land was also passed in, the reserve being £6 per aero. The auctioneer said he would be happy to treat with purchasers at the reserved . price. Mr Phillipson next offered Mr George Strain's Oarraragar- mungee Freehold Estate, consisting of about 750 acres. £2 17s 6d per acre was offered for this ; hut not- reaching the reserve it was passed in. The "Ooach and Horses" paddock, containing 50 acres, situated four miles from Beechworth, was also passed in, there not being a single bid for it. Mr James Williams's property, One Mile Creek, consisting of about 90 acres, was next put up. The auctioneer said this would have to be a cash purchase, as Mr Williams was proceeding to Kim- berley, and he required the cash to get to that distant locality. This land was like wise passed in ; £4 17s 6d per acre being the highest bid. Mr Phillipson also offered, in conjunction with Mr Tone, Mr William Orr's property, on the Ovens Flats, about one mile from Wangaratta, consisting of about 90 acres. £6 5s per acre was bid for this; but it was passed in, as it did not reach the reserve. This closed the day's business. - The Late Mrs Birtles. — The funeral of the late Mrs Birtles, mother of Mr S. Birtles, of Hurdle Flat, took place on Thursday afternoon, and the large attend- ance showed the respect in which the deceased lady and her relatives were held, persons being present from all parts of the district. Death occurred in New South Wales, and the body was conveyed to Hurdle Flat, and thence to the Stanley Cemetery, where the interment took place. The Rev. G. F. Cross read the burial service of the Church of England at the grave, and the funeral arrange- ments were carried out by Messrs Greig and Wilson, of Beechworth. Promotion.— Constable Charles Eroer- ton, who has been.stationed.at Corowa for the past five or six years, is about te take charge' of the Mill wala Police Station. \- Football.— The following players have been selected "to 'rqpyeBent the Beechworth Football Club in the match Beechworth v Yackandandah,- to-be played on theYack- andar.dah ground— to- dav... (Saturday,:.— Anderson, Bray, Brown, .Chavnion, Dobie, Davidson' (2), Greig, hLaycock.lMolyneux, Morrison, Morgan; 0'3rien, Page, Pefry, Porrict',; Rundle, Wilkinson, -Warneck'aiid Yoxall ; emergencies, Fyfe, Dobbyn and Turner. "Members .of the team are re quested to meet at: the Beechworth Post- office at 12.30 p.m'. Beechworth Stock and Shake Mau- -ket.— Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ; ending., the 4th June: — Banks — Commercial — buyers, £7 12a 6d ; sellers, £7 15s. Federal — buyers, . 56s; sellers, 57s. City of Melbourne — buyers, 85s; sel lers, 86s. Australian Freehold — buyers, 5(5s sellers, 54s. Insurance Companies: National— buyers, 123 ; sellers, 12a 9d ; sales, 12s 6d. Colonial Mutual Fire- — buyers, 4s ; sellers, 4s 3d; sales, 4s. United Australian — buyers, Is 7d ; sellers, Is 9d. Southern— buyers, 21s ; sellers, 22s. '"'Indemnity buyers, 18s sellers, 19s. Mines : Rocky' Mountain— buyers, 5s: Miscellaneous : Monte Fiete — buyers, 9s ; sellers, 10s. " Bebchwogth. Gas Co. (Preferential) — buyers, -£3 -lOs-; .sellers, £3 15s. Stanley_fLall Co. — sellers, 10s. Mutual Store--buyers. 52s ; Bellers, 53s. Coffee Tavern — buyers, 28s ; sellers, 28s fid; McCnllech Carrying Co;-lsuy,ei8, 25s;' 'psellers.--26a.---' — — — Beechworth Police Court. - On- Thursday, before Mr Foster, P.M., five youths, were charged with unlawful assault on a Chinaman named Ah Tong at Hurdle Flat on the 9th May last. After bearing the evidence,- which went to show, that the assault, was committed in what is colonially termed a " lark,"- and that only one of the accused actually took part in it, the Bench decided to discharge four of the young men, and punish the fifth by fining him £Lj ' in default, 24 hours'- imprisonment. The fine was paid. On Friday, before the P.M., James Burns, on. remand front Yarrawonga, charged with stealing a gelding, the property of . Patrick Thos. Tobin, in 1880, was again remanded to appear at the Wangaratta Police Court on the 11th inst. . The. Hon. F. Brown; M.L.C. — This gentleman, speaking from his seat in the Legislative Council oil Tuesday, compli. mented the President on the honor enn- fjrred upon him by the Queen, which reflected great credit ; also on the House. He also complimented the House on the addi'ioa it had received to its debating powers in the mover and seconder of the address in reply. As to the demands nt theDecentralisation League, one was that i he County Court judges should reside itt their districts. It has been suggested that that might be accomplished by an order, but the County Court judges were now ap pointed not only for a particular district, hut for th© whole colony. Last session a bill for the appointment ol an additional Supreme Court judge was discussed and passed. He supported it on the under standing that it would give increased judicial accommodation to the country dis tricts. (Cheers.) The Government of the day fully intended, apparently, that it- should do so. But such intention had not been realised. The judges did not consult the public wants in the country as to the days of. meeting. The cour's at Beech worth, Benalla, and Shepparton had been announced to be opened, respectively, on- the 14th, 16th, and 18th July. The criminal business was taken first, and if that took one day and a half at Bee Hi worth no County Court business could be called on because the judge would have to leave in the afternoon of the 14th for Benalla. Then at Benalla a civil case might be begun, and could not be finished because the judge will have to leave for Shepparton. Such a system tended to drive all business to Mel bourne. It prevented peiso'is from bring ing civil eases in the courts in the country. (Cheers.) The County Gout t judges gave more time to the country districts than for merly, but they also were in the habit of appointing courts in too quick succession, and the consequence was frequently re- inanets, causing much loss and inconve nience. The irrigation question was, of course, of the utmost importance. Water conservation and forest conservation must, however, go hand in hand. (Cheers.) The agreement between the New South Wales and Victorian Water Commissions, as to the Murray River and its tributaries, would have to be' very carefully considered by Patliament. If carried out, some districts on the Victorian tributaries of the Murray would never be able to irrigate, although they would be able to do so under the presenr law. There was no doubt that the local government laws ought to be con solidated. The Under- Treasihseu. — The Under- Treasurer, Mr E. S. Symotids, has deSi- nitely decided to tender his resignation as soon as possible after the close of the financial year ending 30th June. Mr Symotids is anxious that his resignation should not inconvenience the Goverment, arid he will not apply to be relieved of his duties till after the financial statement has been delivered. He has been in the Civil Service of Yictoria for thirty-five years, and for thirty of these he has been Under- Treasurer. Mr Symands in the early days of the goldfields was gold receiver at Castlemaine, and can boast of sending down to Melbourne the largest quantity of gold ever despatched in charge of one escort, says the "Telegraph." During the thirty-five years he has been a public servant he has enjoyed excellent health, and only within the past five or six years has been absent from duty (and then only for a time) from sickness. The pension to which Mr Symotids will be entitled on his retirement will be about £580 per annum. After such a long service in the employ of the Goverment, the distinction of C.M.G., which has been recently bestowed on him, come as fitting a tribute to the esteem in which he i3 held by those whose duty it is to recommend these honours. The Goverment have not yet taken any steps to find % successor to fill the office of Under-Treasurer. A Haunted Tenement. — The " Odd Man Out" in the Benalla "Ensign" writes : — I do not believe in ghost stories, although we have one circulating at present in Wangaratta. I understand a family is shifting from a building situated in Templeten-street, Wangaratta, because it is said it is haunted. The building was erected for an hotel, but has never been used for that purpose. There are some cellars to it. The persons leaving the premises aver that in the moruing some where about 3 o'clock they hear strange noises, something like tho working of machinery. It is also stated that such a vibration is caused that the bed the tenants in the house slept upon actually shook. Possibly, if the vaults were examined, the cause of this alarm might be discovered. Wangaratta Gun Club. — The regular monthly match of this club wa3 held on Friday, when two events ou the programme were shot off. The first was the third competition for Mr Maxwell's trophy ; the two first having been won by MrSharland, who is now lu England. The second match was the third competition for Mr Reid's trophy, which had been scored in the first match te Mr Rixon, and th>- stcond to Mr Crisp, both of Albury. The meeting was not numerously attended, owing to the fact that the Albury members of the club..had been - engaged with the business of .their races, which had come off on the previous day, and alBo to there having been a very large aud important .sale of land at Wangaratta. The Maxwell trophy was for seven birds, both barrels ; and 3 J B. M'Guinness having shot all his birds, land Harris having -missed his first bird, J. B. M'Guinness took first place and Harris second. In the third compe tition !for Mr Reid's trophy, Beven birds, both barrels, J. Rowe tied R. Harris with six birds each : but in the shooting off Rowe missed and Harris killed. There were also some sweeps shot off, as the day was young and the pigeons plentiful. We. never saw quicker or stronger birds, but the shooting was fairly equal to them. The great interest is concentrated in the return match to be held at Albury next week' between eight shooters from each' club. Wangaratta won the first match en their own ground, by two birds. A .Delayed Visit.— Mr Bell, M.L.C., who has charge of the Mines Department, and -Mr Langtree, secretary for Mines, will visit Wodonga, Allan's Flat, Osborne's Flat; Yackandandah, and Wooraeee, as aoon! as convenient after the election of a member for "Benambra. The visit- wasto have been paid this week or next in the ordinary course of events ; but it has been deemed advisable to- defer it so as not te interfere in any way with the electoral contest. \- -The — wlieuk of the ly EE-jioON.'-r-At the inquest- on bodies recovered from the Ly-ee-moon Captain Webber depoaed that the vessel was from Melbourne to Sydney, and . left Melbourne on . Saturday,: , 27th; May, at 12.30 p.m. She had twenty-six saloon : passengers and nineteen steerager-f forty-five in all — and a crew of forty-one, including himself; .total,"- eighty-six. Everything went well till arriving at Green Gape. : They had - fine, clear, weather, and westerly wind, with moderate sea. About 930 on Sunday night, the 30th ult. , the vessel ran on a reef; off Green Cape, right abreast of the light, not above fifty or sixty yards from the edge of the cliff. He was going on the bridge when the vessel struck. He had just been called by. the ; third officer; who was- in charge of the bridge. Ho considered She accident took place from She sheer carelessness of the parson in charge.- Everything was done by him (the captain) that could be done. T'tie jury, in giving their verdict, stated that they considered Ikatgroas neglect had been shown, but there was not sufficient evidence before them to point to the guilty person or persons. The third officer has been arrested, on a charge of . man slaughter. Resident Country Judges. — The Premier, in replying to a question in the Assembly on Thursday said that up to the present- no reply had been received from the country court judges to the request re cently made by the Decentralisation League that they should reside in their re spective districts, but he would again call the attention of the Minister of Justice to the matter. The Fere- Brigade System.— In reply to Mr Tuthill, Mr Mirnmo on Thursday in the Assembly said that the valuable report which was furnished by the committee ap pointed last session to inquire into the working of the fire brigade system through out the colony was now under the con sideration of the Government. The Member for Delatite and tee. Constable. — Mr Graves, M.L.A., com plained, in the course of the last general election, of the eondnct of Police- constabl'e- Stillard, who was said to have taken an active interest iu furthering the candida ture of Mr Graves's opponent in the constituency of pelatite. The constable repudiated the charges, and asked for an inquiry, which was recently held at Benalla by Inspector Chambers- A report was forwarded to the Chief Secretary, who has given instructions for a letter, to be sent to the offending constable, cautioning him to be more dissreet in fuiure. Parcels Post. — A few day3 ago the Premier received a telegram from Mr Graham Berry, the Agent-General for the colony, conveying the information that the British postal authorities had comple ted the arrangements with the P.and O. aud Orient companies for the parcels post be tween Great Britain aud tho Australian colonies, and that the one shilling per pound rate to be charged for the carriage of parcels between the : colonies of Grert Britain had been re-allotted in the following proportions: — Victoria to receive 5d , Great Britain, 3d, and the steamship companies 4d ; or, in other words, five- twelfths of the receipts to go to Victoria, one third to the companies, and the remaining fourth to Great Britain. Tito former allotment, of the shilling w?s 6d to Victoria, 4d. to Great Britain, and 2d. to the companies. It will thus be seen that to increase their share by 100 per cent, the companies have had to deprive both Victoria and Great Britain of Id. each, or 2d. for every shilling. The telegram has now been forwarded by the Premier to Mr Derham, the Postniaster-General, who considers the new arrangement very un satisfactory, but withholds his reply to the Agent-General for the present, should he, however, eveutually decide on accepting the new terms, the parcel3-post will come into operation oil the 1st of J ulv. Tns Northern Territory. — From Port Darwin we learn that the Govern ment Resident returned from Katnerine River on Sunday. In the Government offices are displayed many specimens gathered by the Resident. There are splendid specimens from the new leaders struck in Eleanor claim. One large speci men and several smaller ones are studded with gold. They were broken out by the Resident in one claim. Another large speci men presented by Mr Jansen to the Resi dent shows gold in hand and on the face. All of them were forwarded on Wednesday. These specimens came from Pine Creek, the present terminus of the Palmerston railway, and are gratifying evidence of gold at the terminus, as well as on the line otiailway. There is also a beautiful horse shoe specimen of alluvial gold from Snad- den's clnnn, Bridge Creek, where he and several other claimholders are earning £l 2 per week. The gold-bearing country in the Northern Territory extends from Stapleton about sixty miles south of Palmerston, down on thetablelands beyond Houschildt's and Sanders's rushes. The Government Resident also shows fine speci mens of rice grown on the Margaret. A Chinaman sowed 301b of rice and reaped over a ton. The rice is going to London to the Exhibition. The Chinese say the land on our rivers is hetter even than the of Saigon for rice. They are growing also full- grained cobs of maize on the Margaret. Two crops are gathered each year, and each crop goes, on the average, to forty bushels, or a yeild of eighty bushels u year. - . Sale of Matchlock. — We learn from a Sydney telegram that the rneehorse Matchlock has been sold for 1000 guineas to go to India. 