LOCAL AND GENERAL. . SILVER READINGS.-Why "silver readings" -any moro lhaii " golden singing*," or " liquid warolinga" ? A rose hy any othei name smells just as sweet- yet this is the fond conceit of somebody, to so call thc in ont hiv sing-song at the C.E. School-house. Anyhow, the entertainment on Tuesday night was a fair specimen of what can be done in a small way by a few ladies and gentlemen who are gifted with musical and elocutionary talent. The attendance was good, and lite programme a long one ; but we don't know whether we were bilious, or what-but things didn't seem to gee at first, though they ; improved by degrees. Perhaps it was thc uninviting air that seemed to pervade the building; or it might have been tito absence of programmes-th's time not eveu written ones were supplied. This is rough on the | audience, seeing that a piano has been pro vided by the publics' sixpences ; and, ns surrdly, a few programmes- written or pr ated-wouldn't cost a great deal. The entertainment consisted of solos, ducts vocal and instrumental-and recitations. Miss Thacker sang in her usual grund etylc, " Live's Pilgrim," and for an encore, "The Angel at tho Window," and was loudly cheered-besides being presented with a couple of very pretty hoquets. Miss Dean and Mr. Beveridge also came in for kudos for their comic duet, " Very Suspicious," ns also did Mr. Loughlin for his two sorgs, " Alice, where art thou V and "The Little Hero "-which he Sang very Widl indeed. The other duets were hy Mrs. iJaveridge and Miss Dean, and Miss D'ty ant! Mr. W. Carroll -neither of which seenipd In produce much erthusiasni. The other vocalists were Misses Primrose, Walker, Day, and Carr.ill, and Messrs. Goldsmith and Carroll. Miss Pcrrv, ns uBU-il, pleased all by her skilful pianoforte playing, beth in her accompaniments and solo-the latter being particularly good. Miss Stewart also played the "March lion . goise " very spiritedly; while Messrs. C. McDonald senr, and A- B-.Tckleinan »aye the dialogue between Brutus and Cassius with considérai!? dramatic skid -of course, wc. know the older gentleman (Brutus) very Well, and he needs no praise from ns . aud we are only too glad to he able to speak weil of tho young otic (Cassius). Wn must not omit, cither, Mr. Webber's capital recitation, " The Naughty Little Boy." «hieb he ren dered very well indeed. Miss Richard.-, Miss Upjohn, and Miss Mead- a'eo accom panied during tho rvctiing. Thc enk-rtaii; mcnt concluded villi '.lie National Anthem. L ."JS&SSJ; ftnd »il urinary eorrtpUinti p»V j manently cured with Hair Bitters. Genuine 1 «n*d> b^y Amerton Co. a*aa\ ^ WsttsyAH.«-OB .Sunday «orrifag, .fyft/.. f¡, Au$$n mill earaotHBflO **eri«l of KviíTgeli.iicSerFSo.-íin thVOliuríli í n Atoéis tnsiie^tee); in tbs tftfrnoon JIB will opa/ oct ^Idldrer?« 8srviee iiifbe ge^-rooWÍ Md fn the evening again iuthe Chuall, Ttp' tho»e »ho hwe uo tegolar place of worship .Ar] Awe »re ¿manjr; «ûch^Souple of hour» .pant in listening W thisgenüeroan can do them no harm, and way even do jgood. AM a preacher, Mr. Austin i« many removes higher than iba señera) «inj hi* voice jg good, and bit manner of dealing with hit subjects makes them sn interesting that it is a pleasure to follow him. Lust öund ty he preached on "TheBtptism of Power," the test being taken from the Acts of the Apostles, 1st chap. 8tb verse. The diso turee J was an excellent one( and the rer. gentleman rerrarVed during bis sermon that if the people were filled with the Holy Ghost, there would be no difficulty in filling the Church on Sun day B ; and a Church baptised in the Holy G líos l could never bc financially bebind handj which wns what may be fairly considered " straight" hitting. DfiAvTEßoc» SHIPWRECK.-On Monday the news reached us that the A.S.N. Com Eany's steamship, the " Ly-ee moon," b td een lost at Green Oape, on her ptssage. from Melbourne to Sydney. The " Ly-ee» moon''was a fine screw steamer of 1,202 tons gross measurement, and was built in London specially for the China trade. She was purchased by the A.S.N. Company in IS76. and has beeu running between Sydney and Melbourne and Brisbane ever since. She left Melbourne at noon on Saturday with 86 persons on board, of whom 23 adults an J 3 infants were saloon passengers, 19 in the steerage, and 41 ot a crew. A'l went well until 9 30 p.m. or. Sunday, when she struck a reef close under the light-house at Cape Green, which is ISi miles N J K from Cape Howe. At the time of striking, the third officer (Mr. Fotheringham) was in chante of I the deck-though his evidence at the Cornil-1 er'6 inquest shows that Captain Webber was I on deck also.- Webber had gone below j shortly after Fotheringham took charge, and had given the course to be steered, due north -which, he says, would hive cleared the Cape had it been followed. The Captain had been off the bridge an hour or so when the ship struck, and yet the third officer ca'led bim three-quarters of an hour before the hour named by Captain Webber. Fotheringham was unacquainted with the coast, and went entirely by the Captain's orders. The man at the wheel was dmw icd, so that it was a case of hard swearing between skipper and mate. Shortly after striking, she paned amidships, and all in the steerage were drowned, while most of those in the fore part of the vessel were saved. The number of persons swed, outof the 83 who left Mel bourne, were 15-5 passengers and 10 of the cr.-w. The breakers were very heavy where the fore part of thc ship washed up on tile rocks, and although her foremast fell over and reached the rocks, only the boatswain and three seamen got oshore by this means the others having been hauled ashore in a bowline running on a rope which had been hove to the vesrel from the shore, and it took I five hours to save tlrrtcen persons by this I method. Several b d es have-'been trashed j ashore, and an inquesr has been held ~result iu¡r in the third mate b -in^ arrested by the j police on a charge of manslaughter. This j sad affiir bas caused much excitement, b »tb in Sydney and Melbourne ; and no end of | sympathy is felt for the widows and orphans ' made by somob idy's blundering. Somebody j should be made an example of, but who is it to he ? The Captain swears one thing, the j third officer another. It is hoped, however, that a most searching enquiry will be made, and that Captain Webber will be made to squeak as well as the third officer. AK .THM REGATTA. -We are informed thal a meeting will be held at the Fitzroy Hotel on Thursday evoning, the lOth instan-, at 8 o'clock, for the purpose of electing a Committee to act in conjunction with a Com initiée at Portland, of which Mt. it. Kewell is Secretary. The objest is to arrange for a regatta, at Sackville, carly in August. POLICE.-On Tuesday, Messts. Primrose, Dunstan, and Conlan sentenced a " drunk " ¡ to be detained until the rising of the Court. , On Friday, a hawker's license was granted ! Mr. Sandercock, of Riverstone. j LOTS of fun directly. M;ss Thackor's ! hL'li-class concert, on the loth : Convent Schools' concert, with noted singers from j Sydney, on the 10th ; and lastly, the Wind sor amateur sock and buskin men, will I amuse the people of Windsor, such as they I were never amused before, ou the 2'2nd. j Outside, among the " sports," coursing will ' again eventuate nt Fairfield (Plumpton) on j thc 25th and 2f?th inst. j To restore nerve and brain waste, nothing equals Hop Bitters. Believe this, and take none but American d's. See. «- I (To thEMor of thc ffaieheelary Chronicle.) ! Sin,-I see that in your last issue, you have given some information respecting Church affairs in Riohmond. It is quite true that the Church Sunday-j school is not what it was in former years ; but without going into details, I may state j that no feast or prizes were z'wen to the children last year-as has been the custom ! lor many years-and th.tt circumstance, to- ' gethcr with the in lispositiou of the Incum- ! bent, may have caused the result to which j you refer. As regards the affairs of the Church gene rally, I um unwilling to offer any opinion, j hut think it is due to the Parishioners that the accounts-which were passed (?) on Easter Tuesday last-should be printed for circulation. For many years past this has always been done, and I do not see why so laudable a custom should not be continued. 1 understand that the concert about to take place is ti lt a " sacred " one, and fl at tho object is t< supply some deficiency in the Church accounts. Von rs &c;, A Fmnso rr THE CHURCH. Richmond, June 1st, ISSG. P.S.-A' thr meeting on Easter Tuesday was a limiU'i one, tl* appointment of Chinchwan'e s devolved on tho Primate according to thc Church Act. 