A POLITICAL TIP. By Suac VALLEY. PoLITICS are in a mixed state indeed, and as they seem to me are in a state of nines and tens, with a strong tendency to become even more mixed as time proceeds, the three knights leading three different parties all panting for office. At 10 o'clock in the morning we hear of the probable overthrow of Jack Robertson, and an hour later we hear from the telegraph messenger the crushing intelligence that' each knight is sitting in his place with' the oft repeated saying on his lips - "We are done," "we are done." At dinner time we learn the fact that Pat. Jennings and Parkes arc likely to come to an agreement; and at tea the gladtidings arrive that Jennings and Robertson are joining to form a strong Ministry. Something definite should be done, for anything would be pro ferable to the country than being tortured with this cruel suspense-anything except the return of Parkes or Dibbs to power. After Parkes deceiving us so many times, the country is quite justified in keeping him out of office. For instance, who is it who cannot remem ber the Kiama ghost, the Butler affair, the Tenter field deceit, the Argyle affair, and last of all the separation, or, as I should say, thei turn on Sir John Robertson; and as Dibbs made such a mistake in his financial, statement, it is equally justified in teaching him that a Colonial Treasurer ought to be more careful. So now, with great care, I shall give the names of the best men for the different offices: Premier and Colonial Secretary-Sir P. Jennings Postmaster-General-G. HI. Reid Minister of Lands-Sir J. Robertson Colonial 'T'reasurcr-J. P. Garvan Attorney-General-W. B. Dalley Minister of Mines-J. P. Abbott Minister of Justiee-J. Want Minister of P. Works-Garrard. Minister of Publio Instructionu-T. Slattery. Februany 16th, 1886. Out of 84 men who passed the medical examina tion for the Victorian polico force last week 60, it seems, are Victorian born, and it is said a finer lot of men never offered themselves. One Victorian is lft. din. in height, one 6ft. P'in., one 6ft. 4in., two 6ft. lin., and six 6ift. 2in. In allu , 19, or one in four, are 6ft. and upwards. Mr. Graham Berry, having resigned oflice in the Viotorian Ministry, was, at a meeting of the Execu tive Council on Tuesday, appointed Agent-General in succession to Mr. R. Murray Smith. The Victorian Minister for Lands has decided to inform the sufferers by the recent bush fires in the Heytosbury Forest that their rents will be sus pended for the present. At a small but infiluential public meeting at Tam worth on Tuesday night it was resolved to invite his Excellency the Governor to visit Tamworth ina April. The Government of New Z'aland propose to levy a propcrty tax upon the properties belonging to friendly societies. The exodus from South Australia to Victoria continues. The policy of the Victorian Government of encouraging small settlers is proving very at tractive. 