A Question of Proprietorship.' Wentworth. “ Tom this is—a—ah—gen iieman who olaimB to be the original poaseaaor of thia skeleton.” “ Ah—diBputees to ownership, eh ?” 11 That tendency,” answered "Wentworth. . “ He is, in fact, a—well, a ghoBt.’.’ ‘‘A what?" I . “ The gentleman. has been dead for some time,” put in Smilio, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wentworth. “ And while alive this was his skeleton.” 0a, come now, Smilie, what are you giv ing ns.". , “ Faofc,” said Smilie, “ just tossed this ruler through him. Try it.” • Fulmer hesitated. “ It will perhaps convince you qnioker than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in the least,” said tho apparition. Fulmer tosGed the ruler, with the same result as before. He was very short-sighted and he adjusted his eyeglasses and peered across" the table'at..the; ghost,‘who stood impassively as he had, done from the first. . V I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will . you." ). "Wentworth lit the large lamp that stood on top of tho bnreau. The gbo3t appeared an ordinary-looking man', dressed, as any man might ba. Fulmer, with corrugated brow,: gazed at him while Smilie and Wentworth felt a sort of momentary pride of ownorehip,. as if their possession of tho skeleton gave them: a kind of proprietorship in the speotre. ■ The amiable skeleton, which now, ehone white in the bright light, seemed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. “ Sit down,” said Fnlmer,111 hate to talk to a—person—standing.” , The speotre sat down; ; “Now, what use is this skeleton to yon?” • began the young lawyer, his professional in stinct getting the better of his amazement. “ That, if yon will pardon me, is ho one’s business but my own, 1 may; say I want it placed where'I will know where to find it—or' : I may eay that I don't ohooso to have it " re- ■ main'here, the snbjeet of sooffing and bon- ! tnmely. " “ Oh, you're wrong there," saidWentworth.' “ We both have the greatest respect for 'John W. Ho.is a guide, philosopher, and friend— as well as inetrnetor.” ; “ Jast let me handle this caso,” said Ful mer witlua backward wave of. hie .hand. “Now.what shall Ioall you?” “ What you please,” ; c ... “Well, we. will - say the plaintiff, Now,; plaintiff, in the first place you would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that thii is your skeleton. We deny hat it is youra.”| Wo “01 course we do,” put in Smilie, bought the body and John wired it.” ' •> i don’t mean that. The delance takes the ground that this particular Bkeleton is not the bones ol the plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgers, deceased. Now it would rest with you to prove that this was vonr skeleton, and as people are not injhe habit of having a private mark cm their skeletons, I flatter myself we would have yon right at the beginning of the oese.” _ “'Yon aro a very young lawyer,’ replied the ghost with a sort of a poet mortem snear. «<If you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the back filled with silver, and, if neces sary, Yean tell your intelligent jury the sort of cap that is under the silver to cover the nerve that onoe was there.” All the young men looked at J. W., who, as if enjoying the point made by its other self, suddenly olicked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmer with its eilent laugh. Wentworth took up the lamp and looked at the lower ^ “ Yes, Fulmer,” he said, “ that’s so." “ Well, we’ll waive that point—we Hwaive that point,", said the young lawyer, with fll affected airiness. ‘ “ I think you might as well," said the ghost “ But th(i real nub of the case would be in this: Con a man once dead lay claim to any part of tho property he owned while alive / I don’t recollect any parallel case to yours ex aotlv, but I have some knowledge of the statutes of Michigan,”. thiri modestly, and I think all the tendencies of law would he against you. When a man is dead there is no question but that his next of kin have the right to oremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely done in first-class society. Now the point I would make before a jury would b3“ rbaveno wish to discuss law with yon. I have demanded the skeleton and 1 propose to have it whether you. are willing or not. “ juBt write that down, hoys," said Fulmer. “ He hints at burglary.” _ “ See here,” said Wentworth, "yon are not the man we dissected. 'I believe yon re a frS“ Do you?” returned the ghost. "I'lleon vined you in order to save myself further trouble. I can take any one’s form. F« instance, that of a rising lawyer." And with that the figure before them was an exact counterpart. of young- Fnlmer. The next instant the ghost was himself agaia. “ By jova,” said Smilie, “what a splendid lightning ohange artist he would make.” \- “ Say,” said Fnlmer, “ what would you take for a night at the big hall? Yon oonldper eonate the head of the University and Bing, • I! want to be an Angel ’ with, splendid “I am in ho mood for ohaff," said the specter, severely. “Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?". „ “ Let him have his old bones,” said Smilie. “I oertaioly will not,” cried Wentworth. “Why, Smilie, I had to drill 150 holes in that skeleton. No, air I J. W. Stodgers remains hero." , “ Remain is good,” said Fnlmer. “ Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired of the fight just give that Bkeleton a deaent burial.” With that tho ghost was gone. " So long,” oried Smilie. “ What are yon going to do, Wentworth? It’e yon and the ghost, it fieeins." : “ Do ? Why, keep J. W., of course.” Next day tilere waB an astounding eharge against Wentworth. A passenger coming up from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from fhe station by a student been robbed if two ethers coming giong_ not frightened the culprit, who esoaped. Nothing bat Smilie’s solemn oath that Want worth was asleep at the time—it was Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was scandalised' as it oame from church by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The professors hanled him over the coals, and it was in vain that he protested he bad spent the day worthily, trying to catch fish np the river. He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him as he oame in, he seized the ruler and smashed in tho trap door jaw. The ruler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its spectral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend class. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had jost taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names prepara tory to a “ quiz" when an unearthly yell at tracted all eyes to the top tier of seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There stood Wentworth on the back of the highest seat. “ One, two, three, look oat for me,” he shouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of the seats, jumping over the stu dents’ heads, hopping lightly on the “ enbjeot” that lay covered np on the revolving plank, then sprang among the lady Btndents who, scattered screaming, and thenoe np to the top of tho opposite tier. “Now for a jump across the arena. Nover attempted by anyone ontside of this oiroas.” “Catchhim,” shouted somebody. “He’s insane.” At that Wentworth made for the narrow stairway, Smilio and another after him. He beat them easily across the campns and ent ered the door of bis boarding place. When the two students burst into the room they found Wentworth sitting doefully look ing at the damaged front of Stodgers, and he swore he had not been ont that morning. Next day he got notice ol dismissal from the University. As he eat by his window stubbornly refus ing to be conquered by a ghost, and yet aware that perhaps some' people wonld not believe the whole story if he told it, he saw his double on the opposite side of tho street; “ By George I" he cried, Fll have it out with him. ‘ If they ede ns both there they’ll believe my story. : He seized the ruler .'and started ont. The ghost looked behind him, and then it too had a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postoffice the ghos$ came suddenly np to a group of men,'hit ont right and left with the club, struckVpoliooman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. The crowd panned. As it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was in the hands of the outraged constable. r From the lockup the dejected young man wrote to SimHo.: For my sake, buy a cemetry lot and bury John W. Stodgers, charging the cost to me. . - Yours. WXNXWORTH. That ended the fight. Wentworth, I regret to say, is not the first student who oame to grief by letting spirits get the better of him. 