A Preliminary Cap Caster. The Gap entries are published, "tittle doubles " opened, and for the next five months the slightest tidings of tire health, performances, and general appearance of each of the hundred and forty odd- horses encaged in tire big race will be eagerly coiuicd ei.il criticised by half usiraj.o. Already, a- I have ssi,l, scrcral hooks ; ha- s 'wen opened "n the Derby ami Cut' ' "..I two Cur-s, and " the ticubic,, ; !ir,(! liou We" ps.rt of she I'usinff- i _ it in f uj , tving. Or.e enterprising i little fielder iei!:- mo thnt be ha? alr.e-ly laid eighty i ,ld w-ys at tuo'isr.ml' u> | two, and as he bus laid ,evjy..\ ' j ' which have- not f-ti.r -".m-,- - ' he j has still five months ebcad of him i. which j to "graft," he bids fan- rc dos ing ' . c 3 j Tm!y Australia is a iiijc country f?r t' e ! coc;g,-i:c fielder, a cd i<" grcleful. he doubt- j les.. -.icroutly -thanks ftoc for having ! vested Ceotain ' 'ri- an.i ' ' T - ' , ' | iwsiner:. '' ,vj-. Iaio v ".derv - " j way from slus year's 21.uuurnc t-og, ' - entries for which, I am sorry to see, are veiy much smaller than the liberality of the club would justify. This, I think, is traceable to two sources. There are fewer really first-class horses in trai ' v , at present than at any time daring the ' five years, and the depression preva . j in squatting circles hits necessitated ti - | exercise of the most strict econom the part of several erstwhile bwne v r- racehorses. I am told on the mo: l - liable authority that there are now -i properties of the value of twenty ' . j sands and upwards in the market th . j any period. during the past decade. ' probably contributes to, if it doe : I account for, the want of milk ii> cocoannt. . The first names that a backer '---vY ! probablylookforontheCuplistofe - - are those of Commotion and Malua - ; of whom are nominated this ye:- i notice that The Plunger, who has noi I -vn I seen in public for about eighteen m . -i ., I is entered, and the name of Boolki ' -j j has been laid by for over two .'u', ?, | also meets my eye. Mr. Miller to : that Boolka's shonlder has given .::m .i ! good deal of tronbleof late, but, 'i-:i a i bit of luck, he hopes to bring the -v <i : Glorious to the post in the : yrr j ! Another cripple — Coronet — who is "w T. Wilson's stable at Ballarat, is at ong t the nominations, so I presume lie L - getting on his legs again. Promt th.-.-s, ! Plausible, and Myles-na-Coualeei vie-- | of whom at one period of his «er- ! has been under a cloud, bwiv: !- i the suspicion of the possession of s | leg or rheumatics, are all ncmi- j nated, as is also Velocipede, 'vl-o ' when I saw him last, could nut - o :: . I much less race, the son of Fei: - ". — who, I think, bHr the ac- - i, j would have ..won the Viotoriai. l" ' Cnp — having injured himself very I .vil:y in ms box. There was subsequrutiy some little difficulty abont money m -: '.?? . and a bailiff put in an appears! . k . Kensington one morning with as 1 for the delivery of Velocipede, -- in; -. ! that time was in charge of tha. i.u : j deserving, but most unlucky, of , r, fa-aiuers, Steve Mahon. "f wan: li: 'ere 'oss Velocipede," gruffly den.. the bailiff. " Very good, sir," st ' i : old Steve, " p'raps you'll be so f. j. i to give me a hand to carry him - he certainly can't walk." It's . necessary to add that Vclocipi - maincd in his box, where, for ;. know to the contrary, he may be ing now. I know he was afterwa: - as he lay in the stable for a mere somcthinglike thirty pounds, I thir. his appearance amongst tbe Cup cai is, under the circumstances, so surprising. 'Twill be a veritabh rection if he ever gallops in a 1. - again. The Sydney division look very dangerous, the Hon. James White being, as usual, stronsly represented — this time with Trident, Monte Christo, Volcano, and Tempe. Amongst the other N.S.W. cracks the names of I Cerise and Blue, ChesUam, Crossfire, Honeydew, Cairo, and Dunlop stand ont prominently. A Tasmanian owner — Mr. O. Krushka — nominates four, neither of whom have, on recent performances, a ghost of a show. The Hon. William Pearson has three representatives, in cluding old Commotion, Black Snake, and Opal— a magnificent colt by Wellington. Of the other Victorian owners Messrs. M. Lougblin, J. Crozier, J. Wilson, jun., S. Miller, and S. Gardiner have each two nominations. Sir William Clarke has three, andMr."J.G.Heid"four. NewZealand is represented by nine, including the big guns. Nelson and Trenton, the disap pointing Liverpool, Winchester, and five others. I notice (hat the name of the sensational St. John, who last year did all the swallow-catching on the ground, is now conspicuous by its absence ; and I also miss Claptrap from the list. The weights appear on the 28th inst., and ik. following ten horses are, in 'my opinion, likrfj-to -flgrro Htjilic top. of iLo handicap : — Mains, Commotion, Trenton, Sheet Anchor, Nehon, The Plunger, Sandal, Cerise and Blue, Grace Darling, and, perhaps. Duration. In the Canlfield Cup most of the Mel bourne Cup horses are engaged. It is worth noting that, after the fatal accident to Donald Nicholson in last year's race, when Cracknell, E. M'Gnde, and other riders sus tained severe injuries, several owners declared. their intention of never allow- ing any of their horses to race again over the V.A.T.C. "heath." In the list of nominations for the next Cup, to be run at Canlfield in October, the absence of the Hon. James White's name is notable. The Hon. W. JL Long, whose horse Lord Exeter poor Donald mas riding when that popular jockey ease to grief, has, however, entered three — viz, Honeydew,' Crossfire, and Maldclina. ' ' ' There is an even -greater percentage : of creeks than usual in this year's Cap,'' and, oat of the hundred and forty- three nominated, there are- possibly not sore than forte who posses a thousand -to-one chance of winning. 