An Unmasked Card-Sharper. < THE 6T0BY OF A YOUNGMAN WHO WAS < DETECTED CHEATING AT A CLtTB. They were discussing the'latest scandal. A jouqg man of good connections had been ignominiously expelled from a club. Playing in collusion with^ a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable sum. " And has he killed himself ? " asked some one. "Bah!" replied another. "Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? It was difrent in the good old times." " In the good old times, as you call them," said old General Boy, " those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may hav^ been among those who were detected at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their r degradation. Ah, it is so easy! When respect for his own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the wayj I can tell you of a curious case in pointy where the hero' blew out his brains, but it was not suicide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: "' It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to-day, and eensatianal news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scandals, but the scandals were less known. In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuous, but the fear of publicity is certainly, a great check. Among" "the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the scandalous ^gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentleman attached to the king's household. I. shall call him the viccmte Roland. The name was an illustrious one; in fact, the vicomte was the fruit of one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. General Comte Roland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters o! history, had -married the daughter of the Marquis de Bransac, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of France. His son was then about twenty-six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one. of the handsomest men in the army. He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. Having loved her husband pasionately, the countess was now wrapped up in her son. " The extravagant life led by the son had caused a quarrel between the parents. The countess lived in the Bransac Hotel, one of the finest ia the'Faubourg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himself in a little chateau in the forest of Senarfc, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill-treated his wife, but it was utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between the general and his wife two terrible Eeanes. " The fir-it was caused by an idea which took possession of tha coimtes3. She found this name ' Roland ' ioo plebeian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the king's'authority to add to is that of Da Bransac. The general energetically refused. " ' My name hag suSiced for mc-, 1 said he, ' for me who have made it famous. It will do for this fine gentlemen, my son. If he aces no!; find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' " The second sc≠ was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this li'tlo affair. The general brought the son bsfore his mother and roughly reproved him for his folly. Instead of supporting her husband, tbs countess made excuses for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. " As the general told his-son that his fortune was not Bufficient to maintain such scandalous absurdities, the countess unhappily iiiterjGctcd: " Oh, the foitane of the Da Braasacs will amply eufiles for him. " She had cot calculated the effect of her speech. Ail hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end v of a week the family notary informed the countess that her entire personal fortune wa3 at her disposal. The separation was complete, and the general lived alone on the fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he received from his own fortune. " The son made ducks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six nionths the countess was hale ruined, end the energy of the notary alone saved her from her eon's extra vagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten years older. "The vicomte, after a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apartments in the JJue .de la Chaussea d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler "on the pension of a thoueand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It would be little to-day; but at that time it,enabled a mau to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, ths theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth could amuse themselves. " One evening when the Vicomte Roland, ifter having won a considerable sum from one. of his friends, offered him his revenge, his opponent rone, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. ' "' Well, no, Roland,' said he; ' what with your luck with women and- your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one man. 1 . "Roland,-though somewhat choleric, demanded no explanation, and contented him-, self with laughing. "Some days after, the Prefect 1 <of Police announced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do not 'know. AH that is known of the affair is that they returned together to Paris. " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, -the vicomte was seated at a table playing ecarte. He had just- won ten successives games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been Introduced at the club by one of the members. Roland had a considerable sum before him. The loser had just risen, and before leaving the table had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. "' Will the Vicomte Roland permit me to iake the gentleman's revenge ?- ' " The young man paled. It was his father. " * As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless fcr you to say that it is too high. Raad.' And the'general handed him a note folded twice. " The vicomte glanced over it, and_shudlered visibly. "' Do you accept ?' " He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his eon, cut a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it was the vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes; nevertheless, he played on. The general won again. " The vicomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said : "'In an hour, sir, I shall have "acquitted myself." " He left the room without another word. "On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Roland. His head-was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words : The laser will blow out his brains. " The pretended Englishman was an accomplished card-sharper, sent by 'the Prefect of Police. The three bows had been the sign 8geeed upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. " The gams was -one for life and death between father and son. Both were 'dishonored—the son by his own act, the father by the son's. But this dishonour was a secret, which threatened to become an open shame. Death could stifle it—the son's death or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The price of thesgeneral's secrecy was his son's life."— Translated from the French of Edouard Sicbecker. 