THE MERCURY. FRIDAY, FEIiliUARY SO, 1SSG. THE directors of The Mount Bischoff Tin Miuing Co. met at the Compmy's office ycsttrdcy afternooD, and declared the hundredth dividend paid out of this now celebrated mino Since its formation this company has dug out of the earth, in a part of this island altogether unknown fifteen years ago, wealth to the value of over a million and a quarter sterling, and has paid to its shareholders in dividends over £GOO,000. Upon BUCII an auspicious occasion, tlioio interested in tie development of our mineral re- sources may well take heart o' grace, for there isnoauswer that will silence the ques- tion prospectors often put to one another around the camp fire, " Why should not other Bischoff* be found ?" Failures wo have had, on the West Coast and elfe where, that are sufficient to depress specu- lation in mineral prospects. Mines of great promise, like the Orient and the Anchor, have failed to realise the hopes their ehareholders formed of becoming rich beyond the dreams of avarice. Spurts of brilliant promise, such as took place at Mount Cameron and Mount Victoria, have died away, and people have almost forgotten the fever of speculation they en- gendered. Not a few mines in which people, with a great haste to be rich, in- vested money they could ill afford to spare turned out to be fiascos, to say the least of them, and prob ibly there were persons interested in their initiation who ought to have subsequently taken their places in the criminal dock. Despite all these failures and disasters we have two of the best mines in Australasia, and in that fact there is every hope for the future. It is a trite saying that there are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught, and discoveries may yet be made that will eclipse the success of the Tasmania and the Bischoff Companies. There is a great deal of force in the .old French proverb "Nothing nueceeda like BUCCCBS," but the management of the Bischoff Co. are fully entitled to their suc- cess by reason of the able manner in which its affairs have been conducted. From the first nearly all of the directors were fully confident that the property was an exceedingly valuable one, and came to the conclusion that it required to be developed on a scale commensurate witb the high'hopes entertained of ¡ the character and "extent of the wealth lying in it. The company were fortunate in obtaining the services o£ Mr. H. W. F. KAYSEH as mining manager, for he brought to the great Bischoff claim abili'ies of an uncommon order, and, beyond the great measure of success which' has attended his plans for developing the mine, he has Bared the company large sums of money by his skilful Ingenuity as an engineer in other and almost equally important works. In fact the Company is either io be compli- mented upon the selection of all its tffi cers, or to be congratulated .upon its good fortune in having secured them, and the shareholders have with commendable liberality matlted this 'inportant period of their success by a handsome bonus to all 'their officers. But though Dame Fortune has visited the Bischoff mine, and to nil appeirauces lus decided to permanently signify tier go dwill towards the share- holders, it must not be supposed that BUC CBES was attained by any royal road to it, or that those accept- able ten (hilling dividends which come to tho ehareholders every month started with the formation of Ike company. Like nioBt mining »peculations the liiscluifl* tt'unt through a period of s rugglo, the length of which sometimes brought doubt to the hearts of the shareholders. Not that the tin was absent, for that was obtained from the start, nor did a Bingle shareholder ever suspect that the mine could not be made to pay well ; but the difficulties were considerable, and the directors.! with n si cady coiifidenco in tho ultimnto result, did not hoaitato to spend money up-'n tho claim. As noarly all of our readois aro aware, this valuable pro- perty ,was discovered by Mr. JAMES SMITH, or "Philosopher SMITH," ns tho residenls of tho North-AA'ist Coast lóvo to dcBignato him, and tho ititcrcsliug oircuaislances connected with Mr. SMiin's prospecting dajs would make a fitting nddition lo Mr SMILE'!) list of heroes who have struggled through difficulties to famous discoveries and inventions. In 1873 the prospeotuB of tho c impany was issued, oucriug Mr. SMITH'S two 80-acro sections to the pub'ic. Tho company was formed in 12,000 shares of £5 each, 4,400 of which, accounted fully paid up, were reserved to the proprietor, who also re- ceived £1,500 in cash out of tho 15s. per share paid upon the 7,G0O sharos taken up by the public. The company, thereforo, commenced operations in September, 1873, with £6,700 to ils credit and subse- quently a call of 6s. per share was made. From this timo, and until the 31st January, 1878, a little over four years, every ounce of tin takon out of tho mine went towards paying for its further development. Moro oTor, on the 14th of May, 1875, tho directors sought for and obtained tho power to borrow £15,000 in tho face of considerable opposition on the part of a Bociion of the shareholders. This was necessary, not only for the development of the mino, but to obtain money for tin they frequently held, the difficulties of trouait from the mine to any port of ship- ment being so great that the directors wore often in want of money, while tons of tin had beon lying for months at tho mine waiiiug for the roads to dry up. This power was operated on to the fullest extent, and at one time the direc- tors had overdrawn their account to the amount of £30,000. During these years the management was often called in question ; the papers wero frequently made the medium of complaints that were no doubt seriously felt by some at the time ; meetings were not so satisfac- tory in tone as during late years, and the discussions at them were sometimes cha- racterised by a great deal of warmth. In three years, or a little longer, after the commencement of operations, the directors had spent £100,000. During tli9 time the shares, now quoted at £50, had been changing hands at £2 and £3. The discoverer himself had parted with a considerable number at thoBe figures, besides giving numbers away to friends and people he desired should have Borne. But in the fact that, through all, the shares were a long way above original cost, and were sought after, wo see that tho future was felt to bo sure. Very early iu 1878 the end the directors had in ¡view was achieved, and the mine was by that time well opened out, and the material was being operated upon by ingenious appliances to separate and save the ore. Then those divi- dends, which havo kept up at intervals of little less than a month ever sioce, were commenced and the shares steadily rose in value, with but slight fluctuations, while AVara tah rapidly grow into a town of consider- able importance. The district of AA'aratah, which now contains a population of 2,000, haBbeen entirely made by theBischoffmiue. Its hospital, its institute, and all the more prominentmarksof itaprogreBS,arodirectly connected with the mine. In all proba- bility it will be the first town in Australia to bo lighted with electricity, as the inhabitants have requested the com- pany to' BUpply them with the elec- tric light, and if the company decides upon obtaining the authority of Paliaraent to enable it to do BO, the tchome will probably be extended by the creation of a town board to obtain the light from the com- pany, illuminate the streets, and supply the inhabitants with private lights. 'J he mine when in full work employs 400 men at Bischoff, besides 30 at the smelting works in Launceston. At the mine the fortnight's pay-sheet amounts to £1,800, and at the Bmeltirg works £150. 5 he total amount of ore obtained up to dato is 23,800 tons, and, when the weather per- mits, the manager can turn out 250 tons a month. Since its formation, and up till the end of last jear, the company has sptnt under the head of working account £015,008, and £77,500 upon plant, besides other expenditure not included under those two headings. In April, 1880, this wealthy company had to submit to the direct taxation impoBed when the Colony's financial troubles caused the TRKASUHEU to look about for means to bring up the revenue, and Bince the 22nd of that month up till the time when the tax is I aid on the hundredth dividend, it will have paid to the State £19,125 in the form of divi- dend tax. Three dividends of £1 and ninety s¿ven of ten shillings each have been paid, being equal to £51 10s. per Bh«ro net, clear of dividend tax. Alto- gether, the grand to'al of £018,000 has been pud to the shareholders ef this company with a nominal capital of £00,000, of which only £7,000 has over been taken out of the pockets of the shareholders. This fact is almost unique in the history of speculative in- vestment, and it ¡B doubtful if there are half-a di. zen companies in the world where the capital really invested bears such an enormous disproportion to the actual returns. The leases of the two original sections of 80 acres each, upon which the company has paid tho Govern- ment about £500 for rent, were taken up by Mr. JAMES SMITH, and are dated re- spectively 1st November, 1872, and 1st April, 1873. Since the turn in ita history the Bischoff Co. has also acquired by transfer the following leaBos granted upon the dates given. The Käst Bis- choff T.M. Co., 80 acres, 29th November, 1870 j Wheal BiEchoff T.M. Co., 80acreB, 21st May, 1874 ; ISorth Bischoff Valley T.M. Co , three leases of 80 acres each, 21flt May, Cth July, and 28th August, 1874; aud AVaratah T.M. Co., 80 acres, 20th December, 1880. All of these leases are for a term of 21 years, and subject to a rental of five shillings per acre. By the 29th section of tho Mineral Lands act, 1874, there is a provision for the renewal of these- leases at the expira- tion of the 21 years, which in the case of the first original Bection of the Bischoff mine will come into opera- tion in November, 1893. The section re- ferred to isas follows:-"1st. Notwith- standing anything contained in any former Act, or any lease granted thereunder, any le-ssuj skill be entitled to a renewal of his lease, up >n the expiration thereof, for a further period not exceeding 21 years, upon such terms und conditions and sub- ject to the payment of euch rent, not exceeding ».-von times tin rent pre- viously paid by such lessee, as the Go- vernor in-Couucil shall think fit to im- pose, subject to the provisions of th'a Act, and the regulations made there- under. 2nd. Before the GOVEBNOK-IN COUNOIL shall lix the amount of rent to be paid kupon a renewal of hi« ; leaie under this section, the Minister "shall nomínalo" and nppoint throe Commis- sioners to assess tho amount of rent which ought in their opinion to bo' paid by such lessee, and such Commissioners Bhall repirt to the Govr.uxou-ix-CouNcli. accordingly. A STiilliiKO instance of the tendency of Colonial Parliaments to drift into Blip shod legislation has just been afforded in Adelaide, in connection with the Crimi- nal Law Amendment Act of South Australia passed lust session with the special object of nfibiding protection to young gills. It will bo remembered that agitation on tho subject partook almost of an emotional character in Tasmania, and much outside influence was brought to bear on legislators to extend the age of protec- tion well on to tha verge of woman- hood. A counter agitation also arose for the protection of beardless youths against the- wiles of dissoluto fuñíales, or the machinations of unprincipled parents seeking to entrap unwary Inds for the sake of blackmail. Proposed legis- lation in South Australia was cited as a good example to follow in this latter respect, aud the Offences against the Person Act, 1SS5, now among Tasmanian Btatutes, was only passed after much hot discussion, and some impoitant emendations of the original draft. Tho punishment for offences was graduated in severity, according to the ago of tho person offended against, and it was also enacted that the plea of consent by a young poison under the age of fourteen yeara should bo no bar to action on an information for indecent assault. In South Australia the Criminal Law Amendment Act provides for defenco of this kind, and a case has just arisen wherein the error of allowing legislation to bo in- fluenced by sentimentality or a passing popular ery has been plainly exemplified. In the first case heard under the Act some ladswcie arraigned at the Supicmo Couit, before Mr. Justico Bundey, on tho 17th ¡nst., charged willi assaulting a girl of 14\. The evidence show ed the iiBiial shocking revelations of juvenile depravity, all parties concerned being culpable, and the chief offendersetup thedefence thathohad received direct encouragement, a defence, which under tho old law, would have been sufficient to secure acquittal, but an unsuspected point arose in connection with the new Act. Section 0 provides that " no child under the ago of 1G shall bo deemed capable of con- senting, etc." Thus, in strict interpreta- tion, is swept away any valid defence of the kind. Section 4 of the same Act provides that " when the accused at the time of the alleged offence is under the agc of IG, consent of the female shall bo a valid defence. " The Crown Solicitor expressed a Btrong opinion that it could never have boen the intention of the Legislature to make the age of an accused lad a protection under one section only, and not under the other It was, moreover, contended by counsel for the accused that section 9 involved a couti adic tion of tenus, inasmuch as there can be no assault where consent is given. The upshot was that, after the Attorney-General had boen consulted on the matter, Mr. Justice Bundey diicotcd that if the jury decided that the pi osecutrix had consented to the improper conduct complained of, the prisoners must be acquitted, and acquitted they were. Leave was, however, lcscrved for argument before the Full Coulton the question as to the construction of the Act. Commenting on this unexpected issue in the operation of an Act specially devised to afford protection to those who most need it, the Ueijhter lemarks that " the Attorney General when the measure was under dis- cussion in the Assembly last year reniai ked that the object was to place boys of IG in somewhat the Birnie position as girls of the same age, and not to apply the strongest provision, .of the Bill to cases where the male was of the same agc as the female concerned. This object, it is now evident, has been only pal tially accomplished." Reverting to the Tasmanian Act dealing with this subject, thci e is satisfaction in knowing that, while silent on a point about which many legisla tors were anxious to legislate, it does not piesent the anomaly of ono clause nullifying another. PursCNT Ministerial tactics appear to be based on the principle of never doing to-day what can bo put off until to-morrow. Re- construction of the Ministry has long boen necessary-u point conceded alike by the Government and the public ; but Ministers, while admitting the necessity, take no action. Tiley pi oci astinate and evade their lespon sibilitics to the countiy until their best sup- porters are ready to cry shame. It is said, and with good authority, that differ- ences of opinion block the way, that the wishes of one member are antagonistic to thoBu of another, that neither will recede, and that the Premier, who has the power, will not cut the Gordian knot. All this is very puerile mid fctupid, because it must necessarily militate against efficient control of public business. Men at variance and in a failing house cannot work with that one neBS of spirit and unity of action which in public, IIB in private ail'aii-B, are absolutely necessary clements of success. The Govern- ment of - Tasmuniu is at present like a house divided against itself, and there dow, not appear to be one man among its mcmbeis endued with sufficient energy and directness of purpose to avert the evil of impending consequences. Why docs not the Premier, if he cannot, of him- self, solve the difficulty of leconstructlon, call upon his colleagues to join him in tender- ing their resignations to His Excellency, coupled with their advice to send for Dr. Agniiw or any one else who they may deem capable of performing the necessary duty 1 This would, at. least, be honest, which cannot be said of their present dilatory do-nothing tactics. A new administration thus formed need not nocesBiuily, and, in fact, scarcely would, exclude all the members of the present Go- vernment, while it would placo the task of reconstruction in the bonds of au indepen- dent authority, uninfluenced by cither per- sonal antipathies or personal ambitions, of which at present more than a suspicion pro vails. CAULK NKWH.-Loid Salisbury is seriously unwell, and has been ordered by his medical advisers to go abroad for the benefit of his health. The Socialist leaders who fomented the recent riots in London have been again brought up at the Bow-Btreet Police Court, and further remanded, A farewell buuquet is to be given in London early in April to Mr. Murray. Smith, the retiring Victorian Agent-General, TKLKGIUMUC.-The following notice was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday : "The North-West Coast line interrupted beyond Table Cape since 11 a.m. yester- day." DETENTION or MAIL TllAINS.-Mr. C. H. Grant, general manager of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway, notifies in our adver- tising columns that on Friday, 20th, and Saturday, 27th inst,, the up mail trains will be delayed in leaving Launceston until 10'30 p.m., and that the down mail train from Hobart on the 27th inst., will be similarly detained. The trains will be about two hours late in, arriving at Parattah, but will reach their destinations at the usual time. UNCLAIMED Tia rxiuMS.-Two messages, addressed to " W. J. Kiss, fruiterer," one to " Wincott, care of Crosby and Co," one to " Mrs. Reading, Telegraph Ollicc," and ono to "Mr. Davidson, Elizabeth street," aio lying at the Telegraph Ollicc awaiting ownci s. CüiiHECTlON. - A typographical cuor passed uneon-eoted in a letter headed "Sheep Stealing " appearing in Thursday'« ÍBBUO. The writer is made to say that " 12,000 " sheep have been stolen in four monthsiiu the Spring Bay district, instead of " 1,200." RviivvA* CoviviissioM us-Hie nipinbin of tho new 1) constituted Raihv a) und Publie \\\ Ollis Commission, accompanied h) Mi Pincham, 1 ngincei in Chief, paul a * isit of inspection )dtcnlu) to tho woiks being earned on on tho Dei went Valle* line J he) wiutupb) cvpicss tiain, and then carnage was di aw n b) the eonti iietoi s ennuie as fin as possible upon tho new line, being cou *c)edb) * eludes be) omi tiwi The) vvoie also nceompanieil b) Mi 1 alkingham, the conti ftctoi 1 ho menibei B of the commission ictuined to town by the cvpicss tiain, and *v ill meet this moi nmg Ri sut* I rum I -A pal ade of this burnell of tho sei * ice ** ns held at tho 15 ii i acl s last cvenuiL,, Col Bei nat d being in command The men *v el o i linked np mille theiobeing S1) piescnt Col Bei liai d then laid tho rules mid l cgulntions piett) plainly befoie tho men, and S3 out of thenunihci piescnt signified then intention of le joining the foi te [he cotmnnndiiiL, oflieci then ni foi mod thu corps that on and aftei Queen s Buthdii) tho piradcs vi ouhl be foi tuightl) instead of wcekl) Ho also mfoimcd tho men that thei o would bo an encampment at Lastet, ii hen those ** ishing to nttend could send in then names, and the numbei of da) s that it would bo convenient foi thom to attend, and that each man would be supplied with lations, tents, bedding, and a fieo pass 1>) the illilwa), but that no allow anco ** ouhl be made in the shape of piij lime vveio also piescnt a numboi of fresh am*als fiom the old conntr), who attended for the pin poso of joining, but ns then discharged documents fi om the corps they had sei v eil in at homo lind to be examined the) w cio asked to defei then cuiolment until next linns da) Hie new icgulations were ieccived w ith tciici al satisfaction by those pi osent Hu coi ps wcio then dismissed Di VTii oi TATHI R Hi WITT-Tho Rev Pather Howitt a nnost of tliinichdioccscof Sydne),*vho lins been living in Hobint foi somo months past for tho benefit of his health died)esleída) A solemnoflieeand Requiem Mass foi the deceased will ho celebrated m St Joseph s Church to monow morning, at 9 o clock I'XAMINVTIOK IN SORIITURI KNOW LFDi i -The annual examination m Soup turo knowledge, held mulei tho auspices of the Congregational Union, took place last evening m tlic Mcmoiial schoolroom Hie examination was presided o*er by the Re*s J W Simmons and G W Shaipe and otilas, and 04 people pioscntcd themselves foi examination in tho scmoi and junioi divisions 11 is is a linger numbei than last year, and m addition theieto threo com petitois at Port 1 speinnce, thrcoat Bagdad, and ono at Melbourne, have yet to bo ex amined Tho competition was conducted b) wiittcn pipéis, and at the eloso they vv ero all sealed up pending the teturn to the colony of the Rev G Chu ki, the elmf cxanunei, who is at piescnt absent on a boinia) Pm im Tin* oi- HoiiuiT - This rev ci end coin t met on \\\ ednesdii) last at St Johns Sehoolioom, Macquaue stitct, tho Re* James Scott being modelatoi J he Rev J Black repotted that he had uiodeiated m a call at Bothwell, Gi eui Ponds, and Apsley m favoui of the Re* J Ginrson Scott The call, which was most heal ty and iiiiani mons, containing 130 signatuies, was sus tamed and tho clerk was nistiucttd to send it on to tho mnnstei oleet In terms of a resolution armed at h) tilt, conference on fcdciation, which was held m Melbourne on June last, the Picsb)teiy piocceded to nominate the model atoi of the fiist Picsb* tenan fcdeial assembly, w Inch is to be held m S)dney on Jill) next when the Rev Dr Nish, of Sandhurst Acetona, was unani mousl) chosen, and tho clei k w as insti ueted to send notification of this to tho elei k of the f edel al assembly -Comwnimcniei/ Bl Mvon NT SOCUTV -ihevvcekl) meet mi, of the Executive Committee of tins Sonety was held)istoiday the Rev J YV Simmons presiding and there wen pi osent Messrs J B Mather, Jas Barnard, G S Seabiook \A P Brow nell, John Baily, John Hamilton und James Murdoch Hie legistnu leportcd that dilling the past week 2S eases, comprising 6(j lndivi duals, had been relieved with 17 full and 11 half ratioiiB Sixteen men weie unplaced in the wood )iird at 4d pel hour I he letuin fiom the Invalid Del) t shiiwid that 11 males and 1 female had been discharged during the p ist w eel 1 our society casts wiie in*tstignted and relieved Iluee Go vcrniiient eases weie lenewed and one eau tilled II o coinmitt e took into consideia sion the piescnt dilapidated state of the buildings It appeal-)il that the) weie m ni gent need of npair, mid Mr Seabiook was asked to picpire and lay befoie nixt miet ing a uport on tin necissai) ripanswithan estimate of the cost Ah ELIII RL* Bl NI wer -J he cases sub nutted ) csterday for the tonsidei ition of the Executive |Conimittec of the Binevoltnt Sontty included an applnation fiom John Coopti, Hij.Ii stitet, foi nssistanci lu pa) ment of his rent It was Btatid that Cooper had bein a long time on tin books and that a little ov ira year ago he mai ned a ) omi/, w oman of 27 )tais, who dad) ex pected to be a inothci Hie membcis shook their heads sadly over this unexpected glowth of piupensin, but fmlily ayeed to allow the old fellow and hiSN)ouiiL, wife and fainilv ds pel week, at the sime time ex Citssing tho hope that the finn ii) would not t further added to Pi-xNi DISMHS ion POOR CHU UKIN - Hu Chamiiau of tin Exteutive committee of the Bciiivoluit Sonet) bl ought up tho question at the weekly meeting jcstcida* of the dean ability of sointthiiiL, being ilono towaids providing the childi m of the poor with a t,ood Bquaie meal onie a dil) at u cheap late Heiefcired to the institution of those dimitís lu London, anil to Hit gi eat buitess that hud attended thtm tho tom nuttie of manaeiiueut time billie, able to Buppl) an ample dinnei to tin ) oimg folks al one half penn) w ith a pi ofit i hu com nutlet weie also enabled to sill tickets to the ehai itahl) disposed at the i ute of "is pel 100 and tilt purihastis distiibuttd them to necessitous children Mt Bai mud asked the Chan man if lit had au) sthcint topiopose Hie Ghan man said that if the Society waa ayeeablc, he pioposed to tiy the plan as an exreument foi ont week duiui^ the winter He thought th it a L,ood diunn iniL,ht be piovided for one penny Hie members generally setmtd fav orably dispostd tow ai ds the ldta BU'LCTS 01 PUK MlLlSOlRNL A\ HARK LAiiouiii RS'STWKI--lhat tho disiiHtious efltct of tin Milbouine wluif labourers' strike was not confined to the A'lcboriun capital, but pcuttiattd to the other colonies, was txeinphhed at the inciting of the Lxeiutive Committee of the Btnivoltiit Sociot) )esttrday lho rigistrai biotujit uudu notne tin tase of tlutt )ount, ftllows who npplied for íeliof iliey bulongid to Dunedin, New healan 1, ami then stoiy *v as that dui HIL, the strikt they w ire indutid to mya a tin ti months' agrtennnt, pin pott nig to be with HI*irai stiam shipping, tom paints, promising a tinto months int,a¡,t mint Hit) aitoidingi) Mint to Melboutui, but on the stnk» tu initiating tiny found no woik to do Hie) took advice us to cufoic nig then abutment in Melbourne, bul were lnfoimid that as it waB Blotted in Dimtdin, they would nquiii to ittuin to that town Tiny had corni to HOIMI t as stow aw a) s, and represented thimsiHis as destitute, and weie ttautod food and sheltei bv the registrar 1 he committde appt ov ed of w hat hud been dnuu and lift il m Hie hands of the registrai to oudeavoui to get them shipped off to New Zealand on the fiist opportunity NA* AL IFMPLARS li A-Last evening the members of the Metropolitan Lodge of Good Templars gaicaiiiobt enjo) able tia and couteit m Chalmers Hall, Bathtust street, to the members of tho Naval Bngade who belong to the Good Jcmplar order Fifty members wearing Her Majesty's uni form attmdod, and thty wore joined by as man) civilian fuends lea was purveyed m good style by the young ladies of the order, and thu oaf tor an agiecablo and div treifiod programme of music and reuta tions was gone through undei the piesi demy of Mr George white ftoiigs, leeito tiona and duetts were given, and thoioughly apprtciatcd, the blue jaektts toiitnhutmg a full share to tho evenings ainusomtnt Addresses were i,i*cn by the Rev Mx Meriunanand others, and tath membci of the na* al forco present was presented w ith a book and a bunill of flow trs I lit books bore tiie following instilption - \\\ ith tin best wishes of the officers and inimhcis of tin Metropolitan Lodge, I 0 G J , U W (. Lodgi of tho AVoild Hit evening was thoioughl) cnjo)ed by the blue jackets CONGI ar AT HIL Hosi ITAI -A vei\ plea sj.nl aud eujo)able toncci t was yiumiinii of tlioiooms of thi new building in < ounce turn *\ith the hospital list evcniii-, hs the JOUUL, ladies utttnding tin I adits Collide, Muwjuiiiic stittt Hie whole of the patients who were able to attend witt prtstnt, lo giithci with the muht« and ofhu )i>, and nil weie hi0hl) plcasol with the iiiteiUiininenl, which was a bullit lehtf to tin lull mono ton* of hospital lift HtoN lunn lowi i.» Assotiviios - Public meetings uiidti the uuspnis of this ussotiatioii und to which all fiiut{,ioweis art invited, will be hold as follows -Gee* c8 Town Hull, on Satuidtiy, 1 tin uni) 27, at 2 JO, franklin Hall, same date, at 8 o'clock, and at Port Cyguet Hall, on Monda), M al eli 1, at 2 30. MAMIIIS CiiiiHT -Illa onlj biisim ss nt this Court }cstcidiiv, «IIB a liumbii (if utide fended into eases, which «eio disposed of ni tho usual nimmel Cm Ponei COURT-At tho Cil} Police Couit }csteida} the bench was occupied b} the Police Magistrate (Mi \\\ InikUin) and Mi Audley Coote, .1 P. Alficd Ululo and \\\ llliuin Wallace, foi di nuken hell mom m (lie publia ntl cots, w ci o each lined 5s, « ith the option of scv cn da} s in pi ison John (tilling, chni gul with having ii is tin lie 1 tho peace, was lund r>s,v\ith tim option of going seven diiv H lo pi ison Arthur \\\ Pi leo was charged with having on tho IHI Dcccnibci last failed to piy £) foi Ins maintenance and tieituient ni tho (icnciul Hospital lile cuse «as adjoin ned m oidci that evidente ns to Ins ability to pi> should be led Ruth Sly «as cliiuy.il with having assaulted Maigaiot Bioolt in bel houso in Mel ville sticct She pleaded not guilt} Evidence «asgiveu at length, fiom which it appealed that the distill banco was caused b} a ncujiboui H quand, and that defendant pulled plaintiff about by tho han lins «as contradicted b} the witnesses foi the defence, but tho chaige was found pi oven, and a fino of 20s and costs was mi posed, w ith the option of a mont h s mipu soument AleMiudei Leo, a negro, was charged vv ith ha\ mg, on the 1 Gili inst , at Ridgway, stolen a silvei walch and ii 7s Gd ile pleaded not guilt} Challes \iin stiong saul that ho and pi lionet and some other men occupied n hut at Rulgvv ay, w bei o they w ci e w oi king at tho Watoi vv oi ka On the morning of tue 10th mat ho left his waistcoat with Ins watch and monc} in it in tho hut, mid on his ictuin in the evening ho found thom gone Witness told tho other men w ho w ero standing outside of his loss Ft isolier was there, but said nothing Wit ness was to co to Broad Mut ah nc\t morn mg, and pnsonci was to acconilany linn, but did not tuin up at tho station, and they went without lum Ho did not givo ne cased any authoiitj to pinn Ins watch Samuel Mooie, oveiseci at tho WntciHoiKs, saul accused vv as one of a pal ty of men w ai k nig at tho Watenvorks Hie otheis went away on the morning of the 17th but ac cuscd icinained behind, and he sa« lum go into the bush, and then entere 1 the hut James Sargent, pawnbioker, said accused came to pawn tho watch, and ugiecd to tako lis Y\ ltness looked at tho police upoit, and found that the watch eoiiespolíele,d with onoi eported to bo stolen He looked out for a policeman to give bun ni chat gc, but could not see ono, and accused then demanded the vv ateh oi Ins money He put lum off as long as possible, and nt lafíi witness used abusivo language, and wont awa}, leavmg the watch in tho shop Hie Police Magistrate found the elmige pioven, and, describing tho theft as a mean omi sneaking one, jiassed seutenco of six months' im pi isonincnt \\\ illinin Wai l cn « nu licensed of having on tho 11th inst diivon a hoi se > okctl in a cab in a fui mus manner He pleaded guilt}, stating in excuse that Ins liol nea had got bo} omi his conti ol Hie Police Magistrate Bind it w as a dangorous practico, and imposed a fine of 10s and costs, oi go to pi ison foi scv cn da} s Joseph Jackson pleaded guilty to hav mg committed a Bimilai offence, and was fined 10s and the costs, « ith tho option of scv en du} s in gaol Linaiiucl Steere was chaigcd with having stolen a horse at Kingston, the piopcrl} of Chailes Ha7ol Detective Pi auklm said how as piesent when Steere was brought into the police station, and stated that at cu»t»l made a rambling statement to the effect that ho had ncvcr seen the horse, or novel «as on New Norfolk roul with it Accused was then committed for ti ml at the next sessioi of the Súpleme Court GLLVOKCHY POLIÜL COUKT -Mr C Ball (Winden) and Mi \\\ Murra}, JI',weie m attendance at the Glenru eli} 1 olice Court jcstcida} Inspector Chalmers proceeded against Win Stump for allow mg Californian thistles to grow upon his propcit} Hie defendant pleaded guilty, anti « as lined 03 and 7H Gd costa \\\ m P Smith was also proceeded against for a suuilui ollcnee He pleaded not guilt}, and conducted his o« n defence Hu inspector gave evidence to tho effect that he had found a nuiiibei of Californian thistles going to heed upon the giound The defendant coutende 1 that the giound was as elcai as it could be possibly made, that he had pieviously been fined foi a Hinulai offence, and that theie «nsu quan ti ty of Clown land in the neighbourhood of his piopeity upon «Inch the thistles «ere allowed to ilouiish Ile called I rancia John Smith, «ho deposed that the giound foi which defendaut was being pioeeeded aguiustvvas ncvei so eleui duuug the thistle season as it was at piesent Ile could not swear that the seeds (produeetl) did not conic from the land in question but tlicro w eie any quantity of thistles feiow nig on the Clown lands lu the vieuutv Ile had assisted the defendant m getting all the Hustles cut that blossomed on his lund Hie défendant had been pieviousl} lined foi a simihu offence on the Kith January, and tho thistles must have been growing then After a protracted aigumcnt between the Wai den and the defendant the ease «as adjourned «Mc die, m oidci to get the opinion of the law ofhccis of the Ciown on the point IIB to whether a person waa Iiablo fiom day to day for the thistles which gie« ii)ion his piopeit}, oi whether hauitgliccn once fined for tho offence, a pei sou could again bo pt o ceeded ayuiist Arthui Poi lei w as chai gt d with having assaulted Win Jenkins at the Club Hotel, Gleuoiehy, on the lilli 1 ebrti aiy Hie defendant pleaded guilt} Iiom the statement of the pioseeutot, ii appeals that on the day m qitcBtiou he had occasion to leuiove defendant fiom his hotel uti ac count of lus notons bchav iota Defendant challenged lum lo fight, and upon his le fusing to do so, ho stiuck lum with his list The Bench inflicted a fine of £3 and costs, oi one month'« linpiisonment Upon a fuithei ebal go of distuibing tho peace Paikel was fined £1, or 11 dajs' mipiisoii meut Petei Connolly w aB chut god b} Sub inspector Hmitei with distuibing the pciee He was fined 10s and costs, oi 14 da}»' nu piiBonmeut As theie was u long list of eouv letions against the defendant and his wife, commencing in 1S7U, and mostly com nutted thiough the agency of intoxicating liquois, the Bench decided to issue an older piolubiting publicans fiom suppl}iug oithei Couuollv oi his wife with liquoi Hie court then i oso Tur PiioimiiToni CLAISI -Hie piolu bitoiy clause of the now Licensing Act was put in foi co at the Glenorchy Police Court yestciday against an old man namul I'etei Connolly and his wifo, who aie in the habit of indulging too ft eely in the flowing bowl, undine wasting then catato, i nunn« then health, and dustioying the peace iindliappi ness of then fiunil} J lie clause) is found veiy effective in small imimcinilitics vvlieie the number of hotels is limited, and the icsi dents w eil known PKTTV TUHTATUII BAI us-A coi it spon dent, "Honesty," writes -"Will j ou kindl} allow me space to wain batheis fiei|ueiiting the baths to walch then clothes while bath mg, as I and a in end had a pin se and other ai tides stolen willie wo wcicm the «utel No blame is attached to the piopnetoi of the baths, but no doubt he will do his best to put a stop to it, and make an rxamplc of the offenders if ho catches them ACCIDENT -Last evening, about 9 o'clock, Patrick Manion, a sergeant of the Reserves, was run over by a waggonette in Argyle street, and taken to the hospital, where it was found that he had sustained a slight scalp wound. The wound was dressed, and he was taken home in the vehicle which had run him over, though the driver tried to get out of the work by saying he had nothing to do with it. The officials at the hospital, however, maintained that he had brought the man to the institution, and he would have to take him home again, which he accordingly did, much against his will. A check should at once be put on the reckless driving which is so often observable in the streets of Hobart. PitoirniY SAI ES-A number of pioper ties wero yesterday exposed for sale by auction nt Roberts' auction mart There was a large attendance, but only tin ce of the lots found purchasers, the lcseivc in tho olliei eases not being i cached The shop and dwelling house in Mulray street, occu inetl by Mrs Littler, fiuitoier, was bought by Mr Major Hood, Elizabeth street, foi Ll,¡7'3, the cottage icaideuce in Bathuist stieet, opposite St Andrew's Chuieh, foi many jeal« in the occupation of the late Captain Chamberlain's fuiml}, by Miss Cliambeilain, foi ¿700, and tho fin in at Blackmail's Bay, consisting of 500 acies of good pastoral and agileulturul land, and dwelling house, also belonging to Captain Chainboilam's CBtutc, by Mi John Cham bet lum, foi ¿800 Tho properties put up foi sale at Mt ! liornas Westbiook H matt weie withdrawn, tho upset puco not being ollered ANn\ Pnvsi IN Siiiiicis - Recently ata stiilio of masons in S}dney, two of them at u trades meeting made a suggestion lo tho cflect that the conti aetoi should pay all the expenses Of the stnlto as a picliiiimuiy to nny settlement It is pleasing to heui that only two of their number could lia found to vote for this, but still the proposal BIIOVVS to what lengths trades mooting» would go if not i kept in check by good senso und regard for equity. ! GlAltIMI I'UWÍINKII HA/AUI - J |10 lin/jiiii in aid of the funds fin Hie Chiience Paisiiiiagi, which was tai I ltd on so HIICCISS full) in the Ililli mo Institute, was In on lit lo a eoiiLliiHinn last night I liu lmslHOS, dono was IIB busk UM on Hie pic* MUN OLta HIOIIS, mid it is expect« ii Hint w Inn accounts nie setthd up, it will lu found that ncaih Ll.'O has bien eleni ed Hiele nie still a quantit) of gooda leinitiiiiiig mi hand, which will ptohabl) bo leseived foi a Blippleineii Un \ hu/am (-iiMiitniVTinvvi Cm noir, riti\Mi\\_ Iho iinnivcisiii) of this elim elm as eile hinted on Sunda), tho 21st malani, In a spi rial children s su v nu in the afternoon at wini li pi un wuo ilistnhiited hy the pastot the Btv J M lîa)li), to Ihosi pupils who lind alUnded n guim 1\ Hu ough the ) eui A i pnit was also nail bj tho -scuctai*, Ali Ila) wood, in wlieh it u-- .stated that although the attendances^, ,(j Nicwhat di cicasid in i«)i)sti|iitnto ni . lupui titi cut sovual families fiom tho ilisUttt the Behool was on the w linio m a fan lysatisfnttoiy con dillon Addiisses weie also »chined by Alt lia) and by the superintendent, Mi Philp On AA'tdnosday, the 2)th instant, thu annual ti cat ni connection with tho above school was hold on tho catato of Woodstock, afield having been placod at tho disposal of tho teaehuis b) J \\\T Jvillaway, Esq HIL day being all that could bo desued foi mildool amusement, tho children onjO)cd thomsthos thoiotighly at tho usual games of loundois, enckot, football, ixe. I ho pro motéis of this picnic ino to bo complimented upon tho satisfactoiy manner ni which tin arrangements were can ¡ed out LlNOARIl'S DlORAM V 01 StOTtANI) -'J Ile audience w Inch assomblul last e* ening at the Ihcatio Ro)al weie highly pleased with Langai d s diorama, of Scotland and of the Soudan wai In addition to fuithful dL pictmcnts of tho most nnpoitant pittinesqiio and historie spots of "Bonny Scotland " tho entei tainment is pleasantly intu spei sed with charactei BOIU/B and dances by the clev u ineinbet s of til« company '1 his c* en ing Mi McAndiaw, the destnptive lecttuti, whoso pawky anecdotes and humourous and pithttit unduniig of national songs has been a ftatuic of tho cntu tainment, takes a benefit, when tho pel fin manee will be under thu patioiuigc of Ltis Excellency tho Govoi not (Sir G 6 Stinhan), and doubtless time will bo a huge and fasltionablo attendance lhere will be a wm'iHfc to nioiiovv and the bc-ison w ill hu eoneludcd the samo e* enmg IWIAMVN I'OUITR* SociiT\ -The an mini meeting of mimbus of this society vv ill be held this c* tiling at tin Mechanics' Insti lute, at 8 o clock, to i eenie the tommittic s i epoi t and ti nnsaet oi dmary business Som 11 Bins-Aceeptinces foi Huidle Rate, Vu eil 1*11111,11111! ] l)ing Handicap, also entiles foi Maulen Plate and Ptinbio) c Purse (foi lioisis owned 111 distiiet) close with tho lion bccictaiy, Mi Roht Gi mt, at 8 pin to monow Iho acceptance foo foi Huidle Race is Isoi , Soi eil Pinto 2sov s , and 1 lying Handicap ml A sum of lsov must aiioinpany tacfi uitiy foi vv tight fur age ov cuts Bl 111 Riva RI'IIATTA-A meeting, con *cned by tho AVardon 111 lesponso tola iiiimtrously signed rci|iiisilion, was hold nt Daw son's Hotel, Bellerive, hist night, for tho put poso of consult! ing tin iiihisiibihly of nui)ing out tin annual itgatta Hie Warden (Mi ii Lamb) was voted to the chair Ml C H 1 cathustonu moved, "lliat tin annual ngulta be hold at Bellcnvo on the hil April " 'llicso rogttttis « el u usually held on tho hist Saturday 111 March, but he had bien inteivii wod by the stcrctaiy of the Aleitanlilo Row ing Club, who sUttd tint thtu itgultn was Hxid fm that day, and thit it would he mad visible In hold the Build nu Riyitta upon the hame date J lit motion was tan ml unanimously Ali Win Benson was eleited BBtrctai), aad Ali I Dawson treasuiei Hie following committee wuo appointed -Mcssra C 1 reatlnistoin, R Dutson, G P Westbiook, R li Alomes, I Westbiook, A Mot tish*, W Peddei.H h Smith, L I. Mamu, Jl Chapman, and II Jluekson lila Excellent) the Gnvunoi vius iliiltd patton, and tin Windell vite pill on, of tho ngalla Iho hist iiititin" of tin loininittit was fixel for Satin da) tv tiling nt S oiloik Iho mut ing then teiiiiniated with a vote of thanks to thu than CHASM 1 Hi 0 m 1-Hit thaniiil foils hold thin annual iii|iititit unit to day, and a most Jibeial piogiiiinmo has bien pitpaicl l>V thu committee, the r lees iniluilinj, low ing and sailing competitions In oidu to ullin d aniplt menus ol liunsit to the stun of tin da) s upoi ts tin commitli 0 iiidcavound t» piocuie one of the J S N Co 's Bteaincis, but unfiutunattly theie wus none of them in poi t to mtet tho date of the lcgatta Consequently tiny have had to fall back upon tin ihiimnl boats to nffhid the mets sai) tri* tiling facilitits J ho as Mut* will leave the 1 ranklin A\ half at 1) oilotk slmip, nilling at all iiitumidiale poits uti the w11) J he SB Huon will also pi) ii oin I ranklin, Poll C)gnel, and A letona Hie committee have gecmtd H M S Dall as flagship and they have worked lund to moko the regatta a sutetss W ith line wiatliu a sjilindid <)|)portimit) is given tu extuisionists and visitais tu have un tnjoj able days oil ling 8s IARVNSV-lins smart Ililli steamer will make a fishing ex tin mon on Satiinhi) afternoon, starting at 2 )0 On bunda) the steamet will ni ike uuothci exeilisiun dow 11 the 11* ei Blut ting at the same bout GARRISON SPORTS.-Lovers of athletics will be perhaps somewhat disappointed to learn that owing to the early departure of the H M S Nelson the garrison sports will not be held. At a meeting held at the barracks last evening, Colour-Sergt Cuth- bet in the chair, the subject was fully dis- cussed, and it was ultimately decided that it would be best for the present to defer action. A standing committee was, how- ever, appointed to make arrangements for the sports being carried out next year or earlier should H M S Nelson return to the Derwent. Cricket - A match will be played to- morrow afternoon on the upper ground, commencing at 2 p.m. sharp, between the first team of the Bleak o' Day Club, and the first fifteen of the Lefroy. The following will represent the Lefroy : T. Garrard, S. Chancellor, C. Vautin, J. Adkisson, H Marshall, A Ward, F. Trappes, C. Eady. B Morrison, A. F. Stutt, C Hodgman. P Hood, A Hudson, A M Reid, and T. R. Roblin, emergencies - Burn, H. Harden, L Archer. Break o' Day E. H. Butler, C W Butler, Col A. T. Cox, W. H. Walker, G. Hannaford, L. Cutmear, H. Grant, E. Maxwell, F. Tabart, R G Kirby. J E Buggs, emergency-W Abbott, R Maxwell. An eleven from the Albert Club will leave town by the 1-10 train to- morrow to play a return match with an eleven from the Clenorchy Club, at Glenorchy. The Glenorchy team will be selected from the following -G. Pierce (captain), Jack Watt, T. Mitchell, G Phillips, J Butterworth, T. Hallam, C. March. G Kingshott, R Pierce, C Jones, H. Corney, D. Tolland. The following will represent the Albert Club : -W. Austin (captain), J Reading, Jim Watt, W. Langford, J Baggott, A Nichol- son. T. Griggs, C. Polston, C. Smith, C Ibbotson, A Briggs A match will be played on the lower cricket ground on Saturday between the first eleven of the Granville and Fitzroy Cricket clubs. The following are the teams - Fitzroy: Will be chosen from the following, -G, Vautin (capt ), T. Stubbs, P. Henry, G. Calvert, N. Pringle, G Whittington, Kennedy, Harrison, L. Giblin J. Hannaford, V. Lovett, C. Sargeant, S. Howe; V Henry, Shimmins, E. Laughton Granville, H Rosman (capt ), F. Dawson, J Brady, A Giles, H James, H Birchall, W. Verrell, J Grahame, J Flannagan, A Tibbs, C Johnson, emergency-Hickson and H Johnson IiaLAMUiox.CoAi.MiM íes'STIIIKI' -'Iho Syilmy Neilin of tho 18th 111st says -If any doubts had existed 111 the minds of those who w cut to the meeting at tho Temperance Hall on Monday evening as to the justice of the Lambton miners' causo, those doubts must have been dispelled before tho pi-otetd inga terminated by the *ery lucid, tun Ïieratc, und logical mannet m which the case 01 tho inuiors waa put It is clear the cause of the min *v as entrusted to able hands, and tlioy aro to bo tongratulatod upon the successful issuo of then determination to have thtir claims fully explained to tho wot king tlassis, or their i r-prostntativ cs ni Sydney Ihey hn-¿'" »ui Jly won tho stiong Bympithy of the wJfku-s in tho mell upolu, and the statement of thin taso on Monday ine,)it may bo saul to have 1 iiitcíl that sympathy biyond tho possit" lily of alienation 'Iho w01 king tlassis of Sydney, und, indeed, of the colonies, tenu ally, ait now toiiMiiiid that the Lambton miners have light on then side, and, us then antuest« nie mutual, they may safily bl 1 illtd on to Bland by the men ou uti ike IIB long as tho stnko huts As one lcsult of Monday's inciting, the iipitscnlativcs of the Scottish AuBlialum Mining Co have deemed it expedient to ultu Hitit proposals Hio alteration, hovvovei, is one lathor of form than of subatanec, ot if Unit bo any sub stautiul altciation ut nil 111 the new b IBIS propostd, it is evtn 111010 unfavoinablu to the mon than Mr Ci oudaco's 01 ign al pro tiosal, To go to aibitiulion without any mais at all, as now pioposod, would open tho door to the management to drag ni tho very evidence th« men wUh to Qjioluue, »ni UW bosnios equally ni élevant and calculated lo mislead 1 hu e xtiise Hcl up hy tho nmiiugc ment foi not puj mg thu sanie as at Wall send foi icmovint. Ibu jen} IH mthci a tits ingenuous one J hcv say, in ellect not that tho lclnoval of tho jen y should nut be pud foi, hut that Ibu minen had ali ead} been leceiving too high ve ages In othei w oula, tho supji wed high pay tho nnneiB weiu leeeiving is to bu made a set oil against a lti,itiiiiato de maud in relation lo the jen} But dota mi}one Biipposo that thu Lambton mmeis havobcen oveipaid The litigo piofits an miall} sent out of tho comitiy to the shine lioldeis of the Seeittish Australian Mining Co give a most cinphati" negative to any such presumption, anti it appeals oxtioniely unhandsome on the put of ti o management, in the face of tho tin iilcnds the eoinpan} bus been paving of late yeais, to withstanelso ' ohvioualv. just a demand as that the linnet s ¿njr c put foi waul 5 AVIVOMVI HOM.s-MCHSIS lithgow and W (Wholesale anti letnil chemists Livei ' po-d street iinnounco in otu advertising columns thal the} have been appointed agents ha c foi nmnioniaplioiies a new dis oovciy, which is «eeledited with gool eflects in voice cultivation, and ni all chest tluoat, and lung allcctinns " Aminniiiapbnuc," saya the Musical JtaICH is tho invention of Di Cartel Moffatt fermoily Pinicipnl Demon stiatoi to the Re)}ni Colic e. of Singeons of rdinbiirgh, and afta wallis a Pinfessot of Clicnustiy in ttlasgow Di Mollatt is a cousin to tho celebrated missionaiy of that nauio, and dining his slay m Southern Italy made a gi cut nunihei of analyses of tho constituents of the gcnci oils and balmy an of that legion, which pioduces, as if by natural magie, the granel voices foi which Hal} is famous lhoiesultof Di Moffatt's oxjiciiiiients was, that mi his tetiiin to England, nftci 1 I y cam of icscaieh, he sue cccdcd m eliscov ei mg a chemical compound which, ve hen inhaled, pioduces tho samo effect upon tho lungs and tluoat as the an of the sunny south lho ' Ammoniuphono ' is the mstimuent which has to bo used lo inhale Di Mollatt s ' Italian Au,' and its effect upon Hingeis is simply niaivellous" It is also claimed that the instiuineiit has a good effect on pel sons Hülfet mg f i oin affec tunis of the lungs M INICTJ ics AM) MAIDS - According to the bi/Unei/Nui i the seicnity of the seliolnstie «oild m that eil} has foi some time been unpleasantly milled by an attempt on the part of the Education department to enfotee its authority, and to level up tho educational statua of the tcachcis who ino in choree of hist class publie Bchools H hen thol elucu tion Act caine into fotcc m I SSI, the depart incut found that the majoiit} of the tcachcis it then had at its disposal wcie not of the requited intellectual cabbie foi the custody of schools tuen awaiting staffa Hie ililli cult} waa one which had to be met The schools could not lemam vacant, and of the choice of evils the department îesolvod to temporarily place in ehaigc of the fust and scconel class schools tcachcis of tnferioi qualification to that lequiied by the grade of the school, but, it must bo added, at the salary which would attach to the school if the teacher w as in the possession of tho full grade certificate I ho teachers, when placed m charge, were made fully aw m o of the fact that they w ci e only appointed until a teacher of the tcquiied stáudiitel could bo obtained things have til if ted on, the teachers bung quito contented with "an ilifottor grade certificate so long as they could elraw full guide salaiy No notice was taken of the matter until Ma> 7 last, when eonstei nation veas spiead in the scholastic eninj 1} the issue of a cncului fiom tho Alinistet of Lilli cation, notifying that all teachers w ho w ere in chaine of hist class schools, but possessed tiifciioi qualifications, would have to picscnt themselves foi examination befoto C In ist nias, oi failing tins, then saint íes would be tceluced m uccoidance with tho certificate the} held Hie en eulin was a polite one, and as tho inajoiity of people would say (especially the ratepayers) the couuewusa piopei one foi the Ministct to take How cvci, lililíes sometimes put queel constiue tions on polite documents, and m this case the} n senled the attack upon the position to which Uley eonsidcied Belvitnde had en titled them 1 o put tho matter mildly but bnelly, three of the moi e coura »eons ladies huí o defied the elepai tincnt, anti have sent to their M unstet the gi omuls which actuated them in claiming a Btipciul for whichfthey uic not, accoiiling to theil educational Btandaid, entitled A MiDMiiiir INTKLIJI u-Hie Sydney hi emmj Ni H » sa} s a eel tain Sydney bust ness man wcut to Newcastle the othei day foi a trip, and took a room in a hotel theie He w cut to beti m good time, and took tho precaution to jilace neal the head of the heil a bottle of sjiii its foi medicinal put posea in the night, if he was laltcn ill Ile ulso placed his swoiti stick within arm's length of the bed, in ease he might teepine it dilling the night lhere not being a lock on the dooi, ho fastened it with a piece of stung, und he aftei wind letltcel to rest At about midnight, the tuno at which it is said that ghosts walk, he was uwakencil by, as he imagined, some one snoring He Bat up m bed, and felt that his hair waa standing on end, HO great was his ten OI He managed to leach the bottle containing the spit its, and took a long draught of it, which gave lum courage enough to hohl the sw oi el stick Hav mg t e moved the case from the BWOUI, he slowly steppet! out of bed, and his foot came in con tact w ith something noft Hav mg p u taken the second tuno of the contents of the bottle, he st! uck a match and lighted the candle when lo1 be saw that the intituler was a pig i which was sleeping by the side of the bed Hie language he used is com mon enough, but not polite Having well thrashed the animal with a stick and turned it out and propcily fastened the dooi, he again retttcd to test All members of tho Southern Tasmanian Volunteer At tillory who elo not intend to continue in tho corps aro i cejuired to return without dolay nil iirins, accoutrements, and clothing now in their jiojsession. tar Wc havo boon ronuostcd by Messrs. Floxraoro and Lorel (lato Gucsdon und West- brook) to draw the attention of jiurchasers to the sale of 200 bales pressed liay, which takes place at tho railway shods at 11 o'clock sharp.-[Advt,] *2T Wo have been requested by MesBi-s. Flexmore and Lord to draw tho attention of purchasers to the salo of SOsides prime bacon, which takes placo at thoir mart, Collins stroot, Till» i DAY, at 11*30 o'clock sharp. ÍAdvt.] /_ 