NEWS AND NOTES Another victory has been scored by the Australian Eleven iu their match with the County uf Lancashire, having won it by one innings with 12 runs to spare. In the Winter Handicap of the Sandhurst "Gnu Club, which was . fired on Thureday, Messrs. H. Pettitt (Maldon) aod Ay. Sayer (Melbourne) divided first and i.-cond money. * Each competitor shot all his birds. Enti-ies for the all- aged stakes of the S. M. & B. Coursing Club must be lodged -with the secretary to-day. The draw takes place' this evening, and the match will be run on Tuesday at Bariughup. We h^ve received from Sydney a copy of a new press venture, the World, which is supplied gratis, if people will only send names and addresses. The proprietor relies simply on advertisements to reuiu nerate Liiu. The paper is a weekly oue, and is foil of interesting reading matter. It is published at 374 George-street, Sydney.' [! Wc have belu requested to intimate that the tirst issue of shares of the Colonial Permanent Trustee Executor and A«er>cy Company Limited, will close oil the 30th June, 1SS6. On Wednesday evening some miscreant made a raid on Dr. Farr's garden aud stole a quantity of onuses which were growing there. Not satisfied with this little exploit, he decided to repeat his visit on Thursday evening. As he was busily engaged plucking the oranges, he seems to have been disturbed, as he "hastily climbed the fence and made off. In his huriy, however, he left his overcoat, in the' pockets of which we're a.dirty'-coloured shirt (doubtless to put the fruit in) and a white cambric handkerchief, with the name " Fink"" in the corner. We trust the thief is not related to the member for Maryborough. Yesterday a .email boy called at the doctor's houst^nd enquired for the coat, but denied that it belonged tu himself, and stated that he had been sent by another boy for it. The doctor, veiy properly, refused to give up the coat except to the rightful owner. If the thief wants his coat, no doubt he can get it on application, provided he pays for the stolen oranges, aud for the damage done to the fence. The Rer. A. V. Green give a most interesting lecture to a lai^ge and appreciative andience in the Trinity Chuirch schoolroom, on Tuesday evening last. The subject of his lecture was " Travels through Norway," and the object for which it was given was to assist in raising funds for the erection of a chaucel at Trinity Church. The proceedings opened at half-past seven punctually with a glee, " See our Oars," rendered by a few ladies and gentlemen who did themselves great credit. The lecture thon began, Mr. Green apologising to the audience, and saying, th.it as a rule, lectures were the driest of all entertainments. First the children looked upon them as connected with lessons, aud the ladies tis though they were sermons, but if that is the rule, all we can say is that, Tuesday evening's entertainment was indeed the exception, as it was most interesting, as well as amusing. The lecture lasted about two and a half hours, and during that time the audience had the manners and customs of Norway graphically described. . A great omission was made at the end of the entertainment; in that no one had the politeness to propose a vote of thanks to the lecturer. It is to be hoped the next time a lecture is given h s matter will not be forgo'-ten. A concert took place on Wednesday evening in aid of the Loyal Orange Lod^-e. The entertainment took place in the Temperance Hall, but the attendance was not as good as was anticipated. The Chewton Temperance Band was in attendance aud played some selections during the evening. The following ladies and gentlemen t«,ok part in the concert aud acquitted themselves creditab.y : — Mrs. Troutbeck, Misses Smart, Mollard, Wray, Dower, and Thompson, Messrs. Sampson, Troutbeck, Lavercombe, Long, Dormaii, Mollard, jun., aud Rev. W. J. Eddy. Miss Chappie has a vacancy for two boarders. Mr. Wright, the well-known pianoforte tnner, wll be in Maldon on or about the 23rd inst. The account of the Jubilee Festival at the Wesleyan Church is held over till next issue. We have received Burs ton's New State School English Grammar, and from a cursory glance at the contents, it seems well adapted for the use of schools. Among other properties for sile by Mr. Tobin, are Mr. Eiwar 1 Shearer's house in Growlers' Gully, And the premises known " Banstead's,"- at Nuggetty. Par-, tiuulats in our advertising columns. Mr. Roberts, dancing master, was here on Thursday, and interviewed several of our leading inhabitants respecting the starting of a dancing class. The majority seemed to view the subject favourably, and Mr. Roberts announces that he will attend at the Shire Hall on Thursday next, for the purpose of starting the class. The Castlemaine correspondent of the Telegraph, says:— A ..most wonderful escape from death occurred to a Chinaman named Ah Sing. yesterday, at Pennyweight, -about one mile distant from Guildford.. He was employed in a tunnel with another "Chinaman, a few yards separating the fcwp, when & large qiiautity of grojmd fell between- them, and Ah Sing, -whet was 'furthest in, was literally entombed alive'.' His mate gave the alartn, and in a short time willing hands were engaged removing the falL The ground being "shifty," considerable difficulty was experienced in gaining an entrance' to where the supposed dead body of Ah ..Sing was expected to be found. At 7 this morning the debris was removed, when, to the great astonishment of the relief party, Ah Sing was found alive, quite uninjured, and veiy little. • the worse for having been iin prisoned in the .tunnel for a period of abouttwenty-one hours. . The Minister of Lands has, sayB the Telegraph, a tall silk hat, which he generally wears when sitting in the Assembly. He prizes this' head-covering, aud even objects to a staunch Ministerial supporter sitting immediately behind him from battering it in. The hou. member behind Mr. Dow is Mr. M'Lellan. Now wlieu the member for Ararat gets excited when addressing the House, and he very often does, he has a habit of throwing his hands about in a very wild manner. He brings his right hand round evety few minutes with a terrifit swoop, and in dangerous proximity to ministers in front. On Tuesday night he was veiy bad iu this respect, and Mr. Dow was the victim. Mr. M'Lellan broaght his right hand round with a swing which whizzled too near Mr. Dow's hat. The Minister, to save it, turned his head.to the left. Then Mr. M'Lellan made another drive, aud Mr. Dow took off the head-gear, to the intense amusement of members, who enjoyed the joke immensely. The member for Ararat was quite oblivious, and proceeded to fling his arms about, till at last Mr. Dow, in sheer despair, and to avoid being smashed up, hat and all, moved over to the Ministerial Corner. Mr. M'Lellan continued, and eventually cleaved out another member—Mr. W. Anderson—who was a near neighbour. When the second clearance was effected the House was convulsed with laughter; but Mr. M'Lellan.took no heed, and went on demanding, in loud tones, that the Government should defend the privileges of the House, or else quit the Treasury.benches. An individual clad in ghostly raiment caused a little sensation at Black Hill on several uights last week, and his senseless pranks have led to at least one young lady being laid up with illness brought on by fright. This youti^ lady was, says the BaUarat Courier, visiting a friend on Thursday evening, and as she said she was afraid she would meet the ghost, a young man was deputed to accompany her to her residence. It was about the hour uf the visitation on the previous evening, aird the- escort said he guessed it would be as well for him to arm himself with something that would enable him to give the ".ghost" the thrashing it deserved. He therefore earned a stout stick in one liaud and a poker iu the other, and proceeded to take the youi.g lady home. They "had not gone very far when, sure enough, a personage dressed in white was observed a short distance off The brave young man tlien concluded it safer to retire, ami, dropping his weapons, he ran away. Tile youug lady fainted, and had to be -carried to her residence. She is reported to be somewhat seriously ill. Several gentlemen have resolved to administer a sound horsewhipping to the individual, whoever lie is, who has been carrying ou this senseless practical joke, should they be successful in tracing his identity. The parson of the Episcopalian Church at Hamilton lias been awfully annoyed for many months past at the fearful percentage of '' threepenny bits " deposited every Sunday iu the collecting; plate by " the faithful." It takes a lot of threepenny bits to buy a sucking pig, and everybody knows that clerical appetites veiy muchyearn thereunto. So the parson hit upon a bright idea for clearing out all these objectionable coin?, for he held a grand magic lantern entertainment, showing Adam and Eve in Paradise, the cruise of Noah's Ark, and many other, interesting incidents, so, of course, .the'room was crowded, and as " 3d " was the-, price of admission, we presume including drinks, there was a tremendous haul of small coin. But it " wouldn't wash," for the flock, not to be done, now contributs copper coins instead of silver, while one leading resident is said to have delayed the collector by asking for '* four threepenny bits for a shilling," retaining three, and depositing the fourth in the plate.—Tasrnanian Mail. ? ? Many of our readers will he pleased to see the following cutting from one of the Melbourne papers. It speaks for itself:—" An invention in the manufacture of brass musical instruments has been made by ilr. James Thompson, engineer, of Parkville, which, if it realises the expectations of the inveutor, will greatly add to the value of wind musical instruments. Up to the present time they have always been given a secondary position when compared with the violin or other string instruments, owing to the fixed intervals between the notes. These result from the employment of holes or keys, aud it is to giving the same freedom of treatment, and to permitting of the sounding of quirter-tanes instead of semi-tones, that Itr. Tnompsou r as directed his attention. With this end in view he has provided a hollow cui ved metal tube with a groove on the inner side, which is made air-tight by a thiu slip of flexible material stretched tightly iuside it. A mouthpiece is provided, and when the instrument is sounded by being blown into, the whole of the notes within its compass can be idicated by ruuuing the finger up or down the band so as to compress it below the level of the groove. The notes are round and full, and it is claimed that by adapting the size of the tube and the mouthpiece to those in use for either wood or brass instruments the character of the tones produced by them under existing circumstances can be obtained. On Saturday evening Mr. Thompson exhibited his invention before the members of the Musical Association of Victoria and was complimented by them upon his discovery. It was pointed out that if Mr. Thompson could thoroughly perfect the. instrument a complete revolution would be effected in orchestral playing, for every performer would then have to produce his notes in the same manner as a violin player. The association thanked Mr. Thompson for having explained the principles of his invention, and appointed a sub-committee—consisting of Messrs. J. Siede, Lnndborg, and Luttich —to investigate and report to the association upon its .merits. The following letter has been received, by a gentleman in county Limerick. It bears the Holyhead post mark :—" Sir,—I ihave seen an 'Advertisement of- how cruel L yon have acted loyvarils "your tenants, and may you wither rip"by. the file of hell sOon and sudden. May the flesh Trot offof yonr bones and fall aV.ay putrid before yorir eyes; and may the torture of eternal flimes come to be your consolation in ybur last illness, and the hearthstone of hell,be your pillow for ever. May there be ho one near you when you are dying to spsak a word of comfort or damp your parched.Iips with a drop of water. May your limbs -wither with the torture of the damned in your last agonies, your l>rains boil in.your head, your eyes drop from their sockets, aud the stench of your rotten carcase be too horrible for hungry dogs and carrion crows to, approapfa; and may the darkest and heaviest corse Sf heaven rest on your soul for all eternity. This is the prayer I wish you,, and may heaven register the same. Amen, amen, 'amen. I am sure to meet yon. in yourjourney, and that very soon, —Your sincere friend, CAPTAIN MOONLIGHT.' After the close of the funeral ceremonies of Archbishop (ioold, at St.. Patrick's on Tuesday, "(writes a contributor :to ' the Herald) the coffin, in its -vault, wu covered with charcoal^to a 'considerable height, up to the stone run prepared for the thick stone slabs'to lie upon. The vault is at the northwest side, and the archbishop lies buried iuite close to the angle of the Mortuary Jhapel," facing Apsley -Place. When the Cardinal and the mass of the celebrants bad gone the crowd ebbed away, so that, at last there was a pause, in which stilluess reigned. Then came the workers to seal up the grave finally. It was remarkable how some poor women remained about. The slabs, like tlie coffi-i, hail tu be lowered bv a somewhat intricate arrangement. When the time caiue to cloje up, a number of p^rsous. chiedy women auu children, had found their way to the grave. Two eldatly geutlemen, of kindly disposition, were ordering the operaturns, :mil restrained their feelings as well as they could, to a bnsiness-like direction of the workmen. . The little throng of persons pressed round for a last view, though only of the cEarcoaL Several women carried away pieces of it^as-mementoes. A plasterer jumped down, and begau to slab away mortar upon the jstone edges. The workmen had to huri y along as briskly as ever they could, aud the scene became a strange contrast to the solemnity of an hour or two before. One man was smashing up a cask of cement with a pickaxe. Shouts arose of "Hoist!" " Lower," " Stop, stop," " Pull away," "Gently," as the slabs came down upon .the fresh mortar, with the windlass creaking. Meanwhile the spectators preserved their reverent attitude, except two young men who lighted their pipes, and looked on complacently smoking. On the other hand were women crying and kneeling. There was no wilful, eidiibition of heartlessness, but it looked strange, aud of course the pipes would have been quenched ou the slightest hint. The cpfSii ia . well isolated; so to speak, from the surface. Above the charcoal and slabs there is bdep^h .of jagged rock, a.ud rubbly bluestone,. the natural formation of the Eastern HilL The space is filled np, and no gases c&n;'ari&et.; According to precedents, such as the exhumation of the body of Raphael the painter, after between three and four hundred years of burial, the tyorty of the archbishop might be traceable, even if it. were exhumed five huudred years hence. • • ' . ' ? , • ' 