H o thou returned al ho could have don notes and gold to t ho would fotclh M t at tho property n S cshbox, and soolod /S pora ononding in a man of low bral I ordr, was rathor u of tI' plroporty.', iln Mdorton s ioputoc he::found five orsi no'rtuopioin rthao' Ghosts. abariitod. iAr il Don't ahuddeor dear readeor that a poat-martem you surely know that this is the inado" Dr. Frahd very time for goblins, and ghlost, unidortako thia diut and spirits. Yos, and spirits.' Olarklniiglitlboallo Good spirita, over-proof spirita, eo (Frmnis)hbad' I without any adulteration and full 'docoasod at tho timi moasureo. Wo don't, dislikeo adjourned inquest. V ghosts ; far' fro, iti in 'fact,' in a'cordaice .with I thore are somo guOscs we tong to 0ono0a, and shall not rest contented until we can do so. We would like to senothe ghost of our motheor-in-law, but, worse luck, she only lots us see her spirit; we would like to see the ghost of a chance for bs to tip the winnelor of theo. Chalnipion race.', We want to vioew, the ghost of a summer poet, ind thus be certain that they can and do Wdio. We would like to seo the ghost of tho gas-bill collector, and we really fancy "this is probable, for he is so good that the 'cngels must long for his company. Good at figures, we mean. All householders will undorstand what we mean. We would like to see the ghost of a joke in cortain of our comic contemporaries, but we are afraid we will never sooee much beyond shadows and myths. But we have no luck; we have haunted cemeteries and ruins of houses, dark avenues, and gloomy walks, but in vain: no ghost appears. Con stables have nearly run us in for suspected burglary, and cooks have effusively kissed and hugged us in mistake for 'Arry. But the genuine ghost, the being (1) who frightens children and women, and mys titles men, has not yet soon reason to in troduce himself to us. We shall not do spair, however, until, at least, the ghost soeason is over, but if by that time lie has not shown himself, we will give up the ghost. But if we do see him, so vindic tive have we become through enforced waiting, that on his appearance we shall ghostraighit and inform the nearest con stable and leave the rest to justice. - 