RELIGIOUS NEWS. THE REV. CANON GBEEN OK " CHRISTIAN UNITY."—At St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, a large congregation assembled on Sunday evening to hear the Rev. Canon Green on "Christian Dnitv." The sermon was preceded by hymn No. 273, A. and M., " Behold how good a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." The text chosen was 1 Corinthians L 10—"Now, I beseech you, brethren, by the name of the Loid Jesus Christ that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you, but that ye be perfectly joined together in the Bame mind and in the same j udgment." The preacher said he was glac to avail himself of the first opportunity since Synod to speak unreservedly on a subject of great interest, and one that was likely to be much misunderstood—Christian visible unity, or a visible unity among all Christians. Some of them had almost loi-gotteu that this was a thing to be desired. They heard a great deal about the valuable rivalry between the denominations of the Christian Church, and how one stirred the other up to good works. This might be, and he was thankful for it; but it did not in the least follow that because good came out of a thing, therefore that thing in itself was good, (rod, who ruled the world according to His will, nude good oftentimes come out of evil, but He did not thereby make evil one whit the less evil. In thinking of unity let them go back to the night before our Lord's death, When He was with His disciples He thought that in days to come, when He would be taken away frcm them, they might misunderstand each other or in some way oe separated, and He said," I pray for them that they may be one." And then He thought of those who would be taught by His apostles and be their successors through all time, and continued— " Neither pray 1 for these alone, bat for they also which believe in Thee through Thy word, that they all may be one as Thou Father art in me and I in Thee, that they also may believe in us, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent me." With those words sounding in their hearts, surely they were guilty so far as they had forgotten to pray for unity. It was no slight thing to beseech the apostles in those earnest- words. Unity was dear to his heart, but if asked if it existed he must say no. And some said let it be so. When Christ was informed that a man was casting out devils he stud " Forbid him not," and any person who would forbid a Christian man from working in his own way for his Ljrd would be in terrible danger of coming tinder Ins Lord's disapproval. But there was a great difference in not forbidding a man and joining in witb him. What they prayed for was what the Reedeemer prayed for—unity. It would be wrong to hinder others from working in ways they might not approve of, yet if the effect of the division of sects was opposed to the mind of Christ, then he was bound to do all he could by fair and Christian means towards the restoration of such Christian unity on a sound apostolic basis as would lead to one Lord, one faith, one baptism. There might have been divisions in olden times. There was .the Church of Corinth. Her people might have met in various places and in different manners, but they were one Church, under one head, and taught and held the same doctrines. It was the idea of the apostles that wherever the gospel was preached they were to baptize by the one baptism in the name of the Trinity., Ihey held the faith as it was once delivered to the saints. Why was it not so now ? It was the fact and not the reasons that be looked at. The Church's children; broke away from their mother's side, imagined new doctrines, and established new forms- of government, and then when they had a new creed, or no creed at all, they said, " We are the Church of God now as much as the body from which we sprang." The Catholic Church had been in the proud pre-eminence given her by Christ, with the water of regeneration at her hands, His bread and wine of life for feeble souls, words of peace for an- stained spirits; and when sne saw a man drifting'&om; her side she cried ont in all love to him to come back. It was with feelings of deep responsibility that the Church of England throughout the world had made a stir with the view of recovering those who were gone from her. They could not expect that all Dissenters were coming back to the mother who bore them, but if that Church could do anything to arouse in the souls of her own children the desire for unity a great advance would be made. There was great darkness in some respects between them, and if they could stretch out their hands into the darkness and grasp. hands let them do so for the brotherhood of Christ. If only they heard a man repeating the Lord's Prayer they need not ask if he were a Dissenter, but say, " Thank God, here is a brother Christian, one who loves cur common Lord in sincerity and in truth." They thanked God for that invisible unity, but they wanted more. Christ wanted more when He prayed that they all might 4>e one. He (the preacher) had renounced his old ideas that it was not in keeping with his office to appear on the same platform with Dissenters, and now was ready, as was a leading official' of the R?man Catholic Church in the colony, to appear at all times with Dissenters on the broad platform of Christianity, as shown in works of charity. It was the duty of Church people to help in all works such as these. .Regarding the proposed changes of pulpits, it was not meant that the clergy should preach in dissenting Chapels. He would preach anywhere under certain conditions, and would rather preach to Dissenters than Churchmen, because he could so well explain to them the Holy Catholic Church. I; was not proposed by the Bishop, but if a Protestant minister could see his way to accept the Bishop's licence, if he could subscribe to the Nicene Creed, he might be permitted to preach. If dissenting ministers would accept the proposals of the Bishop they would be no longer schismatic, but one with them. VISIBLE CHRISTIAN USIRR.—At the Port Congregational Church on Sunday night the Rev. J. C. Kirby preached on tms subject, taking as his text " One body," Epheuans iv. 4. Alluding to the recent Anglican Synod, he said it was a sign that the Holy Spirit had been powerfully at work when several believers in prelacy left off speaking about the sin of schism, as regarded Dissenters. English history fixed the meaning of the word Dissenter to those Christians who rejected prelacy, and not merely to those who rejected State-establiBhed Churches. Congregationaliste believed that such officials as Dr. tLennion were not known to the New Testament. The Congregational minister was the New Testament bishop. Hense it would be amusing to ask him, who was a true New Testament bishop, to receive a licence to preach from a gentleman whom, as a point of true ecclesiastical law, he did not hold to be a bishop at alL He had his licence years ago bom the Holy Ghost, and that licence had been duly countersigned by properly constituted Christian Churches. The great and laudable aim of Dr, Kennion's and Canon Green's speeches was to favour the visible unity of Christians. They did not deny the existence of real unity. There were about 100,000.000 of persons living in Engliah-aDeaking communities. Of that number 11,000,000 were Roman Catholics, and at : the outside there were not n>9 r e than 20,000,000 of Anglican*. Of the other Protestant Churches there were 60,COD,000. Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Congregationalists, and Baptists for generations bad expressed their sense of unity, preached in one another's Churches without getting licences, and where convenient administered the Lord's Sapper. He had seen a united communion of Presbyterians, Methodists, Congregationalists, and Baptists in Dr. Jtffries's Church in Sydney, and ministers of all the denominations took part in the service. The Separtist Church, which stood apart and up to the present had refused all si^ns of unity with the other Churches, was the Anglican Church. They had not done it oat of an evil and schismatic heart, but they had been constrained to it by doctrines about baptism, orders, prelateB, which like a high stone wall had separated them from their neighbours. The Distenters were willing to treat the Anglicans as .they treated one another. If, for instance, Bishop Kennion said, " Well, Reverend Bishop Kirby, MIL TOU take the service at the Cathedral next Sunday morning, and afterwards give the Communion to the people?"' he would say,"Yes,my good Bishop, if you will attend at the Port and preach and give the Communion." Readiness for visible unity had been shown by the united welcome given by ministers of all denominations to Dr. Eennion; and love, which was the fulfilling of the law, demanded that the Anglicans should, as far as principle allowed, reciprocate the kindness. For example, in little places Anglican Churches could close on an evening when the other Churches had their anniversaries, and generally they could exchange courtesies in music. Looking further into the idea of unitv in the minds of Dr. Kennion and Canon Green, it meant that Dr. Eennion while called Bishop was in reality the apostle, and that all Preebyterian, Weeleyan, and Congregational ministers should submit to be reordained. Though they were to have large liberties about ceremonies, organization, and preaching, the Churches which represented sixty millions were to bend the knee to the Charon which represented twenty millions. Bat if the sixty millions and all the different dissenting clergy (pent into the Church they would reform it. All believers in sacramentarianum and prelacy would have to go outside and make a new institution. Love was unity, and by passing Canon Green's resolution in support of the Bishop the Synod could not fail to promote unity. Dr. Kennion would not, however, get Congregationalists to incorporate with him on the basis that by water-baptism men enter the Church of God, for to them the idea was heathenish. His second basis, prelacy, was a human device, and had been a bitter root of visible schisms from generation to generation. They would not admit two of the clauses of the Nicene Creed. Dr. Kennion said let all Christians unite on the basis of God in Christ; but all Christians but the Anglisans and Romanists did unite on that basis. To make dfae vast visible institution of all Christians would be a horrible misfortune to the human race and an injury to the gospel. Sects kept one another in order and prevented _ tyranny aad baiB to progress while promoting individuality- The idea of one big denomination was not the New Testament. Yet in Christ there was neither Quaker, nor Romanist, nor Wesleyan, nor Congregationalism, nor Presbyterian, for they were all' one. The Catholic and Apostolic Church was ihe sum total of all the true lovers and friends of. Christ. STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH.—A nine days' mission was commenced by the Rev. J. and Mrs. Mountain at the Stow Memorial Church on Saturday. "A Revival, and how to obtain it." was the text of the preacher, who addressed a large congregation in an evangelistic sermon, dealing with his ecclesiastical experiences. On Sunday morning following the text was " Can sin be forgiven?' and in the evening the Church was ciowded again to hear Mr. Mountain, who preached upon John in. 16—'"For God so loved the world that He gave UD His only - begotten Son,, that whosoever believed in Htm shoald not perish, but have everlasting life." The love of God, Mr. _ Mountain explained, was comprehensive, infinite, universal, and personal. God was not merely a God of power and justice, but a Being who extended to us all His infinite goodness, for our salvation sent His only-begotten Son into the world that we might be saved. The choral portion of the service was conducted under the superintendence of Mr. Mountain, .who presided at the harmonium, and a choir of 150 young voices selected by him sang sweet hymns, in most cases written and composed by the rev. gentleman himself. The subject of to-nighfs address is " The Great Change." 