Received- Nil. Required for noxt issue, £2 la 9o% CAUSES OF OFFENCE Iff CHRIST. '. . BY THU LATH REWW. B. ROBHBTBON, D.D., IRVINE. " Bleesed is he whosoever shall not bo offended iu me." -Matt. xi-6.*. - Tho Boone opens in the gloomy jail of MaohootuB Castle, on tho silent shores of the Dead Sea. Ki ap Herod has cast John into thia jail "for Herodiaa' pake." - Hore John gets into the deeper and darker prison, whioh John Bnnyan hoa called Doubting Castle, kept by Giant Despair. I do not condor that this brave free son of tho wilderness, whoso views of Christ had been BO olear and decided, and his courage in confessing Him BO hold when the windB of heaven fanned hiß cheeks and the dewB of heaven bafchod his brow in the wilderness, ahould, when shut down m the dungeon, lonely, bound, inactive, have come to doubt whether ofter all this was the Chriat. They who know a little of the moods and phases of tho spiritual life, and how it looks down from the sun niest heights of aasuvanoo to the dopths of despair, should not find muoh difficulty in undemanding his oxperienoe. And to it Beems that it was less for his disciples' case, the little baptised church dinging around hiui still, than for MB own, that John sends messengers to JOHUB inquiring, " Art thou the Christ?" &o.; Our theme ia, some causea of offence in Christ in John Baptist's days and in ours. 1, John might hu TO been OFFENDED WITH HIS MISSION. It waa a high and lofty ono. He was the fast-day . preaoher-the preacher of tho world's groat faBt of preparation before that holiest saoraruenfc of the Lamb's death on Calvary. Though his church floor was tho sand of the desert, his pulpit a rook, his robes of oamela' hair, yet nover had any preaohor popularity and power like John. Shepherds from tho flook and laborers from tho field, travellers from the highway, and merohanta , from tho street, scribes and Pharisees, and publicans and sinnorB that soldom came to tho synagogue were there, soldier a, womon, and little children too, in all their various dreBsos, the light and shades of color and indisoriminato material grouped togother and swayod to and fro by the resistless eloquence of that voioo that rang through the wilderness. HÍB mission was very dangerous too. Thoy might have torn him to pieces for daring to Bpeak as he did to the ohildron of Abraham, and threatening them-tho people of God-with the wrath to come. Yet John did not shrink from his mission as Jonah and Eliiah did j but he aocepted it and fulfilled his aourao. HÍB mission was also a very small and lowly ono. HÍB .mißBion, compared^ with Chriet's; was only as the gyration of the little moth around the midnight taper oomparod with the gigantic revolution of tho world round the sun. And yet the two wore brought into ' comparison, and for 'a little while at first John's mission Boomed in popular view the larger. For John Boomed {Treater than Christ in his birth, in his prioBtly parentage, in his showing unto Israol, and his mission hulked in public viow tho larger of tho two. But by-andbye thobalanoesturned, Christ increased, John decreased, After Christ's baptism He drew the multitudes away from John ; but when His disciples complained of il John did not sympathise with them, but replied, " A man oan receive nothing oxoopt it bo givon him fron hoaven." Every man haa his mission from heaven Christ has His and I have mino. Mino is a lowlj one, His is the highest. I am only tho harbinger Ho ia tho conqueror, travelling in the great ness of \ bis atrohgth down the centuries I am only the servant stooping down 01 tho threshold, as he passes forth, t< tie tho latohet of the Master's Bhoe. He is th Bridegroom of tho ohuroh, I only at best the friendo tho Bridegroom conducting Him in the torohligh prooession at midnight to tho dwelling of tho bride When I hoar H"'aii in the bridal ohambor speakinj words, of love to His bride I ßtand aside, my work i done, my joy is falfillod ; I am oonteut to be noihin that Ho may he all. I«am only tho voice of ono or} ing-tho finger of ono pointing to the Lamb of Go*1 'Humble, self-denyiDg John ! "Bloasodisbe," Chriî saySj " whosoever shall not be offended in me." 2\. John might have been offended with the PARTIAL EVIDENCE! . no had of Christ'sMosniahship. "Go and toll Joh ' what yo soo and hoar," «to. This waa mainly wht ' »Boalfed external ovidonco, and, of course, it is nc ' ' enough. To us tho ovidenoo is most complote an Bàtisfooltory. It is threefold-(1) External ev donee, miraoloB, testimony, fulfilment of proDhec; and so forth. (2) Litornal ovidenoo. The soul < man is like a loofc. and one key is brought to hoar o it and it does not fit, and another and s third and does fit, the bolt ie thrown back, That is the Gospc He who made the soul mado tho Gospel for it. ( Experimental evidence-tho believer laving tl witness in himself. Though wo may bo drivon ba< from ono to another we aro safe in the citadel < experiment when wo have true communion with porsonol, living Saviour. Sometimos we got into THE PRISON HOTJBB OF DOUBTS. Wo heir as John heard of miraoleB aa proofs Christ'sMeBsiahship, and we argue as he did. Sin' Chrißt has full pow<»r to inako full proof of His Me Biahship, why ÍB not tho ovidenoo moro oomploto ax oonvinoing? Why doos it not oome down upon us e with moBt resistless force? Why BleopB God thunder that it is not rolling through tho sky ai calling upon all mon to oome to Christ P Why slo< the lightnings that thoy aro not sorolliiig out in r< lottors moBBages of salvation on tho blaok wails tho storm ? Why sloop tho dead eo quiotly in the pravos P Thoy havo Boen tho otornal wrath throng ¿lead eyes, they know that hoavon and hell and G< are true, and why aro thoy not orowdinar around ? and calling ou na to oomo to Christ and bo savo< Why dawns so Bwootly tho Bpriug moraingP T Streams aro flowine, and tho troos aro growing, ai tho winds aro blowing, and tho works of nature n going on peacefully all tho Gamo aa if God <3 . hot oaro about us in the vory loast, as if thoro w« no hoavon, no hell, no soul to ho saved, no dovil, *' rtoruity, Why ia it sq ? I oannot . toll, but I kin that tho evidence io Rnffioiently,, qtrontr,., and that Christ said, " Blessed is ho whosooyor.shall ^not ho Offended in me." - - V yi '. .{> 8\. John might have'been offended afc fi % & ;;? ; . . CHRIST'S-BROADEK WAY Ol'WORKIKO)., I Distinguish, here two sohools of teachers and w©»r i ship in - the ohuroh. To understand What is meant ¿ hy this observo what ia 'said in vv;'16-19. A hand'of thirteen mon, one of them the incarnate God, have arrived at a Galilean viliagoi andr they/come- 'tôt "the market place. It is evonin?, tho shopB are ehut, and tho dark-eyod Hebrew children oome out to have their aports and pastimes. There, aro two banda pf ohildren there to-night, tho ono' disposed- and the other indisposed to play. The ono party says to the other, Come let us play to gether. Let us play at marriages. ' And / BO becauso ohildreri have strong initiative powers and readily react whatever they have aeon their seniora do, as they have soon the bridal pt oaession passing up the yillago street with piping and dancing, BO will these little ohildron play at marriagOB end make mimio munie, and they call on their fellows sitting in the market place to nao and take part in the danoo. But no,_ they will not rise. They are silent. Thoy are not in the mood to-night. Thon they pay, Come now, ho pood children ; do not bo silent. Aa ye u do not like to play at marriages, we will play at fUL era a instead. With children's strong imitative powers, as thoy have soon the village funoral pass down the street with minstrels making mournful mufio in tho forefront and lamenting relatives following, so thia mimicking party of minstrels and mourners call On their follows in tho market place to riso and psrform the funeral. No ! They aro Btill Bilont and sulky. Thoy will neither play at ono thing nor anobhor. Christ, incarnate God, loves to watch the sports of children, and to take His illustrations from thom too. Now those TWO SCHOOLS continue still. They reappear in all church history, and we find thom in the present day. Some hold narrower and Borne broader views rogarding God's eleotion, Christi's atonement, the Holy Spirit a work, and who shall say that either of them aro not Chris tians ? I make no allusion to heresy. Within oer tain limits thoro must be différence of view because of the sunlight. All truth takes on tho oolor of the gold or azuro through whioh it passes. God has allowed and ordered that it shall ho BO. John took tho narrower view rogarding doctrino, for his thoughts wore mainly, if not exclusively, Jewish. John may have hoard in prison of Christ 's dealings with tho Roman centurion, the woman of Samaria, and tho Syro-Phonioian woman, and Christ sends to him the mossago, "Blessed ÍB he whosovever Bra'.l not be offended in me." And there are two Bohools of manners in the church, ouo retiring from tho world, tho other mingling freoly with sooioty. John represents tho one. Men called him a misan thrope, and thought ho had a devil Christ repre Bonts the other. They called Him a gluttonous man and a wino-bibber. And there aro two sohools of worship. Tho one clings to places and forms and times, the othor leaves thom altogether. John thought that at Jerusalem men ought to worship with certain forma. Christ oho wa us that the ohuroh in all nations is the temple, and that men may worship God the Father anywhere through tho Son and by the Holy Spirit. 4\. John might have boon offended with the PLACE OF CHRIST'S WORKING and tho persons among whom Ho labored. He waa - working in the villages of Galileo. John, sympa thies were all with Jerusalem-tho holy placo »nd templo. The longer I live tho more I am convinoed that the grace of God< consists with a groat many things wo do not think in tho very best t%sto. Tho grace of God is mu oh broader than our narrow sympathies. Wo mußt not limit tho Holy One of Israol. Tho wind bloweth where it listeth. Blow, mystic wind, as thou wilt, if thou only rouso our spiritual dead! Come, Lord Jesus, come: como through what forms Thou wilt, if Thou wilt only come 1 And " Blessed is he whosoever Bhall not be offended in me." 5\. And John might have boon offended with CHRIST'S TJSBATMBNT OF HIM. His treatment of tho Baptist seems strange-that Ho should not have visited him or sent a message of inquiry for him ; that, considering their dose rela tionship, they Bhould never have met in priest's homo or carpenter's cottage ; and that, considering the great service John rendered to ChriBt at Jordan in serving Him hoir to Old Testa ment prophecy, ChriBt had apparently cast him off in midtimo of his _ days, whon ho was in prison for boldly administering rebuke to sin. Christ's treatment of John seemed strange ; and yet we, too, are often bowildorod by God's providence as administered by Christ. That noble barque whioh has ploughed a hundred seas and has weathered a thoueaud storms and brought homo many a precious cargo may lio at last on tho black rooks a wreck, a castaway. It may be so apparently with Christians, and perhaps with ministers ; and if it should bo so, evoh in tho darkness and loneliness remember who said : " BloBBod is ho whosoever shall not be offended in mo." The tragedy of John's, groat lifo is drawing to a oloso, for Herod is on his way to battle with AretaB the king "for Herodias' sake." and halts at Maohaurus. Here he celebrates bia birthday anniversary, and there is song and revelry by night, while John lies boundT in tho dungeon underneath, Feasting »nd drinking aro going on, for to-morrow in tho battle -fchoy may die. Tho feast ia over and the wino served; in comos tho daughter of Herodias, and in hor light and buoyant girlhood moves sylph-liko through tho mazes of tho danoo. Tho king smiles approvingly, his vulture eyo pur suing thoso nimble foot, and ho vows to give her whatsoever sho shall ask. And now ho ia in a sad dilemma. Ho had hoard John gladly and ho had watched tho danoo gladly, too. Sermons had enter tained him and so had tao danoo. But there is no esoapo. That artful Herodias has him in her toils. Tho king is oxoeoding sorry, yet for his oath's sake ho orders John's oxooution. And now tho orooutionor is going down tho castlo stairs with lantern and sword in his hands, while tho Dead Sea wavos aro plashing on tho castlo walls. In tho silence and tho darknosB, lighted only hy tho gaoler's lamp, John wakona from his slumber a or looks up from his sorrowful prayers. That noblo hoad with Nazaritio Jooko, thoso tear-fillod eyos, that palo, palo face is laid upon the block, and for a moment in tho lamplight tho headsman's nword flashes, and John ia dead- bohoaded in prison. Johnl John! Waa it for thia that Joana said, "Blosaod is ho whoBoovor shall not bo offended in mo." Wo cannot say that John in prison had much consoious bloBBodness, for ho could not, liko that other John in Bedford gaol, got away to tho delectable mountains. Ho oould only lio and moan in dark dospondonoy, and yot if it wöro only tho consciousness of having done tho right ho must havo had a doop joy underlying all his outward sorrow and WUB far happier than King Horod after wards was with tho ghost of tho murderod Baptist pursuing him along th« cortidorg, f,.Tiioaa Jiot offpndcd withChrist baye a" blessedness -whiohtuíay be oonfcmsted, with the misery of those that tj*keoffouoe and po away. J 1|! .V Ç . , ?'. . "/ TAKE YOUR CHOICE.. % \ -J/ Will you po to scepticism with itB dark and dreadful .doubts.? Will you po to superstition with its mazes ahd'Jmummeries? ; Wil^you go ;to agnosticism with its froBt-work olear and ¿old that chills and kills? Wpl you go to,pantheiBmwthat.makpB all things tears and laugnt'orí.'good^ánd»éTÍl,';ahd all 'persona God and man-and dovil, all divine and thorofore all devil too fi. - Will you go to atheism that howls out "No God?" wm you goito, ? M' "<~> I» do not tenow that there are- anymore*' You have'' got your ohoico. Whioh will make you better1 than you are P Oh no t Christ, I.'will stay with/Thoe though Thy ways may be':-strange," for outsidefThy fold, Good Shepherd, there-io nothing for .ua but darkness and despair. . , There ÍB the blessedness of being tested and found true. For, after all, the causes of offenoe are NOT IN CHRIST, BUT IN OURSELVES. Two men go to a feast whioh includes ovory delioaoy. THe one ia hungry, the other aiok, with no appetite. The foast is quite tho samo to both the differ enoe is in tho men themselves. Two men go to hear an oratorio ; tho ono has a taste for and som? know ledge of mu3io, the other is troubled with the radi cal representation of sacred things, so that while Ono ia ravished with the musio, to tho other it is only a jangling noise. Tho oratorio is the name to both, | the differenco ia in tho persons themselves. Two men go to a picture gallery to see a picture of Christ, j Tbo one has a taste for art, the other none and he ia troublod with doubtB about tho proprioty of such representations. Tho one rejoices in Raphael's divino masterpiece, the other sees only so mach canvas and paint. The differenco ia in tho men themselves, the pioturo is tho same to both. So bje causes of offence are not in Christ but in our selves. Lastly, now is THE JUDGMENT OB1 THIS WORLD. He that is pleased with Christ is not condemned, he that is offended with him is condemned already, for now tho Shepherd King is passing down the ages with His crook in His hand, planing the sheep on His right and the goats on his loft, and saying, " Como, yo blessed," so blessed that yo pass the eternal judg ment even now. It is tho bloisodncsj of not being offended in Christ and hoing faithful unto death. And now the noble hoad is in the hands of the tigress Herodias : but I seo the whito robe and the palm branoh ana the crown of glory, and hear tho angels shouting, "Woll done, good and faithful servant," Our faith teaches that in another sphere of hoing he -will repeat the Bamo oh&rooter; and tho samo worJí ho has dono here. The forerunner of Jesus Christ, as he oauia before Him into this world, has gone before Him into tho other, to stand on the other sido bf tho Jordan, n i ho did in tho wilderness, orying, " Proparo yo the way of the Lord." And as Christ ridea forth through all His vast dominions to take poESOssion of those He has purchased with His precious blood, and all the armies of heaven follow Him on white horses, still John goes before Him proclaiming His advent, and Jesus points to him and says, " Blessed is ho whosoever shall not bo offended in mo." 