CRUEL LONDON. A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. CHAPTER IV. FALLEN AMONG THIEVES. Joseph Hatxon, Author of "Clyde." "Christopher Kenrick," &o;, " Yon want a lodging; ah, bless yer swate face,' said an old woman pushin" her way to Caroline s side as she stood bewildered among the crowd ot passengers just emptied into the gaslight upon the at rival platform of the Great Western Railway at Paddington. a nice clean place as ever ye see; ah, let me carry the baby for ye." The passenger, yesterday mistress of that lovely retreat on the Avon, to-day a fagitive and a wanderer; hugged the Infant close to her breast, as the woman known as Irish Moll pnt out her arms. "Ah, well, then, I'll not touch the darlint. The saints bless and kape it, bnt you've travelled along way, and yon're a stranger intirely, and what'il I do for ye at all?" "IB this your luggage?" asked a porter coming up to Mrs. Gardner with a small big in his hand. " Yes," said the woman. "Are yon expecting somebody to meet yon, or can I get yon a cab;" asked the porter, bent rather npon his iee than npon rendering assistance. " A" o," said Irish Moll, promptly, " she just wants a lodging-for the night, and I'm the woman she's expecting to get it for her." Though accustomed to see many strange people, it occurred to the Dorter that there was something peculiar in the association of these tiro women; one of them delicate, beautiful, ladylike, for he could see that the passenger was all this, even in the gaslight; die other a common, shuffling Irishwoman, who might have been a hucksters an orangeseller, or the director of a low lodging- house. Before be had time to do more than let the curious contrast of the figures flash through his muddled brain his services were required in another direction, and he laid the handbag from Esaam down by its owner and dis "Ah, give the bag tome; sure an Til en irry it for ye. Come away with Molly, and ira get you some tay and a bloater, and make ye as comfortable as the fine house you're left Caroline allowed herself to be led away, stranger, bewildered and alone—the an accustomed noise, the lights, the cries porters, cabs dashing to and fro, peo pushing hither and thither, it seemed ai_ this - kindly speaking old woman was provi dentially sent to he? help. She was ready to lean upon any one, lest the cruel crowd should sireep over her like a torrent and leave her stranded. " Let me take honld ov yer arm, darlint," said Irish Moll, "yejare not used to this bij; town. Come aways wid ye, and we can fine yer friends in the mornin." In and out, between cabs and horses, over the road, and into a street of shops, with here and there a blaze of light illuminating the two figures, the one grim fawning, shuffling, and leading the other, a slight, well-dressed erirl with a child in her arms. It was 11 o'clock. The heat of the sun had left behind it a clammy summer haze. From streets of shops and blazing gin palaces they came to a region of houses packed together in rows, with here and there groups of men and women standing in the doorways, or lolling out of the windows to try and catch a breath of fresh air, but only succeeding in picking up the odours of stale vegetables or whiffs of strong tofcacco. " Ah, ye mustn't mind the looks of Porter's Buildings, we aren't rich any of us, but we're bonest .and .we're clane, and Molly Maloney isn't the woman to bring ye anywheres where ye'll not be comfortable." More than once Mrs. Gardner was on the point of resisting her guide's well-assumed authority, but it seemed as if the woman read her thoughts and combated them with reassuring words, and appeals to the saints and testimonials to her oira honesty. They reached a narrow passage. "There, now, we'll soon be at home," said Irish Moll, "and a cup a tay will cheer ye." Irish Moll opened the door of a small house and brought the traveller into a room fur iiished a3 a bed mad sitting-room combined. The darknesB was made dimly visible by a lamp which gave forth, more odour than light. But Molly Maloney, as the old bag delighted to call herself, turned the light up, and it fell, as with a flash of surprise, upon the pale face of Caroline Denton, seated in a chair and looking in a blank kind of way at nothing. It might have occurred to her that 'the change from The Cottage to Porter's Buildings Was something too dreadful to think of; but no such thought troubled her. She had a vague desire in her mind to find out whether she was legally married or not. And since she had left The Cottle this desire had almost given way to fear that enquiries wonld only lead to a miserable and unhappy discovery. Her leading idea at the outset had been to fly from Essam; to put The Cottage and its new possessors behind her; to get away from the brutal taunts of Migswood; to shut out the scene of her shame. Once she had thought of seeking consolation and inspiration at her father's grave, and then it dawned npon her that she did not know where he was buried. In that .iwful hour, when he was carried to a wayside hotel dead before her face, she had lost all consciousness of things, and had more or less remained in a state of insensibility for many days, She remembered during her waking moments a kind voice, a constant attendant upon her—a young man, who said he was her cither's friend, and who ministered to her every want, only at last to cast her adrift, a waif and stray upon the world. She had no papers in her possession as to her identity, no record of her father's death, no certificate of her marriage—nothing. Mr. Gardner had made a clean sweep_ of all these documents, newspapers, and writings, before leaving The Cottage and the beautiful woman who for a time had, even ID his eyes, converted it into a paradise. While travelling to London these facts, in a dreamy uncertain way, bad got into her mind, and she realized more or less her position. She was a unit in the world, a thing without a name, a homeless wanderer, belonging to nobody ; and whether heaven bad given ber a child in mockery or out of love and mercy she knew not; she only knew that -she loved it with all her heart and soul, and tiiat she would never part with it and live. As she sat staring at nothing in the parlour of No. 5, Porter's Buildings, she saw none of the indications of poverty about her. The tawdry fire-paper in the grate covered with soot; the torn blind, yellow with dirt and age; the cracked cupa and saucers that Molly Maloney placed npon the ricketty table; the kettle she tried to bofl over a lamp on the mantelshelf. The wanderer saw none of these things ; her thoughts were far away, and in spite of her they were following in imagination the fortunes of Tristram Decker. She fancied she saw him in some far distant corner of America, and it was something approaching to a comfort to her to feel that ne was thinking of her. He was the ouly friend the had in the world, and she had eeen him looking over the gate in the Vale of Essam. At first that vision only impressed her with the belief that he was dead ; for they were superstitious people in her southern home, and the old negress who nursed her as a child constantly saw ghosts and spirits. Since yesterday, however, her troubled mind had put out hands, as it were, to leel for something or somebody te cling to, and they had brohght back the thought that perhaps Decker was coming to her; that the vision she had seen was the shadow of his coming, the warning sent on before. While she was regarding this possibility with child- like satisfaction, however, the woman's view of the situation intervened and made hershudder. What could she say to Tristram Decker? If he sought her it would be with his heart full of love for her, fuU of tender memories. And even the declaration, "I am married," .as if it were not bitter enough, might be contradicted in his hearing, and he would look upon her as an outcast, a thing for scorn and contumely. Irish Moll went on talking to her lodger, who made her no answer, but presently rose and staggered to the bed. (To be continued.) £Sp Ye bauks and braes o' bonnie Daon, _ How can ye bloom sae fresh and fair? It is because, the poet says, St. J acobs Oil cures pain and care. 2'J2zk tar Valuable disooveet for the hub.—It your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Benewer," tor it «oiH positively reilor?. inmry ease Grey or White hair to ito original colour, without leaving the disagreeable eciell of most " Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly bewtiftd, as well as promoting the growth of the heir on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. ASK your Chemist for "THE Mexican Hax& Benewsk," sold by Chemists and Perfumf re everywhere at 8s. 6d. per bottle. Whole Sitle depot rasiovM to 8S. jTarriu^djn-roid, London lltcsd •r Fi_t)R.!xnfE! -FOR thisTEETH una ftauxs —A lew drops'of the liquid "EloriUne sprinkled on a wet toTrth- brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the fJlb from all parasites or impurities, hardens the guas, prevents tartar, etw decay? Kivee to the teeth a peculiar pssrir-Khiteness and a delightful fiagianra to the braitti. It removes all unpleasant odomraxtapgnom decayed teeth or obacco smoke. The Fragrant FlpriiiliB," being composed in part of Honey and eweet Herb s. iadelicious to the taste, and tbeftiaatsst toilet discovery of the age. Price 2b. 64., of aU Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to £8 FarrinKdon-road. Loudon. lMH 