Y.R.C. SPRING MEETING. FIRST (DEFOiV) DAY. Cfeqh or* meleqcrm: ooc2£srosi>£NT Saturday. | It is a little too early as yet to say whether the YJIC. Spring llace Meeting, which commenced to day, is to* eeli|>se all similar carnivals which have gone before it. but the undiminished interest hi I racing, the brilliancy of the horses engaged, and other J signs. make such a result seem not uulikelv. f Although the weather tliis morning was suifi- ] ciently uncertain to raise doubts in the breasts of j the j»osse5fo:s of elaborate toilets as to the wisdom of I giving them an airing, the attendance was well up to that of other Derby Days. In fact, without wishing to exaggerate, and in the , absence of the official returns, I may venture to say ! that it was larger. The various improvements which 1 have already been referred to in uiy letters had, no j doubt, something to do with the abnormally large j concourse. Although Providence is not generally i SHj'j*o~ed t4>ha**emnt*h to do with racing matters, souie influence acted beneficially ou the weather, and a somewhat threatening morning develoi>ed into a beautiful day. The various stands j bo*h on the lull, the enclosure, and the flat were crammed, and the lull presented the j spectacle of a seething mass of heads. Vice-royalty j was probably never so well represented." the vice-regal box l»eing occupied by his Excellency Sir Henry Loch. Lord Carrington (X.SAV.), Sir j "William Kobinson (S.A.). and Sir George Strahan (Tasmania), w ith their respective suites. The crowds as usual, was most orderly, and there was little for the huge body of police present to do. The train j arrangements werejexeelleiit. arid so. it goes without | saying, were those of the club. Sir Strakcr, the dub's i caterer, as "usual, gave every satisfaction to his | patrons. A novel and interesting feature in the day's proceedings was the decoration of Trident with the blue riband by Mr llarrie Smith. For the ilolhani Handicap there werestarters.and ! the result was a splendid struggle between Isououiy , and Boolka, resulting in & dead heat. In the Hotham Handicap. Claptrap, whose great speed has been exhi bited more than once, showed that he is still the flyer of old by bowling over a field of good horses with consummate easts. There were eighteen runners in the Maribyrnong Plate, and the race was won by the South Australian filly llortense, who had to cany 141b penalty, the favorite Lara t»euig unable to secure a place. Lord Carringtons colors, buff with light blue cap, w ere carried lyEsperauce but the filly direct* d her companions when the course projH:r was reached. The great race of the «iav—t be l'erby—brought out only seven starters. Trident, the favorite, looked beauti ful, fully justifying the confidence placed In bun. lie won, but not so very easily, arid in the straight it looked as if Chesluuii was going to wear the blue riband. When getting near home, however. Trident i succeeded, under rather severe punishment, in dhqto ; sing of the other and beating him by over alengtiu First C-ousuL whose chance looked very hoj*eless at one stage, pulled up well and finished fourth. The time—gmui. BDsec.—which is very' fast, is equal to tlmt made by Martini-Henry when he won in IfcSB. Huron won the Selling llace rather easily, and the Cobuig Stakes fell to l*ay Star. The dead heat in the Hotham Handicap was run oil, and Isonomy won. The following is a detailed account of the day's Meleouexe Stakes.—A sweepstakes of Ssovs, with giX> added. Second horse to receive DOsQVs. AVelghfc for age. One mile and a quarter. S.Milkrsbrh BooJka, aged, Pst -libs(Olds) .. t ,VL Locke*s b lr Isonomy, -5yrS, i)st (Quinn) .. 1 V,". E. Lord's b c Lrav o, Byrs, 7st lllb (Gallagher) 11 The following horses also started—Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry, Menottl, Lord "William. Tamarisk. Crossfire. Letting—5 to 2 Sheet Anchor, to 1 Crossfire. Boolka was the first to show to the front, fol lowed by Isonomy. Along the river Boolka still led, with Lord "William, Isonomy, Sheet Anchor, and the rest in a bunch t Grace Darling last. At tlie bridge. Lord William was in the" Cm place, with Boolka on close terms, and Lonotiiy and Crossfire immediately behind. At tiie back L ord William <£11 held the pride of place. with Boo-ka, isonomy. Sheet Anchor. Crossfire, and Menottl forming a short taiL At the Alcittoirs, Lord William led by li^li-a-leiigtlifi-om Cros-fire. with Sheet Anchor, lsououiy,and Boolka next, in that order. Lord "William managed to keep in front to the sheds, with Sheet Anchor gaining lost, and at the bend Mr Louglilin's veteran took the bad. followed by Isonomy, Cross fire. and Grace Darling. The same order was pre served entering the straight running, but at the distance Booikj. and Isonomy came up with a tremendous rush, and one of the most ex citing fini-hes ever witnessed ou a racecourse en sued, ending in a dead beat. Bravo, who had in the mg.intiiu£ .emerjetl from the ««•!? f^ourin'-' »«» third about two lengths behind, lime—2mm lg,sec. ilortiA^ ILaxoicai*—Sweei»stakes of fisovs, with B(»0 sovs added t >cco:id horse 7('50vs, and third Bdsovs. One mile and a-half and a distance. T. Wiiittmgham's b h Claptrap, age«h 7st<Bamage) 1 lion. J. AViiite*s ch h Hexham, 4 vrs, 7st (Huxley).. 2 G. Davis* b m Came line, aged, Tst bib (£mith) 2 The following al ~o started ;—Biuguiaster, Stiver King. Fust Prince, Lesbia, ltemus. Salvo, Genoe, Tlic PeticiL FLh o' Silver. Btttiug—2 to 1 Hevhnm, c to 1 First Prince, S to 1 Salvo, Itinginaster, and The Pencil, lb to 1 others. Salvo was the first to get away, followed by Lancer and Hexliaiu. Passing the stand Salvo led, followed l»y Hexham, Lancer, Lesbia. and the rest altogether. Ki-h o* Silver last. At the back Hexham took the lead, followed by Salvo, Le- hLg Pencil, and Lancer. At the Alattoirs Salvo caiue to the front, with llexhaia and Lesbia on close terms, and tills order was maintained past the sheds ami to the bend. Entering the straight Claptrap made a sensational rush and passed through the field like a meteor, coming in an easy winner by over three lengths, with Hexham second, Lancer third ou his quartets, Pencil fcmtli. Salvo filth. Silver King sixth, and Fish o" Silver last. First Prince threw his rider at the luck of the course, but neither sus tained any injury. Time. 2mhn 521 see. MAUiinriiXON« Plate.—Sweepstakes of 29sovs, with added. For gyrold-. Second horse to receive BX'sovs. and third 20iL<ox's (04 sul>s). live furlongs. C- L. M'Douald's br f Hortense, Ost albs (Cami^ 1h;11) .. 1 W.Coo|>er*s br c Huntingtower, Sst lolb? (Kelso) 2 W. Pearson's br e Bedouin. Sst lOlbs (Power) .. B _ Matamim. Es-cx, Escutcheon, Albert Loddon. Jcbu sile, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Pcrhajn.-, yiigtictoe, Eckers ley. Esjierance. Lara, Oceana, and Mi.auda also storied. Betting—1 to 1 Lira, '»to 1 Pcriiap?. 7 to 13ILtie toe ami llortenst-, 10 to I others. Huntmgtower got away with the start, followed by Perhaps Mistletoe, and Albert Loddon. At tlie tali Aberut-eJi toc-k tlie lead, with Uorten^e, l'erliaj^, Huntingtower, and Miraiida dose up. Here Lord Car ringtou's filly K-perance distinguhhed herself by ruimhig eff towards the sheds. Inside the straight running Bedouin and llortensc were on terms fighting for first I'laee, with the rest all in a htaji. At the distance Oceana made an effort. a:id for a uiomeut led Uortense, hut half-way home the mure agahi took the lead, challenged by Bedouin and Jluntingtow er. Ilortcnse won a splendid race by half a length, Huntingtowvr second, and Bedouin a nevk behind: Lara was fourth, and 31ist]fctoe and Essex last. Time, Imiu. 71 sec. The Victociax Dnninr.—Sweej»stakes of 2T/sors each, "with ija'1 addcJL Second horse lWsovs, and tliird ft'isovs. Foriyrs old (IBB subs). One mUeand a lialf. lion. J. "White's eh e Trident, Sst H'lbs (Uales) .. 1 1>. Cooper a eh c- Chesham. fcsi 1 Olb (Kobertsou) -. - A. It- Uladrwood's ch c Aminos S~t lOlbs (Power).. 2 Sir \V. Clarke's b c tirsst Consul, sit H'lb (O'Erien) -- 0 G. imrs b e Kimrfirh. S=t 101b OPCrade) 0 ilcu. J. White's br jr Volcano, Sst 71b (Ellis) — 0 W. A- Long's ch i Maddelina, Sst 51b (Colley) .. 0 1 Jotting—2 to 2 on Trident, 5 to 1 Maddelina. 10 to IJTolcauo, 12 to 1 First Consul, Chesham, 20to 1 KimrfLdi. Airlaos. Arter auood start Chesham's colors were the first to show. followed l»v Kii*giish and Volcan o, First Consul being last. Passing the judges box. Volcano was leading. followed at distances of two and tliree lengths by Ckeslruu and Kingfi-h. and then came Maddelina. Trident, Aglaos, and First CousuL The same order w maintained right round the course until the sheds, when the order was Volcano, Cbesbain, Trident, hingfish. Aglaos. Maddelina, and First Consul. At the turn Cheslmu had a lead o£ four lengths, Volcano liaving fallen hack beaten, after making the running for liis stable companion. Four length? behind Cbtshaiu was Tri dent. then ICIngfish Volcano, Airlaos, First Consul, and Maddelina. Coming up the straight, Chesham still had a lead of four lengths, but at the half dls iaii'-e Hales applied the whip, and the favorite, gal lantly answering, came In a winner by a length, Chc-s ham second, Aglaos tiiIr«L First Consul (who had been unfortunate all through) fourth, lungfisli fifth, Mad delina sixth, and Volcano last. Time—krnin t2>sec. | Seluxg lixes—Sweepstakes of Usovs, with loOsors | added. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for £129 ; Tib allowed for each reduction of £50. Seven furlongs. 1L llowiVs br h Huron, 3yrs, Tst Tib (Howie) .. 1 J. G. Keid's ch g The Ghost. aged. 7st Sib (Garry) 2 It K- Maitland's b or br g Stafford (Flddes) U The other starters were—Lando, Ellington, Louis, Straight Shot, and liovsterer. lie trine:—Even money on The Ghost, 7 to 1 against anything else. The Ghost and Huron got away at the start, but after a few strides Stafford took the lead, the position at the Abattoirs being—Stafford, lifiron, The Ghost, and Tunning so until the sheds were reached. At the half-mile post Stafford still led. The Ghost hating run ni> to second place. At the turn Huron took the lead, and kept it until the finish, the favorite coining in second, two lengths behind, with Stafford third. Tune—liuiu- fifiseta CourcG Stages.—Handicap sweepstakes of nsovs, •with 2(*kovs added. Second horse, aQsovs. One mile and a furlong. J i Davis* b c Day star, 2yrs, fist tlbs (Williams) .. 1 X. Coffey's br hSt. John, byrs, Tat 121 bs (William son) .. 2 S. Martin's b g llogiuanay, aged. 7st olbs (Uobert 50ll) ~ .. 2 The following horses also etarted :—William Tell, Dunlop. Lord Wilton, Satyr. Recall, Gardenia, The Xun, Focokontas, Tlie Agent, Newmaster, Gadllv, Albanus, Muroney, Myall King, Goldlake, The Fobber, Rosary. Retting—Oto 1 Goldlake, The Aun. 20 to 1 Day Star. WflTiatu Tell took the lead, and kept it round the course to the bend, when Tocahontas ran into first place, followed by William Tell, Marouey, and 2Cew master. Tins order was maintained until the straight, j when William Tell again took the lead, with The A'un | and Lord Wilton dose up. At the distance Day Star i came up with a rush, followed by St. John aud 11 og'- j in auay, and they iinbshed hi that order. The Auu j fourth. Lord Wilton fiftli, Newinaster sixth, The i Agent seventh, Satyr being last. Time—limn. DTsec. 