fftt SF&rttte;? & ffirazier. The Horse and his Senses. The horse comes into the world, says the Ohio Farme , with his five senses in full vigor. His ears are Jso arranged that they can be turned to catch a sound from any direction. His nose is large, and he can scent his friend or enemy a great way off. His mouth is so made that he can tell what he is eating better than you or I can. His feeling is as delicate as tbe touch of a blind man, and his eyes are so placed in his head that he may have a large field of vision. And yet his master, man, who does not like to be deprived of any of his senses, shows a lack of even horse sense when hs puts blinds on him and drives him. Why should not a horse see anything approaching in the rear as well as from the front ? Why not put bliuds on him when you ride him or turn him out to graze? Why not hinder the proper exercise of his hearing, smell or taste ? Tbe horse is the only animal, save the mule, that is blinded. Perhaps his (.the mule's) heels might be leathered with more property. Bliuds cover the most handsome fea tures of the horse. What is prettier than the full hazel eye of ahorse? Can a horse reason ? We say yes. Then cauuot he come to a better con clusion when his eyes are not obstructed ? The horse should see the whip in the driver's hand and know when all the members of the family are seated. If he can't see the whip he soon learns to hear the driver pull it from the whip socket. More horses run away because they cannot see, but hear the ghost thnn.if they could see and hear it too, as seeing often dispels all fear. Nature put a handsome Jsuit of hair on the horse, and yet men use the clippers. And what for? The man who would do so ought to be stripped of all clothing and made to stand in the cold till — well, till he conld practice the "Golden Rule." All horses when warm should be well blanketed, and in fly time well netted, as stamping at the fliett will stiffen the joints nnd worry the animal. It was a humane act to cease the practice of nicking and docking the tail. The horse is one of man's most useful auimals, and we ought to treat him kindly. Dou't let us make him " go it blind " any more. 