INDIA AND THE COLONIES. The: European Mail comments strong ly upon the apathy shown by.: the ^English -Press generally re^ardm£ colonial politics, as also the tferid&iicy; there is now-a-days~fco be satiStie3',i on 'even great subjects which affect the destinies of nations, with the brief in telligence conveyed from time to time through Beuter'a telegrams.; There is no doubt great force in this. - Every one knows that now the arrival of the Engl'eh mail has little interest-;* men say they have no time to read the papers, and if they had they could scarcely bring themselves-to do it, be cause, like some novel readers, the telegraph -.wire .has assisted them to read the last page containing the plot, And the charm-is gone. There is j no doubfr that ere long much more will j be done, so far as newspapers are con-: cerned, by means of the telegraph.j But although this will' satisfy the the craping that is manifesting itself in this last age, for the latest news, in the shortest possible space, it is very questionable whether men or the world will be much better for it. The Mail says" From thiB point of view it would be worth the expense of a Hoyal Commission to inquire as to how far the cable has been instructive as & Mentor. We kuow that for trade purposes it is valuable, but-we fancy that, upon: second thoughts,eventhoseinour Colo-: nies and India who take its vibrations j as texts for comment in respect of! actual facts and issue must feel bow un reliable are the data upon which their thoughts are brought to bear. And if this be so, manifestly the world must to a great extent ,be misled by imagery. Well, who can wonder then that we are at sixes and a sevens in re spect of what is good for us as a nation and an Empire? Perhaps there never was a more concrete axiom than that which says something about one-half of the world knowing nothing about how the other half lives, and certainly the time would seem to give this axiom proof, siuce the.bulk of England has very little knowledge of the power which our own people have created for us outside qf it. To say, then, as some people do say, that the need for intercommunication between as in the shape of journalism has been superse ded by the " wire," would be to con cede that the thought of the world has been reduced to the compass of a pin. Let originality take the place of patchwork theory, let the best thought of England, in striving in honest con troversy with the thought that is res ponsible for. colonial and Indian i opinion, pay some heed to its inspir ation, and then we fancy a new order Qf things would come to the front which wquM pit to the rout that ' very superior' notion which theorists cuddle to their bouIb when dealing out platitudes that ate as weak as they are offensive to those to whomthey are addressed." We often hear people snepripg at those Australian journa lists who at time? venture an opinion on English politics. There may be an absurdity where sections of the colonial press, who have but data to go upon, launch out in suggestions, to Mr Gladstone, and others who seriously point out at times that had certain advice offered by them been acted upon the Soudan difficulty and several others would have been avoided. But there is no doubt that in affording the people of t^e polonies a general view of Englsh politics a good worl$ is being accom plished, and one that will maintain the bond which we hope will continue to exist between the Mother Country and her colonies. But it would seem that even the criticism of the colonial press on home affairs, instead of evoking smiles, as some think, is f:e|r§rded with pleasure. This is what the pappp tp -jyhiph ^ye have alluded eays on thp subjectJ?or oar-selyes, we may say that the comments of colonial and Indian pressmen are to us as bright silver to dull lead when read in the light in which the in terests of the Colonies and India are discussed by the home press, and that hence we cannot but come to the con clusion that honest comment upon home affairs, if it be breathed in a kindred spirit, and is as far as pos sible devoid of party feeling, must b§ ag welcome to them as their sin cere breathings grp tfi u?- It would be a po^rerfql leyer iu the direction of unity if the self-sufficiency of England could grasp this idea. Well would it be to outrage sense to say that it is because the bulk pf English Quidnuncs, when discussing the in terests of our outlying dependencies, present to their admiring readers a landscape in which there is no light or 6haSe th$J; ignorance prevails upon the subject of our mutual interests P We think not, since it is from a want of unity of feeling, due to a right appreciation pf fl|e connection, that we have gone wrong. Vfe h^d[ quacks all over the shop, ^.ud, as eye?y Colonist knows, thpir no§truq^s have nearly poisoned ub since they h^ye been compounded of a materia medica that is as varied as it is deluding. . Light, therefore, is wanted all round. But if; we are to lire upop thp inspiration of the wire, how are vyp tp get it? If therefore, there be any force in an: argument designed to consolidate j thought as between man and man, iyhepefer he may be. obviously the ! contention' that 'the 'brief and pften^ times ^misleading Beuter is all-suffi Sjent as an authority and an index of be qpinip|i of |Cpg]apd, fftust be not only a delusion'apd a snare, but a piece of downright wickedness and obtuBenese in rpspeyit of interests of which those who advance this idea Lave but a .very immature knowledge. If we should say that the interests of our Colonies and India are strangled by- a Fftpp fciriiiultLted of a fibre for which ignorance, qnd $filf<-a5Sijn?ption are responsible, we do not think we should be yerv wide of the mark. In conclusion the Mail says:— " Thought can only reciprocate thought when it i§ uniBion; and it would be just about as ha possible for ttae lion to sympathise with the canning of & b^bppj} £9 for a colonist or Anglo Indian tfi §f p ^ofhpr'f gjilk thp Alliterated stiitf wnjph js ofteji $palt out to thetn in reply-to their griev ances. In this ^hepefp^e, ffho shall say that comment; ia adead let ter? If King Renter is to dominate opinion, why. then Brevity must domi nate, and the brain power of leader writers and the extended reports of pliorthand.writers will have to be 'boil ed down' to the capacity of a 2-lb. tinof Australian meat.. We shall un derstand each other better than we do noW, and we shall come to have a more happy knowledge of our relations both as Mother Country and Dependencies, when the press, of England shall elect to analyse the thought of the press of the Colouies and of India in a spirit that will be of advantage to all concerned. For years past, and even now, there has been no right appreciation of the value of expert comment in this regard. Now and again ' an inspired article appears iu the daily press on the value of the Im perial connection, and as often another appears that is opposed to it. But what is the value of either, having re gard to the knowledge of the bulk of England in respect of her interest out side the Ajjgles ? Obviously nil. Wholesome comment would be in structive, and until readers, both on this and the other side of the equator, oav more attention to the comment of experts in respect of what is good for England and her colonies, than to the spare food supplied by Reuter, clearly neither the one nor the other can be in harmony as respects thought and motive. While Seuter sometimes, in his brevity, disturbs harmony, com ment preserves it; so that after all, however late in the day it may come to our distant dependencies, it should be regarded as a curative for the sins of which Reuter has been guilty, and serve to feed minds that are strong in their resolve to erect other EngJands oil our foundation. For ourselves, we find the comment of our colonial and Indian contemporaries both in structive and sustaining, even though it is read long after the telegrams are forgotten, and we have reason to be lieve that this feeling is reciprocated by writers both in the Colonies and in ludia." A Russian Toupedo Sca^dai,.—A corres pondent of the Novoe Vremya it Vladivoatocfe saya the Engineer has provoked a sensation in Russian nav*i circles by disclosing the follow ing incident. A few weeks ago the Q-errasn steamer China set out for Port Posaiett, uu aware that the harbor was closed by a double row of torpedoes, which had been placed there during the war scare in the spring. On its orrival the boat stationed to warn vessels was not in it* piace, and the German captain did not observe the red flag hoisted on the shore, where also the naval picket was absent. Two or three persens observing the danger in to which the vessel was running, shouted out . " Mini, mini." (Mines ! mines !) but the cap tain did not realise what they meant until close to the first torpedo barrier. It was than too late to reverse the engines, and amidst a panic amongst the passengers on board, he decided to trust to luck and steam full speed ahead. A terrible pause followed, succeeded by a feeling of astonishment when the steumer was seen to have traversed both rows of sub marine mines and to be calmly makiug her way into the harbor. The torpedoes were supposed to be of the best quility, received irom Kuesia last spring, and they were laid down by experienced officers, who lia.1 report ed (hat it was impossible for even the ema'lest fishing smack to enter the harbor without being blown to pieces. None the less they proved a dismal failure when tested by the China, and the Russian Admiralty have tele graphed that the most searching investigation «hall be mitde into the affair. At St Peters burg it is not believed that the officers bungled in laying them down, but that the mUhap was due to a repetition of what occurred more than once with the submarine mines iu Russia used against Sir Charles Napier in the Baltic. Failing to check that gtllant officers operat ions, they were hauled up and examined, when it was found that the rascally officials ashore had purlioned the gunpowder and rep!aced it with sawdust. Sebastian Geobge in Cornwall.—A Cornwall paper of November 13 writes "After Mr Alfred Capper's teance at Ked rutb a few evenings ago, several of the lead ing residents, as well as Mr Capper himself, were fairly surprised to learn that they had daring the evening beeniassistirte ta entertain ia the person of Mr Sebastian George a gentleman who has gained groat repute in Australia as a revealer of thought. The enter tainment was n success, tlie first ptrt consist ing of sleight-of-hand and rope-tying, the second part of singing and musical selections, after which several inteiesting experiments of thought-reading were indulged in, Mr George being used by Mr Capper as his subject or two occasions very successfully. At the close Mr Capper was (net i;i $lie anteroom by Mr George, who, aftei? apologising for the inop portune moment he was compelled by force of circumstances to choose for his self- imposed task, challenged Mr Capper to a public con test of thought- transference or mind-reading. He would allow Mr Capper choice of hail#, and would not be exacting in any of the pre liminaries. He would give Mr Capper his own time, so tbqs it did ngt extend oier fifteen months, and 'would meet him free or for a sum of money; but if the latter it should be giyen to some charity, as Mr George never appropriates any of the p o eeeds of his seances. He produced proof of his abiiity by letters signed by Australian Ministers of tjie Crown, Q-Ofefnors, M P.'s, leading medical authorities, representatives of tbe Church and Civic authorities, ail bear ing witness to his success iq such places as the Government House, Adelaide, the Houst of Assembly, the residence of Chief Justice Way, Bishop's Court, and a liumbor of the largest halls. Mr G-eorge stated that this matter had been tbe chief cause of his travel ling over 12,000 miles of sea water, and he hoped to meet Messrs Cumberland and Bishop as well as Mr Capper, The interview ended by Mr Guppor declining to snpol Mr George publicly. A New System of Deedging.—The current number of Chamber's Journal thus describes a new system of drrdging devised by Mr B. H. Hiwaitf, of Liverpool t—r" A novel system of qr.etigjpg, b^t one which seems likely to eiipe^eRe former imperfect methods has been devised recently. A vessel propelled by hydraulic power is employed, the time selected for operation bg-^ug 'ebb ^ide, ana from this vessel specially flev^sed telescopic tubes project beneath. Water is forced through these uflder immense pressure, and in powerful jets or streams enters the accumu lations, of eand, tnud, $c., ^nqwi) qs silt, which it is desired to remqve from the bed of the channel. The eiU <lt onpe rises, and in accordance with one of the laws of hydrau'ic6 is held in suspension, and carried along by the tide. The inventor of the new "system says tliqt as tjje yes?el is gradually propelled through the ^oter enqtmcme qpcuii|qlaliqiis of silt can be distyrbgd and removed in a jnere fraction of the time required by the usual dredging oper^tjong," Copeeh Telegraph Wires.—Engineering writes :—" To meet the increased telegraph traffic promised by the sixpenny telegrams, the Post-Office r^n a copper line fropa London to Newcastle. Ttie Wire was of No. 14 guage, *080 inch in diameter, and weighed 100 1b per tnile. The length from London to New castle wag 278*08 miles. A corresnondina galvanised—iron wire w»s found to have ar. electrostatic capapity &bq;^t 8 per pent, more than tlig coppee "one j anci tlie speed of signalling on the copper wire was decidedly superior to that on the iron wire. Thus copper gave 414 words per minute, whereas iron gave 815 words. This gain of speed is not entirely due, however, to the lower ^apapifcy of the copper, auppqejng the resistance of the t?d wires "prkoticaHy the same. Mr Preece thinks it is doe to s greater eleotric&l; suscep tibility of copper as compared with iron. His opinion, we may add, is borne o^t by ?rcfee«ar ^ugfcqe, ^io ig ^ pyesan* encaged In investigating tfois phenomenon wiili ' the induction ^ajanoe. Erofeisor' Hughes findB that copper is more sensitive, ' molecularly jpe^kirg, ^o changes in an plpctr^c current thqij iron )s. jFor example, he finds it im possible to balance a copper against, an iron .wire of exactly the same resistance in the Whea+Gtone bridge until after a definite but very short time which the current takes to Attain its maximum in *he iron ^ire. This eSeot, trhioh is pot noticeable'with the ordi nary galvanometer," is, in "his opinion, not entire'yd ue to the electroslatto capacities of the wires, but to some molecular inertia or pe culiarity of their molecular const* uction.*' Thjs Rescms op 'Pbotecxlgn m AaiEaic-k. —Mr. T. C. Barnes, a Birmingham Trades1 Unionist, has received a letter. Jrom a former feliop-workman. now iii Amenoa, in which he says :—I am truly sorry to Jtell you we are out on strike. The employers want to reduce us 25 per cent again. This, as you know, has been done, and we suffered it about eighteen months ago. I see you are preparing for the general election. Sow, whatever too cid do in pierenting the system of fair trade do so. If our friends want to knoor what Protection is, thpy should come over here. They offar good wages ; but you are charged very near 'iouble for any appare- you require. I have worn my clothes till you c-innot tell th* pui tern, so dear is everything—as well as ho-jso rent. I have had enough of a Protection country. What is the uso of getting more money when y«u have to pay double for everything ? There are hundreds and thous ands of men starving. You cannot walk any where but what you see crowds of men out of work. I bought a billycock—a soft- one— just before we came out. What, do you think I paid for it ? Eleven shillings. Now I have bought in Newcastle many a one far betier for 3s. Boots, you can get nothing under 22s or 24s per pair. Now, I want you as secretary to tell all our trade, when they talk of coming over, let them know the true position. I have been fill over the States, and I shall soon be back. After being here seven years I am in a worse position than when I left the Old Country. Sptfebikg in New Yoee.—The following shocking incident serves to show that, bad as limes are, we have no poverty such as is found in some of tlie large centres of popula tion in America and the old country :—Tlie state of misery which exists among a portion of the population of New York is evidenced by a strange act of maternal devotion which look place the other day. Professor .Times Walsh was husj- in the dissecting room of the New York University Medical College when he was told that a woman wished to speak with him. As visitors *vere rare to him when so engaged, be ordered her to be slK>wn in. A tall woman, past middle lif-% with Q-er^nnn features and accent, was shown in. You ore the superintendent here ?" she asked. "I have a body nt home I wish to dispose of, and I am told you buy such things." She wa« informed thit such was the case, but. that there must be no mutilation or infection. ' Oh," sho replied, " this body is all rioht, and I will be responsible fir it. Yon see ray children are hungry, and it will not do to starve when one can get bread ; I do hate to sse them dying before my very eyes, while I am"able to eive them no help." " If it is the b'»dy of one of your children," the Professor said, " it will bo of no use to us." " It is not one of my children's bodies, but my own, which I wish to sell, for I can get bread new no other way ; and you c in have it as eoon as I receive the money, for I ci n .die easy when I know tlie little ones have had something to eat." The Professor saw by the women's manner that her offer was in earnest and in good faith, and he at once gave her five dollars which would at least postpone the necessity for carrying out the proposed transaction. Maternal devotion could surely go uo further than this.—Standard, Manners in the Commons.—In an article on the lamented death of the late Serjeant-at Arms, the Standard observes :—" The ; gradual deterioration of men and manners in ! the new House ol Commons nil] not, we fsar, be stayed even by the advent of a Consecu tive majority.'' " Even" is very good. Let any ordinary careful reader of the reports ol the proceedings of tbe House of Commons, I who possesses the instincts of an English : gentlemai, give a candid answer to the inquiry whether the general demeanour ol tbe Conservative Opposition during tbe last Parliament or of tlio Liberal Opposition during the 1874 Parliament was the more ii accordance with the canons of good breeding. There cannot be a shadow of doubt that the reply would be—a reply, moreover, given with tiiple emphasis if the observer had had frequent opportunities of attending the sit tings of both Houses—that in various respects, and specially in regard to dje vehement cross-examination of Ministers on delicite points on foreign policy, and the indecorous interruptions resoited to during the speeches of the most distinguished stales men, the standard ol manners displayed on tlifl left of the Speaker's eliair was conspicu ously lower during the last five ^ears than during the previous six. This remark, it m:iy be added, holds without any inclusion among the Conservative ranks of their new Irish allies. It can only be hoped that in the m-w House of Conmons, on whichever side of it they may sir, the Conservatives no Jess than tlie Liberals will remember that they are responsible for the conservation of the tra ditions of the most famous representative Assembly in the world.—Leeds Mercury Correspondent. A New Development of BorcoxriNQ—/Th.; New York Nation says ;—The closing of the great factories cf one of the largest, cigar making Grills in the country, and the conse quent throwing out of work of over 2,000 men, women, and children upon the edge of winter, bccause the manufacturers have been boycotted for some reason which neither they nor anybody else can clearly understand, is the moat startling maiiifestatiqn we have yet had of this now alt^riijijig force in busi ness affairs, As nearly as can he made out, the trouble in Straiton & Storm's cise is due to the quarrel of two rival union of workmen, one of which has s.-t out to destroy the busi ness of the firtn as a means of showing its superiority to the other organisation, and establishing its poxver in lutqre ta dictate terms fo $'le (fade. The inhumanity of the boycotting system cquid not bp more fqrciblv exemplified than in the reckless disregard ot the comfort of thou^^ds of families involved in this IieartJeiS performance. Indeed, boy cotting is rcaily only the application of dyna mite methods to business. The sime spirit which endangered th*> lives of innocent women and children in the Tower of London, in order, by irightful espiosion^ tQ inspire dread in the hearts o.f the British govern ment, nonch&lently; condemns 2000 New York workmen to idleness, and the ntiier thousands of people dependent upon them to privation, in order that a union which is as devoid of eoul as the traditional corporation may demon: strate its power. Asr Ipc-GNyEiTfEST Fashion.—In Jap«n etiquette demands that when a gentleman calie upon a l»dv be shall stay until she give? him "the office" to depart. To go sooner would be a fearful solecism. Tl'^is {mstom put a ifapariegc visitor, to ^London in an awk ward fix recently. He went during the morn ing to pay a first call, and found only the lady of the house at home. Hour after hour he stayed ; luncheon came, but lie went not, and during the afternoon lie ottaclied himself to til? household furo,itu^2 a* fixedly as though he wore a hniliff, although he felt himself to ie as unwelcome as chat official. At length dinner and the master of the house arrived aitnultane onsly, but still he stuck to his position like another defeated Premier of N.S. W. the evening the ^o?t hostess took half hour spells entertaining him, and at last when the clock announced ghost time he got up, and with the most abject apologies for leaving so soon, put himself on the outside of the front door. The visitation was o,{ itself penance enough for the l^qv, but it was not the end of h$r trouble, for Jap. told his friends about her treatment of him. He said he had never spent so bad a time before; his hostess had made him stay hour after hour, so thnt he had at last to be absolutely rndg ta her and depart without her peiroiasintt,* 