THE LAST OF JUMBO. Jombo ha3 been stuffed, and his carcase Is now on show in the laboratory of Professor Henry A. Ward, the Rochester taxidermist. There his huge bulk now stands, an effigy of departed greatness, and squints, sardonically at his well-scraped skeleton, which has been skilfully put together and set up in another corner of the room. Professor Ward took the contract some time ago, and he has success fully carried it out. The first thing was to build a huge frame of wood and iron that should conform to the beast's well-known shape. This was boarded up with two-inch strips until it looked like a hogshead mounted o i four piles of kegs. Then the hide half an inch thick and weighing 1.538 pounds was drawn over this frame. The hide was taken off his huge carcase in three pieces, and steeped in a solution of arsenic, alum, and corrosive sublimate for two months before it went upon the wooden statue of Jumbo. Then liis tusks were stuck into the sockets prepared for them, little bro-.vu glass eyes were put in their places, a coquettish twist was given to his trunk, and Jumbo was himself again. The whrie structure, weighing about three tons, stands on a strong platform, and is so bolted together that the fatigues of travel are not expected to injure it at all. A3 the effigy stands on its pedestal in Professor Ward's laboratory, it is 14 ft. long, 12 ft. high, 18 ft. about the girth, 4 ft. 10 in. across the ears, and 5 ft. 3 in. around the foot. I11 places the skin is l£ in. thick, and looks and feels like the bark of an old maple tree. It is sewed up so neatly that the seams cannot he discovered, and it i3 held to its place on the wooden frame by more thau seventy-four thousand mails. There are sparse coarse hairs all over it, and those on the trunk are sharp and stiff as needles. There were a number of longer hairs growing at the tip of his tail, but the enterprising young vandals of Canada plucked them out while he was lying in State at St. Thomas and sold them to relic-hunters at 5 dels. each. In transportation, pedestal and all wilL be lifted upon a wagon which is twenty-five feet long, and can be raised and lowered at will. This will be drawn about the ring at Madison square Garden with the children on the back of the wooden monster, just as in the days when he enjoyed a flesh and blood and gingerbread existence. Wagon and all will be loaded upon a special car, the body of which is only six inches above the ground. Next in importance to the substan tial ghost of " J. Africans." stands his skeleton. This would stock a b<»ne-boiling establishment for a year. It weighs 800 pounds, and is said by Professor Ward to be the largest skeleton of a modern terrestrial mammal in the. world. It towers up in the air, a framework of huge, bleached bones and ribs, held together by iron and copper rods, bolts, and rivets. Jumbo was not by any means the venerable monster that many people supposed him to be. He was not twenty-five years old when he forgot to get out of the way of that rail road train, and had many years more to get his growth. He increased seven inches in height while in America. His tusks, which were worn off short by perpetual rubbing against the walls of his English prison cell, grew a foot. What the art people would call " a private view " of (his immortal pachyderm was given to a number of newspaper men at Rochester. In order that the party might have a fellow-feeling for the deuarted elephant they were fed on ivory jelly made from the inner part of his tusks. Thus do the great live over again in their friends ! 