THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE. They were waiting for a train at a wayback station up in Humboldt County, and the con- versation turned to spiritualism. A weather beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said " Wall, fur my part I never did go much j on spemt-rappins, ghosts, and all of them kind er thidgs, but I tell yew, boys, I had & powerful scare wunst." " How was that ?" asked a solemn man, - with long bair, who was a travelling medium. V Wall, ye see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a-layin' in my cabin on the Little Ba'ar River. I worke up long er mid- night and got ter thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er .. lung fever four years ago that very sight. , Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankets kinder soft like." " Bats," suggested the switch-tender. " No, there ain't no rata in them parts. Putty soon I felt suthin' like aband a squeez in' my leg. I felt kinder scared then, for I know'd ther deer dogs was outside, and I was plumb sortin thar wasn't another human bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepra' in Grizzly's blankets, too, so I aez : ' Is that you, Smith ?' " - " And there was two raps," said the long- haired man. "No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin', rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp-'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek." " Case of materialisation," said the long- haired party. " Bats," said the switch-tender again. " I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled the trapper. " I 'low I was badly soared then, an' their cold sweat a-droppin offen me. ' Does yer want ter kermoonieate suthin,' Grizzly f ses I. Then ther buzzin . ; begin agin. After that suthin' teched my ; other hand." " Rats," wedged in tho switchman. " You'll have to heelyerself if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker," said the hunter, omin- ously. "Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blan- - kits offen me, jumped up and struck a light.*' " And what did you see ?" " Way, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nuthin' but a plain, ord'nary rattler. An' me most scared ter death by ther durn thing's monkeyings, too. Well, you beti, jest roiled over and laughed till I thought I'dbuBt." . * " And the snake ?" asked the erowd. " The snake P" said the trapper, simply, ; " Well, I diarsmember what-I guess I step- ped on its head, or suthin*. No, gents,! don't take no stock in sperrits. Here's ther train," _ 