THE UPPER BERTH. By T. MARION CRAWFORD? Author of "Mr, Isaacs," "Dr. Claudius "Zoroaster," &c;, &c.; ( Continued.) What the deuce do you mean, you scoundrel, by leaving that port open every night? Don't you know it is against the regulations ? Don't you know that if the ship heeled and the water began to come in ten men could not shut it? I will report you to the captain, you black guard, for endangering the ship." I was exceedingly wroth. Tne man trembled and turned pale, and then began to Bhut the round glass plate with the heavy brass listings. "Why don't you answer me?" I said roughly. "If you please, sir," faltered Robert, "there's nobody on board as can keep this 'ere port shut at night. You can try it your self, Bir. I ain't a-goiDg to stop hany longer on board o' this vessel, sir; 1 ain't indeed. But if I was you, sir, I'd just clear out and go and sleep with the surgeon, or something, I would. Look 'ere, sir, is that fastened what you may call securely, or not, sir ? Try it, Bir, see if it will move a hincb." I tried the port, and found it perfectly tight. " Well, sir," continued Robert triumphantly, " I wager my reputation as a A1 steward, that in 'aif an hour it will be open again; fastened back, too, sir, that's the horful thing—fastened k^xamined the great screw and the loop;d nut that ran on it. "If I find it open in the night, Robert, I will give you a sovereign. It is not possible. You may go. _ " Sovereign, did you say, sir? Very good, sir. Thank ye, sir. Good night, sir. Rleasant reepose, sir, and all manner of hincliantin' dreams, sir." Robert scuttled away, delighted at being re leased. Of course, I thought he was trying to account for his negligence by a silly story, in tended to frighten me, and I disbelieved him, The consequence was that he got his sovereign, and I spent a very peculiarly unpleasant night. I went to bed, and five minutes after I had rolled myself up in my blankets the inexorable Robert extinguished the light that burned steadily behind the ground-glass pane near the door, I lay quite still in the dark trying to go to sleep, but 1 soon found that impossible. It had been some satisfaction to be angry with the steward, and the diversion had banished that unpleasant sensation I had at first ex perienced when I thought of the drowned man wlio had been my chum; but I was 110 longer sleepy, and I lay awake for some time, oc casionally glancing at the porthole, which I could just see from where I lay, and which in the darkness looked like a faintly luminous soup-plate suspended in blackness. I believe I must have lain there for an hour, and as I remember I was just dozing into sleep when I was roused by a draught of cold air, and by distinctly feeling the spray of the sea blown upon my face. I started to my feet, and not having allowed in the dark for the motion of the ship, I was instantly thrown violently across the state-room upon the couch which was placed beneath the port hole. I recovered myself immediately, how ever, and climbed upon my knees. The port hole was again wide open and fastened back! Now these things are facts, I was wide awake when I got up, and I should certainly have been waked by the fall had I still been dozing. Moreover, I bruised my elbows and knees badly, and the bruises were there on the following morning to testify to the fact, if I myself had doubted it. The porthole was wide open and fastened back—a thing so un accountable that I remember very well feeling astonishment rather than fear when I dis covered it. I at once closed the plate again and screwed down the loop nut with all my strength. It was very dark in the state-room, I reflected that the port had certainly been opened within an hour after Robert had at first shut it in my presence, and I determined to watch it and see whether if would open again. Those brass fittings are very heavy, and by no means easy to move. I could not believe that the clump had been turned by the shaking of the screw. I stood peering out through the thick glass at the alternate white and grey streaks of the sea that foamed beneath the ship's side. I must have remained there a quarter of an hour. Suddenly, as I stood, I distinctly heard some thing moving behind me in one of the berths, and a moment afterwards, just as I turned instinctively to look—though I could of course see nothing in the darkness—I heard a very faint groan. I spraDg across the state-room and tore the curtains of the upper berth aside, thrusting in my hands to discoverif there were anyone there. There was som eone. I remember that the sensation as I put my hands forward was as though I were plunging them into the air of a damp cellar, and from behind the curtains came a gust of wind that smelt horribly of stagnant sea-water. I laid hold of something that had the shape of a man's arm, but was smooth, and wet, and icy cold. But suddenly, as I pulled, the creature sprang violently forward against me, a clammy, oozy mass, as it Eeemed to me, heavy and wet, yet endowed with a sort of supernatural strength. I reeled across the state-room, and in an instant the door opened and the thing rushed out. I had not had time to be frightened, and quickly recovering myself I sprang through the door and gave chase at the top of my speed, but I was too late. Ten yards before me I could see—I am sure I saw it—a dark shadow moving in the dimly lighted passage, quickly as the shadow of a fast horse thrown before a dog-cart by the lamp on a dark night. But in a moment it had disappeared, and I found myself holding on to the polished rail that ran aloDg the bulk head where the passage turned towards the companion. My hair stood on end, and the cold perspiration rolled down my face. I atn not ashamed of it in the least; I was very badly frightened, Still I doubted my senses, and pulled myself together. It was absurd, I thought. The Welsh rare-bit I had eaten had disagreed with me. I had been in a nightmare. I made my way back to my state-room, and entered it with an effort. The whole place smelled of stag nant Eea-water, as it had when I had waked 011 the previous evening. It required my ut most strength to go in and grope among my things for a box or wax lights. As I lighted a railway reading lantern which I always carry in case I want to read after the lamps are out, I ^perceived that the porthole was again open, and a sort of creeping horror began to take possession of me which I never felt before, nor wish to feel again. But I got a light and pro ceeded to examine the upper berth, expecting to find it drenched with sea-water. But I was disappointed. The bed had been slept in, and the smell of the sea was strong; but the bedding was as dry as a bone. I fancied that Robert had not had the courage to make the bed after the accident of the previous night—it had all been a hideous dream. I drew the curtains back as far as I could, and examined the place very carefully. It was perfectly dry. But the porthole was open again. With a sort of dull bewilder ment of horror I closed it and screwed it down, and, thrusting my heavy stick through the brass loop, wrenched it with all my might till the thick metal began to bend under the pressure. Then I hooked my reading lantern into the red velvet at the head of the couch, and sat down to recover my senses if I could. I sat there all night, unable to think of rest— hardly able able to think at all. But the port hole remained closed, and I did not bsliere it would now open again without the application of a considerable force. The morning dawned at last, and I dressed myself slowly, thinking over all that had hap pened in the night. It was a beautiful day, and I went on deck, glad to get out into the early, pure sunshine, and to smell the breeze from the blue water, so different from the noisome, stagnant odor of my stateroom. In stinctively I turned raft towards the surgeon's cabin. There he stood, with a pipe in his mouth, taking his morning airing precisely as on the preceding day, "Good morning," said he quietly, but look ing at me with evident curiosity. "Doctor, you were quite right," said I. " There is something wrong about that place," "I thought you would change your mind," he answered, rather triumphantly. "You have had a bad night, eh? Shall I make you a pick-me up? I nave a capital recipe." " No, thanks," I cried. " But I would like to tell you what happened." I then tried to to explain as clearly as possible precisely what had occurred, not omitting to state that I had been scared as I had never been scared in my whole life before. I dwelt particularly on the phenomenon of the porthole, which was a fact to which I could testify even if the rest had been an illusion. I had closed it twice in the nigh-, and the second time I bad actually bent the brass in wrenching it with my stick. I believe I insisted a good deal on this point, "You seem to think I am likely to doubt the story," said the doctor, smiling at the detailed account ot the state of the porthole. "Ido not doubt it in the least. I renew my invita tion to you. Bring your traps here, and take half my cabin." " Come and take half of mine for one night," I said. " Help me to get at the bottom of this thing." "You will get to the bottom of something else if you try," answered the doctor. ■' What?" I asked. "The bottom of the sea. I am going to leave this ship. It is not canny." " Then you will not help me to find out " "Not I," eaid the doctor quickly. "It is my business to keep my wits about me— n"t to go fiddling about with ghosts and things." " Do you really believe it is a ghost ?" I en quired, rather contemptuously But as I spoke 1 remembered very well the Iwrriole sensation of the supernatural which had got possession of me during the night. The doctor turned turned sharply on me— "Haveyou any reasonable explanation of these things to offer?" he asked. "No; you have not. Well, you say you will find an ex planation. I say that you won't, sir, simply because there is not any." "But, my dear sir," I retorted, "do you, a man of science, mean to tell me that such things cannot be explained ?" "I do," he answered stoutly. " And if they could I would not be concerned in the explana tion." I did not care to spend another night alone in the state-room, and yet I was obstinately determined to getat the root of the disturbances. I do not believe there are many men who would have slept there alone after passing two such nights. But I made up my mind to try it if I could not get anyone to share a watch with me. The doctor was evidently not inclined for such an experiment. He said he was a surgeon, and that in case any accident occurred on board he must be always in readiness. He could not afford to have his nerves unsettled. Perhaps he was quite right, but I am inclined i to think that his precaution was prompted by I his inclination. On enquiry he informed me that there was no one on board who would ba likely to join me in my investigations, and after a little more conversation I left him. A little later I met the captain, and told him my story. I said that if no one would spend the night with me I would ask leave to have the light_left burning all night, and would try it alone. "Look here,'' said he, "I will tell you what I will do. I will share your watch myself, and we will see what happens. It is my belief that we can find out between us. There may b8 some fellow skulking on board who steals a passage by frightening the passengers. It is just possible that there may be something queer in the carpentering of that berth." I suggested taking the ship's carpenter below and examining the place; but I was overjoyed at the captain's offer to spend the night with me. He according sent for the workman and ordered him to do anything I required. We went below at once. I "had all the bedding cleared out of the upper berth, and we examined the place thoroughly to see if there was a boardjloose anywhere, or.a panel which could be opened or pushed aside. We tried the planks everywhere, tapped the flooring, un screwed the fittiDgs of the lower berth and took it to pieces—in short, there was not a square inch of the stateroom that was not searched and tested. Everything was in per fect order, and we put everything back in its place. (To be continued,) 