CHAPTERS ON HEALTH. a Br Htgeia. No. H. THE FOOD WE EAT. The subject of food is of such a wide and practical nature that it ought to excite tho interest and attention of all thoughtful persons. It is a recognised fact that on a well assorted dietary depends much of our health, and as suredly on health depeuds both happiness nnd longevity. Did not Hippocrates say four cen turies before the present era — Health depends chiefly ea the choice ot food — And was there not great forco in his argu ment that he who wonld treat tho subject of aliment with any degree of skill, must consider the nature of man, tho nature of foods and the' constitution of the person who takes them ? Now, Hippocrates was an eminent Greek phy sician who attended the kings ot Mnccdou, and has justly been designated tho " father of medicine." It may ho taken as a precept that errors of dietary constituto an abundant source of that class of ailments which are called " diseases of the digestive organs," and which may he illus trated by dyspepsia, liver complaint, inflamma tion of tho bowels and oven scrofula. It is hardly necessary to instance more frequent concomitant evils arising from a faulty system of diet ; for example, headache, constipation, nightmare, &c.;, There are not many individuals who can say of themselves, as Milton said of Adam — nts sleep was liht, of pure digestion bred. If we would \vish to enjoy, then, -the inesti mable blessing of health, ono of the important matters to which we ought to pay duo regard is a systematic regulation of diet. To define what is food, and what is not, is .a point of considerable difficulty ; in short, the definition in question has been a great cause of cogtroversy amougst physiologists. We can not fully discuss hero the " bone of contention," bnt we may consider, in a general way, what is commonly meant by a food. " Something that wo cat" would, doubtless, hcthc immediate reply of the majority of people. Yet snch an answer wonld uot be a correct one, for rnanv things that we cat, though nnquestiouably use ful as auxiliaries, would not in themselves act as foods. Some races are in tho habit, in times of scarcity, of eating sand to allay the craviugs of hunger, but no nourishment would be derived therelrom. Such is a clear case of cheating the system, something like the coso of the man wo read of in our school boohs, who caught the horse with an empty hat under pretence that it. was full , of corn. Earon Humboldt brought fo light the fact that tile people of the Orinoco often mixed earth with their food, the object heiDg to fill their stomachs to appease the sensation of hunger. Again, daring a famine that occurred in Lap land, more than fifty years ago, tho inhabitants of that country made a sort of bread by incor porating with flour the grated bark of trees and a peculiar ciav. The clay employed consisted of fossilised diatoms, and of course constituted a very siliceous dietary (more so than the straw of wheat), Eincc diatoms are microscopic plants of a highly flinty nature. Each fru.dtdc or cell of these minute plants, which aro allied to the seaweeds, is covered with a coating of silica, which from its permanent character has en abled these diatoms to he preserved through ages of time. Immense quantities of a similar diatomacoous lay are found in Norway and Sweden, where it is known as b erpmchl. This term, however, is bnt the German word for "mountain meal," thp earthy substance being so called because the dwcUgrs, in tho districts where bergmelil occurs consider it nutritious, and eat it in conjunction with rye flour and powdered birch bark in times of scarcity. Such is but sorry fare, Ihe wholesome fionr being largely diluted with inert matter, and tho con stitutions reared on such adulterated food must lie like the proverbial house built upon sand, rather shaky in the foundation, and not- calcu lated to weather the storms of life. Cabbage and carrot aro largely eaten by many nations, yet carrot, even when boiled, is in great part indigestible, whilst cabbage, if we were to keep ou eating it all day long with the persistence of the voracious mole (whose appe tite is so ferocious, that we havo hcand fhe Rev. J. G. Wood — tho well-known naturalist — remark that it was one man's constant occupa- iion to keep a pet molo supplied with worms), would scarcely enable us to maintain our exist ence. This statement, will he easily intelli gible when wo remember that cabbage is not only deficient in sustenance bat contains no less than 90 poi; cent, of water. Therefore, cabbage, carrot, ct hoc pains omits, cannot he regarded per sc as adequate food. " A good dog deserves a good bone," earth the old adage, and iu most cases the canine species is quite content with this for a meal, but few of us wonld care to nieko a dinner of a dish of bones. We might cite other instances to show that there can bo no universality of food amoug tho various ivpes of creation. Tho earthworm eats earth, as Darwin has so graphi cally described in his latest work, but this use ful annelid must get poor recompense for its labors in tunnelling the ground in search for fragments of decayed leaves nud root fibres, whicli it extracts from the ingested earth. The bee owes its existence to tho sweet nectar of blossoms, nnd numerous fish livo upon seaweeds. Entomologists tell us that 50 species of insects livo on the common slinging nettle, aud that 200 different varieties of caterpillar subsist on the oak. The hippopotami that wallow in the 1/ile aud oilier African rivers feed on roots; tho cameleopard dines on ihe twigs and leaves of trees to which he can slrelcli with liis long neck ; while "the reindeer of the Laplander depends entirely for its winter food upon only licheus. There is certainly a great variety of alimentary substances here ; yet if any of us were confined to any or all of tho.c materials for a meal wo should iudccd fare ill. Iu fact, such substances, however adaptable to the creatures that partake sf them, would not be food to human beings. But wc may go a step farther in regard to food supplies, diverting our attention from tho vegetable to tho animal kingdom. The eagle and vultnre descend to the plains and carry off lambs from the fold to nourish their fledglings in the eyries of tho rocks ; .tho fox pilfers ducks or geese from the poultry yard, and fakes them to his den to feed tho little foxes ; and the shark cats other fish, or may devour a man if he can get bald of ono. Wild beasts of prey, like Iho lion and tiger, consume their less powerful neighbors ; tho carrion crow lives upon the dead carcases of othf animals, while the cannibal greedily dovours his fellows. This last sum mary includes many articles of diet that ore acceptable to rn.au, for fish, flesh, and fowl cuter largely into his dietary. Apropos of human flesh, it may be noted that historians record the fact that the New Zealandjfs were formerly systematic anthropo - phagi, or man-eaters, while some of our readers may remember that even an English king, viz., Richard Cocnr de Lion, evinced a ten dency towards cannibalism, as evidenced hy the following lines which lio is represented to have said after eating a few Saracens' heads with great gusto : — Kills lllcliard shall warrant There Is no fleali so noaristunt Unto an KuaUshmnn, Partridge, plover, beron no 6wiui, Cow, nc ox, aheep, ue swine. As tile head of s Sarczcno. Nevertheless, civilised races would not like to bo confined to any one Taricly of tho above. Nor could tnany exchanges be mado in regard to food amongst the animals enumerated, for tho glhdfo will not cat fish nor the elephant devour human flesh, and still less would the anthropo phagous man be content with sharks' flesh or with seaweqi as a substitute for his favorite food. Even the whale that swallowed Jonah Could not digest tho body of the prophet, and so vomited him up and flung him on to ihe diT i Until j ft enfara, that what.wiU qm creature will not ndeqnately feed anolbor ; and it behoves us in our chaplcrs on food io learn why wo havo to make a choico of foods, nnd to understand the objects that Jiavo to be kept in view in making a fitting Eolection. What then is n food ? A true food is a sub stance which contains materials necessary for building up the framo during growth, and which can when eaten after the period when tho animal 1ms arrived at maturity replenish the waste of tissues which is ever going en as a consequence of life. Besides this, it must maintain the boat of the body in virtue of iho carbonaceous principles which should enter info its composition. Of conrso, it uiur.l he talicn for granted in accepting this delinition that tho aliment to satisfy these conditions must liq.both digcstiblo and capable of assimi lation, else it cannot ho serviceable either in building up tho body in response to tho de mands of growth, or in repairing the losses in curred by imposed exertion or by tho spon taneous movements incidental to tho various vital processes. Many foods which aro not digestible in the raw slate may bo made so by the art of the cook. It is clear, therefore, that proper food must contain certain constituents, in order that it may provide requisite warmth and sustenance to the animal that partakes of the food. Thns the bones aud tocth in the period of growth demand lime aud gelatine ; Wood requires certain salts and water, as well as alhnminons substances ; the brain is said to need phos phates, while muscle requires tibriu and other nitrogenous materials. The temperature of the body is kept up by the combn3liou of fat, starch, sugar, &c.; , but of this more anon. Strangely enough, somo members of the zoological kingdom derive tho requisite repair from one or other of the food stuffs already men tioned. For example, the ass eats his straw and thrives, but numerous other animals could not thrive on such fare. It is a common saying that " what is ono man's meat is another mnn's poison," and certainly there is an element of truth iu the aphorism, for some persons cau eat raw apples, cheese, nuts and celery with im punity, while the saino viands would produce violent indigestion on other constitutions. The Grecnlander relishes the blubber of the seal, a diet which would be quite unpalatable, and equally unsuitable to the Hindoo, who lives largely ou rice. The inference to be drawu from these state ments is that the kind of food that suffices for one class of animals, or one race of mankind, will not answer for another class or race. Thns, the lobster and worm, the rat and rabbit, the Eskimo and tho Hottentot, need different kinds of food adapted to their individual re quirements, and each and all must have tho food calculated to suit them best, and this is, as a rule, indicated to them hy forco of in stinct. From this food stand point, a convenient system of classifying animals has been arranged. On such basis tho animal kingdom comprises three great classes, which aro specially marked in the case of the mammalia. 1\. Hcrbivnra, like the rabbit, sheep, ox, goal and cow, thai cat grass, root crops and other vegetables, but never eat flesh food. 2. Carnivora, e.g., the serpent, bear, wolf, cat and dog, that consume the muscular tissue of other animals ; or that suck their blood like the weasel and polecat, which latter may bo con sidered the most saugninary nnd rapacious of all the carnivora. 3. Umnirora, that partake of all kinds of food whether of animal or vegetable origin. To this class man pre-eminently belongs, and the pig also is allotted to the same category. It is puzzling to understand how the body can profit by eating bread, which is so dissimilar to ihe flesh and blood into which it is ultimately converted. But it is si ill more wonderful that the ox can make flesh, or the sheep grow wool, on pasturage. The blade of grass is very un like the fibre of the ox flesh, or the wool on the sheep's back, in color, texture, shape and other characters which mark tho external aspect , yet, by marvellous natural transmutations, tho ele ments in tho green leaf become associated in a new shape to form the muscular fibre of the meat or the filaments of the fleece. Stones from a quarry may bo used to build a stable or a parliament bouse. The wood of the oak may be employed to bnild a levia than ship or to construct a simple coffin. Similarly, beef and mutton,- or grass and clover, have a similar composition a3 regards primary substances, although widely different, in exter nal appearance. They are all made up, though in diff.rcnt proportion, of precisely tho same elements, viz.: — Carbon, hydrogen, oxygen nnd nitrogen ; moreover, they will yield Ihe same products when disintegrated in the animal ccouomy, or when burned in a closed vessel, Thns the Scriptural expression, "All flesh is grass," may bo interpreted in two ways, i.e., both as regards origin and destination, as well as tendency to decay. Vegetables can manufacture (if wo may nse the lerm) from inorganic materials tho varied proximate principles of which they nro com posed, viz., starch, sugar, ccllnlosc, gluten, oil, &c.; Graminivorous animals cannot livo on such unorganised materials, bnt they can nssimilato the vegetable products, and convert them into more highly organised products, storing up fibrin, cartilage, fat, &c.; Flesh eating ani mals, after all, obtain their food from the vege table kingdom at second hand, and get it from the inorganic world' by ono step more remote, although they have no power to directly asso ciate ihe mineral elements of fhe soil aud the atmosphere fo make food for themselves. I'lauts, so to speak, spin woody fibre, as well as nutrient materials, for tho animal creation out of air and ' clay ; on the other hand, many mammals weave flesh out of grass. To carry out the analogy tho air aud tho soil may bo likened to the raw material, tho grass and such like to tiic spun yarn, and the flesh whicli clothes our bones to the fabricated web. A11 this may seem "passing strange," yet it is nut a whit more strange that the trek of the forest should get its carbon and nitrogen from the invisible atmosphere than that wood or coal which is burned in the fireplace should assume a ghost-like form and pass invisibly up tho chimuey — for tho process of combustion of fuel, or the buruing of carbonaceous foods in the sys tem, is nothing more than the restoration of tho elements of organised structures and organic compounds to the inorganic kingdom, whenco they originally came to fulfil their mission of contributing to the growth and development of vitalised structures. There is, therefore, no annihilation of matter, for matter is absolutely indestructible, but a pcrpotual alternation of organisation and disintegration — or, to express it more simply, of building up nnd breaking down. And it is thus that tho balance of nature is maintained. But what is the pri mary origin of this construction, by means of which plants can convert a few elements into tissues in the first instance, and theso in turn become food for man and beast ? It is the sun which acts as the mainspring of vegetable lifoand growth, and through tho instrumen tality of plants (which furnish food) of animal existence. Without the light of tho snn, which has fittingly been styled by Lord Byron — Sire of the reasons — monarch of the c'Jmts, Our crops would cease to grow, tho food supplies of the world would soon bo reduced to nil, and aU living things wonld vanish off tho face of the earth, Truly wc may say of "tho wor shipped sun " that tho ancients regarded as the great centre of iho universe— Thou niakcst vegetation grow. And earnest tloral gems to show; Thou dost inatnrc our harvest grain, And thus the staff ot Ufa maintain; And all the precious fruits of csrth From thy ldnd rays-derive their birth. The growth of|vegetation is, cateris paribus, directly proportionate to the amount of sun light to which they are exposed. Plants elabo rate fat directly from carbonic acid and water by the aid of sunlighi. They also store up, through the same agency, starch, sugar; | resin protcids and other principles. Animals, oa " fib ('Wfi and store up fat in thotr tissues, but tbey can likewise convert both starch and 6Ugar into fat, vet they cannot directly construct theso prin ciples after fhe fashion of plants. From the foregoing philosophical view of tho subject of food production, wo may accept it as a scientific dogma that plants can produce protoplasm (or fhe material of formation of living bodies), from inorganic matter, while animals can only exist hy tho assimilation of pre- formed protoplasm, cither, at first or second hand. Now, when fat which is formed in the me chanism of the plant, or stored up in the cells or' tissues of the animal, is decomposed iu the animal organism, two re sults follow. First, tho particles of the fat, or rather its constituent atoms are reconverted into tho original mineral sub stances, or what is technically called the statical condition of water and carbonic acid. Secondly, the force which maintained tbcm in tbe organic stato is liberated as heat. In this we have an admirable illustration not only of -the ceaseless round of matter but of the correlation and con tinuity of physical forces so ably enunciated by Sir W. Grove, the cminont natural philoso pher. The doctrine of the conservation of energy embodies one of the grandest principles in tbo realms of science, and here we see it in tho convertibility of solar light through tho medium of plants into bodily beat in the case of animals. Thus, whether we take an introspectivo glimpse of the inter-relation of food and life in Ihe past, or look down the vista of tho future, we cannot fail to see — to use the words of the poet Laureate — The great world spta for ever down "the ringing grooves of change. 