LAW AND CRIMINAL COURTS. SUPREME COURT— CIVIL SITTINGS. Friday, March 12. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut] CLAIM FOR DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP A.HANNS v. H. HANNS. The parties in this action are brothers, and have carried on business together as wood and coal merchants. The plaintiff, Albert Hanns, claimed a dissolution of the partner- ship that had existed between himself and the defendant, Henry Hanns, and that the accounts should be adjusted. Mr. W. Symon appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. C. C. Kingston for the defendant. Some time was spent in endeavouring to settle the claim without calling in His Honor's assistance, but without success. Mr. Symon stated the case for his client. The partneiship began on July 10, 1885, with a capital of £1,200, represented by £300 of working plant, belonging to defendant, and £400 cash paid over by the plaintiff, the ar- rangement being that the plaintiff should take one-third interest and the defendant two-thirds. It was subsequently agreed that if the plaintiff contributed £200 more he should have one-halt interest in the business, and it was afterwards arranged that the partnership should date from August 1 in- stead of July 10. In the meantime plaintiff left, for Sydney, and on his return found that bis brother was in difficulties with his banker. Plaintiff told him then that he had paid too much for the business, and that some other arrangement must be come to. As the plaintiff had no more funds to contri- bute to the business in order to get increased interest, his brother told him he would allow him to have one-half interest to go on with the business, and instead of contributing the £200 referred to he (defendant) would con- sider that as cancelled, and he would give him and did give him a receipt for £200 as if it had been paid. Subsequent negotiations took place, and at the suggestion of the defendant the plaintiff was induced to buy the defendant out by giving him bills for £500; but at the same time the defendant did not wish absolutely to leave the business, and asked to be allowed to come back again if he did not use the bills, and the plaintiff consented that he would let him in within a reasonable time, if he had not parted with the bills. The dissolution of the partnership was advertised; the defendant gave the bills to the English and Scottish Bank as security for his advances, and there they were at present. Matters went on in that way until the defendant, Henry Hanns, commenced an action in the Local Court against his brother, as if he was not a partner, to recover the money which he claims to be due as set out in the counter-claim to this action. In his evidence in the Local Court Henry practically told the Court that, although he claimed the moneys as if there had been a bona-fide dissolution, the ar- rangement for the dissolution was come to for the purpose of preventing his creditors from knowing the true state of his (Henry's) finances at the Bank. On that evidence the Special Magistrate nonsuited him, and said it was a bogus dissolution. The plaintiff Albert, who gave no evidence in the Court below, never said it was a bogus dissolution. He was willing that Henry should return as a partner, but not after he had nego- tiated the bills for £500. Defendant now claimed to return to the position of partner, and at the same time keep the bills. If there was a dissolution it dated from last September, when the bills were given. ; Plaintiff applied to the Court to decide that the dissolution took place then, or that it should take place now. Mr. Symon submitted that the.accounts might be handed over to the Master for adjustment. \- In reply it was contended that if any agreement was made between the parties for sale and purchasee of defendant's interest in the business or for the dissolution of the partnership, it was agreed that it should have no form or effect between the parties. At the trial in the Local Court Albert Hanns insisted that the agreement for dissolution was not binding, and the Court gave effect to that objection in ordering a nonsuit. Afterwards it was agreed between the parties that the defendant was a partner as before the alleged dissolution. Defendant submitted that if the agreement for sale and dissolution was held to be binding, it was a condition that plaintiff should pay the debts of the firm and a sum of £106 5s. due to the defendant on certain accounts. He further urged that plaintiff was indebted to him for the £200, which he said was to be regarded as a loan by him to plaintiff as from August 1, 18S5, and also for 10 per cent, interest, and for the sum of £186 15s. for wood supplied to the firm. Mr. Kingston held that there was no need for a decree of dissolution beeause his client had withdrawn from the business. A counter-claim was entered by Henry.- similar to the original claim made in the Local Court, for £493, with £13 as interest, total £506. In the course of the argument Mr. Symon established a claim of £162 5s. 6d. due to his client by defendant on account of money paid to a Mr. Landvogt, and mentioned that the defendant had admitted a claim of £23 due for advertising and other charges. His Honor, in giving judgment, said this was a very easy and simple case, and if it had not been clouded in the Local Court in a strange fashion, which he could not account for, it could have been settled in half an hour. It seemed that a partnership existed between the two brothers, which was afterwards dissolved on certain terms. As an outcome of those terms certain moneys were becoming due to Henry Hanns. He had sued for them, and then it appeared that the learned counsel for Albert Harms (Mr. J. H. Symon) objected to there having been a sale by the brother. The sale which took place was stated to be a sham, and the Court below acted upon that. But there was not a ghost of a pretence to show that it was a sham sale. In fact, the pretence and any thing else that was said to prove the in validity of the sale were all sham, which this Court as a Court of Equity ought not to support. Mr. W. Symon had now sub- mitted that there was a bona-fide sale, and his client had got an injunction two or three months ago on that ground. It was ridicu- lous ever to say that it was not a bona-fide sale. It had been treated as such at the first, although it seemed that some arrangement not unnatural or unreasonable had been made by Henry with a view of returning to the business after he had got rid of unfor- tunate difficulties with the Bank ; but the effect of the conditional agreement did not in any way whatever invalidate the sale. Although he (the Judge) thought it would be wrong and un- just to censure Albert Hanns simply because his counsel was exceedingly skilful and perhaps too learned for the other counsel and the Magistrate in the Court below, yet he could not ignore that blowing hot and cold in this transaction which the plaintiff had been doing all along. As to the plaintiff's claim he, as Judge, could not dissolve a partnership that had been already dissolved and bought out months ago. Therefore that part of the decree prayed for would be inapplicable. He must decree that there was a sale, and that the rights of the parties were to be adjudged by it. That being the case he had to investigate the counter-claim. Mr. Kingston had pointed out that the tearing out of a leaf in the book of accounts of the two brothers by the plaintiff ought to weigh heavily against him. No doubt if a party got rid of evidence that might tell against him the Court was bound to look at the fact as against the person who destroyed the evidence. That was a scientific axiom in law. But was there anything to lead him to rely on that axiom and apply it in this case ? Clearly there was. He believed that the plaintiff cut that leaf of accounts out of the book surreptitiously to prevent, if possible, the Court dealing fairly with his brother. He was driven to that conclusion apart from what the defendant had said, and he must deal more hardly with the plaintiff owing to this misconduct. It often happened that the strongest evidence for a party came from the opposite side of the Court. After hearing the plaintiff's statements, he listened to hear whether the defendant would assist the plaintiffs counsel as much as the plaintiff had assisted Mr. Kingston ; but he did not. He gave his evidence bluffly and honestly, and he (the Judge), sitting as a Jury, believed him and did not believe the plaintiff. He took the matter as a whole, and he adopted the defendant's view of the case. Judgment would be given in the defendant's favour for £506, less £185 5s. 6d. due to the plaintiff. The dispute was entirely in reference to business transactions, and must be treated as such. Plaintiff would have to pay his brother £320 14s. 6d., and defendant would get full ccsta of the suit. Judgment was entered as above, and the Court adjourned until Tuesday next, March 16\. 