An Giu Story in Verse. He was a guileless college youth-, That mirrored modesty and truth ; And sometimes at his musty room His sister called, to chase the gloom. One. afternoon, when sbs was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As of ten she had done before, There came a knock upon tbe door. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jeers, Had only time to make deposit Of his dear sister in a closet ; Then haste the door to open wide ; His guest unbidden stept inside. He was a cheery-faced old man, And with apologies began For calling, and then let him know That more than fiEty years ago, r ; When he was in bisyouthful bloom, He'd occupied that very room ; ... So thought he'd take the chance, he said, To see the changes time had made, " Tbe same old window, same old view— Ha, ha 1 the same old pictures, too 1 " And then he tapped them with his cane, And laughed his "merry laugh again; " The same old sofa, I declare 1 Dear me 1 It must be worse for wear. The same old shelves 1 And then he came And spied the closet door. " The same Oh, my 1 " A woman's dress peeped through. Quick as he could he closed it to. He shook his head. ' Ah 1 ah 1 . the same Old game, young man, the same old game 1 " " Would you my reputation slur ? " . . The youth gasped ; " That's my sister, sir ! " " Ah 1 " said the old man, with a sigh, "" The same old lie— the same old lie 1 " ! An "English divine once told of passing a night in a haunted chamber .in an English castle. He described how the ghost slowly stalked into tbe chamber, and described tbe armour which covered tlie form of the mys terious visitor. " But how did you get rid of this vision ? " cried some of those who heard the story. ' Oh, very easily," replied tbe minister : " I merely took my subscription- book from the table and tbe vision quickly faded away." A lady, who was a member of a class studying art. concluded. a recitation on Ben- jaman Haydon by saying that " towards the close of his life he committed suicide. A lady writer asks : " Why don't bache lors marry?", That's so— wiiy don't they? Come to think about it, we have not yet seen a bachelor who was married. It's lamentable, too. ; ' - 