THE HOMESTEAD. Bv John Ghekxj.eaf Wjiitieii. Acainst the wooded hills it' stands, Ghost of a dead home, staring through Its broken lights on wasted lands Where old-time harvests stew. Unploughcd, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor, forsaken farm-fields lie, Once rich and rife with golden corn And pale-green breadths of rye. Of healthful herb and flower bereft, The garden plot no housewife keeps ; Through weeds and tangle only left, The snake, its tenant, creeps. A lilac spray, once blossom-clad, Sways bare before the emptv rooms ; Beside the roofless porch a sad, Pathetic red rose blooms. His track, in. mould of dust of drought, On floor nnd hearth the squirrel leaves, Aud in the lirelcss chimney's mouth His web the spider weaves. The leaning barn, about to fall, Resounds no more on husking' eves ; No cattle low in yard or stall, No thrasher beats his sheaves. So sad, so drear ! It seems almost Some haunting presence makes its sign ; That down yon shadowy lane some gho&t; Might drive his spectral kiiie ! Oh, home so desolate and lorn ! Did all thy memories die with thee ? Were any wed, were any born, Beneath this low roof -tree? Whose axe the wall of forest broke, ,.,AlLd lct thc waiti'» sunshine through ? What good wife sent tho earliest smoke Up thc great chimney flue ? Did rustic lovers hither come ? ? Did maidens, swaying back and forth . In rhythmic grace, at wheel and loom, Make light their toil with mirth? Did child feet chatter on the stair, Hid liovhoml frolic in tin; snow? l-id {;ivy uev, in hov elbow chair, Ki.it, rocking to and fro? Tlie murmuring brook, tin; aib-hii)[r l.iw/.e, ilic pitio's slow whisper can not tell : Lov-- mounds henc-ath the hemlock trees Kuep the home secrets well. ... Cease, mother-land, to fondly boast Of sonsiav off who strive and thrive, 1- oivetful thnt each swarming host Must leave an emptier hive ! Oh, wanderers from ancestral soil, Leave noisome mill and chatTei-in^r store ; Gml up your loins for sturdier toil, And ImiM Uiii homo onctvmoi-c ! Ooine Itaclc to hayljoiT.v-wfntcil slu|n»s, And fragrant, fuin, mid tfiouiul-mat. vino ; breathe airs blown over holt and copse Sweet with 'blank bhoh and pine. What matter if thc gains arc small rimt life s essential wants supplv'; ™r ''''cstond's title jdvos you sill That idle wealth can buy. A1' that tho many-dollnred crave, ; Tlui briok-wnlled slaves of 'Ghanjre and nmrl, i^awns, trues, fresh air. and flowers you liavo, More dear for lack of art. v™'fon solo masters, freedom-willed, \\\ itli ncno to bid you go or stay. Till tho old fields your fathers tilled, As manly men as they ! With skill that spares your toilimr hamt*, And cheinie aid that sclonoo briny*, itculaim the waste and outworn lands, And roijrn thoroon as kinjrs ! 