THE SECRET SERVICE FUND. Our London correspondent writes on Ma; 28" A few nights ago the House of Com mons had a debate on the Secret Service Fund such as has not previonel; taken place for many years past. At one period this fund was made a continual object of attack on the part of advanced Liberals, who believed that the money voted by the Parliament was used in the interest of despotism abroad and of reactionary go vernment at home. The attaok on the vote, which haB just been made, was organized by a combined phalanx of unionists. Liberals, and Conservatives, who persuaded them selves that the Government might be tempted to employ a portion of the fund for elec tioneering purposes. When Edmund Burke induced Parliament to paBS an Act autho rizing a permanent charge of £10,000 a year to be made on the Consolidated Fund for secret service purposes he accomplished a great act of economical reform, for previously millions of the public money had been spent without the production of a single voucher or the rendering of any acconnt to Parlia ment. In course of time the House was asked to vote an additional £5,000 a year to : be distributed among the heads of the great departments of State as secret service money. What then becomes of the £10,000 a year which is drawn from the Consolidated Fund? AH that the public know about it is that it | is handed over in quarterly payments to the Parliamentary or Patronage Secretary of the Treasury, and that even his colleague, the | Financial Secretary, has not the ghost of an idea how the money is spent. The secrete of this mysterious expenditure are chiefly locked in the breasts of the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary, and the Chief Secretary for Ireland, as well as of the Par liamentary Secretary for the Treasury; but these high officials may be trusted to exercise periect reticence. Mr. Rylands. in moving the omission of the vote of £0,000, which is the only one that appears on the Civil Ser vice Estimates, suggested that the necessary vouchers should be submitted to the ICon troller and Auditor-General. ThiB is a reason able suggestion, and Sir W. Harcourt made no answer to it when he said that when he was Home Seoretary he should have objected to be under the control of a subordinate official, for the man who controls expenditure is the man who decides to what purposes it shall be applied—not the Auditor, who merely certifies that certain vouchers are correct. There is really nothing to prevent the Government of the day from spending every sixpence of the secret ser vice money in political corruption, or in what would be equally, reprehensible, i.e.,, in defraying the election expenses of their supporters. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach does not deny that in times past this has been done; indeed, he speaks of it as " an ancient custom," while Sir Henry Janies significantly pointed ont that if the amounts which the Government receive every year from, the. Consolidated Fund were Bpenton elections it would be sufficient to defray the cost of twenty contests. Now that a general •lection is impending both Sir M. Hicks Beach and Sir Henry Junes were anxious to exact from the Government a pledge which none of their predecessors have ever given or have ever been asked to give. Mr. Gladstone promised that he wonld consider whether he conld institute some reform in the direction od&n; audit, and thrre the matter mast reBt for the present. He indulged in an interest ing official reminiscence of forty years ago. He told the House that when he was Secre tary for the Colonies he applied his share of the secret i service money to purchasing annuities for royalists who had sustained losses in onr wars with America. 