INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN OOIlKICSPONDKinS] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, August 15. A gale at Albury last night unroofed several houses and did considerable damage to the railway sheds and a train of empty carriages. The whole place is strewn with debris. A serious disturbance has occurred amongst the miners at Wollongong, who after intimidating with threats of violent death several men employed in the mines since the strike, assembled on Saturday night in front of the house of the manager of the Mount Pleasant raine and attempted to blow up the house with B charge of dynamite placed against the wall. The explosion blew down part of the dairy and injured the private residence. The police have been reinforced, and proceedings will be taken against the ringleaders. An inquest on the Newtown poisoning case Was opened yesterday. It appears from the evidence given that Mrs. Reynolds, after reach- ing her mother's place displayed the utmost terror of the return of her husband, fearing he would kill her. Some mystery is attached to the letter which deceased said her husband compelled her to write indicating suicide, as the mother says it is not her daughter's handwriting. Except for this, all the circumstances of the case appear to support the statement of the wife. Reynolds is reported to have made a statement confessing that he made his wife take the poison. The military tournament at the Agricultural Society's grounds on Saturday attracted about 12,000 spectators. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Carrington were present. The principal events were competitions restricted to members of the Cavalry corps, hut all branches of the Defence Force were represented in the sports, which passed off successfully. The Sydney Bicycle Club championship race meeting on Saturday was attended by about 10,000 people. The Ten Miles' Amateur Championship Race was won by C. R. Wood, who defeated J. S. Foulkes and two Melbourne competitors, and secured the Gardner Cup, which he has won twice in succession. The time was 3min. 24sec. Con Dwyer was unable to compete, owing to a dislocated shoulder through an accident in training on Thursday. A telegram from Walgett on Saturday says the Barwon and Namoi Rivers are in high flood, having reached the highest point since 1879\. It was raining again, and there is every prospect of the town being water-locked for some months. A serious fire occurred at the Redfern railway station early this morning. The fire broke out in a large two-story stone building, containing a large quantity of machinery and patterns, which were completely destroyed, and only the walls of the structure left standing. The roof and sides of the turner sheds, which are corrugated iron structures, are severely damaged. The roof of the boilermakers' shed is also burnt, and the contents of both buildings partially destroyed by fire and injured by water. The damage is estimated at £00,000. The schooner Condong, 72 tons register, which left Newcastle on Saturday evening with a general cargo, including 40 tons of coal for the Tweed River, was struck by a heavy squall at 5 20 a.m. to-day and capsized. The captain, mate, a seaman, and a passenger were picked up forty minutes afterwards by the British India steamer Bancoora, which arrived this afternoon from Calcutta. It is believed two men were drowned. The vessel belonged to Messrs. Corrigan and Reidy, of Sydney. Arrived-Sunday : Cintra, Burwah, and Warrego, steamers, from Brisbane, and You Yangs, steamer, from Rockhampton. Sailed : Elamang and Leura, steamers, for Brisbane. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, August 15. The threatened lockout of ironworkers' assistants was carried out yesterday. Notice was posted in the various establishments at pay time, intimating that as the union had not rescinded its resolution declining to submit the dispute to arbitration, the services of all union men would not be required from that date, the 14th. The question of immediate interest is now whether the boiler makers will go to work to-morrow or go on strike, the same as the boilermakers at Robison Bros. If they consent to work with non-union men the masters will be able to fill the places of the men locked out, and there will be but little disturbance of trade. But if the boilermakers strike that branch of the trade will be at a standstill, as there are no non-union boilermakers in the colony. Messrs. Robison Bros, have received offers from Queensland and South Australia from men willing to come if constant employment can be given, but this firm is unwilling to accept the offers unless it is inevitable. Among some trades unions it is believed that the iron" workers' assistants would return to work if it could be done without showing cowardice. It is stated that the strike has been urged by a few leading members of the society ostensibly because there was a non-union man in Robison's while union men had been cautioned against working with non-union men elsewhere, the tactics of the society being to defeat the employers singly in succession. The ironmasters say that the united course was adopted by them solely to check the overbearing tyranny of the men, but still they are prepared for arbitration. Between 300 and 350 men were locked out last night. At the Trade Hall various societies interested eagerly discussed the situation. The ironworkers' assistants determined to resist, and to make no concession. They regard the action of the masters as the thin end of the wedge, and claim that it would go to destroy the whole fabric of trade unionism. The engineers as a body cannot support the assistants, although individually they may. The timber-yard em- ployés resolved to support the ironworkers' assistants. The Government have assumed an attitude of strict neutrality. The ironmasters point out that in England penalties are not inflicted under such circumstances, and in future will seek to obtain the insertion of this condition in their contracts. The Government say they will deal with each application for non-enforcement on its merits. The Melbourne Cricket Club have decided not to bring out an English team this season. Arrangements have been concluded with Shaw and Lillywhite's team to play all Melbourne matches on the Melbourne Club's grounds. It was considered injurious to cricket bringing out two teams. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, August 14. On and after Wednesday next mails for Silverton go by train to Mannahill, and thence by coach to Silverton. NEW ZEALAND. AUCKLAND, August 14. In the Legislative Assembly, on account of the obstructive tactics of a handful of members the vote of £2000 to Sir William Fox, for services rendered to the colony as West Coast Commissioner, had to be abandoned by the Government. Parliament will be prorogued early next week. THE gymnasium recently established in connection with the Brisbane Freethought Association was reopened on Friday night in the Eagle-street Hall. About thirty children were present, and went through various interesting performances, including dumb-bells, fencing, skipping, etc, while some of the youths indulged in friendly encounters with the boxing gloves. THERE. has been a shearers' strike at Burra basic. Riverina, the property of Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth. Of course the difficulty here, as elsewhere, is the price, sheepowners having determined to give no more than 17s. 6d. per 100 this season, and the men having combined to maintain the old figure of 20s. The 200 men, who were at the shed ready to start, cleared out on the reduction being announced. FROM the Gympie Times of Saturday last we learn that on the previous day an escort was sent away from Gympie, taking with itöGGGoz. 18dwt. 18gr. of gold, making the total despatched from 1st January, 50,1 6oz. 10dwt. 12gr. On Thursday last the manager of the No. 1 south Alliance mine reported having obtained good gold in the new reef, and also good gold in No. 1 reef, south of the cross course, and which is also a new discovery. From 527 tons 14cwt. of stone taken from the North Glanmire, a yield of 1026 oz. of amalgam has been obtained, and a dividend of 5s, per share, or a total of £1400, has been declared. IT seems likely (says Land and Water that either the Priscilla or Puritan will be chosen to protect the interests of the holders of the America's Cup, as both have beaten the new sloops Atlantic and Mayflower. The iron boat has bested the Puritan to the extent of winning two out of three matches, and it would appear that Priscilla is the better in a breeze, and Puritan the light- wind ghost. If Galatea should be favoured with a smart lower sail breeze, either one or the other of the Yankees will have to move fast to get out of her way. 