A CHRISTMAS GHOST, Do you really care for me one atom ? I asked, bitterly, looking down into the calm face before me. The long, dark lashes lifted themselves with languid grace, and the beautiful eyes looked up into mine. ' At times, periodically, spasmodically.' 'The spasm is not upon you at present,' and the sarcasm of my tone hid its feeling. 'It rarely is when you make yourself dis- agreeable, which is the case now.' ' And is there to be no end to my patience ?' 'I have as yet failed to become very familiar with the beginning ; you display it in such microscopic proportion.' I moved towards the door; I could bear 'Good-bye; it may be some time before we meet.' A startled expression flitted over her face for just one moment, and was gone. ' Au revoir ' she said, with a careful wave of her fan. ' When your bad temper is over, and a thing of the past, I suppose I shall have the extreme felicity of seeing you again. Suppose you spend Christmas Eve with me ?' It was the end of August, and I was in the habit of seeing her daily. 'Dead or alive I will l:e with you!' I answered, and left the room. Why should she, my darling--for she was my darling in spite of it all--torment me so ? What demon was it that possessed her ? Or why should I, with my hot, jealous dispose- tion, care so madly for a women who was not content to relinquish all the world for my sake ? She repulsed my caresses when the mood was on her, broke engagements with me, flirting with other men, and yet had promised to marry me. I loved and hated her, as it were, in the same moment. I would break loose from her, leave her for a time, and see if absence would not work better for me than I could for myself, or if perchance, it would cure me of my infatuation. Without allowing myself t9 reflect, I en- gaged passage for abroad, and made hasty preparations to be gone some months ; I would not see her again ; I would not tell her I was going. I set my teeth at the very thought of what it would cost me, and it re- quired all the strength of which I was master to carry out the determination, but I did it. I placed my business affairs in the hands of a friend, and one thing only remains-- to have my will drawn up. I give and bequeath to Elizabeth Barnwell, my affianced wife' (ah, Bessie ! Bessie !) 'all my property, real and personal,' &c.;, with the enumera- tion thereof following. Perhaps, thought I, and a little bitterly, if she were to come ever into possession of what had once been mine, she might have one tender thought to give , to him whose only thought had been of her. The wreck of the Scotia is an old story now, but a story written in tears and lamen- tations to those whose dear ones were never heard of again--of frightful memories to the few survivors. We were tossing in mid- ocean, in a gale of wind and rain such as I had never seen or dreamed of on land, when the vessel struck a leak. ' Man the lifeboats !' was the captain's order, ringing out even in the midst of the noise of the elements. It was a gallant crew. Swiftly, with wonderful method and decipline, his com- mand was obeyed. But one was found un- seaworthy, and the crowd of terrified passengers more than filled the others. One's chance for life would be slim indeed ; Was it in the body or the spirit I should spend the Christmas Eve I had promised with my cruel darling ? I helped a few frightened women into the boat, then turned to think of self- preservation. I found a life preserver, fastened it on, and lashed myself to a loose spar, which I thought would float. Then came a heavy blow on my head--I knew not not from whence--a sensa- tion of pain and numbness, and the world of sea and sky was blotted out. I knew no more. Moments of partial consciousness, followed by lapses into my former state, are the dim recollections (that haunt me) of this period. Nor have I ever been sure of the time that passed ere I in good measure recovered. I opened my eyes on a strange scene. I was lying on a bundle of straw, covered with a sheepskin ; above my head were the rafters of a low loghouse, and in the corner of the room, on a broad, flat stone, smouldered the ashes of a fire. I was alone, but in a few moments a lovely, fair haired, blue eyed girl, in and unfamiliar costume, entered. She uttered an exclamation when she en- countered my look, and hastily ran to the door and called. In a moment a woman and two men entered, and stood around me, plea- sure evidently painted on their faces, and talking volubly in an unknown tongue. Pre- sently the woman brought me coffee in a wooden bowl. The salty taste was disagree- able, but the steaming beverage seemed to revive me, and I drank it with avidity. In their humble way, no one could be kinder than these poor people on whose hospitality I had thus been cast. Weak as I was from long exposure and illness, it took some time for me to realise where I was, nor, of course, have I ever learned the full details of those past weeks and days. Suffice it to say that I had at last been picked up by a Norwegian fishing- boat, and my name and nationality unknown (I chanced to have no papers about me, even could have any of the crew have read them), they had carried me with them, and, to the best of their ability, nursed me back to life. Sewn in the lining of my vest, I had a considerable number of bank-notes, which incredible as it may seem, and water-soaked though they had been, were yet available. All that was on my person was honestly returned to me, and this enabled me, though in small imeasure, to repay the kindness of my hosts ere I parted from them. Returning memory and strength brought back to me all the past in which Bessie was concerned, and I was seized with a wild desire to see her once more, and fulfil my promise of spending Christmas Eve with her. Already the winter was upon me, and little short of a miracle could enable me to accom- plish it. But fortune favoured. I landed the day before Christmas. The gay crowds were thronging the streets, the Christmas bells sounding in the air, as, sadly changed in appearance, and almost overcome with a whirl of feeling, I stood that Christmas Eve upon the familiar steps, and the door yielded to the key which all these months lain had in my pocket. I drew slightly aside the portiere which hung before the parlour door, and, myself unseen, gazed into the room. 'But, my dear young lady, this is surely very unwise, to say the least' (it was the voice of the lawyer in whose hands I had left my will), ' to refuse a nice little property like that for a chimera ! All lovers have their quarrels, no doubt, but-----'- 'I will not touch a penny of it,' low but steadily sounded my darling's voice. I could not see her. 'He promised to spend this Christmas Eve with me,' she added, dreamily, with something like a sob. The lawyer took a turn up and down the room ere he replied : 'Far be it from me to deprive you of hope, but months have elapsed since the loss of the vessel on which he sailed ; no word has come from him. It is not credible that he has survived. This property lies at your command, and it was his particular request that, if he did not re- turn (we must all provide in such cases for our possible demise), the papers should on this special evening be placed in your hands.' A movement, and Bessie stood in the centre of the room before me, pale and sad, but more beautiful than ever. How my thirsty soul drank in her loveliness ! 'He said that, living or dead, he would be with me to night. If he is dead, I drove him to it, and I will go to him !' I could wait no longer; forgetful of con- sequences, I sprang into the room. With a wild cry she threw up her arms and fell into mine, extended to receive her. We had kept our tryst. 