IJw §p5Mllaii|r. THE CONTRIBUTOR. OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. fBy Elfin. I X.—DREAMS. Few things have thrown more light upon the mental state of the lower races oi mankind than those researches which have dealt with the subject of dreams and the important part they play In the lives of savages. It is only in comparatively high states of mental culture that dreams are regarded as mere airy and evanescent pictures. To the savage they are true objective experiences, and form as real a part of his life as l.u waking moments. The only difference that is clearly drawn between the life when awake and the life as carried on when asleep is, that the man awake carries his body about with him, but when asleep the man's Bpirit, or rather "other self," leaves the body for a time, and becomes the asso ciate of other spirit-like existences both of men and things. He meets in his dreams those he is familiar with in life, his dogs attend him as when awake, he pursues this game with all the exciting feelings and adventures of his waking moments. He holds intercourse with those who have long since been dead, he hears them speak and act like living men, and draws the conclusion that the dead still live. He possesses Btrange powers of motion, and roams over mountain and valley, visiting scenes he had never known in his waking experience. When he wakes he finds himself in his wurley where he laid down to sleep—the body has not left the spot, and therefore his " other self" must have done so, and its return to the body is the sigDal for his resuming the life of bodily activity. It has beenclearlyprovedthatthe savage intellect cannot distinguish between subjective ideas and objective realities. The vivid Impressions left from dreams are to them the memories of actual experi ences through which they have passed whilst temporarily absent from the body. This belief sometimes leads to conse quences which to us appear supremely ridiculous. A savage, whilst sleeping, perhaps meets with an acquaintance in his dreams,|a disagreement arises, and a sense of insult or injury is left upon the mind of the dreamer. An insult received in this way in a dream has at times been revenged upon the party when the dreamer met his assumed enemy in bodily form. This confusion in the mind of the savage between the ideal and the real is also seen in the way a person is confounded with everything connected with his personality, such as his name, shadow, likeness, breath, &c.; Savages seldom name the dead through a fear of raising the dead person in the form of an appari tion—a superstition that may underlie the old saying, "Speak of the devil and his imps will appear." In many countries it is regarded as a great insult to tread upon the shadow of another person, the shadow being regarded as part of the person himself. We still speak of the " shades" of the departed. It would easily fit in with ideas such as these to regard the vivid scenes realized in sleep as actual experiences. From this idea the inference followed as a natural consequence that the man was a dual personaility—a visible body and an invisible self—and in this way there was laid the foundations of that rude animistic philosophy which gave a spiritual counterpart to every natural object, and made a fetish of everything mysterious or that had associations with the dead. This is one of those subjects which gives the "touch of nature that makes the world akin." The Iliad contains clear proof that the Greeks of the days of Homer held precisely the same objective and realistic views with regard to dreams as do the lower races of to-day. Achilles sleeps and dreams and makes the fol lowing deductions: — "Ay, me, there reiuaineth then even in the home of Hades a spirit and phantom of the dead ; for all night long hath the ghost of hapless Patroclus stood over me, wailing and making moan." Early Christian litera ture contains numerous instances of 4'visions," "trances," &c.;, in which the doctrine of the soul leaving the body during sleep, visiting other scenes, and passing through various experiences of a spiritual kind, is fully recognised. Such " visions," though sometimes claimed by enthusiasts of the present day, are not so widely credited as they were formerly. Mohammed, Swedenborg, Joseph Smith, and others, by regarding their dreams in an objective sense, have given them the j character of revelations, and made them the foundations of great religious move ments. The significance of dreamB has, indeed, been recognised by every religion, whether ancient or modern. The remark of Homer that " dreams come from Zeus," has its parallel in the book of Job, when I the Oriental Theist says—" For God speaketh in a dream, in a vision of the night; when deep sleep falleth upon men in slumberings upon the bed, then he openeth the ears of men and sealeth their instruction," The StoicB, on a consideration of the love and care the gods bear to men, con cluded that they will tell their purposes to men in sleep, while Tertullian says, " <Ve receive dreams from God." The ideas which gave significance to dreams were no doubt similar in principle to that which we have remarked as underlying other aspects of folk-lore, namely that whatever is mysterious forms part of the super ' natural. In this way, mental diseases and the ravings of the insane, transcend itig as they did the science as well as the medical skill of former times, were taken as proofs of spiritual possession. Such " demoniacs" were greatly feared, and as it was believed they spoke involuntarily as the mouthpieceoftheindwellingdemon, they were often used, as in the case of the youDg woman in Philippi, for purposes of divination. The resemblance of the mental phenomena in insanity and sleep is remarkably, close. One writer graphically says, "In both cases the horses draw the chariot without a guide; with this difference, that the coachman is drunk in insanity, and asleep in dreams." The same process of reasoning which asso ciated supernatural powers with insanity attached a like significance to dreams. The dreams of Pharaoh, Joseph, and those of the butler and baker of the Egyptian Court, sb a group, illustrate the im portance attached to dreams by all classes in ancient Egypt, and supplies the in teresting fact that the interpretation of dreams was made a special cult among the "wise men" of that day. They were no less superatitiouBly regarded by the Chaldeans, as the dreams of Nebuchad nezzar show, whilst among the Greeks and Bomans sleeping in the temples, after a solemn sacrifice had been offered at the altar, was accounted one of the most effectual means of obtaining a response from the gods, who were supposed to make their revelations by means of dreams. The belief that dreams are realities, and are the result of the soul leaving the body of the sleeper for a time, is the first and lowest attempt at an explanation of the phenomena of dreams. The second stage involves the idea of revelation, in which the spirits of other spheres are supposed to come to us and hold inter course with us in our sleep. If such intercourse with spiritual agents can be established it opens to us a fruitful source from whence knowledge of a kind beyond mortal ken can be obtained. The seer read his dreams in the light of religious truth, but the general run of dreamers were content to see in the visions of the night portents [for good or ill that were awaiting fulfilment in their daily life. If such premonitory signs did not come spontaneously special means were used to stimulate the oracle into utterance. The ancients tried sacrifices and fasting before going to sleep, the modern servant girl uses incantation, or puts under her pillow some article which is credited with inducing prophetic dreams. In this way the subject of dreams, in folk-lore, over laps those of omens and divination, as well as the very curious subject of "second sight." There are many apparently authentic instances on record where dreams have not simply come true, but have involved minute particulars which at first thought might seem to prove that the information was received from a source external to the dreamer. The discovery of the remains of murdered persons by the instrumentality of dreams, of which there are many remarkable instances on record, is an illustration of such. The famous sonata by Tartini, known as "The Devil's Sonata," was reproduced from a dream in which the musician heard it performed on the violin by the devil, and received this flight of musical effort from the fiend upon the agreement that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange. Diffi cult mathematical problems, which could not be solved in waking moments, have been reasoned out by some in their dreams and remembered on waking. I knew a chemist in a Suffolk town who, in treating a stubborn case of ^chronic sores, dreamed one night that if he made an ointment of certain ingredients it would effect a cure. The man was a very reli gious man, and looked upon this dream as more than visionary. He made up the ointment according to the prescription received by meanB of his dreams, and strange to say it produced the desired effect. This discovery and the signal success accompanying its use led the chemist to patent his formula. A still more remarkable instance of this kind is related by Dr. Abercrom bie. Mr. Bowland, of Gala, a Scotch farmer, was being sued for heavy arrears of tithe, which he firmly believed his father before him had commuted by purchase. The most diligent search among the legal and domestic documents of the family failed to produce any proof of the transaction. The critical moments were approaching, and he was preparing to undertake his journey to Edinburgh to arrange with his pursuers. In great anxiety of mind he went to sleep and dreamed that his father, who had been dead many years, came to him and enquired what it was that troubled him so much. Mr. B. explained the cause, whereupon the apparition Baid, "you are ! right, my son, I have paid these tithes. The papers relating to the transaction are in the hands of M., attorney, who has retired from business and lives at Inveresk. I applied to him in this case although he never before transacted my business. It is possible that M. has forgotten this circumstance, which occurred so long ago; but yon can recall it to him by saying that, when I went to settle his account, a difficulty arose about the value of a Portugal gold piece, and that we agreed to drink out the difference at a tavern." Mr. B. was so impressed with this dream that he thought it worth while to go to Inveresk and seek out the person referred to by his father's shadow. The lawyer was very aged, and could not recollect at first that he had ever tran sacted business for Mr. B.'s father, but the mention of the foreign gold piece brought it to his memory. He sought for and found the papers by which the de lighted farmer was enabled to stop the prosecution. Instances such as those just related— and there are few persons who have not at times found some remarkable coinci dences between their dreams and after events — tend to impress the greater number of people with the idea that these dream impressions come from promptings outside themselves and prove the fact of spiritual communications. When science shall have made as great a conquest in elucidating mental phe nomena as it has effected in the world of matter, we shall probably possess a com plete philosophy of dreams. As It is, sufficient is known of the action of the mind under the abnormal conditions which prevail in disease, mental excite ment, and in sleep to explain many striking coincidences which might other wise appear almost supernatural. The awakened memories of events long since forgotten, the unlooked for association of ideas, and other mental efforts which come to us under some great stimulus, will often cause us to transcend ourselves. The case of the Scotch farmer related above looks mysterious enough, yet nothing is more likely than that the whole circumstances of the case had been detailed to him at the time by his father. The memory of his waking moments waB too feeble to resuscitate the particulars so long forgotten, but which became vividly reproduced to his mind in his dreams. The folk-lore concerning dreams is far too extended a subject for us to treat in detail. But the particular beliefs in this subject can be conveniently grouped into two or three classes, so that one or two examples will serve to illustrate the class in each case. In some of these we recog nise a survival of beliefs analagous to those which prevail in savage communities on this subject. ThuB, in Lincolnshire when it is said that if you see a departed friend in your dreams it is a sign that the de ceased had something to say to you or an office to perform on your behalf which was unaccomplished at death, such a belief embodies precisely the same realistic and objective view of dreams which we have described as general among the lower raceB. The association of ideas has no doubt suggested in a majority of cases the good or evil import which dreams denote, as when, in the same county, to dream of muddy water is believed to presage coming troubles, whilst clear water seen in our dreams gives the promise of good fortune. We can also see the suggestiveness of the following :—To dream of wild beasts indicates that the person will quarrel with his friends, as well as the belief held by the old Greeks that for a person to dream he was dead was indicative of coming periods of rest and freedom from care. A tooth dropping out in our dreams—presaging the loss of a friend by death—was a dream inter pretation in the days of Artemidorus as it is in Lincolnshire and other partB of Europe to-day. Sometimes, however, the connection of ideas between the objects of the dream and the events they are supposed to forecast is difficult to trace, as in the general rule that to dream of gold is lucky; but of silver unlucky. Or in the Lincolnshire couplet, dream of— Fruit out of season, Trouble without reason. Some of these rules of interpretation may have arisen quite arbitrarily, as for example, the association which Moslems make between eggs and woman in their dreams, which arose from the fact that Mohammed had compared woman to an egg hidden in a nest. It is interesting to note another class of dreamB, which are interpreted by the law of contrary. It would sometimes be found that dreams instead of coming true according to the principle of like for like, brought directly contrary results in the experience. This would lead to a certain number of cases where the interpretation was reached by the law of contrarities, as in the belief—which curiously enough is held in common by the Zulus of Africa and the peasants of England—that to dream of death denotes a marriage, whilst a marriage and its attendant festivities are a forecast of death. We may perhaps regard the somewhat anomalous rule that to dream of the devil is lucky as belong ing to this class. To have the same dream repeated three times is the surest evidence that it will come true. Many who have outgrown the super stitions of the daytime and in relation to things which belong to their waking experiences, are disturbed when they happen to have a dream of evil import. The domain of mental phe nomena is still but imperfectly explored. The play of ideas and the troops of | mental images which come and go in such unearthly combinations in our sleeping | moments are ourselves — yet not our selves. Science has gone a long way towards giving us a philosophy of dreams, and has effectually dispelled their terrors from the minds of the intelligent, but they are still good and evil omens to the people in general. The " Chap- Book of Dreams" is still vended in the fairs of European countries. The nutic maidens have not yet lost all faith in the use of sundry devices sb specifics to show them their sweethearts in their dreams; whilst the old people in the visions of the night see ill coming to their kye or get the first inti mation of the next piece of village gossip in a death or a mar riage. Whilst writing, a curious illustration of the faith which many people put upon dream revelations is supplied by the Melbourne papers. It appears that in clutching at every forecast of the probable result of "the Cup," not a few persons have been guided by their dreams. One case, detailed by the Argus, was that of a man who having received a "dream-tip," repeated several times, in favonr of a certain horse, was so impressed with the significance of the hints thus given that he sold up his stock-in-trade, amounting to nearly £700, and put all he had on the "iavourite," with the result shown by telegrams after the rase that his prophetic dreams have proved him false. The lesson supplied by this failure will of course be lost, whilst any successful " tip" got by dreams will be repeated as proof that dreams come true, and will maintain the prejudice amongst the crowd in generaL 