ÍNEW GUINEA. '] ~ (FROM OUR OWN' CORRESPONDENT.) PORT MORESBY, AUGUST 7. I am writing this for our monthly mail, which is at last fairly established. The ss. Victory, belonging to Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., has been subsidised by the Government to carry mails, and will come here regularly nee a month from Thursday Island, calling at Darnley and Yule Islands en route. She arrived here on the 28th ultimo, and has gone on to Dinner Island, and is due here again to-morrow. This regular communication with Australia will do much to encourage traders on the coast, whose great difficulty hitherto has been the absence of means for shipping their produce and receiving their supplies with regularity. It also puts New Guinea within the reach of enterprising travellers, who can now pay a visit of whatever length they please to this land of golden name and hopes. I have just returned from a voyage to the west in the mission schooner Ellengowan, during which I have had an opportunity of seeing much of the coast country between this and Port Chalmers. Our first calling place was IT all Sound, a fine harbour between Yule Island and the mainland. The beauties of Yule Island have been described almost as often as those of Sydney Harbour, so I spare my readers. Two years ago it was, except for one family, uninhabited ; now a considerable village has been formed on the south-east side of the island by natives of Koro on the opposite mainland. Some years ago they migrated from the island on account of the number of " ghosts "-which, divcBtod of superstition, means that so much sickness and death prevailed that the people were afraid. On a shadeless hill above the village is the Roman Catholic establishment. I called to pay my respects to the Fathers, and was received most cordially by Father Verjus. He told me that Father Navarre, the head of the mission, was away at Thursday Island, but that he had two lay brethren with him as his colleagues. The Koro district, at the back of Hall Sound, is low and swampy the home of malaria and mosquitoes. But I counted no less than eight ranges of hills on the western side, lying one behind the other -like the leaves of an open book, as yet spread and unexplored. Marys is the next district to store, and as there is no anchorage there we went in a whaleboat. There is no protecting reef, and during the south-east monsoon it is always difficult, and often impossible, to land. Ours proved to be one of the impossible times and so we had to return to Aoo Point, just opposite Yule Island, and tramp it for 12 miles along the beach. Groves of cocoanut trees begin some miles before Marys is reached, and extend right away to Cape Possession, but, although the trees are so plentiful, there was not an old not to be seen. Cobra traders would have a poor chance here. The people are very numerous, and their garden ground limited, so the cocoanut comes to he one of their most important food producers. They gather the fruit before it arrives at maturity, and store none. At Rivers, a few miles beyond Marys, the cocoanuts are all tabooed for a feast. To ensure the taboo being respected a number of young men patrolled the village wearing masks, and coveted down to their feet with dried banana leaves or grass. The masks were most elaborate and ingenious. One was made to represent a boat with two or three men in it; another a hawk, on a crocodile, and another a pig, but the most surprising was a very fair representation of a young woman dressed in European style. As they never can have seen more than two or three white women, their skill was very remarkable. They stood in front of us in a row for the usual backsheesh a piece of tobacco. They generally carry a short stick under their arm, and cause much terror among the women and children. This custom seems to be similar to the " dum-dum " of New Britain ; but it has not the significance and sacredness which it seems to have there. They sleep at night, but my rest was broken by the constant third of falling cocoanuts gathered by hungry people while " kava kuk " slept. The first villages to the west of Cape Possession are those of Oihapu. It is a pleasant walk along the beach of about 12 miles from Rivoli. This is the beginning of the Elema district, one of the largest and most populous in this part of New Guinea. It is also the beginning of the sago country. The people are darker in colour than those farther east, and different in their habits and customs. The men are powerful and muscular. The women cannot be said to be beautiful according to European ideas of beauty, while their clothing is of the scantiest. There are three villages at Oihapu, of which Love is the largest and most important Food seemed to be plentiful, but consisted principally of sugar cane, bananas, and sago. There is no sheltered anchorage, and during the south-east season landing through the surf in a good whaleboat is not always practicable. One of the party of South Sea Island teachers who passed through Sydney last January was placed at Oihapu by Mr. Lawes on the occasion of our visit. The people seemed glad to receive him, and had built a good house for him in anticipation of his arrival. Of course they only desire his residence among them for the material advantages it may bring them in the shape of tobacco, knives, and tomahawks. At the same time they understand that if they accept a teacher they must live at peace with their neighbours. One of the Oihapu villages is deserted. The people have quarrelled with the larger village, and have gone away, and are camped on the beach three or four miles off. The principal chief has promised that they shall be brought back directly, and peace made with them. The next village, about eight miles distant, is Iokeo. It was a most pleasant walk along a hard sandy beach. Cocoanut trees abound, and plenty of young nuts were brought to us to drink, but we saw no old nuts. Iokca is but a small village. The people came from Less, and formed a colony here. I wanted to walk. from Kokoda to Motumotu, but the numorous creeks and rivers prevented my doing so. There are a good many uncomfortable crocodile yarns about, and the mouths of rivers are the favourite resorts of these ugly creatures. There is a very large native population at Motumotu. They are much darker in colour than those to the east of Yule Island, and a much finer and more powerful race. The village is not a fine one. There are good houses, but every street has little enclosures with dilapidated fences and wretched, low, broken-down houses. These are the tombs of the illustrious dead. The streets and squares are terribly disfigured by these memorials of the departed. A number of fine new clubs were just building, and some were finished. These "duties" are a kind of club house for the men, and at some seasons houses of seclusion for the young men. At particular times youths of about 16 retire to the club. Their hair up to this time is kept short, with only a little left in front and behind. They remain in the duty until their hair has grown long enough to come down over their faces. The teacher told me that it was generally eight or nine months, and sometimes more than a year, before they emerged from their prison house. During the whole of this time they are sacred, and must not see a woman. Their food is cooked for them by mother or sister, and taken to them by one of the men. There is great rejoicing when they come out, and much feasting. After this they wear the dress and ornaments of the men, but cannot marry until they have reached another stage, and attained a different style of Hair dressing. When the dust is not occupied by those young recluse, it is used by the men as their special quarters. On the large platform in front they discuss polities, plan expeditions, and talk Scandal, while they chew betel nut, and pass round the bamboo tobacco pipe. The floor is about 15 or 10 feet from the ground, and the building about 80 feet long. The roof is high in front, and slopes down to the back. There is a narrow passage down the middle of the club, and on either side sleeping places, about d feet wide, alternated with a fireplace. There is no window or aperture; the thatch comes down to the floor, and when the fires are going the mosquitoes have no chance. This is a great sago-malting district. Motuunotu makes great quantities for trade with other tribes and villages. The people were busy preparing it on the river bank when we arrived. The sago palm is very plentiful ( up the river. It is generally brought down to the , village for manufacture. The tree is usually cut when it is 25 or 30 feet high. The log is brought down to the village, where the pith is dug out with a very primitive implement. This is done by the men j the women then wash it in a rude trough of back, and it is strained through the coarse canvas which grows at the base of the palm, fronds. It is packed won in bags made of the same coarse material, each bundle weighing from 3lb. to 4lb. Twelve feet of the tree will make three or four of these, so that one palm of 30 feet will yield about 600 lb. of wet sago'. The whole process of preparing it is primitive and rough. Before it would be fit for any civilised market it would need to be leashed and dried. After spending three days with this most interesting people, the Ellengowan picked us up, and we sailed for Yule Island. Two Protestant teachers have been at Motumotu for about two years. The natives, who are great warriors, were very quarrelsome ; but a change had come over them in this respect since the teachers have been living amongst them. The young men are now agitating for some fighting, that they may inaugurate the new " dubua " with feasting and military glory. On our return voyage to Port Moresby we met the Governor Cairns in Redscar Bay, with the Special Commissioner on board, bound to Thursday Island, via Hall Sound. Aug. 12. We found civilisation had made rapid strides in our absence. A gaol was in course of erection, and the site for a cemetery is marked out. The Government surveyor, Mr. Cuthbertson, with his staff of men, have been busy marking out the township, which is to be on the peninsula which forms the south-eastern side of the harbour. A good many plots of ground have been bought by the Government from the natives, some of which, I suppose, will be offered for sale whenever the Imperial Government assumes sovereignty. There was not an atom of truth in the statement which appeared in your issue of July 21, that the natives had interfered with the surveyor, and that he had been obliged for a time to knock off work in consequence. An expedition of exploration and observation has been sent by the Government, inland from Kapakapa to the Kemp Welch River. The only Europeans were Mr. G. Hunter and Dr. Clarkson. They returned on Saturday last, delighted with the country they passed through. The district over which they travelled is, for New Guinea, thickly populated ; but the natives were friendly. Two mission teachers have been brought in from Rigo and Samoa by Mr. Douglas's orders, pending an inquiry into a charge made against them of speaking disrespectfully of his Excellency. The health of Port Moresby has improved, and fever abated. From the East end we have news of Mr. and Mrs. Forbes. They were still at Dinner Island, and in good health. The natives were quiet, but a sad accident had occurred which may lead to trouble. Dick, the London Missionary Society teacher at Dinner Island, East the mission boat, in charge of a native crew, to Teste Island. The weather was very bad, and it is feared the boat is lost with all hands. There is but little shipping news. The Government has bought the cutter Daisy from Captain Minster. The Governor Cairns, is expected back at the end of the month. H.M.S. Lark arrived yesterday from Cooktown, and will proceed in a few days to Hall Sound for surveying work. The Ellengowan left on the 7th instant for Cooktown, with Dr. Clarkson and Mr. English as passengers. She is expected back about the 28th. Our mail steamer, the Victory, leaves this afternoon for Thursday Island, via Hall Sound and Motumotu. 