THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE They were waiting for a train at a wayback station np in Humboldt County, and tbe conversation turned to spiri tualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said : — ' Wall, fur my part, I never did go much on eperrit-rappins, ghosts, and all of them kind er things, bnt I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunst.' ' How was that i' asked a solemn man, with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. ' Wall, yer see, it was one night abont a year ago. I was a-Iayiu' in my cabin np on the Little B'ar River. I woke np loug er midnight and got ler thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very Dight. Putty soon I felt eomethin' tech the blaukits kinder soft like.' ' Rats,' suggested the switch- tender. ' No, there ain't no rats in them parts. Putty soou I felt suthin' like a hand a-squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scared then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wua outside, and I was plumb sartiu' thar wasn't anutber human bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepin' iu Grizzly's blaukits, too, so I sez, "Is that you, Smith I" ' ' And there was two raps,' said the long-haired man. ' No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin' rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp — 'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek.' ' Case of materialisation,' said the long-haired party. ' Rate,' said the switch-tender again. 1 tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar,' growled the trapper. ' I 'low I was badly scared then, and ther cold sweat a-droppin offen me. " Does yer want tor kermoonicate suthin' Grizzly ?" sez L Then ther buzzin' begun agin. Arter that snthin' teched my other hand.' ' Rats,' wedged in the switchman. ' You'll have ter heel yerself if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker,' eaid the hunter ominously. ' Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blau kits offen me, jnmped np and struck a light.' ' Aud what did you see V ' Why, nnthin', geuts, but a big rattlesnake. Nnthin' but a plain ord'- nary rattier. An' me most scarred ter death by ther durn thing's monkeyings, too. Wall, you bet I jest rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd burst.' ' And the snake Y asked the crowd. ' The snake %' eaid the trapper simply. ' Wall, I disremember what — I guessed I stepped on its head, or suthin'. No, gents, ! don't take -no stock in sperrits. Here's ther train." Natubal Gas. — The natural gas industry in the United States appears to be growing in. importance as its benefits become more generally known, and tbe interest in every thing relating to natural gas shows no signs of abatement. In Pennsylvania and West Virginia tire experimental stage has been passed. The total length of pipe thus far laid in and about Pittsburg is oyer .6000 miles, of which tbe Philadelphia Company Owns more than half. - The pipes are from six to twenty-four inches in diameter. - The present supply, of Pittsburg , is from fifty wells, and besides its use in scores of manu facturing establishments, preparations are being made to supply more than 10,000 dwellings. Tne Philadelphia Company has control over about 840,006 ' acres of gas territory, and the Chartiers Valley Company about 25,000 acres. Within two years 232 natural gas companies have been organized in Western - Pennsyivannia, all located within lees than a dozen counties. The Philadelphia Company has a . capital of 5,000,000 dols., and the Chartiers Valley ' Company of 4,000,000 dols. These facts and .figures give some idea of tiie immense impor- - tance of this industry, which had no exis tence yrorth , mentioning, two years ago. Until quite recently, little importance was attached to the production of natural gas as an article Of commerical value. It is not so very long -ago that nearly all the largest gas wc|ls were deliberately net on fire for no other purpose than to see how great a flame could be procured from a hole in the ground, and to get rid of the gas. Good Words— From Good Authority.— j _ > WejconfesB that we iare perfectly amazed at the run of your American Co.'s Hop .Bitters- .We never had anything like it and never heard of the like. 'The writer 'Benton) has been selling -drags here 1 nearly thirty years, andhasseenthe rise of Hos- tetter's, Vinegar, and all other bitters and patent medicines, bntngverdid any of them, in their best days, begin to have thht run that American Hop Bifcterahave. We can't get enough of themr We are oat of Mram half the time. - Extract from . letter to American Hop Bitters Co:, TJ.S. A. August. 22, 'JS, from Bentpk, Myebs and Co., wholesale druggists, Cleveland, O. Bt sure and see. .v-it st- A 