Embezzlements Extra ordinary. A coi:?ctde:s't occurrence in different places of crimes of an identical or similar nature is not an infrequent thing. The Australasian colonies are having just now a costly and. titter experience of the untrustworthiness of some men who aie placed in positions in which trustworthiness is the primary qualification. In three of the capital cities of Australia there have recently lieen defalcations to a most serious extent by men who held positions, more or lees responsible, in banks. The em bezzlements differ in amount, in method, in turpitude. In the latter quality, not on moral grounds but on the difference in their disastrous results, and on the culpable negligence of directors and auditors, who failed in their respective functions of oversight and examination. The worst case of all is that of Alex ander Crooks, late manager of the Commercial Bank of South Australia. On the 7th instant this man was placed on his trial in Adelaide for embezzling £5,000. This was only one case against him ; on one only was he tried. There were others. The total amount of his defalcations was not less than £30,000. He had for several years been the manager of the bank. He was trusted implicitly. 'Without being an accredited member of any churchke bore the char ac- terofareligiousman. His active interest in aocial and religiouB movements pre cluded suspicion attaching to him. He disguised his character by a specious garb of hypocrisy. Under that diB guise he deliberately effected the imuuji'iui rum ui niuuy ^jtjuijiu wxio wore deceived by his false reputation and life. For scoundrels of that kind, there can be no adequate punishment. The remorse which follows the detec tion of a long course of crime is a piti ful compensation for the actual misery inflicted on scores of trusting but be trayed people. Character is the basis of confidence. How hard it sometimes isto penetrate the maBk which a bad character assumes is shown by this case. If Crooks's confession was genuine he is excessively sorrowful for others' sake. There is neither virtue nor remedy in that sorrow. Had the sorrow which crime should produce in the breast of such a man operated effectually before the terrible revelation of the fraudulent processes and results there might have been some pity for him. He might have pulled himself up and averted some, at least, of the dire consequences of his persistence in secret crime. As Chief Justice 'Way pointed out to him, he was not an ordinary criminal, he had not been trained to criminality ; he had, indeed, been well trained in early life, he had. not been associated in later life with vicious people, he had not, from poverty of circumstances, been suddenly confronted with a mone tary difficulty, and become a thief because overcome by momentary tempta tion. He had given himself over, to tho demon of speculation. He had hasted to bo rich in a wrong course and by wrong methods. It is perilous to; I _? speculate with borrowed money ; but it is both vicious and perilous when the borrowing is done without leave and wholly at another's riBk. Many n fair character has been blackened ; many a bright life shadowed ; many a happy homo wrecked, and many a respectable family disgraced^ by thia system of speculating with money fraudulently obtained. The next case in kind and degree is that of Holt, a fugitive defaulter who was arrested in Brisbane a few days ago. He also was a bank manager. He occupied a highly-paid position of trust in the Sydney branch of the Bank of New Zealand.-. At first his disappear ance was wrapped in mystery. The why and wherefore of his going were enigmas. xau was iiimuBb luo reapeutaDiB, m ms own line, to be suspected of fraud. Tho bank authorities refused to believe that his Buddcn and unexplained departure had any relation to his position in tho bank. He was a man of fine stylo everyway. He occupied a mansion and lived like a nobleman. His house was furnished magnificently. His salary was good; it is said not less than £3,000 per annum. A man might live in showy style on that income. But Holt's style was of the transcendent order. Shrewd men might wonder whence came the means, but feow could anybody suspect such, a splendid host, companion, or friend, of being a rogue ? Even when he went away so mysteri ously it took many days to shake con fidence in his integrity. True, there is mostly a ghost or a crime at the bottom of a social mystery, but some men have a skilful way of keeping above sus picion. Holt was a man of this sort. 'What a facility of crime it affords a man! A highly-trusted man, who is affable and amiable, genial and generous withal, can play a fast game of roguery and keep it up for a marvellously long time. 'Whether Holt has been doing that we dare not aver. His case has not yet reached the point of ac quittal or conviction. 'We can only refer to the facts of his life and the ac cusations stated against him. Specula tion, ostentation, gambling ; these seem to be the besetting sins of young bank managers. Is it quite judicious to place even middle-aged men in such positions of trust without keeping a sharp eye on their style of living, and on the extent of their investment and speculations ? If they are addicted to gambling should not that induce extra wariness ? There must be more vigilance and care on the part of directors and auditors. Mostly bank managers are judiciously selected, and the proportion of defaulters is small. The most vigilant peoplo may sometimes be deceived. There is another ease in point. Not a manager this time, but a ' teller.' A man named Lawrence, pavine teller in in the City of Melbourne Bank, was sentenced on the 31st ultimo by Mr. Justice Higinbotham to two yeaTB hard labour, including 12 weeks of solitary confinement, for robbing the bank by a systematic series of frauds, so cleverly carried cut that had dis covery been made the onus would have fallen on a superior officer. He was not suddenly tempted ; he carried on his embezzlements during two years. He also lived beyond his means. But the audit was lax; the oversight was defective. Hence the comparative light ness of the sentence. There are some lessons — social, economical, moral — which might be drawn from these cases. If directors of banks do not learn their lessons, crimes of these sorts will be repeated. It is almost useless to moralise to fast folk ; they will go their way till Nemesis overtakes them. 