E T T I E ' S W A G E R . Br FBAXK LTUN. Chapter I. 1 What a dark night it is going to be. exclaimed Ada George, turning from tin window, where she had been standing foi some minutes, watching the lowering grev eh-u.ls that shrouded the sky, "and list'ii to the gusts of wind that howl through the trees, how they must moan iu the fir plantation," she added with a shudder. " What nonsense, May 1" cried tin dark girl, with a scornful look, "how cai you repeat such rubbish." " It is n t rubbish or nonsense, Ettie, £ am sure you would not dare to go into the fir plantation at 12 to- night." " Yes," was the haughty answer, " anci for a thousand nights if you like. As it I would be afraid of a villager's fancy. Why, the plantation, though I believe it is very old, was not even thought about, much less planted when the Normam conquered England. The story no doubt arose f roni the weird moaning of the tree^ on a windy night. Any slight thing it enough to form a legend among the common people." " Perhaps, but all the same I dare you to go to the plantation." " I will," was the determined answer. " I bet my Arab pony against a dozen pairs of gloves you do not." Again Ettie answered, " I will," and then in answer to a message that the footman had delivered during the conversation, left the room. " How mad you were, May," said Ada, " to make such a bet. You will lose your horse, as Ettie is sure to go, and I do not believe a thousand ghost stories would frighten her." " Is she so brave then ?" asked May beginning to tremble for the safety of her Arab. '"Yes. We were, at school together, and Ettie would always do the most outrageous things, just to show that she feared nothiug, and since she has been in Canada she is far worse." - " Then we must frighten her," replied May, " will any of you girls dress up as a ghost aud go to the fir plantation this evening?" But though none of the girls eared for the haughty Ettie, they could not summon up enough courage to do the heroic, even to frighten her. So all were silent for a few minutes. " Why not go yourself May ?" suggested one. " But that would not be fair," answered May, who would have preferred losing a dozeu Arabs to venturing into the firs at night, even without the chance of meeting any ghost cn route. " I do not- see the difference," said Ad quietly. " You made the b' 1 !-, so things ought to be -left to their natural course." "We must all go together," said May. not heeding Ada's remark, " and hide ourselves, groans and moans should be enough to frighten her." "That will be better," was the universal comment of them all, except Ada, and liastening to the window she looked out to see if it were likely to rain. Tlie grey pale of clouds hung low on the horizon and hid everything from their sight, while the moaning wind swept in fitful gusts around the old house whistling mournfully among the ivy. " I do iiot think it will rain,"' said one, " but it looks very snowy." ', " I hope it will not snow of all things. We should never be able to get to the plantation." " Ettie would not be able to go too," suggested another. " Yes, she would. Nothing stops her when she is iii the mood, so snow or not, we must do our part and try to frighten her. Byt here is Ettie coming back again. I should know her step among a thousand, it is so firm." As Ada spoke Ettie re- entered the room/ "How long am 1 to stay in the plantation ?" she asked, half curtly. " Half an hour, from twelve to halfpast." " "Very well, I shall start from here at half-past eleven and return at one. It is just half an hour's walk there. Hardly that I think in fine weather, but it is too windy to-night for one to go very quickly. Now Ada come and practice the duet we promised to sing at Mrs. Dacre's concert, and girls, you must be critics and tell us of any faults, but : pray be impartial,'* she followed Ada to the other end where the piano stood, and soon the girls beautifully blended voices filled the room. " How wiU that do r asked'Ettie, turning to the rest. ; " Splendidly," said Slay Dawson, languidly, "but I like the other duct you were practising this morning better." We are to sirig that as well," said Ada. " In fact they might as well say we are going to sing the whole. Why do not you feirlsget up a voice between you ana make yourselves useful ?" " Can't or we would," was the laughing answer, and the group of girls around the fire resumed s their light chatter,. quite unheeding the continued surging of their musical companions. This was kept up until the dressing bell rang, and -Mr. Dacre entering, announced the fact that the hunters were home, and through the break up in the weather not in a mood to wait for their dinner. In a hurry, the merry girls bustled away To be continued. 