THE MERCURY. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1886. THE theory, of which Mr. GLADSTONE was the originator and main supporter, that Russia was a most honourable and amiable friend of Great Britain, has re- ceived one or two more illustrations. Whether these illustrations, like the pre- vious ones, will only serve to make the Liberal party in England more convinced of the entire correctness of ils former chief we shall not undertake to say, but they seem to us to be something more than straws to show which way the wind blows, for they point to the settled policy of Russia. With this policy, sooner or later, the Government of Great Britain will have to reckon. Possibly, she may not have to reckon without allies if sha is wise, but if she allows herself to be deluded by a man of reckless temperament and strong pre- judices, she may find that she has to face a very grave danger alone. Whatever may bo (he case from the wild Radical point of view, it is certain that the European Press outside Great Britain holds the proceedings in Egypt and in Afghanistan as a proof of the incapacity of the British policy, and it regards the present developments as the direct out- come of that policy. This may be very wicked of the foreign Press, which does not at all admire the GLADSTONIAN foreign policy, whatever it may say about his Home Rule proposals, but such is the fact, and the comments are, of course, the reversent complimentary to the British Government. The declaration of Russia that Batoum will no longer be a free port, seems to hare caused a great deal of excitement on the Continent of Europe, as though it portended troubles to come. At first sight, this may not seem to be of great importance, especially to the Colonies, as it cannot matter much whether the place is a free port or not, but, once again, we have to admit that our foreign contemporaries understand these matters at least as well as the English papers, which occasionally pro- fess to be so very much superior. The declaration of Russia simply means an open and flagrant violation of the Treaty of Berlin. It is abold disregard of a clause in the Treaty which was agreed to after very much deliberation, and which was inserted at the instance of Lord BEACONSFIELD and Lord SALISBURY, the representatives of Great Britain. The Russians in the war of 1878 were unable to capture Batoum, which was held by the Turks, but it was ceded to Russia by the Treaty of St. Stephino. Lord BEACONSFIELD strongly resisted the cession of this place, which he regarded as very important, but finally consented that it should be made a free port. A clause waa accordingly inserted in the Treaty, by which the Emperor of RUSSIA under- took to preserve Batoum as a free port and as essentially commercial, and it is this clause which has now been finally abrogated. We say finally, because, in reality, the clause has been partially violated for some time past, inasmuch as Russia has been fortifying Batoum with the full knowledge of Great Britain, which has done nothing, and probably, was quite unable to do any thing, to any useful purpose. One of the last acts of Lord ROSEBERY, as Foreign Minister, was to protest against this violation of the Treaty, and the foreign papers are, no doubt, quite correct in saying that the protest will not produce the slightest effect, and in regarding the whole business as practically accomplished already. By some process of reasoning, which we can only regard as showing how loose the morals of nations are, they declare that the action of Russia only concerns Great Britain, as it was she who desired Batoum to be declared a free port, and they cynically say that it is not probable that the other Powers will trouble themselves much about the matter. Naturally, the ordinary observer is inclined to ask, what is the use of treaties, and of what value is the guaranty of tha Great Powers, if treaties can be broken in this fashion? Like the cat in the fable, Russia seems to have only one kind of policy, and that is sufficient for its purpose. She invari- ably chooses the tims to make a move when Great Britain is in difficulties, and it happens curiously that these moves have been made when Mr. GLADSTONE was in power. The last violation of a treaty by Russia took place when Great Britain was hampered by the Alabama Question, and the Franco- Prussian war had rendered concerted action impossible, and the present viola- tion is made just when Mr. GLADSTONE has plunged his country into a bitter controversy, which has arrayed the political parties in the most violent antagonism to each other. This policy is fully recog- nised by all the writers in the foreign journals, who being no better than wicked Jingoes, fail to have that proper, admiration for the GLADSTONIAN foreign policy which is a duty for all his ad- mirors. A Vienna paper, which is re- garded as having a very considerable knowledge of European policy, says that with Mr. GLADSTONE , at the head of affairs Great Britain is in worse straits ; than ever. It is even wicked enough to impute mean motives to the Liberal leader, for it says, " Russia knows that Mr. GLADSTONE never had much affection for the Berlin Treaty, and that she may act with impunity." This implies, of course, that a GLADSTONE Ministry would be mean enough to sacrifice the policy of a Ministry to which it had been opposed, although that policy had been sanctioned by the Legislature, and its maintenance was essential to the preservation of the honour of the country. Whatever may be their merits, it is evident that the Gladatonian methods do not excite the admiration of foreign critics, who have quite other ideas of what the foreign policy of a country should be, but it is not easy to see what Great Britain could do, even now that a new Ministry is in power. Russia ap- pears to hare grown recalcitrant all along the line. The Afghan Commission seems to have partially failed, and there is a clear disposition to make trouble in Afghanistan, and to take advantage of the difficulties that have arisen in Great Britain. For the Colonies all this has a very important moral. Nothing can be more evident, we think, than that they will not be inclined very much longer to allow things to remain as they are, see- ing that one man may leave a legacy of trouble which may involve the whole Empire. The actions of Russia openly belie all the professed beliefs of the GLADSTONE party, and of that other party which used to cling to the creed that nothing particular was ever going to happen. We have the spectacle of a great Power insisting that the Treaty of Berlin shall be strictly observed by Bulgaria, whilst it is openly violated by the Power itself, and we see that Great Britain is morally powerless to alter the situation. The time cannot, we think, be very far distant when the Colonies will be inclined to say that a policy which produces such results must be unsound, even foolish, and then they will want to shape action as well as bear its consequences. In the meantime, they will do well to remember that their business is to be prepared to protect themselves, as no one can say what may happen. WE have a shrewd suspicion that tho ses- sion, which is to be opened on Tuesday next, w ill be devoted rather to the discussion of principles than measures. Indeed, looking at the state of affairs generally, there docs not appear to be much scope for now legis- lation at the present time, whilst it is cer tain that there is not room for many new works. But theie are several important matters to be settled, and the settlement of which will take a considerable time. Amengst these is the question of the pow ers of the two Houses in regard to money matters, which has been simmering for a long time, but w hich is now likely to i boil over, in consequence of the addi I tional heat derived from the decision in the Queensland case. On this point, however, M e recommend the Assembly not to be in a very great burry, for there are yet sundry new developments to take place, notably in New South Wales, where there is a strong disposition not to accept the ex cMtdrâ ruling of the Privy Council as final. We'are aware that the present Attorney-General gave notice of a motion some years ago, based upon the resolutions of the House of Commons in the case of the Paper Duties Bill, which was not discussed, but we may hope that the Ministry will not be led astray by a specious analogy. ' 'What- ever may be done, we trust that Ministers will not lead the attack, because they are likely to get what is vulgarly called in the wrong box in the < end. For, of this all may ,be assured, that the Council will be able to protect itself, if only it is driven to take an extreme course. Besides this question, which will have charms for many, we fully expect that the w hole management of the public works will be debated at considerable length', and-vve may safely predict that the report of the Royal Cotnmission will be made very con- siderable use of, especially ,by- those who wish to show how very wicked and extrava- gant the Ministry* has been. That report is like a sharp sword, a very powerful weapon in the hands of those who know how to use it, but very liable i to wound those that do not. All sorts of absurd things have been said i about it, not the least absurd of which is, that Ministers must not question it because they appointed ;tlie Commissioners.' This we regard ' as simply childish. Ministers _ did their best to get the most suitable men, for which they are.to be commended; ithey gare the men they, did get carte blanche, -in doing which we are disposed to think they acted unwisely; and they',courted-the enquiry which was generally thought to be desirable. Bat, it does not follow that they, or any- body else, are bound to accept all that is said, since much is based on palpable mis- takes, and some positive conclusions cannot be sustained. The report may be made a fund of information, but, like many other things, it may lead astray as well as in the ' right direction. Then, of course, there will be a great financial debate. Certain persons, whose reputations as great arithmeticians may b« said to be at stake, will be concerned to show that the colony ia going headlong to ruin, though they should show that it is ruined already, if only tbey were consistent, which is, we suppose, a great deal too muchio-txpect. The more this subject is debated, so long as the debate is really conducted with a desire to get at the truth, the better will it be. We may remind ' all concerned, however, that the financial state of a country must be gathered from many considerations, a fact which was well understood by Lord 1'icon when he coun- selled the founders of cew settlements to confide their affairs rather to noblemen than to traders. His reason waa, that traders look to the immediate results, whereas it is necessary to regard the future, and often to sacrifice a present advantage for a future gain. By the time these matters have been ' dealt with and soma legislation passed, honorable members will begin to long once moro for their hornes,- unless, indeed, the proceedings 'should be diversified with a crisis, when much valuable time will be lost C.viiLF. NEWS.-Colonial tourists in Ireland aro receiving a most hearty welcoir.a-from tho Lord Mayor of Dubüu, and from resident noblemen, They aro also- heartily greeted by tho general public. Mr Anthony Mus- grave, Governor of Queensland,, will leave Enuland for that colony in* October next. It is rumoured that M. Jules Gievy, President of thn French Republic, is nboutr to retire, and that his çlace will bo filled by M. Freycinet, President of the Council and Minister for'Foreign Affairs. The Irish American Convention, held, annually 'in America to discuss Irish* affairs,'was opened at Chicago on ,the ISiJi hist Negotiations are in progress for a sculling match between Gnudaurnnd W. BCACII for £1,000, and the championship of the "world. ,Articlcs were to bo signed yesterday. The prospects of the next wool sales, commencing on the 7tb proximo, nro said to be excellent, ' anil giving promise of an advance on July prices. ' '' t ',' OrrosiTioK CAUCDS.-A meeting of Oppo- sition members is to be, held, at Currio's Hotel on Monday next prior to the meeting of Parliament. Tho meeting has>.been called at a late Jionr,so.as to admit of.tljo attendance"of members" arriving from tho, North per the night's express: THE"ANTARCTIC REGIONS.-The Chief Sec rotary has received a''communication froim the Premier of Victoria, Mr. Duncan Gillies, stating that a Joint Committee of the1 Royal Society of Victoria and the Geo- graphical Society i ¡of i Australasia' have! adopted a resolution affirming the desirable-1 ness of an Antarctic exploration, not only for! the purpose of science, but abo in the' interests of commerce. A deputation waited, upon him with reference to this resolution | on the Gth ins t., and the representations I then made In support of the'proposition! appeared to him to bo worthy of a favourable consideration. ' Under these circumstances he undertook to bring tho matter under the) notice of the other Australian .Governments, ! and had much'pleasure' in'asking whether in the ¡nterests'of science the Government of this colony would feel disposed, to join in a I subsidy such as would lead' to_tbc'_despatch > of ad expedition to the AnjÄrcticJSeas. (It, will j bo remembered that the matter was brought i before the Fellows of the Royal Society at! their last monthly meeting in a circular] received from the Joint Committee of the ' Royal Society of Victoria and the Geo-' graphical Society of Australasia,' and its ' consideration was postponed on the motion of Mr. C. P. Sprent; who promised to con- tribute a paper on the subject at the next ' meeting ¡of the society, , Pending ' the dis- cussion of the subject by the Royal Society here the Government will' postpone any decision in the matter. TUE DERWENT VALLEY RAILWAY.-The contractor for the construction of, the Der- went Valley Railway''has replied' to the Minister of Lands, intimating that ho will comply with_the~dcmaud*'maiie (toi proceed forthwith with' the_ construction of th'e bridges, but as he considers the prices fixed by the Engineer-in-Chief Jor the extra work too low, he applies thatjtliCjprices shall, be fixed by arbitration, ns'provided for in the contract, in the case of a difference arising. It has been arranged that tlie work shall be proceeded with, and steps will ,be taken to settle tho prices by arbitration as soon as possible. RAILWAY PRACTICE AND MOUNTAIN RAIL- WAYS.— Mr. C. K. Sheard sends us a copy, in pamphlet form, of a "Descriptive paper of railway practice and mountain railways " of a similar description to the Tasmanian railways now under construction. The principal object of the writer is to prove to the Government and public of Tasmania that the construction of the different narrow guage railways of this country ia based upon the best known and accepted data, and that there has been no departure from the experi- ence of actual test and successful working of the steep lines of America, the Continent of Europe, and other similarly constructed lines, as the Launceston and Scottsdale Railway, and the Derwent Valley Railway. To this end voluminous references and detailed descriptions of the famous mountain rail- roads of the world are given, illustrated by a comparative diagram of the profiles. The pamphlet is very carefully compiled, and evidences a large amount of systematic labour and careful thought on the subject. A HEREFORD HERD BOOK.-Mr. T. Tabart has shown a member of our reporting staffa copy of rules and regulations ot the Austra- lasian Herdbook Society, published in Queensland. The object of the society is, by record of the pedigrees of Hereford cattle, to iuduce breeders to keep up the best strains. As this breed of cattle is coming much into fashion in Queensland, there is every opportunity of a trado thus beiug opened up between the stock raisers in Queensland and Tasmania, where pedigree cattle w ill compare favourably with any in the other colonies. When in Queensland, Mr. Tttbirt was advised by some of the officers of the society that a shipment would find a good market there, and probably some of our stock growers may consider it advis- able to follow the example of Mr. John Taylor, who has boen elected a member of the council. Mr. Tabart will bo happy to furnish all information to those desiring it. lion «IT LETTER CARRIERS.-A letter appeared in Thursday morning's Mercury, headed "The Letter Carriers," asserting " a notice paper has bec-i posted on the walls of the upstairs post office room, telling , the employees, that, should any feel dis- satisfied now they are at liberty to leave." This, weare now informed isagrossfabrication. The men bav-e been asked, in the presence of Mr. Boyes and the office-keeper, if they had any complaint of any kind to make with reference to the office, or to their posi- tion in it ? when they one and all replùd " There was nothing." It »'apparent, how- ever, that one of them has communicated with "Mechanic," and it is a matten for regret that ho should have made statements which' he may fail to substantiate. The office ' is exceedingly well ventilated and healthy, and we are assured that it is untrue that there is any " languid " or " unhealthy atmosphere "_in it. The secretary has no desire to to take any praise himself with regard to'th'e'position of the letter- carriers now, ' compared to that which they occupied m the year IS77 when the salary of a. fall letter carrier was 5s./Gd. per,diem. In 1873 he got the salary increased to 0s. per diem, and in 1SS1 he got it further increased to 7s., per diem, this payment being' madct for seven days a week. The junior letter carrier re- ceives 2s. per diem upon entry, vvith'an in- crease of Od. per diem every year until maximum pay of 7s. per diem is reached. All receive uniform' annually, the .juniors two suits and four pairs.of boots. Extra pay all round at the rate of Is. Gd. per hour is paid for all work performed before 7- a.m., or after 7 p.m., and work on Sundays is paid for extra at above rate, tho.men thus being doubly paid on Sundays when called upon to work. They have also been granted the Saturday afternoon holiday, the4o'clock delivery on that day having been done away with to meet their convenience. On Christmas Day and Good Friday they have, too, been granted full holidays. On those days, formerly, the men have frequently been employed all day delivering letters ; and to show bow consideration is shown to the men, it is only lately, on the occasion of the recent general election, when there was an extra pressure of work, that a fullday'spay in excess of that due to them was' granted nil round. In the face of the foregoing facts it can scarcely be maintained that other than the fullest consideration has been shown the letter carriers of Hobart. / "i ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS.-Mr. T. L. Hood, the local a»ent for this publica- tion, sends us a copy of the current number. It contains, among many other excellent Illustrations, one of the recent railway dis- aster at Bridgewater, taken from a photo- i graph by Messrs. Anson Brothers. RAILWAY DISASTER RELIEF FOND.-The bon. secretary, Mr. W. H. Bayley, writes : -" I luve received through the hon. 'treasurer (the Mayor) aTcheque for £10 18s. Od. from Mr. J. If. Cato, of Launceston, being half of the net proceeds derived from a concert recently given in Launceston by the "Cuckoo ClubJ'-in~aid- of the~recent railway accidents, the other .half having been given to Mr. and Mrs.' McCabe, who wero sufferers by the Fingal railway occi- dent. The Railway Disaster Relief Fund now nearly reaches £700, and the final 'list of donors will appear in the summary edition of to-morrow (Saturday)." \- THE CLERK OP THE HOUSE OK ASSKMBLY. -We regret to learn that Mr. F. A. Packer has been confined to his room for some days with a painful carbuncular swelling on the knee, but is now progressing favourably. This .about completes the Parliamentary chapter of accidents, as it was only a few weeks ago that the clerk-assistant (Mr. Maning) broke his leg ; while the Attorney General (the Hon. J. S. Dodds), the Trea- surer (the Hon. W. H. Burgess),' and the member for South Hobart (Mr. Belbin), all received serious injuries in the late rail- way accident. HOBART EXCHANGE.-The annual general meeting of the Hobart Exchange will be held at Mr. C II. Westwood'« office, Collins s,treett,this afternoon at 3-15. ' . .' "?.'.?'? ' UscLAtMEt> -TELEGRAM.-A j message ad-, dressed.'Mo..; ".'George '' Pie'rcb'.OCfwiipbell strcet," isawaiting an ownoratthcTelegraph Olfice, the messengers being unable to find the person so addressed. ANNUAL COURSE OF MUSKETRY.-The annual course of musketry is now being carried on vigorously under thre immediate supervision of the Staff-Adjutant, Captain Wallack, and the Sergeant-Majors instruc- tors of the different corps. Hythe rules of instruction are strictly observed, and some excellent practice is being obtained. On two evenings in each week men who are so inclined have an opportunity of obtaining a thorough practical knowledge of the theory of mus- ketry and the history of arms, Captain Wallack lecturing on those subjects in an interesting manner. Capital illustrations are given by models and the blackboard, thus enabling the audience to grasp the subject very effectually. Position drill and lessons in aiming, with practical illustration of the errors arising from improper holding of the rifle, are imparted by means of a tripod and traversing rest. A large number of men have already availed themselves of these opportunities, and have manifested a lively interest in the proceedings, and the improvement in the shooting of the men generally has already been noticed. The present state of the ranges presents some- what of an obstacle to the success of the course, the short range at Macquarie Point being particularly unpleasant on account of its contiguity to the slaughter yards, the odours from which are sometimes very offen- sive, and draw forth very strong comments from the "shootists." At Sandy Bay the firing parties have to choose between a muddy roadway and a fresh ploughed field at the 500yds, 600yds., and 700yds. ranges, at which the prone position is used with a result not condusive to clean uniforms. Better things are hoped for when the new range is completed, which, it is trusted, will be in the near future, as it is as well to remove all obstacles from the way of those who are so willingly helping on the volunteer movement. CRIMINAL CALENDAR, LAUNCESTON.-A Criminal Sessions of tho Supremo Court will be opened at Launceston on Thursday, before His Honor Sir Henry Wrenfordsloy, when the following prisoners will bo tried : James Drake, horso-stealing ; Arthur Lowo, horse-stealing ; William jones, forging and uttering ; William Farrar, perjury ; and Liini Dwyer, fçrgery. _,, .. t > ," ; i t . CITV POLICE COURT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. J. H. B. Walch, J.P., oc- cupied the bench'of. the .City, Police Couit yesterday. James Boyton pleaded guilty to | being drunk and disorderly. Ho was fined 5s., or seven days in, gaol; Henry,'¡Walch, for being drunk and incapable, was fined in a similar amount. Margaret Campbell was charged v, ith ¡haring , absconded from the New Town Chàritablo Institution. She pleaded not guilty. Mr. J. Withringtou deposed that defendant had been detained iu the institution'after her term had expired, as she was not in a fit state to leave. She asked for her discharge, .but witness bad' told her that she must first obtain a certifi- cate from a medical man. Defendant shortly afterwards absconded. " The Police Magis- trate,1 whilo admitting" that the motives which led to the woman's detention were correct, pointed out that tho inmates oould not be detained after their temi bud expired, ualess under an order from the Adminis- trator of Charitable 'Grants, specifying the {leriod for which tho person would havo to >e detained. He would therefore order the defendant to be discharged. Michael Harrigan was charged with having stowed away on board the s s. Wairarapa, ' during her passage from Melbourne, lie pleaded guilty. The chief officer of the steamer stated that defendant had got on board at Melbourne, and had mixed up with the other passengers. When tho vessol was at sea, defendant was asked for his ticket, and ho said ho had neither ticket nor money, but promised to pay when ho got to Hobart. When Hobart was reached defendant tried to run away. The Bench inflicted a fine of 42s. or two months' imprisonment. Geo. King was charged with having disturbed the peace. He did not, put in ai< appearance. Constable McMcssage proved the service of the summons, and. a warrant was ordered to issue for King's arrest. John Jeffrey was charged with having committed a breach of tho Defence Act, in neglecting to return certain arms and accoutrements in his possession when required to do so. Mr. J. A Jackson, Acting Solicitor- General, appeared for the prosecution, and stated that in consequence of some of these offen- ders being leniently dealt with some time ago, others had seemed determined to hold back the property of the Government. The property was vested in Major O'Boyle, who was personally responsible for it to the Government,and therefore he was compelled to come and ask the assistance of the court in recovering the articles. In the present case, the defendant had been in the Rifle Regiment, and in 1883 he left it, neglecting to return a greatcoat and leggings which had been in his possession. One of the officers had asked defendant to return the articles, but he had practicully refused to do so. Major O'Boyle deposed that under the Defence Act, 1882, the arms, accoutre- ments, etc., of the volunteers had been vested in him, as commanding officer of the Rifle Regiment. By defendant : He did not know that the leggings had been lost at a parade. John Tinker, quartermaster sergeant, produced the official issue book, which showed that certain articles had been issued to defendant which had not been returned. He produced the copy of the order which had been issued in respect to accoutrements being returned. Corporal Tubberty deposed to having made a personal demand for the articles. The defendant con- tended that he had lost his leggings, and called as a witness one Thomas Ashe, who had been colour- sergeant, who stated that defen- dant had reported the matter to him in his official capacity. The Bench inflicted a fine of 20s and costs. Thomas Ashe was charged with a similar offence. He stated that he had left his accoutrements at the house of his sister in-law on the Huon-road, which had been burned down and the articles destroyed. A witness named R. W. Doram deposed to the house having been burned down. The case was adjourned for a week in order to allow defendant to produce evidence to the goods having actually been destroyed. James Bryant pleaded not guilty to having em- bezzled the sum of 20s. Gd., the property of his employer, R. H. McLean, cordial manufacturer. Robert H. McLean deposed that defendant had been employed by him to serve customers, with a cart, and was authorised to receive money on witness' ac- count. In July last defendant gave in certain goods to be booked to Mr. Knowles, of the George and Dragon Hotel. Some time after he asked Mr. Knowles for the money, and was shown a receipt in prisoner's handwriting. He had never received the money from defendant. Alfred Slingsby, barman at Knowles' public-houso, deposed to having paid the money to prisoner and Iliad received a receipt for it. Prisoner, who made no defence, was sent to gaol for six I months. MAYOR'S COURT.-At this Court ycstcr "day the Mayor aud Alderman Arnott occu- pied the Bench. Robert Woods, of Liver- pool-street, and Frederick Clark, of Burnett street, were each fined 2s. Gd., costs remitted, for allowing their chimneys to catch fire. Tilomas Palmer, for driving a horse and cart on a footw ay in Barrack street, was mulcted in the penalty of 2s. (k1., costs remitted. Alfred Dorman pleaded guilty to allowing building material to be placed on a footway .in Goulbura-stryet, and was fined - 2s. 6d.', 'costs remitted: x SuBan Pemberton, of Jfacquarie-street, was ad- judged to pay a like penalty for suffering a goat to stray in the public thoroughfare. CLARENCE.-There was a clean sheet at Clarence Police Court yesterday. ., A GLENORCHY NUISANCE.-Messrs. R. Shoobridge and W. F. Brownell, J's.l\, gave their decision yesterday morning at the Glenorchy Police Court in the case of Belittle v. Alfred Wrujhl. The defendant was charged by W. J^ Bellctte, secretary to the local Board of Health, with permitting a nuisance to exist at his chemical manure works, contrary to the provisions of the Public Health Act of 1885. The evidence was heard by the justices on the previous week, and they had reserved their decision so that the Attorney-General could be con- sulted. Mr. Brownell read tho decision, as fellows :-The Bench has fully considered this case, and have come to the conclusion, from the evidence given, that the charge has been fully sustained. The only witness for the defence, Dr. Crowther, admits inferenti ally that a nuisance exists, which might be remedied, thus to some extent supporting the prosecution. This being the first case under the new Act, 40 Victoria, No. l8, the Bench were an.\ious_ku>ct with great care, especially as the concluding paragraph in clause 98 appeared somewhat ambiguous, and a doubt having arisen in reference to it, the Solicitor-General was consulted. Fortified by the advice he has given, and the Bench believing the charge has been fully proved, have dacided to inflict a fine of 40s. and costs. The costa will be 7s. Gd., Is. each witness on oath, with professional costs 21 s. This is "the" lowest penalty that can be given, and should there be .subsequent convictions «ich time the amount is doubled until it reaches £200. Defendant gave notice of his intention to appeal. ? ' - ' EXCURSION.-In connection with the visit of the Railway team of footballcu to'L-ann cestón on Saturday excursion fares w ill be charged by to-day's mail train aud Satur- day morning's express. IJ.QUEKT.~-Am inquest was held in tlM> Carlton Clift' Hotol yesterday, to enquire; into the cirexmstances attending tho death of James Sinhlli whose, body, was found lu tho river on Wodnêsday. Dr. E. L. Crowther acted a« the coroner, and tho fol- lowing was the- jury :-Messrs.- «Olinda Al ay cook, James W lilian», D. R, Dossotor, Win. Leitch, Edward Hawson, Alexander Sanders, and George- F.' Huston (foreman). Tho-piry,having viewed the, body, the foi lowing 'evidence , was- taken :-MfaliBjol Donnolly, residing in Cross- street, saul that ho knew the deceased James Smith, nnd last saw ', him, alive- about the 28th July Ho| lodged with witness, and was in his employment WitncsB gave! deceased his instructions that morning, and then went away to his w'oik, and lie did not again sec deceased untili he was called «poní to' view his body._ Deceased was- perfectly sober that morning when w itness las^saw 'lum. He was addicted'to drink, btrk'wasa ?uict man, and had no quarrel with anyone.1 le never threatened to do away with hiin-l self. By the Foreman : Ho recognised tho body'as that of James Smith. Dr. Lever' said that the body 'was much decomposed, but there were no marks of violence, and nothing to indicate otherwise than that' death was caused by drowning. Hie ap- pearances indicated death by drowning. Tho body must have been, in the wator two or threo weeks. Robert Hurst, residing] 'in' Murray-street,' said that he knew' the deceased, and last saw hinv, alive] in tho Telegraph Hotel about three weeks! ago. Witness was in the house), but i was not in deceased's oompany.' |Hol was very drunk,' and asked witness and some others if they would take bim, homo? ' Witness' replied that he had not] timo to take bim home, as ho had a message to gb, and went on his way leaving deeeased at the hotel. Witness never saw doceased ' afterwards, although he made enquiries after him. He supposed he was in the " taman." (Laughter.) Deceased was very drunk^ It was gettinb towards dusk when witness'left tho hotel. Deceased had been Jire vtously a month! nilethe " tainsli," and it wasj then i reported that he had been drowned. P.C. Filby said that ho had known deceased by sight, and recognised the body. He had seen deceased about the wharves, but not lately. ¡Between S and 0 o'clock on , Wednesday morning .he u as told that there was a body floating in tho river at Franklin t Wharf,'betw een the crane and the steamer Flora. Witness got a boat, and with assistance brought the body ashore and ¡ had it convoyed to the hospital. The reason why i the .body' waa left so long lying on tho wharf was because the ambulance had to be sent for to the police station in Campbell-'strcet. The ambulance that i.-fts formcily at the wharf had been're movedwhon the Territorial Police gave up the ohargo of tho wharves. Tho delay would have been avoided if there was an ambulance at the wharf. A juryman said that ho believed the ambulance formerly at the wharf was now,lyuig in the lumberyard at the inspector's office.' He did, not4seo why it should not be ntilisod. The Coroner thought that observation a good one, and said that hu would pass it on to the proper quarter. This was all the evidence., The Coroner said that the only question was whethertheyshould adjourn thoinquesttoget Mr. (ie/ett's evidence. It seemed a sad thing to have an old man in an intoxicated state asking, " Will anyone take mo homo?" and to hear nothing more of him. He admitted that there was a great gap in the evidence, but it was evident that tho deceased w as a sot, and that it was nothing unusual for him to be drunk. The jury ugreed to take the evidence ns it stood, and gave it as their verdict, that the deceased was found drowned, but thero was no evidence to show how deceased got into the water. The Coroner said that he would communicate with Mr. Bernard Shaw, Inspector of Police, as to the removal of the ambulance from the wharves. ALLECED III TREATMENT OP A YOUNO FAMILY.-Two women residing in Little Melbourne-street, weut to the police station yesterday, and complained that a neighbour named Mrs. Brooks was starving her child- ren, and allowing them to exist in avery filthy condition. Mr. Kemp, clerk to the Superintendent, with whom the information was lodged, despatched Dctective Delaney to enquire into the matter. It seems that there are five children, tho eldest of whom is said to bo 13 years, and they are repre- sented as liav ing been half starv ed, and to he in a disgracefulstatc of uncleauness. It is said that the mother is addicted to drinking habits, and there is a bad record against the husband at the.police station, ho having been before the police court three times for neglecting to maintain his w ¡fe and family. No official statement has, however, been lodged in the police books, and it seems strange if tho family are so badly off as represented that the case WDS not submitted to the Benevolent Society, particularly as yesterday afternoon the Executive Com- mittee held their usual meeting for tho very purpose of relieving the distressed. Such a case, if brought before the committeo would probably have been relieved by an allow ance of food for the hungry children. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The weekly meet- ing of the committee of the Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon. There wero present: The Rev. J. W. Simmons (chairman), and Messrs. J. Mitchell, T. B. Mather, and J. Baily. The registrar re- ported 44 cases, 81 individuals, relieved, 24 with full and 24 half-rations. Fourteen men employed in the woodyard ; one female had been discharged from asylum ; Government cases, two cancelled ; one new. A letter was read fiom Mr. J. B. Montgomery, of tho Stato school, Beaconsfield, enclosing £1 to assist in the relief of a poor old woman who was suffering from paralysis in the side, and whose coso was reported on lost week. The writer said he had noticed the rcpoit in The Mercury. His own mother had similarly suffered, and ha would Uko to have been in a position to have sent a more liberal dona- tion, but frequent calls of a charitablo nature prevented him. The committee thanked Mr. Montgomery for his kindness, aud the chairman expressed a hope that others of a benevolent nature would follow the good example. The registrar reported on the case of the children of a man named Sullivan, who wus at present undergoing a sentence for perjury, The children were now pro- perly eared for. It was decided that the society's rooms be connected with the tele- phone exchange, and tho chairman communi- cated with the Chief Secretary to get the work doue. A few other minor matters were disposed of, and the meeting adjourned. ST. Joil.v BAPTIST'S CLUB!-This literary and social association has, amongst other good work, tending to the intellectual ad- vancement of, its members, produced . a manuscript magazine, which has extended already to three volumes, and bids fair to further expand into a'moat interesting und valuable record of proceedings. Fiom edi- torial notes we find in vol. I, there were 30 contributions by l8 contributors, and out of 15 papers 0 were devoted to Tasmanian sub- jects. In vol. II. 12 contributors sent in 20 contributions, and 5 out of 10 papers were local. In vol. III. there were 31 contributions from 17 contributors, and 7 out of 12 relate to Tasmania. The subjects written on are of courso diversified, and, coming from many pens, vary a good deal in style and degreo of excellence, but, adopt- ing, with the - club, ' the axiom that "writing makes an exact man," there seems, from a somewhat oursory glance through the pages to be convincing evidence of careful thought in tho articles supplied, allied with a good deal of useful talent. Though in manuscript form legibility has been well maintained, and here and there aro some good pen and pencil illustrations. The production of the magazine is evidently a labour of love on tho part of the members, and the editors, Messrs. A. North and E. Wilson Dobbs, may be congratulated on having so many willing and competent aides. In vol. III., is an article on Tas- manian mosses, by Richard A. Bastow, illustrated by actual specimens. CHALMERS LITERARY ASSOCIATION.-Tho usual weekly meeting of this society was held lost evening, and there was a Urse attendance of numbers and visitors. Mr. Jas. Longmore occupied the chair, and after the usual preliminaries the evening was taken up with rcadingB and recitations by the following gentlemen :-Mr. L. Neal, " Mary, Queeu of Scots ;" Mr. Coukhead, " Our Debating Society ;" Mr. Carmichael, " The Norman Baron ;" and Mr. Longmore, "Retort and Repartee." AU the items were capitally rendered, leaving little room for criticism, in which the following took partj-The Rev. R. M. Webster, F. Shaun, L. Neal, J. Longmore. The meeting was closed at 9'45 by the Rov. F. Shaun pro- nouncing the benediction. Next week the i second number of " Quiz," the magazine of this association will be read, and should prove a treat to all who are interested in this energetic socioty. DAVLV-STRKKT LITERARY ASSOCIATION. A meeting of this society will be held iu the new schoolroom, Harrington street, this o\ ening at 7 "30, when the Rev., Geo. Clai kc « ill delivery lecture ou " A ramble through Palestine.' ' ' ' ' LECTURE Posrroxnni-The lecture to be delivered in ^t. Petei's Hall last night in aid of tho Hibernian Society's Banner Fund, by the Rev. Thoura &*lsh. was postponed until Uli» evening on acunint of tho incle- ment weather. Should tcwilglit provo un» I fhvourabl*, tim lecturo will Uo furthor post- poned. _ ,_,_. _ .. ,,.... , Tim TinMTRK.-rjVcHie»;* or -tcwr Forgotten wa«i{rcpeated._atttho^ Theatre IRoyal last evening. Til o audience, thougfcnot so largo ns tho merits' of tho piece *" |n.m?rá'íiJli,AR3,> tho company., deserved.- .' vWtljjiïol aï) appreciative one,,,and I- . .\%^vwi»-i/*» called Ilefore tbo curtofô ^ '''x .{¿'?o' JJ Y ' occasion! Mu »fclcn^¿J faewtolB¿A teacher, and afterward. jootoWo çilJ?of Adriou KvLiton, was most ¿T ¿ n^c!3lly in the omotioiinrpassages willoi« * llSÜ?. con her, when sho como« in coiiCi-rJJ,'* ¿g'1 her husband's brother, and her Bister's", ^iroycr. Miss Di Lyle deserves especial notice for tho1 piquant and «any porsoiuitioii of tho heiress, . ida,Glenning. « AH tho bombastio and inter- fering Tipplotom Fluke, M.P., Mr. Ogden. -was most amusing, and ho mistaincd tho charactor with auch n degree of humour that; hu carried tho audience with him through- out tho ovanlhg. Mr. Boothman was very natural as Adrien) Everton, the deceived brother. Tho other chai actors wero nil well sustained, tho play being one of tho best piodnccd and performed since tho com- pany have held tim ' boards. During the evening the orchestra, under Mr. J. lîrown, played sovoral selections from tho popular operas in a . most spirited manner. To night Fortune's Fool, or The ¿Esthetic Family, will bo producod. This play is by Gilbert, and from it the lines of Patience were taken. The piece nbounds in some most amusing situations. Tho whole of the plot hinges on tho adventures of - a Colonel Phipps, who obtains the ready money of a medical student (Tom Cobb) by false promises and worthless bills, on .tho colonel promising to betroth liis daughter to the innocent medico., ,1110 whole strength of the company will bo intro- duced, ano: from tho success which has attended tho company in tho production of Fortune's Fool< elsewhere, thero should be a good house. j < no FRKIOIIT FROM ENGLAND.-A meeting of merchants and others interested in bringing about a reduction in the freight from Eng- land to' tho colony, was convened to be held at the Chamber of Commerce lost night. As only somo half- dozen responded,' it was agreed, to adjourn the consideration of the question,' and in the .meantime to get tho Chamber of Commerce to bring it forward at the next quarterly meeting. TASSÍAMAN HACINO CLUB.-A meeting of tim committee of theTaamanian Racing Club was held yesterday afternoon, when tho following'officers 'were appointed, 'viz.: Stewards : The Horf. John Lord, M.LC, the Hon. Dr.. Agnew, M.L.C., Dr. Butler, mid Messrs. J". W. Abbott, C. Davies, C. Featherstone, 0. Flexmore, R. Harrisson, J. Haylc, F. W. Mitchell, Alf. Pago, and E. 1'. Wilson. Starter: Mr. R. Harrisson. Judge : Mr) Albert Flexmore. . I Hnndi capper : Mr. P. Monaghan. Mr. Alfred Pago was unanimously elected a life mem- ber on account of past services rendered to the club. It was decided, subject to tho dates not clashing with the Tasmanian Turf Club ' proposed . arrangements, ' to hold a spring meetine on the 24th November, and the summer meeting 11th, 12th, and 13th February. It is proposed to havo a Sires' Produce Stake, mid with this in view, the secretary was instructed to placo himself in communication with tho owners of sire horses. A considerable amount of other routine business was also gone through. Tue POULTRY Snow.-A meeting of the committee of the Tasmanian Poultry Society took place yesterday evoniug, at the society s roooins, Mechanics' Institute, nt which all the members wero present, Mr. Win. Aldred occupying the chair. The judges were ap- pointed, and all necessary détails were arranged in connection with tho forthcoming BIIOW, which takes placo next Wednesday and Thursday, at the Exhibition-building. HOBART KKNNEL CLUB.-A meeting of this club for the election of oliicc-bcarers was held on Wednesday evening. Mr. E. Gifford presided, and there were 50 members present. His Excellency the Governor was re elected patron, and the vice-patrous and president were re-elected. The Hon. N. J. Brown was elected one of tho vice-presidents of the club, and Messrs. J. Ainsley and J. T. Wise members of the Committee of Man- agement. Special prizes were announced of ¿'1 Is., presented by Mr. J. Ainsley, and 10s. Od., by Mr. C. White, for the best dog or slut competing at the Agricultural Society's trial of sheep dogs. Entries for this competition closo on August 10. Tho annual show takes place on the 20th Oc- tober. HOSPITAL FOR INSANE, NEW NORFOLK.— Four tenders have been received by the Government for the erection of the Idiot Asylum in connection with the Hospital for Insane, New Notfolk, and that of Mr. James Dunn for £4,677, being the lowest, has been accepted. A BOLT.-About a quarter to 0 o'clock last evening a horse, attached to a spring dray, was Been caieering down Elizabeth street, with a loose liorso running behind tho vehicle. Fortunately the street was tolerably clear of traffic at the time, and the runaway was brought up about the bottom of the street without doing any d image. THE MARYVALE MYSTERIES. It will (says the Age) doubtless be remembered that a great sensation was created five weeks ago by the discovery of human remains, sup- posed to be the skeleton of a murdered man, in the fork of a fallen tree on the Maryvale run, 10 miles from Edenhope. The dis- covery was made on the 8th ult., and a searching investigation was at once insti- tuted, with a view to ascertiaining the iden- tity of the person who had possibly been murdered in this unfrequented spot, During the past fortnight Sergeant-dectective Nixon of this city, aided by the Horsham police, has been actively engaged in endeavouring to unravel the mystery surrounding this matter. The exact spot where the bones were found is a place known as the Sheepwash Reserve, about 300yds. from the sheepwash, and 100yds. to the left of the old road leading from Edenhope to Horsham. It is within three quarters of a mile from the spot where the equally myste- rious discovery was made two years ago of the remains of Maria Cook and her child. The human remains discovered on the 8th July were carefully examined by a skilful surgeon of some experience. As far as can be judged from the medical testimony of this gentleman, it would seem that the deceased at the time ho met with hise mysterious death was between 30 and 40 years of age. He was 5ft. 8in. in height. He had fair hair. One remarkable fact was a peculiar curve in the right thigh bone that may pos- sibly have caused a slight lameness. The articles found near the skeleton were de- cayed pieces of moleskin trousers, a dark cloth jacket, a clay pipe, a knife, some shot and a box of gun caps. There was no trace of any hat, braces, or waist belt. The bones of the dog were found a short distance away, covered up, and probably this animal, which belonged to the murdered man, was killed to prevent it disclosing the dark deed, by remaining about the place and attracting attention. It is said to be impossible to form a correct idea of the length of time that may have elapsed since the body was placed where the bones were found ; but it is judged that it was many years ago. But about 12 years ago when the land in the Wimmera was thrown open for selection, there was a constant stream of persons passing between the South Australian border and Horsham. As there is a large water hole close to the Horsham road, near the place de- scribed, it was found a convenient camping place for teamsters on there way to or from the border. The Maryvale station has changed its proprietor, as well --- mana- gers and boundary riders so often .-- the last 15 years, that it is now found very diffi- cult to obtain information there as whether any particular person, an employee on the run or otherwise, was reported as missing. It is thought by those who have had the investigation of this mystery, that the victim of this supposed murder may have been on his way from South Australia to the Wimmera, or from the latter place to the neighboring colony during 1874, that being the time that the land was being selected. The most remarkable of the articles found with the skeleton were a pair of square toed lace up boots. They appear to have been size No. 7. but the leather has evidently shrunk from long exposure to the weather. The heel of the left boot is considerably higher than its fellow, and it bears evidence that two addi- tional plies of leather were at one time neatly put on by a tradesman after the boot came into the owner's possession. Sergeant Nixon having made a thorough investigation into all the surrounding circumstances, with- out finding any direct evidence leading to the identity of the murdered man, returned to Melbourne last week. The peculiarity in shape of the boot may possibly be a clue leading to the discovery of the bootmaker who made the alteration at the probable re- quest of the owner. The discovery of the skeleton and the relicain the manner described has caused much excitment in and around Horsham, but up to the present no light has been thrown on this second Maryvale mystery, which still remains a dark secret of hidden crime. LhOAI..-Tho following Atistiallan goiitlo mon (says tho Em opean Matt) woi e called to the degieo of Bairlstoi.at-Lnwj./ou Wednes-i Jay, Jnly 7 !-By tho ilonoiuabloSociety of tho Muidlo Tomplo-Mr Haiold Edmond Petherick, of Melbourne Uimuisily, snrunth , son1 pf< the late Peter i John i.'otlioiiclc, of Melbourne; and Mr. Flank Lambert Dobson, son of Sn -William Lambeit ..Do'"»" ' ' iticu of Tusiimiiiii. By tho -«,y of Iiuier'Toiiipw-Mr. . . , ...in.t i"b, Tiinlty Hall,'i Cam-; ord« to p..rd»s»lnt \ s011 o£Vo|m D^illici., .Iii, M.rriaRe., and Uea;. M ¿^^ ftñW Jljbr «omo rollshlfl,;,! College, Oxfoul,. B.A., -tfclilt . ,1 JiuncH Reading Fail fax," of SydiJ . .1 r. Benjamin Atkinton Ross, of BallRii* Collei», Oxfoid, BO.L, 11. A. J sixth f*,\ of Ihomas AndrewiRoss, Of Bris- bane.' *Y . i m i ? o . i i Q'IJW'SKÂIICII OF A BISHOP.-HIB Cibcotha < "Archbishop of Canteibuty and the Beleeli 'nmnbei of ecclesiastics associated with htm I ljttV0,*sliy8 the Home > Nam, a most difficult | task in obtaining foi-, Melbourne a Bishop.! They, lmvu had tluoo rofusalsi already7>al-) though in theil- collection 'Ithey/ havo the advantage of the udyioe jamL ossist-i ance, of Dr.' Mooihouso, thu, lato Bishop,1 who I is now installed lit Manchester.' ' The1 Aichbishop 'of, Cinitoibury is! quito "aware, mid has determined,, that only a mst-j 'class man nill be acceptable.) Iftutlicr, it is ' admitted that Dr. Moot lionne is a,difficult) ! administrator to follow-in ; other i words,' \- thoy cannot sond a man of less ability.' I .In ( a convoi satiou ovorthc dinncr.tablolatCànJ Otorbury last week, between the J Archbishop) c.and tho houourablo member for'Gantcrbury ÜlMrHIcnnikor Heaton), tho latter,suggested, Oihat it would bo an appiopiiato^hiid proper! Jthin'g.to make Dr. Batty tho fiist Episcopa- lian Aichbishop of Austialia. Tho question interested His Giaco veiy muuh, and we have no doubt that this couhUjo carrjedj ' out should the Austtaliuns tube up the sub- ject. _ _~Z.\ ~ "AYDounrr-jr. COMPLIMENT.-Sir Samuel ¡..Wilson, tho defeated off Blicltsj 'lids found a (i«eat at Pottsiuouth, displacing Mr. Van-! i derbyl. i Among tho bi icf ' ' biogrn'phlcul' "skctclidH i of siiccessfuli candidates ' in 'the! {'.Full'Mall Ctitzeitcvto find the'following: "Hhghonden has bi ought good 'fortltllo'to its ! now owner. ' Sir Samuel Wilson has' at ¿ust attained the, object of his uinbittqn, ahd| ',writes, M, I'.,_ uftei his, namo. , A, colonial , I').{'«> '"'8 V '"'"self, ho has ousted another ;! , for] ¡Mr. Validol by), tho Ministerialist' i candidato, is uu Australian Vuiiflorbilt,' .though less fuinotis than Sit Samuel.1 '/Born in 1832, at BaUyolongWn,'"county Antrim, nno of tho six , sons i of his father, Sir Samuel (ho was plain Samuel, ai)d poor Samuel in those days^cjiiigratod, 1 likuqtlicr Irishmen huvo dono, from Klin's Isle. ] His Celtic, uciiteneun enabled him'in timo to become u Unding member-, of ¡tho -great Australian squatoenvey- gentlemen to' whomnfowhundrod thousand aarus ni cncltHar! , here noi tlieie. They bought when larid was worth a song or a stick of tobacco." 'To' day i they reap tho fruits of their sagacity! ,"So t'Mr. Wilson prosporcd, and two ^Victorious 1 were kind lo bim. Olio helped/him onto ',wealth, thp other knighted him, ,nud, ho| arose Sir Samuel, much,to his delight.) Some, day his wealth may float/ bimi into a happy land whore tioublcs COIIBO and oloctioiiH ate no moro Well-known in Australia, ho' found,himself au,obscurity in London ' mid,' 'after casting about for a timo, procured a gi eat pcisonal advertisement by buying / tho Retreat of Burke "lind Beaconsfield, which resulted lu " pars " of which iJarnmn might have been proud. By this means ho hoisted himsolf above the public,. but ho is still'dangling. Portsmouth has now given him what ho' would call, in hid happy colonial phraso ology,cn " log up." He plays the host on an j extoiiBivo scolo, and endeavours to feed him- self into vogue. , But if Db/.y's ghost over walks tim long non idors of thu Hughendon ,'ManOr House, ho might whisper tp Sir! (Samücl that, " manneiB makytli man " as well'as gold. In time, Sir Samuel will | ?develop into a tolerable party haok. Ho is gregarious as his own sheep. . ' Ji THE ? SCULWNO CIIAMPIONRIIIV OK THE WOULD,-Fiuther naiticulnis aie given by "?Pegasus "in tho Mewn of Ihr Woila lugard Ing the Bciilliug i aces which he has ui ranged to take place in August. 1'ho BW eepstakes will be £200 each, with a Bum of £500added by a fow aquatic pattons. Tho entrants aro William Beach, John Teenier, Wallace ROBB, George Perkins, Neil Maltcrson, Peter Kemp, and Geoigo Bubear. A deposit of £25 each 'was paid with, ¿ho entry,' to form part of tho stake money, and " Pegasus " guarantees thu 1500, notwith- standing that neither llanlun nor Gaudaur have ontercd, mid that Beach objects to the title of Champion of the Woild (mid tho empty honours attached thereto) being included in the conditions. 'Iho firBt prize (or less in piopoition) will be £1,200, the second £400, tim ii and fourth JL'100 euch, if the seven who huvu entered pay up thu icmaiiidcr of their deposits as lollows :-¿50 ouch at tho White Hart, Barnes, at auy time bcfoie 8 p.m. on Satin . day, July 17 ; £50 each at the Star und Garter, Putney, at any tiino bcfoio 8 p.m. on Monday, August 0 ; und the (¡nul deposit of £75 each is to be made good in the hiuuls of Mr. W. J. Junen (who is appointed filial stakeholder), at tho Star und Gaiter, Putney, between the hours of 7 and 8 p.m. on Friday, August 27, when tho names'of tho competitors will bo di awn in pair«, and in the fii-st or any succeeding diaw, tho first namo taken from the hat will be entitled to " a row- over," if the competitors represent an odd number, but only oil« " bye " will bo allowed in drawing. The racing will he rowed on Monday, AugiiBt.lO ; Tuesday, August 31 ; and (if necossuiy) on Wednesday, Septem- ber 1, as in accoidaiico with tho original conditions tho men will not be called upon to row twico in one day. Thu first heat will be rowed from two skiffs moored 20yds. upait, just below tho West London Railway Bridge at Wandsworth, finishing at a flag boat opposite Gwynne'« at 1 lammorsmitli. The Bccond halt will be rowed from two Bluffs moored 20yds, apart opposite Biffen's at UammeiBinith, finishing at a flag boat just below the Sliimd on the Giecn Railway Bridge, near Kew. After high water on Monday, August 30, tho third lient will bo i rowed down from tho Strand on the' Green Bridge to" Biffun's. On the second day i the Wamlswoi th to Hammersmith, and Ifiiinincisniith to Kowcourses vvillagain bo rowed over'in ' tho second round, but the final heat will bo rovyed on the champion-| ship course, stnrtfn« from Putney Bridgo at one hour bcf< re .h'gll water, and finish-) ing ,'opposito tho "Ship'at'| Mortlake. Tho umpiio is to bo nominated at the,final; deposit, but if tho'coinpetitors do notugrco,i Mr.ilnnes will appoint one,,also a (Jistancc jndge. All the minor lu-iiuigeinciitB, steam- boat chartering, otc, to bo settled by ^ho coinpotitors. Jn thooventof cithcrofthesovon entrants failing to comply w ¡th these ,con ditionsiho will foi fuit thu ^mount ho has dopositcd. i ," , ' ' n .'> nn>.-. ' ' A LEOIO.V OFSTOWAVV-AYS,-The steamship Arawa'appeal B' to bo in singular i favour ( with young mon anxious to push thoir fortunes at tho antipodes (says a Home papor).i -Tho solitary stowaway isa familiar figuro to all soilors who havo been many years at sen, and even the itppoaranco of a couple of stich advcntuicis on deck when a vessel Ima got a certain distance from tho coast,,|iS(,haidly u < novelty ; but that! 30 of them should, havo been able to conceal themselves ^cven for au hour on boaid a steamer bound for New Zealand is surpris- ing..' When tho Arawa, which left Victoria' Docks about a month ago, 'i cached Graves- end,'ithe ' usual search fors stowaways ro;_ 8olted"in~no less'than eight young men" having to leave their hiding places. But at Plymouth 14 molo wore discovered and sent ashore under the impiessiou that tho ship had been cleared of uuch objcctionablo per- sona.',!,, Subsequently, however, when the steamer had left tho laud far behind her, 14 strange mewir otc observed on deck, and it I wail ">"u found that a party of enterprising c'rnOJhtB lind been living among the coals foriTome time. I TB« TIDY Housnwirr.-Tho careful, tidy hstiM- I wife, when giving her hniihu Its spring cleaning, should bear in mind Hut Ilia dear inmates are more (jreetaa* I tuon hourn, their ijstoins need uluiiuilng, hy parity- i Ing th* blood rrgulatliiü llio »I omach and Wowel», ' and abo ahould know (hut tho» Is liethlng that «rill do It.an aurely as American Co.'» Hup nilton, th« pan» ' tod b«»t of all medicine». ToWUfs i'KNKYKOYAI. AKD HTUEL I'lLLS »OB FauAi.aa .tralcklr cornet all lnegularUta, sod t*> Uevo tho dlstrouliiK nj-niptoim to preraloiit with tba MI. Boxi». Ja. lid and '¿a. 0(1., of all UbemlaU, kal Patent Meilloino Vendora. I'mnrcd oply by Tha Llrfoöla and Midland Uouutloa nmg Co., Llncol«', Kagland. Whokaale of all tho Wholoaatr Bouts bewaro qfJniHntlons .. " ... .........._-'---, ScXviho's Coron l.i7:rNciEii- cures T Couillir' Aithma, lironchitia. Medical testimony atatea that, noctbtfrtuwOlrlnuirfao (i'Jiituiil In Um dura of'thaw tala na oiilum nor any violent iliug. Sold tv all ChajalaU, lu Tina, la. ltd. and 2s. (id 