Woes of a Fat Man: I am a fat man-abnormally fat. My weight is 21 stone 6 pounds avoirdupois. Any one who has ever been in the fat man business can appreciate my woes and trod bles, for they are as many as the hairs on ai cow's tail. Trouble seems to have been born the day 1 was, and to have selected me for its one victim. All through my life I have been beset with care and worry, from the time I was a small boy until now. Thank God, I am getting old, and, though I grow fatter each year that I advance to the jumi ing-off place, I am slowly and surely coming to the time when people will ask, " What has become of old lard bucket?" As early as I can remember I was fat. When I was a school boy my companios used to call me " Fatty," and wonder that my flesh did not burst my clothes. Now that I am older it is just the same. People wonder what I eat. Tile fact is my appetite is very poor; but the less I eat tihe more I grow. I am a living paradox. Once I tried "anti-fat." but it only made me sweat harder, and my ribs grow more and more indistinct. My trouble commences the mo ment I awake in the morning. I usually find myself on my back, so all I do is to just start myself rolling and roll out of the bed. I have an inclined plane set up in front of the bed, so that I do not land on the floor abruptly, but roll down sloirly and easily. liut the great st difliculty is in getting to my feet. S -metimes this little feat occu pies several minutes. Now my troubles commence in earnest. I have to dress my self, and anyone who could stand by and see the operation would be immensely amusesd. I don't muse much though; it's all labor for me. I get my clothes on with fair success and a great consumption of time, up to the point of putting on muy "shoes. Then the fun commences. I haven't seen my feet, face to face, in twenty years; I don't have any idea how they look. But putting on those shoes is the curse of my existence. Sometimes I wear button shoes, and the expedients I adopt to get those in fernal buttons into their holes are wonder fuill. I fasten a button-hook to the end of a cane sometimes, but that don't result as well as a work of art. I tumble and flounce about the floor and be i, g, ttiug the upler hand of my shoes in a manner that resem bles the struggles of a fish out of wat sr. At last I get them on and the prayer of thanks. giving that goes up to heaven is recorded among the sscred documents. When I to down stairs my wife usually asks me if 1 have been having a wrestle with a ghost. She says I hove jarred the plaster down, have frightened the neighbors, made the milkman inquire if her husband had started a carpet- beating establishment on the second floor and raised Uain generally. "Well, nly dear, hor is your appetite this morning?" asks the wife of my bosom as I sit down to the table. This is exas perating when she knows that all ..will eat is a piece of fish with an air accompani ment, a small cup of coffee with wind sauce. "My dear, my appetite is good," I reply; "so good that 1 think I can eat a whole bean." " IBar drinkiug before breakfast again: I see," says she. Then I coll:apse. I cant't stand puns. -1 s'art down town to my business. Hailing a tram-car, I no!ic- it doesn't stopl. The next one I catch, attd am informed, when I at-, tempt to go through the door and git stues, that that is not the fa maoa's line. This makes me mad, and with a rush and a push from the conductor, I am crowded. through, but usually the door-posts give about six inches in the operation. Pdlling,, and pulling my torn- clothes together, I sit down. "Say, can't you be satisfied with. four whole seats ?" some one growls, I look around, and sure enough I am crowd ing the only four passengers in the car. I hear a young lady giggle to her com panion: "Guess the circu is coming, tise side show has got here." The sailor sitting next her mumbles to his neighbor : "iWhat; flue ballast such bags of fat would make for: a sailing vessel." By this time the car hhis retiched my corner, anld I yell to the con ductor., lie sees me, but only grins. Again I ye.l that I want to get off, and he sticks in his head and says;.." We're going right around to the shops, and teen I'll have one side of the car taken off so you can get out."' I looked at myself, and, sure enough, I had begun to swell. Then, when I start to walk over to my office, my friends accost me with the salutae. lion, " Well, how are you to-day Seems to me you are looking thinner than usual." If I ever want to conmmit murder it is then. \Why will ootn tell me such an infernal lie as that? How can I be growing thinner when my weight is fast increasing ' Pretty soon a man will come around and inquire for me, and, after talking over the weather aud fe ling around and finding out what humor I am in, broaches his errand. He is a dealer in cigars, and wants ome to pose be fore a wood carver while an image is made of me for a sign. tIe is very much in want of that kind of a sign, and I am just the man to hbe tile model. In less time than I take to tell it, that man's family is father less. By and bye another matt calls and he is in the toy trade. IHe thinks a toy in re presentation of me would take well. , I toy a few minutes with him and Ihe never calls again. So they continue to come. Some are advance agents for circuses and wantto hire me to stand at the front door and take tickets. They think I will draw so well. They get drawn oirecetly. My pity for such men is small. One day not long ago I was walking along the street, in front of an eating-hourre, the cook.room of which was under the pave ment. Just at that point I stepped on a banana skin and came down. Tree concus sion was great. The cook and the assistants rarl all the customers in the place at the time rushed out to the street. Said they thought the building uias going to fall. A policlleman warnted to arrestr me, Ibut I only :tkedl for a rest. The crowd saw something fruny :.lsout this anl hissert lhm off. T?to tr three then helped mor: to my feet andl I rwent my way so0ou ins. At all the hotels I ever stopped at they charged me double rate. They say it is necessary on account of thie room and board I take. It is a bse sairnder, Irbut I have to stand it. When the day draws to a close I gratefully start home. Ilernembering my difliceity with the street car in ,the ,morning, I con. clude to walk home. Greetings of all kinds centre upon the fat man as I go along ; I won't try to name them. When I reach home; panting from my work walking up thle hill, my wife smiles upon me, and sings out, "Ah, here's my little boy I" That makes me tremble with rage. Sarcasm is not my hold, so I hold my tongue. The time to entertain her company has now come, and that is misery of the deepest kind. They want me'to join in games and to make an ass of me generally by trying to flop and tumble around. I have tumbled to their game, and I hie me away to bed. Soon I fall osleep and dream of heaven, where all the angels are men as thin as lightning rods and there is no such misery as fat to mar the joy of tlleplace. 