FICTION, Fr*m ftaftlUh, Anirrlcao* «rid Of har P*rlodlc*l»« A TERRmlTcRIME. CHAPTER XXII. ANOTHER SURPBISB. Tho attendant looks at his master, hut by a quick manoeuvre the detective places himself between them. "Answer my question without instructions, if you please," tho Hindoo says. "The hack wasn't numbered," the man replies. "Where did you hire it?" .'Near Chatham square." " "Were you acquainted with the driver ?" " No, sir." " Then how did you dare to propose to him to smash his carriage and allow his passenger to bo killed?" The attendant starÍ3 backward as though smitten in tho face. " What-do-you-mean ?" he demands, with a long pause separating his words. " I asked a plain question, and you are simply to give a plain answer." " But I did nothing of the kind. The action you spoke of would bo murder !" " So it would, or pretty near it. Did you tell tho driver the name of the young lady he was to call for?" " Yes, sir." " What name did you give him ?" "Elsie Harper." " All this was in compliance with directions from Mr. Desmond ?" "Yes." " Who was with you when you hired the car- riage ?" '* I was alone." " At what timo ?" " Last evening, at about nine o'clock." "And you also delivered a message from Mr. Desmond to Elsie Harper this morning ?" "I did." " That will do ; you may go." The man turns away, but the detective detains him, adding : "^One thing more. Describe to me, as accurately as you can, the driver of the carriage which you hired." The man complies. Thero is only one peculiarity of the driver mentioned hy the attendant which we will note ; he liad lost the forefinger of his left hand. The description is sufficient, and tho detective feels sure that he can " spot" his man. When the attendant lias gone from the room the detectivs turns to the broker and says : " At a proper time I shall require of you an ex- planation of your relations with Elsie Harper. But as I have got moro important points to follow up, I'll let you cling to your secret a little longer. But let me tell you one thing : secrets are ugly things to ludo when one is under suspicion. The shadow of a clime makc3 small things look suspicious. And worse yet is a quarrel, like yours, with Ulric Shelby. When I see you again I sholl expect you to clear up the whole matter." Sidney follows the detective from the room. When they are alone the young man asks : " Is not your mind cleared of suspicion against my father ?" The Hindoo glances at the speaker, shows his teeth in an odd grimace, and then leaves the house without speaking. "That youngster has a heap of weak human nature about him," Hyjah mutters, as he hastens away from the house. It is nightfall again before anything of import- ance takes place. The Hindoo detective begins to wonder what has become of Tommy, the shrewd lad whom he has deputed to watch the movements of Elsie Harper. Why has not the lad reported to him the fact of her going off in the carriage, which event has ter- minated so tragically for her ? It also occurs to the detective that Bartloy Roper keeps out of sight, and that Kitt Morrill is extremely careful of his socioty. " If they've got hold of that hoy, it will be like them to use him hard unless he gives into all their demands," the detective reflects. " And that lad is not of the sort that gives in easily. He is grit fiom head to heels. He would dio rather than yield a single point against his will. I am afraid the boy is in trouble, and if he is, it is for me to get him out." The detective makes his way to the vicinity of the building where, the night before, he met with such singular adventures. The reader may luve noted that we have not alluded to any skilful disguises on the part of the Hindoo detective. The reason for our not doing so is a very simple one indeed. Hyjah never employs a disguse of any sort, aside from an occa- sional change of clothing, gait, and voice for brief temporary effects. The truth is, he is so extraoidinarily tall and stalwart that he is sure to attract attention wherever he goes, if he is being watched. To con- ceal his identity for any length of time would be an impossibility. Yet ho seldom finds this restriction f an embar- rassing one. In his methods of work, silence stealth, and a seemingly careless demeanour, are more useful than the most clever disguises can pos- sibly be. . i As he neara the building in question he assumes a sauntering pace, seeming to see nothing, but in reality observing every passer-by and every object of interest. He enters a ,saloon to purchase a cigar. As he lights Tip, he " spots" every individual in the apart- ment. Whon he gains the street he throws the cigar away, enters the next saloon, and theie re- peats the experiment. But here he shows no haste in takingihis depar- ture. He leans against the wall of the room, smoking; shifts his position two or three times, i and suddenly, mysteriously disappears. Whither ho goes no one has noticed. One rough-looking customer, who has kept an oyo upon the Hindoo from tho moment of the latter's appear- ance, loses sight of him as completely as the othors, who hare boon less vigilant. "Did that tall chap go out?" the rough-looking individual inquires of the bartender. "The tall, dark-faced oovey ?" " The samo." [ " I didn't see him go. Thought ho Btood out there by the show-case ?" . " So he did, -a minute ago j but He's slipped out of sight. I'd give a dollar to know where ho went," " Were you watching him ?" " As a cat watches a mouse. I thought I knew every time ho moved hand or foot ; yot ho's gone, and I didn't seo him go. I could almost swear he didn't go out at the door." " Same here,"speaks up anotherman-»decidedly reckless looking man, with one shoulder several inofcoa higher than the other. " So yow were watching him ?" questions the first speaker. " You bet I was. Betcher he's a fly cop !" " I sha'n't bet against you, Hunchy, 'cause I ittoi« Ii6 is-tho Hindoo detoctive, they call him. He's a holy terror, so they say. No end to his tricks, and sly as a weasel. Shouldn't wonder if he's hoaring what you and I aro saying 'bout him this minute." "Don't caro if he is. Can't drop on mo for nothin.' You and I ain't that kind, eh ?" The remarks of these two men attract the atten- tion of a third individual who stands quietly in a corner. This man is ungainly in proportions, is well dressed, but one cheek is disfigured by a long strip of black courtplaster. Ho is Bartley Roper, the treacherous policeman. The mention of the Hindoo deteotivo first causea him to look swiftly about the room. Then ho goes to the door and glances up and down the street. Re-ontering the saloon, he accosts the man called Hunchy. " Did you say tho Hindoo detective came in here?" Roper asks. " He was here a minute ago." " Did he go out ?" " That's the conundrum. If you want tor keep track of that chap you have to keep awake. They say he can vanish into tho air like a ghost." " Nonsepso ! It takes as much room for him as for anybody-rather more, I guess. Thoy tell some tall yarns about that Hindoo, because he's got a fe w juggling tricks down fine j but ho's not lung but a big booby, in my opinion." , There is a malignancy in the words and tones of Roper which shows the bystanders plainly enough that he is no friend to the object of their remarks. That he ia a member of the police force they are all aware ; but thoy do not fear him. They know that as a man he is no bettor than they are, for upon more than one occasion has he been bought off when sent out to arrest some noted law-breaker. " I guess you and the Hindoo ain't the best of friends, eh ?" Hunchy observes. Roper makes no response, He goes again to the door, and glances out upon the street. Then ho moves uneasily about the room, looking behind several doors, and into a barrel that stands in a corner. But ho sees no sign of the detective, and audibly exclaims : "H¿ went out of, of course !" A little later, another person enters the saloon. It is a figure evidently familar so the denizens of the place, for several exclaim : " How are you, Lovell." For the new-comer is the dwarf. He passes straight through tho room, opens a door and ascends the flight of stairs beyond. He is followed by Bartley Roper, and they are presently seated face to face near a table in a small, dimly lighted room. " What is the news ?" Lovell demands, a3 soon as they are seated. " There is none, except that," Roper places one finger upon his cheek, which is disfigured by a court-plaster. " What of that ?" tho dwarf asks. " I'm marked, that is all." " By whom ?" " That Hindoo, of course." " How did it happen ?" Roper describes the scene in Marcus Ripley's room, when he, from behind the picture upon the wall fired at and broke the vial in the fingers of the young man, as the latter was about to return it to the detective. As the policeman concludes his narration, he adds : " I've got to look out for that man. He has handled me roughly two or tlíree times. I hate him, and I would like to shoot him-if I only dared !" " Do you know where he is to-night ?" Lovell asks. " He was down stairs a little while ago." " Where did he go ?" " I don't know. He is like a witch for disappear- ing ." " He merely pulls wool over the eyes of such fel- lows as you are. I think I can fathom his tricks if ho attempts them in ray presence." The dwarf says this with a defiant glance from his remarkably keen eyes. Scarcely have the words passed his lips, however, before the small table which stands near them is overturned with a suddenness that brings an ejacu- lation from the lipB of Roper, while both spring to their feet. " The Hindoo fiend is here now !" cries the police- man. " Yes, he i$ here !" declares a familiar voice in his rear. Both glance in the direction whence the voice comes. And there, coolly seated in a chair near a wall of the room is Hyjah, the wonderful detec- tive ! (To le continued.)_ 