CATJLFIEDD DOINGS. Bv "Bohemian." Since my last, the committee of the V.A.T.C. having decided to open ths straight running for Derby and Cup horses only, Thursday last wae what onr readers might term the morning of the season. The tracks beiDg in first- rate order, owners and trainera had no occasion to complain. At this period of the year work commences just about daybreak. Mr. P. Kelly waa the first to commence operations. Ben Bolt, the Caol/ield Cup candidate, in company with his stable companion, Chuckster, went a good strong round on llie gras?, the son of Newbould moving free and well. The latter is im proving every day, but I think Ms feet have caused his trainer a great deal of tronble. The Tasmanian, Western, has been doing some serviceable exercise. Whitebait, the Derby candidate, has been treated to good eervieeable work over a mile- He is a very nice looking colt, bnt I don't think he will shine this season. Anarchy, Kerning, Ambassadress, Lando, Vera, Waifield, and Bridegroom have been put thruugh suitable work. Silvermine, in company with Sirocco, has been given strong work over a mile, Bonnie Doon joining in a couple of fnr- longe from home. The former haa greatly improved since he arrived here. The Chanter, who looks blooming, occasion ally acts as schoolmaster to the Cap can didate, Chicago, and tk remainder of the team are all doing wal. One of the nicest- looking three-year- olds of the season is Kenneth, who has wintered splendidly, and if nothing hap pens between now and the spring, 1 shall be greatly surprised if he does not land a good stake for his painstaking trainer. St. Panl has been given some good pre paratory exercise. Jocular, who seems to go a bit short, has been striding along on the grass. Last year's Cup winner, Grace Darling, has been doing long, elow work during the past week. The daughter of The Diver and Zoe doea not seem to be in the same buckle as siie was this time last year. Millstreara, who is gradually settling down, ie a rather taking gentleman, and 1 would not be surprised in the least when the time comes that he is the one selected to carry his owner's jacket in the Caulfield Cup. Gadfly, The Crane, The Ghost, and Empress are all looking freeh and well. Blondin has been sporting over fonr or five furlongs, occasionally running home um eiuuig toVlupBIHUUj UlglllHIIU Chief, who likewise lias been doing good work. The two-year-old, Lord Allen, who ia one of the most perfectly made tolls I have seen thia season, has been potter ing aiong gently. Preston, who waa treated to a short spell, ia in work again. Cestus, Alexan dria, and Isabel are all going well. The Taamanians, Clarendon and St. Alhert, have been working in company, while Young Horatio haa been putting in S05J? strong, healthy exercise on the sand. The steeplechasers Contingent, Nabock- hah, Blueakin, Union Jack, Goodwood, Stag, Ajax, Brunette, Lady Aaliton, and Grmculus Esurius have all done healthy exercise. The winner of the Wioter Handic.p, Little John, hae been doing good Bound work, in company with hie stable com panion, Jem Cain. A taking son of King of the Ring, in the same stable, is King of the West. The hurdle racers, Amateur, Waiter, and Symbol, h.vo been moving along steadily. Umberto, who, I am very sorry to say, met with an accident some time ago similar to that which caused the death of Alaster Norman, is getting round again. The hurdle racer Fusee is also moving along gently. The Bohemian, with New York and Dougalaton for companions, is undergoing a thorough preparation. The son of Afaribyrnong looks fresh, healthy, and muscula-. It was rnmonred that he was intended for Sydney, but I believe tbe tasfc was put to him, and be did not answer it satisfactorily. Dougaleton looks none the worse after his Moonee Valley victory. The two-year- old, Epicurean, haa been spurting, as also Alia Alia and Delamia. Violet has been striding along for four or fire furlongs. Nectarine, Carnival, and Julian Gray: this trio have been cantering and Bpurting. Gasburuer and a chesnut by Newmin- ster have been moving along on the Band. Cricket, Patience, and Lottery have been allotted long, half pace exercise on the eand. Carnarvon, The Loafer, Eugene, Louise Berta, Bonnie Lad, and others of Mr. Connolly's look well. Footman, Berkeley, Cadland, Albanus, and First Pop have all done serviceable work. Camerin", Daystor, and Meerschaum are doing nice steady exercise. The following have tor the present been enrownout ot worn : — me two-year-oio, Explorer (by Robinson Crusoe), Sweet Marion, Ltihra, Phenomenon, Comus, Hannibal, Peter, ati-i Buckley. Grattan, the hura'e ract-r, is, I am informed, going to ilie stud. Stonebroke and Norm have left for India, accompanied by A. Blair, who piloted Blink Bonny to victory in the Caulfield Cup, under engagement to Mr. E Weekes. 