A CHAT WITH BARRY SULLIVAN. In:a pleasant' sitting-room overlooking the Soutkport promenade (nays an interviewer) I fouud the taiuous tragedian Barry Sullivan one afternoon recently. Although personally acquainted with most of tho leading actors of tho day, I have never before mot Mr Sullivan in private, and was, perhaps, all tho more curious to note him in his habit as lift livod, nnd mark the characteristics of an- actor whoso famerings through two hemispheres. i had often heard anecdotes tending to show th© hauteur of Mr Sullivan's demeanor to strangers and his olil-world punctiliousness of manner! But J- was most agreeably disappointed, i found him one uf the kindliest ami most cour teous of gentlemen, whose speech, bearing, and gesture,'- showed now nnd again a trace of that courtly politeness which ih fast disappearing in favor of bruaquerie of manner and colloquial familiarity, in conversation. Naturally we talked on stage topics, uiid Mr Sullivan spoke- .fluently and pleasantly of actors past and pro- .sent -.Tlie stag© has for so' long. boon his world- —a world in which he reigns as prince— that everything dramatic has woven itself into his very existence. He could not shake it oft if he would, and I doubt whether ho would for a moment desire to. i learned from Mr Amory, his son and general manager, that on the days he plays certain parts Tie' becomes wrapt up in the character he is to impersonate. . Uniorttiimtely my visit was paid on a Hamlet day, and our pleasant chat was a little cur tailed in consequence of air BuIJivan'a dorire to compose himself and become ©ngronaed in the melancholy Dane before liu went to tho theatre. But, as I have already stated, I fonud'him willing to talk, not only upon things Thespian, but also upon any ornate topic that suggested .itself. REr Sullivan's manner and bearing had lost nono of tho sprightliness and gracefulness that have always been amongst his most admired characteristic, and i was delighted to ftud, though his hair had become very grey, that his face betrayed no traces of his recent serimin illness. Habited in- alight check suit, ho moved about the room witli tho ease and .springiness of a youngHter rather than tho gait of n veteran of— well, Mr Sullivan never talk of his age, and as you would never guess it from his manner, I won't reveal tho secret. My first questions related to tho early days of his career, but he didn't seem desirous that this chat should take the form of a memoir or a biography, sow o quickly got on to more general tonic. "You see," said Mr Sullivan, "I haven't got any books of referenco by mo, and an I might make mistakes— for to tell tho truth my novitiate was passed so long ago— it woild be, perhaps, better to say nothing about it. Liver- pool and Manchester were the two first places where I maae tho first fuss," said Mr Sullivan, hesitating about the word "fuss, "and evidently desirous of expressing himself without egotism. "I had been a star before I wout to th© Man chester Theatre Koyal, and I went thorc to play leading business. G. V. Brooke and I shared the lead. What a dear old fellow ho was ! and what a place the Theatre Koyal was in those day# ! , It was always crowded, and th© boxes were all sold before th© Hcosnn opened. Tho drama in Manchester ranked equal to the Italian opera in London. Tho theatre was looked up to aud supjwrtcd by the best people. The play \vaa indeed th© thing, and is yet, I bo|w, fur I've always been treated with the greatest kindness by the Manchester p«opta. In those days actors never thought of going to London until they had graduated through nil the big towns. Now our modern young men and young ladies begin there— they begin, in fact, where they ought to end, aft6r much study and effort. Ladies cell themselves 'leadingladies' nowadays who don't oven know the linen, and could not speak thorn if they did. Wlion I think of some of the leading ladies of the jast — TTetan Faucit, Fanny Kemble, Charlotto VamUmhoff, Mrs Nixbett, Mr Stirling, and others that T would hardly rank with thexo Indies— 1 feel that wo have fallen on different times indeed. Mrs Stirling at tho time I spoalt of was beautiful to look upon, and had a voice like music. She I a clmrming huly. and' nil admirable actress now, but xliu is 'older . than sho wax, no thaukx to anyone.' I rcimmibcr in aconveisalion wlthMaorindy, ho tnldmo'hc studied Uamlct seven years lieforo h© played it. ' I studied it even longer, and novor np preach it now without feeling \t i fttill some thing almv© me." . " You (irxl played ll'amlet in Manchcoler, 1 believe ?" . . . ; " Y©vft, and thu iyam'Ar.iL'r Guardian, which in th.oso day invariably dovotcd'u column and a lialf to my performance#, v;a kind ouough to speak of mo in connection with Maurcady, Kean, and Young, as I followed the two former in tho part. Since tlmt time I've played Ham let over 3000 time, on an average about twice a week for 35 year. AU your modern TLim lets.copy my husiuesstnul if you refer to the liUirrrffnnof LSI, you will there find an ncknow ledgoincntof tho bu-tiip't ta'tween llamlet and .Ophelia which wa then don© for .the first time, and 1m nine© formed jmrt of th© business of all llamlet. I .showed then for the first time the reason nf Hamlet's Midden chang© in demeanor as ho discovers Folonius and the King eave.nlropping, and at once eon- dudes th.u tlplmlia is concerned in the pint. Th© 4 hawk and handsaw' rending, loo, I altered. During my studies I tried to thoroughly grasp tho meaning of each sen tence, but j w;vumabl« to find any intelligible meaning in the )ine :i it appeared -in the or dinary test. Taking, into consideration tho context aud the situation. 1 as Hamlet believe tlmt Guildenetein ami Koseucrantr. had bm n specially sent to pump th© prince, who dis covered their purpose and pumped them in stead, aud i therefore, when the climax wax reached, said 4 I am but mad nur'-nor'-wcxt ; when the wind i# Koutberly 1 .know a hawk from a heron ; . pshaw.!' the 4 pshaw' being tho outcome of tho disgust Hairnet felt at being treated i u such a manner. I felt thaUtiuu-u wax a meaning and a point in tlie line, when delivered in this way, which wax entirely wanting in. the 4 handsaw' read'ng. . fck) too with the Ghost, who tell Hamlet ho is ' doomed for a certain tini© to walk tho night, and for Jhcttay confined tofast in fire.' This 1 folt \v:i# and 1 mnd© my .Glioxt ay ' confined fast iu fir©,' thereby . getting rid of th© difficulty and making intelligible what had .previously been ob-cure. I could go through (lie play am! show mnnv .iuxtance where tho Hi:e«> liad Invome enenisted with absurdities arising from the alteration of ig- noram. coiiimeiuatorsand aotom, but I liave no desir© now to enter into any argmuenv or justification of my alterations and restoia- tionx. It is > sufficiently gratifying to know that my reacting are now universally eopunl, and may therefore be fairly said to have com mended lhiiu?:ol\v« to the intelligeuc© of critic#, aetoiv, and audience alike. '; After my first performances of Hamlet » banquet -wa# given in my honor iu MuncheKler. ntui I re member one of (lie- speakers alluded to 'my having th© iirevmus week played Lony Tom Coffin in Th© Pilot. He ©lilogixcd my >er- founancu of Lung Tom, xfiok© of my being th© very .typ© uf a rough ; rollicking sailor, ami paid a flattering compliment to mo for having Ming a comic song in the part. But how could such a man play Hamlet 7 h« asked himself. .So ho went to the theatre, a he confessed, to laugh at my presumption, but he stayed to pray 1 might continue playing thu. part. A# I've already said, I've played Hamlet ov.-r 3000 tim©#— o often, in fact, that I've some- tinnsdeMred to leavy it out of my hill, hut the theatre manager, who look very natutally at their books, insist un my including it." You havo no synqwahy with the Imlief that Hamlet was mad, Mr Sullivan ?"'l asked. Oh dear no," replied th" tragedian, with consulerabh; emphasix, 44 he distinctly Ktntos m til© phuncdS prw-riblo language a inan can us© that Iih is only pretending madness fur a s|>ccial pui i>o jo, "But sum© commentator— Mr G. H. Lewes, for install©©— adopt this view, and adduce plaUHible reasons for it 7" "Mr Lewes, a pojr weak creature?" replied Mr bnllivan, witli a gesture of something like . luqattenco; "Mr G. H. Lewes played with me in the Theatre Royiil, Manchester. I and Gus. Brook© then regarded Luwch a# an edu cated man, and treated him with great, consi deration. YV© never seriously regarded hint a# : an actor ; hut it transpired that at some even ing party Lewes ©xpres-ed his intention of for saking literature Giracting. HeKaid.Macready ix retiring— it was just after Maorearty had announced hi intention o,4 giving up the stage — 4 the young men you liavo hurts Brook© and Sullivan, are popular, but n A equal to taking a leading position,' and in unmistakcablo language he avowed hit: intention of taking Macready's place. YV© had previously tolerated him as Khyluck, biu'after a public utterance of this kind we told \V aback, who wax then tho binge-manager, that wo conldu't in tlie future play second part to him, and that-ended our stag© association with Mr Lowes. " AnrojK) of G. V. Brooke, MrSulIivau, do you believe there is any truth in the story that thu lute Tom Oliumbors used to tell, of Ms having studied Bichard th© Third from a pimny copy, and learnt it with.nH tho error# aud mis print. "I shouldn't be in Iho least surprised. That was ix>6r Bro'ilco's great fault; ho wasn't a student. .Had h« been he would have tatun a transcendent actor. It was in dur joint dress- ing-revmi, at Iho Koyal, Manchester, that ho mud© his first engagement with Spicor to ap pear iu London. 1 lo consulted inn ull tluough, and xhowefl mo aU the letter, and axkeil iny advice. Ho first appeared in London, as vim may remember at tho Olympic, in Othello, and his want of studious ear© tva# madototellhcavy ugaii.st. ThoKpouuh in which Othello 'say# ' 0 ! the curs© of marriage, that we can call these delicate creature our, and not their ap petites,' he gave as those inuoeont creature#,' thereby robbing tho speech of sense ami meaning. Instead of the critics treating this lujmts lingua: with consideration, they uiodo a great deal of it to Brook©'# disadvantage." 44 Pjor Brookes was amis-spent, lifo with a sad ending. "A xad. end, truly," replied Mr Sullivan tenderly, us tit© thought and recollections of tho old comradeship apjwared to crowd liack onhiir. 44 liu was coming out to mo in Aus tralia when he was drowned. He was duo to mo th© previous Christinas, but ho loitered, wasted hi time, aud ank lower , and lower At last he made an effort, and Btarted on that ill-fated journey in tho Loudon. I'll tell you a curious and sad incident aprojms of this voyage to leave matter# dramatic alone for a moment," uiid Mr Svilivan, "Going down the Chaneul at the same timo was -another largo veasel, the John Douthy. On it was a family of ten or twelve pooroiia-father, mother and their children. The John Douthy had behaved badly going down tho Channel, -nnd like tn© London had put into Plymouth for shelter. This family, regirding tlie London ns n safci shij), got their berth trasiKforred to her l' Of course, like the rest of the unfortunate ms- xengure,- they wore drownc<!, and tho John Douthy arrived afc in Sydney. On her arrival my sun Ainot-v and ntyKrif- took a boat, and rowed round her. Thore sho lav, calm and still, towering like a muuntam, whftafc. the other rvexsftl bad gone down.witn iii-ooko anil all the passenger.. It was a strange circumstance— the two lups, both of whtaii behaved batlly both putting into Plymuuth,. the; transference of to© family for safety, and tho terribly end. Had poor Brooke only transferred from the London to th© John Douthy— but there I Ho died nobly poor fellow." - . "You wore some timo in Australia, I think ?' VYes, I was there four years, and I played 1000 mghtaiit.Molbouriic without leaving tho city. 1 r.ot only produced the wholo round of the standard play, but was instrumental iu producing tho first pantomime there. I'v© had ueveral grand tours iu America; hm duo there now, in fact. I have a letter trom Mr Henry B. Abbey wanting luo to go out. But. I have notyet been able to decide whethor to accept hi# offer, The offer is an exceedingly hand- Homo on©, you will observe," «aid .Ylr Sullivan, producing a letter from hi bureau. ,4You bo© he wants ui© for thirty- week#, opening in Now York and afterwards visiting Boston, Baltimore, Chicago, Philadelphia, St Jamis, St Paul, Cincinnati, and other innmrt- and cities, petting west to Omaha, and Kansas, Denver, aud including tho western state# of Canada. Ho- will provide th© entire company, scenery, and'all accessories, pay ail my travelling and hotel oxpmiweH, aud allow uio seventy pur emit, of the receipt#. I have had this letter, a# you will see, Binco July, anil you aro tho first person to whom I've shown it or mentioned tho offer. I havo a great disliko to thu snirit of thu present genera tion of actors, who advertise thmr vury ailmout! YVhat littlo reputation I've had' I think I've won fairly ana honorably by my public per formances, and I detest aud despise thoso tricks which now seem to form part of the nctor'a stock-in-trado. It au actor now-a-days 1ms th© toothAche the new Heeins to find its way iu priitt ; but throughout lny illness, which was lone mid sever©, I sedulously pre- vented onyN detail from appearing in the pajmr. Lot an actor stand or fall by Ms art. anil not depund unon mlvmititiou aids ami paltry newspapur advertiseinents." You aro, I am dolighted to think, now quite restored to health, Mr Sullivan?" "Oh, yes, I'm a giant now to what I was some months ago, thanks to Sir Andrew Clarko, who look great care of mu, but still I've got a list about ltalf-a-yard in length of thing I must avoid. I never felt in belter spirits or had a keener relish for my work." J'Havn you any intention of raising the prices on your' forthcoming visit to Man- ohester ?" . < "No, sir, I shnuld call it a piece of imperti nence— a piece of linpyrtiuence.sir. If I bought somo piece that cost me L1000 or so there might be some justification for it. But raising prices is a croat mistake I never approved of it, and I believo I have, in the long run, been th© gainer. I shall bo glad to sou all my Manchester friend again, and liave no idea o provoiffing that by putting on prohibitive prices."— 2?Ac AV<i, . 'In tlm. j?rn of the following week Mr F. Stobhing write as follows :r-Sir,4-Hoading tho article last week entitled-44 A-Chnt with Barry bulhvan,." "1 iiot-ie<al a passage in which lie state ho was instrumental in producing tho irst pantomime tin Australia. . Now, I. arrived til. Melbourne, in 4o4-55, about, 'at least, five ymrs before Mr Barry Sullivan arrived. I played f sprite in a pantomime nt Coppin's Oly inpio thu next year— t ho vuar of tho opening of the lliwitro ltoyal ; and t know thorn was n pantomime two year before .llmt,, i\t tlm Queen x, umlur the management of Voting and Hyde, in which Charles Young played clown, Mrs Hermann Norin, thou Mrs ulmrieaYeung, being cqnncotod with the company. I also played in two pantomime nt tho Theatre Koyal after that and on© at tho llaymavket. I well remember thu Theatre Hoyul under Mr Barry Sullivau's mansgemont, aud wvw tho whole of his production# with Mr and Mrs Kobert Hill, but 1 think on© of his greatest treat was his Shami-the-Post, when no sang Wearing ofthc Green." But 1 think there is another mistake about G. \r. Bixaikc. It wax. generally understood in McUtouriui that he wa engaged by Guorgc Coppin, In old friend and the uian who had rescued him from hi great- difficulties. - I write this from nn mtmiato .acquaintance with both Mossr Brooke and Coppin, with whom 'I havo been employed on different occasion. FUASOIS Stkumng. ; btebbmg 1 roup© of Aeromita. 0 Mclbouruc-viHo, yy cstficld-road, liornacy, a. 