V.A.T.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, August 21. The Grand National meeting of the V.A T.C. was held to-day at Caulfield. Despite the threatening aspect of the weather the atten-<*> dance was very good, the weather held up, and a ye ry good day's racing was the re sult. Notwithstanding- the heavy rains which lell dining the h_t two days the course wos not in a bad condition, though a trifle heavy. The first event on the card, the Soplin-? St—teas, brought 18 youngsters to the poet. Sunshade won in fine style by half a length from Epicurean, Carnival being third two lengths oil. Thirteen horses saddled np for the Handle Race, for which Hunt-sin on and Ocean were equal favorites at very short cdd-i. The pot boiled over, however, for Bonnie Lad, with 9st on his back, was iiist {last the post, beating Distiller by a neck only. Hunteman was third. Both Ocean and Koulyte fell. Cuba appropriated the Selling Race from Mabel Gray, Meleagrida, and three others. Tiie winner was bought in for £40. Eight borees wturhnd out for the event of the {day, ths Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. Game was made a hot favorite a' even money, and he justified tbe opinion of his backers by winning after a hard tussle with Contingent by three and a half lengths. Tea-ang, who fell the second time round, waa third, a very long distance off. Every horse in the race except two came to grief. The last event on the card, the Balaclava Stakes saw 24 horses face the starter. PooahontaA, who staited favorite, won by a neck from Quintin Mateey and Honey Bee, who filled the places, SAPLING STAKES. Three furlongs. Mr. A. Halinbourg's br f Sunshaie, by Ne~-wminster—Sunbeam, 7 st 7 lb. (Sander*) j Epicurean, by Darriwell—Alethe, 7 st. 7 lb! (OBritn) 2 Carnival, by Glorious—Confusion, carried 7 st. 10 lb. (Bence) 3 Other starters—Teuton, Dreamer, Master Norman, Profos Grand, Casuist Trust Pingaia. Eyra, Folk*, Alexandria, Nec tarine, Query, Golden Fleece, Dart-in, Julian Gnry. Betting—3 to 1 against Sumhade, 5 to 1 Casuist C Epicurean, 10 Query and Carnival. The favorite got the best of a good start, aud led into the straight followed byQaery. Nec tarine, and Julian Gray last The two ran very wide at the turn into the straight where Trust was very forward. At the distance Epicurean came with a rush, and was only beaten by half a length. Carnival was third two lengths away, then came Trust Teuton, Da-rgin. Casuist. Qaery, with Protos Grand latt. Time, -:0 sec. HTRDtE HACK. Two miles. Bonnie Lad, by Terror, 9 et. (Gardiner) ... 1 Distiller, 10 st. (Mclvor) 2 H-onftanan (Oorrigan) 3 Other starters—Ruby, Ocean, K'Vtlyte, Tantaliser, Sinking Fund, Grattan, Whale bone, Lopis, Townley, and Sultan. Betting—6 to 2 each atzainst Huntsman and Ocean, 7 to 1 Bonnie Lad, 10 Sinking Fond, 100 to 8 Townlev. Whalebone led over the first fence, followed by Huntsmen, Ocean and Bonnie Lad along side. Sultan went to the head of affairs, bat relinquished his position in favor of Sinking Fond. On entering the straight Saltan hit the first hurdle in the straight very hard, but was ably re-covea-ed. Fast the stand the order was—Sinking Fund, Towuley, Kc-oiyto, Giattan, Sultan, and Ocean. At the hurdle at the eaid nf the stand Koolyte came down heavily. Sultan momentarily went to be front at tbe torn, but was quickly -—placed by Sinking Fund, who had a go id lead, his immediate followers being Townley, Grattan, Bonnie Lad, Ocean, and Ruby. WhaeVb.-n*-, who had been last from tbe start, nw im proved bis position slightly, and round at tbe back Sultan came again, and was in front at the back turn, where Ocean, who was weU un, fell. When nearing the last jump Bonnie Lad, who had deprived Sultan of the lead, was followed over that obstacle by H-i-it&tnwi;, after whom came Sultan and lli-tiller. T c last- named horse came with a very game m-<h at the finish, and was only beiten by Bonnie Lad by a neck. Huntsman was third three Jeng?h? away, then e-?rne Snitan, Louis, Ruby. Whalebone, and Grattan. Time, 4 mm. 13 sec SELTJTSG RACE. Four furlongs and a half. Cuba, by Gemma di Vergy—Peer mare, 7 si. 13 lb (O'Brien) ... I Mabel Gray, 7 st. 13 lb. (Bence) 2 Meleagrida, 7 et. 9 lb. (Power) 3 Liddington, Isabel, and Meerschaum also started. Betting—6 to 4 against Mabel Gray, 7to 4 Cuba. Isabel waa first away, but was conn over hauled by Mabel Gray, who led inta the straight, followed by Cuba. In the ride home Cuba beat the favorite by tliree-quarters of a length, Meleagrida was third four lengths behind, —ten came Meerschaum, Isabel, and Liddington. Time, 1 mm. The winner was bought in for £40. CACL*F**_LI> GRAND SAHOSAL STEEPLECHASE. Two miles and a half. Mr. M. Loughlin's Game, by Panic—"flditfa, 12 st. 12 lb. (Corrigan) _. 1 Contingent, 9 st. 71b. (Allen) 2 Terang, 10 et. 4 Ib. (Carey) ... .„ ._ 3 Other starters—Lady Ashcon, 12 st 8 lb.; Native, 11 st. 10 lb.; Iribhman, 11 st. 3 lb.; Wickliffe, 10 et. II lb.; Havelock, 10 st 8 lb. Betting—Even money Game, C to 1 against Lady At-bton and Wickliffe, 8 Tgran^ 10 IrUhman, 12 Contingent. Game and Irishman were first away, but Lady Ashton went to the heal of affairs aud led past the stand, followed by Nj^ive, Game, and Teiarjg, with Contingent whipping in tfae others. Routed the turn Lady Ashton increased ber lead and had fully six lengths advantage at the back, her nearest fullowe—. being Native, Tf*_-g t and Wickliffa. Havelocrk bad previously bralfcral at the jump on tbe bill and waa crot erf the race. I_dy Ashton conturned to lead and faad a alight advantage of WidclifEe entering the straight the seoond tuns. Widkli_s was first past the stand followed by Lady Anhb—, Natives, and Irirrhnr-an. Right in —ont of the stand Native struck very heavily but was spta-rdidly recovered by Fta-r-gaai-a, At the fence oa the hill Te—ag camedownand Native followed suit. At tbe nextobslacle Lady, who was close up to Wicklifie, swerved and lost a lot of ground. At the back Irishman wa-i at the bead of affairs, Clotr-tangent bekig next, follejwrad by Game, WicrUiffe, and Lady Ashton. Nearing the far t*im Lady Ashton fell and Contingent drew away -Trom Irishman. At the mud wall Irishman struck heavily and unshipped hirs -rider, WickKffe also coming over at the same obstacle. This left Contingent and Game to fight it out by themselves.. The favorite gradnally overhauled Contingent and won. by three and a half lengths. Tmrang waa placed third, forty lengths away, and war tallowed lmme by I—dy Ashton, hath having- beat re mounted. Tune, 5 mm. 38 sec. BAIACIATA STAKES. Sf**f*en birlonga. Pex-aiawtar-, fay St. Albans, 6 et 6 lb. (Gorry?._ „ _! _, „ _. 1 Quin—n Matery, Bst (Power) ._ ... 2 Honey Bee, 6st 13 lb. (Tomiin) .„ ... 3 Other starters—C*-tnck<*er, Ghost, Gaardesc b, Csmerine, Straight Shot, B-rixlegioom, Maroney, Preston, I—ndo, St. Pant, Kenneth, Wetmi, Black Diamond, Hogmanay, Mia Mia. Maori Chief, Milbtream, St Louis, Pro tector, Lord Sutton, Ex-Premier. Betting— 5 to 1 sgst. the winner, 6 to 1 Gar denia. 7 Straight Shot aud Hogmanay. 8 < Matspy, 10 Maroney and Honey Bee. Camerine was first away and led for a short distance, when Gardenia headed her. At the far trom Hoary Bee shot to the front, and at tbe mud wall was followed by Maroney and Porabontai*. Honey Bee entered the straight with a slight advantage erf Pocahontas, Qrrintin Matfey beirg next These three fought out tbe race, Pocahontas winning by a neat: from Quintin Mat-—y. Honey Bee being third, three lengths behind; then came St. Louis, Came rine. Black Diamond, Maroney, Straif-fj-rtShot, with Lord Sutton last Time, 1 mm. 35 sec r? 