THE APPROACHES TO TUNG A MAH. TO TUB EDITOR OF TI1E EXPRESS. Sir,—Knowing tlmfc it is one of your specinl virtues to watch over public interest, to improve the occasion ns preachers give out, when the demise of u consistent mid worthy brother or sis ter 1ms taken place, 1 desire to draw your atteution to a matter of utmost importance to the commer cial prosperity of Tungamah. Anyone who has occasion to travel over the different roads which lead to this rising centre, cannot fail to be impressed with the fact that the said loads need some urgent attention from your, coun cil. • To say the least they lire simply a snn.ro and nn abomination to the wary and unwary traveller who trusts himself or herself on thorn. 'The ap proaches to a town should be one of the chief concerns to all concerned in its welfare and thero is much need of this interest being centred on the var ious approaches to Tungamah, because it is said that rather than experience the difficulties which attend the at tempt of getting' over them, numbers of settlers trade at other adjacent, towns, although their market is here and will continue to do so until some thing is done to remedy the evil. Tho road to Wilby is one of the worst, which -'nitty lie- brought under this charge of neglect and our council should get it made lit for traffic, es pecially over the formation a mile or two from Tungamah, without delay. We are all familiar with the celebrated bog hole near Mr Condie’s holding which is described ics disgraceful. If some of our bellicose councillors would become a champion of roads or perhaps to be funny say a colossus of roads, he would earn the grateful regard of every one vho has to use our thorough fares. . If our pugnacious and prolitic writer in your contemporary '• Pluenix," who so often arises from his “ hashes" would take up his nib aud write “ mend your ways” shire councillors instead of puny puns, heavy goaks and “dog”and “ liitcli," yarns, we might tolerate him, or if your Mr Rambler would ramble across one of these famous highways aud get his stockings full of mud and tell his experiences of the miry clay, we should be obliged to both.- Ta 1 ta 1 “ Phienix” sweet dove, M'Lellan won fame with a whale story, you, un dying fame with a bitch story. Ta! ta 1 Rambler, leave your verse and Yoriek’s ghost. I have shown you both a road wherein you may trudge onward to better things through SLUSH. 