CAMPERDOWX. (FE031 OtTE OTVX COKHESPONDE2rr.) Tuesday. It is rather late in tlie day to refer to elec tion matters. Of course you know that our member* Mr TJren, vr&s; one of the thrice happy eleven who -were returned unopposed* Some of us think, of whom I am not one that, instead of expressing his gratitude "by a few Hues in the local press, Mr (Jren should have addressed his constituents on the questions of the day. Well, there are no "burning ques tions" jost now, and in jjolitics, as in most things, "least said is soonest mended. * The friends of the late Geelong members up here were all "stiuck of a heap," when the result of the "ballot revealed that a dean sweep had been made of the old stagers, and new men elected in their places* If our fun was spoiled by the "walkover* of j\Ir TJren, Are had a spirited contest for a seat in the shire conndL. Cr. Scott, to the regret of every one, resigned hi* seat as one of the councillors for the east riding of the shire of Hampdec, and three prominent resident land owners were nominated for the vacancy. Six W. T- Manifold was returned by a large maj ority- The new councillor is quite a young man, a native of the place, and has a very large landed interest in the district. Messrs Walls, M'Alister, and Stansmore, the contractors for the railway line to Terang, are pressing on the work vigorously. The only heavy cutting and filling on the whole line are at the approaches to Emu Creek, near Terang, and the work here is in a pretty for ward condition. The autumn show of the Hampden and Heytesbury Horticultural Society is to beheld in Camperdown on the 25th inst. The hon and enthusiastic secretary* llr Taylor, has issued a very liberal programme, which I have no doubt will attract numerous exhibi tors. X need scarcely tell you. when X know that Camperdown " spuds'" are lirgely used in the "Pivot/* that this i? becoming a great, pot>to producing district. Thi-', I regret to say, has not heen a favorable season for the develop ment of the tubers. The unusually dry sum mer, with heavy rain toward* its dose, has caused a second growth, so that growers in most instances are compelled to take up the crop before it has folly matured* The new tliire hall building is progressing towards, completion, and it is admitted on all hands that when finished it will he an orna inent to the towmhip. The building is of colored brick, with elaborate pressed cement faehigs. The architects are tbat well known firm, Messrs tSmith and Johnson, of .Mel bourne. I forgot to mention, when on the subject of potato growing, that it is not unliKely an influential syndicate will go in extensively for potato culture. St>me of the members are making enquiries as to a suitable area of land to rent for the purpose. There is no doubt that, with ordinary care and management, there is money in theproject. Our mounted rifles here promise to become a formidable branch ot the service. X assure you that, -when got up in full Var paint/' they, to a civilian, look very terrible. I hear of one member on a "black charger" who creates quite a panic in the ranks. The gall and bearing of the younaer members have caused quite a flatter, in the breasts of the fair maidens, who always show a preference for Va bold soldier boy.' r I am sorry to say that the Rev. John Hut chinson, the incumbent of St. Mary's Church of England, has been TFiy poorly in health for some time past. Genial, gentlemanly, and highly educated, we could ill afford to lose him. I am therefore very glad to say that he is improving in health, but much more slowly than his many friends desire, The first attempt to add a romantic interest to our picturesque lakes and valleys has been made by a local author, whose "Witch of Gaotuk/* appeared in several instalments in the Clironidc paper. The local habitation of the "witch^ of bygone days was the seques tered bank of X*ake Gnotuk, in the immediate vicinity of the township. The story was not badly told- I am afraid that young Austra lia is too matter of fact for ghosts, witches, and fairies to prosper here. They miss a lot, though, by tbis want of ideality. MITE RAT A>*£ L»A>~}IAX*S FLORIDA WATEE unsurpassed for Handkerchief, Toilet, andbath Highly fragrant BRISTOL'S SABSAPAEILLA gives asmoothslrin, cures rheumatism, and all diseases of the blood tumors. .BRISTOL'S PILLS, purely vegetable, cures stomach complaints and alQaffectionB of the irer and kidneys, _ 