"FOUNDED ON FACT. • BY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I had written a novel which, I may say wihout affectation, had been received, alike by. the public and the press, with marked, favour. Possibly the generous reception extended to it may, in some measure^have been the result of ^ny own frankness in at" once acknowledging the source from which. I liad drawn my inspiration. Nevertheless, I am, I think, justified in saying that the book owed its success less to the intricacy of its plot than to the adroit manner in which the incidents were handled, and, above all, to the subtle analysis of a mind gifted beyond the common. The volume lias been so recently iu the hands of readers, and by them so fully discussed, that I feel a not unnatural diffidence in referring to it here in anything like detail. If there is one thing I dislike more than another, it is the thrusting of my own personality before the public. But, unfortunately, I have no option in the present instance; I have given asolenin pledge under circumstances of peculiar gravity, and the responsibility resting on me until that pledge is redeemed cannot readily be over-estimated. I have • —unwittingly, it is true—perpetrated a serious wrong against a fellow-creature, and the only method open to me of undoing the evil thus wrought is to make my recantation no less public than the error which renders it necessary. Although, therefore, I do not feel called upon to enter with any degree of minuteness into the particulars of my 'story—a task particularly distasteful to one of my modest disposition—I am forced to call to the reader's memory one or two of the leading events set forth in its pages. It will be remembered that in the preface I at once, as I have said, disharmed hostile criticism on the score of originality by candidly daclaring the basis of my tale to be the account of a certain trial for murder, which I had unearthed from an old newspaper. It would, however, be unfair to my own share in the work did I not add that the details there given were of the most meagre kind—a veritable skeleton in fact from which not only every vestige of flesh had long since disappeared, but which, during these years of sepulture, had lost a goodly number of its original bones ; and among these many of its most important. To me, then, fell the task of rehabilitating this time-worn structure—of clothing it again, so to speak, with its former wrappings—and of imparting to it such vitality as might prove acceptable to the public of the present day. The newspaper report to which I have alluded was short and to many might seem prosaic. It told in concise language how a certain Benjaniin'North had been tried and convicted of the murder of his wife, Hypatia, which crime no doubt, although the fact remained unrecorded, he in due course expiated on the scaffold. The evidence went to show that for many years previous to their marriage the union of these two had been looked upon as probable, and that only a series of malign influences had prevented the consummation of their hopes at an earlier period. Their happiness, however, was fated to be of brief duration. Shortly after * the wedding, Hypatia—no longer, be it said, in the first bloom of her youth—developed symptoms of ill- health. The circumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, in whose favour it was urged at the trial that no one could have displayed greater patience or devotion. The haunts of her earlier days were forsaken, and old friends saw almost nothing of their former comrade. On the rare occasion which found him absent from his wife's side it was apparent, morover, that he had changed greatly. His maimer was more serious and at times even depressed. A certain gloom had settled upon his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. The sudden death of his wife followed soon after. Of its cause there never was the slightest doubt: a day or two previously North had purchased a quantity of arsenic with the ostensible purpose of giving it to his horses to improve the appearance of their coats. It was clearly proved, and indeed was never denied, that his wife's death had resulted from a dose of this very poison. The defence appears to have been conducted on the most primitive lines. A plea certainly was advanced that the woman had, either by accident or design, taken the arsenic herself; but as no evidence was adduced in support of the as sertion, the man's case quickly fell to the ground. Nor, from what I could gather, did the result cause him either surprise or uneasiness. Like the Greeks of old, he seemed to see in his approaching doom the hand of fate from winch no mortal aid could save him. Such was the framework upon which I had avowedly built up my story, carrying candour even so far as to give chapter and verse for my authority. And although it may, at first glance, be thought that the narrative contained little either of an extraordinary or sensational nature, to me there was much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it... I conjured up the early struggles of these loving- hearts — the long, slow years of waiting until their hopes at last should be crowned with fruition. In Hypatia I recognised a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat self-contained, character. And towards these two, just as the cup of happiness was raised to their lips, the hand of death was seen to stretch forth and the inevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of his wife's near dissolution I had no doubt, and that he felt the coming separation even more acutely than herself was no less clear to me. And so he had taken his determination. If they might no longer live together, death at least should not part them. Imbued with this resolve, he had purchased the poison, intending to make away with both his wife and himself. But, after administering her portion, his nerve had failed him ; and before he could summon up courage sufficient to complete his purpose, justice was on his track. Nevertheless, when his fate came, he met it calmly and heroically, conscious that if he had sinned in act he was at least innocent in intention. The character of the man had grown upon me with wonderful vividness, and I had taken the greatest pains to portray the motives by which he had been animated. The success of the book may be accepted as some indication that my efforts were not wholly in vain. Some few weeks after its publication I was sitting one evening alone in my study. It was close upon midnight, and I had already been writing for several hours, as t was necessary the work I had in hand should be finished by a specified time, and 1 was anxious to keep faith. Just at that moment I found myself brought to a stop by the want of certain data, which I remembered were to be found in one of my reference-books. Being desirous to complete the article before retiring for the night, I accordingly laid aside my pen, and proceeded downstairs in pursuit of the volume in question. A few minutes' search sufficed to provide me with what I required, and, taking: tire book in my hand, I returned once more to my work. Entering the room hastily, it was not until I reached my place at the table that I noticed the chair opposite to me to be occupied. I must confess to considerable surprise and even some little alarm at the apparition of a stranger in my house. With the exception of the servants I live alone, and certainly I had no recollection of having invited anyone of this gentleman's appearance to call on me at so unseemly an hour as midnight. Besides, how had he contrived to enter without making himself heard ? " Good evening, sir," he said with a strong provincial accent, as I took my seat. " Good evening,". I replied, not very cordially, perhaps ; but under the circumstances an absence of warmth might be excused. "I fear, however," I continued, " I have not the advantage of knowing whom I am addressing." As I spoke I made a hasty survey of the stranger in the hope of recalling the occasion on which we had met before. But my efforts were in vain. His features seemed wholly unknown to me. These, it may be observed, were sufficiently remarkable to leave a lasting impression upon a memory less retentive than my own. But what struck me most forcibly in this first examination was the old-fashioned air of the man ; an impression, by the way, considerably heightened by his style of costume, which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern fashionable in the years of this century, but curiously out of keeping with the present-day furniture of my room. The other points in particular attracted my attention: the first, that he was a very small man—so small, indeed, that as he sat on a not inordinately high chair, his feet did not even touch the ground, but hung suspended in inid-air, oscillating backwards and forwards like a pair of pendulums ; the other, that his face was exceedingly red and chubby; There was, moreover, a good-naturedtwihkle about liia^eyes which immediately suggested to the observer a power of appreciating a joke, if not of too subtle an order, quite equal to the average. Although I myself was unconscious of having given utterance to anything particularly humorous, he seemed to draw from my reply a considerable fund of amusement, for it set him laughing somewhat boisterously. "And yet," he answered, " there's nobody living knows— or thinks he knows—more about me and my doings than yourself." "You must be labouring under some mistake," I rejoined gravely. " Unless my memory greatly deceives me, we have never met before to-night, so that it is impossible I should be acquainted with your history." " That's precisely what I have come to complain about," said the little man, turning a shade redder, and with a touch of irritation in his voice ; " you admit you have never seen me before—laww nothing of my thoughts, actions, manners, or tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly constitute yourself my biographer!" " Your—your—what ?" I queried. " My biographer," replied the stranger. " My name, sir, is North—Benjamin North—and I've taken some little trouble, let me tell you, to come here to-night, that I may have the satisfaction of a personal explana ion with the gentleman who has baen good enough to write my life." I -sat back in my chair speechless, overcome with the variety of emotions which crowded upon me. But what, perhaps, oppressed me more than any, was the thought that I had been basely tricked and deceived. Tish Benjamin North— red-faced, commonplace, fat little person, the prototype of that liigh-souled and gentle man whose career I had traced with so loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it were indeed true, then I had been deeply wronged : robbed of what is dearest to the writer's heart—a noble ideal. " I thought I should surprise you," he resumed, " and I'm glad to find that you have at least the grace to be silent. But d on' suppose I've come all the way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting I had a definite object in view—an object, moreover, I intend shall be accomplished before I return." He paused for a moment, whether from excitement or want of breath I was unable to determine, but quickly continued in an impressive tone, contrasting ludicrously with liis appearance, " You, sir, have done me a serious injury." As he said -these words I felt inclined to break into a hysterical laugh at the absurdity of the accusation, but with a strong effort I controlled myself. " I do not," I observed, "quite understand what grounds you have for complaint." No sooner had I spoken than I would have given much to recall the sentence. The effect upon Mr. North was so decided as to cause ine serious alarm. His face became purple, and I feared every instant to see him roll off his seat in a fit of apoplexy. The horrible thought forced itself upon me : what if I were left with the corpse of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, however, I was spared that calamity, for, recovering himself, he again addressed me, this time almost savagely— " ' Grounds for complaint!' he echoed. ' Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regarding which, by the way, you are about as far wrong as a man can be, where, may I ask, did you find authority for the character you have given me?" The question certainly nonplused me not a little. "I—I must allow," I answered, " I drew that from my imagination." " ' Imagination !' he replied in an accent of the most profound contempt. ' Exactly ; you novel-writers seem to fancy that the moment you have uttered shibboleth "Imagination" the last word has been said. It never occurred to you, I suppose, to think what my feelings might be on the subject V " I confess," I returned, somewhat humbly, " I had not given that point the consideration it doubtless deserved. You must remember, however," I added in extenuation, " that you had been dead some seventy years or more. Moreover, I took the precaution of changing your name." " 4 That's good,' retorted the little man, swinging his legs to and fro with addi tional force. Really, you are too considerate. And such a disguise, too ! Nobody, of course, coidd possibly recognise Benjamin North under the pseudonym of Benjamin South.' "The two names are at least as far apart as the poles," I suggested with a vacuous smile, hoping to turn the matter into a humorous channel. " ' Egad ! you've a pretty wit,' he answered, *a 'mpBt .Vaxang wasmer—* Da£axn£, gir 1 I've, khown a man ran through the bbdy fop i worse joke.' J I hastened to express my satisfaction that the quality of mine was not such as to call down upon me a similar fate. But I spoke to regardless ears, for, paying no heed to my. interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to the attack:— " ' Come, sir, let's have a look at this precious book of yours. You've a copy under your hand, I see. There are one or two passages I'd like to have the pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Suppose we begin with page twentynine !' The consternation visible upon my face at this proposal brought back my interlocutor to a pleasanter state of things, and a look of marked content settled upon his features as he said, with a grim chuckle, 'It isn't every day an author has the privilege of declaiming his own productions to so appreciative an audicnce.' Recognising the futility of resistance, I took up the volume and opened it at the point indicated. As I read, the words seemed to take a new and unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that they were the same which, an hour ago had appeared so full of power and descriptive insight. " 4 The laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,' I began, in a hard, spasmodic voice, ' while working towards the same ends, have each their different methods of attaining results. With the former the thing that is precious is too often hidden beneath a valueless husk ; with the latter seldom or never. So it was in Benjamin South's case. The noble soul within was .adumbrated by the lofty expression of his face ; the unconscious yearnings of a higher nature were traced upon every line of his features. Tall and meagre, almost to emaciation, his very person indicated a disregard for all sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shamestricken and abashed, leaving him pure and unsullied as the soft whites light of the crescent moon. " " ' It's a little mixed,' said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but it describes me to the life. And your elocutionary style brings out the points with such vividness, that you really must allow me to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it's the most entertaining reading I have met with for a long time.' Unwilling as I felt, there was nothing for it but to do as he requested. •" He,was gifted," 1 proceeded, " with a mind of singuarly analytical and introspective type, possessed, too of an unequalled faculty of projecting itself into the future, and of bringing back thence much that would have proved, elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, The potentiality of his presence was apparent under any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom he came in contact, and may perhaps be best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surprise anyone that a mind so purely subjective in its action should have had its-weak point, and it must be admitted that synthetically South's was a comparative failure. The creative faculty had been in a great measure denied to him, and herein he fell short of greatness. But in saying so much I do no more than allow that he was one of those, who only just miss attaining the heights upon which men of the noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived."' ' Thank you!' said my guest, whose face during the recital of the preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's very fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp the meaning. Besides, it makes me sleepy, and I have one or two matters to set right before I leave.' I laid aside the book with a sigh of relief. For the first time in my life I had found the pages dull. Mr. North's next remark surprised me not a little: You're not married of course V he said. 'No ' I answered, 'but why " of course" V * Then he continued, disregarding my question, 'in describing the relations existing between my wife and myself you drew, I presume upon your imagination again V " Yes " I replied with some enthusiasm, I pictured to myself the indissoluble union of two souls, bound together by no earthly tie, but merged the one into the other by the sublime alchemy of a divine hand." " Thank you !" he said drily. " When I want extracts I'll refer to the book itself. You certainly have a pretty powerful imagination." I looked down, colouring a little at the direct compliment. " You hadn't the pleasure of knowing Hippy, I think ?" he asked. ' "Hippy? '"I repeated interrogatively. " I mean, the late Mrs. North ?" ^ No,'' I replied. "Ah," he went on in a dreamy way, You nnssed a great treat." Then, rousing himself, he leaned forward in his chair, holding the arms firmly so as to prevent himself from falling, and in a hoarse whisper addressed me : "If there ever was a shrew and a termagnat born into this world, it was my wife." The intensity with which the words were spoken bore evidence to their truth. If other proofs had been wanted, it would have been found in the expression of hatred and fear apparent on the speaker's face. To me the shock although painful, was not altogether unexpected. Already one illusion had been swept away, and now I could bear with a certain degree of calmness the loss of the second. " My dear sir," I said, " I beg that you will not excite yourself. I think I begin to understand the object of your coming to-night. Let me assure you that any statement you may desire to make will be not only impartially judged by me but treated as wholly private." " Private !" he interrupted with an angry wave of the hand. " Egad, sir, the greater the publicity the better I'll be p pleased. You don't suppose I came here merely to set myself right with you ?" I thought it prudent to pass over in silence the slur implied by his words. " If I have injured you in any way," I said with chilling courtesy, "I am prepared to do whatever lies in my power to place the matter upon its right basis," d S T . My assurance appeared to give Mr. • North profound satisfaction. He eat back in his place once more, and .&fter; » \, little preliminary cough began to raeak. " That's all I ask for," he said,•>" when I've told you the real facts" of th^'V case I shall expect you to make them as I widely known as the imaginary detapa':S|f contained in that volume." • - ^ " It's very disappointing to you, I adt put^ilO»• I quite understand 'what Is^'! jecting oneself into the future,' but iiiiB^ 1 case the nearest approach to the process^ I take it, was when my father tfeeatenedj^l to kick me into the middle Of next;^^ on account of some youthful escapade,- As to the other complimtary things you \ have been good enough to say of me, 'I'm \ sorry to confess they're quite beyond my comprehension. ' >.< " I was a little bit of a harum-scarum j fellow ; but I never wanted for friends. And those were the days, let me tell you, ^J sir, when a man did'nt shrink, from his second, or even his third, bottle of wine and when the nights were all too short for the fun and frolic we sought to crowd into J them. . Perhaps we weren't so liberally gifted with imagination as the present generation; but, by gad, sir 3 we were j ready enough to back up our opinions ; with solid facts if required. \- ' " I was barely thirty when my father died, leaving me a snuggish bit of property. It didn't represent a fortune *e£;; course, but the income yielded by -it svips; sufficient for all wants and a few luxuries. over and above. Alas my seeming good fortune was to prove the cause of my ruin, J for from the day on which Hypatia learned ~ the .news of my altered circumstance^she ; made up her mind that I should be her husband. 3 . ' At this point his vofce sank to a deep and impressive tone:— " For ten years she gave me no peaca, L. following me from place to place with thfc tenacity of a bloodhound. From thebft~ | ginning I knew that there was no.hope ? for me, but I died hard. I racked :my ti brain for excuses. I threw obstacle after * obstacle in her way, yet all to no purpose. | It was only a question of time, and she knew it. The moment at last came wlien. " I could struggle no longer, but found myself forced to yield up my freedom at the " altar of our village church. . v SI " Then began for me a life of unutfcer-? able misery. The late Mrs. North was a woman of noble proportions, while, as „ you have possibly observed, I am not myself & Hercules. When, therefore, as.wai her wont, she placed her back agaiM§6^hg ! door protesting that I should no 1. visit my old haunts and cronies, I not but recognise how vain was the powc of prayer to move her from tlie positiph; r "I became depressed and moody." ; i ''" my former buoyancy deserted me;,! when by chance I encountered an ;^ acquaintance, I shrank away fromVpresence out of pure shauie.. " Two years passed and my wife-ielf ; ill. What the disease was can be of -STo" interest to you, but by the village docto" it was pronounced to be deadly, it i'v my sad duty," conthiued thespeakeir w a curiously comic glance at. t myself, communicate to her the terrible gence. •• j;';^. "The habit of obedience had |jyf time become so engrained in my nai that I did not even dare'to take advaaii^ge of her helplessness, but xemainod|^^i.; stantly at her side. Upon thisj indeed,' she insisted; and as her malady did iiot confine her to bed I ax^uiesp^in"'!" ~ wishes with my tfsual alacrity. . "As the end drew near she be. imbued with a most unjust suspicion ^ her death would not be unwelcome toine. I cannot tell you, sir," said the little man; with a break in his voice and 'making believe to wipe away a tear, " how^deeply;; this delusion pained me. S "And now, sir, what do you think the inhuman mpnster did ? You are aware that I had purchased the arsenic to giw I to the horses. Impressed by the idea I have mentioned, and determined tha,t;I : should not be left to rejoice in my' new-S found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning; herself, well knowing how fatal to myself 1 the consequences must prove. - And, being a woman largely gifted with the courage.^ of her convictions, she actually did it. " Exhausted by the narration of his" wrongs, Mr. North paused here. For my own part I.hardly knew what to think of so extraordinary a story. In a moment L . or two, however, he resumed f . " That, sir, is the truth. Now are you convinced of the wrong you have done to me?" "Yes," I admitted; "your version 1 - certainly throws a new light upon the incidents." " Be assured it is the correct one, 'and accordingly, sir, I claim the fulfilment of your promise, and ask that you will clear 7 my character from the tissue of falsehood ' —don't be offended, sir, for.it is a tissue of falsehood—witli which your imagination; has interwoven it." You mean," I answered somewhat reluctantly, "that I shall place before the public the particulars you have just communicated ?" "Exactly." - " ;; I sighed as I thought of my lost ideal; but I had pledged my word. "As yoil will," I replied. " I promise." Good !" he rejoined. Then suddenly changing the subject, " By the wa^, have you ever noticed the peculiar gonfonnation of that bust over your lieacF?" -£ : "No," I answered, looking in the direction indicated ; " I don't know that have. Perhaps," I suggested, turning again towards him, "it is the effect of " I stopped. The chair before me was empty. 