THE condition, and prospects of the gold mining industry as shown by the returns for the year are very satisfac tory. The total yield in 1885 was 783,671 oz, as against 774,330 oz in 1684, and 740,373 ezin 1883. Last year’s yield, therefore, -exceeded-tbat of 1884 by 9341 oz, and .that of 1883 by 43,298,0 z. The manner; in which the amount of the yield has been arrived at is as .follows: . ..ox. Victorian (fold received at li.iL Mint .. 737,000 .Returned or resold to bnnka, for -export, in bars .. .. •• •• •• 87,023 Cjold minted .. - - - 650,037 .550, exported .. .. .. • • 87,010 737,047 Add difference between 24,077 oz (carried oyer in Mint returns from 1884 to 3885) and 34,023 oz (carried over from 1885.t0 • 3880 10.840 Add.-ddifference between 50,034 oz (held 'by backs on. 81st December, 18S4), and oz (held on 31st December, 1885) ..35,177 *.Ket yield for 1885 .. .. .. 783,071 Net yield for 1884 ;774,330 ••Increase for ISBS .. .. ... .0,341 •The .permanent prosperity of the colony greatly depends upon this upward tendency of the gold yield continu ing, and there is no reason why it should not only continue but be accelerated. That there is still abundance of the precious metal in .the -colony is not a question open to discus sion, aud all that is needed to produce: an increased yield is a greater applica- i tion of capital and improved appliances; to the industry. The comparative suc cess of the last year’s operations will, no .doubt, serve as a stimulus in both directions, and we hope that when the returns dor the present year are made up they will show a still more marked improvement. Ten years ago the annual yield was over a million ounces, hut it gradually de clined until 1879, when the total yield was only 718,208 .oz. That decline had a most injurious effect upon mining, since it encouraged a belief that the industry was well-nigh played out, and capital was, as a consequence of this belief, more sparingly in vested in mining pursuits. Not withstanding the disadvantages under which it was prosecuted, mining has in the intervening six years not only held its own, hut the yield of gold lias increased by no less than 65,463 oz, as compared with that of 1879\. We are justified in regarding the latter year as a transition period, when the old surface workings were giving place to mining under more scientificauspices. Everyoneacquainted with mining knows than there is an ample amount of material to he operated upon, wide belts of auriferous country traversing the colony, in many parts of which only the feeblest efforts at development have yet been made. The great desideratum, in addition to an intelligent comprehension of their duties by the men who are called, upon to direct oper;itions under the new conditions of mining is such a per fection in the chemical and mechanical appliance* in connection with gold mining as will enable the poorer matrices to be manipulated at a profit. We have urged, as our readers are aware, a searching investigation abroad by persons thoroughly competent to make it into all the means adopted for reducing the cost of gold production. It would be neither wise nor benevolent to look for this result in the lowering of miners’ wages. Considering the hazardous nature of their calling miners are now but poorly remunerated. What should be aimed at is, by impi’oved modes of working and with the aid of better appliances, to increase the proportion of gold won to the amount of labor expended upon its production, and thereby to add to the profits of the industry an amount which would'at once provide for a larger interest on the capital invested, and higher wages for the working miners. We may expect that the increasing appre ciation of gold, as shown by the general declension in the price of other commodities, will attract more capital to mining, and it is to the interest of the whole community that that movement should be encouraged by stimulating invention in the direc tion of the more economical - work ing of mines. Some discussion has lately taken place as to whether the .aid which the State may give to mining can best be afforded by seeking information as to the best moans of savinggold whichisnowlost in thecourse •of extraction and encouraging improve ments in appliances, or in the search for hitherto undiscovered deposits of the precious metal. Encouragement should obviously be given in both directions.' In no better mode could a portion of the public revenue be ex pended than in indicating fresh fields for the profitable employment of capital and labor, .and there is a like justifica tion for expending public money in pointing out the means by which more profitable results may be obtained from mining operations. We have already said that some reform is needed in tho mode of allocating the prospecting vote, and we hope that our remarks : on that subject wilLload to the. special -know ledge: of:. the: •mining, community -itself being henceforth relied on for 'determin ing the mode -in, which ’State aid to mim ing shall bemdministered. ilf, as econo mists say, the -purchasing power of gold has greatly Increased-owing to the falling off in the yield simultaneously in all parts -of the 'world, a vigorous effort should be:.niade by Government and Parliament to-promote’an; industry,! the produce of which so markedly en hances the purchasing, po-wer •of the; colony, and tends to enrich all classes' of the community in.a greater degree than the product of any other indus trial pursuit. Since the .'re-opening of the Stock Exchange -on Tuesday last, after the holidays, the aspect of mining affairs has brightened very materially, and at present there are strong grounds for the belief that themining industry will experience -a-marked expansion and u ring the year now commenced. The good news from the Perry No. .1 .not only enhanced the value-of the stock, hut also caused a-stir;-in all the Berry group, as also iu many other mines in sympathy, and,’ besides, imparted quite anew tone to the-share.market, re minding one-of the furore created a short time ago by the discovery in the Hepburn Estate. On Tuesday, Berry No. and opened with sales at 655, but during the day the de mandforthe stock increased, and sales were made up to 675--6d, with shares scarce at the close. On :that .day Berry Consols were only marketable at 119 s, and Berry Consols Extended at 20s 6d. On the.followiiig day, how ever, the favorable news- regarding the No. 2 bore sent the-stock up to 90s, Berry Consols going .up .to 138 s, and Berry Consols Extended to 275, and all showing a further upward ten dency. The amount of business-trans acted in this group of stocks was very large, and there seemed to boa strong feeling .that there would eventually be a great ex tension of mining in the district in question. On Thursday : a telegram from the Berry Ne. -I mine, stating that No. 3 bore was the same height as the previous two, with gold,.caused an immense demand for the shares, and they sold up to 101 s, -closing ’firm, Berry Consols at the same time going up to 1475, and Berry -Consols Ex tended to 355. On Friday Berry No. 1 went still higher, being taken-at 103 s, but they subsequently cased,-and were quitted down to 955. Berry Consols and Berry Consols Extended also showed a tendency towards lower rates. On Saturday Berry No. 1 bad a large business, but at somewhat fluc tuating rates, between 96s and 925, closing with buyers at the latter figure. Berry Consols closed pretty firm, with sales at 1425, and Berry Consols Ex tended were taken at 32s 6d. The weekly report of the manager of the Berry No. 1 gives the ■ result of the operations as follows : —“ During the week we have put up five bores. No. •1 went through at 30 feet, in gold ; ,Nq. 2, 100 feet from No. 1, went through at 30 feet, in gold; No. 3, 100 feet from No. 2, went ,through at 30 feet in gold; No. 4 ICO feet from No. 3 up to 50 feet, not through, and knocked off; No. 5 between Nos. 3 and 4 through at 3S feet ,in gold. These bores prove the ground : rising e.'tsterly. All other worksprogressing as usual.” It would therefore seem that the prospects of the company are of a very promising character. Hepburn Estate in the latter.end of the week advanced very considerably, with a good business, sales being made from 126 s to 1365, closing with buyers on Saturday at £6 14s, and sellers at ,£6 16s. Earl Beacousfield were in demand on Saturday at as high as 455, and sellers held cut for 50s. In the early part of the week there were some transactions in the Australasian group at current rates, but these stocks were quiet on Friday and Saturday. Egerton, which have lately been going up, had a very large business on Friday, with sales as high as 39s 6d. Black Horse have also been in improved demand of late; on Saturday they changed hands at 26s 6d. Madame Berry had a few transactions at current rates, but shares continue scarce in the market. Lord Harry have of late changed hands freely at upward rates, and there were buyers at the close on Saturday at 655. Lone Hand have also been in fair de mand at firm rates. Spring Hill and Central were in good demand in the earlier part of the week, but they changed hands at easier rates on Satur day. Rothschild had a little business at the close of the week at 3s and 2s lOd ; Moorookyle kept steady, with occasional transactions. Band and Albion were somewhat quiet last week, hut they changed hands on Saturday at current rates. All the other com panies at the Redan are pushing ahead vigorously, hut the- works of several of them, though promising -well eventu ally, are at present only in the pro gressive stage. In Ballarat East there is no new feature in mining operations, and the Buninyong dis trict is also quiet, though the Bun inyong Estate, the Desoza, and others are expected to make a stir after a time. The starting of the Springrlallah Smelting Company, at Piggoreet, the prospectus of which is before the public, is an enterprise which seems to promise well, and which, if successful, is likely to give anew impetus to quartz mining not only in that district, but else where, as improved methods of gold saving come into operation. It is satisfactory to note that, notwith standing the mining depression last year, the total yield of gold in the colony was about 783,671 oz, or an increase of 9341 oz on that of 1884. In the Ballarat division, as shown by the returns furnished by the mining registrar, Mr D. Christy, the total returnfor the past quarter was 13,1650 z 5 dwt 12 gr; while that for the pre vious quarter was 13,222 oz. The falling off in the dividends was. more noticeable, those for the September quarter amounting to £11,672, while the dividends for the past quarter only reached £3OBl. ■ This decline, however, may be in some degree accounted for by the large amount of progressiva work going for ward, The deepest workings in the division are those of the Band; and Albion, which range from 1000 to 1090 feet; the yield per ton was 12 dwt 16’73 gr, the highest obtained by any any of the large companies. Mad dern and party obtained H dwt 11-63 gr per ton from 83 tons crushed. The total number of juinerg at work in the division,' is 1689, of whom 240 are Chinese. The -total value of the min ing plant in'the division is estimated at £113,400. , During: the present year many,: progressive companies in the central division,'as also in the surround ing districts, imay fairly he expected to add largely to the local gold returns, and -what with the recent discoveries of the Hepburn Estate and Berry Ho. 1 and the diamond drills at work, and the new spirit’of enterprise manifested and the probable introduction of im proved gold-saving .appliances, the mining industry in this direction pro mises a largely-increased development. The following dividends were, declared during the past week:—Hew Kong Meng, Ts; Newington and Pleasant Creek (final), 7d; ’ Ristori West, 2s 6d; Hew North dunes, ss. The correspondence per Orient s.s. Garonne will reach nhe Ballarat Post Office by first train, this morning. ~ | The sudden death at Daylesford of Mr Thomas Fitzgerald, brother of Mr J. J. Fitzgerald,-J.F., of this City, was reported in Ballarat yesterday afternoon. When the news of thosad occurrence was circulated in. the City last night feelings of regret and sur prise were expressed—regret at the loss of a gentleman who . was universally respected, and surprise that one apparently so healthy and vigorous -should be out o(f in the bloom of youth. The deceased, who was not more than 32 years of age, was well known in connection with the Bridge street ware house of Messrs Fitzgerald Bros., and also at Ballau and Egertou, where for many years he condccted a .branch of the Ballarat business. WJiat makes the death of Mr Fitzgerald all the more sad is the fact that Miss Kate Fitzgerald, the sister of the de ceased, is now lying seriously ill in Ballarat, no hopes being entertained of .her recovery. We arc informed that a requisition, numerously signed, will be presented to day to the Hon. Duncan Gillies, asking him to stand for Maryborough ,at the ensuing Parliamentary election.” Ex-mayor Walker, of Ballarat East, has definitely decided to come forward for the constituency of Grant. 1 here is some talk of taking steps to in duce Mr E. Steiufeld to come forward as a candidate for the seat ’in the Legislative Council which will be vacant ere long by the retirement of the Hon. G. :F. Belcher. Messrs Salter, Gore, and Ham, J’s.P., are also said to he probable candidates. Mr George Russell has intimated his in tention of again contesting Grenville at the furthcoming general election. In our adver tising columns Mr Russell notifies that he will hold meetings in various portions of the electorate, at which he will explain his poli tical views. An encyclical letter from Pope Leo was read to the congregation by. the Rev. Father Cleary at the conclusion of the 11 o’clock mass yesterday at St. Patrick’s Cathedral. The epistle, which occupied three-quarters of an hour in reading, dealt solely with “ The Christian constitution of States.” Encyclical letters similar to that read in Ballarat yes terday are in the hands of the R.C. arch bishops and bishops in other parts of the world. Our Melbourne correspondent on Saturday writes:—“The wharf laborers’ strike still continues, and is daily assuming greater pro portions, and unless a satisfactory settlement is speedily arrived at, the results will be more serious than have hitherto been contem plated. The men brought from Adelaide to work on the Corangarnite have all joined the strikers, but the shipowners do not regard this as of much consequence to themselves, as they consider that daring the ensuing fortnight they will bo able to glut the labor market with men from the other colonies. Pickets from the Union are busily engaged in the work of ‘ persuading ’ new workmen to go on strike, and .have, so far, been successful in preventing the shipowners from conducting their business in a satisfac tory maimer. Work on the vessels at the wharf is progressing slowly, and great pre cautions are taken to protect the laborers from the persuasive influence of the Union pickets. The plasterers’ strike is now con sidered to he virtually at an end, as most of the firms have acceded to the men’s demands, and it is represented that the disagreement between the Mill Laborers’ Union and em ployers is not so significant as previously an nounced.” We are informed that at the next meeting of the Cabinet six members of the police force, at present holding the rank of sergeant, hut who have passed the officers’ examination, will he promoted to the rank of sub-inspector, so that they may perforin duty in connection with the new Licensing Act. It is said that the present sub- inspectors of police are averse to acting in connection with the new licensing law, and the Chief Secretary has suggested the promotion of the eligible sergeants. Should the promo tions slated take plaee—six sub-inspectors will be required—it is more than probable that a couple of Ballarat non-commissioners of police will be raised in the service. Each sub-inspector will receive a salary of £3OO per year. The recent Chinese stabbing case in the Ballarat East Chinese Camp assumed a some what ludicrous aspect on Saturday. Ton Hoime, the man who was stabbed, was on that day discharged from the Hospital as cured. He at once found his way down to the lock-np at Ballarat East, round which he hung about for some time. Sergeant Lever ton taxed his powers of persuasion to the utmost, hut to no purpose, so that the frac tious Celestial was lodged in the lock-up on a charge of vagrancy. When questioned sub sequently by Mr Leo Young, jun., as to his reason for not going home, Ton Houno re fused to give any satisfactory answer. His only reply was that ho wanted the bench to deal with him. A knowledge of Chinese customs may, however, furnish the reason. It appears that when any Celestial gets any of his countrymen into trouble with the authorities, the other Chinamen in the camp make things rather unpleasant for him. He has to apologise to “Joss” for his con duct, ami also to undergo the displeasure of his countrymen, which occasionally takes the unpleasant form of inflicting chastise ments. In connection with this case, it may be mentioned that doubts are entertained as to Ton Houue’s sanity, and the theory has been started that the wound he sustained was self-inflicted. We understand that at the next meeting of the Mining Manager’s Association the question as to the advisability of having a Victorian Mining Council will be con sidered. The return match between the instructors of the 3rd Battalion and a team from the Beaufort Rifle Club was fired off at the Battalion butts on Saturday, and resulted in a victory for the soldiers. The Beaufort team were minus the services of some of their best shots, but it is questionable if they could have won under any circum stances, when opposed to such well-known shots as Color-Sergeant Duhherlin, Lieu tenant Hennah, and Sergeant-Major Brench ley. The conditions of the match were seven shots and a sightcr at 300, 400, aud 500 yards, and the scores were as follow: Instructors—3oo yards, lfiG;4oo yards, 229; 500 yards, 207: total, 002. Beaufort—3oo yards, 137; 400 yards, 205; 500 yards, 174; total, 516. Majority for instructors," 86 points. The top scorer of the match was Color-Sergeant Duhherlin with 92, Mr Thomas, of Beaufort, being second highest, and the top for his side, with 84. During the match a short adjournment was made for luncheon at the house, on the ranges, and at the conclusion of the shoo tin" both teams sat down to dinner at Host Maddison’a Robin Hood hotel. Both victors aud vanquished enjoyed themselves until the time came for the visitors to re turn home by the lust train. A man named Ryan accidentally fell from a seat at the circus on Saturday night, and sustained a number of slight bruises. He attended at. tljc Hospital yesterday morning, where his injuries were attended to. On Saturday evening a cowardly assault was committed by a well-known character named David Wilson upon Mrs Rnshworth, a resident of Soldiers Hill. It appears that Mrs Rnshworth was standing near Mr Archer’s hairdressing. establishment in Bridge street, waiting for her husband, when Wilson approached and made use of bad language, at the same time grasping the woman by the arms. Mrs Rushworth managed to free herself from the clutches of her assailant, ami proceeded along Bridge street; but the man followed her and struck her a severe blow In the" back, The victim of the assault called her husband, iybo now-close , by; and the husband followed , Wilson, and' eventually gave him into.the custody of Constable M'Leod, who lodged him in the Town lockup on a charge of un j lawful assault. Wilson has been before the I bench ; on numerous occasions, and has re j ceived several sentences. He will be brought up at the Town Court tliis morning. . -i i Mr M..Levinson, of Ballarat, has applied for a patent for improvements in the con struction of safety cages in mines, elevators, lifts, and hoists, and apparatus for stopping or preventing their fall. The, week of united prayer in connection with the Ballarat Evangelical Alliance—and . which has been observed by. similar institu tions, throughout the world—closed on Fri day night. To-night there will be .a united communion service in the Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street. The Rev. W. L. Binks will be the presiding minister, and the sermon on the occasion will be preached by the Rev. Dr Roscby. The Revs. J. M‘Counell and G. H. Cole will deliver addresses after the communion. Intending comraunionists may obtain tickets entitling them to partake of the sacrament from their respective pastors. The service will commence at 8 p.m. The Christmas holidays in connection with the State schools throughout the colony ter- I minuted at the close of last week, and school duties will be resumed to-day, to the no small satisfaction, no doubt, of many parents. The Roman Catholic schools at Redan will also commence duties to-day. We have received another of Cassell’s Rainbow' series of original novels, entitled, “Morgan’s Horror,” by George Mayville Feun. It is a romance of the West Country, giving some vivid sketches of the Cornish coast and the fishing villages. The story is a thrilling one, and told in the author’s best style. The rainfall in Buninyong, according to Mr D. M. Davies’ gauge, from Wednesday to Friday lost week, was inches. The sports held at Carngham on New Year’s Day in aid of the local widows’ and orphans’ fund have proved a financial suc cess. The proceeds of the gathering, which took place in the Hon. P. Russell’s paddock, amount to over £9O. With reference to the late deputation from the Ballarat Fine Arts Gallery, asking for a portion of the City Council’s reserve in Camp street, the finance committee of the council will to-day report that they “ fully sympathise with the desire of the committee of the Fine Arts Gallery to have a building of their own, but it is not in the power of tile council to devote any portion of the ground asked for to any object other than that stated in the Crown grant under which it is held by the corporation. The prayer of the deputation cannot, therefore, be granted.” The rlflnor that the Hon. P. Russell, M.L.C., is about to retire from Parliamen tary life is without foundation. Mr Rus sell, it is true, has not been in good health for some time past, but he expects to be able to take his seat in the Legislative Council when Parliament.assembles. A little girl named Melrose met with an accident in Humlfray street, Ballarat East, on Saturday morning. She was being wheeled in a perambulator by an elder sister, when some of the wheels got into a crevice of the .wood-work of a footbridge, and caused the tiny conveyance to capsize. The occupant of the perambulator, who was thrown out, sustained injuries to the face and arms. The finance committee of the City Council have accepted tenders as follows for land held for non-payment of rates :—Land at Skiptou street, the .Young Men’s Debating Society, at £l3 10s per annum; land at Macarthur street, .Mrs Walsh, at £2 per annum; land at Gregory street, Craddock, at £1 5s per annum. Cr Shoppee, who has reported to the City Council on matters entrusted to him for en quiry during his late visit to England, says regarding the removal of weeds from Lake Wendouree ; —Although the result of my en quiries on this subject is thus very barren there is yet a negative benefit arising from it, viz., that we are not very likely to obtain advice or experience elsewhere, and that all efibj-ts towards improvements must bo made by ourselves. We have received a romance, “Vahine,” by Aubrey Haine, published by A. Redfcru, Brunswick. The January number of “ Once a Month ” is also to baud, with its budget of good things. A short and appreciative notice, with portrait of Dr Lang, worthily occupies the space allotted to the gallery of eminent Australians. Wc notice that the Ballarat College has again been remarkably successful at the mati icnlation examinations of the Melbourne University, Out of 15 pupils sent up 13, cl an average of over 8(1 percent., passed, no fewer than eight passing in every subject en tered for, while only 30 per cent, of those sent up from the whole colony passed. The successful candidates were—Frank Shaw, William Francis Orr, Harold Webb, Theo- dore Adeney, Robert Gribble, G. V. Old- ham, Henry Meyers, J. J. McGowan, and Misses J. Hamilton, Jessie Irving, F. Eyres, and Kate Henderson. Of the successful candidates, six entered for history and four passed, 13 for Latin and 11 passed, 13 for algebra and 12 passed, 12 for French and II passed, 13 for English and all passed, 13 for arithmetic and all passed, 13 for geometry and all passed, nine for physics and all passed, and five for Greek and all passed. The Ballarat College thus stands third among the schools in Victoria in the num ber of successful candidates, being only sur passed by the Presbyterian Ladies’ College and the Scotch College, while outside of Melbourne our local institution is far and away ahead of all other schools. Drills in connection with the 3rd Battalion will be resumed this evening, when A Com pany will assemble, at 7.30, at the Orderly Room. B, C, and D Companies will parade at the same hour on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings respectively. Half day drills will be held on next Friday and Saturday, at 3 p.m. Of the 856 recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum during the past week 258 were children. During the past week 111 inpatients and 304 outpatients received treatment at the Ballarat District Hospital. Two deaths oc curred. Dr Eastwood will be the hon. medical officer, and Dr Ochiltree the hon. surgical officer, for the week. The matron of the Female Home desires to thank Mr Jebb, of Creswick, for a box of hats for the use of the inmates. The police are doing their best to clear Grenville street north of the doubtful characters who infest it at night time. On Saturday night, whilst Inspector Parkinson and Constable Spillane were in the locality, they observed two women named Dorothy Hide, alios Chapman, and Sarah Cox, be having indecorously, and arrested them on a charge of insulting behaviour. The woman Hide is a noted character in the City and Town, having once occupied a good position in society, but this she lost through drink, and became a wreck. Cox is a stranger, having recently arrived from Maryborough. The case of the youth O’Donohue, whose skull was_ fractured in the Australasian Ex tended mine on Friday, is a very sad one. He was taken to the Creswick Hospital, and on Saturday morning he recovered from the con cussion, but soon after developed symptoms of compression, which required operation. The skull was trephined at the seat of the injury, and some pieces pressing on the brain raised, when it was found that the fracture involved the whole of the skull, besides which the main blood vessel was wounded, so that there is no, or but little, hope of his re covery. Constable Spillane, who is doing plain clothes duty in the City, is certainly show ing his fitness for the important duties ho has been set apart for. On the 19th of De cember a black horse was stolen from a man named William Nall, a resident near Nhill, and suspicion attached itself to a groom named John Henry Francis Wilson. The latter was known to be in Ballarat, and on Saturday Constable Spillane, hearing that a box was coming by train for Wilson, but in another name, he watched. On the box being claimed, the constable interviewed the recipient, and, his appearance tallying with that of the person for whom the warrant« as out, arrested him. The latter then ad mitted being the Wilson who was “ wanted.” He will be brought before the City Court this morning and remanded to Nhill. Mr Philip Hauser has been appointed chairman of the board of advice for the school district of the Borough of Smythes dale. The re-arrangement of the duties of the County Court judges, consequent upon the retirement of Messrs Trench and Nolan, has now been . completed by the Crown Law Department. It has been arranged that Judge Quinlan shall take the Western dis trict, Judge Hicltmnn Molesworth the Gipps land district. Judge Casey _ the Ballarat district, Judge Chomley.the Midland district, and Judge Worthington the Northern dis trict. Hia Honor Judge Cope will remain on the Supreme Court beuch,until-the end of June next. - . " The first meeting of the City Council for the new year will be Held at the usual hour j to-day. The fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum takes places this evening. On Saturday a little boy named Commons, son of a grocer in the City, was run over by a buggy in Sturt street, near the Northumber land hotel, but, fortunately, he escaped with slight injuries. We are informed that the man iu charge of the vehicle was grpatly to blame in the matter, as* he was driving at a furious rate along the thoroughfare. Mr T. E. Ochiltree, late of Buninyong, who for some time held a commission of the peace in the southern bailiwick, has resigned his position as a magistrate, but he has been rc-appoiuted to keep the peace with the j central bailiwick. The Government are advertising for candi i dates for employment in the Victorian Foot Police. Applications will be received at the Victoria Barracks on the 26th January and 2nd February. No candidates are at present required for the mounted force. Messenger Sloan, of the post and tele graph office, Allendale, resumed duty on Saturday, after his temporary suspension. The charges made against Master Sloan were of a trumpery character, and the Depart ment, as was expected, have ordered him to resume duty. Mr Richard Baker, M.P. for the AVim mera, has imported into Ballarat the prettiest pair of ponies we have seen in the district. No doubt the little beauties will do good service for the hon. member during the coming election campaign. One thing is sure—the ponies will bo admired by the electors whether they vote .for R. B. or not, but many think it will take a waggon and a team of bullocks to remove “ Richard” from his place in the House as representative of the Wimmora. The fifth event for Mr David Ham’s trophy was to have been sailed at Lake Wendouree on Saturday. Only four of the yachts took up their moorings, and the Ballarat passed the winning point first, but owing to a mis conception as to the course it was declared no race. The points for the trophy, there fore, stand the same as before:—Ballarat, 10; Pinafore, S; Darlie Bay, 7; Flying Scud. 6; Viola, 5. The event will bo sailed off on Saturday next. A preliminary meeting of Roman Catholic gentlemen was held yesterday at tire library, Dawson street, for the purpose of making arrangements with the view of erecting a now school house in the place of the one destroyed by fire at Redan some weeks ago. After the preliminaries had been arranged, it was de cided to call a general meeting of the gentle men of the congregation to take final steps before commencing building operations. A meeting of Homan Catholic ladies will bo held for the same object at the Loretto Con vent on Friday next. The Argus understands that the AA’ar breccan Estate, near Deniliquiu, consisting of 63,000 acres of freehold, has been sold by Sir Patrick Jennings to Air \V. M'Culloch, M.L.C. The price paid, it is said, was about £150,000. So far as the next Parliament is concerned (says the Aye), there is every promise that no very startling innovation will be brought forward by anybody'. The Woman’s Pro tection Bill may possibly be heard of again, but as it will be very little more than a rescr ipt of the bill which passed the English Houses last session, it can scarcely be scouted as an outrage upon cherished Conservative prejudices. The beer tax is an old familiar friend, whom we parted company with but the other day, ami cannot bo suspected of covering revolutionary designs. The ab sentee tax, we know, lias a hateful sound in certain quarters; but as it is in force in New Zealand, and has just been recom mended for public notice in New South Wales, the terrible charge of making Victoria an experimental colony for the benefit of its neighbors falls to the ground, on this score at any- rate, ilr Harper, it is true, threatens us with an alteration of the Edu cation Act; but be stands almost by himself, and the alteration be appears to desire is in the direction of the Canadian model; and however unwise and inexpedient it may be to make it, there will be nothing experi mental about it should it be made. Regales cat in puce. The Conservative Ogre is dead and buried, therefore, and for the present lot it rest in peace. Habits of mind soon leave their impression upon the face, and what sort of Assembly will it be if every Conservative who is confronted with anew Idea is to look as if he had seen a Ghost? Mrrk Tapley said he was forced to leave the Dragon “ in consequence of a want of jollity, sir!” and we suppose that even the Treasury Benches would not reconcile Mr W. Collard Smith to the gloom of the situation. The Hon. Graham Berry, Chief Secretary of Victoria and Agent-General in the prospective (says the Geelong Evening Star) arrived by the midday train from Melbourne to- day. Although a systematic touting expedition had been undertaken by one or two leading supporters of Mi- Berry to rally up” as many supporters as possible to accord the visitor a warm reception, the effort was -a complete failure, and was as much a surprise to the few who turned up as it was, no doubt, to Mr Berry himself. Mrs Berry accompanied her husband. Those on the platform to meet him mustered 10 all told, viz., Messrs Mark Coy, Morgan, Meakin, Davey, R. H. Sennett, 11. Bannister, Superintendent Toohey, and two representatives of the press. There was no cheering, and the re ception was altogether as cold as one could possibly imagine. Emigration from Italy is assuming propor tions which are disquieting the Government. During the first six months of the present year as many as 70,135 Italians quitted their native land, 56,000 finding a home in other European countries, and the rest crossing the seas. It is expected that the total emi gration for the year will lie not less than 200,000, and this is something altogether un precedented. The American “Mugwump” is (says the Pull Mall Gazette) a person who presumes to introduce into politics considerations higher than mere party success. In the United States he was the most persistent speaker, writer, and voter of the last Presidential campaign. Probably not a single qualified “ Mugwump” who was physically able to go missed recording his vote. It was the [ “ Mugwump” movement that achieved such a success iu the election of Cleveland. The Presbyterians of Carngham have de cided to build anew church on the site of the present edifice. A few years ago Messrs AlTCenzie, Crockett, and M‘Rae were ap pointed trustees of tffe building fund, ami among the kind persons who have since lent valuable assistance to the movement of pro viding money for the new church is the Hon, Philip Russell, M.L.C., who lias given annually, as a Now Year's gift, a donation of £lOO to the fund. The amount now in bank towards the cost of building the new church is about £7OO. The Rev. Air Drum mond has recently been appointed pastor of the Carngham Presbyterian Church, ami Ids ministrations have been productive of the best of results. Harmony prevails in all the work of the church, and satisfaction is iriven to all. The timber mill owners of New South Wales intend urging on the Government the necessity of increasing the duty on forei-m timber, which at present stands at Is on rough and 2s on dressed lumber per 100 feet. The Chief Commissioner of Police (says the Heralil) has telegraphed to Dandelion*' to direct that the black trackers shall be at once put on the trail of the man who stopped and robbed a young man named Thomas Toole at Camberwell. The man is believed to be identical with the one who committed the offence of highway robbery under arms on the Nunawading road on the 7th iust., and when last seen wore a long dark over coat and small black hat. Asa result of the inquest now being held in Christchurch on a man’s hand, a number of good stories are told of the anxiety of some coroners to hold inquests. Perhaps the best of these (says a Dunedin coutempo | rary) is one concerning an old Otago coroner. A man was found drowned in the Shotover River, and on inquest was held on him in due course. After the inquest the body was buried near the of the river, and a heavy flood sent it on its journey down the stream. The local constable received the remains, and a second inquest was Held, the same verdict being, given. The body’ was interred for the second time, but it was not allowed to remain in peace, as a.heavier flood than the first washed it once more into the river. The local Dogberry was mno h p er . turhed.and iionsnlttd the coroueraa to what course should be-pu-sued. That official told him to aummon-jite Jury,; and prepare for another inquest. rB-it an unexpected diffi culty arose in thejshape of the local medico, who firmly statedjtliat he “ had already held two' post-mortem) examinations upon that body, and wonldluot touch it again.” His tory does not record whether the- coroner passed on the hi sly to tlio next district, and so managed to compel a ' paternal Govern ment to dispense wore guineas for a body which had ahendjy been twice “ sat on.” ■- Not a little mjeashiess was*/occasioned in the best circles of society in St_ Petersburg, when it was learned that tile executors of the popular adjot ,M. Zelt, recently de- - ceased, had fount! -inong his papers no fewer than 5000 love Ifetlers addressed to him by female admirers! ia all ranks of -'life. Zelt was a lematkably handsome man, and these letters betrayed ill) amount of folly and in fatuation on thejput of the writers, which was scarcely credible. As they were of such a character as tq eoniproinise the character of many ladies in a good-position, the whole of the documents were committed to the flames. r In connection-:with the names of Kelly, Byrne, and Co., : £moa (says the AdvertiserJ has, and is likely- retain, some notoriety. The gentleman who tolls us the story, and. who is a stranger to the town, has a very graphic recollectio.i of the sensation which was created in the office of a-public depart ment, when the runes of Curnow, Byrne, and Kelly were consecutively out by a messenger as wishing an audience of “ the manager;? but an incident more 'apropos .occurred in connection with the gentlcman in question a few days ago'. Having occasion to [visit the National Bank, Enroa, (upon whiift- the Kellys made their successful descent! to claim “travelling expenses in connection with his department,'’ he set out, nrmeil with a stout cudgel; but I he differed slightly-frou Goldsmith, who did likewise on a somewhat similar occasion at Cork, inasmuch as our informant, in care less, travelling co-tuine, is as brigandish looking as possible. On presenting advice slip, “ advising payment,” the.clerk read the name, surveyed him for some time, and then refused to comply- with “instructions.” “ Does anyone in Euroa know yon, Mr Byrne?” “Oh, yes, Be-toft does. (Calling to a friend.) Come on,Frank, witness my signature.” The keen lampr of the above will be appreciated-by tio'sc who remember that Frank Bccroft was life unfortunate indi vidual who was compelld to drive Kelly, Byrne, and Curnow to the- bank on the memorable occasion of thisticking up of that institution by the gang.” The wharf laborers’ dispute (says the Anjits) was brought undi; the notice of the Trades Hall Council on Friday night by the secretary of the union, Mr Tucker. The members were incensed it the Employers’ Union having passed a resolution at its meet ing on Thursday evening calling upon all employers to support the shipowners during the contention with the Itaipers. The ma jority of the council seems! to regard this action as an open challeige to the trades, and looked upon the disuite as being no longer one between the slipping firms and the lumpers, but a trial oistrength between capital and labour. Regxcdiug it in this light, they unanimously missed a motion sympathising witli the wlarf laborers, and recommending the various xade societies to grant them pecuniary sn-iport during the currency of the contention, . A -resolution was subsequently carried, requesting the shipowners to submit the joints in dispute to the board of conciliaton recently op jminted by the Employers’ Union and the | council. The falling off in the import and export trade of Great Britain, which commenced in 1893, has been continued daring 1S85. The total imports in 1 SS.'i were- valued at £426,891,579; at the end of 1884 they had. dropped to £389,774,540, or a decrease of £37,117,030. The European telegrams state that last year’s imports- show a deficiency of £20,000,000 on those of the previous year, so that the total imports may be estimated at about £370,000,000. TIxe exports for 1883 represented £305,437,070. In 1884 they dropped to £295,371,290, or a deficiency of £10,065,780, and last year there was a further decrease of £16,000;000; so that the total exports were aiiont £280,000,000. The guard of a railway train has been murdered in the luggage van between Naples and Benevento by brigands, who rifled the van of its contents, which included a port manteau containing upwards of £400 in gold. 