'f Brevities.''^ E.M.S. Massilia leaves for London on Friday. The Soudanese ore fleeing before the British Jtroqps, i E.M.S. Alamada, from Sydney for 'Frisco, attired 1st Auckland yesterday. , The benefit concert to-night in the Protestant Hall {promises to be a great success, 1 His Excellency Lord Carrington has forwarded a ?donation of .£10 to the Soudan Encampment funds. ; Seven thousand two hundred and. seventy-seven .ounces of gold arrived from Queensland yesterday. ' The Turks are now complaining of the increase of .British troops in Egypt. There is no satisfying- some poople. ' : Sir John to be banqueted at Mudgee to-nieiit. ;The 'jaypil Dan,' not the Hon. Dan, but Cassia of 'that ilk will be in exceMs. ' j Mr. B. C. Craelcnell, superintendent of telegraphs, (banqueted in Compagnoni's, last night, by the officers of the Telegraph. Department. ' ! The British Government proposes a Local Govern ment Bill for the United Kingdom. But this (says ; Mr. Gladstone) will never do for Ireland. ! Business people delayed till after 10 this morning for the delivery of their letters. This is almost as smart as the suburban telegraph arrangements, i 'Pa,' said a little Burwood boy, 'what is 'a : ghost of a smile ?' 'A ghost of a smile,' the father replied, 'is something that is found in empty bottles.' The remains of Mr. A. W. H. Senior, the New i Guinea explorer, who was drowned in the harbor on 'New Year's Day, were interred in St. Thomas's Cemetery, North Shore, yesterday. I '* Very healthy place, Bourke,' said M'Toddy, ; ' we have 3 enters of souls, 4 limbs of the law, 5 dis ; counters of P.N'e., 108 bookkeepers, 571 civil ser j vants, 2 cemeteries, but only 1 doctor !' : Mr. Justice Gillies, of Auckland (N.Z.), has dis missed a summons in a case on the ground of want of j respect shown to the Court, because it was directed ? to Judge Gillies and not to Mr. Justice Gillies. ; In the Water Police Court, on Monday, Beauchamp ; Haugh was charged with having committed an iade : cent assault upon Gnllick Gnllickson. The employer . of the accused appeared and gave him a good charac ! ter, and he was discharged. - i The unemployed agitation in Auckland and Dune i-din has subsided for the present, work having been [found fox those willing to take it. In Auckland ; there is a strike in the building trade, carpenters 'objecting to a reduction of wages from 10s to 9s t-er !day. ; The New Zealand Times says that Alfred Hill, a : young musician of considerable local celebrity, has j been engaged as leader of the orchestra of Wilson ' and Majeroni's Opera Company, for the Christchnrch and Dnnedin seasons. Hill is now only 15 years of age. There are now three gas lampB between the bottom land the top of the Lavender Bay steps, North I Shore, two on the wharf, and also a good light in the 'waiting-room on the wharf. ' The Evening- News got them put up,' said a person on the wharf hist night. ; Scene — Race dinner in the back blocks. Sheep \- farmer of the old school has dined. Waiter : '? ' Finished sir ?' Sheep-farmer : ' Fats the charge?' I Waiter : 'Five shillin's, please.' Sheep-farmer ; (startled) -. Five shillin's 1 Weel I'm nae deen yet.' Resumes operations. Thus our Invereil correspondent : — At a meeting of the Free Selectors and Miners' Association in Els aiore, on Saturday, it was decided to present Mr. Vernon Beck, the retiring secretary, with a purse of sovereigns. Mr. Back has been most energetic in the management of the society There was a man once on a lame, who thought him wondrous wise. He swore by all the fabled gods he'd never advertise. But the goods were advertised ere long, and thereby hangs a tale. The 'ad ' was set in nonpariel, and headed ' Sheriff's Sale.' 'Do you allow drunken people on the tramP' asked an old gentleman of the conductor on a suburban line yesterday. ' Sometimes, but not when they are too drunk,* * was the reply. 'Just take a seat near the middle of the car and keep quiet, and you'll be all right.' At a remote polling place, during the recent New South Wales elections, an elector desiring to exercise the franchise, was asked as a favor by thereturning officer to 'hold hard, old man, till we've finished this hand.' The game was euchre — he pocketed the poll clerk's shilling, and then the serious bnsineBs at the ballot box proceeded. Lady (to grocer): 'I notice you keep cigars.' Grocer : ' Tos, mum. Only six shillings a box, mum.' Lady: 'Ib it possible? Why, my husband sometimes pays as high as a shilling a piece for cigars. You can send a couple of boxes. It's the height of folly for him to buy oigars at retail when they can be had for so much less by the box.' On a, medical examination being made of a boy named Hazelhnrst, who was supposed to have died from sunstroke, it was found that the whole body was covered with bruises, and there were also one or two small wounds. The boy had been hired out from the Industrial School in Christchnrch, New Zea land. Mr. Henry Green, the victim of the Bourke shoot ing tragedy, is processing favorably. It is under stood that Dr. Mockellar is averse to Mr. Green being shifted from his present quarters. It is un derstood (said the Centbai Australian) that the doctor was asked whether it would be safe to remove Mr. Green to Sydney, and he replied— Best leave well alone. A musical «ntertainment was given to the boys of the Young Workmen's Club in their rooms, Castle re&gh-street;, on Monday evening-, by tbe members of the Bathurst-street Literary Association and lady friends. The attendance was very good, and the boys thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The pianoforte was kindly lent for the evening by Paling and Co., of George-street. A respectably dressed woman travelled to Miller's Point in one of the omnibuses on Saturday night, and on getting out left her purse (a heavy one) in the 'bus. At the end of the journey the driver went inside the 'bus to trim the lamp and found the purse. On the return journey the woman stopped the 'bus and asked for her purse, whioh the driver handed to her, and she handed him ' one shilling,' and then walked away. Persons who travel in the 8.35 a.m. train, from Summerhill to Sydney complain that they very rarely can obtain seats. The carriages axe fairly ' rushed' at all the stations. There is a notioe on every car riage prohibiting persons from standing on the plat forms at the end, but the notice is ignored in the morning about the time mentioned. The same thing \- occurs every morning. Sorely an extra carriage or two could be put on. The statue of William Sefton Moorhouse, who was superintendent of Canterbury, N.Z., and the origi nator of the proposal to connect Lyttelton and Chratchnroh by tunnel, a work which was carried out with signal success, was unveiled in the Govern ment Domain, Christchurch, on December 22. The statue has been paid for by public subscriptions, and is the work of the eminent sculptor Lawson. The Governor performed the ceremony of unveiling, : Large and extensive bush fires have been burning Sn various parts of New Zealand, and - in Southland have done great damage hy the burning down of saw jxnills, fences, and two or three houses. The weather ias been very dry, with Btrong winds, and the crops have suffered considerably. In addition to bush fires, a. rather serious one occurred in LumBden, a township in' Southland, where, besides four shops, the branch premises of the Colonial Bank were destroyed. j Several lives have been lost daring the past week , through drowning while bathing (said a New Zealand i correspondent on December 25). At Auhburton, a j well known pnbliean named 'Shearman- was drowned \- j by, it is supposed, falling into a welL In Napier; jtfae Taapo coaoh was upset by & brake giving way ? 'while; going down a eteep hill. The proprietor, jGriffitha, who was driving, is not expected to recover from the injuries received. The passengers escaped With a severe shaking. \- In Sydney, on Monday, the weather was exces sively hot. The thermometer registered 145 in the sun. The heat throughout the colony was considerably above the summer average. In Balraaald the thermometer registered 115 degrees in the shade. T?.oiti in small quantities has fallen in ihe northern districts, but in no case has the fall registered an inch, the greatest fall being at the Clarence Heads, and tbe exact amount being 0.95. Dentistry.— Great reductions. £10 10s set for £b 5s. Aubrey Davis, Eoyal Arcade. — A»vt. Orchard, Vineyard, or Orangery.— The soil of Grange Farms, Schofield'e Platform, is suitable for. Watkdn and Watlrin, with W. A. Brodie, sell on Saturday.— Advt. . : Clearing sale of prints and zephyrs, 2£d, 3£d, 4$d, a rare chance. This month only. Wilson's, Devon Bhire-sireet.— Advt. Four acres for JE60. Deposit £5, balance £2 per month. Berkshire Park, Riverstone. Phillips and Co., 32,Ca8tlereagh-street.— Abvt. ' ' Tattersall's ' consultations on Anniversary Handicap now open, filling rapidly. Address, 'Tattersall,' care of G. Adams, Tatiereall'* Hotel, Sydney.— Advt. , 