THE GOLDEN HOPE : A KOSIANCE OP TIIE DEEP. . I dreamt a ilreaiu that was not all a dream." ' BY W. , CLARK "RUSSELL. , Author of "A'Ska. Qdkk.v," " 'i'nr. Wuixk of tiie Giiosve.nou," "A Sailuii's Sweet- ' heaut," itc. (Tho Right ot Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XIX.— CnxTiN-imn. " I ditl — distinctly ; she was helped through 'the surf by a man whom 1 kne » in my sleep to be the Verulain's boatswain, and who will prove to bo the same person, lie- catisc tho third mate informed me the boat- swain had charge of one of the boats ; when Blic landed she l'ell 011 her knees, as if in prayer, then rose and stretched out her amis to me." He had taxed himself beyond his powers in saying this ; in giving expression to these two rough seamen to that one overwhelm ing imago which haunted him day and night, that more than any oilier portion of his dream had impelled him to traverse the ocean in search of his beloved, he laid Btraincd himself to the heart ; one wild look of appeal lie cast at old Stone, anil then with a deep sob and a sort of pitiful farewell gesture of the hands, that was like wringing them, lie entered his berth. The two seamen stood staring nt each other. Then with a snulllc of the nose and in a low voice Stone said, — "What d'ye think of it, Hiram !" The skipper picked up his sextant and brought his protruding eyes into a squint upon the arch of it ; then, passing with his tongue tho bit of tobacco in his mouth frout one cheek to the other, lie said — " You're an older man than me, Bill, and have seen more and have thought more. What do you think of it I" " Well," replied Stone, scratching the back of his head and spenking very slowly, " I think this : Air. Eortcscuo's to be beleft j he's a gentleman, let alone being a parson, . aud's not likely to tell a lie. My belief is that lie's a pious man mourning after itis lady, and that the Almighty Clod to comfort liim has spoke to him in a dream and told him what to do." " Ye believe tluit, do you 1 " said Hiram. " Yes, that's what L believe," said Stone, but not with emphasis. " Well, I'm not going to stand here and say you're wrong," exclaimed Hiram ; " but afore 1 coincides with you 1 must turn to and think a bit. Tell ye where my diiliculty lies. If it wur a pretty general habit for folks to dream of things that don't happen till months urter, why then this here wisiun of Mr. Fortcseuc's would bo right enough. No man could say it was onlikely. even if this kind o' dream was rare as airthcpiakes, or three at a birth, Bill, like old Jackson's young 'litis, or tliem biasing stones which fulls out of the sky ; even then, i say, nary man could object to their bein' likely. But when it comes to one man being singled out by the Lord, as if lie was the only creature proper to bo talked to direct from heaven and allowed to see jest the very tiling that 'ud keep him fretting and wondering for years if lie didn't see it! — Well! I must think it over, it'll bear. a spell of thought. Mind ye, Bill, it's strange, mate ; never heard anything like it in my time." And so saying he entered his berth with his sextant, whilst Mr. Stone in the very slowest of his usually slow way toiled ab stractedly up the milder on to the deck. CHAPTER XX. — A I'ok'sle Discussiox. They lmd 110 sooner left tho cabin than a head with u rather grimy pule face 011 it and disordered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of 11 spare bunk on the port side, and after taking a quick glance around, was fol- Inuwl Iw t.lm linrlv finrl Ioin nf .Tnlintii' f.lio " boy." This youth was about 17 years old, stupid but willing, and he was useful as one of the ship's company, because though lie hardly knew how to make a long splice ho could help to roll up a sail and was 11 very good servant for the cabin, besides being serviceable as a sort of cook's mute. He had " all night in " because lie was kept at work all day, but feeling tired after breakfast and guessing ho would not bo missed for a quarter of un hour or so, ho hud sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in reality a hole in the side, such as you see in Bmacks, with the intention of merely resting his litnbs, but bad fallcu fast asleep. He was awakened by the entrance of Mr. For- tescuc and the two men, when realising his situation and the rope's-ending that might follow his detection, he lay breathless, listening to all that was said. When the mute left the cabin and Hiram entered his berth, Johnny tumbled out of his bunk and went 011 deck to see nftcr the cabin dinner. The cook was a man named Micky Alison, a fat, ignorant person, irritable like most sea- cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Hope hud not been improved by the smallness of the galley, the want of elbow-room, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner dur ing the bud weather, when on one occasion he had been washed out of the caboose by a sea, and when he had been several times scalded by capsized saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what lie had heard in the cabin, ennuot be imagined ; but on being angrily assailed by Anson lor " lonling " and neglecting to do his " bit " and the like, the lad said " Micky, s'elp me as 1 stand, I'd have been hero if it warnt for a ghost story, llieeid.it in the cabin. I'd laid down in the spare bunk, an' 1 fell asleep and was woke up by tho ole man and the mate and the parson comin' below ; the pnrson lie turned to and giv' 'em a yarn about a ghost. Micky, s'elp me, it wur enough to mukc a man's hair feel as if it wur stiff with fat. He wur a long time yarnin', und then they cleared out an' aft 1 come." So saying, ho seized hold of some plates that were to be cleaned and began to make a mighty rattle with tliem in a metal pail full of water. " All," cried the cook, " of course you was layin' down. You're always' a layin' down. It's gutter-jumpers urter your pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing-stock of tho world. Good mind to round 011 ye to tho 'ole man," lie exclaimed, opening the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. " It's your thick skin what makes you insensible to nautical feelings, and you'll never feel like a seafnrin' man till that there skin has been thinned by a course of ridin' down. Ghosts 1 If there was o'er a thing of the kind in this schooner, ' damme if I wouldn't be at the cost of mak ing him a present of the sharpest fork on that shelf there on the understandin' that lie haunted yo about with it and kept all 011 jabbing of you till I told him to stop." "Micky," cried the lad, who was now red in the face with the exertions lie was put ting into his. task of cleaning and rubbing, "s'elp me if the parson's yarn warn't enough to make me wish 1 was home ngiu. Why, this woyage ain't' a woyngc at all. We're a ' snilin' in search of a ghost ; yc should have heard the mate grunt when lie wns told it, and Hi' ole maii kep' 011 saying, ' Well, this is a start I This do beat my time I' and when the parson was gone the skipper asks the mate what he. thinks, and tho mate lie says it must be all true 'cos the parson's too pious to tell a lie " " What's all true? What are you a jawin' about ? Who's goin' to hear you whilst ynu makes that bloomin' noise ?" cried the cook, whose curiosity was now excited. " What's all true ? Why, what the par son told the skipper and the mate," replied Johnny. " He says there's a female ghost situated on a island in the llindinn Ocean and this voyage is to fetch her." The cook flourished a frying pun, whilst Johnny, cowering and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, " S'elp me tho Lord, it's true, Micky. The ghost cntne to tho parson and says : I'm on the island what Sir. Stone's got the calculations of ; and she ' ' writ down a likeness of the island and pre tended that the parson had done it ; and then the parson he sees the drawin' and likewise the ghost a-stretehin' out of her arms to him, and so he makes up his mind to go and feteli her, and here we are a- goiug I" The cook looked attentively at the lad, and, knowing liim to bo too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story as this, exclaimed, "Just say that over agin, willyer?" The youth did so. "Ye mean to say that the parson told the cap'ii and mate that a female ghost wrote down a like ness of an island and informed liim that she was 011 it, and that this voyage was meant to fetch her?" said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with 1111 ex pression in his eye that caused the lad to respond witli astonishing rapidity, " Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may i "and he hoped that all sorts of fearful physical alllictions would smite liim. "Well "said the cook, beginning to bustle ' ' about nfrosh, but in a 'rather abstracted manner, "if the .parson's motive be what you sny it is, then this here's a woyagu 1 for one never signed articles for. But aft witli yer now ; get the elotli laid," and ho made as if he would lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier anil better seamen than they nrc in these, it 11111st be owned that they were also more ignorant. Not ignorant in t he sense of " larniug," as they termed it, for us many could lead and write then as can read and write now ; but in respect of Boa supersti tions. in our age the prosaic mechanical spirit of tile engine-room has entered the sen-faring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the murine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to appear again. But in the age of the Golden Hope, Friday was si ill 1111 liulueky day; a master would risk his spars to pick up a cat that had fallen overboard ; the Fin, as a native of Russian Finland was termed, was a magician in 1 lie eyes of many sailors ; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned 011 tile whole with incredulity, scores of superstitious much more absurd and much less poetical prevailed in ships' forecast les and 'tween decks where Jack swung his hammock. The cook having obtained from Johnny a most perverted version of the liarutivc Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very naturally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in sea-cooks , as thus : — It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches' wateli below, for William was in the mate's watch, Breeches comes to the galley for a light for liis pipe. " William," says the cook, " what was in your head, mate, when you signed articles for this here woyage .' " Breeches ' surveys him leisurely, and answers, " Seventy bob a month, Micky." " Ay," says the cook, " that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye I " " Why," says Breeches, leaning in the doorway and taking a look at what the watch 011 deck wore doing, " n liisland in the ludinn Ocean, warnt it ? I've signed on tor ft good many woynges in my time, but some how I've never caught myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there." " What d'ye say," exclaims the cook, " of tho parson buying this here schooner to fetch a ghost off tiio island we're bound to? " " Git out," says Breeches. "Well," says the cook, "it's Johnny's yarn ; " and bore he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cnbin, exaggerating the youth's version of course, and embellishing it with several original touches. " If it's true it's blazing, queer," says Brooches. " All," says the cook, " and the more you think of it, the likelier it is. What does a parson want to sail to a liislaiul in the In dian Occau for, that's got no name, eh I Just nsk yourself that, William. - It ain't for trafficking ; there's 110 bnrtcrin' Thames' ballast, anyways ; 110 l'car of its being for slaving and tho likes o' that. Larsons are all very well ; but it's sartiu their dealings is with .what, ye can't see, and if there's to be nnything what may be called speeritooal- likc mucked up in this woyage unbeknown to us and not down in the urlioles, l for one shall want to know what the eapt'u has to say upon it." Well, of course, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows look at each other with faces as long as " a wet hammock," to use the language of the sea ; and when Breeches had smoked his pipe out and descended into the forecastle, it was not to " turn in," but to repeat what lie bad heard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawyer, who sat on their chests mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and loudly snoring there. (to nr. CONTINUED.) 