"ANNABEL'S RI VAL," BY DORA RUSSELL, Arthor of " Footprints in the Snow," " The Vicar's Governess," "Crosus' Widow," "Beneath the Wave, etc., etc." CHAPTER XX-VIIL DILL DAYS. They were dull, dreary days for Anna bel after Sarah was gone. The old simple life at Sallford had to be begun again, and gone on with, but the old light simple heart, that had made everything pleasant, was gone. She took no interest in anything now, and the little ways and the little gosip of the place, that had once amused her, now wearied and annoyed her; and beneath the leaden November skies she used to wander about the damp meadows by the Sall, looking, as Bessie expressed it, " like a ghost." Why, why had this misery come to her I she would think. She had loved Martin so truly. She would have been his faith fal wife, and had prayed to be, and trusted to be, and God had not listened to her innocent cry. Oh ! it was bitter, very bitter. "I shall never pray for anything more," she said many a time during these miserable weeks, and, utterly weary and heart-sick, she dragged through her daily existence. She was uncomfortable at home too. Bessie's hint in her letter (Bessie's hints were always a little broad) about her father's behaviour with Hannah Page was not unfounded. This girl, in fact, Who was a very forward one, intended to marry Johnny Lee, and tried in every way to attract his admiration. But Johnny was too fond of Annabel to do this while his daughter remained at home. Still, he encouraged Hannah Page, and Bessie's unbounded indignation at his proceedings made everything very uncomfortable. "You should turn her out, bag and baggage, Miss Annabel," Bessie was always urging ; but Annabel shrank from even mentioning the subject to her father, and from one other subject, also; which was even yet more grievous. Poor John Lee ! The fatal infatuation which had killed his father was daily growing on him too, and' night after night Annabel listened for his return, as the first John Lee's wife had listened for his, with shame and dismay filling her heart. So things went on, and many and many a time during these days Annabel envied Ada lying in her quiet grave by the sea. " What have I to live for " she would think, gloomily; for life seemed to offer her neither hope nor happiness now. She had heard from Irs Wykeinan once since her sister's marriage, and occasion ally from the bride hersell They had gone abroad, and Sarah wrote apparently in good spirits, and frequently alluded to " Martin." Mrs Wykeman did not mention Robert Vere in her letter to Annabel, but-once or twice Lady Margaret at the rectory had done so. " Our nephew, Robert eore, is coming to Sallford soon," she said to Annabel, ,one day with a smile. " You know him very well, do yen not ?" '" He has always been very kind to me," answered Annabel ; and when one morn ing Lady Margaret arrived at Red House to ask her to dine with them that evening, to meet Robert, she felt glad to go. " Robert asked me to invite you," said Lady Margaret, laughing ; " and has in deed invited himself to pay us this visit, so he will be quite disappointed if you do not come. He arrives to-day." "I shall be very glad to do so," said Annabel; and when in the evening she entered theRectory drawing- room, Robert Yere was standing there, and came for ward with a pleased smile to receive her. The next moment he suppressed a sigh, for he was sorry to see Annabel looking so changed and ill still " Well, and what haveyou been doing 1" he said, kindly. " Nothing," she answered, with a faint little smile, and Robert shook his head. " Nothing isa bad occupation," he said. "' ou know, 3iss Annabel, the gentleman who always has some mischief ready for idle hands to do." Annabel laughed uneasily. "And Bob, my friend Bob " iasked Robert Tere. "Is quite well, and is a great favourite at home. Papa is so fond of him, and even Bessie." "And how is Bessie " said Robert, who always remembered everyone. "I like Bessie ; there's a grim honesty about her, j and the way she used to guard herself from the too forward attentions of her admirer, Jenkins, was highly amusing." " And Colonel Jeroingham ?" enquired Annabel " He's better, poor man, I think, and talks of returning to India, but I do not think that he'll go." a "Why -. "Somebody doesn't mean to let him go," laughed Robert. " 3rs Wykeman hasn't been consoling him all this time I for nothing" " But do you really think -" "I really think she'll marry him," i answered Robert. "He's too guileless & and simple-hearted to cope with a clever woman who means it; and I think, too. 0 that she'll make him a very good wife." " But he's such a dear old man." " Well, isn't she a dear old woman! it Fancy if she heard me ! No, fMrs Wyke man will never be an old woman." When dinner was announced the Rec- c tor took down Annabel, and Robert fol Ilwed with Lady Margoret. " What a jolly littleparty," sail Id rbrt, lookingcontentedly round the well spr'cad table, and at the cheerful tire. " Hw cosy you North country people are : Lady Mlargaret, I hope that you are prepared a for me to inflict my company on you for t a week l" " lYou know, Robert, tIht we are very pleased to have you." answered Lailt lMargaret; "but horr will you amusei yourself in this quiet place ' Robert laughed a light, ple?sant laugh. His heart was at rest again, and life :as no longer a dull, wearisome round of duties, and he had determined to eije n,, it .i "Iameasilyamuseid, said he. "3Ii.- o Lee,- winl you take compassion on me and fi help to entertain me, a evidentiy Laly -al Msrgaret thinks that is till be a very - serious task ?" " I will do what I can,", sail Asis. I! smiling, and before they partel fr ,:: night Robert remindel her i f t!,i promise. " am coming to yiou to be amu05 d to morrow," he said. " Wi:a timne m y I come 1" " Whenever you like,' ans'wered Ar na beL "How early will Bessie let me in, I wonder! Do you think at twelve o'clock!" "How can you talk such nonsense ," 0 laughed Annabel. " Well, come at 12, \- then ;" and at twelve Robert went. Before he did so, however, he had a Ty little conversation with his uncle, the id Rector. " Uncle," he said, as the Rev. Charles Vere was calmly eating his breakfast, r, "ihave you any very poor and miserable er f. mily among your parishioners here ?" "Alas, my dear boy," answered the y Rector, shaking his head, " I fear that I is have a great many poor and miserable e- families, and I'm sure any little help- " is " I don't want a fever case, mind," said e R.,bert; " just a case of great dcstitution. al and poverty." te " Do you mean that you wish to give sd some assistance, Robert ?" " I will gladly give some assistance," answered Rhbert, " but I want the address of one or two." The Rector drew out his memnrandum te book and thoughtfully referred to it. " Here is a sad case. now, Robert," he said, " Mrs Wilson. Husband formerly a Smaster-joiner--was killed" (went on the L0 Rector. reading his notes)" two years ago h1 by a fall from a ladder. Long illness al hbefore death; spine injury. Widow aged r, -one daughter ill of consumption, four 1 boys, all totally unprovided for." " Miserable :" exclaimed Robert. " What have you done for them ?" "They have a few shillings a-week from the parish. and the mother takes in wash ing and the dautghter sewing. The boys i --two at schoe l one of whom I pay for ' two apprenticus. They are very poor, and I saw the young girl the other day; and I fear that site is idying,.' " What is their adsdress !' said Robert, taking out his pocket-book. " Number 15, Line-street-it is in one le of the worst parts of Sallforid. Then two id -yes, two doors furtlher down, in the same le street," went on the Rector," there is t, Bridget Latimer, an old woman, 79, quite helpless from rheumatism, has three shil v, lines a-week from the parish ; all the rest of private charity ; very poor. W " Poor soul :' sighel Robert, taking h down the name and address. to " Then there'sthe case of the Jacksons," re continued the Rector, but Robert put up ce his hand. "That is enough to-day, uncle," he Ssaid. "But I mueJt not giv'e you all this n trouble for nothing. Here is live pounds. h- Will you help some of these poor creatures d with it ?" to " Indeed, I will thankfully do so," said 7 the Rector, pocketing the money. " You ig have done a good deed, Robert, and I se hope it will come back to you." rd "Sevenfold, no doubt," laughed ly Robert ; and after a little further conver sation on the same subject, the Rector a. and his nephew parted; Robert, about ts two hours later, proceeded to Redhouse or to keep his appointment with Annabel. is When he arrived there the door was to opened for him by Bessie, with her violet Y satin petticoat on, which she yet wore on :o special occasions, and she received Robert is with a smile, which she only condescended is to bestow on the very few that she le delighted to honour. " Well, Bessie," said Robert t; " why, P. you're looking better than ever." "Now, 3?r Yere, that's just your d chaff," said Bessie, primly; "but I'm a pretty middling just now." n " Jenkins looks very dull," continued r, Robert, following Bessie into the house. h "I dined with Colonel Jerningham twice n the other day, Bessie, and I heard poor d Jenkins sigh." n "Now, really, Mr Vere, you're that I ridiculous-like," said Bessie, highly de n lighted, " Just to hear you, now. Jetn h kins is a decent man enough, I believe but all males-" F "Are not to be trusted, Bessie," inter rupted Robert; "you are quite right," and he laughed heartily, and walked into the drawing-room. r Annabel, looking very pretty rose to receive him. e Did you hear me flirting with Bessie?? \- he said as he shook Anuabel's hand. "Yes ! I am quite shocked at Bessie," Y answered Annabel, smiling, " but you are oa great favourite of hers ;" and then Annabel blushed softly for she remem t bered what Bessie had said about Robert. e"I'm pleased to hear that," said Robert. "I like people to like me, and I should thikstl '.ie could b ed severe critic if she chose." "Oh, indeed che c?n. " And so you lire here all alone," said Robert, looking round the room; " this is your bower 1". " Yes, and a very dull one;" answered Annabel, with a sigh. "," "Yet it's a comfortable, nice, bright room." S"Yes," said Annabel, listlessly. S"I have come to bog a great favour of you," went on Robert " Well, what is it T' "I want you to come with me to see two poor women.' I can't talk to them, yeu know, like a woiiasi can, and I dare not go alone." Annabel shrank back. " I--I don't like to go among poor people," she said. "I feel so so shy about going into their houses." " You are not'afraid, are yod, of illness or anything ?" "Oh, no ; not that But the tiruth is, Mr Vere, that I've got no money to give them, andI don't like to go without." " That's just what I want you to do for me," 'said Robert. " I want you to give them some of my money... WVill you !" " Oh, I don't know." • "Do, like a od girl. :Come, Antna bel, put on yoor lhat, and help two or three poor crieatures to have a comfortable diinner." Annabel did' not like it.; but he per snaded heir to go. She had never gone amongpoor people, and knew nothing of their sufferings or their wants. She was shocked and dismayed, therefore, when Robert took her to the miserable back street, and down thie yet more miscrable court in shichl poor Mrs Wilsan lived .among her soapsuds. S (To be Cnttelwtcl.) 