THEATRE ROYAL. Lessie, Mr. Ch.irlos Viucent. Acting 5(anager. Mr. Harwood. final Retirement of Mr. J. o. -. Lambert. When he will make bis last appearance on any stage for ever. Those fr.ends who desire'to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence.on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. . ; . The Gentlemen 'Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Mr, Lumbert. This Evening, Thursday , February 27th, 1S6S, , The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinslcy Sheridan's brilliant oomedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. Q. Lambert. . Characters by" the Company. To be followed.: by the 1st Act of Bulwer Ly tton's comedy of "MONEY." SirVobhiVesey - - ML J, O. Lambert (hfs last appearance in that character for ever), Alfred Evelyn - ' "Mr, William Levey; Sir Freuerick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke stout - - ; - 7... Mr..Ch'arlest Warner Uther Charnoters by the Amateurs. - Trio— '-Hark I the Lark at' Heaven's Got'! Sings"— Mr R. Stewnrt and Misses Docy and Maggie St-yyart.: i .'1 V . . i To. be succeeded by . Scenes (including- Screeu Seen.-) Irom Sheridan's Gomnly, 'THE SCHOOL FOR SCADALd' Sir Peter Teazle, - - Mr. J. 0. Lnmbort (the luBt character lie will ever act on ' any Stage). Joseph Surface - Mr Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To whicli will be added the FaVce entitled '"' THE MODEL HUSBAND, " Supportcd.by Mji. H. R. Harwood' and Company. Mr. J. 0 Lambert will then tend the confess ion of his faults and. bid his friends a final adieu, Doors Open at 7. Commence at 8 preci ely. . rniCBS as usual. The folio, wing.is a eppy of: his; address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine foe , ever, to cross the footlights and live in your work;. It is very mucl(. the custom. on occasions:, when, people, are going out of the world ..to' niiika, full confession of, ill thejr sibsy qntll will acknowledge' the exc.e.Uence.;..,o£, the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the. mgnyjmhs.of.-. which I have been guilty, both since I 'came ' among, you,' and many, years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they, have, be&n; going oh 'without'" i'nfermissioii ' these" two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early, part of my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope. I have' lieea, less guilty in this respect; and- tha,t-the shades of Shakespeare, Ben .'Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, : Rowe, and Sheridan, have been appeased, I trust by. my. having imparted a little- life to some of their creations;''. .'.I -have committed biganiy so often : that I. cannot recount tlie, number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is.'not. surprising if I should number my -sons' and' daugliters by scores if -not bun-' dreds, Some of them, I grieve to say, ' I have treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or i starve, 'cutting thenroflwith a shilling, forcing them .mto mercenary .marriages, ; and otherwise provoking tliem to des- i peratc measures." " In. connection with these wielied proceedings I have, used ...the most violent' language to my offspring, but 1 \- many times when in the very onslaught , of my furious denunciations J-have relented and only uttered.half, a curse. : At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I "should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among'-niy friends, some very incorrigible; scoun drels; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of' having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every , intermediate grade,; find that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position'" "My own predilections have been . in like, manner ..fhict)iating. '' At one time I, have beefi.so iniseril.V that I liave denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries';' at others felt . myself , prompted bv, generous impulses so strong that I have had. no hesitation in giving away 'large . sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns anil kingdoms.," "I confess, however, these gifts have , been bestowed with but, an. iri.- discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have profited by iiiy promis cuous liberality; " "Like all other members of my profession,. I have lived a doubje, l.ife, and i t_is only ih one.of. mine,, the. great crime? I liave enumerated and ac- kuowledged haveheencoininitted. M.y serious - vices;-' I' trust, -have all' been committed this side of the footlights. " " But in the world where in future I am -going- to dwell, I trust y'oii will credit m? w.ith . having done my duty a? a good citizen, and. tliat when in a few.';divys :I step on board the vessel wpiieir will" bear me; f i-oni " th'fs bright ' aiid beautifivl country, I..8haLcar,i;y wjth ine. your good wishes and your 'kindly esteem." ' " F.crmit. me a partihjg.w.ord about niy brother managers, w til whom for the last twelve months- I liave been intinyvtely.asjjociated. Ineverthought to HaveMnfteilinto.infinagement again, t but there. were such pressing reasons why t'liis /'fine theatre should nfit be iillpwed' to lose < restige, and why. it shoulS no't fall into incompetent hands that I eonseuted to become one of the co-partnerships by which its affairs liaye. been lately, administered." "I appeal to you to .say. whether we. haye managed the Theatre, Royal satisfactorily and' whether we 'have not fulfilled tlie promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary- success, , I can but think that we'; have- given our patrons- fair value for theirrnony, and l am happy- .- tc tihinljat thmojneh.t that the- repu- ' tatiOn' audcpbpulaf ity.- o' .' tlie: Theatre: Royal are as good as they have at any time been, since it was opened nearly fifteen' years' ago. Let me ask you to continue y.our, supppr.t to the. rn.anf)-, gei'ial Arm as' it' now exists— at' least"' an equal- , measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and . are,- Lam. sure; -greatly, respected," . (To be Continuedji 