TALES AND SKETCHES. THE HEIR OF THE AGES." By JAMES PAYN. Author of" Br Proxy," " Lost Sra Mabsino- beiid, " "Not Wooed but Won," "Thicker than Water," &c.;, &c.; Chapter XXVI. — Outside the Window. It was the same room in which she had had that first iuterviow with him on her arrival at Burrow Hill, when his naturalness and good- humor had put her at her caso and convinced her that thero was one person, at least, in that strange liouso with whom sho would bo ablo to " got on. But his reception of her on this oc casion was very different. "Oh, happy hour 1" ho whispered beneath his breath, and drew her to his breast, and kissed her again and again. " You got my letter, tlion," said she, softly, as though excusing herself for submitting to these caresses, which the consciousness that she had acknowledged hor love for him made, in truth, n thousand times moro intoxicating. "Of course I did, my darling, oud shall wear it next my hcait till you take its place," was tho ardent rejoinder. " Think what it lias cost mo not to roply to it ; and think," ho added, with a glance at tlio unclosed door huhind which they stood, " what a need for caution thero must ho which imposed upon juo such a cruel silence." " But thero is no need now," said tho girl, withdrawing from him with a sudden im pulse. " Indeed thero is, darling, and mora than cvor. Yon will surely put a little trust in me ?" ho pleaded ; for her face had suddenly grown very grave. "You will not misconstrue or misconccivo my motives, as others have done, when I say that for somo time yot wo must needs keep our lovo a secret ?" "I cannot do it — not oven for your sake," llio answered, firmly. "But you have dono it already, dcarost." " With Mary, it was different. I owo hor no such duty as I owo Mrs. Mclburn ; but under her roof thero must be nothing clandes tine, If I deceived hor, I should bo unworthy of you." » " Yo do not know how ill sho is, Lizzio." 11 That would only mako it worse — to deceive a sick, perhaps a dying, woman I How can yon nsk u of mo?" " Becauso I lovo you so j because tho thought -of any hindran o to our union drives mo wild. Hindrance I Nay, thero would bo flattost denial. You do not know my stepmother's ob- stiuato natuie, nor my father's prido." "I am proud, too, in my way," returned Miss Dart. Her shapely fignro was drawn up to its full height ; her eyes sparkled with a light that was now to him. She was resolute, It was plain, to havo her will ; and vet, as ho gazed upon hor, and bit his iip in doubt aud fear, ho could not withhold his admiration. It seemed to hiin that her beauty bad never shono bo gloriously before. "There is only one way," ho murmured, mechanically. "Giro mo till to-morrow. 1 roimso mo at least this much— that for twenty-four hours you will not discloso tho— tho rolutions botween us." " I do not like it," said Miss Dart, doubt fully, aud yet remorseful of her doubt. It was terrible lo her to havo to opposo him j almost as terrible as that sharp, quick pang at her heart — caused by she scarco kuew what — which hau mnilo her stop hack from him n fow minutes ngo. v/i ou SUPP> 1 hho it ?" ho exclaimed, bitterly. D0 you think it will bo easy or pleasant for me, for ovou twenty-four hours, to scop at a distauco from you j lo treat you us if I , »»S ""d passed between us ; to put a pad- IhZ i'!'5 > to ve'l my eyes ; to hide tlio thoughts— the loving, blissful thoughts— that utno inytsoul ? Oh, Lizzio I — to refuse my tot request and that so slight a one I" monin w? ,3' .»"«d with passiounto volio- tones 'mln , ',n 6,uPPrcssclli scarcely nudiblo mSvedrl Ur heart withi? 1'or ! but what his besi>„-i,-)VCUi "J013 wero bis pleading eyes, in liiteouR 'W8 BtronG 311113 hold forth «u piteous expostulation. ' f do not refuso it," she answored. with her MlrigbunMsmj188141 """Sweats with the author. hand upon her heart, as tliongh to restrain its wild and unaccustomed beating. " I will keep our secret till to-morrow." "For that, much thanks. It is tho lnsttimo that I shall ask you to givo way to any wish of mino ; henceforth, it is your will in all things that shall bo my law — the law of lovo." Again ho took hor to his nrms nnd kissed her tenderly — then suddenly started back, with an exclama tion. "What is it?" sho inquired, hor manner almost composed by contrast with his agitation and alarm, "Nothing. I thought I saw a man's shadow through the window ; my father is somewhere in tho grounds, and if ho should have soon "Well, nnd what then?" slio put in, dis dainfully. " Ho will know to-day what ho will havo to ho told to-morrow, that is oil. What havo wo to bo ashamed of 1" "Nothing, indeed," he answered, eagerly ; "but you do not know my father. What would happen— should ho discover our secret — would bo, that you would bo packed home at once, and I — well, packed off, What tlion again ? you may say.' Ho broko off abruptly, and fell to pacing tho little room. "Well, by Heaven, I behove you are right. A woman's instinct is sometimes hotter than all the wisdom of (ho serpent. On tho whole, I bcliore it would bo tho best thing that could happen. Yon would go to your aunt's house, of course ; nnd I would tako lodgings in the samo parish for thrco weeks — that is necessary, I believe, to seenro a liccnco. Or, still better, wo could go to n registry office : you arc not one to caro about orange- flowers nnd bridesmaids, and all the paraphernalia of tho nltar. Why should I not call yon mine at once?" " That was not my proposition," said Miss Dart. " I wish you todo nothing rash or with out consideration." "Iam sure yon don't — tho proposal comes from mi I am not a young gentleman under ago or jast of age. I am my own master — that is, until I kuow you. Now, I nm your slavo." It was pleasant to hor to hear him call him self so — this strong willed ond impetuous man, of whom so many stood in fear — even if 6he did not quito bclievo it ; as to his offer, she did not take tho same viow of it as oilier girls, no hotter, if better, placed, might havo dono ; the stand point from which sho viewed it was so different; sho had prido enough, but her prido inclined her to it. _ She resented the contempt which, as ho had implied — and, no doubt, with good reason — tho squire wonld regard her. She know herself superior to tho wholo race of Mel- burns (save one) from the Conquest downwards. Birth and blood wero nothing to her, wealth she did not desire ; if tho Major had represented himself to her as a man of fortuue, instead of ouo with modorato means, it would not havo affected hor a hair's breadth in his favor; it would, indeed, have been to his disadvantage, since, in taking him, sho might havo been taking something away from others. It seemed to her that sho had no less right to make hor choice of him than ho of hor. That she could make him a good wifo she felt assured ; sho was ready to sacrifice herself to hiin in all ways, and, at tho samo time, to benefit thoso belong ing to hiiu. Whatever influence sho might have on liim wonld bo used to mend the breach betweon him aud his fuinily, and to disnbuso their minds from tho prejudices thoy eutertainod against him. Sho would, abovo all, bo in a position to opposo the designs of Mr. Wiutlirop should he still attempt to prosecuto thcin. All these considerations pressed upon her mind. Whatsliowasnot so con scious of was that his passion was re-echoed and responded to in her own heart by an equal yearning. If love consumed him as ho nad said, it also burnt in her, though with a far purer and steadier ihuno. Sho had spoken to him with appurent calmness nnd deliberation, but it had cost her much to do so ; sho had longed to say, oven to that proposition of secrecy, and, as it bad seemed to hor, even of duplicity, " Whatever you plenso, dearest ; to be assured of your lovo is all I ask and now, when what ho proposed involved no dereliction of duty, why should she hesitate to make hira happy ? His scheme, perhaps, was somewhat audacious ; but it was not liko an elopement proposed by a young heir, but only a taking of tho bull by tho horns — a bold method of doing away at a stroke with tho obstructions that stupidity and convention wero certaiu to offer to their union. In delay there was certainly danger, and to both of them ; why should she run tho risk of their happiness being sacrificed at tho altar of family pride ? "If I am thrust out of these doors through bo fault of mine," sho answered, after a long silence, "I am ready to do as you thiuk best and wisest." " If you are thrust out of theso doors, my darling," repeated the major, with teudcr earnestness, "my arms will bo open to you. In the meantime, while you remain here bo surprised at nothing that happens." Ho pressed his lips to her forehead, as if in sign nnd seal of their agrcomcut, and noisclossly left tho room, Sho stood nwhilo half dazed, but wholly happy, till tho unaccustomed hush and silence in tho liouso reminded her that all is not love in tlio world ; whilo sho had been partaking of its raptures, what a scene of misery was in ull probability being enacted above 6tair 1 Could tlio lovo ho worthy, slio asked herself in hitler self reproach, that had made her, even for a few minutes, oblivious of tho fact ? — aud yot, and yot — was sho to blame that human nature had becu too slroug for her? White, and silent us a ghost, slio hurried through tlio empty hall and up tho stairs to her owu room, whither, us she guessed, Mary would presently come to fotch her ; hut iustcad of taking off her bonnet aud shawl, slio sauk down on a chair, overcome by a tumult of emotions. Through tho open windows, which looked out immediately on a small shrubbery leading to a paddock, whore tlio cattlo were standiug under tlio trees, came all those tranquil souuds which seem to intonsify tho noon dny sileuco of tho summer. The dreamy caw of the rooks, tho cockcrow from some distaut farm yard, tlio swishing of tho cows' tails, tho swing of tho hough released from tho weight of tho blackbird — it seemed as though, liko Fino Ear iu tlio fairy story, sho could almost hear tho grass grow. Had sho douo wrong, or had sho done right ? Had sho been thinking of liersolf and her own advautago all along, whilo flattering herself that sho was doing her best for others? From all solf seeking in tho 1 way of profit or positiou sho could honestly exonaruto horsolf, and lcavo tho court of conscicuco without a stain ; but, in giviug way to hor lover's per suasions, bail sho not been conscious of finding for herself an escape from slavery, a termination to a life of uugeninl toil ? What would iioucst and simple-hearted Aunt Jane say when she camo to hear of licr engagement j or, rather what would sho probably think of it while lock ing hor thoughts in her own heart lest they should do her darling wrong ? And if oven Aunt Jano should not arraign her, could Mrs, Molburn, nnd those who thought with her ou subjects, bo blamed for imputing selfish aud un worthy motives ? Ilore, tho fragrance of a cigar was homo on tho summer breeze, and n footstep tlint slio knew passed closo beneath the open window ; then an angry voice cried, " Jefferson, a word with you"; and tho footsteps halted; others came up to where they stopped, and sho felt that tho squire and his son were staudiug with in a few yards of where she Eat, nnd were about to speak of her; Whether it was her duty to rise and let thorn know that she wns within ear shot, it is difficult to say ; but Nature had decided for her. Her limbs were paralysed not, iudocd, with fear, but with a cortain dread expectancy ; her tongue clove to tlio roof of hor mouth. She could only picture to herself the two men standing face to face — Mr. Mclburn palo with rage, aud the mjaor witli that quiet imperturbable look which ho always wore in times of variance with his people. "I will thnnk you to pursue none of your disgraceful intrigue, sir, under my roof," were tlio squire's first words. Terrible words in deed ; but oven while they rang in hor burning oars, Miss Dart did uot forgot tlio nature of the speaker, or the circumstance that drew them from his lips. Tho squire was just the mnu who, in his moments of fury, exaggerates the crime of an offender nnd generalises nil accusa tion for tho very pnrpose of embittering it. "Indeed, sir, you are doing mo wrong," wns the quiet reply, irlio could see hiin, though tho wall was between thcin, flicking away the nsh from his cigar and smiling con fidently Uttdor his moustache. "I know the morality of your profession ns to falsehood, whoro a woman is concerned," answered the sqnirc, contemptuously ; "or else I should say you were lying." " I hopo yon will not sny that, sir," replied the major, not pleadingly, but in u tone of sup pressed menace. " Let mo say at once, then, that I happened to be passing by tha study window ten minutes ngo, and thereby save you tlio trouble of further subterfuge. Perhaps you will explain, with as little circumlocution ns tho case admits, how yon camo to bo kissing my daughter's companion ?" " Nothing is simpler, sir, indeed, if this in quisition had. not taken place, it was my inten tion, this very day to have told you — uot, in deed, that I had kissed Miss Dart, which is, after all, a superfluous detail ; but that I had found it necessary for both our sakes to secure her as au ally in a certain affair which is at least ns important as a flirtation with a go verness." " You admit tho flirtation, however," re marked the squire drily. " Well, yes ; the only means that occurred to me for securing her services," replied tlio major coolly, j" was to protend to make love to her." Miss Dart shuddered as she listened : the lie, sho felt assured, was uttered for her sake ; but it was no less a lie. She had read that, in mon's oyes, or in soma men's eyes, all was fair in love and war; but hither to with contempt and disapproval. Was it possible that true love could ever be the excuse for an untruth? Tho vory calmness with which the lie was told appalled her. Could lovo, and not custom, have givon that impres sive touc, that confidence of utterance, which, almost to licr cars, carried conviction with it ? " It has, perhaps, escaped your notice," con- tinned the major — with one pause owed to a puff of liis cigar — "that Miss Dart, giving way no donbt to certain influences which have been bronght to bear upon her, has all along opposed herself to your wishes iu the matter of Mr. Wiuthrop ; a piece of impertinence, yon would say" — this, no doubt in answer to some contemptuous gesture of the squire's—" hut wo must take things as wo find them ; her opinion has great weight with Mary, nnd it scorned to ma worth u little trouble to win her over to oar viows." " Why not have told mo all this at once, and let me havo sent her packing?" returned the squire, quickly. . " You know my position hero, sir, and how any direct interference of mino, even for Mary's good, would have bcon resented by Mrs. Mel- burn and misrepresented to yourself. I have, as it happens, fallen under your displeasure oven as mutters stand ; that is my inisforlnaa ; I have dono my best, and failed, it seems, most cgrcgiously. As to Miss Dart, you shall never have to complain of my speaking ono word to her again ; but on the other hand, while she remains under this roof, you may take it for grautod that Winthrop's attention will he per sistently discouraged. " I shall givo Miss Dart her congi this very day," said the squire, with sudden decision, "In my opinion, you could not do a wiser thing," said the major indifferently. Miss Dart heard this without surpriso ; now that she had once got over the shock of tho ma jor's duplicity, tho rest strangely familiar to her — like ono of those scenes which wo fancy have occurred to us in a previous stato of exis tence. She understood as if slio had been at tho hack of his miud, that his object was to get licr out of tlio houso that ho might follow hor to I.oudon at once and marry hor. There was a quick spirt of a match, and si lenco whilo another cigar was being lit. Then a pause, which hud 110 such explanation. Tho squiro wns regarding his son with oyes once moro full of suspicion ; the indifference ho had shown nl tho governess's departure had perhaps boon overdone. "Wliou does your leave expire, sir?" ho' presently asked, abruptly. " It has only just began," returned the major, smiling. " At tho risk of being weari some to my family, I thought of living at homo for tbo next six weeks." The squire stroked his chin and nodded his head, as if in sign that, having considered tho mutter ho felt, ou the whole, satisfied. He turned upon his hcol as if to retrace his steps, then suddenly stopped, and in grave, quick tones, such as ouo uses to cseapo from on un pleasant subject, obsorved, "I conclude, Jeffer son, that your wifo is still alive ?" " Yes, sir ; sho is." Footsteps upon tho gravel dying away in oppos'ito directions ; on tho ono side sharp and decided, on tho other, ovor which hung tho tobacco smoke, alow and dawdling — tha steps of a careless louneer. Then the caw of tha rook and tho crow of the cock, and the swishing of the cows' tails in tho shade again. All wns tho same as it had becu ton minutes ago ; hut, in the meantime n life had been shattered. There are wounds which the misconduct of thoso wo love is capable of inflicting ou our spiritual nature similar in their effects to thoso of gunshot wounds on tlio human frame ; death ensues, but without mutilation ; and tiicre are nlso cntastroplies equivalent to those pro duced by the bursting of a shell, by which the whole moral being is laid in ruins. Of these latter victims, ono hero and there, if lie have strength to bear the knife — tho lopping away ot tho lost fragments of misplaced trust, the splinters of diseased and morbid love— will sometimes recover ; hut he is never, as the the phrase goes, "tho same man ho was" again. And this thing is still more true in tho caso of a woman. 