OLD COLONIAL DAYS. (By Franoih Mykub.) GOVERNOR BLIGHAND THE "GREAT REBELLION." — (Continued.) And now something like a retrospect is nc- cossnry. Wo mast cudeavor to grasp all the circnmstanccB of the time and to rcafiso their significance; and more, it seems almost necessary to supply a reason for even an attempt to tell the full story of those old days, whoso records are apt rather to be ghouls than mellow ghosts of balmy breath. There is danger that any pioneer of the timo might turn, as Samncl or the woman of Eudor, with a "Why hast thon disturbed me?" Justice, however, is a paramount claim and all sufficient reason ; and, moreover, wo have a property right iu the old days. Let us get back, then, as well as facts available will permit us, to the year 1807. In the middle of 1800 Bligh ar rived and found, as all hia predecessors, hard times and much complaining amongst the settlers | rapid enrichment in the military and trade ring, and rum flowing freely to the general demoralisation. And who was to blame ? Who but the makers of the situation, the New South Wales Corps? We know what Governor Himter had said on this matter ; and in ono of his vory last letters home Governor Kiug says, "I have requested Lord llohart to send out proper persons to in vestigate, for I am convinced that uutil the officers arc removed the coiouy will never do well." Lord liobarl had sent Bligh out, not to investigate but to govern, and, tnio to his nature, ho began to govern with a strong baud. One of his very earliest actions was a later date set up as an instance of his arbitrary corn- duct and as proof of his tyrannical and. brutal nature. Governor King, for the short time lie remaiucd in the colony, went to tho old Government-house at Parramatta. Bligh visited him there, and early in the morning, Macarthur, walking across from his own place, found Bligh perfectly disengaged walk- in tho garden, and introducing the matter of the eucouragement to be given to his sheep-breeding was met by a volley of blas phemous abuse. Notwithstanding which, how- over, Lliey wont in to breakfast, and there again Biigii so fearfully cursed tho snoop and their owner and many persons in authority that Governor King "burst into tears." Still, how ever, they went down to Macarthur's house and examined tho sheep, where, after another burst of passion and damning of folks generally, he "stayed a minute or two" to pay his compli ments to Mrs. Macarthur. A sharp mixture, surulv, of compliment and blasphemy, threaten ing a man to dopriyc him of his most prized 1 possessions ono minute, and beiug attentive to in courtesy to his wife the next. But most of 'the charges against Bligli will bo found to partake largely of this character. His actions in auother wa y arc happily clearer. He did stop the inordinate distribution of rum right away, ordering a fixed and a liberal quantity to each man in the colony. He stopped tho custom, which had largely prevailed, of shutting men up in gaol without warrant and flogging them without mercy. He went out amongst tho free settlers and so conducted himself that 885 of them pre sented hiiu with an address containing not only the usual complimentary phrases but requests that be would obtain for them from the Home Government trial by jury and liberty to trade in ships with any natious. They had heard at that time of Robert Campbell's difficulties but not yet of his success). They so far believed iii Bligh as to trust him as their friend, and they were not, as was subsequently alleged, men to be bought for a dram. They were mostly settlers on the Hawkesbury ; amongst theiu, therefore, these worthy people who in 1809 erected a stone-built church for themselves at a cost of £-100. Men of such virtue and com petency were not likely to bo the tools of grog- sellers or to express confidence in a Governor one month and desire his deposition the next. But towards those whom he regarded as tbe oppressors of the settlers, the extortioners who had broken up homes, left families destitute, and in Governor Hunter's phrase " brought many men to the gaol and the place of execution," there is little doubt lie was 1 merciless and stem. And they banded them selves together against him., How he stormed 1 and swore is quite beside the question. If Governor King was moved to tears by an ex hibition of passion, 'John Macarthur was not, nor yet to the extreme course he subsequently took. He had hitherto by pressure aud resolute opposition defeated all the Governors lie had been opposed to. He had coerced his two coin- mandinglofficers with sword or pistol (he fought duels with Colonels Eoveaux aud Patterson), and should he not succeed iu his battle with this man also? At least he would try. That he did try there is evidence enough. Charles Walker, master mariner, swore in the court martial that lie had heard Macarthur say Bligh had " better take care how he disposed of Government property to settlers, or he would perhaps get another trip in his launch ;" and 20 years after Macarthur himself said 0 Doctor Lang, "1 have been the cause of sending every Governor out of the colony out the last" (Macqunric). lie led his party throughout ; he was the master mind amongst them ; he had but to call and they rallied around him and accepted ids advice if they did not actually take jus commands. And appreciating thoroughly ids inteiligence ami soundness of judgment, it is difficult to believe otherwise than that he foresaw the act of rebellion from the outset of his direct opposition. ,ILc was perfectly familiar with all the forms of law in tlio colony, He knew the power of the Governor, and he had formed an estimate of his character and, he set himself to bring matters to a crisis. The story is very simple. There was a law, or a Governor's order that had all the effect of law, that any vessel leaving the port should find surotics'to guarantee against her carrying away any prisoners of the Crown. The Parramatta schooner was owned by John Macarthur and Garnham Blnxccll, and they became sureties for her good conduct in this matter to the ex tent of £1)00. But the Parramatta did take away a prisonur named Hoare, and lie escaped at Otahcite. This being satisfac torily proved, the schooner on "her re turn was seized by the naval officer, and the forfeiture of the bonds demanded. But Macarthur refused to pay. The naval officer therefore dctaiued the schooner, and then Macarthur refused to victual the officers and crew. They came ashore and made their com plaint. It must bo rcmbcrcd that the Vagrant Act was very strictly enforced in those days, and to be " unauthorised" in any place was an offence. Thesc.:men would appear to have re mained some days 011 shore and to have im portuned the Governor, and therefore the Governor instructed the Judge-Advocate to commaud Macarthur to attend in Sydney at 10 o'clock 011 tho next morning to show cause for lii9 conduct in this matter, Macarthur did not go to Sydney, but replied by letter that the naval officer having possession of the ship he had nothing whatever to do with the crew, upon which a formal warrant was issued, aud the chief constable was ordered to execute it. This ho straightway attempted, and beiug a man of peace — for before his appointment in tho colony he had been a missionary in the islands — he went about the matter gently, though at an inopoortune hour. It was 1 1 o'clock at night, and," says Mr! Macarthur, " I was seated with iny family preparing to go to bed, wh«n this most undesirable person appeared with instruc tions and intent to take me away to gaol." He did not go to gaol; but, tolling the coustablc to tell those who sent him that their next messenger would do well to come well armed, wrote this reply: "You will inform tho persona who havo sent you. here with thia warrant that I will never submit to the horrid tyranny that ia attempted uutil I am forced ; that I consider it with scoru and con tempt, as I do the persons who havo directed it to be executed." Now, let us imagiuc a judge of the Supreme Court of to-day so treated, Sir James Martin, Kt., if we will, and ask ourselves what hia actions would have been in presence of his -authority and orders thus flouted and di«- oboyed ? A bond forfeited but not paid, men left to shift for them selves in town contrary to express regu lations, a summons disobeyed, a warrant resisted, himself alluded to as " a person," aud with scorn and contempt. What would have been hia immediate action ? Judge- Advocate Atkins ordered the constable to arrest Dir. Macarthur by force, and tbat order was obeyed in Mr. Grimes's house in Sydney on the following morning. He was taken to the house of the Judge-Advocate aud admitted to bail, Messrs. Blnxccll and Bayly being his sureties. Sub sequently be was brought before a bench of magistrates, and by them committed to take bis trial before tko'eriminal court ou January 26.- These events took place iu the latter days of December. Early iu January events crowded. On the 4tb, Captaiu Putlaud, Bligh's son-in-law, commanding tho Porpoise, died. A day or two after Macarthur began to fence in au allotment of ground near to tho churchyard, on which was a well used by the public. 'Bligli objected and ordered the superintendent of works to remove tho posts. Macarthur protested, but negotiations were begun for auother allotment in another part of thu town. Macarthur then drew up a formal protest against Atkins sitting as his judge, alleging him to be of infamous charac ter and, moreover, in his debt and at bitter enmity with him. Bligh inquired into the matter and found that the debt was a H years old affair — a bill which the Judge- Advocate stated had never been regu larly protested. Further, it was discovered that tlio Judge-Advocate's office was held by patent from the Crown, and that Governor Bligh had no power whatever to appoint another in his place. Ho might suspend hitn, but where was the proof of offence? "Iufamous conduct" was freely charged, but if the judge was iu any way guilty ; ot' an offence against the law ho was amenable to the law and should by the law be tried. It can hardly lie couceivcd that Macarthur ever imagined his protests in this way would receive attention t ho was desirous, rather, to heap obstacle on obstacle, and he kept at his work. The day of trial came. The six officers were assembled and sworn by the Judge- Advocate. The Judge-Advocate requested Captaiu Kemp, as senior officer, to swear hiui, and then Mac arthur arose and said he had a protest to read. Atkins protested, but the six officers decided that it should bo allowed ; and so the reading, or rather the declamation, began. It was a forcible, nil eloqucut, a passionate, and to the Judge-Advocate an offensive nrotest. Air. Macarthur had many reasons ; he had re ceived no copy of the indictment against him ; Atkins was his debtor and his enemy; and, fur ther, "I cau prove that he lias for many years cherished a rancorous inveteracy against me," such as might be expected " to proceed from him to a man whose life and conduct Is, I trust, a public satire on his own." Further— " He has associated and combined with that well-known dismembered limb of the law, George Crosslcy, with intent to accomplish my destruction. Then he had, " as by tbo interposition of Divine Providence," found proof of intercourse betw.een CrosBley and Atkins. A letter was dropped from tbe pocket of Crosslcy and brought to him, and as Atkins must act in the capacity of both judge aud juror he would prove from many authorities that it was utterly incompetent for him to sit. Atkins, weak and ignorant and doubtless vain, really' incompetent for his olfico, replied passionately that there could be no court without him aud that he would himself commit Macarthur to gaol. A scene of violence and disorder fol lowed. The judge left tlio court, and officers consulted amongst themselves and resolved that they would not proceed until another Judgc- Advocatc had been appointed. Meanwhile in Government House the Governor, with Mr. Robert Campbell and Mr. John Pahner, magistrates of tho territory, Mr. Fuller, the clergy man. aud Mr. Griffin, private secretary, had been interviewed by the irate and dis traught Atkins. The Governor decided, bcyoud doubt, but there is evidence that his decision had the cordial support of the magistrates. Ho said the officers must accept the judge aud tho trial proceed. The officers would not so proceed; and letter after letter passing without any agree ment they wore at length summoned to appear before the Governor to answer for their con duct. Meantime, the Governor sent twice by au orderly to Lieut.-Colonol Johnson at Aunan- dalc, hut that gentleman had been over turned iu his gig returning from the mess dinner of the 2-ltb, and could not coiuc. In these circumstances dawned the morning of January 25, 1808. Provost Marshal Gore ou that day madciafiidavit that Macarthur was out of his "legal custody and also out of bail, aud Macarthur was accordingly-locked up, aud then came the fatal, yet not perhaps in its larger re sults deplorable, action. Colonel Johnston came In ; and, it being represented to him that "Macarthur 'might privately be made away with " and that the whole community was so agitated as to be on the verge of insurrection, he determined to assume the supremo power, lie wrote an order for thu prisonous release, and there cau be little doubt that this prisoner released, .straightway assumed the chief management of affairs. A tumultuous multi tude had besought Johnston to arrest the Governor, but Macarthur said, "You should not do it without a written requisition. I will write." Ami he did write and sigucd his own name first, ami then the " tumultuous multitude" dwindled at once to nine persons. Only nine pcr- sous signed the document upon which Coloucl Johnston acted : for Mr. Grimes, tLio ninth on the list, acknowledged afterwards that he did not affix his name till late in the evening of the same day ; and, 'authorised by this requisition, the Colonel ordtred the drums to neat to quarters ami headed the march of bis troops to Govern ment House. The Colonel's face was badly bruised, his arm was iu a sling. He inarched at tbe head of the column, and after him came the baud of fifes and drums playing " The Bri tish Grenadiers." It was half-past 4 iu the summer's afternoon when the march began from the barracks (now Wynyard- square) to Government House, a verandah cottage ou the west side of what is now O'Connoll-strcet. Air. Oakcs witnessed it "from the corner of Pitt Row, about 200 yards away." The sccue that followed is not creditable to the attacking party. There were evident violence and rudeness, and if Mr. Macarthur had any fear of being privately made away with in tbe gaol, it is clear that the Governor bad too much reason to dread assassination 111 his own house. lie was sitting with Ids family when the first signs" of attack were perceived ; dressed iu plain clothes aud iu mourning, for Captain Rutland was but three weeks dead. Immediately he noted the arrival of the troops he went upstairs, calling for his military coat and his sword. Brave Mrs. Rutland rushed down to the gate to prevent the entrance of the soldiers. Her efforts were ineffectual, of course. They eutcrcd and proceeded to search the house. The Governor, knowing the importance of concealing or destroying his private dispatches, gathered as many of them as he could, aud hidiug bun- sell for a while in a back bedroom, sought to conceal or destroy thcui. To the story of his couccalmcnt beneath the bed I attach uo credit whatever. Bligh was of too hard metal to crack tip in that ignominious fashion. He desired to escape if possible, to get away to the Hawkes bury, where "he was well assured the people would flock to his standard," and he doubtless would have resorted to extraordinary means to make his escape and have sought any place of effective concealment ; but tbe preponderance of the cvidcucc of actual cyo-wittiesscs is that he was found standing on the bed iu a back room witli one hand ou bis breast (he had been con cealing papers), and of the arresting soldiers one said lo the other, " Take care, he has a pistol 1" AU these affairs came to trial in England in May, 18 U, and he who will read the report of that trial can hardly fail to be struck by the painful contlictof testimony from witnesses of high standiug and good repute. Not only do privates aud uou- comiuissioncd officers differ in their versions of what took place at and after the arrest, .but Johu Macarthur and Robert Camp bell arc found in direct contradiction on matters of fact to which both must have been witnesses. Tho Governor also makes positive assertions which are as positively denied by Colonel John ston. The effort to justify the arrest, however, failed most miserably. Colonel Johnston sought to show that Bligh, by repeated acts of tyrrany, such as overriding the decision of tbe court, pulling dowu men's houses, checking enterprise and thwarting men in their legitimate undertakings, had brought the colony to a rebellious condition ; that on the imprisonment of Mncarthur no re spectable man felt safe ; that tlio six officers be ing threatened with arrest the great body of the troops had evinced a disposition to rescue them, and if Bligh had becu permitted to con tinue in his own way the coiouy would have broken out into open insurrection, and murder and outrago would certainly have followed. Farther, he sought to show that there was a general impression in the coiouy that Bligh was virtually iu the hand of " the infamous Cross- ley," that the convict lawyer really originated the measures to which Bligh gave effect. The answer to each and every charge was very com plete. The petition from the bulk of tbe 888 settlers presented 011 the 1st day of the year (24 days before the mutiny) goes far to re but the charge of general discontent. The tyranny in prosecution, the alleged revers ing of the decisions of the courts was, in the two cases relied ou, totally disproved, aud Lieutenant Minchin, the principal evi dence in one case, made a very sorry show of himself under cross- examiuatiou. The pulling down of houses turned out to be the compulsory removal of houses from the Govern ment Domain aud the restriction imposed upou people who desired to build within the town. The checking and thwarting of incniu legitimate enterprises depended chiefly on the evidence of Mr. John Blaxluud, nud there can be no doubt that gentleman was exceedingly sorry that he ever entered the court, for ho did not make it clear that his own part in the bargain had bceu honorably fulfilled. The condition of the towns folk is described by the one side as perfectly quiet until tho drum beat to quarters, by the other as tumultuous aud insurrectionary ; but tho desire of the people is best shown by tho requisition on which Colonel Johnston acted. It had nine signatures. He understood himself to bo commanded by tho great majority of the respectable inhabitants to take tho desperate atep, and yet only nine were found willing to take tho responsibility of makiug a formal demaud. And of these nine Macarthur and his bondsmen, Bayly and Blaxccll, were three. Surely, had not tho matter been pre determined (though not of necessity by Colonel Johnston), with Mucurtbur iu protection of the military, and the turbulent soldiers held by their own officers, it might havo been left in abeyance till the morrow, the will of the people havo been clearly expressed, aud all the circumstances, with their dangers aud risks, havo bceu placed by Colonel Johnston himself before the Governor. A compro mise might then have been possible, and the opinion of the Home authorities have becu ascertained. That, however, was not desired. For tho lirst time in the history of tho colony the military and trading party had been met by a power that would not yield. Bligh had made it sufficiently clear that settlers should not agaiu be tempted to barter their stock; estates, and cveu their own personal liberty for rum ; that the orphnuages and gaol should uot be crowded by the victims of " the ring," that imurisnument and punishment should only fol low proper committal and trial, and that settlement should bo encouraged rather than trade. How deeply such resolves as those would cut into the most vital interests of tho powers that had been a very Utile reflection will aliow. Captain Waterhouso tells us how men whom ho had known iu very lowly posi tions, with nothing indeed to call their «wn, d id in three or four years by unscrupulous trade achieve such position that they went riding out to their estates ou tho Hawkesbury in gigs or on horseback with a servant behind to curry au overcoat iu caso it should rain, and Governors Hunter, Kiug ami Bligh quote instances of men who had literally found fortunes iu rum casks, making more than 1000 pur cent, profit, while Maurice Margaret, the Scottish martyr, who lived iu tho colony from 1701 to 1810, after de claring that trade in the colony meant iirst monopoly and then extortion, added that the officers, civil and militarv. wore to a man en gaged re it. Upou tlus trade, aud particularly tbo rum part of it, Bligh set his foot in no equivocal fashion, and, most significant fact, just seven days bofore the mutiny, the City of Edinburgh arrived, haviug on board 22,000gal. of rum— stock which, if secured by tbo old monopoly and dispensed in tho usual mauuer, would have returned a pro fit of not less than £50,000. J. offer uo com ment on that fact ; it cau speak for itself. Doubtless at the time it did speak, and was heard and answered. The soldiers and the mm- sellers marched down together ; tho Governor was arrested ; Colonel Johnston issued his pro clamation, but there is again conflict of evidence as to whether a salute was fired and the towns folk broke out into open rejoicing. Commis sary Palmer swore that every wan \yko had a cart or a wheelbarrow was compolled to get in wood for tho bonfires, and Sergeant Whittle, who was called a9 a witness at the courtmartiai to prove that all men were jubilant and made the bonfires of their own free will, fainted away uudor cross-examination aud was heard 110 more. And whon the fatal step had been taken what clemency distinguished the conquerors Biigii and his family were necessarily con fined aud watched, and not, under John ston, treated with harshness or severity ; but Gore, the Provost Marshal, was seized, charged with perjury in having sworn tbat M'Arlknr was out of his custody, confined for eleven weeks in a condemned cell, and after wards scut to the coal mines, the penal settle ment. Crossloy was straightaway sentenced to seven years' transportation, Mr. George Suttor had six months' imprisonment lor disturbing the peace of the colony by speaking iu favor of Bligh, Parson Fultou was suspended from the performance of his ministerial # func tions, John Palmer, commissary and magistrate, dismissed; Mr. Oakey, chief constable at Parra matta, dismissed ; Robert Catupcll,_ the most respected magistrate of the _ territory, dis missed ; aud Richard Atkins, judge-advocate, dismissed, but, afterwards, showiug a useful complaisance, re-appointed. Mr. John Mac arthur bccamo Colonial Secretary, practically administrator of the colony, and all the chief persons who had been concerned iu tho depos- iug of the Governor were made magistrates or suitably rewarded. Colonel Johuston, how- ; ever, made 110 profit for himself aud< took immediate stops to transfer the responsibility ho had unwisely taken. Governor Bligh's action in taking over tho rorpoisc i9 more difficult to defend than any other episode of his career. By his word of honor he was bound to have gone straight to England. Ho argued doubt less that by his higher duties and his oaths of office he was bound lo assert his authority. It might have bceu better for him had lie at once goue home ; ccrtaiuly it would have bceu better for his reputation had he quietly cudurcd liis imprisonment until Macqua- rtc's arrival. But this is not a large matter, and indeed is not given prominence in the estimates unfavorable critics make of the Governor's character. As a tyrant and a coward he has been condemned, and as it seems to me unjustly and against reliablo evidence. This at least stands : he was never condemned by any competent court, he rose after each and every misfortuue, he was ono of the best navigators of his time and could fight a ship as well assail her. He could lead his men across decks slippery with blood, aud did so lead thcniaud to victory at tho Battle of Copenhagen 5 and under the most trying and distress ing circumstances imaginable, marooned in mid-ocean in a boat loaded with living freight almost to tho water's edge, he maintained the absolute control and kept the confidence of his men, and, suffering and cuduring, piloted them to safety over one of the most remarkable voyages on record. In this colony also he bnd the esteem and goodwill of the great majority of the most respectable inhabitants, but it fell to bis lot to oppose men in the gratification of their fiercest passions, the satisfaction of their strongest desires. He had to provcut tho re turn of Christian and his mates to thcOtahcitau women aud to curb the avarice of the New South Wales Corps and the traders with whom they wore associated. Aud in his own way, which was stern, for his nature was stern, ; and rude also may be, as the times were rude, lie did his duty iu both instances and suffered therefore, but found, as he deserved, ultimate reward. After his return from New South Wales he was mado a Fellow of the Royal Society and Vice-admiral of the Blue. lie died on December 7, 1827, and was buried in the Churchyard of St. Mary's, Lambeth Parish, Loudon. 