OUR PARIS LETTER. (FlLOM OUE COUKESPONDEST.) PAKLS, March 6. Hamlet was first represcnted-in France in 1769\. at the Theatre Francais. It was ar-. ranged by Onrcis in five acts and verse, but as gipsies do stoleu cliildreu distignred to make them unrecognisable, it was a para phrase rather, .than a translation, and lacked the energy and suppleness ot tB® OrignSL The interpretation too, had to bow to the prejudices of the classical school, which found a ghost, a rat in the areas, and a graveyard, scenes too realistic. . Durcis helped to make " the divine Williams" known to his countrymen. lie discovered the " Hard of Avon," as Duthas did the Mediterranean. Since then the ciy is " still they coine !" respecting translations, where the arrangers or adapters pi"oceed generally on the principle, they knew more about his plays than the poet himself. They forgot that .Shakespeare was simply a playright. like Moliere; that he wrote and acted to live; that he was ignorant of schools of ihilosophy, but rich in wordly experience, teen observation, and a natural. deep insight into those thonghts that breathe, and which he had the knack to express in " words that burn." Respecting Hamlet, the most popular of Shakespeare's dramas in France, it has been represented without a ghost, as was Macbeth without Binquo. Hamlet himself has had for interpreter a personage as burly as FalstafiL Hugo's son, Francois Victor, demoted his years iu exile to translate Shakespeare, and perhaps has most succeeded. The best acting edition is that by Dumas p<rre and Paul Meutice, whose brother was married to Hugo's pet daughter, tile newly wedded pair being drowned together during their honeymoon. The French thoroughly seize the complex character of Hamlet, moiety real,* moiety ideal, and endowed with doubt and melancholy. The drama, said Guizot. reveals the profound' and intimate state of a great soul, while being f ill of terrible and burlesque fantasies. Chateaubriand called the play the tragedy of the demented, a royal bedlam; where everyone is insane and criminal; where simulated encounters real lunacy; where madmen counterfeit madmen ; where death itself furnishes the skull of a fool ; where one sees only specta-es and hears only dreams. Jealousy made Voltaire prefer Addison's Cato to .Suakespeare's tragedies. It may be safely affirmed that the latter are more frequently interpreted on the French stage than any of Voltaire's own pieces; and why ? Because the English poet has painted humanity in all the shades of passion that agitate or attract it, whether good or eviL Whatever has made the heart of man beat in all time unfolds itself under our eyes in the most vital and striking iablemnc. Each : of his characters is a symbol of a human passion. It- is because Samlet is the most philosophical and the most dramatic that its profoundness pleases and stirs the multitude." Ha-nlct is ' not "viewed either as' a sceptic or the type of hesitation. He has a mission of vengeance, which is confounded in his whole being. His life is exhausted by this work, for it throws him back iolently on himself; makes him not a man. but the instrument of an idea. The latter accompli&ed; or missed, the instrument stops; he ceases to exist, bemuse he can no more act. It is Fortimbras, the man of real life and positive interests, the man of action in a word, who reaps the heritage of the sublime maniac, wii j snccumbs even under the excess even of fidelity to duty. Such is the Hamlet that Parisians always see with their mind's eye, and that M.'Garnier has endeavoured to pourtray at the Porte Saint-Martin theatre, with Sarah Bernhardt as Ophelia. The .play has been arranged by Messrs. Sampson and Cressonnois. It is in verse. All that can be said of the new translation is, that the work ling been earnestly done, and has fewer imperfections than many others who have put the tiagedy in a French dress. M- Gamier's diction is defective; the voice when not linking to an inaudible whisper, is as sepulchral as a crow's suffering from infinenza. He recites where he ought to act, and his declamation is jerk}', which study and practice would improve. Sarah Bernhardt always desired to appear -as Ophelia, to please English and Amer:cans. She even learned English to study the original- She has been a complete success iu depicting that flower of innocence, which lives and dies in the midst of flowers. The parts of the ghost and Polonius were well filled, and the scenery charmingly true to the eleventh centmy. Humanity has just had its gala day at the Academy of Siaences, to hear M. Pasteur's report on his 350 cases of preventive vaccination against hydrophobia treated since the close of last October. He divided the total into three groups ; 100 persons vaccinated 60 days beyond the period of 40 days, when hydrophobia naturally follows the dog bite. These he pronounces 'saved, and he has no reason to doubt also success for the others. There was only one failure, that of a little girl, terribly worried by a mad tlog, and brought to lie treated 37 days—or three before the fatally tixed date after the accident. It must be remembered that all the 330 patients have been certified by veterinary surgeons as having been bitten .by mad dogs. Ihe eminent Professor Vulpian bore testimony to Pasteur s perfect cure. Admiral de la Graviere thanked the fampue scientist, In" the" name of humanity, and the-latter votes «« em. M. de Lesseps wired from Colon bis congratulations to Pasteur, and the Society of Authors, at their banquet the same evening, toasted Pasteur's health in Arfoois wine, the product of his native place. A lottery is to be organised to erect an international "Pasteur hospital," for the treatment of patients bitten by mad dogs, and, further, to allow the great physiologist to pursue lus aew experiments for. the prevention of consumption, epilepsy, and mental derangement, anil which already shadow forth succcss. Ihe treaty with Madagascar has . been sighed; indeed the deputies bad "tonly Hob: eon's choice. Ihe debate took the curious turn of an ettack on the American and English missionaries One orator assertaal ifc.was perfide Album negotiated the treaty, and hence it ought to be rejected. Perhaps she pulled the French out of the slouch as in China.- Combe de Mun, the friend of the working man, irat who not the Iras votes to keep American grain and jxirk out of France w anted to tnow what was the nse of Madagascar, when England now -possesses Egypt and commands the Suez end of the Red Sea ? Madagascar Is-needed*® a crutch for the colony of- Beunion. frbere, since slavery wsi abolished in 1646-^t is said by French janro.jE to.erfet S&U; in-Senegal; the Ijh^raietTniig^ivreliise to.wort- for lore or money. They form co-operative s-ijieties of idleness, as a handful of rice or manioc, and a Becond-hand piece of caliuo suffices for their daily bread and annual toilet.. The French Government has been obliged to annually vote grants for the " Immigration of Codies" to till the land.while the-cuuutiy suffers trou. a plethora of idle, grinning niggers. The MalagaQ-s decline to emigrate as Coolies ; the revival of a slave trade is as impossible as the exclusion of America, Germany, England, &e.;, from the benefit of the most favored trading nation clause; excepting winding up a bad adventure, France has not gained much in Madagascar. It was intended to conquer the island, and make it a New Jerusalem for the socialists of the mother country. Let Frai.ce not enter on a crusade against the methodists, nor ruin the Malagasy's by heavy taxation, and by se- curing colonists she may be able to make something out of her new "political protectorate." The Malagasys are not unfriendly to France, as a French writer states the first question they ask when boarding a French vessel is, " How is M.. Grevy V' Were the following figures prepare! from the latest Blue and Yellow Books, affixed to the lobby-walls of the Chamber <if Deputies, as mural decorations, they might assist in appeasing the hereditary suspicions, entertained by Frenchmen, 'that England is jealous of France becoming "great, glorious, and free." The area of Englaud ana France is respectively, 121,115 and 201,000 square miles ; or, including their colonies, 9,000,000 and 971.000 square miles; their home populations 37 and 38 millions respectively, or in the total of their realms, 316 and 64 millions. In the 26 millions wliicb form the .colonial population of France, she has only half-amillioa of Frenchmen. The Rational Debt of England is 740| millions sterling; of France, 912. The annual revenue expenditure of England and France is respectively^ SS audJ33 millions sterling.' The total ofannual imports and exports is. 'for "England and her colonies. 1.076.020,000 and for France and her colonies 418 millions, sterling. Moral: in round numbers, England has an empire, nine times superior: a national debt, smaller by one-fifth ; an annual home expenditure, two-thirds less, and trading transactions, 2£ times greater. 