CROAKING. [By Hugh Kalyptcs.] Amidst all this dismal croaking, and the woeful utterances of men whose only mission it seeniB to be in this life 1b to make every body as deep in the doleful damps as them selves, it is perfectly refreshing to find a man here and there who crows instead of croak ing, and sees the silver-lining of the cloud when others can only sit and grumble under its shadowy parts. Now I don't mind a good grumbler. I grumble a bit myself some times when a dilatory thunderstorm stag nates my liver, bnt a grumbler is very different from a croaker. I have known men who would grumble consumedly over the merest trifle if it happened to hit against their humour, but they always did their work well nevertheless. A good hearty growl often serves as a sort of safety-valve, and prevents a man from swearing; and I'have noticed that growlers often work well—for their bark is worse than their bite—whereas the croaker is fit for nothing, because he looks on the dismal side of things with no disposition to tackle them and brighten them up a bit. Growling may merely mean a disorder liver or a touch of dyspepsia, but croaking signifies a chronic state of unhopefuiness, if I may use the term. The growler is hasty tempered perhaps, bnt gets over it, and even while be growls over his work he acknow ledges the necessity of and importance of it by closing it; but the croaker deserves not well of his fellows, for he is a perpetual wet blanket. He IB like the horse that Bnlkily hangs back in the traces, while the other re sembles the horse that kicks and goes ahead. Thank goodness croaking is not a charac teristic of South Australians, but we have a few in our midat, mostly from abroad. Growling has often been the means of doing good and effecting reforms, but croaking never did; for growling has a sort of aggres sive tone about it that demands some atten tion ; but croaking commands neither sym pathy nor pity, but provokes contempt. The growler on a wet holiday goes back for his umbrella, and growlingly goes forth obsti nately determined to show the clerk of the weather that he is not to be beaten, bat means to meet him and his disoomforting downpour out of sheer opposition; but the croaker sees no prospect of ttie day being better, and he sits by his fireside and croaks everybody into a state oi supreme misery. The cheering, manly tone taken by Borne of our leading men ;n this season of surprising frauds, severe depression, and unexampled muddling, is just the kind of thing a commu nity like ours can appreciate, for after all there is always a dawn after the darkest night. May it come and confound the croakers. In the wordB of the old song— What is the use of repining. For where there's a will there's a way; To-uiorrow the sun may be shining, Although it is cloudy to-day. Hugh Knlyptus remarksThe City Fathers have a happy knack of doing that which tbcy ought not to do. and leaving undone what they ought to have done. It Beems that some of them like trees and some of them like them not, They planted Moreton Bay figs, and in neglecting to pay them proper attention. allowed the roots to appear above the surface to such an extent that they became unsightly, whereupon the sapient City Fathers rose in their wrath against some of the offending trees, and decreed their destruction. Now, if they would only occa sionally go in procession to the Botanic Gar dens and see the way Dr. Schomburgk deals with his Moreton Bay figs they might leara a thing or two, and not recklessly cut them down in their prime. The wise doctor trims the roots of bis figs in such a way that they do not prove unsightly, and a noble avenue they make. It is enough to make the ghost of poor Mr. Samuel Raphael haunt the streets of his former word, and the 4 little garden of our children,' of which he was so energetic a protector. It has been most pithily said that a tree can be cat down in an hour that it took centuries to develop. It takes the lifetime of several City Fathers to make a fine foliage tree an ornament to the city, and the question is which is the greatest and most abiding decoration to the munici pality—a noble tree or a City Councillor." An aboriginal known as Harry the Ape— who strongly resembled a monkey—was very recently induced to have his photograph taken. The picture was so unlike that of a man that a lady on seeing it remarked, <4 Oh, what a large monkey; and it is dresBed like a man too." Harry the Ape, on being told of this, was quite proud of it, and said, 44 Oh yes, me like 'im. Monkey Jacko my father.'' Some may say that he was the missing link discovered at last, but it turned out on en quiry that there was an]old native of the tribe bearing that name, who was probably the father of Harry, 