THI DAY'S NEWS. Tbsrc ui two inportsot sporting events oc- suniug to-dxy. Oos is ths return IntercoloaUl srickst mstoh between Vietorls end New South Wslss, whlcch wus ooinmenced on the I srsud of the Nv South VaIm Am. sociAtion, Moor Pxtk, Sydney, st noon teduy ; mi the other is the Klsternwiek Psrk JxouAry rsos nesting, which is being held on the coons of the Victorinn Trotting Club. Psr- tteutets of the progress of the cricket scutch up till Innchoon tine, und of th noes op to tho tias of going to press will be found in another column. A Thihd Sditiov of Til HutAU) will he published shout hAftf-pest four o'clock, And will oontnln a report of tho cricket scotch ud ol tho fueee op till thot hour. A Fuletu Edition whtch will go to pros About al o'clook, will oootaln full itperts of tho two prindpul sport ing events, as well of tho minor oaos, end nil the lAtest gonsrul usws. The incoming smil stenmsr, Sorstu, from Engluad vis Adolsido, left ths lntter port yea terdsy morning, und la expoc ed to Arrive in the bey tnrly to morrow morning. She will be tsken oloupid the rsilwny pier, WiUinmjtoQi end a spedAl tnda will ooovs/ psnsngers to MelbournOa There is very little fresh to report la re ference to the whntf laborers' dispute nod the BoMtd of Arbitrstioa, to which it bus been auiuwUy Agreed to submit th matter in di»- puis. Messrs Murphy and Ivans, who have the charge and supervision cf the matter will employ a solkUor to draft a document »tttinjf ont ihs points in dispute which have io it decided by tho hoard. This ia technically known as the submission to arbitration. Ou Tuesday evening tho arbitrators will hold a meeting for tho purpose of appointing a chairman. Th names of Mr Justics HlgiuUAhemaudof Mi Speight, ebairnun or the hallway Commissioners, have been mentioned ail those of gentlemen who would be admirably suitable for ths position. Nj doubt tl sy would hs, hut it ie hackly likely tAat either of thorn would he bl« to spare Iks requisite Urns from Ikeu official dutiss. This moraing th members of ths Mow South Wal« and Yictoriaa Commission ou ' Water Supply mot ia private ia ths heard room of the leAiidt Department There was a large attend ance of members, Mr Alfred Deakla, ELL. piesident cf th Victorian Commission, being iu the cbsfr. The ffidMng wm not g Mag sue, tie only husinsse trasmeotsd being the ooafirm- ation of a number of details fixed on at pn- vicoi meetings ef the Commission. Tn« majvrity of the Mow South Waloe membere leave by the aftoOAsu UaU (gy Sydney. The Hou G. R. Imw0riifs, OsuuhdSM of Customs, returns te-msmw fsnm his vsyssf iafpf-Ctin t-f i' 4>n th" V if tun ii . ,>ant y tt" k Ih»» opp.Mtanity of iLukit g hv vi i S-) t i« (<»veruinvu w»n«r Dfspatcb, by which » «ix months sup »1y of Mi>rc ww taV u i .imid uhke 10 the P.iaro ou gihm'i Piomouiory and other places. Ths Telegraph depanmrot has been advieetl from Aden that tvlsHraius for Mauritiun Lould reaoh Adsn before 6 p.m. on Bundayt the 244k UaL A telegram posted in tha Exchange states: — "Temperance Hotel, Kaniva, owned by Hannah Stradwick, and mortgaged to Thomp- on, storekeeper, Horsham, burnt down at 4:30 am to-day. Insured in National Company for L550." Another fire notice reports the burn- ing of a portion of the dwelling of one John Blake, about a mile out of Beechworth. The recent hot weather has had the effect of bringing thoroughly to life reptilian existence. Nearly five feet of carpet snake was got by some sportsmen close to the Kororoit Creek very recently, while another party imme- diately afterwards had to request one of the tiger species to quietly give up the ghost. It is understood that a movement is about to be set on foot to induce the Government to stay its hand in the matter of leasing any part of the West Melbourne Swamp at all adjacent to the Yarra. The object is to have the land reserved for the construction eventually of extensive docks, and part of the swamp area is now about the only space available for such works. The improvements of tha Yarra at present going on are felt by many far seeing people—extensive as these improvements are to be—only the com- mencement of a much more comprehensive scheme yet to be developed, and without dock accommodation sufficiently large the commercial progress of the city would unquestionably be hindered. In speaking at ths temperance meeting in connection with ths Wesley aa Conference held in the North Melbourne Church last night, the Hev. John Brown, who bM'jast returned from a trip around tho world, related tome rather tall stories about America. He said that he ued seen telegraph poles sight feet in diameter, and two hundred feet high. He bad also itsen tntn sound asleep in bed and nnLessed, when aroused by the ringing of a bell spring out of bed, pnt on thuir clothes, come down stair, and barns up and hitch In their bom in the space of six seconds. He had during bis abfcfice iut«nrLjed one of the widows of the late Biigham Young. He only got the favor througli being an Au&traliui;, and was afterwards sorry th.it he went, for eb lectured to him on MoruKmt-m for two solid hoots. He had also gone liUy mites out of hi-t way to see the celebrated trotter .Maud S. Mr Brown was announced to delives a temperance epeech, but spoke principally about bimself and his travels, but the audience wa very good humored, ami appeared quit satis- tied with what tbsy received. In tho eoorso of the current month, the Melbourne Young M-nV Christian Assocatiou bee supplied six young men with clothing, found permanent empiuymei t for one man, and temporary emplojiuhit (or another, besides assisting others pecuniarily and otherwise. The Belief Committee of the Association say that their fuxds are in need of btdp, u> d they ssk those in good dxconut taccj to come to the rescue. When Joachim Frederick Eagen, the Colling- wood grocer end fraudulent insolvent, »b- scondsd from ths ooiony wme eighteen months Ago a reward of L100 was offered for bis arrest by the trustees la the estate, Messrs Davey, Flack and Company. He was arrested In Lon don by the Scotland Yard police on information supplied by Bsrgsant-detective Walsh, who got a cine to his whereabout# from a clerk in one of our basking institutions, and following it up pnt the English polios properly on to him. Recently the reward wan handed over to the Chief Commissioner of Police, who has divided it bet wet d ticrgeaat Wal>h, the bank official who gave him th cine, and the Scotland Yard police effected the arrest. L76 goes to the t vo former, and Lib to the English police. Doting ths present mouth, »p to date, twenty- one new members have bean added te the roll of the Melbourne Yonn Men's Christian Association. Since ths Anglers' Club appointed a bailiff to watch ths mouth of th River Werribse, those persons who used to n«t tho fish in th stream against it law hav disappeared, th vigilance ot Constable M'Ksnxis, ths officer appointed, having prevented them from carrying ou their ilwgul occupation. The success ful remits which have folio eed this delegation of authority have led the club to decide upon appointing a bailiff to watch cortaio pnr. Hoes of tho Saltwater river. Thia river used to iwsrm with splendid bream, bat for some time past it has been hardly worth the trouble to visit it for angling purposes, and it bus besu (opposed that the fish hav dussrted t is locality but reosst discoveries have prove i that the cause of ths scarcity of the fish has been wholesale netting, which ba been carried oa during the night by unprincipled fishermen. Only a few even lags ago a boat, with two men and a boy in it, was seen coming down th stream with a net tewing behind, and in ths boat were several doean splendid breim. The person who observed this, aud whs takes aa interest in ths preservation of tbs'finny trib>hss expressed his wUlioguesi to act in the capacity of Assistant Inspector of Fisheries should hs be appointed to the office, and the clnb have decided to reoommend to the Fisheries Department that he bo eo appointed. Power is conferred by th Fisheries Act upon any Inspector of Fisheries te seize nets ia sny river, creek, or stream in toe colony, and tha tame Act provides -that If any person resist or assault, or incite or encourage any person to resist or assault any constable, inspector of flsbarias, or any pvrvon appointed under the Aetin the execution or b's duly such person shall he liable to a penally not exceeding L20, or to Imprisonment tor a period net exceeding three rMhv Some informal Inn ooaeemiag Urn condition »t the River Werribse, whieh has been funisntd to the Anglers' Clnb by their bailiff of that stream, will be acceptable to the disciples of " Old Ike." The bailiff, in his report for yesterday, saya; u The river is at present very muddy. It was clearing nioely until Sxturdsy nfght last, when another fresh came do vu, and it is now t hicher than it has been at no y time during tha reason. In my opinion it will be at least a fortnight before tho rim will De iu a fit state for fishing." We learn from Mr Henry Poett, who hav jost returned from New Guinea with tbe Eipednioa party under Captain Streehan, that the col lection of Mew Guinea animals, etc., in.eo.ied to be brought to Sydooy nearly all di -d on the way, o» leg to the rough weather. He eaye: - "We had two little animals called 'Caeca,' a kind of opoeaum peculiar, I bell we, to New Guinea— one died ten days ago, aj! the oth«ir when do op to Sydney. Pity, f j" they have never been landed alive in By dan. All oar alligators are dead, tha last auocumbiog this noising (the 19th Instant). Several cm-j »ary«t bav alio died, hesidaa oockatoor, doves and other birds. A New Guinea oat I had taken particular care of disappeared rather myster iously. I don't think ho died ou board I have an idea seme oue found blm a nnUaoc and chucked bim overboard." The pk-ty go into Sydney harbor on Thursday last. " Baptist " atadi ua n long letter, p \ in advocacy ef the claim of the Salvation Army ' to i aUd te march la the it re -is. Iu reality, however, It ie along etriug of vimpera lieu. As "Br.ptlet" remarks, we are alayN gad to admit both sUaa of any public ques- i ion into ear aolamns eo long ai the views of the writers are properly and logic Uiy ex pressed, but we must decline te permit Tax flmuLD to be used at a vehicle for declaring eca- oieotioua puWio men guilty of "detuierate falsehood" and other tiat. We have for this reason consigned "BapMetV letter to iu proper plane the waste paper basket. A oanmpoaaeat write : "I have much plea sure in bringing under your notice another in- atmace of good feeling and sympathy that ae tata In the establishment of Messrs G.Cattaneob and Co , the weU known firm of jewellers, Little Collins street One of tha employes, a mar ried man, with afqmily, wee laid op with ao attack ol t> pbold lover. Th firm very liberally duriag hie sickness, paid hie wages. Eventu ally, for better treatment and nursing, he was eeot to the bcapital, where bt died. The firm and employee aotoely paid the whole of the ex peaaea, hat aire attended Mm funeral, aud a rebetentla1 turn was aire bended te toe widow as a help to her time of need. OUcuawteneee ttk this ahoald be bioaght far ward, as ehowlH thai i iims have f»n their handr d wbet tlisy mike in; <>' t'im «N \ " Writes:— \oiir orie-poaien1 "Gar t r iu srror a to old Solid Bottom baing iu 1 ice ih r.ty 0 irporatiou te his deati 1 am only a ne r uttn, but reeol- leet him in t. wovernuisut rerricv, as a locker at Yaiidcr's Bon', in 18 Latrob street east, $2 or 93 y ours ago. 1 Kwa often as n him walking down with a loa' r hit arm and a bunch of onion ; and wl tg busii eea at tho bond he w:u invariaraty .sated to t does of his favorite theme. Renders of Toi8ltAf.P wire surprised a few e'snlngvagoby an advertisement regarding a meeting of tha EAO.B , by ordtr of thi rrimo It was signet " hula £u»ag, Deal Boardi-, aud Bad Shandy. People thought this must be a fierelopmetiL of the Owl Olub, with itv Desmond M'U»qu«baugh, and so oh. However, the advertisement was quite strut. It refftted te the Hoy el Aucbm Antediluvian Order of HuiTaleea, a F/ittidly Bociety, duly rtgUtcicd, and of long standing ia Melbonras. A fashionable MHbourne tailor l ately exhibited in hie window a quantity of regalia whieh he bed manufactured fot the society. It wao quite expuniive, in dark blue velvet, on which wee embroidered In silver a variety of atracgr emblems, such as two long ehitrcb' warden pipes crossed, with epeater pot between tbem, a skull with crossbones, gnd such odd devices. The Lufi'aloes are like the Oddfellows and Foresters, or may be better compared to tho Drr.ids. Beneath an outward semblanoe of buffoonery they have a financial organisation, sick fund, and «o forth. In the conclave of the Boclety' the gentlemen denominated "Btmle sausage, n "Desl Boards," " Bad Shandy," aud other startling names are quito solemn function- ariev o«r money matters. A Buffalo funeral would be quee- t w«y turned out in their regalia. Tho a>. ts.» re claim that their associa tion has peculiar eiotincUve feature# of loving fraternity and rational conviviality. Ths Rev J. J. West wood has just published the tepott of his bush missionary travels from 183 to the piesent year. Lsaviug livelorg ia Novrrel-er 83, he travelled by bngpy to tbe hornet Uiver, tjaetnslaod, which he rrachsd in dtiptcmbor >j. Mr Weitwood experienced much difficulty with bad roads, snd scarcity ot grass and water. From Comet- v ills, Mr Wot wood prt'ccedsd to HockLamp- ton and other large towns, where his service! were well attended, lie then visited the back blocks of N 8. Welvs, aud reached rtydaey in time tolfve ly the tlaty), am) arrived in Mel- l»ouriieai the end of December. Mr WestwooU wa- will n-Ceivcd ever) r\c e, and held very nuiocrons reuiccr. mv y of hi# Hermons being ut-liveied in .te churcu or courthouses of iht towrrhip hu ' i-iH'i. Tire spkVre were at their old gataa on the Bomb W liarf thi uornni, anxioiudy wa. citing parescgere by tho departiug steamer Victorian for Adfibiiie. They made a great misUke iu accosting a steward attached to one of the boats trading beif«n AdeU.dc and Western Australia, who h.tppouud to' know one that ccoitcd bio with "it is a warm moruing." " Yes, it is," rtylud th« steward, "and if you ilu not Wuv the steamer I will make it warmer foryou." 8ptc r at'U h.M a»-jtiat«s were soou etn going across the ferry . Ahnobi with n a sioue's throw of the Work ing Men s College, to winch we aliudod in a rtccut isFoe. a rother handsome and imposing ediiicotbst will likewise greatly improve that part of tho Ci- y is hving constructed, and ia already about cnli titiiahtd. We refer to tho ne» fit. Fatrick' Hall, the fouudation Htooo of winch was >aid a liitle more thuo twelve uou'.hs ago. The building, which i# of the Corinthian style of architecture, was (resigned by Messrs ToppLn, Gtlb-.rt, aud Dennebey, aud tue contract was taken at L'Jl),uUO by Ueawn O Dea and kcDttoy; Mr M. iioarey acting as olerk of works. XhubfHt is of b:umon, with a faerie of Ouaru ,t»bi . tbe front elevation being llktft bigb. On the ground fi.ior provision is msde for a hall for th« holding of society meetings <»uft long by 36ft broad, having a bright irom floor to ceiling of 20ft, together with offices, reading room library, Ac. Tbe basement portun i- intended to be let as cellar and £Uik) a year has already beta offered. Ou the first floor is the main hall, thevecond largest in Mtltaurae, which ie 106ft long by 62ft wide, with a height from floor to celling of 46H 6m. The main front it to be cur mounted with an euibleuiarical represen tation of the harp, too maid of Erin, tho round tower, and tba wolf dog. Tae ornatae tetionof tan main front will be very chaste, c .prising Corinthian pillar and caps 2aft bv with a pretty architrave above which is an < Slatare 6ft 2io in depth' Th large hail I ..oted with eight I onto windows in the > tad twelve wiudos at the rear, the Ctiii ug to a large lantern light In the centre. _«e new structure will be altogether one ot the handsomest iu the citys and « IB probal ly be completed withia 12 month's from tbe prvacLt time. borne attenticu being drawn to th apparent hardship of repainting old married paupers fiom each other whan they aat red a work bouae, tba Hulborn guardians called their wards together and asked them ii they would prefer living to| ether us man at-d wife at here tofore. The proposal it raeme, was Indignantly scouted, one old lady observing that aba would 4> throw hsrtelf out of the window" ratber than put up with the t ty of her "good man" any more. At a recent - « meeting of tho Sydney YUC.A.the general secretary read a letter from Mis fitarliwc, enclosing cheque forL'.'.V) a legacy left b„ late bus band, Mr J. P, Suiting, of W. H. Taliag and Co.. who desired that tbe aaount.be iavneted aod tho interest he devoted to tbe genera) funds of tha Association Messrs E Vickery, John Kent and the geese! secretary were appointed trustees. In connect ion with the fiydney Y.M.C.A., Ucre is estanlrifaed a refreshment room, as a meaes to dra the members aodaliy togsther D>ii luncheon aud tea are provided at a mode rate charge. Tbe first resident of Footeeray, who passed with kopors at the Melbourne University. Dr C T. Lads has been made the recipient of a gold watch BBd.cfris, tn« former iutiaatiug teiat it was "From a lew friends 'to 0. T. Lane Bsq., on bis gainiog the degrees M.B et Ch.B., I the Melbourne University, 5 | 12 | 86." Mr W. M. Dark made tbe premutation at the resi dence of Mt Lane's mother, U«rt)y street. | Th M.C C. committee have; at considerable rxpsnte, made arrari(tnurnts with Messrs T. 0. brock, A Co., tht a 'brated Crystal Palwcs pyto- uchniste, whom displays have a world-wide re- puUtioiiA for orci f their graod dispUia, to be given on the H.C.C. ground on Monday even ing, in February. This will be the first occa toa ou which Messrs Brock have fired in tho coloriss. Tho programme will include all the well known features of their Gryetal Palace display", which turn tbe night into day. Berr Pitch's military uw.id has been secured for the occasion A company witb the title of tbe Western Mew Quinen Cedar Company (limited) has been formed for the purpose of working the eed' oissts discovered by Charles Stewart, natura list and geologist, flaring bis recent explora tion# in New Guinea. According to the pros )Mutus Mr Stewart porte that on tbe River Cesser be found a rectically insxhauBtihle supply of cedar, which on being examined b> txptrte, turn been provonneed to ho of first class quality. Mr Stewart's Aisoovery of cedsr is protected by an order of the High Commissioner. On Raster Monday tbe Footeeray Bolag Club intend holding a sports day oa th loaal Wtstvru Reserve. A Urge number of excursionists this morn ing proceeded to Banbury by the 6.1ft and 6 ftft am. train, to tnke part i fnepepter RMd rail way employes' pieaio. A divldt nd of rix . -nt baa been declared ! by the direct evs of tUt K I ho eevuteenth half-yearly mfrtifig fiMfes, places on the 1st. proximo. Th re eut manuge of Mr Berry, of the pay- rffi<«a thvfipencer 'veafe Radlway BtotiOn, baa not Un> allowed « . . 4 meiiiri by He iellow- clnks, who ; day ynseatad MM wi b an elegant tea coffee aervioe as a token of their heart v -< ogratetetVoae Fitting e rr rncny attended prase»tellQnt a«d Mr Nichokon was the C " frokeemaa. A moctlny of lkea. . - thallam Is U heboid ia the Victoria Hall . n Monday afteruoou at half -past two o'cloek. Aaotohteevent fr pigeon iheetluf la en down %m MmUf aest at the MurMegham gicuril, North n,i|riitiin. A w" , hue harkN ' hiniesir fur I. ,.i t0 klU 60 from the "«'» mark. („ \ bl,Jl |H trophy valued )» K-inen# W|n . , to b« (o'lowod hy :l L, ,nJ Qt 'r" PliraoB .hootln, K«c M incr.u.1 "> prtd to it lately. '"eitjgg Blebop Belaya, la dccribln. tk M emc South 8c. I.Ua4#ra v'wl ol »»„ '<« raid Uwt people wocM K-o» on, ""1 tfcra., except .other, ud ,ou .h<,. ','>M a po«w of rraogBttioc, or it ,i W tathra, M Bob, yon tr«». ra. troDbl. «0«.ii i. " w.rW , »6c,t wxc, u, kcow m ttOBth MB Bothw. U.U.11, bttrdoa ud afHcoltartl Uheann. At tha Boathly Bratlu, „t Uw H Diiltwl F.Uwlly Braiatlra m.p..,, Tiry IstNi.tlai ttota »m (Iih, froB alt raaicw bboobM to L.UI ?, of Lfc7 14c IU. 230 raw Bombm ttawM BMW to th roll, bringing th. raui 1020\. 7868 prarartpthm. had bT_ '' < Curing U> lulf-yrar or 81 of no BtBbw. Th MtiBUctt tad J? "M L888 8. Id. Aa eWctlOB of cSe. ruduT" I Cli.itBU, Mr J. Ornnt, 1.0.0 F vJ-. m I Trauunr, Mr J. Lraaox, M.UI008 , elided i Bccratary, Mr «. Lra, A.0 » " r Mclcd) I AuCitor, Mr J. Kraut, a,g.c M Thi. owrnlBg, t the PoUra Court, Willw H to a, two BCD, anacd Bethurat cud CoiTTZ H chra god with in.nltlDg beUriuor in the nS E unu .t midnight A. th. letter .ppmuTl H b. th wont h wm fiaed 10., Md ta l.. H let off with hnlf th .mount. H At the Smith Melbrara Conrt todn . - E carter n.mrd Michael O'Brien u riill E wurmt by City In.pcctor s.ndraundi, lot dlu B piecing the .oil of NIbbo ctirat, _ B Bncd L6, with fie ooeti. The following an the Trading, by I fnitruB.iit. >-Bretr, I'.i.aM, (tui„ »! IB th >nn tadoy, 17 boob, 130. It. btaZI B trading of Guaat'e thwmoBMcr in ta tad. B Brttrkc etrrar.jMtrad.y, wu 97,.ndth.low«tm froB !) i». yratrad.y to 8 in. today 67. fb, H hi, brat reeding ie th .an yutanicy wm IU, H Tito - Bellerat Coarira" atetra that In th. H enrol. need promotioa ol nergeent. to th. of .ub-iu>p.ctor, the police force, u enopurt I with the dctcctl.e fore., .ppeeri te htri bra. I ut ju.tly trutad. The pollc. ton. mB, te about lt'trO oil er, end men, end thc dataetir, I fore, oul thirty-two, yet ot eight prneoUara I of rrrgt.nt. to b aub-ln.pectora taada withu B tlic pu»t eight., moetha, lonr hara baac taaw B the drtcrlivt dapartmant. Tha aamhan of lha B pcnarol poiic coeaidcr thia diatribctiw u ta B plum, ot the wrvice a .cry tutfelr otto, I According to tha u Bailarat Star," Uta ad A Tioubtliry of pro.idlog tramw.ya (k "rli.r, I hra bo.B trader conaideratioa by tha ciria I authotitira for aonra tin. prat. Deface 'na I w»» cn be laid in nay municipality, psrui. I sion bas to bs obfcaiusd from the I'ubUe WeU I dcpArtmsut This was ssksd for sous Uus I met, but «s yst no rnuwsr hre teats- I ceivsd. Tbo city dsrk (Mr Psrry) IntiMi H to procdxl to tbe mstropolis next wrek n H public buviucss, ud on of lbs mAtters wRm I bs will atttnfi to will bo thot of tnmwsji I Hs willrxdvAvor to uacsrtAia wbat baa tem I dune witli tha application mads by thi council, and iu tbs svent of ths responst baisg I favorablv, bo doubts steps will te taksa te I long to provids Ballurat with tramways. I Too L .ety action might, bowsvre, isrqU iu I loss. Ths endless cabls system now in vogat hi I Melbourne is very effectlvs and vsry sot, bat I tbs vxptnss (L20, 000 psr nails) is ratbargisatts I admit, of tks bops of ths traffic iu lallarat ir I toxuiag u profit ou tbs original outlay. Ex pari. I mvute, too, are baing mads which, it U thought I wiU result in a batur mods of transit bring Ml I upon, atd ont that cab bs carried oat at maefi I isSS CO't. I Tbs Ban Francisco Y.M.C.A. "Mssssngw I says:— Tbe first gift tbs association has is- I esived iu ths shape of aa sadowmsnt fund wm I tbs presentatioato tbs trostess of A lif# iasoi. I ancs policy by Mr Hstbsrt Folgsr, oue sf sir I young m«n, who is working oo salary. Thi I policy is taken out puyabls to ths aseocUUre I at Uis de-th of Mr Folgsr, bt paying ths aouri ( I premiumn for tbs same aud presenting tfts I rsoeipvs to ti e Asaootatiou 1 Tbs last number of ths Family Phyrldsa," I a popular iLsdieal London journal, says Bit I tbs cLiif canes of that common epldtelo, I oiarrbffisi" ctrcr in diet. It may bs th null I ot ovsr-bssring and drinking, or of tskisg I soma pellicula'- article of food which hu . I dissgre< d viththe stomach, and Mt up brite I aoiu Pt-opls after a large dinner not usuasky I suffer from diarrhea. It is usually attritotri I to tl'# fulu. on or oyster saucs, or to soma pw I fectiy iniiocnt article, whereas in rsalUy it b I due to tbs mixture of tbs various klndaeif fesl and drink, and more especially te tbsaetml quantity taken. Ths stomach and bowels ari unnaturally rebel when mads tbs rscoptads ri aucb a heterogeneous collection of substatm, 1 Tbete are certain articles of diet, booster, which undoubtedly hav a strong tendsosy t provoke dlmbosa, and amongst these compare, ludigsstible substances wo may Mnmrrat aa- ripe fruit, raw vsgsUblss, pork sausages, real, etc. 6 hell fish, such as lobsters, crab md mussels, are apt te act as irritants. Bad cook ing also causes dlsnhcss, and is apt to lead is cholera. Intending competitors sbonld remember thai snirirB for tho Bscond Hurlisgham Haadiesp, to bs ran next Friday and Saturday, close lo! night at 8 p.m. at tbs following plaoss Tbs Clnb Hotel, North Brighton, Mr D. Kinnssr!, Eastern Arcade, and tho Lyceum Hall, Lcosdds stmt. Several additions and improvsmsti have been mads to tbo park, and a capital view of ths running can now be obtained. At tbs Mechanics' Intriute, VY:lli#mtov>t 1 last evening the Fcotscray Royal Mini?rtli gave a varied performance There was only fair attendance, but a lengthy programs gone through te a very saiisfactory as4 creditable mainsr. Tbs amusing farce "A Theatrical Manager lo Trouble," brought a pUasant evening'# amassment lo a cio. Ws perceive, by adrortissmsnt ia another oolomn, that tbs Licensed Yiotnallsx#' picnic is iu take place at ficnnsyp«r Point, on Thureday, 1 ltb Febtnary, and that ths s # Ljossa's has been n«ag#d tor tlw ocra-ica. A moomigbt promenade concert will >>f bdd on Mundny evening n«-xt oa tbs Mel'xruM Cricket Uioond. Herr IMock's miluary baud w ill be in att«naabc«. Ciie prograintu<» witl bs found ia our advsituing columns. To uists these concerts popular the committee cf ths club have reduced ths cnaigs to sixpence. The City Orgaaiet will perform tbe fullering criterion! oa tba grand organ this ced ing at 8 o'clock. Overture, " The Cru» Dia monds," Ambf r ; Andante#, A ( Seres mIs," fit "AdUu," Schubert; Opera selection, M Eos0 in Egypt," Uossini ; Ul Funeral E#r;h "Tbs Faraweil, (by request), Heoth«»sA ; Oratorio selection, "Jmiai Macctb'sutt," Hsrdel, viz., A, air, " Pioue orgies," H, ch>r w, "O Father, wbore Almighty pj»er." F»uals, National Attbem. ftfeit-rs Wm. Howard fioiith aid Sum' steamer Muielon wiU make use seouuu trip to belfest oirct early next »nnk. A grand alhlstic eutirimrnt hoj hoxiog contest, uncer Marquis of tfure u>'trr> "' between ths two heavy 4Tb-«nipiu«»». " Faroes and Dubbo, is :>X tuti p11 at tbs L)c«iu UaU oa (Bn.uu:.y t;v< m- k' 1,1 addtlion to ths mateb. man/ of .<>13 aihteto ate goiag to appear An open-air meeting n»r the pr'poa'i"" « tbe prisdplH of total abstinent- tivru rt<-v- eating liquor" aa a twver»ge )U bs » ' "" "" Gsssn'a Wbatf to u«»rro' (utiia) i a' at 8 o'clock, ur.dtr iht « > ti.f deU'J iru# Total Abstireatw Hocierv, »nn ati'i""4 be delivered by Meis. i hu«. Rlx, (1 ai" - « a 4 GsorkcHngh-. Mr J. H.Xnipv will # II, at QMg era Mur rey's auction room, Coiluie tivet of Monday AS 12 o slock, a nuutei of n piopertiea, sitnatsin the wick, wivhost ths ellgbtrxt rv#« rrr, Kn ol-t «l» Hotham, two r-lu/p# and 'i ti> i Htief-t, Fiyiroy. and a cuariii.- rcri' c' KsplaAAdS at -»esnsc4»ff. lb# Morn ins ton estate, coioiwixine serve, does to (3MOipbsrifiv.il, .iil uu Ibsroday, at II o'clock, ai Ncoit'# Meserc rirken, Gibxon and Co. 1'no rl' fronts fiv miles to main roads, »! > « >u.iu6'id fine prospect. Tbs drain# rvri A ; ""j1- mmniretion with Melkourt.e h r.nl bs iccompliabsd. A two a ontd lo house, fronting toe by dny r«.ri 6 fcM sateto 