WEST SANDHURST PRESBYTERIAN CR URGH. The first anniversary of this church since the induction of the Rev J. Hunter Potter was cele brated yesterday, when two special services wero conducted, the pastor officiating B jth in tlio morning and evening there were large congela tion;,, the Ijuildins being crowded to its utmost capacity. The tubject of the rev. (jentleman'e remarks in the miming was "Natiqnal Ivightc- uu.j nefs." The subject of tho sermon in the evening was " The Operations of the Holy Ghost," tho text baing taken from 1st Thessalonhns, fifth ohapter, nineteenth verte—" Quench cot tho Spirit " From these words the rev gentlem n delivored an eloquent and interesting address, in which he said that our church teaches us that there are three persons in the Godhead—Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. We have all h-ard of the personality of the Father, His love, goodr.oss, pro vidential car?, and desire thatall men should repent and turn unto Him; we have also heard of the teachings of Christ ever since we lisped our morn ing and ovening p-ayera at our mother's knee; but how little have we heard from the pulpit of the Xfoly Ghost and his equality with the other mem hers of the Iloly Trinity. He considered thatone of tho reasons why Chribt'anity has made such litt'e progress in tho worldT was beca^ Christians have not honored the Holy Spirit, and have not accorded-Him that equality with the Father and Son that he i3 entitle I to. Tho preacher be aeeched them, as a church, not to commit this fatal mistake, but in all their work for tin pro motion pf Christ's kingdom to acknowledge tho aid of the Spirit as well a* God and Ch fst. Pie pointed out that the Aim ghty has said in tho Scriptures "My Spirit sh:ill_ not always striyo with man," and ho exhorted his hearers, to be ad vised by the words of tho text anl so obtain eternal life. T|ie anniversary will bo further celebrated by a pieeting apd concert in tho Masonic Hall this ovaufng, whejj c, very attractive programme will ba gono through 