THE LONDON RIOTS. We published on Thursday a detailed account of the London riots in February, extracted from American files. The sup plementary statements received by the Orient, steamer from our own corres pondect contain some additional particu lars, which have, we are sure, been read with interest. The disturbances appear to have been of a more Berious nature than might have been inferred from the telegrams, although they were sufficiently startling and sensational. It is satisfac factory to find that the description given by our correspondent confirms the impres sion produced by the telegrams that tho organizations formed for bringing into notice the claims of the unemployed were in no way directly responsible for the riots. Their arrangements not only did not Include any preparation for an appeal to force, but, on the contrary, they seem to have taken special pains to guard against disorder. Their resolutions were tem perately worded, and did not contemplate resort to any other means than those which are within the right of every citizen who feels that he has a grievance. Unfortunately a large outdoor gathering in a crowded city held in such a public place as Trafalgar- square cannot be completely conOrolled by any organiza tion, however well arranged its plans may be. The London Socialists took advantage of the opportunity afforded by the gathering to proclaim their doctrines, and in doing ao overstepped the boundaries of prudence and discretion. They em ployed the most inflammatory language, submitted to the approval of tho crowd resolutions of a most violent character, and by their ill-advised con duct worked the mob up to a state of frenzied lawlessness, the reault being a wilful destruction of property and brutal conduct towards passers by for which no excuse can be offered. It is hardly likely that the Socialist leaders Hyndman and Burns intended that;, their fiery language should be construed* so literally as it was by the mob;, but one can find no valid excuse for them, whatever may be said of tho less prominent leaders who took an active part in exhorting the orowd. Hyndman* especially is a man of education, who may be presumed to know both the meaning' and the effect of excited language addreaed to an angry crowd, and he, therefore, cannot be held guilt less, of the disorder to which tho proceedings gave rise. It is not likely,, indeed, that the leading Socialists contem plated or desired an appeal to force ; but. there is cne circumstanoe mentioned by our correspondent -which ifl very signifi cant. Some of the missiles used by the mob for treating windows and damaging property were not obtain able in the immediate neighbourhood of the localities where the riots occurred. la other words, they must have been expressly brought by those who used them. Hence we may infer that the dis turbance was not altogether unpremedi tated. Some at any rate came prepared for a row, and brought with them the stones and other missiles which, when the fitting time arrived, were used with such destructive effect. This incident, though disquieting enough, should not excite surprise. When one thinks of the enormouB population of London, of the hundreds (f thousands of hard-working honest people who are always trembling on the verge of starvation, of the vast army of criminals and others who tke out an existence in London in some mysterious manner, and who are constantly at war with society, and are for the most out casts and neglected ; in short, when on-; thinks of the vast mass of inflammable material thac needs only a spark to set it into a blaze, the wonder rather is that the February riota Bhould be so exceptional as to create a feeling of surprise. It is more than probable that many who were bent on mischief were attracted by the announcement of the meeting of the unemployed, and that they came fully prepared for the work of destruction which on that disastrous Mon day startled the inhabitants of the West End of London, and taught a lesson which all will do well to lay to heart. The most astounding thing in connec tion with the riots was the imbecile conduct of the London police. They were inactive and powerless when they should have been vigilant, and they were foolishly fussy when they should have been discreetly reticent. They took no adequate precautions to guard against disorder on the occasion of the demonstration on Monday, and when the first signals of the outbreak were seen they took no precautions to prevent the mischief spreading. Utterly ineffective when danger was at hand, they were childishly stupid and timorous when only the ghost of danger threatened. Two days after the riot a rumour was freely circulated in the south of London that a large mob, intent upon mischief, was marching from Greenwich, and a similar rumour was circulated at Greenwich about a mob marching from London. Surely the first business of the police authorities was to ascertain what measure of truth there was in the rumours. They did nothing of the sort. They created a panic by informing the residents in the south of London of the supposed danger, which turned out to be purely imaginary. It is not difficult to imagine the effect of this step in the con dition in which London was at the time, having hardly recovered from the fright caused by the riots on the Monday. Shops were closed and busi ness was suspended. In short, the police authorities by th^ir stupidity did their very best to create the mischief which they were supposed to be trying to pre vent. It is not surprising that it was deemed necessary to hold an enquiry into their conduct, and the result of that in vestigation, as indicated by telegram two or three weeks ago, must have been re garded as a foregone conclusion in the light of the facts to which we have re ferred. With the graver problems of the s:gnificance of which the riot3 were only the outward sign we dealt at the time. There is one circumstance, however, recorded in our correspon dent's account of the affair that will not be passed over by any thoughtful observer of the signs of the times. A day or two after the riots a meeting of persons whose pro perty had been damaged was held. Lord Dorchester, who was one of the speakers, reasonably enough said, 'Unless the Government protected the community, the community must protect itself.' It need only a very slight twist to be given to this method of reasoning to construct an argument that might seem to justify the action of the mob. The condition of the poor in a large city like London is terrible, and Governments are very slow to take up questions of this kind. There are grave injustices which may be and ought to be removed by legislation, and those who are ground down by this in justice may well reason that if the Government will not help them they must help ourselves. We do not excuse violence, because it is as senseless as it is brutal, but the very language used by Lord Dorchester suggests how the instinct of self- preservation may, in desperate circumstances, lead a mob to adopt a course that cannot be* justified. The memorable words uttered by Mr. Justice Talfourd just before he expired, while charging the Grand Jury at Stafford, are as true now as when they were spoken. What ia wanted is an increased sympathy between all classes of society. Forwant of this sympathy there is perpetual mis understanding, and the common language used by all classes has a different meaning when employed by the different sections into which the community is divided. Savings Bank Returns. — We have received from Mr. John Alsop, the Actuary of the Melbourne Savings Bank, an interesting comparative statement of the deposits in the various Savings Banks in the Australasian Colonies. The returns are, with one exception— the Post-Office Savings Bank in Victoria — made up to December 31, 1885. For the institution just named the figures are only available to September 30. Four of the colonies have, in addition to the ordinary Savings Bank, similar facilities for small depositors in connec tion with the Post-Office, and the returns relate to both. It will surprise many of our readers to learn that the total value of the deposits to the credit of the investors in all the Australasian Savings Banks ia no less than £12,329,635, the number of depositors being 479,386. About one person in every seven of the popula tion is an investor, the average amount to their credit being £25 6s. 6d. It is pleasing to find that taking all the facts into consideration South Australia occupies the most favourable position. It is true Queensland has the highest average — £37 0s. lid.— but only one out of every eight-and-a-half of the population of that colony is an investor. New South Wales comes next with an average of £32 8s. 2d. , but in spite of the fact that the Post Office Savings Bank system is in force in that colony, only one in every nine is a 'epositor. In South Australia the .verage is^ £29 7sT 7d., and rather more han one in every six of the inhabitants 3^ an investor. ? -Tnia colony also pays the tighest rate of interest, and considering hat we have not yet adopted the Post )ffice system for deposits below a hilling, it is surprising and gratifying o find that with so high an average leposit the number of depositors is so arge. The other colonies rank in the ollowing order : — In New Zealand the iverage is £25 la. ; in Tasmania, £21 is. 7d. ; in Victoria, £19 2s. 9d. ; in Western Australia, £12 19s. 7d. In tfew Zealand rather more than one n every eight of the inhabitants s a depositor, in Tasmania not inite one in every seven, ia Victoria ather more than one in every six, and n Western Australia scarcely one in jvery sixteen. Of course, the Savings Bank statistics by themselves are not in infallible test of the comparative hriftofthe inhabitants of the different :olonies, because in some the facilities or small . investors afforded by institu ions besides the Savings Bank are greater han in others of them ; but the 5gure8 upon the whole must be accepted is an indication of a very healthy state )f things. The only cause for regret is regards South Australia ia _ that ;he Government have not yet intro luced the machinery for receiving stamps on cards when they reach a milling in value as deposits in connection irith the Post-Office. The feeling of Par liament last session was strongly ex pressed in favour of this change, and it yould not merely increase the number of lepositors, but would provide facilities 'or enabling children and young persons ;o invest trifling amounts as low as a )enny instead of wastef ully spending them, n other words, the penny could be ixchanged for a stamp to be affixed on a lard, and when the card contains twelve if them it would be accepted as a deposit if a shilling. The YoTuTtsteeb. Mtlitaby Fosces. — 't is gratifying to learn that during the last year the members of the V.M.F. lave made good progress in the acquisi ion of skill in the use of the rifle. Uthough subjected to the dis wivantage of having to become amiliar with a new system of firing the noving and disappearing targets having o a large extent supplanted the stationary argets of former times, the results »f the class-firing have been very atiafactory. Even if the record were ar less favourable than it is, the, :hange that has been made would itill haye to be pronounced a vast im provement upon the superseded system. Even exceptional proficiency in firing at in immovable target is no guarantee of ihe competency of the rifleman ,o do execution amongst the enemy when called upon to fight his iountry's battles. The man who can five imes out of ten hit a target which is nade to move and disappear in much, he Bame way as a hostile soldier would nove and disappear must ba of vastly nore service in the field than the most killed marksman who can only make a ;ood score at fixed ranges, and when .iming at an ordinary fixed target. No toubt, as pointed out by General Owen, he men have yet a great deal to learn, nd the results of firing must be much letter than any as yet attained before the egiment can be congratulated upon laving reached the highest standard bat as a body it can be reasonably xpected to reach ; but the new system, he credit for introducing which attaches 0 the late Commandant, proceeds upon a ound basis, and practice under it will rain up serviceable soldiers if it doe3 not -roduce phenomenally high scorers. The emarks made by General Owen at Satur lay's parade are very much to the joint, and with the spirit of them ;he men, if their highest wish is to be effective in time of need, muat cordially sympathize. Some observations fell from :he Commandant regarding a possible ;hange in the name of the V.M.F. [t would seem that the members of the rorce are to be formally rechristened nilitiamen; but whether this imports ;hat the members of the R.V.F. alone Lre to be designated volunteers or not ve cannot say. Whatever may ba he fact the General is, we believe, ight in predicting that this change ?Sl not drive good men out of mr local army. The V.M.F. is in eality a militia; it has borne being io described times out of number, and he mere formal adoption of the title is not ikely to provoke revolt or even occasion leep resentment. Any prejudice against he name in the past has been chiefly rounded on the idea that a militiaman ivaa a man compelled to join the :ocal army, and it has had for its justification the old proverb that one volunteer is worth three pressed men. General Owen has assuredly done his best to dispel any irrational objection to ie term '?' militia,' and it is certain that mr men will fight as bravely if called nilitiamen as they would if- still de lominated volunteers. Passestgebs by the O.S.S. Attstbal. — Che following passengers are booked to leave -y this steamer to-day : — Saloon — : Messrs. W. Sandove-, J. Halstead, I. Mosedale, and A. Duffey, Mesdames handover, and Wallace and maid, Misses iandover (2), Wallace, and Halstead (2) ; and hirty-fi ve in the third-class and steerig3. ( Manager of the Dinoir Eajik.— We are aformed that Mr. W. J. Crawford, J.P., the yell-known and highly respected Manager if the Adelaide Branch of the Union Bank of Australia, has resigned his position, retiring in a pension of £750 per annum. Our Summary.— We again devote a large )art of the space in our Summary Supple nent to the reports in reference to the toppage of the Commercial Bank. Oar fort tightly report of the markets and other lommercial and financial nears will be found in page 3 of the paper. In the ordinary elegraphic columns will be found a fall Lccount of the burning of the Paul Jones off Port Phillip Heads. ; Caution to Mabtsees.— The Harbour-; naster in Melbourne has sent a despatch to he Collector of Customs to warn mariners if the existence of the wreckage of the Paul tones between Cape Otway and Port Phillip Heads. The Boeder Trade.— Mr Cate, Inspector if Drawbacks, returned on Friday night from v trip to the Border, where he has been naking enquiries into the permit trade. He risited Mount Gambler, Narraeoorte, Border Down, Frances, Custon, and Wolseley, and A each place interviewed the various store keepers and merchants and gatheredjall the nfonnation at hand. Early this week he vill report on the whole subject to the treasurer, and will suggest a scheme for the uture conduct of the Border permit trade. Cbicket.— The match between the Aus ralian Eleven and the Combined Fifteen vas resumed an the Adelaide Oval on Saturday. During the afternoon there waa 1 very large attendance, including His Excellency Sir W. C. F. Robinson. The Fifteen, with 166 for 5 wickets, resumed ;heir innings at a little before noon, but ibout two hours' play sufficed to get rid )f the remainder of the team, the total being 245, or 177 behind the Australians' score. Lewis, who was not out on the previous day frith 64, added 5, and was bowled ia trying i -big hit. Trott, Jones, and Darling (the Prince Alfred College boy) each made 16, ind Stow, with 13, waa the only other batsman to reach double figures. In their second attempt the Fifteen have 162 for 3 wickets. Houston headed the list with 55, Lewis and Harcus remained not out with 36 and 19 respectively, while Blinman made 23 and Lyons 18. The match will be continued at 10.30 this morning, 80 that play will be finished in time for the members of the Eleven to get on board the Austral. At 1 o'clock the members of the team which, did battle for South Australia in the recent \- . - match against Victoria* will be ijhotographed .on'tEe OvaL~ We havej.been asked to men tion that on Friday various articles were removed from the_dress\og-rooms at the rear of the Pavilion.- 'Mr.J, Noel has been de-. prived of a wateh,- Mr. J. W. Stow of a pair of sleeveliaks, and Mr. Blinman of a suk pocket handkerchief. The thieves have not yet been; discovered. This should be a warning to; cricketers not to leave valuable articles in the dreBfiing-rooms, access to which is very, easy.'-- ; ''.???? ? -.?-?/? ~~:-.- ;. Reported Mixing Swindle At Secveb tox.— A telegram from Silverton states that great indignation is felt there with, reference to the recent high assay of the ore of the Broken Hill South Company. The Silver Age of Saturday, March 13, stated :— 'Since Wednesday there have been vague rumours afloat as to good ore having been struck in the Broken Hill South Company's property, and a steady advance in the shares has taken place. No confirmation of the reported find could be obtained until last night, when we learned from Captain Morrish that on Friday of last week a favourable change occurred in Ho. 5 Shaft. This shaft was recently com menced on the eastern lode in No. 3 block. The lode shows on the surface to a width of 33 feet. For the first 22 feet the shaft carried down carbonate of lead and iron gossan. This ore then gave place to cubical galena, which continued down to 28 feet, the assays showing 23 oz. of silver and 60 per cent, of lead. A change then occurred, the ore becoming of a much darker colour and the cubical galena giving place to a steel grained ore. A bulk assay from this, taken iairly from the full width of the shatt, showed 281 oz. 11 dwt. 17 gr. of silver and 60 per cent, of lead ; and a second assay from the ore that had been thrown on the heap yielded 213 oz. 9 dwt. 12 gr. silver and 35 per cent, of lead. Ihe shaft has since been continued to 32 feet, and is still in similar ore. Another shaft has been commenced on the lode 200 feet north of No. 5, where 14 feet of carborate ore is showing on the surface, and the indications favour the assumption that good ore will shortly be met with here ; 200 feet south of No. 5 the lode is sunk on to a depth of 80 feet From 22 feet to the bottom heavy galena, assaying 20 oz. of silver and. 60 per cent, of lead, has been carried down.' The same journal of Wednesday, March 17, said :— u We regret to learn that the encouraging assays reported in Saturday's issue as having been obtained from the Broken Hill South Company's mine have not been confirmed by subsequent trials, and as a consequence a heavy fall in the shares has occurred. Yesterday the matter was the subject of common conversation, aud the general verdict seemed to be that some very shady work has been done somewhere, for which the public has had to pay.' THE Break of G&VG3; at. Tejjowje,— A representative committee has been f ormad at Petersburg for the purpose of getting the broad-gauge railway line extended from Terowie to Petersburg. At the present time a narrow-gauge line is used, and the Peters burg people claim it would be an advantage to have the break of gauge at Petersburg. Endeavours are being made to secure the co- operation of the residents at Silverton, but the latter do not seem to altogether agree with the ideas of the committee. O^a arm who were written to did not think the change would benefit the Silverton traffic at all, and would only cause useless expendi ture. A meeting is to be held at Peterburg during the present week to consider the matter. The Savings Bane and the Income Tax. —With regard to the recent appeal made by the trustees of the Savings Bank to the Adelaide Local Court against the income tax assessment, we have been assured by Mr. (J. C. Kingston, draftsman of the Land and Income Tax Act and Attorney-General of the Ministry which carried the measure through Parliament, that it was distinctly intended to exempt the Savings Bank from income tax. Mr. Kingston states further that, in reply to an enquiry made to him by one of the Trustees while the Bill was before the Assembly, he stated that the Bank could but be held liable to the impost. Fire in the Hills.— An other firs has occurred in the Mount Lofty Range, and from all appearances will, before it has run its course, do a considerable amount of damage. The fire started on Friday after noon at Gum Flat, near Uraidl*. It soon made its way to what is known as Gandy's Gully and Slope's Gully, rapidly spreading in both until it reached Crompton's or Pack ham's Gully, which extends from near Marryatville through JBurnside to the hills. On Sunday it came over from the Summer town district to Beacon Hill, and played havoc with everything with which it came in contact. It burnt very fiercely on Sunday evening, when a fresh breeze was blowing, spreading from tree to tree, and destroying acres of Bcrub. At about 10 p.m. it seemed to have its centre on Beacon Hill, but it had reached Bumside district on property belonging to Messrs. Laughton & Packham, and spread for miles along the range. To a spectator in the gully the various burning logs and stumps resembled^ town of lights. There was every appearance of the fire not burning out for a considerable time. In coming down the gully the names swept away acres of grass and some fencing, but they were checked in their career from reaching various gardens and lands to the north by property - owners burning plots of grass. There are not many houses in the gully. There are, however, property and houses belonging to Mr. Cromp ton and Mr. Knox adjoining, and it was feared these were in danger, but the fire cannot do any harm there, unless burning logs roll down the lands. There are four, or five mounted police-constables on duty there, and they will do their best to check the flames from getting on to this property. The fire was principally confined to the scrub on Sunday night, and was extending very rapidly in various parts of the range. ' Mb. Stuabt Cumbebland at the Town Hall.— Mr. Stuart Camberland made his first appearance at the Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday night, when he gave a thought reading stance. The Mayor presided over a large audience. Mr. Cumberland chose about a dozen persons as his various Bubjects, including the Hons. J. C. Bray. C. Mann, and Dr. Campbell, Brigadier-General Owen, Mr. R. Rees, M.P., Mr. Chappie, and: Herr Reimers, and succeeded in gaining the appro bation of his audience. Death op an Australian Joubnalist. —Mr. James Allen, the oldest journalist in Australia, died in Melbourne on Sunday. Mr. Allen arrived in South Australia in 1839, and filled the position of Editor of the Southern Australian. In 1842 he purchased the plant of the South Australian Register, and ' after conducting that paper for several years sold it to Mr. John Stephens, Mr. Allen then went to England, and remained there for some time. On his return to the colony he started the Adelaide Times, which he carried on until it became defunct. He then went to the other colonies, where he was engaged in journaliEm, and about four or five years ago he wrote a ' History of Australia.' Before coming to Australia he was connected with the Morning Post, and was associated with Charles Dickens. : ? Chtjbch Parade.— A voluntary Church parade of the Adelaide Rifles, took place at Hindmarsh on Sunday. Eighty noncom missioned officers and men, including several from the Artillery, were present under the command of Captain Medlyn and Lieutenant Daniels, and were marched to the Brompton Wesleyan Chapel, where the Rev. C. T. New. man conducted the service. Week's Land Sale.— On Thursday at the Land Office a sale of agricultural and graz ing leases will be held. The land is situated in the Hundreds of Townaend and Mount Ben son, and ia divided into three divisions, viz., first and second class and drainage land. The upset annual rental includes 5 per cent, of the value of the improvements, which, consist mostly of post and- wire fencings and water holes. Leases will also be put up for the purpose of'mauufacturingsalt in the Hundreds of Melville, portion of Lake Fowler, and Dudley, Salt Lagoon ; while tor grazing and cultivation in the Hundreds of Baldina, Bendleby, Boolcunda, Cudlamudla, Dudley, Eurilpa, Freelisg, Hallet, Hawker, Hutchi son, Kanyaka, Minburra, Moorowie, Nac kaia, Nangkita, Ninnes, Oladdie, Paratoo, Pearce, Kidley^S^oVj ? -oon*1-** Wiltunga, and Yalpara a ~ larg9 'lumber of . leases will- be pat up .for sale, the upset price including. 5 . per cent, of the value Of .the improvements. Five Govern ment wells and reservoirs in the Hundreds of Blackrock -Plains. Cunningham, Boothby, Kanyaka, and Morgan will be offered at auction at upset prices varying from £5 to £25. and also four grazing leases in the Hundreds of Melville, Kuitpo, Davenport, and Ade laide, the latter adjoining the Government Farm. . ??'?; ? ' '! _ '?'' Quick Tbavelling.— A traveller from Sydney sends us the following:— 'As a proof of the facilities afforded by the Ade laide steamer for rapid travelling 1 may state : that two Adelaide gentlemen left Sydney at 5.15 p.m. Tuesday evening, 16th, caught the steamer Adelaide in Melbourne, and were off Glenelg at 2 a.m. on Friday, 19th, at which place they could have arrived at 9 p.m. on Thursday, had the captain anticipated such smooth water. Daring the greater part of Thursday the Adelaide was slowed down, as nothing was to be gained by reaching Glenelg in the night' Death at the Pobt Casualty Hospital. —The man Robert Bruce.who was admitted into the Port Casualty Hospital eleven days ago suffering from a fracture of the base of the skull, died about 8.30 o'clock on Sunday night. The unfortunate man received the injury by being thrown out of a cart while in the employ of Messrs. H. W. Thompson and Do. He never recovered consciousness from the time of hia admission till his death. VoLUNTEEB Class- ftbing.— The members of the Volunteer Force having finished their annual course of musketry, paraded at the foot of Montefiore Hill on Saturday after noon, when the prizes and badges were dis tributed, The conditions of the course have been more severe than usual, moving and disappearing targets having been used for the first time. In presenting the prizes Brigadier General Owen said that, notwithstanding the altered conditions, the force as a whole had done very well, and taking all things into con sideration far better than they had done before. The number of marksmen, however, had been very much reduced, owing to . the different and difficult shooting which had to be done. There are about 90 marksmen, 180 firat-claas, and 150 second-class shots. A Boy Ktt.t.t.t- at the Port.— On Satur day a fatal accident happened to a bay named Arthur Carlsen, under 6 y0.ars of age, on the Copper Company's Wharf. The little fellow had been playing about some empty railway trucks, and had apparently been standing upon the brake of the end one, so that he could not see the approach of three other trucks being shunted up to them by noises in the usual way. The force of the collision knocked him down under the wheels as .the track was impelled forwards, with (he result that his right tbigh was cat nearly off, and the body greatly crushed in the lower part of the abdomen. Death ensued in a few minutes. A Coroner's enquiry was held on Sunday afternoon, when the Jury found that deceased was killed accidentally. A rider was added that greater care should be exercised by Bhunters in seeing that the road was clear. Blue Sibbonism.— The Bowden Blue Rib bon Army held a meeting on Friday evening in the Bible Christian Lecture Hall. The Rev. 0\. Lake, President of the Bible Christian Conference, was in the. chair. The special feature of the evening was a temperance address from Dr. J. Rees (Mayor of Hind marsh). He advocated Local licensing Benches. He advised his hearers to vote, for . temperance candidates for all public; positions, and wished the various Societies would unite so as to become more aggressive. Several songs were given, and a farce, ' The Teetotal Barber,' concluded the proceedings. Supbeme Coubt.— The Supreme Court will sit in Banco on Tuesday next. Destbuction of Rabbits.— Li October last year Professor Watson, of the Adelaide University, brought under the notice of the Government a proposal for the destruction of rabbits by introducing amongst the pests a contagious disease which would be the means of causing the animals to die off. His ideas were so practical, and the plan so feasible, that on the Professor obtaining six months' leave of abse nee, it was arranged that he should visit Germany with a view to ascertaining whether rabbits with an infec tious disease could be introduced into South Australia. The Professor returned on Friday by the Caledonien unfortunately unsuccessful in his mission, from no fault of his own. The steamer in which he went away was delayed, and as the Professor had to return to his duties in Adelaide by a certain date he had very little time abroad to carry out his investigations or to consult with ProfeBsorB Koch and Pasteur,' but he suc ceeded in getting two dozen rabbits affected with animal (Sarcoptes cunicula) and vege table parasites. He thought that by the introduction of the rabbit scab among the bucnies here the purpose of destruction might be partially or wholly affected. He obtained his subjects (the common grey species) in German Poland; two came from Frieburg, Dr. Gorger's native town. The two dozen diseased specimens were put on board the Caledonien steamship, but there the troubles began. The seamen were rather shy of such Jonahs amongst the rodents and dreaded the disease, and the captain ot the vessel was alarmed lest the disease might be of a nature calculated to cause his vessel to be put in quarantine. However, these prejudices were in a measure overcome, and the Professor's furry charges were put in the cook's galley. They did very well in the Mediterranean because the weather was cool, but they all died of sunstroke before reaching Aden. The Professor, however, has not given up the idea, and hopes to see it carried out His intention, had the rabbits reached here alive, was. to have obtained 500 of our nor. them pests, and to have experimented with them and the infected rabbits introdused amongst them to see how long the disease would take to spread and cause death. He has no doubt that the Germans might arrive at some satisfactory results. if they were to try. In Europe rabbits form comparatively an expensive article of food; and they are put to a more profitable use than they are here. Professor Watson has sent for some more of the diseased stock, to replace those he lost, and he has reported to the Govern ment the failure oi his expedition. There are several small islands near Port Lincoln!, one of which has a number of wild rabbits upon it, and the experiment of introducing a few of the ? diseased rabbits amongst .their race there might be tried with success and safety. The parasite in question is sar? copies cunicula, and the .course of the disease has been described as followa :-4 ' At first there is apparently little the matter with the rabbit. It soon, however, shows a few ^crusts about itu face, which extend by continuity of epidermal tissue, as well as by auto- infection from scratching to more dis tant parts of its integhmental Burface. It begins to lose flesh bom loss of appetite, unrest and slow septic intoxication resulting from the venous and lymphatic absorption of the products of a hitherto purely localized and easily curable cutaneous affection. Ex! tensive suppuration, principally of the cer vical and sub- maxillary lymphatic glands; corresponding to the Ijmphatic capillary areas of the face, supervenes. In like manner the absorbed toxic matter circulating in the blood induces coagulation and exteni sive thrombosis (plugging) in various parts of its venous system, and usually som6 low form of pneumonia intervening mercifully puts an end to its sufferings.' In older animals the disease, we are informed, is relatively slow, but it allows them for a longer period to be a Bource of infection to their younger brethren, in whom there is a relatively greater predisposition to acquire the parasite or in whom the disease runs a rapid and fatal course. New Zealand News.— Oar New Zealand correspondent writes under date March 11 :— ' As prophesied in my last letters there will be no dissolution, and Parliament will meet on May 11 or 12. I have good reason for knowing that the Ministry will put forward in the Address the public works policy fore shadowed by Sir Julias Vogel at Tuapaka and Auckland. It will be developed in the financial and public works statements, but only sobmitted to the discussion of Parlia ment, being withdrawn so as to leave the final decision to the country at the general election which muBt take.plac3_early_sext. year. The alternative will of coarse^ be an immediate dissolution, bat Ministers count upon a sufficient majority to keep things going duriog the session, and it is unlikely that Parliament would put the country to the expenseof twoaeEsionsinayearwithoat strong reasons. The Treasurer will show a small surplus, probably somewhat doctored, upon theyear'soperations, and about a million and a quarter will be demanded for the public works expenditure during the year 1886 7. I am confident that these proposals will b6 well received, although an attempt will be made to reduce the Estimates considerably. Sir George Grey speaks at Invercargill to morrow, March 12, at Danedin the follow ing day, and at Chriatchurch next week. His tour will make no impression. There is much sympathy over the Manijxmri acci dent. A deputation of unemployed waited mum the Premier in Christchnrch foot week, but got little out of 'him. The iSew Zealand University Senate is now sitting in Christchnrcb. The Otago University Coun cil has withheld its sanction to Professor Salmond's appointment to the Chair of Mental and Moral Philosophy pending legk- lation to place the^chaira provided by the Presbyterian Church completely under the control of the University.' 'The Crops of Canterbury and Otago.— The following appears in thejNew Zealand papers, nnder' date* Wellington. March 9:— Mr. Walter Reeves, of the Agricultural Department, haa compiled an interesting re port on the harvest of 1886 in Canterbury, Otago, and Southland. His estimates are mainly based on the replies received to circulars sent by him to farmers and others capable of giving trustworthy information. It is estimated that there is a reduction of 10 per cent, in the area of grain, and from 10 to 30 per cent, in the yield compared with 1885 ; bat the condition and colour are greatly superior this year, though in some cases the grain— particularly oats— is rather shrivelled, owing to the long drought and heat causing premature ripening. Afew very good crops of barley are reported in favoured spots, colour and condition both being excellent, bat as a rule both the yield and the straw are short. The turnip crop is reported a general failure from .WafiTari to Invercargill— not a single good crop is reported; and the best profits are in Southland, where the yield may be a thud oi the ordinary one. Potatoes are spoken well of, though the tubers are small. The following are the estimated yields for this year, and decreases as com pared with last :— Canterbury. Estimated Yield. Decrease. Bushels. . Bashels, Wheat .. 3,611,729 .. 847,950 Barley .. 351,881 .. 205,562 Oats .. 3.137,389 .. 1,020,379 Oiago and Southland. .- Wlieat .. 1,326.372 .. 552,938 Bailey .. 161,787 .. l«9.23l Oats .. 6,168.^2 .. 2,-203,fldl The Late Captain John Andebson.— There are a great number of people at the Port who .will learn with regret the death of Captain John Anderson, ; who made re peated voyages to this place in the Com modore, and later on in the Argonaut. The following notice is from the- Fifeshire Advertiser: — 'Captain John Anderson was the third son of the late Mr. John Anderson, and went to sea when quite a youth, and rose steadily to command a vessel. He was engaged in trading to China, and at one time had charge of the Kaisow, one of the famous tea clippers, which formerly raced to iing land with the first of the season's tea. Find-: ing the changes in climate inimical to his not over-strong constitution he changed to the1 Australian trade. THa familiar face and! cheery greeting. will be much missed by a large circle of friends.' Ageiculttjeal Pbodtjce . of Ireland. — ? Some instructive calculations, designed to show the aggregate value of the agricultural produce of Ireland, -are contributed by Mr. W. J. Harris in a letter to the Economist: The recently published Irish agricultural returns give only the estimated yield of the various crops grown on arable land, and their value ^is reckoned at certain conventional prices much above those now obtainable.: Mr. Harris amends the estimate by sub stituting current market rates for the conventional ones, and adding a further sum for the produce of the pasture, mountain, and bog land. The result is' that the gross produce of. last year cornea out as worth £40,733,708. From this is de-: ducted £4,500,000 for the keep of 300,000 horses used solely in agricultural work, and; £3,000,000 is added for the cost of the Indian corn and other imported feeding stuffs bought by farmers. The sum thuB arrived at is £39,233,798, but of course only £36,233,798 is the product of Irish boiL Nothing is reckoned for dairy food and cattle sold, as this is assumed to be represented in the estimated value of the crops. Mr. Giffen, in the remarkable proposal which he made the other day for the settlement of the Irish difficulty, put down the entire rental of the country at £8,000,000. Mr. Harris takes it at £9,000,000; and the Economist, in an independent calculation based upon the average rates per acre of the 'judicial' rents fixed in the various pro vinces, comes to the conclusion that it is about £9,010,000. ' Tebee Acres and a Cow.— A good ulusT tration of the working of the '3-acres-and-a; cow' principle that we have heard bo, much about of late is given by a correspondent in an English contemporary, who 'tells that in the tear vicinity of a thriving manufacturing town in Scotland, with a population of about 18,000 inhabitants, many of whom have small gardens, there live a worthy couple and their six children, who have not so much land as '3 acres,' bat only about one-half of this quantity, and no more. They have got the 'cow,' however, and a pig or two, and they raise a good deal of market prof dace, such as strawberries, raspberries, gooseberries, lettuce, cabbage, &&, in their Beason. Husband and wife and the children j as they grow up, work upon. that bit of ground industriously.:! They are never idle. They till the land, manure' it, plant it, and keep it- in- perfection. Not a foot of it is encumbered with weeds or is allowed to lie waste.. From early morning till evening some one or other is bravely engaged on it at the proper season, and in consequence the soil is lovingly grateful to them for it, and repays them well, as it always generously does, for. the care and attention bestowed upon iir. It may be mentioned that the small but well-built dwelling-house which stands in a comer of the. land, and also the cowhouse, &c.;, have been bought and naid for oat of their savings, and now. all!. that.-. they''! have to pay for their snug little place is an annual ground rent of about £4 or so. Of course, had there been a score or two of such families as this living near this small town vegetables and fruits .would have, cheapened ; but there is ample room in the outskirts of all our large cities and. towns for thousands of families to' make a comfortable and pleasant living if they have the mind and determination to try it Meantime we now go to France and Belgium for much of the vegetables we use,' and for the aged and inferior egga now pro-; duced at our breakfast table?. \ Rotunda Concebt.— The band of the Eastern Suburban Company of the R.V.F. will give a concert at the Rotunda to-night. ; -Adelaide Philharmonic Society.— The rehearsal which was to have taken place to night has been postponed till to- morrow. Adelaide Litebabt Society. — In connec tion with this Society the Rev. A. T. Boas will deliver a lecture this evening, Li the Stow Lecture Han, on 'National Proverba,' Db. Schombubgk's Diplomas.— Dr. Schom burgk has informed us that the diploma from the Botanic Society of Copenhagen is the fortieth he has received, not the fiftieth as stated. ? CONCEBT AT COBOMANDEL VALLEY.— On Saturday a number of the members of the Port Congregational Choir paid a visit to Coromandel Valley, and in the evening gave a concert in the local Institute. There was a fair attendance. The performers were Misses L. Ellis, M. Peel, Abbott, and Kaye, and Messrs. Welboura, Miers, Wigmore, Phnlcox, and J. Channon. 