FICTION. -?-io: Fr um EtiRlUti. Anirrlca», hik! Oilier P*rln<tlcnU. THE ^1PTI<AW. CHAPTER X11. THE POUTKAIT. During the long hours of an almost sleepless night, Cora Ashmore had studied and planned how to keep Bernard Wildo from pursuing his adventure in the mountain glen, and to persuade him nit to look any further for the "fairy" whom he had seen. Therefore, when they met in the parlor alone next moi nmg, as she deeired, she was all ready for action, so to speak, and had her story-a creation of her own fancy, we are sorry to say-all ready. Seating Mr. Wildo in her favourite chair in the bay-window, she took a seat close by him, where both could look out on the ragged peaks she was to talk about, while a rather chill air from that direc- tion filled their veins for a ghost story, or anything else weird and strange. " My mother was a singular woman," she said, " well-informed, and naturally strong minded. Sha was not a woman to believe in supernatural appear- ances, or to fear anything, oithor mortal or ghost- like. She had ever held herself aloof from all fool- ish fears and fancies until hor only brother, ray uncle Robert, mot with a terrible adventure in those dreadful hills, and shortly after was found dead, his body horribly mangled, near the foot of a huge rock over there. " He told my mother of his adventure, and pre- dicted his own death, which followed so soon and so sui'oly, that from that hour my mother became a changed woman. "He said he was hunting up there, and had trailed a wounded buck by its blood into one of the I highest peaks, expecting every moment to find it, j the trail was so plain. " Suddenly, in a little glade, he came upon the deer, and over it, weeping, stood the loveliest girl ho had ever seen. The deer was in the death-throe and ho would have given the last dollar he had on earth to have seen it bound away free and un- harmed, its death seemed to grieve that lovely girl so much. *' He approached her, spoke kindly and regret- fully of tho act. She did not answer, but she turned on him a look of such unutterable woe and despair that tears ran down his cheeks, and he implored her forgiveness. " At that moment a hideous negress rushed for- ward, and the lovely girl seemed to meit away in the air, she was lost to view so soon. I " The negress, shaking a skinny hand almost in his face, cried out : "White man go to your people! Go and make your aff ah s right! You hab spoked to the white spirit ob the hills, and your doom is sure. No man can look her in de eyes and speak and live ! In ten days, no more, no less-be you in a church, or on your hoss, or in de very arms of your own muder, you will die !' " When she said this, she, too, went out of sight, just as she carne, too quick for him to know how or where she went. .' uncle üobert lett tlie deer where it fell. His veins were like ice ; and he staggered like a drunken man when ho got home, though he never drank liquor in his life. " He was sick then, and grew worse next day. Jïe sent for mother and told her the story j and he told her, too, that he believed he would die at the time named-that he had seen only spirits on the Ridge. " She tried to cheer him up-to laugh him out of the idea ; but he remainod firm m his belief. He arranged his alfairs, made his will, and grew worse. " They set a watch on him day and night j for mother said if the ten days passed and he still lived, the illusion would leave his mind. | " The night before the tenth day my uncle seemed so quiet, and to sleep so soundly, his watcher fell asleep. When ho woke it was day, and my uncle was gone from his room ! " Instant search was made, and in a little while { his mangled body was brought home. He had died on the tenth day. My mother never smiled after- ward. " And now, Mr. Wilde, hear me. I believe you have seen those mountain spectres. Yet you are safe, for you have not spoken to them. Oh, do not go near that fatal spot again-on my knees I im- plore you ! It is weak, it is unwomanly, for me to say this ; but your life is very precious to me. Do not tempt a cruel fate, and break my heart f " She was weeping bitterly ; her hot tears fell in showers on the hand she had seized and held in both her own. " Rise, Miss Cora-rise, I beseech you," he said.' "I will do nothing to give you pain. But let me think over this strange story. Let mo rally my mind, which your story has really set awhirl, and we will talk more calmly of it hereafter. I shall not go out to-day." " Thanks ! thanks !" she sobbed. Pensive and thoughtful, Bernard Wilde kept his promise not to go out that day. He brought his easel into the parlor, and set to work with colors on one of hie pretty sketches. The scene was a nook by a small bend in the creek, where he loved to fish. A wild grape-vine had crept over the gnarled trunk and leafless brandies of a huge dead oak which had been strieken and killed by lightning. I The vine hung laden with bunches of purple fruit, and birds were seen feasting amid the branches. | j Beneath, a mossy bank, in the shade, seemed to j invite a wearied ona to rest, where the ripple of j bright waters and the twitter of happy birds -could lull him tu slumber. A trout leaping up for a hovering fly threw silvery spray from its sides, and mode a finish to the pretty picture. " It lacks but one thing," said the artist, after he had worked faithfully on the canvas for at least three hours-honra made unutterably happy to Cora Ashmore, who sat near the artist, engaged apparently on some embroidery, but most of the time studying his face and form, and listening to his gentle words, when he felt like talking. "Whatis the one thing lacking?" she asked, after he had made his last remark, " To me your conception seems perfect, natural-so sweet !" " It would bo good, Miss Cora, if a strong figure was seen reclining at the foot of the old oak. Can- not you pose for rae ? Throw yourself carelessly on that lounge, your crimson shawl thrown lighly over one shoulder, please, and I will place your picture in tho sceno, which I intended from the first to present to you." She did not hesitate a second. Graceful by nature, she threw herself in position, knowing that she could not look other than lovely, with the soft light falling on her peerless face and rounded form. Rapidly, not waiting even to pencil even an out lino, Wilde dashed in the figure in color. The thought was happy, and it mado np, as he said, the one thing lacking to render the painting perfect. At lost, when the lunch-bell sounded, he rose from his work, saying ho would touch it up in detail after a rest. "What do you think of it, Miss Ashmore ?" he asked. " Oh, it is lovoly ! Yet, there is one thing still lacking. If you will add that, the picture will he to me a priceless treasure." " Name it, Miss Cora, and I will try to make the addition." " Your portrait, Mr. Wilde, sitting by my side and holding my hand." " Impossible, kind lady. No artist with common sense, ever attempts to paint his own portrait. I would spoil the whole picture if I attempted it." CHAPTER XIII. THE QUEER MOUNTAIKEEE. " Honey ! Oh, Miss Louise !" " Well, Chloe, what is tho matter?" asked the blind daughter of tho outlaw, as her cid servant came to whore she was seated near the open door- way of the cabin. " I'm gwine up the hill to my pa'tridge traps, I reckon you is gettin' tired o' bacon and hominy. If I has luck, you'll have a br'iled bird for your sup- per, honey." " I am content, Chloe, always with such fare as wo have." " I knows it, honey. You is jest dat patient dat you wouldn't scold if I didn't put nuñln' afore you. But I'll do my best. When Mars Willum comes, he'll bring sumfin' nice." " When-ah, when, will that be ?" sighed the un happy girl. " Hunted for his life-even now per I haps wounded, dying, or dead-I go almost mad with suspense when ho is absent. I sit here and listen to the bleeting flocks, the lowing herds, the i bark of the honest watch-dog, and envy those wh# livo without fear, lead quiet lives, hare friends to I love and cheer thom, and dear ones to make home t happy." ¡ " Hope for do best, missis ; hope for de best. Mars Willum isn't gwine to coop his darlin' up here for always. Ho is waitin' for suthin'. I hearm him tell Coesar dat. He had a brudder, a big man, dat went ober do water a long time ago. When dat brudder comes back, if he has to die his own solf, he said he'd see that you went out into a world where danger and sufferin' wouldn't come anigh you." "Dear, dear father! I will share his life and fate whatever it be. But go, Chloe, for night is not far away. I feel the chill of its coming shadows in my veins." "The sun is two hours high, honey. I'll be back in half an hour." And the old nurse hastened away, leaving her young lady, in her seat near the door. When she returned, half an hour later, her young mistress w/\s standing close to the verge of the "trap-rock," listening to the sounds she loved to hoar as they rose from the plains. With a cry of terror she rushed in front of her blind mistress and pushed her bock from her dan- gerous position. , Even as she did so she saw a man at the foot of the cliff looking up. Chloe was too much frightened to speak. If harm carno to his daughter while he was absent the outlaw would murder her. At least so old Chloe thought. And the presence of a man so near meant danger- imminent danger. At least so it seemed to her. She had not paused to look, or she would have recognized the artist and fisherman whose move- ments she had been watching through the glass. And now she dared not inform Louise of her dis- covery. Perhaps it would have been better if she had. " Come right in, honey," she said. " The night is damp and cold. And I have six of de fattest birds you over felt of. I'll soon have do jackets off two of 'em, and dey'll be ober de hickory coals." While getting supper Chloe was usually very lively, singing and chatting. To- night she was silent. Louise noticed it, and asked the reason. " I doesn't feel very well, missis. I seen a snake p-night, an' it skeered me awful. 'Deed, honey, 'it did, and I don't feel lively a bit. But I'll git ober it, honey, an' if I see dat snake again I"'l drap a rock on its head, I will for suah !" Louise accoptcd the excuse, and as the birds were soon reddy, laid on some fresh-buttered toast, she turned to them with a keen appetite. For till then she had eaten anything since her father rode I away. ' "O, I wish I know where father is-at least, could realise he was safe, and his hunters foiled in ' their cruel pursuit." This she said when Chloe had made all secure for the night, putting two heavily loaded shot-guns close by the barred door, in front of which she laid down on a blanket after her mistress had retired. And it would have been sudden death for any stranger to try to enter that door while the faith- ful negress was on guard. That night, not forty miles away when the sun was going down, Bill Tredogar and his faithful Cosar, from a by-path on the mountain, watched Rector and his party as they came to a halt at a tavern a few miles from Port Royal. The outlaw, through his glass, could see every motion of the " man-hunters," for they were but a couple of miles away. He saw thom unsaddle, enter the country inn, then come out, see their horses watered and stabled. He knew by this where they would remain for the night. And he told old Cosar that he would pay thom a visit and teach them a lesson before day broke. (To be continued.) 