IJU 1 AiSUNUiiK: \- on . LADY OASXLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. " TMoveIf0t. ' \- By BERTHA M. OLAT, . -V-. Itrnroo or bib okb mistake," " -mnowH-os a .:' .. - tub wontn/'.." a Binnoutr. i'or, a niNO," , - i "a hitter atonement," kto. ' . CHAPTER XXXyiI.-(CoNTliniBD. ; < Isabsl appeared at breakfast, so did Lord . Gastlomains. They spoke littlo: 'Rudolph / shrugged his shoulders whan he found' nia o. wifo would not bo at brenkfast. Lord Oastlo- : - maine did Oqnlly say to Isabel: ' . Yon soy you dielike Colonel Lannox. Why . y'-' : do yoa tolerate bfm", as. you did lost night, by : ' treating bim ae you do other men?" . "Yon forgot" Eiid 'IsahelHyde, gently." that 1 -am not a lender in eoololy, I have ho one to support any stand L "may make, i ' : My aunt thinke l owe. her a heavy debt of .. gralitudo' for mainitainiiig mo- here for two -i'U"." seasons, and the;only way I oah pay that; debt is by aiding her in every way which she nt i' requires to mako'her homo agreeable and her entortainmonis a eucioss. I cannot take "J an independent course". X wish X aould. And then; too, I may. not know .about Colonel "t.t; .-Iiennox . all the evil that ' you know . of >1 him. for thero moy bo maDy things .that. . would not bo mentioned before mo." '''That is very, true,!';, said Oaetlemaine, ...thinking, suddenly, that pissibly ; his; wife . , ; might he. 'as. innooont . of these < scandals as Miss Hyde Was.- 1 -- " ' .." At the flame time1" B<3de'd Iaab"ol, ha6tily1 "you have been my kind, faitfifal friend; . I 'iv:;. N . reepeot yonr opiniouaabovo all things, and , ' - if you tell me that von tbihk I: ehbnld ignore , Colonel Lennox, I ebouldosrtainly endeavour , , " " to do so irThvery.way in my power/; i . ;.'.r'Thb lelterawere brought ;in;- 1 LordCaetW-. .t-. " mains took up. his, and as be asked leave to n open it he wished that Gertrude was of as . h%l ..'.'' reasonable and amiable', attemper as Miss ' Hyde. "Miss Hydo," ha said,: prcssntly, "I am :"; v'/" t "oallod'to.Neath on bnainesk of imnoh import-' ansa ; X must catoh'the next train.'; Explain !. .;;t ' t my absonoo to. Gertrude ; say I will return to-'1 morrow. ' . He hastened from . the breakfast-roonii and . ' laoon left the honse.'- ' ' : . . Isabsl wrote o litllo card .to Lady Castle- . s maino, laid it with her letters, and gave them to Fanny to taka to her mistress. In a short : ' time Fanny, oamo to say that Lidy Oislls- !':-i maino desired toseo MisYHydo: Isabel found t.'T T;.v.hor ptilhin bed,: hor letters Soattered abent '? " tho-oonnterpano;, e '."T - i : "Ho Badolph hoa rnsbed off to Neath?"1 . .- -. ... "Yes. Aro you- going to wear the willoyv in that behalf 5" ': j . "No I But truly, Isabel,: he is eo diotar -,v. torial,' soaunreaeonabie, thit l do not. know -s>-y." . what to say or do;; 1 feol as.if .I lived on .the aide of a volcano, or in wretohod oartbqnnko . "..'lands.: Now. hero, my mother has written.. .' v . >Bhe - is not,eo well. : She oennot leave Bath,- ;:. - -.and sho basher businoes to do, ond bas: sent N-i : for Mr Grimheld; our soiioitor ; but then the v; t - T .. ' , bUBiucss eannot bo dona unlses sbo scet me, :;..: i'-Yu nna sue desires mo to oome down, this atter- ;.„v noqn.for three .days. Now, if '1 go right off,: .... .who knows hut Rudolph will go into another fury over that ?" . : . "i. . i , . " Of course ho oould not.1: He would not bo .. >.;M N joalous of your mothor;. Nothing can be more ; proper tbanto go to her;, yon onntako Fanny. ..\ .' .: ! !Thoro is no question about it. ; Your mother .vT'noeds.yoo.'-"' Sho.msy bo-moro: ill:'. than aho !. .' ! aoyB. I should bo anxious, wcrs.l in your ' place." " And you think that I should 0?" , " Certainly. There will bo a train at four ,: . > o'clock, from Common street; I spent eovoral " - months at Bath with Aunt OrcBSon." " , . . v «\vm yoa oome with me, .Isabel? .You f .. : wonld not wish to stay.lioro without mo, and ' you- might ao well .go. to Rath as to your Aunt." .'N . " Certainly I will go, i( you do3iro it." . " Well, then, ring for Fanny. I will havo a her pack my things, and I will write a note to Xludolph, inclosing my mother's latter. Wa go nt four. I almost think I will enjoy it; it will ba a obange, and Rudolph will have / ' . 1 : time to oomo' to his senoce." " : . Tho lctter to her hnoband was of tlia cn'rtcst.: i . Gertrude wna yot deeply angered at what oho .; - oonoidorcd the: inexeusablo attack of tho T, " .. previous evening. -To ont short her ploaeuro, : ' : her pretty social triumph with enoh furious, oruol words 1 Whilo Girlrudo wrotajhor lottors, broalt-. .. . - t .fasted, and had soma talk with her house- : .. .... keeper, Isabel, went quietly . to tho nearest ; tolegraph olHoa:and sent thiB dispatch, to 1 ' . > Colonol LsOdox : - " G. nnd I go to Bath, to Lady Craven, for tlireo days.. Wa take the 4 P.3J. train.'1 \- - An hoar niter Colonel Lonnox received this. \- v )o took tho train to ObnriDg Cross etation for , Ipswich— a jonrnoy of which ho took especial ' ' pains to inform Ilia friends. At four tbo next . i ' tho next morning be roeobed Bath, by a train : from "Ipswich, Cambridge,; and Oxford, a . T:i, roundabout tour; vrbiah tho colonol took 'With i. -v 'A ' vast delight. " . . .A;;' " An ovoning with her mother, reoountlng nil . : GOaini nows, and all '.tho oventa of tho season, : t. \ reotorad Gertrudo's spirits. , Lady Crayon's: illness wore evidently, moot of tbem, fnnoied, .. and sho was -looking -fresher than. ever;. By ' v : autumn tbo httlo fiction of.iU-hcslth would .- all bo dono away with. In- tlio morning oho . (,J—;itcd thnt Gortruda and Ieabol munt go out 'Ae-nio violk, and to-driok tbo waters. Mr. I : : .G\nmliold was not to ooino : for : husinbea talk ; ': until onoo'clooklunoh.- Lady Craven waoon- . ., , .-ternio -of groat friontllincss with her Inwyor, :... svliom- oho had known, since lior second )fflMringo,-,Rnd who had h#oa"hot. huthnnik'fi , warmest friond.. Getlrnds .had' been aeons- ; tmed to rcgord'ths lawyer, almost as ona of \- Hftnily.andit bad- been pleasing to her . thai ho Was also in oharge of iho aifaira of tho Castleniaino estates, and highly; regarded by , her husband, ' : ' aaMely.had tha.two ladies entered Sydnoy Gardens, when' thoy werb joided by Colonel Lennox, who met lucm,"ory hig j nyouoly ; " Tma is on unexpected plcaanrb." - " It certainly (f unoxpeotodi" eaid Gertrndo, . as sho .gave him her' hand. '"-I am-' on a Buddeh snmmons from my.motheri Ail;said before, you meet.ns as if yoa wcro inspired by a- tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit, Whioh is It?'' r : ' ; . - , "P wa wero either, tbo Renins shonld have .rny. deepest gratitnde,' said Colonel Lennox, ; .with a- glahoo. at. Isabel, unseen ' by 'Gertrndo. ' I1 And, pray, . whon- did you come?" asked. Isabel, calmly. i,"p4y. before, yesterday. I heard thai an \- ojd friend, a mejor of my regiment, washerd, siok,;. There, is ,a atrpng fraternal' feeling, . among .officers, yon 'know, and .I.oamohere: dircotly I left Lidy Craven's tableaux; Vcfy oharming, wero tbey ;no» I reosU them : Wj'b.ioy. I nover saw anything so beantUnl. Wo; hod; poetry, paintiDg, and scnlpture'all- togethor-Tn trao sonl-feaat. I shall reoall it in;,dietknt wilds and jungles or ..dosortb, many .a .iimej.donbtlees, ,-Tho. flower ehow -hero is just opening, And is said to have soma very remarkable orchids. Will yon visit it?" Theyjingored among tho .flowora ribtil twelve, and Colonol Lennox 'escorted tbcm.to : .Lidy Craven's dool. Both Isabel and; Gertrada' rofrained'from 'mentioning .whom ' they had met. ,. ,' ; . ' Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to bis - hotel and his friend. : Hc had,in foot, known for some time that a.'disrbpntablo old major: ;of .his acqnaintonoo |woa trying, with. B#th, water, to resioro h , system; acstroyod By. brandy, but ho had no . idea of visiting him nntil ho found- that he conld mako him a ' good oxbaso for his iappaarohoa in Bath.- ' ' ."And how haye'you spent' tho morning ?". nskod . tbo major. ; " '' Most oharmingly. I mot, Miss Isabel Hyde, n brnnotto, who drove London sooioty qnito wild two. seasons since, and yet reigos" 'in maiden meditation, fanoy, free.' And, also, Lady Gertrude, who orownod hor first, season by marrying tho Earl of Osstle- mains."- "I know," said tbq major,' eagerly; "a groat bpanty, and a tremendoas fortane. : Hex mother. ebjoyB tho inoom'o ; from the estate bat' tho entire roperty . of her father will rovers to sue dangntor. . Ah I Castlomaino was in raro look always. He bad all' that fortnno conld giro him in his own behalf, and gcta what tho French ball an enormous dot with his wife' He'll hava it all." "Not if ho happens to die bofora bis mother- in-law," eaid Lennox. "Not muah likelihood; a yonng fellow made of iroD, and moral as a prior." Or if bo sbonld happen to— get divorced,'! eaid Lennox, "before his molhsr-in-law died. In that oaee tho lady /would inherit in her ownbshalf."' . ; Divorced!" oriod tbo major, wiiharoar of l&ngbter.; . "Yon don'tseom'to know. that that was a lovo matob, and that Lady Castle. ' maine, as Mise Craven and. aa Lady Cnetlc- maino, is a trno model- of , propriety.,' Tho Snow Queen-xxtho. White Rose, tboy eay." ' "No doubt— no' donbt ; but modem oooiety io so. queerly constituted, and eooial lite has' now, bo. many . fantaetio ways, -oho nevor : knows what may happen." - ; Esp'ceially when suoh'mon as you bra let dodsa on sobiety, . Lennox, " said thb.-major,; snoeringly., "lam not.:kiumbored among the Cxstlb. -'maino set," said thb oolohel, ooldlyuobanging the conversation.: . . .. Lord Castlomaino retornod home to' find hie wifo and Isabel absent ; and tbo ooldhoto : of Gertrude, T. oohtaihing the : letter.' of hot ; motber; explained, the '-abienbo, but did not comfort hisheart. .' A <-'V . ' Going to" dine al his blab, ho. heard Colonel Lennox mentioned, with tho news that- bo bad ' gone to Ipswibh,- and, also;;. that bis regiment might at any inBtant bo, ordered to Egypt; Lbrd'Caetlemaine felt t'emptedto locaent wars and diebsrds abroad, so that by the withdrawol of a dahgeroas element : he might havo pbacs : at home. : . ; . Gertrndo returned at the ,tiiie appoinfed, 'and there eeemcd a tr'aao tofdomoatio' strifib The brbabh was sadly wide; the ealdneBS bo- . t'weon, tbo married- pair waa' evido'bt enough to put Isabel, who protended to. ignore , it, -in tba highest spirits. There were no morb looks of tender lovo, .eager honfidenpea, true, heart: : fait eomplimbnts ; each heart was wonnded ;' oaeh ona felt the other the most to blame, and neither .proud heart -wonld: bend to blame: lteelf." . . ' \- In another month they woald go to Neath for a rest,' after ihb excitemoht' bt the season. To that Lord-Castlembiho sebrotly looked for ward. Ho would have hie wife to himBelf, . and mhtnal explanationa ahd mntnpl forgive ness migbt follow: -Ho did not wieh even Isabel invited to aooompany them. ; ' Lady Gordon. gavo a gardon party. : Her snTdon-partieBwererboneiderbd tlioybry orown- inr fistivitiosof the egsg on— the lovolv grounds brotmo'a troo oroadio. - N. , Isabel waa oharming in- pink and pallsd tullo ; bat what wba Isabel in comparison with tbo beautiful Lady Oaetlemaine, 'in a drees of , thofaintest shado oi blno,: trimmcd with white wator-lily'bdds in her gilden hair,water:liliea half open abont her snowy shbnldora that ont- gleaihod tho flowers, .yfatbt-iilies showing their fragrant hearts of - gold, 1 drooping from her dainty .waiet; along the ehimmerlng folds to her feet; ' : Lord Oaatlomaiho'e heart grew very, tonder \- to Bo muoh bcantjr. Tboy bad boon together.; then frlende had called saob one away: Sad- donly Lord Caetlemaina met tho two friends whom be had overheard talkibg in. tbo. club-, honse, and the eight of them always re minded him of the .oalpablo :earelcsaness of husbands. He tamed to find bis wife: Bo went hero and thorp. Finally ho saw her._ Evergreens fqrtned a oirplo around a fountain. In that seohisioh and boolneEBl'.he heard his wife's sweet tonoa mingling with tbo plash of waters. Bho eat on tbo marblo booin of tbo fountain, and was idly floating in tba water a lily eho held in hor own v/hito hand. Sho was. look ing up and chatting with eomo ono, who bent over her with evident admiration in ovory lino ofhisfaeo. That man was Colonel Lennox. . : , . : CHAPIER XXXVIIL a cmsia or vats. ' -When Lord Costlpmaipo saw tho pair by the fountain, ho was wild'wjth jcaious rngo. That any man should doro look on- his, wifo with suoh.adoring admiration 1 Tho faot.was, : that Gertrudo hafl' become aecnetomol -to Colonel Lenqox'p-ndorlng, pbeBionato gaze, and merely. considered it 'Ibis way . of look ing," without oonsideriog what it meant. : _ Hi's first im'pulaa iwoio to spring forward,: eoizo bis' wifo'B<band, and load her. away— , away from the garden-party, away from Lon don, away from England i ; But Lord OaBtie- maino belonged to a pless whioh, bowoycr hot. may tb'its pasoion.'is. sohoolcd in .self-oon. trol ; repression, deoornm, tbeso i .wero bis. earliest lessons. He bbeoked bimeeif a moment to tako bis breath-to becomo master of bim- eelf. Io' tbafc monjoni tbo Duko of Ports c, with Lady Gordon on liifl 0rm» acPPJ® r, tho oirclo of overgreens and stood, be-oro tho oountcee and tbo oolonol. . , , : Lord CaeUcmaino was not neat onpngli to. hear what was said ; but thoro aro notions that havo o oloar voioe. . , After tho intorobanga of o few eentonccn iady Gordon laid hor band on tbo_ polonel s nrm, nod tlioy moved out of oigbtwbilo tbo PbUo pi ppitupa caroltia btpj tp Geftnwe, and 'rney directed tbeir stops towards tho con servatory.- .- ?' Lord Castlemnino nndoretood it all.; Tbo conduct .of hiaxvifo wos . giving rise to oam- mont ond.ouspiolon ; Lady Gordon had inter vened to. save the itaprudont Gbrtrado from her-own folly ; the fatherly old dqko was quietly defending Lady Oaetlemaine from n aangorons man.' : Rldplph's hoart bampd hotly. His .tvifo in this .'.terrible position I Bat be mnst conlrol himself ; thoy wets hoar him. :Tho eyes of hnsbahd ahd.wifo niot. Hie flamed indigna. tipnj herb shot deflanoo. Poseibl/ tho good . duke saw tbeee signals of warfaro, and , so throw himselfinto tho brcaob. ... _ " Ab. Oastiemaioe I" ho oried, " yonr wifo has honored mb by going with mpto sec Lady :Gordon's famous. rhododendron ; it took tho prizs at. the show -in Rnsscll Sqnoro last Week ; thoroforo, it is tho finest rhododendron in London; in England in all the world ; and ' wegoto pay bnrhomageto.it, - I.do not wish . to resign my fair partner ; age is now graced by. beauty." Will jron opmb with' us, or aro you' satisfied with .the. oompany 'Bho is in?" : Lord Castlomainp.bowed low. . . . " My wifo could not bo in.bettor company than oho is in now." - \- Geitrado nndcratood him. Ho had seen her With Lennox. .Tho. hand oh tbbduko's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved . quiokly. . Sho . wished that . sho worn -alone, that shot might ; burst Into: .angry tears, Bho W8B, then, walchod, spied, condemned I Thero .wonld follow farther scones of angry crimination and rcoriminbtioh.' Gertrude did not love quarrelling. Bho preferred peace, bnt.a peebe in whioh eho mlght havo hor own: way." Rather than yield to injnstioe, to in dignities, to arbitrary rules, she would quarrel to the bitter end. -. '. Probably' a Jieautifol rhododendron ' was never looked on with more .wandering and. less admiring oyos. . . Lord Oastlemaius with draw from1 tho frequented walks; ho oould not bear to meet anyone. Ho took a secluded soot, and' Ravir himself up to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred loaf, ovory 'chirping bird, every hamming inscot seemed ceboeing con demnations 'of the folly of Gertrndo; What hops was 'there for one headstrong againct oonnsel, loniont to vioe, careless of -tier own dignity ?. Ho- did hot Imow'that only tho first of these ohargoa held good against Ger trndo. . - . Lady Gordon came and plaoed . herself at Us slab ; she laid hor hand on his arm. " You look sad, .my friend ?" Lord Caetlemaina knew that she had some thing to say, and if this aabjoot must bb opone'd, hotter with an old friend like Lady' Gardonra woman ol gcji judgment, tuau with nny other. ' . " I am sad,!' ho said. "I am bitterly die-, appointed, mnoh perplexed." "Tho task of guiding a booutlfal wifo, bo young as yours, through, tho quicksands of modem society ; is -not an easy one," said Lady Gordon. "You mnst rcmombsr that -what: makes it so hard is the very thing wa ,'moit admire. Inncoenco, incapable of wrong doing, ignokant even of what wrong ia; sim- pliaity and frankness that o'onaaal nothing— ' these make Gortrado's' danger.!' "To think that' vy wifo. oonld'bb in danger 1" d'Not-in danger of any wrong-doing, bo- liovo me, but of oritioism and slandorous tongues. ' Yoa-Bhould warn-.hpr against Colonol . Lennox. Ho , is . paying -hor , very pointed attpntioh, and bho doos not know, it." ' "I haye warned herin the Btriotoet manner, over ahd'ovbr." ; . . ' '"It is a groat pUy/L-oaid Lady Gordon, . itbat modem society admits SfToply men", whose .alighieat . attentions nra dahgerous to ionr innocent yonng; matrons and maidens. All each evil-doers Bhoald be banished; bat they are not, and,. no one of use is bravo bnongh to bogin a.j jot oyotem of blaok-ball- ; . ing;";1. " Thon, as boob mon oannot ba.baniohed, tho only .thing, that remains, is .to. taks the nntortnnato womon that thoy vontnra to admire ont of thoir way." ' "I think that is the best plan. By tho next season :hb will no donbt bo gone, and sho will have gained, experience." ' " I have thongbt of - going at onao ;to Noath." ' " I shonld do.so. I have passed those idle hints nnheodod; as 'nothings; though I did, think it a little reckless of Gortrndo to ask a man'like Lonnox to a garden Inhohobn.- ' I ha:vo honrd,; too, that ho lias said ho.bbould ,givoa.dinner-at Grcbnwioh, and hoped that Lady Castlomaino wonld honor him by pre siding. But when I hcatd'that bb followed her to Batb| it really, ocembd to mo to ho going too far." ' ' " To Bitfi I" faltered Lord Caatlemaiho, his heart growing cold. ".A friond of mino wroto that ho saw Gortrndo and Isabel in tha Bydncy Gardsns with Oolonbl Lennox. : I tboiigbt as the nbws . had so bomo. to mb; it might , equally ; have reached others, and'lest. idle tongabs should: begin to talk, whon:I fontid bo had 'wandered , off 'alono with her, 'P wbnt and- took Um away." ' '' ' ' " I thank yon;" : But tho tone of those words made Lady Gordon tremble. - : ;; >. " I bag yonr pardon,' my friond," abo soid, " remember, that in ouch a casa'grcat gentle- , incsb is needed as' grcat firmness; '- I assnro' yon, yonr wife is as pnro and simplo -as a child. You must bb . tondor, X should, have had my pon rained, if tq groat firmness, I had: noij known how. to add patibnbb and tendoti noss." .; /' AU do riot possess thobo gra'oions "quail- ; ties;" said Jibrd Caollemains. " Thoy moot . bnllivato : thorn- ' : Thoy ; ate . ihdibpenoablo. Yoa must) sook thorn, my; triena. You will, rbponf all harshness.; ; Be- gontlo. Rimomber; also; 'that ovory good- and perfeot gift is from 'above, andiobmbth; .down from tho Father of .light.' -V : ' '. Pressing Lord -Caotiomaino's hand, Lady: : Gordon moved off among h'or guests. - \- Lord and Lidy Castlomaino wora the first : to takp leave. . . " " I do hot wish to go,'/, eafd . Gortrndo, pettishly. ." I am enjoying myoolf."' Isabel is notreddy. Bond tbo oarriogo back for us." " Ioaboi can bo left under tho ohnporonogc .of bqr aunt. "I dcBiro that yon will coaomp'any mo at once." , ' ' Not a word was spokon on tho way homo. - Arrived at homo, Lord Castlcmaina eaid : Gertrndo, will you kindly come to; tbo; library? I wish to opeak with yon." . , " I cannot! I am tirod. I moot go and'' ohango my dross.1' . : "That con wait, I inbist bpon you coming, to hear what 1 havo to bay,./ ' . " With a haughty otop Gertrndo entered tho library, and throw horsolt into a ohblr. : Well ?"' aho said, sharply, i . ' " Gortrudb you havo not regarded my wiohos about Colonel Lbnnox." -: "I treat: Colonol Iionnox jaot- hs I. troat btbers. Ho is nothing to me,"; . . v: " I do not wish him treated as others. - Ho Is nnwprthy.of It." . ; — V . "I cannot, mako myself absurd by varia, . tiono of conduct, as if I thought 4ny acquain tance waa'of-.anyjBpDBoquimoo.''.;:./'./;....- , : " You oould regard my wishes if you would. By nogleotlng thoni yon arc making yourself tho oabjeot pf auspiolon and- of tho most bnplcaoant romarke.- Tbo Dnko of Porison. ina . Lady Gordon woro to-day obliged to mako: ovident effort to save, my wifo from scandals and me from disgraco 1 ' -: .Gertrudo flnobpd brimBon. .. . V "Jyi\ " What do yon moan?'.' sho aricd. , !' I can toko oarn of ruysclft Who dares, speak harshly of me ?7 - . " Very many onvions tongues, aud you arc ifiording them canso. Yon u;o no mora tapablc of trilling euro of youroolf than a oliild opt put of the nursery, I thought yo» veto. . —yon arc not. -Tba havo deceived me. Yoa met Colonel Lennox at Rath." / "I knowl did I" oriod Gertrodo, '/ jdst.asl ' might meet others; I. did - not know hawse , thoro; ho went boford I did. Isabel and I; met him by : bhance. at the gardons, and ha' walked to my mother!s:dbbr with as." ."(She refrained from mebtionibg other mcotings at Bath ; why add fnbl to the flame ?) " How, dare yob say I . deooived yon ? Bo you not know that I scorn a lie ana all deoeit ? : I-tell yon it wns moro accident, thct meotiDg." " Sinco'yon .say, so I bolioyo it, on' your part, but not on his.. It. was no aecidont his being invited here to lanoh." . " I did not mean lo'do' that," said Gertrude. ' " It was an accident innrvay.' Butwhy shonld' I not invito him ? He is a man that I like.' Other pcoplo like him, and invito bim ; why. shonld yonr jealous ill- temper put a constraint on my moat innooont' sots 7" . ; "I cm appalledat you,T blnah for you I cried Lord Caattcmaino.": ".Colonel Lennox is a man of bad.ohataoter.and bad life t/will you notboliovowhoii say io'you, again and again?" . "I beliovo that yob 'believe, bnt I do not beliovoitis so, Prejndioo has blinded yok. I bco other- people 'rcociving and approving him ;:i sco the qaoon honoring bim ;:I'hcar him express tho noblest sentiments ; I know thatheis a horo;I — — " '"Enough I'.' cried Lord Caetlemaina, in ' fcriatcd. " I wonld not havo. believed . that yon oonld think or. say ' :anoh things. Wa 'go to Neath to-morrow morning; .. I will bava my honor. .' Will yon givo orders to Fanny to pack yonr wardrobo at once? " . " No, I will not 1 " cried Gertrndo. " I will not he dragged oft liko a criminal ; I will not be. shut up liko a maniac. 1 have engagements to tho oloso of tho .sosson. Isabel tans been invited to remain with us, and wo oannot oloso oar doors to hbr. . Yoa will mako me tho talk of society." .' ' - - Yon aro fast making yonrsslt that," said Lord Oastlemaioe, angrily. " If yob willnot give tho order to yonr maid, I must; for wo shall leave' in the ten o'clock train to-mor row. /As for.Mtss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, orask on invitation from Lady Gordon; Lady Gordon; at least, will' nnderstand why' wo go." / i '/If my mothor wore hero I wonld go to her,and.frea you of responsibility tor ms," pried Gortrnde. ' " Hneb'ahds cannot ho freed from responsi bility in eaeh away," Baid Lord Castiemaine, "I should not allow yon to stay in London. It is my duty to removo yon from soenea of temptation and danger, in whioh you evi dently do not know how to guide yourself. Will you giva your order to Fanny ? " " Deoidodly I will not." : Lord Castlomaino rang the boll for the bntlcr. . ' '! Bobert, yoa will send a pago with a tele gram to Neath, saying that wo leave for thoro in tho ton train to-morrow, and will remain ' (hero for tho rcst ot the cummer. Yon will arrango with the honsekeepbr for olosiog this, bonso for tho soaeon ot onco. ".Order my man . to paok all my things immediately for leav ing ; and take for Lady Castlomaino on order to Fanny to.paok her lady's wardrobe for im mediate departure!, and have all ready for tho .morning train, if she has to work , all night. Wo will havo no delays." < The bntier bowed .. He was too disCreet to . look at his lady ; bat aha was standing:in apparent- indillerenoo, looking ont into tho garden. .When th'a butler had' gono'she turned to Jeavo the room. : " : '/ . " Is. thero'nnjtbing.eteb: you, wiBh,, Ger trndo ?,"saidLorb Castlemaibe, in bp unfortu nate attempt to obiry bnt Iffij Gordon's pro'- gramme cf gentleness. ' ,:1- I wieh nothing" said Gertrude, .with pas. sion " exoept that I hbd never seen you.- You havo dieoppointed: mo. ' . You , aro.' not bb I: thought yon. You aro my enemy. Yon are Cfbel and delight in making me wrotobod. i wish t bad rctaiqed my.freodom. . You 'tiiko ploaeuro in chawing mo that .1 am .no better than yonr clave.' ; At least a Stave can ezerbisa tho right 'of bating tho chain I " , ' Sho left the roam with .these words. She Was Swept away in a frenzy of passion-. In oil her life eho had been- petted and indulged,-, and if "her mother bad desired bet: to parcuo any especial "eonrso. it had been braltily , arranged eb as to seem . dictated by hcrsblf . Hero was tbo first instance' of 'reproaob, of "bbrrcolion, of condemnation that she had ever ; . known. And sbo had been attaokeil in :ii point wbere bho felt hbreelf so in'nooenf, so abovo all ohallebga. -Hid ebo not always rebelled tho compliments of the oolonel ? Had - ho over boon asked to hor.homo except to that . ono tea,'and to:tbat fatal lbnob, when Isabel really hadinvited him ? Had slio not alwoye loved and admired her hnsband, and had she - over in tha elightest thought of her heart . "given him cabsa for jealonsy ? . And now. eho . :was to be made (heipuppet of his jealonsy, toy of tha Caetlemaina temper I , : : 'i i She huriied to her boudoir and looked hor- ' self in; without stoppibg to take bfl.lier lebtal'. eplondorSj Whore tho vyater-lilics woro alroady drooping and fsiding oycr tho.ehcen of tho silk. ' ;V.: CHATTER. XXXtX. ho ttouh wmsnnnbAniisHOT. ' " Night bridge counsel:! . When first Gertrude :went ; to her rooni. she: was resolving on. :o thonennd wild , "arid " fbtiio sehomes. Sho' wonld send a -telegram to her mother and mako her, coma qoiokly and open her, own boneo in Fortman ,' ; Sqnaro, . and : take her ; .daughter home.f.;'-BnWsk3 knew that. Lady : Craven wonld not V do!' that. Lady Craven: abhorred scandals,- of: all things. .. Bho would not bb a party to her dangbte'r brsbking np: hor married life ond: home; Lady Craven's" .lull . ambition ' had been isbtisGed when she: 'mado her daughter a countose.ond she wonld coueidor ifi a very email thing to ssorifioo an' acqoaintonee," ana a.littlo self-will, for tho. sake of tho coronet and the splendid position of the OsBtlomaincs; .Then Gertrndo wishqd: eho might ran away and loea her'solf to every; onb whom oho ljad known. Sho'hud read of people who lived quietly in little, unknown, lodgings, and'Went and aamo as thoy okoeo, who hod no one to< molest them, and lived in hnmbio peaeo. " Bho" rboalled tho pitifnl words of Anno Boloyn : , " I.nwoar. 'tx3 hotter to ba lowly born,, : And range with hnmbio lovers in content; Than tar bo perked up in a glistening grief, -. . And wear s golden Borrow.!', - v. .... : - For mbro than two hours Gertrndo pnrsusd ih'aUitB.mazos this dream of disappearance and a lowly. life. . Poverty sho had noYor: .known, oven far bill, and it had no terrors for her; ' Ut was it vision and a pinh that alter- ward provcdnttcily disastrous to her. fanny . wee busy in tho adjoining rooms, making ready : tor tho dopartnro.: Gertrndo; finally eompesea her appearance, ond cnlled tho girl to aid. her in ohonging hor .dress., Sho wonld give riso to no:, enrmiseb. nnd importinont .disonosions among servants and if sho . finally aonclnded on any plan, sho must becalm and strong to carry it out. A." : : '.".At ilinnordimo nbo went .down, cold and stately, bat her hnsband had lclt word that ha ehould dino at his club. 1 : Isabel obmb rnning in, allialbrt.,':. " Gertrndo ( why did you leave so early ? Woroyquill? . ' v . " No-rfinito tho oontrary— Rudolph: wished it'" X'-'--'' v-T"' J, ""What a pity. It was sneh a dolightfnl party. I mado qnito. n conquest of an old Indian nabob — lio hnd bcou married to a begum with no end of treasures, and sho died and he possessed all. II l icit qnito sura- ho wonld follow so landablo nn example; I would gossibly/takb'hiSnamo for :a little -while,:- to avo hia rupees for a long while. But, Gor- trudo, why r,vu .you PC pslo nnd (lull? Yoa . are ill; aud i seem, to hoar tho. stir "of . preparation in tho house— tho brooking hp of a qatiip. i.What docs it mean ?'' . t -..' \- '-It meapsi'Asaid Gertrude, With repressed . passfon, "that-Lird CaBtleinaiho sees fit' tp /break- up here, witbont warning, and order the , housebold down to' Neath to.monbw morning. I am very abrjy for yon, babrl.' It is most ; disgraoolul of uajth incommode you in this ,.i»oy; ' You do not/wish.to go homo nntil.tho olorb it Ihb season. Yon will not want to. go . to Lady Creoion.'.'- " My dearest I I am disturbed, .not on my , aooonnt bat yonrs.: I cpn go to Miss Allerton : eho haa osked mo ropoatedly, and l um to bo her first bridtsihaid yod know, as Iwasyonrr.. It ie hnlnaby for a Rirl to be first brides maid . .-often; aha in never .bride;"- ' " So much the better for her 1" cried Get- . triido with emotion; , . !<- \- " My. doarest 1" said Isabel, taking her band, . and caressing it. Jl.1 am so .grieved -for yon. : I understand this... . It .'is Gastlemaiho: pride, ' and .Caotlomaino jealousy. But tha method is. thtdjreval. ' I -had, no idea this' Lord 'Oastlemaioe would follow tho example - of his nncostors." " What example do yon mean ?!' ,: . . . , _ "Why, .do yon not know?. Are yon' so little read in uio traditions of yonr anoisnt . family." .' „ . > '! Jt is 'not my family. .1 bslievo I'hata, antiquity and pedigree," .'- ' " .. - ' ".Ho do I, always cxeopt in tho direotlons of old loco and hereditary jewels. - Bat the instances aro these. ' Charles II. looked approvingly at aLady.Oaetlemaihs— not that sho ever bow : the look— but the lord' and master promptly carried; her off to Neath,, and there garrisoned himself with her ia Bafcty, till the period .of their joint lives.. Another. Lady Caatlpmaine, of a ..mncioal taste; admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of theopcra, qaito harmlessly, yon know, as wa would admtro a good' organ or prss'bly a musio-box, and eho also woo swept off to.Neath, and the nover oamobaok. For her no moro opera; or theatre,' or hall; or garden party, or high tea, or tableanx I Poor . soul, Bho might bettor havo died and done Wilh it? "Why did sho not tako, a doso of poison, or an 1 aspia,' liko Oloopatra," "If either of ibem had any sense, whes : they were tired of captivity, thoy might bavo run away and hidden Ibomeelves." "There wero no railroads in thoso'dsys, nor etesm 'vessels to the Continent, or to the ether Bide of tha world. My dear Gertrndo, if. yon mean to resort to 'snob' desperate measures, lay by yon a noblo store of pin- money and jewels, for in this ego even a hcrolno cannot livo without cash." Dinner was served. In the centre of tho tablo stood n splendid, : basket of whitolilaos ; thtir pcrfnmo filled all' .the room. ' " White lilacs so into in tho season I" cried Isabel, and miming to tho table, she bent over, Arow the centro-pieoo to hor, and bnried her faoe in. the imawy, fragrant mass. "Flowers I flowers I" oho whispered, "yon are my witnesses. Am I not ksoping my. vow ? A littlo longer, and all will ba dona 1" : Shortly after dinner Gertrodo exonsed' her; self to Isabel and .went .to hbr room. - A.littlo later Cord Gastlemaine oamo in, and finding Isabol in tho drawing-room, explained as well . 'as ho'oould tho sadden deparlnrb, " Pray don't speak of it. I. think yon are . .very wise. Yon aro doing jnst right. I will- go to Miss Allerton. I have eent her a note. Oh, I.envy a-rtrude going down to tbat lovely " homo, eo'safe, eo sweet, so noble I .Nothing to do but bb good and happy,-. Ab, If I had a home like Neath, I think 1 sbould ask .no thing better than to live tbers all' the. time ; doing good to iny tenantry ; making tho ooon- try batter and happier.-and npbnldiog tho. glory of an ifinstrions historio nemo." \- 'Nightbroughtcoubsel. Gertrndosawplainly. that her own dignity rrqbired. that she shonld go quietly to Neath; If Bho made any osoa- padea, it mast be when driven : to greater j ex-: trerucs. ! :x ;. - t: :-i. .'t' . .i: . : , , Aa for. Lord ; Oaatlemaihb, bis - heart had' grown apathetic with excess of hia mosing., He did not know that he was misjodging his yonng wife. Tho ;lovely .fabric of "his hope andaffsetioh seemed to-have fallen in rqins. abont him. The f uturo was h6pblsss4-thb pre sent was pain. " Lord end Lidy Castlomaino brekkfasted .alono in utter Bilencc. ' T v; : : : In biibn oo they bnterod' tha oarriogo to'go to: " the station --ih.silonoo they made tho journey, to Noatb, in':tho reservod, firat-olass cor. \- It was only about a year einoe, fall of joy : and 1 ope, Gertrndo hod goiio. to. her; pew .homo 'after her bridal tonr. -Then ':ilmo': was nil to abort.for the overflowing words bfaffee- \- tion bstween the marriod lovbtB.: .Ndw oll was gloom and silence, Gsrtrnda fixod her enzo upon tho ' InndBenpe— it was boautifnl , Kent, with its low1, greon hills, its oathedrals, its villages, its thbtobed bottngbs.' Lord OabUs. maino read, the London Timit. . '''., ::' , Iotensoly . tiuthtu1ond hononrablo, Ger- trade was wonbded in ber .tb'ndorost! sohsibi- ..ties by tho oaspioIohB and aboneationa ol, her husband. One of her traits was bbstinaoy, andih'thie eha Bbut herdelf np. Sho .w'pnld inbvcr'yield ; Rudoiph mnst borne, to see that hoba'd wronged her, and mnst.makb' tho ham-. i blbstapbrbgiss; Bbbdidnotkriowthatsheoonld forgivo him oven then; '- On his part, . Lord Cabtlomaiho, beholding her nngor. and gloom,, attributbd it to h ./interest' in Colonol Lennox; and distress at .being parted from him. : Ho conld; not hava' . inado a greater mistake. -''-1/7'".'.'.:-; '-.tp' '--- - ; ' ; : . All the joy of a re/arn to his ancestral home, ' whioh ho deeply, loved, was taken from.Loid Castiemaine. . -'-y'--:- : -'. 'yv \- Gertrndo regardod'Noath as a prison', and' hated it oordially. / - ' :;- " Adivided life now.began, bbtwebn ; thisi HI- fated pair;; Tory qften Gertrude didnot eomo ' to broakfast.' : If bho did, shomet hbr bnBband with a bold nod. and tha two read their letters and their newspaper's as they sipped. their tea and btrthbir eggs and: toast.' Alter breakfaot Lord Oastioihnibo' bnsied himself .with ! tho bavos of n'great estate ; he wrote, and eaw his steward in thd library ; he took long -rides ./to" examino.'differont farms, or' visited- cottages' that wore in heed ol repairs, or cobool houses whioh ahonld bo improved.: , A yoar before, all. plane, all jntorcsts had been discussed with Gortrndo. .Bbobad'gono with him on horeebaek to tba farms ; oho had enchanted all tho tenants with hot comtesy ; . she -had . oalled at tho -sehool-haasea; and for.binatcd tho old baohelor rector in tho 'rcc; tory, and.visitcd the cotges,'Scattoring gifts with atonntifulhand.. . : ;' :!-. ' Tho" two : mot" at dinner, but noithor asked .tbo other how the day had bcenopent ; thero .wore bo aniinbtod disonseions. Gertrndo did pot tell Rudolph of. tho young mother whom Bho .had found .wcepiog over hor. dead babe, nor ol . tho aged widow whom sho had com-, fortbd ;' nor, d jd:-. Rudolph Ysk Gertrudo for u wedding, troimeaulox tho gamokcopor'Snicco, or for a christening robo for a.baby on soma farm near Rsdmoss. 'V.:.' ' . i 1 After dinner, Lord Oastlcmaino/rbad- Mono;' in bis library, or smoked his oigar as ho paced the terraoo. Lady Castlomaino walked Aloiie in tho gardens, or eat with bomb idle knitting in ber hands, or sat: down to' her piano, whioh -shb .pointedly left : if. .hbr husband appeared. , " . .. ' v:,, ' fjuoh a lifit as this Is killing, oapeoially if It intcfvonc's liko s, sudden, frost on tho worm, bddding spring of ybntb, . Lord Oaetlbmaino had the . relief of bcoapation; . for ho was i a landlord who- realized ;hla duties toward'his dependants;. Gertrudo had two sources, of vollof, ono'was long-walks, and hours of won dering in the wido nnd. beautifal grounds - of Neatli Abbey. ' Thora ebo Idnnd not only trim gardens, ohavon iawna. parka dollontoly. ileared of nil -undergrowth; nut wild atreama, fiecp, lonely , dolls,., thick .-.woods, winding "walks gtpopjji tho ftw,';- whtta .- (??, hpota. tih5 : : -'. ' . / ; . - -- , . Would hear .no Btcp uavo-har own. She ba- oatno noonstomod jo those lonely, rnmblos, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her; ga for: horns nniooompanlod,to wonder in tbo abbey parks. . Tho year before she had boon deeply inter ested, in tho tennntry, eepaciaUy the poorer olass. Her.' nhbonhded generosity found eoopo among; these,' who looked np to her as a visible Providence. The largo sum which; ahe reooived ks "pin-money" from hot hns band, and that other largo -sum, which Lady Craven relieved her mind by regularlyremit. ting to ber hoiroBs dangbter," enabled her to bnpply every want that camo to her. know ledge. .The honeokcepor, mbodfol of ber lady's disposition, as soon- as aho retorhed to the abbey; laid before her all essas of need— this ono olok,' that old dame" gone , blind," tho. mother wboao ohildren noodod to. bo/flttod ont; for eohool, the baby tbnt mnst Jiavo olathing. '.tho Iamo boy that wanted a wheel chair,. the young' ghl- that-.'should loarn ;a trado. Gertrndo was too gonerbna to tnm a deal ear to any ' of those pleas, and in them she fonnd soma relief for ber sorrows. In her honrs of lonely musing as oho rest- IssBly wandorod alone, ehe trled to form eomo plan for her faturo. - This life wonld booomo Unendnrnble ; she wonld go riiad. Alter a whilo eho wonld insist on going to her mother at Esstdale Park, in Sussex; her own faturo estate. . Meanwhile, not knowing wbat might- happen, she rcsalled Isabel's' advios abont money, - and, weekly pnt'a sam intoa looked: oaeket in her boudoir. Sbo never eonhted it to ; see how mnoh ebb had; bnt the very foot of this oaving eaused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing hsrsolf to all who- had over known -her; and panning life in her owri way. Sho felt earn that Rudolph,. U fie had ovor loved hsr; had now changed lovo to hate, and she nover considered that "disappoaranoe would arnBh hermotbei'd bap- plziess. Sbo supposed that sooioty wonld consols hoi mother for anything. She did not yot knqw another's hoart. . vuu . ovnmog, aa uora uasusmaino was raturnmg to' tho abbey, his sonl fall of bitter pain over his lost lovo and blighted home, he saw a yonng caiponter of -the villngo nearing his own village. . This yonng follow had boon married two or throa months befora tha carl, Who had giiron him a spiondid sot of tools as a bridal gift. Now thiny bong workman was goiog homo with eager faoa.snd long, swing ing strides t and now, from his door oamo ont tho yonng wife, joy in her pretty face, a little infaot in "o gown of sjsrinkledpink" lying on. ber arm, and .wont' to uicot her hnsband, whom eho greeted with a kiss. Tho yonng follow.kissed, also, his babe, whom ho regarded with evident prido and /astonishment -at its beauty and brightness ; .then taking his wifo's band, thoy walked home, the mingled Bound of their happy voices ooming . clearly to tho oari on the evening air, nnd Bonding arrows of angnlah through hie aonl. . When: ho lifted his heafi' again he was passing the Window of a aotfsge, and thero within, eat Grrtradc, in her white dross ol ladir mall, and her cdsetors'of.rocos, and on. her lap lay tho oottSgoVS. baba, in its whito obristening wbo;-"'- How lovely was Gertrude; What sweetnees in her face,; bent above tbo little baba. -The picture pursued her husband and filled his droams through all tho night. CHAPTER XL. A TfcNDBB FLINT. . Gertrudo," said Lord Caatlomalno -thB, next morning, ' layiog down 'hla paper when tho servant had lelt the breakfoat-room, "ean. yon not try And be nlitUe happier hero? You Havo loot atl your . gay. spirits. / I think yon us a little pale and yon are listless and sad din yon.not/oast away oil that is.' unpleasant in the past, and bo bappy ?" ' '/No, I oannot 1" Said Gortrndo, -eharply; ,! . 1 !' And why not. G-jrtrudo ?" ; ; :: "Beoanso I .havo nothing to bo happy abont." ... ' "' .. " II booms -to mo, on the eontrary, that yon ue oho Whom all oari ' onvy; - health, youth;- ooanty.for thhe, /position',! home— " Prison, yon mean,'.' interrupted Gartrnfio. ",You oan faBtch birds hp in a oagb/ but yqn cannot mako tliom sipg. there." / : ; - : - " I am sorry'if my home— if Neath: Abbey, !b b prison to yon;" './'V A.-; .. I, hato; Nea'th Abbey l". oricd Gortrndo hotly. ' i - - "Can, I take you anywhoro where yon-.will ba happier. Will yoa. '.go! to .Switzerland? Or ahall I take yoa to bar shootiog lodge, np in tho Highlands. You may like the ooencry there.":.:.-., ;- . : \- /"I'do not Wish to ba tiha onywhero. It. is.the taking that I object to. Yoa speak, as it I wcro an infant.'or on idiot. n'nd 'aa a married woman :'-I suppojo legally I am tho latter." 1 ' ' ; ;-,/ ',' "Gertrude,; Jon surprise: me 1. /Why -do you oberieh thteo feelings toward mb." \- "Rcoausb yon have' given me the bUtorcst nccasioh. You took mo away from. London .against my WilT,'ahd he it I wero.a 'oriminal I Everyono is wondoring and talking: Agnes Soonrton wroto ma that thoro. a thonsand wonders over it, ahd Isabel says sbo is weary of. answering questions /.about; ; Lady Caotlo- mamo.;. You havo diBgraocd mo/and dollber- at'oly .rninbd my lito. Yon oould not have been ino'rh prael,: You. said/o'nob, 'that y'oo oonld bbSbrabl to'-.onp yon fondly -'loved. ) .must tako tho cruelty : then as a: proof thai onoo you loved mo, tbough lt is a poor proof. /and I would rather havo lesslovo ana Irssbate.l ; ' '!, Relievo mo, Geftrufibt;.I, havo loved you; .-do loyo yoa with all myhsart— -with tho wholf strength of my natnro." . ./. " And yoti. provo It /by making into miser- bMb-f-oane'eleseiy miserable i 1 T wish none oi such lovo."-- : — st: . ':( \ Tbo ecrvant'a return proventoiiiuther talk, and Gertrade'has(siied tb hbr rbom to avoid oontinuanoo of tbo oohvbrsation. ,- : . Lord Oastlbihainb ; told' bimsolf that this lyas" tha wilfalncs3 ,of: it'; bigh-tompored girl, whb , whs uhnsod 'to any intcrfsrenoo. Bj degrees tho' excitomont .and'paBBion ol hei leaving London' wonld; bo o tbibgof tho post.-' and thoy would bo rcconoilod. - . : Ho had hoped that there being alono wonld Iraw them, nearer togotber, and restore mntnal confidencb. It soobicd to -pub thorn farther asunder. A third party would make .it needful for them, -to apeak morb togotber, and bo -moro cordial . than now. Ho would requeot Gertrado'to invito friends. .. , Aa for Gortrndo,; tbo short oonvcroation id whioh oho hadVso'iliy ':mot her hnobandV pao'fio niv'anoos or'onscd- to . fresh boat all hor aager: ' As obb had baid; bho nourished qn io- 1 ienao hatf of : Nenth'. 'Sbo hatod tho family . relias, tho airmarial bbaribgs, all.tbat bospokc tho antiquity of /tbo line. Sbo told herself thai it wao prido of Apbdigroa that mado-Rudolpb to oraoting ; ho felt that ho oould dominate . her because " his family waa better than bora." Ho had eaid so.. Woat an insult I Of all tbioga aha hated'tbo plotura-gqUcry with the. family portraits ; ;sha hated thobo dark, proud, bait oonfident lords) ovory oho looking aa it he \- dried, "Oiistleinaioo against tho world 1 " "It is jnst tho story of tha old French oionr ,pnt into English I " oriod. Gbrtrudo tohereelf. Thero is tho- pope, and thcrb is tbo king, but t am a Obstibra'afno I " : . - / V ; . : . , But of all things bha hated tho portraits, of tho Ladies OabUemaino-H-thoeo mild, dolicato- foaturod, meok Ladiea Gaatlcmoino. Eomo of tho earlier pneb posBlbly hod hardly know how eq retd,:.- M my of tbom. for solo' ocpomphah. - nonts ploying on tho opinof, and working on tho tambour-framo ; but thoy had all known how to.oboy, nnd.it-.was this fominino mook aoao and weakness. that had mined tho carlo of Oaatloniniao. : I-':' Z' ; - "Well.htla'at thero shonld bo a Lady Ooailb; nalno who woni5 hpl9 horhv/a and -fight to ibo (loath, ' "I wish,"'oho cried to them "in- her' iaty; - - -: " that you wonld all comb alivo oat of yoar frames jnst otto minntb, to hear 'what Idiots : 'u A I think you, aud lot you know that I am 'a.'!-:-';,:-'. higher spirit than yon. It would bo ' TOItb: /: /;;": something oven to disgraco.tbo name of sneh . a wnak-mindod lino of oountessra, not ono/. ; ' of 'you able to olaiba your own coal" for your . ' ::i' 'own!"'.":",,:. :: Gertrndo's state of exoitsmsht wasGneh;' \ 'r. thnt sho did not ess tbo absurdity oi tbis out- burst to the family portraits. Sho .was. in ,o ' "// / aingulaily cxoitod nErvoua stato whioh Bho . / dicj not roalizo and. tho' trno ibattso of '.which' Bho did not guora. v./ Hnfortnnatsly, tho only reason that Lord:; - Oastlomaino could nssigii, for his wife's con-:'; : tinned angbr and obstinaoy. was the liogiring : . rcgrot for-Ooloncl Lbnnox. Hb woo of tin ia- / - tenooly jbalbn3dl9poa|tion, and ho had hoard ; U V, people say that Colonijl Lsnnox was a man. ' singularly 'fancinoting to most womon, and , abla to oxoroiso ovor then tho most nnbonbded : ; influence. > . The idoa that Oolonol -Lsnfiox had ;, dared to fallow his wifo to.Bith'l Even thongh . . he accepted Gertrude's statement that shbhad : nothing.to do with it, -it showed oleariy that - the oolonol was sufficiently in terested towatoh : / all her movements, and that he had felt ooii- ttdont of a' good rcooption ot.hbr hands." Still, Gortrndo, was his wife j ho lovsd her/well./: -' Things might go baok to noaily tho old tender . footing, if sho would lay aside her piqne and - : . treat himasinhappydays. Sbowaagailty only : ' ofhoedlossnebs; too folly of iunoconcc ana iucx- - - - perienoc; -Ho'mhst oloso'np tbo broaohbotwbonv - tbem at all hazard. - ; . : ; _ . Gortruda was sitting in one of Ibb 'ibng ; ., : -: opsn windows of the Noalh drawing.robm, . , looking upon tho terrace, her. hands in hot ' . lap, her hood loaned baok 'against' tho crimson ; ohair- casbion. Lard Oaetlomoins oatnc up be-: hind her and laid in h'cr lap twoheavybanohea of white roses., " : . V " See, Gsitindo,; yonr own' flowers I- .TYc n ' shall grow famous for our rc3C3 scon. Joba- - son thinks hooanprodaoo'anow.variaty, tho"/ vory orown of white rosea. Wo will oatl it the : '- ' Wnito Oastfcmaino.' " ' , ". 'Why, yod have no flowers on yonr dress, as you UBUally.havol".-' ." : M '. / :;: VrV;-/.' , " Flowers arc for the happy;" / ";: "Bnt'I wish yon to behappy, Gertrude," v . "Yes, in' your way; but happiness Is not ' mads to order.'/':. v : ,rAt least yon osn wsar some flbwaro I Sao,; ; " I will BRango'yoa a cluster for your bcU.',/ y- Hs - began breaking off an - combining the . ; flowers, and thon bent to put tbo fall alnstsr 1 .A - -in ifa place: Geitruds suffered him to do it, . bnt, only bb ono "who oondence. When ha- had finiahed. sho said: V. . ' ' " "r-Aon't lovo flowers S3 onoo I'did;-thb . odor is too heavy,, it overpowers ine,'! nnd aho pnahod tha remaining blossom's from hor- ; - lap. : 1 v : . >-- .. ;./ v ,"': ;:.''::V:.-v " Gertrude," said Lord Oastlomaino, ignor- ' . ,'ingthis. Snpposo wo havo some onb invited . tothoabboy.- lam away about, tbo C6totoo ,/! groat- deal, and you seem not to caro' about-' . , -. horsebaok riding as yon' coco uid; you aru lonely : why not invito somo friends." .- It is yonr home," said. Gartrnde, boldly ;" : ; "invito whom yon oboooo." i - - -- \- /'Bnt I wont tho company as you choose," 1 said Lord Oastiemaino." It is for yonr sake, ' I waa very happy lost year, when wo were . .- hero alone ; but. now I think you need some - . ono to amnso yon." ' " Hnderatand,'.' . said-.: Getlrndo, ' blaatly,' ' " that I will : uvita no ono hero. Yon hava ' fonnd muoh fault with my ohoicoof acquaint- ; . ancos, , and havo- asserted' a right to-givo mo 3 orders as to hpw I ebg.ll treat pcoplo tbat l ' meet;. .If I. shonld. ask any; oncji itrrmighl-: ohanpo that yon wora ..not pleased; - jinErE lvN ' -: : ;.Bhonld.exiiOBO gnostB-to nnploaaantnce?:' A 't' You navo- never /found mo. laokinB' in-",!- ; " -oOffittosy or faospitahty. kVben wo Sgrooy ; v . upon a guest, jon hntiw: my honse and- ntten- ' - .' tion are at their dupoaition." ' '' When wo agree,", said Gertrodo. !' That - ' : : is, I may. go, to you, and say ; Da yonrpcr- , mime/to ask . enoh a 'ono? . Mcy I mabn ' snoh a fnond? May I spook to thi/rocm?' - ' Clearly, then, I mako no friends,- and give no - invitations on sneh' terms" : rV ( "Gortrndo, why will yon misunderstand v. :,mo? .You knowl nover, bnt in one instance, interfered, in the slightest degree with your social Wo." And that wao'whoro intcrferenoo was imperatively noedfnl, and where I was in a much bettor position to judge than yon : " wero. i.Ootonel Lennox was a very.fcad mon-"- - -.! Yes;:a:wretebod patvenuo, looking, -as I do,;Homa flfty known aneasiors id-a otraigbt " ' ; lino behind- him. . However, I prefer not to : r '/ " discuss Colonel' Lennox with you;. By your - . jealonsy, m.London, yon havo-modo-'mon-."/ '. - : mark for envious tongues.' - Wo shonld- never - / . :»gr80 on. that gnostion ; : why . dontinuarit ?- " Among -all my faultd, I: havo ono -virtue. I « v" - hato oh. : oensorlonsnoss-' and 5 nnohntitablo - npoakiog ot those who oro not at hand to do./ .- fend themselves.1' s N , v k . Bho rose, and stopped ont on' tho- baloony; : : Tbo moon had, mien, and flooded tha abbey > v- gardens with Bilver light. ; Johnson, thohcad gardener, wasr-aaalnan',' , - broad walk. Johnson IV oried Lady Oastlomaino,' ft yon f " told mo that tho true time to sco tbs Am6ricau - -' , Yqooa was by moonlight ; . you maynowshow c it to mo." / Sha rai\ down tbo flight of stops and joinod '< ; : v. tbo gardener,/ who, .respectfully, .stepping; n' .: few paoos bohinfl- hor, indioatefl- the- way- fo : tho -now flower,- which wee that summer his ' ' : ohiof pride. Siok at heart end restk ss. in noul. Lord ' ; Oastlomaino also wont -dowh tbo terracd' 'and ' ; . :.i followed at a diBtanoo. His wifo made him nnepcakably .,misoroblo,. .yct -ho could - not " : ; ondura to havo her ont of bis eight. Tha fact was,: Gsttrado had loved Rudolph ' - -.Oastiemaino with all hor heart, -as -her. first 'lovo; bnt hers Was nntntorcd, -nnfriMvgirrs : - hoart, and though Rudolph bad never; loved - : before, he was older; and Of more settled and" .experienced omolions, dhd his love for his ivifb - - ! -. waa.fsr moro mtensa and deeply roatcd. then -'" .. - hers for him. ' ' .. Lady. Oastiemaino and her gardeer: turned :- " to a narrow path, and came to the Amenoan .Ynooo.':' It gtpw:albne, 'in a smell oirol.O ofll jred. // : " with a oloso out border of tluckly growing ' , artillery plant.- Within this oirclo of. omohy, . flame-flccliod grccu rose the yucca in n basket'- - Qva feet in diameter of widu green leaves licnt .- back one abovo the other, -until their chr.rp pointa touahccl 'tlio, earth from which thoy ; . ' grew. Out of this natural basket oliDt the - abaft of the plant to a height of Gight' fect, :. and tliu obaft for fijllv five feet wan a mass - hif Bnow- whito bloop— great belle, no if carved " of alabaster, tbo lower fiowcr-stoma being longest .and. most heavily ladcu, until the whole was- a pyramid -:of . psarl-wluto: beauty : fioodcd'by .tbo whito light of tho moon.-'. ;. - -"Saw you over tbo. like,- my lady?' cried: tha ceotatic Johnson. . I did not wisbyou to - seo it until ovcry.flowcr bclhwno open, and '. licro it stabda clono under, tbo moon, liko a . great . white ghost, or a- beautiful spirit— a - whito angel of flewers iu tuo midst ot ' thc garden.". : ':! Yon are poetio, Johnson," said . Lady Oaetlemaine. " Eh, my lady ? Well, it ia juet a night to otir.a man's: eoul;. : And,.: my, ladyv .otandiDg ; baok bore as I am, I- cannot toll , you how muoh your lodynlrip ia like llio flower. . In your.tvnito gown, my lady, and witb -your - height, standing there so still,' yon aro. just like tho yncoa, my lady." Thanks. for-, tbo compliment,- Jobneon," . said Lady Castlomaino. ; !' I wonder 1 if, in - ' years to oome, when the yucca blooms. I shall- oome hero to eoo iJ; and you -will sti I tlgnk mo liko tbo flower," "May tbo Lord scad yon -many-- years le ' " oomo into the pardon, my lady. Bat for thin ; yncoa— ht . least, here in Engleud— when it. b-'.s - given-Mla snob perfect bloom aa Uiio; It . -nova;"' ' ' blogmsmin," , , , : A- . . ' "(2b is.-. ibntiiiiiw!, - - i...-. 40H. 