SCOTTSDALE. Last night the Walker family of Bell Ringers gave an entertainment at the Masonic Hall. The house was filled to suffocation every seat lbing occupied long before thhe i ilmencoment of the per formance, while the passages were crowded with improvised seats and persons stand ing. Scores of visitors were turned from the doors unable to gain admittance. From first to aiw the entertainment wasexcel lent, arnd it is dificult to say whether the performances on the bells or the eccentri citiesof Joe Raynor were the nost appre ~iqted. Mr. '.T. Cl. ?Walker plnyed the is Last rose of summer" in excellent style, eliciting rapturous applause, but the chef d'?svre of tile evening was a selection from the Bohemian Girl, "I dreamt that I dwelt in marble balls" by. the Combined Company. The precision and dexterity with which this gifted family handle the bells is simply astounding, and must be the result of natural talent com bined with incessant practiooe, The dancing of Mr, Joo Raynor was loudly applauded, eliciting an encore, which, however, was not accorded. The burlesque portion of the entertainment was of a most amusing character, the sketch entitle4" "The Ghost" causing the audienco simply to roar with laughter. I am glal to say that the Walker Family will pay another visit on Monday next, when they will appear at the Mechanics' Institute. All those who desire to pass an enjoyable evening she1;ld be present. At the MIec?hsic' Institute the attrac tion was the sedbnd of two concerts given in ilid of the Scottsdale Brass Band Fund. The Misses M'Donald, who came all the way from town to. assist, were the main feathlre of the evening. Not possessing the quality of ubiquity, I was unable to be present except at the tail end of the per formance, but the expressions of delight from all quarters showed how the enter tainment was appreciated. To-day we are somewhat restored to our normal condition after the excitement of the agricultural show and its accom panying gaieties. On the Show Ground Mr. Westbrook held a sale of horses, cattle, sheep, and agricultural implements. Cattle and sheep fetched high prices all round, b.lt horses were a drug in the market, many of the lote brought to the hammer being with drawn. The farm at Masonville lately occupied by Mr. Camm, and consisting of 146 acres, was knocked down to Mr. Pinner at £5 7s Gd per acre. At the show yeOtaoday the Walker Family Iland performed selections during the day, greatly enlivening the pro ceedings. It was a treat to hear such really excellent music, Yesterday at the Polico Court, John M. Lord, proprietor of the Commercial HIotel, was fined 103, without costs, for allowing a lottery to be advertised to take place at his hotel on the l4?ll inst. The lottery was on tie Art Union principle. Mr. Lord, in defence, stated that he had been used to have a similar affair every year in Vic toria, and was not aware of the provisions of the Licensing Act in this colony, but that as soon as he received the summons lie cused all tickets to be destroyed and all moneys returned. Under the circum. stances the Bench decided to inflict a nominal penalty only. Gordon Stuart, contractor, of Scotts dale, was summoned by John Griffiths, labourer, for trespass. Mr. Morton, solicitor, appeared for the prosecutor, and after examining four witnesses elicited the fact that tile defendant had crossed a yard at the back of the pro mises and delivered a letter-neither the fact of the delivery of the said letter, nor its authenticity being for a moment disputed. The Bench stigmatised the letter as highly improper. The defendant I stated that the lotter was written for the purpose of getting the complainant's family removed from the premises, as they Swere the source of great annoyaice to some of the residents, wv-oeo cnaradtor were not sfoe from the 'slahndoes e' the 1 female portio'u of the said famlily. 'Indeed. Sone famil hild h~ad to removn from their home in consequence. Several of tho olad ing inhabitants were voluntarily present to testify to the high character of the do fondant, but they were not needed, the magistrato stating that there was no imputation whatever nas to his reputation. A penalty of 10s was inflicted, with .L1 15s 6d costs, a result that took everybody by surprise. Noticing that some correspondent was good enough to find fault with my state ment that the license was granted to the Coffee Palace on account of its superior accommodation, I ha-e made every inquiry and find that he and I are both correct. I should have said for the superiority of the building and the accommodation. While on this subject, I may mention that through the courtesy of the proprietor I was shown over the building,which is really well worth a visit. The hotel is situatedat the corner of a lano running at right angles to the Bridport-road, the principal frontage being on the latter. The total frontage is 152ft., and the position is within a very short walk of the coach office. The building is two storeyed, and contains upwards of 30 rooms. On the ground floor are the bar and two parlours, commercial, billiard and dining rooms, a very spacious one, as also a private sitting-room and bed-room, and a small room or suggery, devoted to such as have business or correspondence to carry on; besides these are the usual domestic offices and kitchen, etc., etc. On the first floor are drawing- room, bath-room, and 10 bedrooms, besides a good balcony with seats for such as desire to be out of doors. All the furniture and appointments are of a first-class order, and it is very certain that visitors who patronise the establish ment will have no reason to regret doing The weather, which has been intensely hot, has at hast girn place to a good steady downpour of rain, which has refreshed the crops, and rendered the air deliciously cool. Dec. 18. 