novelist. HE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE 1VOBLD. • CHAITEK IV.—(Continued), -j-c-fr By GSOSVBKOB BU2TSTEK. n0£ course I no." jib retorted, jeeringly. "Think 1 don't know joo, sir, bey ? Better elieva 100! What! Would yer ? ' \Vit'> thi= he raised l«s left- hand, to ward., f the blow fhnac'-il I was abontto strike • m I conr.tcrca. and hit him.under his c- wj'tii a-'trongtb ttiai teuif liltedhimoBthe ouad o f lv to ucinsit ton on hia back upon e emvelled patbwav. My father, among tlier waiters, hail taught me boxing, and in y ewe thresh life1 have found it a very icM aooompbshm.-:.;, no'-'evc this i.eivy youth was no cur. .> gat up- and ahspen'.' ma clumsy-sort of -sbion. bat With cueh energy .that he split; tigb' A®"? jaciiet up the back. He was o match for m?, no that m the course of five inutes I had given bun a beautiful pair of Isck C76S and a tap upon his snub nose,, liich did him more good in the direction of .. hle'uotoaiy than any surgeon's skill could avo accomplished with lancet or cupping " That's enough,'' said he, dolefully, as the tal eireatned from his nose. "My word! ft a precious shirt.. Won't I get it from "Ob;* no. rather not 1 " And' won't i get pison. I shouldn't say so. Well, d ray jacliet busted. Good-bye, Baraaby, boy. You're to let.. Tenders invited, s why? You're as-good as sacked. :mous I (Here's the missus," with which he link into tiie shaaow of the wall. But not elore the lynx oye of my worthy aunt had,. mi him. She called him,-in a peremptory inner, aad he obeyed. 1 A ahont of laughter ang (rom my lips as I beheld him shading; swards the good ladv; hia anwholegoms, vlooliaq face besmeared Willi blood,- hia -feet Fplit from " stem to stern," iis long d crooked legs at laEt a foot too far through istrousers. He lookedlike a dissipated and unapedgraesliopper, arraigned before a court His kind. .•-...•.. _ ., i say that horror and .indignation were nately reflected on my aunt's oonn- "sneais to «ay nothing/ The impreasuon luoh her looks, her attitude, her- fiied etare tBsraaby conveyed to ma, was, that she is in evident doubt'as.-to whether she -was •s the victim i>r some • optical lllasion. omlleas, she considered whether it was really oisibln that any person oonld have so ont- •giltne sacred oharaotei'. of her domain aa e one of her servante. Slowly-her •ned from Bamaby's battered face to It was smiling and genial. . .1 inched, Soiled my cap, sad bowed io the "lam distressed, Madam,":said X, "that, og to vocr servant's insolence, -I have ~ compslied to chastise !nm." • ''Then you—you, sir, have been guilty of u outrage?" Iiasitoi saa Bhroggcfl ay shonWerB, ana t this moment my father, accompanied by a. rl. lat. heovy-lookinggentlemaaiQ clerical A.iomedmv aunfc on the balcony.- . . '"What « the matter,' my: dear Ellen ?r w fln heavy cleric, whom .1 at' once EOtiMasthe Eav. Mr.jPorter.' ''Mailed" exclaimed the ladv. "Matter, ongh.- A precious youth this son o£ yours, other. Look at my page, Barnaby.'.'.; .,: "i latlicr did so, and'burst into a fit of Iter. Kor was the-Reverend Mr. Porter mpreasea by the ludicrous aspect of shiS" % vho. in gooS. truth, looked, tos: ollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapi- M garments, verv much like e deEeatedand oralieed dunghill rooster. To eay that- the lady was diegnEted iS'tO: ylittlo. She oast an indignant, glanoe^i r hnsband, and then, mnttering some ark under her breath, stalked away. Mr, otter tola Bamaby to go to his room, and sh]his he?, and I joined m father, '•Well,mast"r Jack," eaiahe£-"thia;*sori". won't do. Yoniar^reaajtJn.-eaae with your aunt" >™ very eorry." .1 sir, the fellow flmestramp^oa^t • lUef ' m, 1 mterrupteflthe leverendM. _ .mphMiB "J cannot Warns ei mm right Tbe fa=t i8, my "wife spoils! t.lont t:loot ay and A between 1 ouraelves: ' iZ .'I'mfnot' -Tt^r _ -'V. thatmastc-r reipegrace here, -has tanght ^ataon. There goes ihe.lnncheoh;belL'.'i ™«,.he led theway, while my ,; 'i&tber;: . ?n>y ear, iphjapered to me that.M not augry, but on:ihaxdanfeaty^Steaiea;; e P'"t I had shown. And as his -good 1 "was all I cared for, I sat down id in a very happy frame of mind ® my usual audacify I joined reaSily » conversation which was -somewhat .J ® at " e d on by the seniors at the table MireseeJ myself to my cousins'with >oasy parity, and m s ^ no^eBse r,meaeSi thia course by the efforts they mdde io' vi J ' • % aant preeerved .the most: m demeanour towards me This "however' eot t0 notlce f Indeed,Xafforfept-: Sl® leSB «e to wnoiafcewnteiMtttoaBi Vof 6dd MSmi! ani every oppor i? achioken. Mrs Porter"stared, my' Pmnea, the good Mr JPorter lookej frightened and the gula glanced appro hsnsively at their mother She High Church butier however, tamed aside to hide & smile.,- My tactics wore evidently to his taste, t "tI call it a garden, little boy, because it is : a^garden 3 - at length answered my aunt. * laughed. " A garden 1' I eohoed. " I counted seven daisies, all ot which v/eie in articulomortis, a . -debilitated vrillow tree, and a dozen or so of -demorahsedtookingiiwall- flowers. A garden, aunt!" .. .. ";Sou are impertment. little boy," said my Mint with some irritation; : jpresnme thai . ..we ..tnay-,-expect: tofind •.•oursdves and-.our sWhole surronndingsaubject to .yourcritieism;' 1 " Nay," I answAed deprecatingly, "Z did not mean to offend you aunt 'l -waa «boui %o jrcpDBB that you should permit "ane tr improve your garden, JPhesoil is good, and although 'Utile or no ^un reaches it, I do Atprat^o catch ^^aokeiel'^umbledih?".; lady. " tye 'fhall «Ba -whether -deedfl-afollow' ffineipromiseS:^IeanwhUe;0ittleiboy!>2'Shavi; ;not-!orgiven^ourJ<H-iyonr;<acsault»iion'-my page'' „ I was jealous of hipfav.or with yon annt.'' 4 answered demurely. She could»not help Joining with tho others in the laugh which followed; and m this humor left ns. i "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay onr visit to Dr Wnnckle. If:we reach, the school by four o'clock we shall find him disengaged. • . Tms we did; Having seen the Cathedra' and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation thereon, .we repaired to Dr. SVnnokle, whom wi foimd a meek and crushed out sort of- little gentleman with a -kindly face andjiervoto manner— one of those ?men; who, .havsnp married a stronger - '.nature," - • at ftnou yield up all personality into her hands.:. . '?. My.boy." said'my father," it ;.strikes m< that the grey mare us the better horse. . Ai i the same time, there is no question which i . ; the more worthy. I like the Doctor. H^ comes with as to-night." CHAPJEBV. A LITILE DINNER. tf. " •'• The two gentlemen now aeeompanied w. for a walk-through the principal streets-of' the town, in the course of which we were introduced to-fieveral other cleriaal gentlemen, all more or less of the -type -of the-BaverecS Doctor Porter or the Sevorend Doctor Wrmckle, Any body who may have resided • in a Cathedral town m England .-wiH remember these types, and will, I am sure, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description o( these -representatives- Clerical life in eocn towns has been ably dealt with by the late Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic ol EnglieU life, and is: seen nowhere else than in Cathedral cities. And it. bears with it'that souBd, perfumed spirit of conservatism,and -dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save m the Church of England. The parsons; of this church may be prejudiced, proud,-and narrow of thought, and. aristocratic m fceir political opinions, but they are essentially gentler men. At least this is my conclusion ,-and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. . The doctors too, accompanied ns .. to tne 0mld Hall, over which ancient building we 'were shown by the Town Clerk, a gentlem&n.; by the way, who died not many months ago at -Ballarat. And-presently we returned <to Dr. Porter's residence, where we partook -of soma slight refreshment, and-wherer-I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the-page, had been put to bed, and that leeches had been applied to his swollen optics. /" Which I will" say. ; sir;'?.remarked thr-' butler " they are orlnl, -iThe ladies :in 4hf kitchen, air, are delighted. For if-ever therf was a pup as needed kickia', taat there Banaby's one. But -sir, 'bless yer,-'tis.asmuclas oBr places js .worth to say a word agin him ; -Missus is so took up with -the. hugly himp." • • I • -' ".;;• •. ,. It will be seen by the reader that I ha' 1 created Borne interestna the mmdo of thosr with whom I had oome mto oontact. And this was what I desired.'. Jwconldaiever bear to remain in the background. " My nolicv haever been to push myself to .the front, as i believe I shall .show vin. the course of thi> narrative. . .. ... .,. , ^ ..,, ,, Bidding Dr.PorterJarewell for the.preseni; Dr. Wrmckle and father and myself-ief' the house, and walked down the high .street: Here;theDootor parted with us. - "3Tou will be prompt to half-past six • Doctor?" said my father. "E«member, ni apology can excuse.a man whokeepsa 4mner : waiting."... "True, true. I shall be there to Hi minute,; Captain,',' and then the little ma; walked off,-muttering asides by the dozen. : "A deoent little gentleman, Jack," said m> father. "What a pity.sone.cannot saysa 1 much of the gentlewoman,-hie wife; ! ' : "Sheis an ogre." l oried.- "And did you see her moustache, sir 1" "3?aith I did, Jack; there was no need lor a microscope to do that:" -TnenTie Tane the bell, and. summoned the landlord, Mr. Bccker. Mr; Becker was the very type of an English boniiace of olden -.days." "His .countenance. beamed with the spirit of .hospitality. He 1 was stout and hearty, and red of -Jace, and ot husky voice He looked as though he had been snolded.Dpon rare wines-anct'fea nponro&at; T)eef from his very adTCnt : mto thia: world. He listened to my.father'smetractions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. WrinoHe—an excellent and most learned; gentleman—yourself, sir, and your son. At half-past six o'-clocl,. You may rely upon me, eir," and with a bow and a flourish he loft us in order to 'personally .superintend the preparation of the feast At six o'clock precisely came the doctor, scrupulously attired m solemn Tilack, and; J looking, lor aU^the world, like a mummy dressed for a -funeral. But he was in High, spirits. Indeed, he-conveyed the"impreSBjon that he Jiad beeniet ^iis joyniun. Has-* ^ Jiagnl -miles. He] • - ihat dinner was served, and We all sat'downto-a poEitive work«if-.ari. A ditto it oysters preceded the-feasts Then came jSIeB* -soup,followed by some delicious soles Itewedeels t! SaSs wlchmn^ffcanw next-with a couple ot tasly entrees Some snipe served on least,-some capital sweets, to which, -w;th a youngster's -palate for suoh matters, I paia particular attention These cood things with a noble dessert made np a very tolerable dinner I do .sot $inow what the J)octor4houj»htiof ihematter, tut 1 «er tamly udged rom the expression of Hi- laoe that he was at once delighted nd^tonished An after acquaintance w th the"domestic economy cl Iub ^oueehoia explained tejm^ thai our little:dmnermustlayfii)j!ena revela^ tionto^iim " ' ' Well' said he Doctor, apiesat back'in his hair, and surrepti^iou^y T loO ened three buttons oilii waistcoat J^mustjoerttfrnly -say my dear Captain Abherton, thaiyourios ^itaUtySfe o^erp wejMjJ A •M brandy for leroes He eniphat-c prr?ora^e truiy'! m ^ u m ^ e h e M i m>e of him, im toady, Boswell Doctor, as he drank off another bumper.' "Boswell'i^itile-tattle lamoet flntertaming.' andthBlittle gentlemen icoutteonsly iiccsptel the offer. Sever, J flunk, shall I forget that' wrinkled Countenance As its owner cautiously^ plaoedian ohve in his -moutli. ; Ho pocliered up his eyes,.twisted»his.hpB,:and,expressed mi his lace the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, le bolted that which he had placed in frs mouth, = " Ahem I "-saidie," really, now, that was' an olive, I have tread of ihem in Varg 1, but positivelyneverhavelhef :^at/liow.Cflptain,siiiaj' oretaeteQ-ofthembB:yonr jciea of the flavor"*' " •"-WeU,"3auf!be_a my^ather " If the truth imust'he5told;^hejm^)rcsaonr0onveyecl^osme ! when'I'firijt-ate an olive -was that 4he fruit bad beenipreseryedin what«ail6i« c>U "ijige 'water.U But -olivBSi^avor --- one's ^awine' im —i 1 liiey "-n'OwF 5 aobiously. i'Humph 1 1-thmk ihaH iintoitheiclarefcagain, :jHe'was-SD'tisimplfi^EO innocent in Mb ways {hat really it was iro ; >jjossible.toioheokr*he ^mpal8e:ioMrienS0ig ,' towaids him And, preeenpy, as the wme mounted into his head he displayed festive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang us a -seng, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Cbloe and Stephron, Bnd so on, with many remarkable.trills and. quavenngs. He •told uS Eome little stories :ot bis early college days, ; when;he was '-'a .naughty boy, <sirj and' 1 B. sad,°'3'onng J 'dog.' ; lB a: word, -he made himself very agreeable, and my lather, whose spirits were of- that elastic. kind. which is proof against, dullness, surprised even: nie by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble eongs, with a deep,- bsritone voice that rang and-echoed.through^he long room, and;: brought toithe-door an admiring-audieneeiof wai ters and chambermaids. •; " Now, Jack;" said ho, as he. finished • The. Old' Temerairei'i Come; :boy.': let us -have- -•your': song. .Smg :iis one of ihe dittoes Monsieur Tondeur taught you,'.' and . he winked knowingly. Wothing loth,! burat.forth with Beran^sr's "Ze Vm el la Coquette," singing the ditty -with spirit ^and' emphasis, s: .The Dootor's; face was a study, - "Bless mv^onll'-'fhesnid, presently, tnming to my father,-whose eyes were, dancing, 1 and- wboss hps trembled • from : suppressed.' TQitth. /•«• Where . did the lad learn suoh ai •song. -. Frenohstoo. Well I'm runty as vto French—but still, humph;" and he shook his head ' and drank , off another glass of claret. : •" : : My father laughed • aloud. " A young scamp; eh-I .XflOtor,V.iie'.cri6d. ""Sou. must teaoh him-to forget-his Bohemian education.! Tm-afraid:-that:I have sadly neglected: him."/ '.'Nay, nay,"flaid-the Djctor, gravely, hold-; ing up one hand m deprceetion. " I do not: tbmk that > The lad, is' clever, no doubt,:and las Rioted-up many matters-which -perhaps it would -have been well he should not have: learned, ^ut serious studv will soon:,baniBh; these toys of- fancyv ' and 'Kgam the-Doctor paid coart to the ciaret. ,;.Hc had.passed from the -first to the esoocd stage,-and was now as solemn and didactio as; a fewmoments before, lis'had:'been-hyely.aad':volfttileif...••.• It was now nigh upon.ten o'clock, and the Doctor protested that he mast return. • "A marriediman,.Bir,"ie«aid,'.with something vfryiike a hicoough. . '.' Imust .keep good 'hours.- Bless me—what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to • inform :me—inform me^rhow many there are of yon;" snd.he gazed pitioUBly at my father, woo burst into laughter. At this moment, .the floor, was opened sudderily, and Mrs;:-Wrmckle entered the'room with the, stride of a-.grenadier. . Without noijcmg my'father, she approached her husband and .seized his collar. ; :'lProtty-goings>on;?tr!ily,"-Bhe said, " ten o'clcek and not abed yet,'! and-she tugged ather husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had'aroused within him that species, of valour which is known as" Dutch couraire. He strugjjlcd to his feet. " Madam," said- he, ^ what" means i.thiar unseemly conduit ? . Are you aware who I am, who I am '" "Gome aionp," said the lady, -"who 1 you; are, you pitiful, -little; dried up,-sapless* bm>; leeque upon a man-' I should tliitik l-clid. . Good mght gentlemen. Tour hospitality has been too. mnch; for>• this jioor creature,"!.and: with these words ehe gave a .sudden tug and ' the little Dootor. disappeared with hisKcaptor* .through the uoor.- Myi father -shook . with ; laughter. " There, Jack, 15 said he, " there yon behold an illustration o' the influence of lovely woman.'. X do not think that; your mamma: oouldhave distinguished herself sd graphically. Bat come boy. get to bed.- -Xou mnst fiee me o£r to-morrow-morning. ' ,'We vBhall. not :;«ee.' each other :for Eome time to come. 'after we staxtlor the ether end of -the world,"" and he. ; drewme towards him and iissed- my oheek. : My benrt was too full to answer bim. When I got to my roomT threw .myself upon the' bed and wept bitterly. A sense ol loneliness'^ and desolation seized ujion me; I felt for the Cist time inlay h'e, the utter misery of vne who was about to patt "Witu hw true friend. I cried myself to ?leep. : In the morning,when I - awoke, my father -was standing by my bed His eves full of- -tenderness and "solicitation' met'r.-minevfce; smiled Come Jack," he cried, "up with yon; 3 have ohly.iHihourifor breakfastandtoieaohi thetoin. While you dress I'll have a 3itte : talk with yen • I jamred up and cegan to d ess hastily, Meanwhile-my Jether briefly Mstructed .me; that I yras to write to him -at least once a; month He gave me twenty pounds. " Of course Jack," -he said, " you need oof dissipate -this 1 "" "" ~ heed a little areBoirieyo: f ahriul ii'Mbit If rrntaim .1 look tellslKat the mfinence^f all-exterior s matters-are unlelt 'He'was very .grave'dpring ! breakfast, and aa<d-,but little more as we •drove to the station And then, ^merely; repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me, and -we parted Blind Tvitb the tears I in vain sought io control, I-mads my »y back to the hotel,; and there, setting my traps together, drove; to ati Porter's habitation If itB gloom had oppressed Tne the day before, I felt its': .influence tenfold to-day A £hudder JhriUed| me asXwalked ftp thB.dampjiteps ...and ran^; -the hell The High Church -bptler admitted jae with a deferential how Ja him I had certainly found an ally -CHAPTER TI. B«ceived-wilfc formal cordiality by my auntanftfer-iara fy l atjdoten!to4he' l break fast TV icb ibey wer» careful ^o jniorm me SthSvaiat'SiJavcd up n my acoount After this I wa shown io -asv xpom, a ghostly ffipSrtmeht i^rly fur"it1>ed, bowevEr, and looking fit uponihe Cathedral yard Itflps nowjiinejololoclsrjrad il'lhastenedpo "tilt dutir- of which i _ ^^e'rrf "h® 'Zo^'rTspecT'm^my m ^ j n ^ n u e ments. He told me that I must commence forthwith the study of the classics, concerning the value of which he was most enthusi j fistic, " The modern languages my dear boy,".; faid Tie, " come afterwards The basis of an elegent education are the classios. Aa for, French, he added, with a faint emiie,' " i : am a'raid you know moie than J. can teach: you " ' i With this he handed me my books and con t ductcd me to my class desk at the lower eni of the large hall which served for the school-; aroom. I was mortifisd to -find'thatmyiclass-; mates were insll cases my enpenors,4and deter-: mined to domy utmost to acquire thejposition-: held for the most pari by those ot ray own age Filled with this resolution,"! corqqered my-ounosstj^n respect iomy.?sohoolrlell0W9;-' and set to work with a will to ^master the initiative steps ot Cffi'afVT Ggmmentanes, Jly m§mbrj was exoellent, anplaa I possessed (and sfiffpossass} i-sjijieriSftaculty for conioentratinaanyaihoughtapdifeneltgiBSBpon'anys .. " V iv,hu:n 1 ito'-^au hfind. -i cflled-jup' "^Che^Docffii'wa'S vcf' ^ ""I see, I see," .s&id-he;, <f yon and I will •get •ilongt o^ether," and^ne"pBttedmy head. At twelve-o'clock the -work -seared for twos hours "and we we wore released. With a rush the boys pasaed . iiito the play-graund: whither I followed them I was instantly surrounded, " How old are yon, yohel," asked a big hulk-, ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy ; .?-' What's,you dad gmger;",inquired another - referring to the auburn tint of my hsir Let ns cob him. Pine or oob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up ae halt a dozen -of the bigger boys-seized me. ECd threw :me:«n the pround _ '-' Now new boy, said the big fellowto whom I have referred, as he proceeded, m oommon with others to tie hard notfl m hie handkerchief. ," It is the custom of this school to initiate every comer into - the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. You have tho option of buying ofl, "you know," and-he stood - over. me ready to strike. I was iunou<<, and setting.my teeth'swore that I would have-a mighty revenge. " Turn him oniiis face ladsj'Lcried the big fellow, and m a trice-1-was set with my faoe : to the gravel. Then at a given; signal, each boy struck msfwith his pocket handkerohief, chanting the while.' '.' New boy; new boy; why has he come to us ? Cob him, cob him; pugms ct 'calcibus. So he'll learn, eo he'll learn <Locendo dccimm \ Bet him know, that we rule, pmpna iutr mari- ~ ita, -. It was with the greatest difficulty that-i .controlled my-ones; for the pain was intense. At Iast,:however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I ; leaped to -my feet,, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in-my torture,, and struokium with my best strength straight between the eyes; For my age, I -.was very powerful and m this case rage and pam lent; mo added force.' The baliy.Sropped span the. ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I a« I h'ushed the dust from my clothing, " you fellows have got hold of; the, wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a montn is out," and! with this I walked oil. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and ; was'.bemg supported into the house hy some' of his comrades " Wfill Master Ahberton;" said the Beverend Mr, Porter aa'ps sat down-to iJuncheon, "and how did you gGt on to-day. . v .., " Very fairly," lanswered; as I disposed of a.slice;cf ham. "Sir,.1 had to thrash one bully, and; 1 suppoEe will have to deal with the lot." - • . ••• -••-' My aunt looked at me, sghsst. : "I'm afraid little boy (sheused this-phrase to take me down a peg.) that your disposition for-fighting will bring you into trouble You had not been m Bxetcr an honr ere you ilaokened.Barnaby!s eyeg, so that.,he. is now; unpresentable." "I fancy," said ,1, " that my friend . the bully ib ma, similar fix by thia time. The fact is madam, I do not xhoose to be insulted or imposed upon " "In your journey through life," lemarked the reverend 'Mr.' Porter," Eentoitioualy, you will find, I Ihink, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions, v y '•I don't think I ana 1 !," I answered,- ." unless indeed Jt should be expedien t to.do so. May X trouble you for another slice, of ham." :.; ,I'.saw.4he girls glance at fiftcli otherj'.fos--the reverend'Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at me, proceeded to cut me a minute slice of ham. '"Thanks" ®ai4 I, " another ilice please. School work makes a fellow hungry' The ghost of a grave Bmile:wa8; io be seen ; for amoment njton the High Church butler's countenance* as he handed me my plate,; and : •I .was not displeased to -note that Lilian -the youngest and fairest ol my cou«ins, was entertained by my cool and sadaeionsmanner.; As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. "X was thinking, little boy;" she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are, wonderfully impudent." "Toil are light, madam," I answered;, " though why the thought.Bhouldliavecaused you fo stare ?o at me, X db not understand.^ "Then you have less wit than I give you •creditior," sherephed. " Possibly, madam," was my answer, " I doubt .not however,sfthat my nesiaence lere will flerve to sharpen "t But as to yonr; judicious observation concerning the impudence of the modem boy, I quite agree with; you. Se Is an audacious young cub,; But have you not* considered, my, dear lady, ihat the cause of-,Jiis impudence! may he traced to hisaitaral rebelhoragainBt; the ^tyranny ofliis eldersr Positivelyit Is -so i The moaern hoy-objects to-be^nnbhed -in: yiaea-nfihe"! !fflE«OTterjsfacSr tbiB Iittll'iadress. -'Always aspect,lisps||gmewi?i« bewilderment "and coMter-. -of its owner. He set down his knife and fork and&azea-at; me' As for my aunt, her frown grew darkertsshe sharply jejoined, "YoUitalk too mucbf Sir, -ior a liitle toy Children should listen, not speak " ""Par, 1 ' J laughed, " my tongue must wag," And! suppose, aunt, that I^am an ttnpndent! fellow. The Spanish sayings doubtless ap ' plies to me: "Poca%aTba yoea mrautiiza,~" and I drankmy small beer -with an aw "And-what may thai; mean ybung Sir," said my reverend" host, at last finding his little beard little shame," I laughed, as J .glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were dancing " Then,"-said my sunt, venomously, -the •sooner jour heard .grows the -belter ior your; modesty' And with this Parthian ahot she, arose I .flew Jo the door, opened it, and -she-passed ut bowed "to the .ground Itwae evident that onr relations were carcdy of a peaceful -character -r When she had gone wnn ier brood the reverend Mr Porter flailed me to him j "Have a'glass ol wme my hoy ' said he i like you -none the lee Ior your ce? and the Reverend €&tleman; '- 1 •T-oJteHyouthetfruih added, lib o ever * 14P»ffiBiiStia|gef ilnhe/'house'-ap ^ay,- tthe<act ismy wifeSs'a 1 Jnahort tton'tlike ^er id ffttlm _ i 