. THEATRE ROYAL. Less-e, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting U imager dr. Hnrwoud-. Final Retirejievt of Mr. J. C. Lambert. When he will mnkc iiis lust appearance on any stage for ever. Those fr ends who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Mr. Lambert, ; This Evening. Thursday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will commence with the. 2nd Act of Briosley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. . I. O Lambert Characters by the Company. To be fodowed by tbe 1st Act -of , Bulwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." - 1 \- . Sir, John Vesey - - Mr. J. C. Lambert . (bis last appearance in that character for over). Alfred Evelyn . - > Mr. William Levey Sir Freneriek Blount - ' Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout , - - - Mr, Charles Warner Other Characters by the Amateurs. Trio— ' Hark I the Lnrk at Heaven's Got-.: . Sings"— Mr R. Stewart and Misses Docy and Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Scene) from Sheridan's Com- dy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J, 6. Lambert (the last character lie will ever act on any.Stage), : Joseph-Surface - iir. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Faroe ontitle'd " "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood and Company. Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then lend the confess ion of his fanlts and bid his friends a final adieu Doors open at 7. Commence at 8 preci.ely. : PRICES AS USUAL. The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine, for ever, to cross the footlights and live in .your world. It is very much the UUBVUUI uu uuutvoiuuo » iicu jjeupie are going out of the world to make a full . . confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since ; I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission' these two and 1 forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, dud admit I' have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac- knowledgeto have murdered several- parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the -.shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, _ Congreve, Otway, Massinger,- Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." 1 "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and daughters by. scores if not huu- ; dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, "I have- treated .with, great cruelty, turning thein out of doors to beg or starve, cuttiug thein oil' with a shilling, forcingthein into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." " In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind i should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "T have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friunds, some very incorrigible scoun drels ; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, I may here remark, that in respect to social position, my. friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their : dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied, my self the common and . most absolute necessaries ; at others felt myself prompted by generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away, largo sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els,' and even crowns and kingdoms." "T confess, however,' tliese ...gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand. nnd that undeserv ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality. " "Like all other, members of my profession, I have lived a double life, and itis only'in one of mine, the great crimes i have enumerated and ac knowledged havebeen committed. My serious; vices,. I trust, have all been committed tliis side of tlie footlights." ' " But'in'tlie world where in future I am going to dwell, , I ;trust you will credit me with havihgdone my duty a.sa good- citizen; and that when in a few . days I step on board the vessel which will -bear me from, this bright and beautiful country, I shall carry with me vour good- wishes and your :kin'dlyresteem." : .'i Permit me' a 'parting word about my brother managers, w:th whom for tlie'last twelve months I have been intimatelyassociated. ' Inevertliought to have drifted intomanagementagain, but there were such pressing reasons why. this. fiue theatre should not be allowed to lose rrestige, and why it .'.should not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships . by which its affairs "have been lately administered." '"I appeal"' to you to "say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether .we 'have not fulfilled the promises made at the beginuiug of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, I can but think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc tliink at this.momenb that. the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly fit teen years ago. Let me ask you to coutinue your support to the mana gerial firm' as it now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, i am sure, greatly respected." (To be Continued J. 