A:K?? Peeress in Her Own Right; OB' O E,::O EOF THE OLD SCHOOL.. OA CHAPTER XXIT.-Continued. :i! Oh, of. course; .but the late pro i:posal~? Aa ! your blushes eioquently speak, Countess, as the poet says. Well, well, I do not press the delicate topic j. pnly I don't care if all the:world Sknow that I choose forn my heir the ::thio~ soi of a certain marchioness that iS to be. The elder, ofecourse, inherits ,iiiBsgrandfather's, the Duke's title and fortune; and, for the second, the Tremaine titles and estates ought to content any reasonable ambition; but the third- my boy, Countess-Abra ham Smith, if I may venture to christen him beforehand.' Elizabeth was at a loss whether to frown or to smile. She instinctively Sdid somethigh between. This absurdity was too pitiable and humiliating to be heartily laughed at. She told her . friend that she had lost the.expected cstomei' for the trinkets. A hitch seemed to have, taken place between Sir Abraham and the Ba'dersey family, after the matfimo9ial negotiation htd b.:een, by fashionablle repoit, all brit concludeid4 '. - I think somrn mmber of ihe.family im .nust have let him see rather openly that they despised him, and worthy Sir Abraham does not want pride of any kind savethe true kind. But my Irish letters ?' ::'.Gloomy enough,' answered 'the <Qtiakeress. 'Insurrlection,: or what . ?t~l~r_?~j.t ? all around. And these ?7mp "all etefo! ople, strongly excited by kindred suffering, ,seem ever to blaze .tp together? ' Like fire to heather set.'.. Your agent's letters are, indeed, quite flosponding.' : ' I am going to Ireland---will you ? But I don't aslk it.: Somei of your pupils, my imaiddens, 1 will take with me--as many as volunteer; and Maud, poor child ! The excursion will benefit us all. They say my pretty cottage is destroyed; bit we could pitch a tent im the very miist of them, as Idid wi-tile it was building, and fird in every 2-rman a defender. Would not that be a '>bettei" way of conquering the insur genots, think you, than going among •them with soldiers and constables ?' 'I will not counsel this, but I will follow whithersoever thy str;ong faith leads thee. No one believes, that the omtrag6s on your? new and modest dwelling?have been committed by per sots near the place. In short, all is doubt and mystery, as is ever the : case in ev?erything Irish. Buit iead form thyself. - M: ' My reatling shall not alter myr reso lution,' said the Countess. !I have 15ut to provide .for my young fiends here till the· periqd of their apprentice siips or studies. shall be terniinated, and for their fAir start in life , after vhich, towards them, my dutSy closes my affection never will teiminaite. :'Some of these girls. are dear to me as younber'sisters. Had Heaven decreed, that I? lishold remiin a single woman, by sending no 'William Dunsniore into .the:woild, then I can conceive of.:no life so happy or respectable as to con :itiuue he?e. :But I have dropped.a fenv good seds ini favourable ground, others ~may yet :continU'e the successive har iests, and reap abunidantly.r' And now, to fr esli fields. The Countess:made her arranigemnents a'd preparati6ois -ivith hri wonted promuptitudeor0 vehemence, where :her heairt was interested. Hei jewels were d "isjosed of iex?t;~ta d aid ?: le price placed at lhe-~,isposal of her fieind andil Doctor- Jobsonf- o the use of her nupils. *.»; The firewell ..was affecting, almost' ^B'oleina hiicth she took of hieryoung sisters, as she affoctionately namlied.the .:gitls shoe halabpfriended. . . Her sweet and amiable sisteis, whose society had .been so sustaining, so de 'itghtful to her,whoso6evll-doing would 3 the cause: of such joy and pride !' 4id as she lissed each weeping girl, S: said,:' Let us; never forget the itions bf our sisterhood. They . *." : *^'ily ' "such"'* as *will beneficially our .virtues and affections '.r orphanage less desboate, and ee, if such be our choidce or oir 'itary,' selfish aridldull;': Slizabeth hi.sd imerited solace and reriard by her manifold exertions to promote the hapliness of others on this day; and;! they 'awaited her to fulness on returniig to Loiidon i on the dve of her journey to the :dis t;urlbed ioivinces in Irelaind. .'Letters from William!-and he's coming,' she cried, runningbreathlessly, into her friend's apartment, 'in three mnouths-perhaps less--by the packet after next ! Bcfore I can be back from Ireland! But you shall have:thein- haive the journal, I mea. ': O'it6's'is not an nar for' a love tale.' Hld has been in Aust·ria, Turkey, Italy, and Greece' since we heard of him. last:. What journeying ! 'Many letters must : be either lost or delayed.'' Thno Quakeress, who ~nd gone early to bed oil prospect of her. Irish journey, sat up, mingled adoratioi with thanks giving, while -grateful tears filled her eyes. 'I will not cougratulate thee, dearest one,' she said. ' Thy present rapturous: feelings are happiness enough; but I will pray Heaiven to strengthen, thee more and more f r fuiture good works; They bring their own blessing.' It was in light and refreshed, if not gay, spirits that Elizabeth set out with her household for Ireland. The letters received at Dublin con veyed no tidings to damp the courage of the Countess, though she was. rather pleased when 'she succeeded in per' suading Doctor Jobson to remain there about' some antiquarian piece of learned research in Dublin for a few weeks. The next morning, as they neared Donegal, the "Countess begged tm be allowed to ride outside the coach which conveyed them the last fifty miles of their journey.' Elizabeth was quite familiar wvith the landmarks. At the inns in the few places they passed through the accounts of the state of the country were contradictory and doubtful; and for the few news papers found at these hostelries, Eliza beth needed only.to look to their titles to know the credence due to their varying reports. She saw they were reaching a critical turn of the road; but she would not de prive her Irish maid, Marcella, of the rapture of surprise. It was remarked by her companions that blarcella, who had long laboured hard and successfully to exterminate her brogue, now exclaimed, ' 'he say the say! the Lodge! the boys! Och, mi lady.!' And she sobbed and wept, and hugged little Maud, who sat next her. The Lodge stood there, sure enough, its .chimneys--' those windpipes of good hospitality '--sending their light turf smoke to heaven. If the sward of the lawn had ever .been damaged, it was smooth, and trim, and green as emerald now ; and the boys, their joyous hurraha sunk into respectful silence as the earriages approached, and twenty young fellows b''unded forward to hold wider the open ate--a silence which enabled the Quakeress to overhear· the whis pered,' It's my Lady Countess herself, it is!' .:Faith and:.it is, and the little Marcella. I kuowed.the black rogue eyes of her, big as she'd grew. And my lady has made a'first-rate: gentlewoman of her, poor colleen! bringing her home in her own coach; and is she going to be a tyrant, like the ould one, to the poor dacent oreatiuies bori' and bred on her lands? Nev' er a bope of myself will believe it, Terry ! 'Hurrah, then!' shouted the other. 'She is past n6w.: Long life and glory to her, and a good husband ! And so I may let go inmy manners. Hurrah, boys?!' - :. -.,:. .:-;. And the cheering became general and loud. ... 'Faix,.if she does ?ot get the ten thousand welcomes; Slieve Vananu, there, is a big liar, for. he is repeatirig them too !'. ; -All the mountain echoes 'Cere indeed repeating the welcomes as Elizabeth, unable to conceal her glad weeping, was respectfully heanded into the house by her Scotch agent, and left alone with him.. .. . ' Itseems to me.' said the Countess, ',to:have been:all calumny and nonsense about our poor friend, Mr. Marshall.' '. 'Much of it, no doubt, madam, but iot all. S'have miet. with a reception which shames my suspicions. How have you so speedily bleen able to restore a good and right uderstanding ?' * I had the powerful influence of an old friend,'madaim, in whom they have confidence.'" :':There was a peculiar sinmile, or.rather the faintest ghost of a smile, of sup pressed .humour fluttering. about the left coiner of. the mouth ofthe' Scotch man. had Elizabeth;been able to;periceive 'That Squire orCby, I suppose?' in quired the lady, in not the most grate ful tone. 2 ' 'Not 'hei niadam; a friend: of'youri ladyship's who;.p onia:'former occasion, gainied thlio cbfideice "of the. tenantry by doing: them.justice'. BButI promised to let Dootor Dunsmore know as soon as you'arrived.' :: -H':'has ridden upil tothe priest's on 'business. Ah, here he] is!' ' Elizabeth did not shriek nor faint, bit she.abuglWit~ the back of the sofa bywvhichshe stood, as the agen't with dreiw and gentlyishut; the door,' hisper ing to the Quakeress, still in the vestibule, The packet in which Doctor I)Dunsmbre came had rough weather in the Channel. He got off in a pilot boat, and learning our bad stat;e, came to us at once. He has been here for three days.!' SThere is to be, no bridesmaid save KLNaud, after all,' said Marcella Boyle, to her, London )companions; 'so we need not be jealois about it now. We will all be at the wedding, though, and all the young girls and boys on the estates or,insthe country if they choose. It is to 9l?3'celebrated in Tremaino Chure·o'b d :then the happy pair will retrin to dear Ireland'again-.return to wIiner here ; yes, winter-brave storms of, the Atlantic, I heard a grand lady cll it, as if our sea-breeze was ibt as good as London fog ajny day- , ' But won't; the; mourning for i Sir Abrabami 'inith, who has left the Countess such a fortune, ':delay ;the. woddinr. MIarcella ?' ' Not a biofito'sure, does she not ratheri?nuced ahusband.:the morel to comfort iher?.. And she won't touch a .penny of, the fortune..- She co?usiders hersclf his tiustee'in'behialfof neglected relations aud'the .people of the 'facdtory.' The .manriage cvas quiet, bit.hliappy. No tears were shed but those of joy. Many of the county nobility, attended, and no lieer among the guests lookedi more handsome or aristociatic than the tall bridegroom, Doctor DIniimrii6e. The beautiful Countess :was lovelier than ever; ind the years of waiting for hei husb:mdy who had adored herfrbi -her childhood, ;only gave to her sweet face:those lih'es of thought vhieh inade her applear all the more fittedto carry out the enoimous responsibilities of one who held a nosition like hers. Few' ever entered: on':suchi grave duties with such solemn feelings as. to the duties involved, but few ever had better principles to guide them, or a more sagacious counsellor than she had in the person she chose as her c'donsort. The marriage was celebrated in the little village church, which the young Countess had had restored to its ancient Gothic beauty. It was no bishop in lawn sleeves that spoke the nuptial benediction. Good old Doctor Jobson, the confidential adviser of the old Countess, and the friend of the young peeress, performed the cere mony. -Mrs; Morley's Quaker scruples against attending the ceremony were successfully removed, and no one re joiced more hea tily 'than she did at the wonderful results that had followed her nephew's visits to the Castle--that, distinguished as he had shown himself in the healing art, he should yet be come the husband of Elizabeth, Coun tess of Tremaine, a peeress in her own right. : Maud Desmond, as she was hence forth to be spoken of, was the only bridesmaid at the wedding, and looked exceedingly lovely. She was dressed in white silk, but her robe, though rich, was trimmed to suit her tender age. The bride was arrayed in white satin and simple orange blossoms, but her veil nas of the finest Valenciennes, and had been bequeathed to her by the late Sir Abraham Smith, who had actually purchased; t to present to his own bride- elect, Lady Mary Desmond. He had left this legacy with the special request in his will that if he was re moved by death before the Countess of Tremaine married it should be handed over to her, along with all his property, of which he made her sole heiress and executrix. So that, out of respect for her relative,' who had added so largely to her wealth, she wore the ornament on her wedding day. She had also placed on her bosom a locket, bearing the initials of her own and her husband's names, presented to her the day before the wedding by the bridegroom, who had obtuined the large emerald on which the initials were cut during his travels in the East. It was the posseasion she cherished the most, anad she declared to Mrs. Morley that only desth would make her part with it.- . - Nothing could exceed the anger of the Desmond f.imily when they Iknew, not only whiiat'a companion the young Countess had made of .the brother's illegitimate ;daughter, but when they: heard that she was the sole bridesmaid, a position the :highest born maiden in the land might have been proud to. fill, their annoyance passed all bouids, and they 'took every opportunity of speak ing ill against the "eccentric girl,": as many of her acquaintances called the Countess, and, above all, to make it appear that the Countess of Tiemaine had been induced, by. motives of no higher a kirid'than that of drawing the attention of the world to the "indisa cretions," as society euphemistically. termed them, of the Honourable ,em-o ber for Carbetshire. . : Unquestionably the Countess had a distinct object in view in makinglittle Maud her sole bridesmaid. It was to demonstrate to the world that she could not. coincide; in the .verdict of society in a question of this kind, and, moreover, to emphasise the! fact that if she, Countess of Tremaine, was prepared' to 'adlit,-a pure' and blameless girl into her society, it was "all the greater shamie: in hei 'father to refuse to publicly acknowledge her as his daughter. : At.tlie .Wedding breakfast'old'Doctr Jobson made a characteristic speech. •He seemied to bring up as in panoramic view, all the past eventful years of the young peeress's life; and, to hear him, one would have imagined that he had been the prime mover and contributor to the happy turn which matters had now taken, though it was only the garrulousness of old age that-tempted him to speak as he did. . . STht 'afte6in6on' the Countess of Tremaine; and. Mr. Dunemore Tremaine--as henceforth the young physician was to be called--left for a short tour in Ireland. It could not be that one beginning a life like this, with such lofty aims and with such a husband as she had found, should fail to be successful, dand to be greatly useful in her high sphere of life. Everywhere the kindly heart and hand of the Countess and of her hus band were visible, ant even when a son. camhe to bless their fortunate union,.'her. energies never slackened. She rather felt that' then, since the house of Tremaine was to be represented by a male descendant, she had a ;double duty to perform; and so long as she lived, even the 0'·,' bitterest of her enemies were con strained toadmit that since English landlordism had first planted itself in Ireland, never had a better and more thoughtful land owner been known than Elizabeth, Countess of Tremaine \--A Peeress in' Ie OTn RigO.' THE END. 