SPORTING NOTES. CAPLFIELD TRAINING NOTF,>. There was a very fair utteudane»? on tho course yotordav morning, and the wev.htr being delightful some good work wivi got through. Chu'-kider who ha? not- h»-t his ol:l form moved along over C iurl<»m,v. in grand stylv. Btn Bolt went 6 furlongs sreauy, win-l ing up with a good round. Western ran a use ful mile. The Derby candidate, Whitebait, who i j is on the improving side, was allotod strong work on the grass. Ciarcndon, tft. Albert aim Young Horatio wore striding along at a good working pace. Lando was rattled along over 6 furious Kenneth, assisted by Master John, accomplished 6 or 7 furlongs m good style, tho former not seeming to go as well as ho usually does ; the latter is a very slippery gentleman over a short distance. Townley, Pocahontas ami Umherto wero work ing on the sand, tbo first mimed pair striding along. Highland Chief ran a useful round, Bloudin joining 6 furlongs from home. The for mer looks ami goe well. The steeplechaser, Naming, was treated to a little schooling over tho big fences with Allen up. He seemed to tako tbcm verj; unkindly, but with another horse he might improve. The Western district horses, Jim Cain and Little John, wero on the courso, and did their usual routine of good healthy exercise. Tho latter, in company with a recent arrival. Jack, by Hamlet — dam Wini fred, wont a useful round. Both theso horses reflect credit on thoir sire, Hamlet. Preston, another Cup candidate, negotiated a round on tho grass. Now York, with Martin O'Brien up, wont a useful turn on tho grass. This borso after going seems to shake the soreness off. First Pop, Berkeley and Cadland ran a merry four furlongs. Albanus aud Footman per formed some strong work on tho sand. Bonnio Doon wont good striding work over a mile. The Chanter, Sirocco, G leu worth and Marmion all wont useful exercise. Bridegroom strode along for soven furlongs on tho sand. Gadfly and Empress nftor putting in some slow pace oxoroiso wound up by running a ohnrp half mile. The Ghost, who looks fresh and muscu lar, ran a s:roug seven furlongs with J. Wil liams up. Nuisance, Grccculus Esurius, King of the "West nnd a colt by Hamlet were all moving aloug on the sand and tan. Pationce, Cricket and Lottery wero given two or throe rounds at from medium to half pace exerciso. The two-year-olds, Epicurean, Carnival, Julian Gray, Nectarine and Alexandria did useful work. Graco Darling started from the halfmilo post in company with Hot Iron for a round on the course proper, the pair rattling along until the milo post was reached, tho latter easing off and allowing Tho Crane to complete the journoy in company with tho daughter of The Diver and V. oo. This was an exceedingly good working gallop. There was a largo number of sput ters and jumpers being put through their facings, but nothing scnsrAionnl occurred. I might mention that, through tho courtosy of the trainer, 1 was invited to visit Silvermiu: , and after having a good look 1 am vory sorry to 6ay that I think his chanco of annexing tho Caulfleld Cup is very remote. It is now uiuo days siuco he appeared on tho course. 