SEA SERPENTS. -o In ha very readable sketch of Sea Serpepts, Original a d Selected, in "Corohill," the writer says:-l'The moodern serpent is the heir- general of tli'e ancient dragon, deceaced. When tht' dragon' was gathered to his fathers he lef'i~iost of his surviving properties and effects by will to his sepresen tative; the serpent, as residuary legatee. Or, to put the" matter. somewhat sore correctly, the dragon is not yet wholly extinct; he has gradually developed into.the serpent by slow and imper ceptible cliangee. Many old draconian peculiarities cling about him. even now, in his serpentile guise. Tho very namle itself lias a mythical ring alout it; for when a nat n says 'inake' you know he means the kind of reptile dealt in by Dr Gumnher and Sir Joseht Fayrer--the ophidians of fact and science; but whenihe says 'serpent' y.ou know he means the mysterions dra?on-like. beast who has, entered Irgely into all myth from the begin t inc of all things. Now, thei serpent, as evri'ybody kiiows; is the father of liea ;not otnly is Ire (a, Falsaatl wou'd have said) it liar himtnelf, but lie is also a iiusei'of lyihg in others. Not that 'ire:tyi g need be necessarily conscious or intelitionsal: by tar the larger part of iyrno : doubt, is' due to hasty or iicorrect observation, distorted by tenio, mlgnified .by wonder and rendred unduly definite by preeo, ceptipg, .I regard the titan writo sans lie lihs, seen a sea serpent' in muci tha same light as I reg.rd the man who says he has 'seen a ghost.' E ichr is applying to a real or supposed object, more or tless ha- tily observed, a te:m which is mythical in origin, ovrrlaid by supe"ritioins and prejudices, and at once too definite and too iadetinite for t e thiig lie has seen. Instead of mtierely s.ating facts, he is drawing sa i,ference ;'lie is classifvint his o0n experience side' by side' with certiin o her exp. rierlces and baliels, the imas ot'whiclh have ctlme doen to us trum an emineitly uncritical miyth-suaking rotmaltic agoe. 'Thereby ihe puts him. self immediately out of court; hil evideiiteliis either inadmis.ible, or, is, at least, worth very little.' 