A NIGH T IN A DISSECTING BOOM. A GHOST STOHT. Continuedfromlast Issue. " That's a difficulty, but conld'nt you manage to put me . under something so that I should 'not be seen, or perhaps you have enough interest to prevent me being dissected at ail and have me quietly buried." " I am only a student." " That's unfortunate, but cannot be helped I suppose, still nevermind, I must take my chance, only you must do the best you can for me and I will let you see me dissect the brain. I had hoped you would have been one, but you're not," and the ghost sighed heavily. "I think it would be possible to do something to cure drinking, only all my theories were laughed at when I was alive. People sisked me why I did'nt cure myself and when I tried some of my ideas, they shut me up as a madman. Now yon are young and could do so much. I will demonstrate my theories to yon, and you shall give them to the outer world. Soung man there is a future for you, a brilliant future." If you. will only put me together," said Trevor, fearing that in his talking the ghost would forget until it was too late to do so. " Ton-are in a. great liurry," said the •ghtfst impatiently., ''.and.ifj'you do'-iUdttake care I won't put 'you"• together at all. To' contiuue my 'subject,** added the giimt, " I am of opinion that by the examination of the brain of a living inan we shall be able to,;—" The ghost's speech yvas destined to reinain unfinished, for, as he spoke,- the other ghosts Began to tanish, aud Trevor seeing this cried out that he would be put. together again. Under the influence of coming dawn he was getting brare. The giant gave a ghastly smile and began to vanish too. " Put me together," cried Trevor in an agony of fright. " A comfortable bed I must say," replied a voice, and .Trevor became conscious that it was broad daylight and that some of his student fnends were bending over him. - = In silence he sullenly rose, and tried to move, but either the ghosts treatment, or his hard narrow bed nad made him so stiff, that he had hardly gained . his feet before he wonld have fallen if his friends had not caught him in time. *• Well, did you have pleasant dreams ?" jested the others. " • , . " No," replied Trevor, as he glanced at the prostrate figure of the /jjiant and found to his horror that it was lying close to the table some yards from where he had seen it the night before. How he himself had returned to his bed in the coffin he could nevfer tell. - With, onany jests and much laughter, his companions heard his stoiy, declaring it to be a wild 'dream. But whether it was a dream or not, Trevor could never get over the fact" that the corpse of the giant lay near to the table cxactly in the same place, where his ghost had stood expounding his theories upon drnnkenness to Trevor. It changed the course of his life for he gave up the study of medicine at once, as the very sight of a subject tilled him with a species of terror, and he could never enter the dissecting room without living, as it were, that terrible night over again. The death of an elder brother raised him to the position of head of the family, and he had no "more need to earn his living, so settling down he lived a quiet, life doing all the good he could. But in spite of prosperity he never regained his wild spirits and there always - remained the shadow of that night in a dissecting, room upon his grave sad face. [All rights with regahi to the stoiy artreserved. It is fonnded on fact as far as the locking up.in the dissecting room is concerned. ED. A.M.] , .. • •. • <.•> Waiter, cajti yon bring me a nice yonng chicken smothered in- onions?': .'•'No, sah. We doesn't kill 'em d&t; j^y, sah. We cuts off der heads," , ii ...•' u Too much beer may cau<?e you to ail. and too nfurfi ale—now d\int think it queer—mny bffer a while prove tjje ^prter who brings you at' last to your bier. ' " John, correct^the followingsentenec; It are very cold.' • John, as he wipes the persperatioh from his forehead/with his shirt sleeve, ' 4 . It are durued hot." • ' Marionj" asked.a iSg" brother of hi« ( 4 little'sister, 4 Marion, do you know the |t earth tums round ?" " Of tos I does;" j answered Marion,.. " that's the reason I i tumbles out of bed. " - BAKED MACARONI.—Three long sticks of macaroni broken in small pieces; soak in a pint of mil k two hours. Grate bread ann dried cheese. Put a layer of macaroni in a plodding dish. Add pepper, salt, and butter; then sprinkle tlie bre:id and cheese crambs over it, and so continue until the dish is filled. JDNCET.—Place a dessertspoonful nf essence of rennet in a glass or china, liowl which will contain a quart v «»f milk; mid the milk, and stir the whole fur k k fcw secunils. Put. the dish near the fire on tlie lop'of the range and cover witli a piece of paper. I11 abont 10 minutes it will have set, and musj. W at once removed to a cool place. When quite cold itis ready for table, ana may be eaten-with jaui, cream or sugar. CSEA3I NECTAB.—To 41b of white sugar put six quarts of water, shr, and set it over a slow fire-till of the warmth of new milk; add^lie well-beaten whites of, two eggs, bring the whole to- nearly boiling point,.let it just boil, aud^truiu..immediately... When cold. add, '8pi bf^.tarTaVic a^julf^i teaspok>nful of^ capliona'te of soda, aud flavour to the &si;».w?th"esseiice oftefiion. Bottle foruse. ; > Wnen wanted take a wineglassful in - a tumbler of water. . APPLE MBBIKGVK.—Prepare six large, tart apples for sauce. While hot put in a piece of butter about the size of an egg. When cold add a cup of fine cracker crumbs theyolksof three eggs well beaten, a cup of sweet milk or cream, alitllesall, nutmeg and sugar .to taste. Bake in a large plate with an undcrcrust of rich paste-and a rim of puff paste. When done, take the whites of the eggs, half a teacup of w lite sugar and a few drops of essence of lemon; beat to a stiff froth, pour over, and put back into the oven to brown lighten. RICE PUDDING.—Wash four ounces of rice in cold water and set it'on the, fire with a-pmtof nt/lk and the rind of half a lemon. When done, if .the milk be absorbed by the rice, add a little more, so that the rice may' be nearly covered with it. When done, remove it from the fire and mix with it two tablespoonfulis of nilk, three yolks of eggs, a pinch of salt, and, if liked a very little nutmeg. Put back on the fire for a minute, stirring constantly. Butter a mould well and dust it with sugar, and turn the rice into' it. Bake it in a moderate oven for half an hour. Serve cold with sauce. 