Iflovelet. JOHN ABBERTON. ':SE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WORLD. By GROBVENOR BUNSTER. CHAPTER I V.-(Continued). "Of course .I do,' he retorted, jeeringly. " Think Io lo't know you, sir, hey ? Better obelieve Idol What i Would yerT?" With this he raised his loft hand to ward off the.low be shought I was about to strike him. I countered, and bit him under his l airwrithastrengththat fairly liftedhimofithe ground,onlyto deposit him on his back upon the gravelled pathwpy. My father, among otbhermstters, had taught me boxiog, and ian gu?ysourSe through life I have found it a very K teful adoomplishm'rt. However, this Leavy youth was no our. He gotp, and '" shaped" in a clumsy sort of fasbion, but with engb energy that he split lhis tight fltting jaket'up the back. He was no match for me, so that in the course of five minuteisl had given him a beautiful pair of blap?~eland a tap upon hie snub nose. whidh'lim more good in the direction of phleotoym 'tlan any surgeon's skill could have a?compl?ohed with lancet or supping '?"That's enough," said he, dolefully,as the ~blood reamed from hie nose. " My word I hare's a prcious shirt. Won't I get it from Missue Oh, no, rather not I And won't you -get pieon. I shouldn't say so. Well. And my jaket busted. Good-bye, Barnaby, y by., "You're to let. Tenders invited. .ue why? You're ae good as sached. Immoue I 'there's the misses:," with which he : l1'k Into the shadow of the wall. But not ? tsdre he lynx eye of my worthy aunt had S'him. She called him, in a peremptory , u.ne, and he obeyed. A shout of laughter rang from my lips as I beheld him shuffling ..owards the good lady; his unwholesome, saety looking face besmeared with blood, his jeaket split from-"stem to stern," his long andd crooked logs at last a foot too far through "t-trousers. He looked like a dissipated and anisgelgrasehopper, arraigned before a court eiis kind. "'To ay that horror and indignation were rnaty efteeted on my auot's conn. tenanbe ie to say nothing. The impression ,.y{sohoher looks, her attitude, her fixed stare btarpaby conveyed to me, was, that she .-wae in?vident doubt as to whether she was not the victim of some optical illusion. -Dtobtless, she considered whetherit was really tissible'that any person could have so out ztgedthepacred character of her domain as -o, Ctrike-one of her servants. Slowly her gare tirned from Barnaby's battered face to mine.. It was smiling now genial. I roached, doffed my sap, and bowed to the " lam distressed, Madam," said I, " that . owng to your servant's insolence, I have tas en.oompelled to ebhastisehim." ý-"Then you-you, sir, have been guilty of hs ountrage? I smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, accompanied by a "dark, fat, heavy-looking gentleman in clerical garb, joined my aunt on the balcony. "What is the matlter, my dear Ellen?' saiid theheavy clerio, whom I at once idintified as the Rev. Mr. Porter. , 'Matter I" exclaimed the lady. "Matter enough. A precious youth this son of yours, 'brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." Myy father did so, and burst into a fit of laughter. Nor was the Reverend Mr. Porter unimpressed by the ludicrous aspect of his page, who, in good truth, looked, with his Swollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapi dated garments, very much like a defeated and demoralised dunghill jooster. ..o say that the lady was disgusted is to saylittle. She east an indignant glance at -ar husband, and then, muttering some remark under her breath, stalked away. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his fIae, and I joined my father. -"Well, master Jack," said be-" this sort 'iOlthing won't do. You are already in sad disgrace with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, the fellow weeas most insolent. He cailed me a tramp and more than hinted that "I was a thief." "Then," interruptedthe reverendMr. Porter ewith emphasis" I cannot blame you. You served him right. The fact is, my wife spoils that lout, and between ourselves. I'm not sorrythstmaster raspegroae here, has taught him alesson. There goes the luncheon bell." With this, he led the way, while my eather pinehing my ear, whispered to me that he was not angry. but on the contrary pleased by the spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all I cared for, I sat down to luncheon in a very happy frame of mind. With my usual audaoity I joined readily In the conversation which was somewhat slowly carried on by the seniors at the table. I addressed myself to my cousinas with easy familiarity; and was in no sense deterred from this course by the efforts they made to Sbeek ,me. My aunt' preserved the most ltdelmeanour towirds me. This hbowever, ;tzl[ ps eat to notlie. Indeed, it afforded pleasre to iPore her contemptuous me. and to take every oppor. it eipg myself to be ; in this I ipeoeged by observing that my father tskthse e,-and esieyed the misohes.. • (?__ Hmtn? esid.I sal tritled with the +p l IarolebIl. lies Porter stared; m " WbtrinllsI, thess$ MRet isee looksý ýY'F ,,:roe. K.aý't_3 .. ·~ · frightened, and the girls glanced appre hensively at their mother Too High Church butler however, turned aside to hide a smile. My tactics were evidently to his taste. "I call it a garden, little boy, because it is a garden" at length answered my aunt. l laughed. " A garden I" I echoed. " I counted sever, daisies, all of which were in arliculo mortis, debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or so of demoralised looking wall-flowers. A garden, aunt l" " You are impertinent, little boy," said my aunt with some irritation. "I presume that we may expect to find ourselves and o'm whole surroundings subject to your oriticism." "Nay," I answered depreoatingly, "I did not mean to offend you aunt. I was about to propose that you should permit me to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little or no sun reaches it, I do not doubt that I could make it bloom." "Come now," cried the good Mr Porter; " that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." "A sprat to eatch a mackerel"grumbled thi lady. "We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault upon my page." "I was jealous of his favor withyon aunt." answered demurely. She coula not help Joining with the others in the laugh which followed; and in this humor left us. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinokle. If we reach the school by four o'clock we shall find him disengaged. This we did. Having seen the Cathedral and listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there on, we repaired to Dr Wrinekle, whom wr found a meek and crushed out sort of litllth gentleman with a kindly face and nervou' manner- one of those men who, having married a stronger nature, at onoe yield up all personality into her hands, " My boy," said my father," it strikes m' that the grey mare is the better horse. At the same time, there is no question which i the more worthy. I like the Doctor. He comes with us to-night." CHAPTER V. A LITTLE DINNER. The two gentlemen now asoompanied us for a walk through the principal streets of the town, in the course of which we were in troduced to several other clerical gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the Reverend Doctor Porter or the Reverend Doctor Wrinokle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England will remem. ber these types, and will, I am sore, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description of these representatives- Clerical life in such towns has been ably dealt with by the late Anthony Trollope. It is characteristic of English life, and is seen nowhere else than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism and dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save in the Church of England. The parsons of this church may be prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their poll. tieal opinions, but they are essentially gentle men. At least this is my conclusion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The doctors too, aooompanied no to the Guild Hall, over which ancient ouilding we were shown by the Town Clerk, a gentleman. by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And presently we returned to Dr. Porter's residence, where we partook of some slight refreshment, and where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the page, had been put to bed, and that leeches had been applied to his swollen optics. '"Which I will say, sir," remarked the butler"they are ortnl. The ladies in the kitchen, sir, are delighted. For if ever ther, was a pup as needed kickin', that there Bar naby's one. But sir, bless yer, 'tie as mucs as our places is worth to say a word agir him; Missus is so took up with the hugl) himp." It will be seen by the reader that I habed created some interest in the minds of those with whom I had come into contact. An' this was what I desired. I could never bear to remain in the background. My policy hao ever been to push myself to the front, as o believe I shall show in the course of thi, narrative. Bidding Dr. Iýrter farewell for the preoent. Dr. Wrinekle and my father and myself tel the house, and walked down the high street. Here the Doctor parted with us. "You will be prompt to half-past six Dortore" said my father. "BImember, nr apology can excuse a man whokeeps a dinner waiting." "True, true. I shall be there to tb minute, Captain," and then the little ma' walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. "A decent little gentleman, Jack," said mý father. "What a pity one cannot say a' much of the gentlewoman, his wife." "She is an ogre," I cried. "And did you see her moustache, sir?" "Faith I did, Jack; there was no need for a microscope to do that." Then he rane the bell, and summoned the landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was the very type of an English boniface of olden days. His countenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He was stout and hearty, and red of face, and of husky voice. He looked as though he had been suckled upon rare wines and fed upon meoet beef from his very advent into this world. He listened to my father's instruo tions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said be. "Dr. Wrinokle-an excellent and most learned gentleman- yourself, air, and your son. At half-past six o'clock. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the pre. peration of the feast. At six o'clock precisely came the doctor, ?orupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a mammy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirite. Indeed, he conveyed the impression that he had been let off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar ciroum. stances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker an nounced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work of art. A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then came clear soup, followed by-some delicious soles fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Ahauneh of Welch mutton came next with a couple of tasty entrees. Some snipe served on toast, some capital sweets, to which, with a youngster's palate for such matters, I paid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what the Doctor thought of the matter, but I cer tainly judged from the expresesion of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the domestic economy of his household explained to me that our little dinner must have been a revela. tion to him. " Well" said the Doctor, as he sat back in his chair, and surreptitiously loosened three buttons of his waistcoat. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hos pitality is overpowering." "Ah," said the Doctor. smacking his lips. " an excellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. Hel he I He was an emphatic personage truly." "We should have heard but little of him, Doctor," said my father, " had it not been for his toady, Boewell." " Positively you are correot," returned the Doator, as he drank off another bumper. "Boswell's tittle-tattle is most entertaining.' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the little gentlemen courteously acoepted the offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously placed an olive in his month. He puckered up his eyes, twisted his lips, and expressed in his faes the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had placed in his month. " Abem I " said he "really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them in Virgil, but positively never have I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " If the troth must be told, the impression conveyed to me when I first ate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors call" bilge water." But olives flavor one's wine im-. mensely." io t..js, u".., saitd the Doctor, dubionely. " umph I think that I prefer the wine without the olives," and he dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, so innocent in his ways that really it was im poesible to check the impulse of friendship towards him. .And, presently, as the wine i.ounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the most.charming kind. He :ang as a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloo and Btephron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us some little stories of his early college days, when he was "a naughty boy, sir, and a sad, young dog." In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whose spirits were of that elastia kind which is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to the door an admiring audienoe of waiters and chambermaids. " Now, Jack," said he, as he fnished ' The Old Temeraire.' Come, boy. Let us have your song. Sing ns one of the ditties Monsieur Tondeur taught you," and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I boret forth with Bernger'l " e Vin et la Coquette," eingrig the ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Dootor' face was a study. " Bless my sool I" he said, preeently, turn. isp to my father, whose eyes were dancing, and whose lips trembled from suppressed mirth. " Where did the lad learn aoch a song. French too. Well I'm rusty as to French--but still, bunph; " and he shook his head and drank off another glass of claret. My father laughed aloud. "A young scaeLp, eh I Le~tor," he cried. "You must teach him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," Paid the Djetor, gravely, hold ing up one band in deprecation. "I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and has picked up many matters which perhaps it would have been well he should not have learned. But serious studyewill soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Dootor paid court to the elaret. He had passed from the first to the second stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, hs had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clock, and the Doctor protested that he must return. "A married man, sir," he said, with some thing very like a hiccough. "I must keep good hours. Bless me-what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to inform me-inform me-how many there are of you," and he gazed piti onsly at my father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened sud denly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered the room with the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her hus. hand and seized his collar. "Pretty goings on, truly," she said," ten o'elcok and not abed yet," and she tugged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that speoies of valour which is known as Dutch courage. He struggled to his feet. " Madam," said he, "what means this unseemly condudt? Are you aware who I am; who I am I" "Come along," said the lady, "who you are, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur. leeque upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a sudden tug and the little Doctor disappeared with his captor through the door. My father shook with laughter. " There, Jack," said he, " there you behold an illustration of the influence of lovely woman. I do not think that your mamma could have distinguished herself so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to-morrow morning. We shall bt see each other for seome time to come, after we start for the other end of the world," and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself upon the bed and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation seized upon me; I felt for the nest time an my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morning when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full of tenderness and solicitation met mine he smiled. "Come Jack," he cried, "up with you, I have only an hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you drees I'l have a litte talk with you. I jumred up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds. "Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this large fortune. )ut you will need a little money. As I understand, there are some youngeters at this school whose friend ship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, which can be so readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, therefore, and you may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip." Then he was silent, sitting by the window, looking abroad with that self-contained look which tells that the influence of all exterior matter, are unfelt. He was very grave during breakfast, and said but little more as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me, and we parted. Blind with the tears I in vain sought to control, I made my way back to the hotel, and there, getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed me the day before, I felt its influence tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled me as I walked up the damp steps and rang the bell. The High Church butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTER VI. I AM COBBED. Reaoived with formal cordiality by my sunt and her family, I at down to the break fast, which they were careful to inform me they had delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, fairly furnished, however, and looking out upon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'olock, and I hastened to eshool, the duties of which had already oommenedi ere I arrived. The little doctor looked somewhat ahame faced as I saluted him, but a I was areful to preserve the utmost respeat in my demeanour toward him, heaon beaome at eae, OnA-tuonatOel am se to m .pgukl. • ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ " ?. ? :..:.. ,. . . ments. He told me that I must commence forthwith the study of the classics, concern. ing the value of which he was most enthusi astio. " The modern languages my dear boy," said he, "come afterwards. The basis of an elegont education are the classics. As for French, he added, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know more than I can teach you." With this he handed me mybooks and con dooted me to my class desk at the lower and of the large hall which served for the sohool. room. I was mortified to find that my olass. mates werein all caes my superiors, and deter. mined to do my utmost to acquire the position held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I oocquered my curiosity in respect to my sohool-fellows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Ctsar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I posseesed ¢ostill posses) a superior faculty for con. ltrating my thought and energies upon any qhjet which I took in hand, I was quite rady with my leson when the class was called up. The Doctor was very plea.ed. \- l-see, I see," said be, " you and I will get along together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock the work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play-ground whither I followed them. I was instantly uer. rounded. "How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's you dad ginger," icquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. "Let us cob him. Fine or ncob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on the ground. "Now now boy, said the big fellowto whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his hand. kerchief. It ll the costom of this school to Initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. You have the option of buying off, you know," and he stood over me ready to strike. I was furious, and setting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. "Trn him on his face lads," cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then ata given signal, each boy?etruok me with his pocket handkerchief, boanting the while.' " New boy, new boy, why has he come to usl? Cob him, cob him, pugnis t ealcibus. So he'll learn, so he'll learn docendo decim s; Let him know, that we rule, propris qu marl. tee, It was with the greateot diftlity that I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and strouk him with my best strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this ease rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, "you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. Ill thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with this I walked off. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his oomrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Reverend Mr. Porter as we eat down to luncheon, " and how did you get on to- day. "Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed o a slice of ham. "Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked at me, aghast. "I'm afraid little boy (she used this phra?e to take me down a peg.) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere you blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." "I fanny," said I, "that my friend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon." "In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. ,'I don't think I shall," I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, first staring ineredulouoly at me, proceeded to out me a minute slice of ham. ", Thanks" said I, " another slice pleac . ScBohool work makes a fellow hungry.' The ghost of a grave smile was to be seen fort moment upon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed me my plate ; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent." "You are right, madam," I answered, "though why the thought should have caused you to stare so at me, I do not understand." "Then you have less wit than I give you credit for," ahereplied. "Possibly, madam," was my answer, "I doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. But as to your judicious observation concerning the impu. dence of the modemrn boy, I quite agree with you. He is n n audacious young onub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is so. The modern boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It Is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face as I delivered this little address. Always heavy and stupid of aspect, his visage now ex. pressed the utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. He ee down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker as she sharply rejoined, "You talk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children should listen, not speak." "Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. AnuI suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap pliesto me: "Poca barba pora virgueMza," and Idrank my small beer with an air. uAnd what may that mean young Sir," said my reverend host, at last finding his tongue. "Little heard little shame," I laughed, as I glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were dancing. "Then," said my aunt venomously, "the sooner your beard grows the better for your modesty." And with this Parthian shot she arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was evident that our relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called me to him. "Have a glass of wine my boy," said be. " And I like you none the less for your impudenee," and the reverend gentleman ahuoked. "To tell you the truth,' he added, "you are the first who has ever had the ourage to tackle her. It seems a strange thinglfor the master of the house to say, .aster Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don't like her temper." " ndso," I laughed, "you rather enjoy the spectacle of another's rebellion egainst the lad??ýesoeentrieltle." (Ib 60 sesUmd.)); 