In Its Ruinsl Ar.Aost six hundred years before that Birth at Bethlehem which gives modern time its index-namely, in 582 no ., the year when the Ilethmisn games wore restored-a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gala, not very far off,foundedAcragae,which afterwards became, as Pindar wrote, 'the most beautiful city of mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all the coast of this fair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness and charm. Bcoken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma. jesty of domination to the temples; while the wide stretch of blue sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, which opened its gates to its friends and shut themlike a trap against its foes. Jupiter and Minerva-or, more correctly, Z us and Athene--ware the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zeus Atabyrios, an awful form I of Mooloch; the other was the wise grave god dees worshipped by the lhodians at Lindue -from which city came the original colonists of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Aeragas, with his red-hot brazen b~ ulls, in which he roasted men alive. But t we do not all know that this was not only from wanton cruelty; though, as with the S Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malice might have been more mixed up with it; but that it was also one form of religious superstition of the kind only too common in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did not tolerate human sacri fleaces. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, which at the worst served aftewards for food, were offered to the gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in very rare and exceptional in stances, of which Iphigenia and her subso quent cult are the most notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acrages there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his blood.guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly embellished the city-always a claim on the gratitude of citizens. Among other things, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the S'founder of cities,' on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over. powering the older fano, is the Christian S church of Sta Maria dei Greei. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Aeragas. He made that Greek luxury, a spacious fish-pond; he built the best of the temples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers from countrnes then un known, but now dominant, while all this mn. jestic past is but a memory and a name; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, which perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that he possesses. Among. others, he built the temple now called Juno Lacinia; that is, the same Juno as was worshipped at Laci rum; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a chureh to Sta Maria della Catena, or di Geset, or della Pie'il, do., nlways the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for thin temple that Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for his models the five most beautiful virgins of Auragas, and producing a masterpiec such aso the world had never seen before. But the forces of nature, like the passions of men, have no respect for works of art, whether in paint or in stone. ]artbquakes and storms, winds, frost, and fire did their work of destruction on all these splendid conceptions and perfect nahievements of genius; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha ginian and tRoman had begun. And now no have of Aeragas, ' the most beautiful city .of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the ancient temples. But what ruins I Out on the edge of the roek stands the beautiful and still perfeot sk.leton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the past, to repeople the void, to call back from that. dim and misty Hades whoero the pale ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light, and youth and beauty, with music and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, ° asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shed 3 her influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The beautilul Sicilian girls ° who were the realisations of the nymphs and younger goddesses, some sing. ing, some playing, others bearing baskets d full of fruits and flowers-their soft feet falling in measured tread and tho rhyth mie swaying of their bodies making visable muia to the eye; the stately matrons, grander and graver, tile Junos, the Dameters com- It pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as h well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as c well as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the maidens and falling in love at i a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbando and the elder fathers, k occupied with things and indifferent to e beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded tl with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods slow to save and quick to T punish, as even the gentle gods of Greece themeelves were :-all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range S themeel?se w;thin the eolnmned hall. which then had no Christian arches to block up the space. The cymbals clash and clang: the o shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and Tl clear; and the echoes of the sacred songs come back from shaft to wall in a full diapa. son of joyons melody. Who cannot bring Ti back that scene, as he stands among the Ai asphodels and violets, and forgets time and space in memory? It Father away is that Temple of Juno Lacinia, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by i no means so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson touch on the old gray stones. Farther still are the ruins of the Temple of Hercules, from which BI the infamous governor Verres, he who was W denounced by Cicero in die of his most St eloquent orations. attempted to steal the magnfloent bronze statue of the god; send- At ing his slaves at night to prise down the sacred icon; but failing-as the pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of As Hercules himself workaing throughhis effigy 8i -until the horrified men of what was then Fc Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not yet At Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and delivered Os their deity from harm. And there is still more undistinguishable chaos of the Temple Ar of Jupiter-ruined before finished- where the TI great earyatid lies prone on the greensward, Ts like one of the old gode despoiled of his glory W diejointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only Sb the dim and roughened outlines, but wanting all that made the lifo and beauty of the faith. W Near to these confused ruins is the boautiful little upright fragment of tbhe Temple of Castorand Pollux, those twin'eons of Lcda who stand as tbhe emblems of fraternal Hi fidelity, Ar The air is full of old.world memories, ande involuntarily that noble hymn by Thcoeritus o h to the Dioseuri comes to ns like a living cound It wafted by strange singers across the scented bean-felds--" dear work-steads of the hairy f bees"--und shalken lilke perfume from the U flushed branches of flowering fruittrees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. " But their day is done. Their Temple is but Y, a hint, preciouo for architectural grace, and " beautiful in spite ofits decay; and they themn- O ;elves, this herono pair, are as dead as the the stono effigy lying prostrate on the grass. "Farewell, yes sons of Leda"-"Castor of I the swift steeds and swart Polydcices," "to of. whom all minstrels were dear," " the twain ind that aid all mortals," "theo beloved pair," frs "sucoourers of man in the very thrill of an peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody fhb press of battle, and of ships that, defying the of I stars that set and rise in heaven, have cn. do countered the perilous breath of storms"- ofa farewell I The present has destroyed the past. dl and Judua has conquered Greeo; but what litel the world has lost in substance it still retains app in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out. live belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervaides all Sicily, Girgenti is possessed by Empedooloe. Clad in his purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals-what was this man? Was ha the wise measurer of mortal force, the *e diligent observer and partial conquerer of nature, some afirm him to have been? Was he the self- consecrated seer and mystic, sincere If also selfldeceived, who imagined more than hbe know, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantaseies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the con. Fslous charlatan who traded on men's credu. lity and discounted their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever he was, he was born and bred at Aeragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housed in glory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do eo find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren of trees but fruitful in grain ; unlands as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of boragoe and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild.flowers at home tracts where a botanist may opend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer "card the soft wool about their knees," as in the days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at all that desperate Simmtha who loved too much ; but they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-foll. The chief object of interest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathred ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery :; an engraved ivory staff, and two splendid monstrances-the one of gold and jewalls in the form of a sun rayed and banded; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the centre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or the bold carving of the roof; and the echo which seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burninge than the architect knew when he struck by chance on that fatal angle of incidence. If you are at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platea, you will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and india criminate mingling of men and women; and there still exist in these less visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclueson of women. In the boxes, two female masks-the only female masks in the theatre-come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to croes the platea for such refreshments as are to be found at the back of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulue who respect no man, make way for them: as do those half dozen Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill cries, lotting fly live birds as a diversion the more. These two bands are evidently well .known in the place. They go in and out of celtain boxes offering bonbons, which are laugiinigly accepted, and they dance with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Louis XIV., of perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantic efforts to kies papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to be essentially womanly. ofices for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red.bodied imp, whose delight in his horne is such as one might have expected from a young fawn when he Irst learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lately safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and bri gandage, like the old cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's seisaorablo Puck. 