SPORTING NOTES. MEMORANDA. BY "WARRIOR." It is currently reported that Little John has been sold. Britisher is among the favorities for the Caulfield Cup. Two of-themetropolitan sporting scribes havediscovered that Trident’s near fore-leg is a bit queer. Being the first and only dis coverers, Hon. White should make them a present of the horse. Lame or otherwise, his training-track ap pearances augur well for a big success on Derby Day. Silvermine, Ben Bolt, Millstream, Little John, Jim Cain. Ghost, Chuckster, Kenneth, St. Paul, and Master John went through their facings to the satisfaction of their trainers yesterday at Caulfield. St. John has been doing some very un satisfactory work lately—that is, his time lias been very slow—but I opine the weights have been very heavy. The St. hails from a quarter where horses win in all stages and conditions of infirmity. If I had to guage his chance of the C.C. by what I see, then “ struck out” would be the decision, but re membering that there are several circus per formers who don’t enter a tent, I am content to hint that St. John may effect a surprise. The blue-and-white string did fair exer cise, but'Volcauo’s gruel in the Guineas did him no good. _ Maddeliua was on exhibition, but rest for a couple of days has been substituted for work. • The inseparables. Power and Commotion, are puttiug in some real solid training, I hear good accounts from Mordialloc about the doings of Mentmore. Perhaps the scratching of Merrimu meant more than was apparent at first. Among professional racing men sales of horses take place which are not sales, and it is extremely difficult to find out which are genuine and which bogus’. I have just been informed.by a person supposed to be “in the know” that Little John has really been sold to a bookmaker. If it is .so, then “ Warrior” and a good .many of his friends have been sold also. Bar the introduction and advance of Britisher to 100 to 10, and the decline of William Tell and Little John for . Caulfield Cup, there are no -sensational changes to report in the quotations-! 