THE ARTIST'S DINNER. _____ \- J (BELFAST NOBTHEBN WHI«.) Elígese Marsouin is, without e; ception, the most eccentric young tua it was ever made my fate to lal) in witl Handsome; well made, even striking looking, both men and women are a! ways sure to turn round and stare ai ter him as bc strolls along the Boule vards of Paris, his only walk, for b was never known to extend it furtbe than the Place de la Concorde. Th Champ Elysees is to him au unknow: land. He came to Paris ten years ag as a law student, and took a chea] lodging, at twelve pounds sterling pe annum, in the Bue de Seine. Here h vegetated on bis allowance of fou pounds sterling a month, and made ai effort to study. But the effort was al most in vain ; he fell asleep over hi law books, and was never known t rise in time to attend to the tnorniu] lectures. At the end of three years in the twenty-first year of his age, h made so little progress that his fathe determined to recall him. But fiugem was too idle to pack up things for i journey, and too indolent to engag< anybody to do it. FI is portress, j good old woman between fifty and six ty, cooked his dinner for him, fetcher him novels from the circulatinj library, and arranged his room. H could not change his existence. Hi father threatened to stop bis allow ance, but Eugene wrote back that hi would just as soon starve as travel tw< hundred miles. About a week later, he was called ipi by a lawyer, who announced to hîn the important fact that his mother'i eldest sister, a maiden lady, had jus died, and left him twelve thousand francs per annum-nearly five hun dred pounds sterling. Eugene bad« the lawyer sit down, rose from his OWE chair, and, taking up his student*! books one by one, put them into thc fire. He then returned to the chair and proceeded to calculate what thif allowed him to spend a week. Thc lawyer stopped him, and demanded instructions. Marsouin told him tc receive bis money for him, and to let his old woman have it, at the rate ol two hundred and thirty francs every week, on his written order. The man of law readily consented, got him to sign the necessary papers, and bowed himself out. The existence of Eugene Marsouin changed but little. He kept his old lodging at twelve pounds a year, but he had it beautifully furnished ; he removed old Catherine from the por- ter's lodge to the post of his sole ser- vant ; he dressed well ; he subscribed to two libraries, to be sure of having the book he should waut ; and, instead of dining at a sixpenny ordinary, took his dinner a la carte, now at the first restaurant on the Boulevards, now in the Palais Boyal. He awokè with clockwork regularity at eight, took his chocolate, and, turning round ia his bed, went once more off to sleep. At eleven he again awoke, and, lounging in a huge arm-chair, attacked his breakfast. It was composed of vari- ous delicacies, of which he scarcely ever ate two mouthfuls ; but he amused himself by lazily cutting up some small peices and offering them on a fork to his old servant. " Here, Catherine, eat," he would say. This was in his days of effervescing gaiety , for iE be was at all grave he said nothing, but sat stupidly looking at his bottle of wine. About two he was dressed. If a friend came be .was generally lying, on his back puffing huge volumes of smoke toward the roof. " What are you doing, Eugene ?" " Nothing." 5 ** What are yon thinking of ?" "Nothing." This was his universal answer. About three he would take his hat, his cane, and his gloves, and, descending the stairs, make slowly for the first bridge which fed liim across the water toward the Boulevards. As an in- variable rule, he dined one day at the 'Cafe de Paris, the next at Very's. He said he was fond of variety, and show- ed his regular alternation between the two houses. He dined well-some thaw alone, sometimes with a friend, if*» happened to meet him exactly in his way. He then took his coffee, lit a cigar, and strolled home. A divan, his pipe, and a book were his ordinary recources of an evening, except when a party of friends came in, and then he roused himself sufficiently to order punch, &c.;, and sometimes ventured on an unexciting game. But he never en- couraged late hours. He could not live without eleven hours of bed. And thus did his existence move on for years. He neither changed bis habits, manners, nor looks. When the Revolution happened, he was an- noyed at having to dine at home for a few days, and that was all the effect it had on him. As he did not not sell out of the fin ds bis income continued unabated ; und, as soon as the last shot was fired, he resumed his placid exis- tence. He was not a bad fellow, though so eseentialiy selfish and wrap- ped up in himself; he would often rouse himself slightly to serve à friend, and took in good part the practical jokes sometimes played upon his in- dolence and absence of mind. One morning, a few mouths after the Revolution, Marsouin had just risen to his eleven o'clock breakfast, when a knock came to the outer door. Eugene looked uncomfortable, but nodded to Catherine to open it. A young man immediately entered. He was tall, weil dressed, and strikingly handsome. Intellect was stamped on every feature of his face. He WEB, however, ghastly pale ; his cheeks livid, his eyes hollow and fiery. He came in with a poor attempt at a strut, and sank in an armchair. " I have como without ceremony to breakfast with you," he said, with a terrible effort to laugh. ** Eat,'* replied Eugene, indolently, after a languid shake of the head. He really liked his old schoolmate, Gustave De Simouet, but he rarely could muster more emotion than he now showed. Gustave was four years younger, an artist, hard working, and full of talent, and they met rarely. But they both remembered the friendly days of school, and kept up their ac- quaintance. ' Gustave ate quietly, and with evi- dent caution. He touched no wine but drank a large bowl of chocolate, As he made his breakfast, his cheeks flushed, his eyes lost their horrid glare, and when he threw himself back in his chair he seemed a changed man. Seizing an instant when Catherine was away iu the kitchen, he exclaimed " This is the fifth meal I have eaten in three days." " Gustave, you want to givo me an indigestion!" cried Eugene, looking like a man who had seen a ghost. " I am serious," replied the young artist; "and, having been pretty nearly starved for four months, have come to ask you to use your influence to get me a place of, say, a thousand francs a year." ''Could I not lend you a thousand frahos?" he said. " Eugene ! I have not lived fot four months on two sous of milk and two sous of bread for breakfast, and" six sous of meat and bread for dinner, since the Revolution-I have not Iain three days on my divan starving, to come and borrow money. I ask for work ! I cannot just now find artistic work ; let me get a place as copying clerk. "Sou have influential relations." " My dear fellow, I am a lazy dog, but there is my hand. Reach me that writing desk. I will give you a letter to the Countess de. Montdely, which will serve your purpose. She has great weight-I forget with which Minister; and she is ray cousin. I have only seen her once, because she lives in Faubourg St. Germain, and I hate to go out of my way. Bnt she ' invites me once a week, and my father reproaches me every mouth for not going. Some of these days I will." ( Gustave, rather surprised at his ' long. speech, handed him .pen, ink', and paper. Eugene took fche affair inl hand with intense energy, wrote off four pages in a very snort time, and< thou sank back exhausted in his chair, Gustave thanked him warmly,-and, without offering to read the note, put it in an envelope, sealed it, and ad- dressed it. Eugene then gave him one of his cards, and, stating that this was her reception day, hurried him off, that he might arrive there before the general company. He further ap- pointed to dine together at Very >/in the Palais-Eoyal, at six. Gustave borrowed five francs of his friend. With this he bought gloves, had hie boots cleaned, and hired a cab. At two o'clock he was before the superb hotel of the Countess de Montdely. He rang, and, entering the large and well-paved court, inqui red of a tall menial if the countess were visible. The man hesitated, but rather civilly, as doubtful of admitting a stranger at that hour. Gustave produced the card and note. The domestic bowed, and showed the young man up a splendid flight of stairs in a gorgeous salon. He then again bowed respect- fully, took the card and note, and retired. Scarcely ten minutes had elapsed before Gustave, who was ad- miring a rich collection of pictures, was interrupted by the quick entrance of a lady. He started involuntarily, and then bent profoundly to a lovely young creature, blue eyed, fair-haired, and sparkling with animation. She was not more than three and twenty. " Be seated, monsieur, pray," she said, after a rapid glance at the artist's eyes, ia which stood fresh . started tears ; " my cousin is a most strange person. He quite forgets the Revolution and the death of my hus- band. He writes as if ray husbaud were alive and enjoying the coufldenco of the late King. This is most annoy I ing. It is true that when my husband was alive-he has been dead two years-I had some little influeuce, and could serve my friends." "Madame," exclaimed Gustave, rising, not wholly able to disguise his sorrow, *' I am very, very sorry-" " Monsieur, are you aware of the contents of this letter?" asked the young widow, somewhat impatiently. " Madame, J understood it to be a note recommending me to your notice for some modest place," be replied. The countess handed it to the artist, who with burning cheeks read in it every detail of his misery and suffer- ing. He rose again, his eyes droopiug with humiliation and shame, anJ, muttering something about the folly of Eugene, was about to rush wildly from the room. " Monsieur, have a little regard for me," said the countess, somewhat quickly, but evidently with much emotion, at the same time ringing her bell. A servant came. "Deny me to everybody. I wish to consult with monsieur about tho Eastern Gallery, and about my por- trait, which Monsieur V. has BO long neglected. Let the gallery be ready in half an hour ;" .and then she con- tinued, when they were once more alone, " I am rich, fond of pictures, and shall be proud to find yon employ- ment suited to your talents. Do you paint portrait« ?" " That Diana Poitiers over your own picture is raine. Eugene bought it of me two years ago," said the artist, modestly. ^ ** It is the only politeness I ever received from him. I hope you will paint me as well," said the countess, not without much satisfaction, for the painting was full ot talent and promise. " Madame, you offer to take a poor, unfriended artist by the band. I can never show my gratitude," cried Gus- tave. The countess shook her head, and led the way, affcr some further con- versation, to the. picture gallery. While waiting for this to. be ready, Gustave told his whole story. The countess pressed him so delicately be could not refuse, especially wheo Eugene had told the worst. Madame de Montdely casually explained that she bad married the aged ambassador, who had been her husband, to settle some dispute claims about estates, at an age when she had uo will of her own. . Both of an imaginative cast of mind, thecountess and tue artist soon be- came good friends, and before an hour had got rid of all the reserve of stran- gers! The widow, used to the world and all kinds of society, found pleasure in the talk of an ambitious, talented, but poor artist; and when «he came to settle with him the hours of her sittings, the best position, and other details, they were already on familiar terms. Gustave was a gentleman in every, .sense, of the word, aud this the lady kaw. At last the young artist took his bi to go, long before the countess seemc at all inclined to be weary with h company. She then told him th; several public men dined, that day £ her table, and she should be happy f see him. Gustave remembered h engagement at six, and politely d< dined. He did not mention wit whom he was engaged, lest he migl be tempted to disappoint him who ba served him so efficaciously. The com tess seemed a little surprised at h not accepting her invitation, and a his preferring to keep an engagemec at the Palais Boyal. " Poor, handsome, talented, modest unhackneyed in the ways of tb world,1' said the countess, as she sa musing alone after his departure "this has always been my idea Married at seventeen to a good ol man, a former diplomatist, who wa like a second father to me, thrust inti the society of nothing but politicians I always dreamed of taking a rea husband from the talented crowd o struggling geniuses. One has fallei in my way. I like him much, am fancy I shall like him more. H 6eems a man of honour and principle That is ali I ask, for I will neve marry a man to whom I cannot con fide my property. Ta ! ta ! ta ! hen am I, like a wild girl, talking o marrying, and I know nothing of th< mau ! Who is he going to dine witl to-day ? If I knew, Í might judg< him better." The countess rang, and ordered hei carriage and her companion tn accom pany her-auother protege raised fron misery. lu ten minutes more she wat on her way to the Palais Boyal, and soon lounging along the arcades as ii in search of something. It was just nix o'clock, and 6he san Gustave walking in the garden, before the cafe ot the Rotonde, as if waiting for some one. The gay young countess felt a little annoyed at her own curiosity, but the desire to know who was his companion in the dinner over- come all. A quarter past six, and still no one came. Gustave went and looked in at Very's, but the person he expected waB not there. Then the countess 6aw him turn bis back to the crowd and count MB money. It seemed only a few coppers. Half-past sis, and Gustave seemed to grow impatient. The poor fellow was hungry. He seemed anxious and doubtful. Sud- denly he darted away towards the Eue Vivienne. The countess, who was beginning a second round in the arcade, stood still and looked, all the while leaning on the arm of the astonished Mademoiselle Fonsec. In five minutes, Gustave came back with a small loaf iu his hand, which he began to break and eat. No one noticed him. He still walked up and down, but evidently not as if he ex pected a dinner. Suddenly, us he began his second loaf, a thought seemed to strike him, and he moved in the direction of the Faubourg St. Germain. But in a minute he stop- ped, looked at the soiled gloves, felt his cravat, and turned back. De- cidedly he would dine on dry bread. The countess now hurried back to her carriage, convinced that Gustave was to have dined with some one, and not someone with him. The whole force of the affair was now in the question : Was he to have dined with a man or with a woman ? Lucie De Montdely, in all her ex- perience'in society, young and beauti- ful as she was, had never been in any way affected by the passion of love. Neither was she now. But the talent and misfortune of the young and handsome artist had excited in ber an interest she had never felt before; young as she was, she was quite per' suaded that, should enquiry satisfy her as to his honourable character, she would feel much more. About twelve o'clock the next day, Gustave rang at the door of Eugene Marsouin, Catherine opened it, and to his surprise, he found the Countess and Mademoiselle De Fonsec break*. fasting with the indolent Eugene, «ho was, however, trying to look amiable and eager to oblige. He looked in- tensely relieved when he saw Gustave. " I came," said Gustave, after pay- ing his respects to the ladies, " to re- proach you with keeping me an hour i waiting for you ia the Palais Royal, j 1 refused an invitation to dine witt Madame la Comtesse, because you had made me promise to dine with you al VeryV " Fatal mistake ! " cried Eugene with a tragic air. " I was so confused yesterday morning I must have said Very's; but it was my day for the Cafe de Paris, where I waited dinner an hour for you. Why didn't you speak to the garçon ?-he would have told you." " So, monsieur," said the countess, with a smile, which unconsciously was radiant, " you deserted me for my cousin ? I shall punish him by mak- ing him dine with me to-day ; and as I know his indolent habits I shall send a carriage for him. You recol- lect, Monsieur De Simonet, that this day at two is my first sitting. Will you take a seat in my carriage ? " Gustave accepted, and that after- noon the picture was commenced. I Three times a week did the young man stand before the canvaB and strive to make a copy of the living, breathing, beautiful being before him ; but it was more difficult than he expected; The beauty, grace, and unaffected, charm- ing character of the young widow, the easy and elegant familiarity of her tone to her protege-Mademoiselle De Fonsec was always the companion of these sittings- the real nobleness of i her character, and, above ali, the deep gratitude he felt for her kindness to him, produced a result which would have been surprising if it had not been produced. Gustave made hardly any progress with his picture. About two months had passed away. It was May, and the three were in the very midst of a sitting. Lucie was leaning back m her chair, while Gus- tave corrected some defects in the ex- pression of the countess's eyes. A servant suddenly summoned Made- moiselle De Fonsec away. As the door closed behind her the artist let his pencil fall. He stood pale, almost with tears in his eyes, before the lovely woman. '* Madame la Comtesse, I give it up. I cannot complete your picture ; it is a vaia attempt. I am not worthy to do so " " What mean you, sir?" " Madame, I am frank and honest. I have looked too often on your face for two months past. Nb artist caa paiut the features of her with whom he is madly, hopelessly in love." The countess closed her eyes for an instant, and spoke not ; then she arose, and, advancing near to the young man, who stood with his eyes fixed on the unfinished portrait, said " Why hopelessly, Gustave?" laying her hand on his arm. Half an hour later, when Mademoi- selle De Fonsec returned and entered the room unannounced, she started back, and would have retired. Gus- tave was kneeling at the countess's feet, one hand in his, the picture ot proud, unalloyed happiness. Lucie was speaking in a low tone, and tell- ing him of some project for their mutual happiness. " Come in, Laura/' said the coun- tess, with a sweet smile," and share our happiness. We are affianced and all the world must soon know it." It was in June, and at the church of the Madeleine. The door was crow- ed by carriages, lt was a splendid wedding; all the fashionables of Paris were present, aud all the leading-men in the arts, for a rich and beautiful member of the circles of the Faubourg St. Germain was giving her hand to a young and talented artist. There were some sneers about the matter, but only a few. Most persons agreed that it was a well assorted match. The pair were equal in all but money, and Gus- tave brought genius while Lucie brought gold. He was, even iu those days, her equal. It was a very warm day, and the crowd smiled as Eugene Marsouin, with a grim countenance, ascended the steps of the splendid church. The poor man suffered intensely from heat and a day of dissipation. He had actually risen at ten o'clock. But he was really attached to both Lucie and GuBtave, and he did not seriously grumble. He strongly resisted, however, an invitation into the country; but at last he yielded, ana fipeut the autumn of the, year with the happy couple. 1 He has, moreover, so far broken iu j upon his habits as to dine once a week ] with them during the season ; and he j never fails, after the first glass of wine,1 to deplore his mistake about the invi- tation to Gustave, and to apologise for giving the other so poor a dinner in the Palais Roy ul. The husband and wife always laugh, and I hope they always may. Certainly iu all my experience of life, which has been varied enough, though short, I know not a happier pair, a more deserving couple, than .Gustave and Lucie De Siniouet. Their love is founded on mutual esteem, and no worldly feeling has any share in its composition. They advise Eugene to follow their example; but he declares that he could never endure a courtship and a wedding, to say nothing of the chance of finding a wife who would bear with his eccentricities. But perhaps in time he may envy the happiness of his cousins. We shall see. 