I MELBOURNE PRESB YTET17, ' j ... ...... , „ I A special meeting of tho members of tho | .Melbourne PrcsbyterJ was held in tho Awcroblr Hall, Collins-street, yesterday, for tho purposn I of taking into consideration the call from tho Scots Church congregation to Eev. Goo. Duds, and Dr. Morrison's complaint against tho tame, ami the transaction of other business. There was a good attendance, ami the Rev. T.. V. M'Gregor occupied the moderator's chair. Tho body of tho hall was filled with ladies and gentlemen, who took an interest in tho case, and who listened attentively to tho arguments advanced on both sides. After transacting sorao business of minor importance, tho presbytery proceeded to the hearing of tiir foots' church call. The Rev. A. Yule moved — Tim: the Prc-ayicnr haviug lieunl the commissioner and Dr. Momvm'. c.mtpUinr, tlmi that iu so far as this coiujila nt :-crm to clurps the minister called with ntifaoutid or defective teaching, it will require further consideration, ami uuy involve lengthened inquiry, bufas tu the other parts of the complaint, and con- sldorif.i: nil the circumstance, especially that tho minister (ailed has been intimately connected with tho rebellion against the docti iuc ami discipline of the church ia which the majority of the congregation were lately cnirijjcd, that, :t considerable minority have not stib- srtiU'd the call, h:uI thai there is uo reasonable pros pect of the react »ud prosperity of the church heitur promoted by susmuthig it ; the presbyters are satisfied that it i$ tinadviaahlo to proceed to a settlement under the call, ami do not sustain it. The Rev. J. Hay said ihat lio wished to point out, before Mr. Yulo proceeded to speak to tho motion, that tho law of tho Presbyter.' was that before an appeal of that kind was dealt wxili, a motion lor sustaining tho call must bu given. Tho Rev. ilr. Ynlc replied that his motion sustained part and reserved part. The Rev. Mr. M'Eaohrausaid that the motion was a thoroughly legitimate one, and Mr. Yulo should be allowed to go on. The Moderator ruled that Mr. Yule should proceed. The Roy. Mr. Hay continued that without de siring to irritate tho Presbytery or to appear to disturb tho proceedings, ho wanted to learn for his own part and for others, if tho first Uiing they had to do was not to sustain or ap prove of tho regularity of the call. In all church courts tho call was always dealt with before? objections wero heard, and that was wlial- ought to bo dono hero before Dr. Morrison' appeal was discussed. The Moderator replied that what tho Presby tery was now doing was covered by tho rule, feigned by a proper representative, tho call was to bo sustaiued unless tho Presbytery became satisfied that it was inadvisable to proceed to a sottlemcnt uuder the call, and they wero trying' to satisfy themselves. Tho Rev. A. Hardio pointod out that another4 rulo dealt more strongly with the matter. It said that whon a complaint was submitted t<r tho Pcsbytory tho complainants stated thoir cases and tho commissioners stated their reply. Both parlies having been heard, tho Presbytery' had to adjudicate, and if either party wero not- satisfied such party had tbo right to appeal to- tho Presbyterian Assembly, The complainauts, therefore, had to speak first, and inasmuch na tbo call was sustained iu two parts in the mo tion, aud a third part reserved, tho motion, came within this rule. . Tho Rev. Mr. Yulo, in speaking to tho mo tion, said that ho supposed tho first parY of it would not provoke much difference of o; inion. It would not bo alleged that tho ob jections takou by Dr. Morrison wore frivolous or vexatious, nor would it bo supposed by many that a matter liko that could bo very speedily disposed of. But as to the second parr of his motion thoro might ho more differences' of opinion, tho Recond part being that they should put tho objections about defective doc trine aside and go on to tho other things which had been objected to. On account of this ex pected difference of opiuion ho would address himself ehicfiy to th-j sccoud part of his mo tion. The constitutional doctrine of the Church of Scotland, and tho doctrine oi; their own book of forms, slated that- tho Presbytery had tho power to receive nnd adjudicate ou calls, and tbo power of sustain ing or rejecting calls. Tho functions of tho Presbytery at this juncture were uot merely those of a returning officer, to sco that tho pro ceedings were correct, but to consider the whole case, tho iuterests of tho congregation, both of those who did, and who did not, sigu the call, and tho interests of tho church at. largo, as well as that particular church. A call- was novor rejected without sufficient reason, ami what ho now contended was that, although in the casp before tbo Presbytery tho requisite' iuiuimum number of signatures had been ob tained by great efforts, tbero wero good ami sufficient reasons tor not sustaining tho call. In order to do justice in a easo like this, it was requisite that it should bo divided into two parts, the part referring to tho complaint uf detect ivo doctrine being taken up separately from that part alleging other consideration, as tho methods which justice and fairness required for arriviug at a decision in uuo sortufcasc wore totally different to thoso which wero roquiml for dealing with another matter in tbo samo spirit. When objections wero taken to a. minister's soundness in tho faith, or to hi moral character, tho Presbytery must look fur proof of tho fault as in theso cases a minister'. present standing aud hiu right to retain it were involved, aud tbo Presbytery required to bo convinced that ho had dono something to forfeit; bis position before, by any act or vote of theirs, he was doprived of it, but wheu tho point of tho general suitability of a luau for a position which ho did not occupy was under considera tion, they must uot by voto or act put him into that position if thoy wero convinced that ha was uot suited for it, but uudor such circum stances they wore bound to refuse the" assent; uecessnry for iho appointment. In tho ono caso tho Presbytery acted as judges in trying thn accused, aud in tho other they acted" as onu houso of tho legislature, confirming tho actiou of tho other when that other had tho iu- itiativo. If there was any doubt, the ac cused should havo tho benefit of it; but, on tho other hand, if a person wore proposed lo them for approbation, as a fit aud suitable minister for % certain congregation, and tlu> Presbytery doubted whether such waa the case, then they must not put him into the position without proof of his lltucss aud suit-ability. Iguoranco of that poiut, and perhaps the un conscious effect of passionate prejudice, waa likely to causo confusion iu the considerations with regard to ono mutter being incorporated with those appertaining to another issue. If in all other respects, except unsoundness and de fective teaching, Mr. Dods wero fouud to be lib aud suitable, theso faults would then havo to bo iuquircd into ; but if, on tho contrary, thero wero serious reasons for thinking that apart from tbo charge of error tho call ought not to bo sus tained, thoso reasons ought to bo considered by thcniKolvcs. If the Presbytery were convinced as ho was, that enough reason had already been given, independently of thoso grounds, why this call should not be proceeded with, it was right, to say so now. If a railway board wero asked to confirm the appointment of a signat man aud wero assured tiiat tlie man was color blind, and that he was also dishonest, they would decline to appoint him bccauso ho was color . blind, and they would nob delay their re fusal, whether tho other charge bo sustaiued or not. They should therefore see if thoro wero any other grounds why they should sustain tho appeal besides the grouud of defoctivo doctrine. It would bo unfair to all interests to delay dealing with tho other part of tho caso till the conclusion of such an investigation, un less no other 'course was open to them ! But another courso was opeu to them. He would not go minutely iuto all tho poiuts of Dr. Morrison's complaint. Dr. Morrison com plained that Mr. Dods had not sufficient ability, experience or force of character. They saw that Mr. Dods was a youug man, whoso doiugs therefore ought to bo charitably construed, who&o; direction in life might yet tie altered ii it be amiss. They had heard, and boh'evo that Mr. Dods was a scholar, and therefore they must concludo that tho .ecclesiastical and theo logical position of tho party who hud put him forward must bo hotter known to him than it seems to bo to some of themselves. The chier thing was Mr. Dods's connection with tho re bellion, in which tho church for two years was engaged. Tho reholliou originated iu the . Higinbotham. lecture, aud In that unfortunate episode Mr. Dods was involved, lie need uot tell liio presbytery thati in that lecture tho essentials of Christian ity were rejected, uud all the articles of tho . Apostles' Creed disowned except Vim first. Yet, when at tbo closo of tho lecture Mr. Jeffrey moved a voto of thanks to tho lecturer for what ho. termed 44 tho magnificent aud highly edifying dis- course," Mr. Dods secondod tho motion. That hpprobation of tho lecture Mr. Dods had ucvor, so far as ho (tbo speaker) know, re tracted or modified, and though ho was not tbo chief offeuder ou that occasion, bo was, in hlu subordinate place, a participant iu tho blamu attaching to that night's work; as he after wards was in I ho strenuous efforts which u tho aggressive party," as Mr. Dick happily termed them, made to secure toleration for such teaching in our church. That party very speedily commenced their ag gressive attack on tho doctrine and order of tho Church. Mr. Strachan had assured tho pres bytery that though Mr. Dods went to tho schismatic meetings which wero held, with & view to promote iho Scots' Church Property Bill, and though he invoked the blessing of God ou them, lent a quasi-sacred sanction to their rebellious proceedings, ho did uot approve of everything; he did uot approve, probably, of their going to Parliament. It was not bo bo supposed that all who supported tho bill thought it the wisest or tho best thing to do. They concluded, on tho evidouco already produced from iho record of tho board of management, that Mr. Dods was compromised in the rebellious and schismatic proceedings of tbo aggressive party in tho Scots' Church. If it was said than Mr. Dods went to thoso schismatic meotinga because ho was asked, because the members of the board of management induced him to coma against his better judgment, thon another cod elusion must bo drawn, namely, that in a gig / ccisiu ho noted tho part, of a wcakhDg, v / olovt r tnrti twisted round their finders and bent to thoir crooked way la that c.u o the Wamo must bo less so far as Mr. Dud was con- coriif ,1, hut tbu supposition wan i-qu.klly fatal yilii the former one aA to its b»:ar:m: on tho fit it;- of Mr. Dod? after that to he m.nraUT of lu:> t»cot V Church, v.- here these thiuM were uo:f. Whou Lv pr<?.«by tonal visitation of the ro'i .r, :utiou, under iu>lruitiuii:)cf iho General A. -u.cjy, v.it'u a view to ikmc-;, was set about hy in-.' presbytery, and after the pr» abyt-ery had J..\< I a time for tho visitation with that pur- j'Coi, wnat did tLo a.-r-iive pari do ? in a in jar v List v-ar, txpcuUng that, as the end of -ai\ Ujv, o original appointment ua assistaut l.mtnsicr wr. scorning, tho presbytery would inmst n:_\0ty;'rs preaching & tho vacant pulpit, a con- Eregaiiounl jiK'otiuj-j was culled and two things nciv ntluiioLod to bo done. They tried illegally to re- aj'j-.oiiit Mr. Dodds as assistant minister, a .id io lake on Mr. JSiroiig as a missionary to lue congregation — ooth things without the fc»aueliuu oi tho session or iho presbytery. If thus wa», not an act of war against tho presby tery and tho General Assembly what was itr .tho results wore seen in tho disgraceful riots v\ men ensued when Iho presbyfcerial visit was attempted. They might bo told that Mr. Pods el d nc, t approve of tho riot. Hut again Mr, jJorf:, was ouco morn, so to say, thrown at tho pioMi\ Lery, used against tho church's efforts to restore peace. Tho presbytery had to look at their actions when they so used Mr. Dods in judging whether it was lilting that ltd bhou«u ho their minister. Tlio presbytery had regarded Mr. Pods as ono whom the lapse of time would remove to soaie other place, for up to that period there was not, so far as thoy kuew, nny desire or intention to call him as minister, though he had tor moro than a year been oc cupying the vacaut puipit. When tho pres bytery in Juno lust year took tho supply of the fc'cots' Church pulpit into its own hands a new development occurred. The right wing of tho nggressivo party set up tho morning service for Mr. Strong in tho Temperance liall, and tho Jeifc wing got up a paper, in which they put down their names as willing to call Mr. Dods. 3t had been said that this was not a pledge, hut he wondered what could bo called a pledge if H.iat was not. The presbytery and tho session of tho Scots' Church hud bccu asking the con gregation to declare their loyalty by subscribing a paper, aud a few of them did it. The idea came to bo pretty freely expressed in public circles how that by calling Mr. Dods tbey could, Xo uec the classic language oiLordBcaconeiield, " , A tho I'toahytery. (Laughter.-) Who could fail to see that that early pledge, taken at a 't une when people wore irritated at the action ad tho presbytery in making Mr. Doris's occu pation of tho pulpit cease, mm-l have had its 'influence when t call did como to be moderatod in, and when Mr. Dick, who had taken a load ing part in that June document, told Ibem that tuey were bound in honor to call Mr. Dods? If ithis was uot using undue inilueuco to procure a jrall, it was certainly using undue influence to promote it. Again., a congregational meeting was ho d m tho month of October, at which Jar. Dods was present, and at that meeting, for ithe first time publicly in tho presbytery's pre sence, Mx. Dods's nanio was muutioued |py Mr. Johnston© as the man they fwishcd to oalL In this same speech CU r. Johnstone propounded the theory of (subscription ho the standards which would turn signatures into a mockery or a profanity. Mr. pods was present at tho meeting, and when in (response to tho presbytery's invitation to do- IcJare that they were proparod to call a minister pvfao would teach according to the standards Km 0 c5)USrsatiou passed an evasive resolution, jJur. Dods held up his hand and voted for it. Jhere was a minority in tho Scots' Church to no considered also. Dr. Morrison wa3 woll known tto tho presbytery, and though tho motion pro posed refused to enter on tho statements about jdefocUve doctrine which Dr. Morrison mado, jtho presbytery could not, even if they would, overlook the fact that ho mado them now jdoubt that ho believes them to ho correct. It |Vas a fact, also, that tho commission did not .in their roply controvert or correct Dr. Mor- poon. Was tho presbytory to bo a party to (thrusting upon a loyal minority a kind of toach- jjug which they object to, whatever it might be .in other respects? Though Mr. Dods were a IJJrypio -evangelical, ho (Mr. Youl) would not, if Jie wanted tho poaco and prosperity of that fckurod, voto for this call. What would be tho jConse.()uenco if tho motion was agreed to ? ,1 irst, they would have to meet with 6torm of .abuse and misrepresentation ; tho wholo anti- iCuristian. press and publio would raiso a cry ngamtii tyranny, oppression, and arbitrary acts, ..lust as they had done at every juncture when the presbytery had tried to maintain tho truth rii tho Gospel against the aggression of error. .Iney would hear threatening of various kinds, xind I.inientatipns also over their want of the (Jjiis Jan spirit which peace at any price people )mag.mo llicy possess; and some of tho Scots' Lhurcli people, it was said, would go off to the (Juurcli of England, some to worso places, possibly; but the really loyal would' remain, lie raw no possibility of present peace. If their opponents succeeded in their efforts to force ou this settlement, surely they knew mat it meaut trouble and strifo for years to ci- mc. Events had shown in regard to former conloudings, for which tho prosbj'tery were bitterly edusured and denounced, that lliey were all the time doing no more than their duty. Let them do ilieir duty now, and events would perhaps justify them again in their own time. But v. nether they did or did not, tho presbytery must do tlio right, and leave tho issue with God. The Dev. J. A. Stewart rose to second tho jjuotion. Ho admitted that if was thoroughly OQQ sided, in the sense that it made no com promise with wallers which could not bo compromised. j Dr. M'Donald said he would not movo an .amendment, hut a negative. He came to tho mooting iu the hope that he would bo able to jBupporb whatever motion would be submitted jby Mr. Yulo aud his friends, as he" felt that tho presbytery was at a very import- jant crisis of this long and woarisome business, and tliat things might take the turn which ho was always anxious thoy should do in Iconuoction with the Scots Church caso, so that (Iho presbytery might proceed judicially and deal with any question that came up on tbo ground of their constitution and thoir law. Jdr. Yule'a motion was not a proper motion. ' It .was not tho duty of Mr. Yule nor anyone ®lso to movo that this call bo not' bus- jtained, for the presbytery was af present iconsidcring tho appeal of Dr. Morrison fond under those circumstances Air. Yule Bhould gather move Jthat tho call bo sustained, so phr as Air. Yulo saw, it could b'o sustained, pine-tenths of tho matter which Air. Yulo had brought before tho meeting was altogether oUt jrrf place. There were three points Which Dr. Morrison had maintained, firstly, that tho con- pgrogation of Scots Church should have ,eent # homo and got a minister "of standing and experience, which tliey did Inot do. Dr. Morrison also appealed on the grounds of Mr. Dods alleged' complicity (with tho congregation in this matter, ahd'that Mr. Dod's teaching was defective. Tho latter was an appalling charge," and homing from b .man of such standing and character as Dr. Morrison, it ought certainly to bo inquired into, Ibufc in regard to what Air. Yulo had said about XIio minority who objected to Mr. Dods, ex planations on his (Air. Yule's) sido, could bo eivon with reference to tho minority. Ho (Dr. M'Donald) had, however, nothing to do with lhat. After tho roll was purged, Mr. Mackenzie brought up the call, iind' submitted it as a competent call. He (Dr. McDonald) did not prge that it was not tho duty of the presbytery to inquire into tho call, oven after ;at was produced, hut if there were auy 'acous<v |tion against Mr. Dods' now was the time to dnquire into it instead of putting it off until jtho Grf:ek Kalends. Was it fair, manly or (reebyterian to bring forward now an objection to the call on the tno email grounds, and put rdf dealing with the Borious matter ndvnfiidtimt He could not do it. (ApplauBo.) Tb6 best .thing, in his opinion, whioh could bo dono was to put aside the two small points, rind deal !with this very solemn and ' importaut imatter. Tho only motion which Air. Yule had & right to 'propose on tho grounds of his own statement at this stago was that tho appeal on fJiese two iwints bo sustained, but he (Dr. 3M 'Donald) had also tho right on the other haud to propose that they bo dismissed, which bo very cordially would do. It would bo a vory uenous, grave and cruel matter to refuso this call just because Air. Dods was present at and opened a certain meeting which had been mentioned, with prayer. This was about two ?rears ago, and on ono occasion thoir respected friend the Rev, W, Q. Krasor opened a certain meeting with prayer at Essondon, and not much was said about it. (A voice : He was removed.) Yes, Air. Eraser had been removed from tho building, but not from Eeseudon. Mr. 'Eraser was uot treated as an offender. He thought tho presbytery was in tho way of not doing justice (to Mr. Dods although he felt as Rtrongly as Mr. Yulo or anyone olao as to tho defective doctrine alleged against Mr. Dods. He moved That the appeal be dismissed oa the first two points. Tlio Rev." IV. G. Eraser seconded tho amend ment. With regard to Bin, tho supreme Deity, tbo Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, he would not bo any party to complicity with ro- gord to any preacher omitting to deal with . things of that kind, and tho appeal against Mr. Dods should bo gono on with on that charge, but until Mr. Dud's alleged defcctivo icachiug was inquired iuto and evidouco sub mitted, ho would ask tho presbytery to try <o di8abu.vo their luinds of this charge of defective teaching, and what would they ;find? a call had been presented, yvhich was almost unanimous, inasmuch as only one man had proposed an amendment, arid lh?t was not seconded. Tlio rights of tbo people had not been sufficiently advocated in this matter. The" presbytery told all its con gregations that ihey had the right of calling any minister to the church if three-fifths of tho membership signed thq call before it bo sus tained. This cull had been accepted with more than tho required number of members, there being nuly ono diswutiont, and tbo rights of y tho peoplo were that, firstly, there should \jjoL be a minister in tbo church ho was wrong in his fai;h, and if 1hore was who said that lie did not know thero was \a thine as cwn tho Hc!y Ghost, tho \ rri-'sliyt.ry Iml 1,-n clnint Lilly rnmlM in not bringing that mm out, an-.l having th«» «hur?,h cb'Ai.s.,!. no that the rongr'gation fhnuM :wt hav« b...|j JH ;iAtrav by dcoting u-di a man lor a call. His feeling wum lf, i.tmtain the call hp a (m.-pcl call, but in vb-v .>f jfi,. tn u..» in ruurt, that stat- -nont I b takrn town and invest igat-d. in the rbu.-.-h with which bn was n,imPr:!o:i in tiU early days, the sustaining of a «:all di ! rt>l Kirhy mean trav» liitig on to ordination or in- ductton. iho members of the Scots Church and Mr. Dods had already been iniiilntod and punished fur thoir former conduct, aud he con tended it was not fair to bring up their past deeds fur review in this way whvii tbev had already submitted to discipline. It was" very Jfn/a«r f Dr. Al'Douald to refer to his (Mr. Frasers) case, for if ho had committed had bowed to the decision of the church aud they had condoned iU Tho referenco hurt his leeliuge very much. Mr. H. R. Rcid said that every congregation had an undeniable right to call its own minister, and was not to he dictated to by presbytery or assembly, minister or parson. That being ad mitted, tbcu only under extreme circumstances would a presbytery be justified in interfering with the eacrcd privileges ot any congregation. The commissioners who woro present at the last meeting proved the necessity of a call being made. Mr. Dick bad told the presbytery of how families were being separated, in consequouce of the action which had been going on in con nection with Scot-3 Church. The congregation had been practically unanimous iu calling Mr. Dods. Old wounds should be healed up whero- cver possible. He endeavored to point out that Dr. Morrison stood alone in hi.s accusations against Mr. Dods, and referred to him as a man who was fond of airing his own opinions, and setting them up agaiust everybody else. Ho spoke in favor of Air. Dods' call being sus tained, and supported Dr. M'Donald's amend ment. Tho Rev. D. V. Ballantyne expressed himBcli dissatisfied both with the motion and atuend- mont. Tho latter did not go far enough, aud tho motion made certain assumptions which were not proved, aud might bo true or false. It would be very unfortunate indeed if in this case the appearance cif ihjustico should attach to tho proceedings of tho presbytery, abd to avoid this an inquiry should be made to deal with tho charges against "tbo Rev. Mr. Dods. Ab neither the motion nor tbo amendment pro- poscd this procedure, ho would "support neuhor. The Rev. Mr. Alartta "moved a further amend ment: — # Tlmt the cull bo allowed to lie on the table, and that, in obedience to the instructions of tho last General As sembly, the I Jar. Mr. Dods be oxuiuiucd on the doc- f tic JS church before the cull' bo stisUindd ui rc- Ho esprcBsod himself surprised that the Kev. Mr- Yulo. should U'a'vo indicated that 'Mr. Dods had no footiug in the Presbytoriim Church, lor although he was a humble and unattached minister Ur. Dods had" his rights, and (ha charges against hint should ' be uqufred into. It soomed to him, to travesty the words' in •re ference to Dr. IT ell, that sonie members of the presbytery regarded tho accused gentleman un favorably — We do nol. like tlico, Mr. Dods, The reason why it makes no odds. (Laughter.) 'Ho considered that not to in quire into the charges would not only put the presbytery' iii an unpleasant position iii the 3?s. fko public, but would be effectively ruining Mr. Dods's character,' Ho characterised tuo Rev. Mr. Yulo1o motion as a vcry'bruel oue. ' T- " " ' „!» Dev. Mr. Abnrnethy seeonded tho Kev. sir. Martin u amendmeiit on' the same grounds as the mover had proposed it. H6 al'so ex- prosscd bnnsclf disappointed with Mr.' Yule's speech, which, instead of burying the past, hiid torn open old soreS' again ' And again. Ho (Mr. Aborncthy) and those on his sido were prepared to surrender, anything exCent principle for the salce' of peace,' ettpecially ' as tim Scots' Church had' recently shown' overy desire to not in "accordance with tho wishes of the presbytery." So' far as' matters' had' gone, ho contended that the' ptc'sbytery' had no reasonable grounds for refusing to sustain tlie call, aud all tho " questions required'' for the congregation to answer satisfac torily had booh answered properly," and there was no good ground for tho statement made by tho liov. Jlr. Yulo, that Mr.' Dods 'was' being forced on un' unwilling minority of the Scots' Church, as tho call was almost unanimous. On' 'the charge of Mri Dods having taught a cold morality for mouths as a probationer; the presbytery ought to have prevented hint from ' preaehilii!- thus before, in stead of waiting till ho received ' if call and then thwarting the Congregation " At ally rate tho charges against Mr. Dods ought" to he at once inquired into, ' as otherwise if they rejected the caso they did 'a seriout in'jury'to Mr. Dods. He urged ihcm to try Ultl man 'first, aud then if 'he deserved it punish' hifai: Tho publio would take the sido of the liresuytery if thoy did tliis. It was for tlie presbytery j.o see that tub stigma was removed or tlio 'allegation sustained as speedily impossible. Ko' oiio at tached auy iipportanco to the statement' tliat Mr. Dods was commuted' with the rebellious party of tho church. They had como to a very sad crisis fu tho church.' They hiuf had this ciiso before thorn for a very 'long ''tiiiie" Another phase ' of 'the ciso had uoiv come. The Scots' Church congregation hud called a minister of tho Church of Scotland. Charges were made against the miuister, iind the members of The congregation cah'io forward and urged the 'presbyfcry to call thitt miiiistor. The pieshy wry Bhould take tho manly coifleo of examining into these charges) allowirig'the call to lie on the table until the charges were cleared or snbstahiiiited. 'The Rev. S." Khbinson said that just as tho congregation had a right to call a minister, 6o the Presbytery had a right to exercise its wisdom in regard to the call placed borore them. The latv was that a call "was sus tained unless they deemed 'it inadvisable" to proceed to a KOttleipeut. ' Again, if' an appeal was taken 'to the assembly after the presbytery had sustained the call the assembly could override that call, and therefore he argued that tho presbytery could dismiss the Call made by tho oongieatibn. The question was, " What is the greatest benefit for tlie con- gregation'Y" Tho congregation chose a man in their own interests, hot in tho interests of tho minister called. Of course Iho presbytery never meant to shelvo tho iuquiry.into Mr. Dods's' al leged heresy. It was Mr. Alartin's amendment winch shelved the question, and mado the pres bytery put Mr. Dods on the samo "platform is ail ministers who received li call. Ho might state that vhuihrs of Mr. Dods unsoundness wore floating in the air before 'thoy were crystal lised by Dr. Horrisdn.ThiKjuestiouof heresy must bo investigated. (Hfear, hoar.) It w;as due to Mr. Dods and the liresbytery that thero should lib au inquiry. H the question of heresy had lievor come before the presbytery he would havo declined to sustain Mr. Dods's call; in cou- sequonco of all tlidt lhat gent lemen hiidhooti con nected with in the' jiast. Many members of the jireabytory deemed it Inexpedient to sustain Mr. Dods's call for very matiy reason's. (Hear, heir.) Tho presbytery could not deal with Mr. Dods until somo complaint was mado Against hith. Kow that a complaint' had been made it would bo dealt with. The iicots' Church congre gation seemed to forget that Mr. Dods had been removed from tho Scots' Church pulpit supply. The presbytery- w'o'ro iiot" interfering with the liberty of Mr. Dods or noting tyrannically "with tho congregation ; they were "acting entirely in accordance with the laws ot the church. Tho llev. J'. Hay moved the following amend ment : — " ' — Tliat the first aud second part of Dr. Morrison's com plaint to Uic snstnUiIng' of tlio call bo dismissed, and that the call meanwhile lic'on ihe table, and bo neither sustained or refused Until Mr. Dods' Is fully examined, in accordance with tho law of tho church. ' This was a comhinatiou of Dr. Macdonuld's motion and tho Hov. Mr. Martin's. Another important crisis had come in tho' church'.' No one more regretted the dissatisfaction' that existed in tho presbytery and in tho church than bo did. It was a matter of regret that thoy appeared before tho public as always en gaged in theological disputes,' and that thoy bad to sit on diflfercnt sides of the church. The Rev. J. Hay mode a lengthy speech in favor ot Mr. Dods. He traversed Dr. Morrison's conduct for tho past few'yoars us ah elder of tho Scots Church, and indicated that that gontlomau's motives in complaining were not above suspicion. Dr. Morrison had upheld Mr. Strong's teaching for many years, and now in opposing Mr. Dods, who was associated with Mr. Strong, Dr. Morrison protested amongst other grounds because ho desired that a minister should liavo ' been got 'from homo; ho also said that ha was actuated in tho interests of truth in acting iu opposition, although when Mr. Dods came to tho colony he was rcceivcil hy Dr. Morrison without objection, and had been allowed to preach to Dr. Morrison without a Word of discontent being made by'that geiitiemau to Mr. Dods, and in Ute tame way Dr. "Morrison; although not satisfied with Mr. Strong's preaching two years ago had sat under hun with his pupils without ob jecting, personally, to' the minister, although ho complained "of it to Mr. J. C. Stewart. 1'orhaps Dr. Morrison," iu desiring another minister than Mr. Dods, would liko the Rev. 11. Frascr, Professor M'Donald or tbo Roy. Mr. Yule appointed, for homo ministers were not so eager to cctne out into this boiling cauldron to bitvo suspicion thrown upon their teaching directly they landed hero ; besidiis, a first clastr man at homo was able t6 get a far better salary than the Scots Church offered here, and tho salary was some consideration. Dr. Morri son did not know what ho was saying when he said it wns his intention to get a minister out hero to lead tho professors. (Laughter.) As to Dr. Morrison's charge that Mr. Dod.s was too young a man to tako tho church, Mr. Dods was an M.A. and D.D. at twenty-throe years of age, sud anyouo Who looked at Dr. Morrisou when at that ago could hardly have prophesied that ho would ever have become an LL.D. lie asked them to carefully consider Mr. Dods' position. Ho came out from England in the midst of turmoil, and endeavored not to associate himsoif pith either party. In reference 1 > Mr. IT. sis seconding a vote of thanks to Mr. Higiubotham for his lecture, it was on record that Mr. Dods was not supposed to agree with the loci-im, l et only seconded the i i 1 ; ! | .I , cut of courtesy to th" lecturer, Mr. lhrln van pm inti t he church hy til" jri IivI-t/. : :,:1 preached with tiie sanction of tie presbytery, and endeavored to k" p himself five from the turmoil, thinking tii.it it v." on Id in lime pass away anil that the church w ni l 1; brought into harmony with j tho presbyn ry Jn reference to tile presbytery pneiisiitg h> the congregation to call a man w in" would preach according to the standards "i this church, end Mr. Dods holding up his hand in support of an evasive amendment pro posed hy the congregation, ho held that Mr. Dods only exercised his right. Ho (Mr. Hay) had opposed the vory samo proiiosi- tiou made by the presbytery to the Scots' con- grvgatina. He objected to tlio presbytery i '" 'yi u t0 a congregation whom they should call. He next referred to Dr. Morrison's ohjeetions. Dr. .Morri-uh had no sup|iortcrs save his brother and Mr. M'Farlauc, and it was said of these men that they hud vested in terests. Ho combated Dr. Morrison's com plaint, and argued that he was a fit aud proper mau for the charge. Tho Rev. Mr. Martin withdrew his amend ment in favor of Mr. Hay's. Mr. J. Bunny seconded tho Rev. Mr. Hay's amendment. I'roiessor Rcntonl characterised Mr. Hay's speech as ono which might be very popular, out which would not have much weight. It was uot popular feeling which carried the dav in such serious matters. Dr. Morrison had done very much for Soots Church — a great deal moro than ho got credit for, and had more influence than somo persons wished to credit him with. Mr. l'ontoul, in tho course of a very ""U.apeoch, remarked, in reply to tho Rev. Mr. Hay s statement that home ministers were un likely to attracted out here, that in a recent church in Scotland where there was a" vacancy, there were no less than 250 candidates for a call. Mr. Dods, so Mr. Rcutoul was led to believe, had m some way been kopt in Victoria, with tho special view of bringing him forward for this Scots Chuvch call after Mr. Strong's removal, but tho propara- tion _ and endorsement which tho call had received was not sufiicieut to warrant tho presbytery in believing that the conviction of all tho Scots Church members were really with it, and lib contended that he for one could not act trustingly and heartily as a colleague with Mr. Dods, after tho experience he had of Mr. Dods' connection with the Strong rcyimc, for ho could uot clear Mr. Dods from the fact that ho had opposed tho church's authority iu every wav during that time of trouble, aud from tho impression that Mr. Dods was now frying to bocomo tho beneficiary through Mr. Stroug's' removal. He condemned Mr. Dods's action in seconding a vote of thanks to Mr. Higiubotham for his lecture. At considerable length ho endeavored to provo that by his conduct and the conduct of those who wished to call him, Mr. Dods was prevented from being disassociated with Mr. Strong and his teachings, and therefore was not a man whose call thoy could sustain. Ho argued that Mr. Dods was aware that a call was about to be mado to him, and he showed his determination to keep a grip of the Scots' Cbureh. Mr. Dods's con nection with the promotion of thb Australian Church aUo, he held, went to show that ho was uot a proper minister for tho Scots' Church.' Mr. Dods's connection with tho Scots' Church Would only perpetuate tho turmoil and trouble which, it was to be regretted, had existed in the past. If there was to ho liurmony in iho church tho only course open to them was to oppose this call. Dr. Morrison said that mention had been made of a letter which he had written to Mr. J. C. Stewart. He had declined to mention Mr. Stewart's name at their last meeting, because he considered the matter of a private character. SiuCQ then ho had seen Mr, Stewart, and had obtained permission to read tho letter. He particularly wished them to nolo the date of the lottor, viz., 6th March, 1886. In it ho called Mr. Stewart's attention privately to Mr. Dods's teaching, and told him that his (Dr. Morrison's) reason fpr not making a public ohargo was tho'disturhed state of affairs in con nection with the churob, and he did not wish to agravato tho turmoil in any way. In tho second place he stated in his letter that ho had not gono to Mr. Dods and spoken to him about it, because he thought it could bo mora effectively done by Mr. Stewart and Mr. Baillie, who were his friends. The Rev. Air. Yule, in reply, said the wholo question was : " Have we sufficient grounds in tho first two points of Dr. Mprrison's complaint, and what wo know besides, to set aside this call." Ho hold lhat they haih It would now be impossible to evade having Mr. Dods's principles examined iiito to seo if tliey were orthodox or not. Mr. Dods had never repudiated the assertion that ho agreed with tho sentiments contained in Mr.,Higinbotham's lecture ; aud the endea vor to get tho Scots' Church property was just to havo the opportunity of teaching these doc trines in tho Scots' Church. Ho hold that Mr. Dods did take part in the rebellion so often re ferred to during tho course of tho discussion. Ho further pointed out that there was some thing about tlio hawking around of tho call for signatures which might possibly reuder it null If thero were any ovidence to show that Mr. Dods was aware of tho fact. Ho hoped, in conclusion, that the presbytery would accept the responsibility of refusing tho call. Dr. M-Dounid withdrew his amendment in favor of the Rev. Jfr. Hay's amendment. The motion and amendment were thon put, and the voting was For the amendment, II ; against, 21. For (ho motion, 22 ; against, 10. The moderator declared tho mot ion carried. Tho Kev. Mr. Hay formally gave notice of dissent and appeal to the General Assembly. This was endorsed by the Revs. Dr. M'Donald, W. G. Fraser, J. K. Abernethy, J. Martin, and Messrs. H. R. Reid, Baillie aud Bcuuey. Tho meeting adjourned till ton o'clock this morning, to sit again in privato on Tuesday week to investigate tho third charge, as to defective teaching mado against tho Rev. Air. Dods by Dr. Morrison, when tho accused gentle man will he invited to be present. The Revs. Messrs. Yulo and S. Kobinsuu were appointed delegates from tho prcsbytory to attend the Geueral Assembly on tho hearing of tho ap peal 