PRAYING AGAINST HOME RULE. The following letter is taken from the Freeman of 28th July:— Sir,—I send herewith a slip cut from yesterday's Evening Mail, from which it appears that tbe lately-appointed Protestant Primate, Dr. Knox, has directed bis clergy to pray against Home Rule for three consecutive Sundays. This is a novelty in Irish politics which I hope, for the credit of the Christian religion, will not be repeated. If I were in his Grace's diocese I should be obliged to hear myself described by the officiating minister as one "who sought the dismemberment of tbe Empire and the overthrow of the religion of Christ," as ' fro ward one," "one of an insurrection of wicked doers," &c.;, or absented myself from Divine service for a month, while this perversion of true religion was being oarried on by his Lordship's order ; and all this for my being an earnest and honeBt adherent of a oause which is hallowed l" the minds of Irishmen by the devotion of Gratt&n;, Ponsonby, Flood, and a host of patriots, not forgetting Piunket, the grandfather of his brother, Archbishop of Dublin. The power of issuing ocoaelonnl prayers invented by the Ordinary himself 1B a novelty permitted by the canons of the Church sinoe disestablishment, and muah to be depreoated ; its abuse, as in this instance, is calculated to do mischief, and cannot in any way advance the interests of religion. This power does not exist in the Churoh of England nor In the Churoh of Rome. In the rituals of both Churohes there are occasional prayers suited to certain occasions, the use of which may be ordered by the Bishop from time to time. They are to be found in the prayer book, but may not be invented by the Bishop himself. Perhaps it may be well to remind his Graoe tbat there is muoh in this new thanksgiving of his which resembles the game of brag. The question of Home Rule is not quite settled yet. It is too soon to holloo till one's out of the wood., His Grace of Armagh may yet have need to pray for deliverance from some of the majority who have for the nonce so miraculously come to his help. A PROTESTANT HOME RULER. The following is the extraot alluded to at the opening of above letter:— The Palaoe, 21st July, 1886. Rev. and Dear Brother,—The elections hioh have now terminated have by the over uling providenoe of God resulted in returnng to Parliament a large majority of members pledged to the maintenance of the nion between Great Britain and Ireland. It is therefore our bounden duty to render thanks to Almighty God for our merciful deliveranoe from the great: danger which threatened the well- being of our native land and the free exercise of our Protestant faith. I therefore request that you will use the aooompanying prayer in your ohurch for the three following Sundays, immediately before the general thanksgivifag.—I am, reverend dnd dear brother, your faithful friend and bishop, ROBUST ABUAQH. " PBiTKB. O-Almighty God, who art a strong tower of defence.unto Thy servants against the face of their enemies, we bless Thy Holy Name that it hath plotted Thee to deliver us from hose great wtiimmiajent dangers wherewith patftsSi Thy true religion/ OonUnne, care over ns and Thy bounty tot^l™* protect us with Thine Almi Bht* «!.. M : the gathering together o ? f f i S ^ from the insurrection of wicked doen -^ grant that we Thy servants, being under Thy protection, may'show'foW. praise by giving up ourselves to Thv .LT' and by walbing before Thee in ho&*} pureness of living all our davs-T^S? Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom Uffi and the Holy Ghost be alt honour and 8 world without end. Amen." 