HAUNTED. [By W. S. Giur.ERT.] mounted ? Ay, in a social way By a body of ghosts in a d read array :; But 110 conventional spectres they— Appalling, grim, and tricky : i quail at inine as I'd never quail .At a fine traditional spectre pale, Willi a turnip head and a ghostly wail, And a splasli of blood onthediekey.t Mine-are horrible, social ghosts,— '.Speeches and women and guests and hosts, Weddings and morning calls and toasts, In every had variety : •Gliosis who hover about the grave Of all that's manly, free, and brave.; You'll find their names on the architrave Of that charnel-house, Society. Black Monday—black as its schoolroom ink With its dismal boys that snivel and think 'Of its nauseous messes to eat and drink, And its frozen tank to wash in. 'That was the first that/brought me grief, And made me weep, till I sought relief In au emblematical handkerchief, To choke such baby bosh iu. First and worst in the grim array— ■'■Ghosts of gliosis that have gone their way, Which I wouldn't revive for a single day For all the-wealth of Plutns— Arc the horrible ghosts that schooldays seared : | If the classical ghost that Brutus dared 'Was the. ghost of his " Caisar" unprepared, I'm sure I pity Brutus. I pass to critical seventeen ; The ghost of that terrible wedding scene, When an elderly colonel stole -my queen, And woke my dream of heaven. No school-girl decked iu her nurse-room curls Was my gushing innocent queen of pearls: if she wasu't a girl of a thousand girls, 8he was 011c of forty-seven. 1 see the ghost of my first cigar— Of the thence-arising family jar— Of my maiden brief (I was at the Bar), (I called the Judge "Your wushup!") 'Of reckless days and reckless nights, 'With wrenched-ofif knockers, extinguished lights, ■Unholy songs, and tipsy fights, Which I strove in vain to hush up. Ghosts of fraudulent joint-stock banks, Ghosts of " copy, declined with thanks," ■Of novels-returned in endless ranks, And thousands more .1 suffer. The only line to fitly grace My humble tomb, when I've run my'race, ■Is, " Reader, this is the resting- place Of an unsuccessful duffer." Fve fought them all, these ghosts of mine, But the weapons I've used are sighs and brine, And now that I'm nearly forty-nine, Old age is my chiefest bogy ; For my hair is thinning away at the crown, And the silver fights with the worn-out brown ; And a general verdict sets me down As an irreclaimable fogy. 