SLiR SAiLJUEL ICIL1SO, I' Sir 'Samuel. Wilson, :the defeated a Buck., has found a seat at Portsmouth, dis placing Mr. Vanderbyl. Among the brie biographical sketches of successfnl candi dates in the Pall Mall sGaoette we find the following :-Highendeil has brought g, fortune to its new' owner. Sir Samnel Wilson has at Iast attained the object d his ambition, and writes M.P. after hi name. A colonial '" hi bh*g" himself, he has ousted another; for ir. Vanderbyl, the M'inisterial candidate, is an Austdilih Vanderbilt, though less famous than Sir Samuel. Born in 1832, at Ballycloughc?., county Antrim, one of the six sons of his father, Sir Samuel (he was plain Samuel, and poor Samuel in those days) emigtnit. like other Irishmen have done, front Erind Isle. His Celtic acuteness enatbled him it time to become a leading member of the great Australian squattocracy-gentlemen to whom a few hundred thousand acres are neither here nor there. They bought wht'n land was worth a song or a stick of toacee, To-day they reap the fruits of their sagaeity. So Mr. Wilson prospered, and two VictorLt were kind to him.. One helped him C0 to wealth, the other knihted him, and he arose Sir Samuel, much to his delight. Some day his wealth may float him into a happy land, where troubles cease and elections are no more. Well known ni Australia, he found himself an obscurityiu London, and, after casting about fora time, he procured it great personal advertisement by buhiing the retreat of Bi rkce ld Ben. consfield, which resulted in '"Pat" ,t which. arnum misght have been pro?d. By this means he hoisted himself aboe' the public, but he is still danuigling. toli mouth has now given hini what lie ootd call, in his happy colonial pharsseolsog",' "Ieg up." He plays the host on ans e0c. sire scale, and endeavors to feed himelf into vogue. But if Dizzyss ghost eor walks the lonog corridors of the lltoehu55de Manor HIousse, le might whisper to Samunel that " umannirs makethl the sman as well as gold. In time, Sir Samutel l5" develop into a tolerable partyi hat. is 1'ie arious as his own sheep. IfS ou cannot get WOLTE s Sc s"rri sr one house it is much better for )oo u to lwhere you can get it. o KE iATI G'S COUGll IOZEXS( ES ;ere , Aqtlsn.t, Brnchaitii. OMelli'Ol tanti sOllr Sfi thist no otheor imesieille i so 50tec'; iu te ,,e these tllgerosls isussils>. O t"" rte. ei t es ia-. ) n r t c 'l lu i re ll u s i r e.= . For retievii diliclllts of brhathi tdo"' i. t it"htauble; They contain no opiut nor5al5", e drug. Soln by all Chemists in iuss,. 1-' Is d. d eachb. 