District Settlement. MOOLBOOLAMAN. By Our Siwial IIi;i-orteh. (From the Colonist.) In speukiugnf Mou ut Perry, Reid's Creek, ami tlie adjacent copper mines it ia not to.be concluded thai all places of milling interest around are embraced in the groupe. This spot is merely the centre of au immense tract of metalliferous eountrv at no verv creat distance from which are tbe other centres of Rawbelle, Cania, '1-akilberan, aud Moolboolauian. With tlie farms onWalln it may be said that the agricultural portion of this dis trict ends for the time being, nud settle ment inland, besides the usual iullueuce, is due almost solely to tbe milling indus tries past, present,' and prospective. To tbe north of Walla is the run known as Mo'dboolanmi. owned since I860 by Mr. Augustus 1'. Barton, who, it is said. hnuj;lit it aud its 101) square miles of mountainous country trom the Browns of (nil Gin for £,S0(). ' Moollioolnman was originally a sheep station held hv Forster and Blaxland of Gin Gin, and tlie head station, 10 miles from Gin Gin and about midway on the road between Mount Perry an-l Bundaberjr, standson tlie site of the old yards, and a very beautiful site it is as far as surrouudiug scenery is con cerned. The house is placed ou the top of a steep hill, at the foot of which on all sides arc creeks. To the right is the pre cipitous bank of the Gin Gin Creek, crossed at this point by the road to Ko lonsa and Toweran statious. Towards Mount Perry and facing the house is a range of thickly timbered mountains, which form the side of a fiue valley, down whieb'the roar of the wind aud the usual premonitory signs of approaching thunderstorms travel with seemingly pent up vigor. Close round the station are well cleared Hats, aud these form a fitting base to the big mass of hills which though some distance away, look so near. Behind all towers the rugged peak of Boolboonda almost invariably shrouded in its colouring of misty blue. Mr. A. P. Barton came out to the colonies over 30 years ago, and was sometimeou Gigoom gati station as a 'colonial experience.' Jills')'!, primed with bucolic information, lie made his first squatting venture, aud with a gentleman of the name of Holly held the Hiver block iu the Wide Bay district, including as it did the site of the present goldtield of Gympie, intend ing toforma cattle station. Dis-atisfied with the country lrom a pastoral point of view, aud little guessing that the land from which he turned in disgust, would yield millions iu gold ere a few years had gone by, Mr. Barton pitched bis tents at Moolboolauian in the year of Our Lord ] H(i0,and i u the 23rd yearof the reign of our beloved Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria. The run was stocked with ' J. S.' cattle, and though uo one will accuse Mr. Barton of landing in the colony with the typical half-crown, for he had fair capital, yet his course since that date has been truly prosperous ; shrewd common sense, a thoroughly practical turn, a most touch ing regard for number one, witb a suspicion of good luck fairly sprinkled over all his dealings, having during these twenty-six years planed him in tbe en viable position of one of ( lie wealthiest residents in tlie Burnett. Moolbonlaniau is bis, Mon ltepos, a sugar plantation where lie now lives, of 3()0 acres in the Wongarra, and with sea frontage, is his, while over Walloon, a station on the Dawson, with ] 'J.M li) head of cattle and sheep, does he cast his famous No. IX. Hlui-her. There is a melancholy pleasure iu going back to the old days. The time when the Burnett was still young, and when the laird would drive liisown team of bul locks to Maryborough with hides aud tallow, and fetch back six months Hour, sugar, ten, aud twist tobacco, with per haps a case of jams, a cask of dried apples and a few pounds of raisins as a stand-by should it be needed to keep up appear-, fiiices and show what we could -lo at a pinch. There was do quafiiug three star liei iar while luxuriating ou cane couches ami deck chairs under the shade of deep verandahs at that time, and no muster ing tlnvi- hundred fats from the bullock paddock ill one day. That was the period of fiy- bluwn I 'ankets, Hour-bag stretchers and the homely pint-pot ; when we gorged ourselves once a month ou fresh beef aud eat salt junk for thirty days. 'Ihe early jackass saw us rise, and roared with laugiiteras lie watched ns through the gaping slabs put our daily billy oil tbe lire, previous to a toilsome days ride over c-iuiitr.v to result perhaps in yarding 30 fals. Time has brought it» changes, and no one now need stew ill misery for want of the ordinary cssenlials of life. But having roughed it in their youth, there are few of the old squatters that cau un derstand why the young man of the pre sent time should not enjoy the same pri vilege, aud so they lay back their ears and snarl at uew men aud new manners. When a colonial experience is introduced to the bush, the first thing is to consider him a fool aud then to start to make a ?? man ' of him. This man-making pro cess usually means depriving the object of most comforts, of content of mind, ofteu of self-respect, making him ridicu lous in the eyes of tbe small world he lives in, aud giving him frequently and thoroughly to understand ia real live language that he is not, aud never will be of any use whatever iu this or any other world. When the young man has reached the desired perfection, and his mind has been cultured so highly that he can manage cattle or sheep, be can then go and invest his money in a sta tion. (Should he have uo money he cau stop on under bis patron at a pouud a week aud his grub at tbe house. Should he, however, though having no money, own a little beastly pride, he cau go to a warmer clime. The illimitable resources of this country surround him, and what more can be expect. To rough it is good for the young man no doubt, but no arti ficial assistance towards that end is needed iu the Australian hush. Moolboolauian was a fine school for learning colonial experience. The owner himself was a master of every detail in his chosen profession, from skimming a fat pot with wasteless scoops, or making a nigger's bridle with the matchless com bination of green hide and copper rivets, to planning a cattle yard, constructing dams, or selling stock advantageously. Mr. Barton, however, strange to say, witb all hie experience, could never milk, but he went a step further, aud when occa sion demanded, made his own trousers. Wonderful triumphs of mind over matter they were too, defying at once tailor's ordinances and the shape of the human form divine. A bigoted believer in his own 'cut,' the article was generally turned out front and back alike, thus leaving plenty of room for post-prandial contingencies. But Mr. Barton now lives on his plantation, and only emerges from his sea-side retinal to take his stand in the various local couucils of which lie maybe a member. .Kre long the Mul grave will be having its second M.L.A., aud it will surprise no one to hear that he liaB collie forward as a candidal', but certainly not as an advocate of Heury Georgian theories, the bear allusion to which causes, metaphorically speaking, a roar aud sheet of foam, rivalling the waves of ihe broad Pacific which roll by his sea cot. Of Moolboolaman as a run, it may be said that the leasehold Ib 70 square miles, and f he freehold 20,000 acres. It is bounded by the runs Walla, Gin Gin, Kolonga, and Wonbah, and carries about 3,500 head of cattle aud 100 head of horses, though its capabilities are up to 5,000 head of cattle, the reduction having been caused partly by recent sales, but mostly by tbe drought which did considerably more damage than decimatiug the herd. Mouu; taiuous to a great extent, it yet owns some of the most tempting flats and opeu broad-leaf ironbark gullies, while the very nature of the country ensures it per manent water, the water-courses beiug mostly tributaries of the Gin Gin Creek. Very jutere^ting are the volcanic hills ou the woubah side, where not only broad table lauds, covered with fiue fattening grasstsand houuded by deep ravines with pictuie-que waterfalls, exist, buta precip itous volcanic range lifts itself towards Teiiiiiugering way, and is part of the string of vol -sannes that at one time ex isted there, and of which the Boolboonda rock apparently was the chief. From these heights majestic views are obtained, and the traveller can get glimpses of them by taking the road to Mount Perry over tlie New Moonta and Boolboonda ranges, from the crown of eitherof which the eye commands a tremenduous sweep of country. One of these volcanic hills is situated just above what is termed the Dairy, some five miles from the Bool boomia railway tunnel, and the rider is somewhat astonished after riding for hours along stouev spurs aud, ever as cending, to find himself beside a fiue waterliole, some 150 yards in circumfer ence, covered with liliies, and invariably the abode of a few brace of ducks. Ou one side of this old crater is amassof fern covered boulders, some seventy feet high, while the other side presents au almost precipitous wall four hundred feet steep, ruuniug down to the creek. The view around is grand, and the dairy, visible just beueatb, from the very smaliuess of its appearance, gives one an idea of its depth below. With the exception of a few acres of freehold around the dairy this moun tainous country has beeu left as leasehold by the gimlet eye of the 'cute squatter, who has a better thing ou the other side of the run. Towards Kolouga and Gin Gin aud around the head station is situated the freehold portion of the run. This laud near the head quarters, divided iuto several paddocks, consists with selections bought up, of about 20,000 acres of more or less good grazing laud. Ou tlieKolouga and Toweran road are the paddocks of Stouev Range and Mooroo, parted from each other by a large selection of Mr. H. Caswell's, and each witb, roughly speak ing. oiKMl acres apiece. Both these are bullock paddocks, aud while Stoney Range is a block of land the owuer of which i- to be envied, to Mooroo, with its plain-like blue-grassed gullies aud its lightly timbered, gently undulating ridges, the palm must be given. Truth to tell, this ' choice block ' was not origi nally of Moolboolaman but of Kolouga, and its possessiou, as the acme of a fatten ing paddock, now that ring-barking has been thoroughly done ou it, enhances the value of Moolboolaman considerably. While speaking of ring-barking, it is very much an open question on two heads as to whether it is beneficial. First, though the closeness of the grass aud its sweet ness is unmistakeably improved di l ing the first few years, it is very doubtful whether, after fifteen or twenty years the land does not go back and produce inferior grass to that previous to the decay of the trees. The latter certainly, when alive, appropriate moisture aud nourishment which would otherwise go to the grass, but after some time when the roots rot, the land sinks, becomes sodden, and wanting draiuage, grows sterile. Secondly, ou the matter of man's duty to his neighbor — a duty seldom -? i- i out except under compulsion, a denudation of miles and miles of country of its timber may have glorious results for the landholder, but beyond doubt has its e/l'ccta ou the climate, and in a region like this, where rain is a great deal more welcome than the flowers in May, it is nothing more than removing one of the few attractions for moisture that we have. Tt is monstrous that self-interest should be allowed to wage successful var against the welfare of the colony for this aud future generations, while iu New South Wales, where the evils of riug-barking were actually being felt, the system has been stopped by law. The question of interfering with the kiug iu his castle or dictatiug to people what they are to do or not to do with their private lands when they are likely to trepass on the prosperity of the majority, will be better argueil aud ventilated a few years hence, when tbe clam will not cleave so tight to his rock, or when descendants of the early birds will not get all tbe worms just because their ancestors had chronic indigestion and could not sleep. Moolboolaman is truly a civilised place compared with what it was even ten years ago. The railway has placed it iu easy, if not rapid, communication with a port, and the growth of populatiou in the district has made the head s ation the frequent resort of travellers. Mr. Frank Collins, of tbe Collins, ofThornhill, is now manager, and though it seem6 but half-past five o'clock yesterday afternoon since as a baby he was hauled about in a compromise between a still-born timber waggon and a stuuted bath-chair by a black gin nurse, he has nevertheless made excellent use of the fleeting hour, having in the meantime not only grown to man hood, but also gone through one of those severe accideuts which occur to us occa sionally, namely, got married. But Mr. Co'llins is not the first manager by a few. Charlie Graham held that position some sixteen years ago. He was after wards Clerk of Petty Sessions at Glad stone, and has since died. Willie John stone was manager ten years ago, and has since grown in weight and pocket, doing business in Brisbane. Mr. John stone was known as a crack rider, and was equally envied as tbe proud possessor of a pair of canvass ' overalls' which, unwashed for years, had stood the scruf lings and troubles of successive brand ings, until at last, when not required, they stood up on their own account likea giant pair of binocular glasses. Previous to Mr. Collins was Mr. F. Price, who now manages Walloon, Mr. Barton's plain-country run on the Dawson. Mr. Price who has tbe peculiarity of loathing towns because he is shaken in driving over the macadamised roads, is the son of a high official iu the Bank of England also a noted artist, and tells a story of his once being brought by his father into the great presence of the manager. Price junior, after some notice from the august man, was for clearing out, andactually turned his back on the embodiment of £ s. d. The father seized his boy, slewed him round iu no time and saying ' bow' ducked his head towards the 'chair' and held bis face in that direction until the door was reached. A singular old identity, dead and gone.Lachlan by name was employed on the station during Mr. Johnstone's time. Lachlan made him self useful after stock, and considered it his duty to name the young horses. On wet afternoons he filled up his time either writing poetry for the Buudaberg Mail, which organ invariablytook tbe rhythmic outpourings of his damp hours, or mak ing a list of flowery names as a stock on which to draw at horse-christening time. Laclilan though no great scholar himself had abrotherademy at Magdalen College, Oxford. The stockman's hut, down at tbe foot of the hill, is an ancient building, but is hardly worth drawing attention to ex-ept that when the station was being formed the contract for the erection of the hut was let to two rneu who after cutting the sleepers, uprights and wall? plates, called upon Mr. Barton to show them how to proceed in getting the frames work together. As Mr. Barton had not. stipulated to architect the job himself he 'sacked' the men. One of them was Mr. M'Sharry the contractor for the secoud sectiou of the Mount Perry, the sixth section of the Central railway, aud other jobs involving the expendi ture of thousauds and thousands of pounds. Mr. M'Sharry has learnt much siuce those days. This railway which has let a little more life iuto the district was started, as it now turus out, oil false pretem#', the country beiug deluded iuto granting it under the assurance that the carri age of copper from Mount Perry to port alone stood in the way of the progress of tho mines. How a matter of four or five pounds sterling a ton could be sup posed to make such a difference is what people only asked after the rail way was started, and copper was down to £40 per tou ill England. Amid tbe exciteuieut of copper discoveries, Mool boolaman oaiue in for a great share of at tention. Between the two ranges of New Moonta aud Boolboonda, which run parallel some seven miles apart ill crossing tbe Mount lVrry road, there lies a belt of country abounding iu mineral wealth, some of which, such as gold, silver, aud copper have already been dis covered, while others, uo doubt, remain to be brought to light. About the year 1S71, or twelve mouths after the op ? «i ig of the Mount Perry mine, the close pr -- spectiug of Moolboolaman aud the country around, resulted in the Bool boouda lodes beiug revealed. A black fellow uamed Harry Nelson aud a stock man on Wonbah Station mined Stock well were the actual discoverers, aud re ported their find to Mr. Pengellly, of Maryborough, the gentleman who is known to contaiu stored up iu his miud the secrets of rabbit extermination, but just won't divulge the same to a sup pliant and rodent-stricken nation for reasons best kuown to himself. After serious difficulties the property was floated iuto a Company, aud the Bool boonda mine fairly started with money to a great extent found iu the district. Harry, the black boy, became H. Nelson, Esq., always appeariug iu the coffee rooms of the hotels, reading newspapers upside down, calliug 'Mrs. Publicbouse' to '? fill 'im up,' and swearing deeply as was the fashion among the swells of those days. His gin was now Mrs. Nelson, and though she bad a horse aud rode in a side saddle, yet, because she never would diue at table with her lord, and would 'throw back' on past days by sitting in silk attire beside her loved mangy dogs outside the kitchen, Mrs. Grundy aud idle gossips said that Mr. Nelson had married beneath him. How ever, both Mr. and Mr-'. Nelson soon swamped their reward cheque, aud re turned to 'possums and cadging. The Edina mine was the next outcome of the copper mania, aud hundreds of pounds were spent ou developing the lode. £-500 in one sum was spent ou making a road to the pit from the main track. This work was undertaken under the manage ment of Mr. Normau, a Dane, aud the discoverer of Normanton some years pre vious, aud the preservation of tbe work and the deep cuttings show how much in earnest the owners were to do every thing thoroughly. The New Moonta mine was then put upon the market, the original owners beiug J. Campbell, Powell, and Richard Datsou. The For tunatus copper mine was prospected by Masou, who uow owns the Drummer's Creek Hotel on the Mouut Perry and Gayndah roads, about the same time as the Boolboonda. All these were copper mines, aud though assays were obtained of the ores from high authorities, yet scarcely anyone thought of asking whether other besides this metal existed in payable quantities. Hence it is that experts are only uow being asked to in quire whether samples from these same lodes do not contain gold iu sufficient quantities to warrant the properties being worked for the higher metals. It is fair to say that supposed silver finds did once attract some attention, and towards the close of 1872 a mineral selectiou was takeu up a few miles from Moolboolaman by Mr. A. P. Bartou, aud said to be com paratively in rich silver. The property was energetically prospected fortbat metal and at one time the sanguine owuer re fused £5000 bard cash for a quarter share in the concern. How fleeting are life's joys. A few days after this the report of the assayer announcing that the lode, in stead o' containing silver ore, was charged with arsenical pyrites, was received, and the ' Argentine' mine at once collapsed. In three years time from tbeir birth tbe mines around Boolboonda had ceased, and it is remarkable in how short a period evidences of so large a population having once been on the spot have disap peared. The main town, twelve miles from Mount Perry, had 500 inhabitants, and the public bouses numbered 7. The buildings were all fairly substantial too, because it was thought that a copper lode once found payable would employ hun dreds for any length of time. A' circus once put up its tent iu that lively centre, and the horse races bade fair to rival those at Mount Perry. Of all the life aud stir that once possessed th' place scarcely any vestige remains. The circus ring is discoverable, but cattle feed over the site of the old Boolboonda. Some four years ago another Boolboonda rose and fixed itself just under tbe western side of the New Moonta range. Gold, not copper, was the ruling spirit, and though some 100 people were once settled there, the place was soon deserted, as the gold was not fouod payable with the.maehiuery at hand, and no money was forthcoming for deep sinkiug. At the present time the All Nations mine alone is working, and its success may start Boolboonda once more. May Good Digestion wait on Appptitf, says .Shakespeare, bnt 'good digestion' wil never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of tbe greatest importancetbat in making bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through lo .gusein households throughout the world Foremost amongBt these must be rcckoued ' Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder,' wbicb had stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, dsg it, and add your testimony|to thai of tbe millions who praise it, Ghosts. — An attempt iajbeing made in th? old country io revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marle.y's ghost : ' How do [ know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghuBte by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it mill laise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, aid very good housewise buys it. Vali'aiilti Discovehy j'ob tub If air — f your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, nse ' Tlie Mexicin Hair Renewer,' for it will voKilivcly restore in cvnry case Grey or White hair to ue original cdour, without leav ing the riiBii'jroriiiblc smcil of most' Restorers,' ft makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the. glands are not decayed. Ask your Clininist fur « The Mexican ITaib Ke soM by CbcmiYs and Perfumers everywhere «t 3-. fid. per Bottle. Wholesale depot 33, Furringuoj Buasl, London, 