A VOYAGE TO THE ANTIPODES. HENRY A.M. It is with very mixed feelings that Me start on this, the third and last portion of our voyage from the Cape to Tasmania. The next land we tread will be that in which we are to find a new home. What will it be like, we wonder. Shall we learn to love the country as we do dear old England ? No, surely not. There can never be the thousand ties that bind our hearts to the old land, the ties of childhood, of association, old friends, of the nooks and corners of that bonny country we know so well, and where for ages our forefathers have lived and died. Ah, deep down in our hearts we love the old country, the place that is to all her children "motherland" and "home." Bleak, grey, and cold she is said to be looking back one sees none but long sunny summer days that were all too short for childhood's busy do- nothingness; but our hearts are young and hopeful, we can look forward, also, and hope for much in the new land. The day we leave Cape Town is very hot, our cool clothing coming into use once more ; deck chairs appear, and we sit and watch the great mountains as we round the Cape. Several new passengers came aboard at Cape Town, among whom are some of the celebrated Methuen's Horse," in their service- able and useful uniform of brown corduroy, knee breeches, and Norfolk jacket, that has four large pockets in front-a great improvement on our British soldier's uniform, whose only pocket seems to be his sleeve. A jaunty scarlet and yellow cap complete this very "fetching" costume. | "When we get round the Cape an icy wind blows and the sea begins to get very lumpy. The new passengers lie about disconsolately, wishing the voyage was over, doubtless, or that some kind friend would throw them overboard. With what conscious pride we old sailors walk about the deck and looked pityingly at the efforts of one of the Capertee to do the same, and who only manages to stagger from post to rail clutching at and clinging to everything -as we did in the earlier part of the voyage, dear reader, but don't whisper it. We feel by this time as if we had been to sea for years, and that all our fellow passengers are old friends, The Cape people are looked at askance ; they seem like interlopers, and for several days are left very much to themselves. We got on very well without them, and their advent is a doubtful boon. Great preparations are made a few days after we have left the Cape for two days' athletic sports, Ropes are got out tugs of war, jumping, running, throwing weights, and quoits, are the order of the day ; even the ladies get the craze, and do all sorts of wonderful feats. At length the great day has arrived, bright and sunny, but fearfully cold ; the decks are ready, the course cleared and roped round. The committee, starters, and judges, are all important. An invitation had been given to the third class and steerage passengers, so they throng the upper decks. Programmes are handed round, and ting, ting, goes the bell. "Clear the course." There are some excellent races two-legged, three-legged, sack, and obstacle races, races for boys, and races for ladies. Putting the weight got very exciting as one after another hurled the heavy sandbag along the deck. The big event of the day is the tug of war between first and second saloons, each being anxious for victory, and each boasting some fine, strong men. A new rope is Drought, and the partisans of each saloon watch breathlessly for the result. Each man grasps the rope as if the honour of " our saloon " depended on himself. " Are you ready ? Pull," and the rope strains tight. Victory seems ready to crown first one side and then the other ; the excitement is intense; the lookers on shout to their friends. Suddenly one side pulls the other over the line, and loud hurrahs proclaim the first tug won. Again and again they try with the same results ; we are dreadfully disappointed, for it is the other saloon" that wins. A highly amus- ing race, one that makes us forget our crush- ing defeat, is run by gentlemen in ladies' clothing. This finishes the first day. The second day is devoted to the crew, who manage their events in quite a professional manner, the greasy pole finishing up two extremely pleasant and enjoyable days. Friday, October 9. We have been at sea a month. The crew now begin to earn money they say. Hitherto they have " worked for nothing." At first this seemed to us to be ratherhardonthecrewtill It was explained that they got a month's pay in advance to leave at home. To celebrate this joyous occasion a very weird and quaint ceremony is gone through, what is called " burning the Dead Horse," the dead horse typifying the past month wherein the poor fellows have been working for nothing." In the darkness of a cold, sleety night we are suddenly summoned to the funeral of the dead horse. Feeling our way as best we can along a wet and slippery deck, we find that a " thing," consisting of hoops of wood for a body, straight wooden legs, a stuffed head and neck, looking , considerably more like a semi- decomposed , donkey than a horse, is being hauled up to the yardarm slowly, to the melancholy A strain of some monotonous sea song, that comes up out of the darkness from the crew below, who are hauling the horse up. The animal is blazing furiously, the flames darting out long fiery tongues towards the cross trees, sparks flying all round, and rockets rush hissing upward across the body. The last salute being fired, the creature is lowered, and is finally committed hissing and spluttering to the deep. The solemn strains of the " Dead March " steal through the night. The scene is weird and wild in the extreme-the blackness of the night, the dark waters all round, the monotonous song, and the howling of the wind in the rigging, combined with the flash- ing of the flames in mid-air one might almost think that we are assisting at some midnight orgies of witches in the dark ages. The timid ones shrink closer to their kind protectors, and it is with a sigh of relief that we find ourselves back in the warm and bright saloon. We are thankful to say though that this was the only funeral we had on board with the exception of a poor little ferret, an emigrant for New Zealand going to help to put down the rabbit mutiny there. We- are now getting very far south, and the weather is colder and colder every day. "One morning we come out to find snow on the deck and we pretend to snowball each other.. Those that are brave enough to go on deck before breakfast see the hoar frost sparkling on every thing. The officers tell us we are going south to catch the winds, For some days now our sails have been spread, and we are going along at a great rate. The speed we go each day is noted with interest. The taking of the log proves a knotty problem to many. The winds we have come so far to seek toss us up and down on the heavy seas, huge waves come tossing and tearing over the lower deck, rushing down the scuppers with a roar. A few of us that brave the cold cutting wind and showers of spray feel ourselves amply repaid by the magnificent sight the sea presents, rolling apparently mountains high, glittering Uko liquid diamonds in the frosty sunlight, and throwing up the spray high into the air all tinted with rainbow colours. Some of our passengers give an amateur performance in the Royal White Star Theatre," where we have some of the best amateur acting that has been our good for- tune to witness. The rolling of the ship gives the performance a peculiar effect at times, the performers having to balance themselves at an incredible angle, or hang on to some piece of furniture, trying to look as though nothing unusual were happening. In spite of these drawbacks, however, the play was a great success, and attracted a crowded and enthusiastic house. A day or two later we sight the Crozet Islands. They consist of immense snow- clad heights, rising straight out of the Southern Ocean. Immense they appear to us who can only see the tops above the sea, but what must the tout ensemble be could we view them from their base, standing leagues below the sea to where their summits are lost to sight in the clouds. Two days are taken up in preparing for a grand fancy dress ball given by the captain. The suddenness of the invitation and short- ness of the notice make everyone very busy. We are determined to recover the prestige lost in the tug- of-war, and we are not disappointed. Our saloon turned out far ahead of the others in variety and originality of costume. Being the only artist in the saloon, we had much to do in Fainting for the occasion a clown, two Kaffirs and a black eye, a masher powdered and patched, a Mahometan priest's face stained, a red Indian tatooed all fell to the lot of the artist, so we felt immensely gratified at the great success of ours." The ball was, as usual, on deck-a gay and brilliant scene - costumes of all lands, butchers, bakers, gipsies, a ghost, a shadow, beautiful night, a squatter, and one Shakesperian character, Portia. Our last entertainment, but certainly our best. After this the weather gets milder, and we are getting into Australian waters. Late one evening some one espies land ahead, and the news flies. We are now nearly at our journey's end; another day will see UB landed. We are sorry the last day of our ship's life has come, we have had, indeed, many pleasant days. There are many drawbacks, certainly, but, on the whole, our voyage has been a very enjoyable one. Early in the morning of our last day on board we go on deck and watch the shores of Tasmania come nearer and nearer, till we are steaming slowly up the Derwent between lovely hills that slope gently down to the water, dotted here and there by farmhouses, green fields, and forests of brown-looking trees, bush, the old chums call it. The Captives rejoice to see green, real green, fields once more ; one told us that it was eight years since he had seen green fields. A high mountain comes into sight, with fleecy clouds resting on the summit ; soon we see that there is a town lying between it and the broad river, houses scattered over the hillsides looking white and pretty. The White Star casts her anchor, and we hurry down the side into the first tender, anxious to explore our new country. A party of us land at the fine quay, where there is space and depth of water enough for several large vessels to lie alongside. Then wend our way up into the town. Wide Streets, fine buildings, and numberless vehicles meet the eye everywhere as we wander about. But what charmed our English eyes most of all were the great bushes of lilac and may, heavy with blossom, and scenting all the atmosphere around. It just seems the other day that the lilac and may were flowering in England. Strolling about, looking curiously at the to us, new trees, we find ourselves gazing at what we would gladly persuade ourselves seems to be an English house and grounds. Green meadows, leafy oaks, pretty drives, and a fine house-the Government House, we are told, looking as English as possible under a southern sky. Without know- ing it we strolled into the gardens or park beyond. Oh, what lovely flowers 1 One is bewildered ? What season can it be for side by side with laburnum and may grow lovely roses and rare flowers of every hue. Scarlet passion flowers, gay clematis, orange blossom, and honeysuckle climb the walls flowers that are rarely seen out of a hothouse at home. Going back to town, we explore the Public Library, which contains hundreds of the best and latest books, newspapers, and English magazines. The booming steam whistle reminds those that are bound for New Zealand that it is time they were on board again, so we go with them to say good-bye and see the last of the good ship, Good-bye, we shout as the tender steamer off. Good- bye is echoed from the ship. Hurrahs read the evening air. Good-bye to friends that have helped to make the long voyage so pleasant. Good-bye, DESTRUCTIVE FIRES IN FIRE-The Fiji correspondent of a New Zealand paper, writing on December 23, says :-'? Every 'week fresh reports of extensive and destructive fires are brought in. There is news from Navau to the effect that property to the value of £2,500 has been destroyed on Messrs. Sharpe, Fletcher, and Co's late sugar establishment. Three large megass sheds, each 200ft. by 40ft, were burnt to the ground. Then we have the news of a conflagration raging from Ba to THE a j also one sweeping over the Edu end of Vanua Levu, from which Mr. R. Evans has been a great loser. On Wednesday morning last Mr. W. I. Thomas received intelligence that an extensive portion of the district of Tai Levu had been de- stated, and that material damage had been done on his estate, situated in the neighbourhood. Also, like unpleasant news was brought to Mr. J. B. Swann that a second fire had been raised in the vicinity of his property at Koro, and that his plantation therefrom had suffered severely. It appearing to Air. Swann that the damage done by the fire which broke out near his and Mr. Martelli's places, about a fortnight ago, had done no greater damage to his property than the burning of a few fencing posts, he declined to make any complaint ; but a second occurring so soon after, and the injury done being serious, he decided to make a complaint to the magistrate. It has been alleged that these fires, or at least some of them, were wilfully raised. A NOVEL POTATO PORTER-The Home News gives the following description of an ingenious machine which should come into profitable use in Tasmania : " Mr. G. W. Randolph, of Thirsk, has invented a potato sorter which will cause a great saving of labour and time to the grower. It separates potatoes into three sizes at one operation, and affords facilities for bad ones to be picked out at the same time. The potatoes are shovelled or otherwise put into a hopper, which passes them on to a riddle, kept in a jogging motion by turning a handle. The smaller ones drop through on to another riddle, also in motion, whilst the smallest ones, passing through, are deposited on either side of the machine by a screen. The second size in like manner are put out, and the full size market potatoes are collected at the end of the machine. The potatoes, in passing through the machine, are presented to the operator in a single layer, so that the bad ones can easily be detected. With the help of this machine three men are found to do the work of 30 pickers. Further advantages claimed are the rapidity and cleanli- ness with which the work is done. If required, it can be used simply as a cleaning machine. In practice it is found capable of cleaning and sorting the potatoes as fast as a man can shovel them into the hopper. It works so easily that a boy is sufficient to turn the handle, and one other man can attend to all the picking out and delivery. Judging by the attention which has been attracted to it during the short time it has been before the public, it evidently supplies a want long felt by growers. Farmers also, instead of having to employ a number of extra men as pickers, can utilise the services of their usual staff during the time when they cannot be usefully employed in ordinary farm labour. This excellent appliance is eminently Labour-saving, as it has been found, that the labour bill of a farmer for potato digging has been reduced 25 percent. by its means. 