COUNTRY NEWS. (FROM OUR- OWN CORRESPONDIONTS.) GOULBUEN, FEn. 6. The election of an alderman to represent 'North Ward, took place to-day. There wa a deal-of excitement over the event, and at the declaration of the poll this afternoon about 5, there were present a large numbe of ratepayers; Following is the result o the polling.:-. Hawkins... ... ... ... 245 Fitzgerald .. ... 162 Lockard ... ... ... ... 96 Informal .... ... ... 19 The majority for Hawkins was 83. . The election of mayor takes place on Monday next, and thereislikely to be some warm work atthe ensuing general meeting of the Council. A little boy 12 years of age, son of Mr. E. Clarke, of Cavan, near Yeas, met with -an accident on Thursday morning, when he, had a portion of :his right wrist shot away. The boy went on a shooting ex pedition in the absence of his parents, and whilst walking along the bush the gun fell from his hands. One barrel went off, and a'.quantity'of shot was lodged in his right wrist, carrying the flesh clean away from the bone. The committee of the Yass C.C. have decided to invite the next team of English cricketers to that place. the regular meeting of the committee of the Mechanics Institute was held last night, when, there was a good atten' dance. It was decided . :to ; agree to the request of Mr. Sach,. master of .the local branch of the Technical College, that a room be erected and, furnished to be used as a class room, providing that the 'Board of Technical Education would' rent the' room for three ,years. Committees for the proper work ing of the'iistitution were formed, and the meeting terminated. ' ' , The taxation proposals of the Robertson'. Goverinfent'app6ar to be favoured here; thourgh it is . thought that a tax upon :absentees, .independent altogether of the? proposed property tax, should be imposed. The resignation of Mr. Heydon has.ereated some amount of comment,andit is thought that had he adhered to his protectionist' opinions, and refused to join a free-trade party for the sake of office, his political opinions would have entitled him co more respect than he can now claim from his : constituents. PE. 6. Mrs. 'Slavon, a resident of Gullen, met with an 'accident whilst travelling in a cart to her home on Thursday last. The horse attached 'to the vehicle suddenly commenced to- stagger, and in a few minutes' fell dead in -the road. The occupant of the cart was thrown out on the road, and received several' ugly gashes, on the face. The shafts of the cart weren' broken. Th whoel of a waggon passed over the right leg of a man. named Ford, on Friday. night.' ' . A littlegirl in the service of Mr. Fuller, of Eastgrove.,fell down on Saturday and. dislocated one of her shoulders. ' "Whilst Mrs.- Gale, of 1 Grafton-street, was : driving, in company ,,with another lady and some children, in the neighbour hood of Norwood, on Friday afternoon, the' horse attached to the buggy bolted. ;Mrs. Gale, being frightened, jumped out on to the road, and was severely injured. The other occupants of the buggy held 'their seats, and the frightened horse' was eventually pulled up without any further damage being caused. Mrs. Gale is slowly 'recovering from the effects of the accident. The official declaration of the poll was made yesterday (Saturday) morning, wheni the numbers were the same as those announced on Friday evening.' Mr. Z. Hawkins was declared elected. The elec tion was a boil over, and a deal of money from the "North End" is said to .have changed hands. " The outcome of the elec tion is that Alderman W1Vmbey is already spoken of as the next mnayor of Goulburn. Mr. W. M'Bcan, J.P,, of Yass, died at thlat place on Saturday morning.' A muster of volunteer drill officers are in town arranging the dates of drill for various parts of the southern districts. Some of them have come from as' far as Albury. - l' ' 'y . . LITHGOW, FEB. 5. Tlhe topic ot the hour is a Miner's Union. Hitherto trade-unionism' has not 'flourished in this' part of 'the country. -Years ago, in the early days of Lithgow, a Uniofi was formed among the miners, but it died out. The union principle, to exerb any influence, must be carried out upon a large scale, and the probable reason why ' it lapsed before was owing to the in adequacy cf.the numerical strength of the' men. . With our enormously increased coal output, which amounted last year .to 265,433 tons, the number of hands em .ployed has increased in like proportion, so that if the cause to.which the downfall of the Union was attributed be the true one, the movement which has just been started will have a better chance of becoming'per nianent. An association has been formed under the style and title of the " Hartley District Mutual Protective Association; " and is to consist of a number of subsidiary lodges, one being established in connection with each mine; a code of rules will be drawn' up, and the various managers will be asked to give their sanction. Before the managers can do this they will have to receive special powers from the directors of the respective coifpanies, and it is thought doubtful whether. all the. com panies will grant the necessary powers. One manager has been heard to declare that he will "sack" every man that joins the Union, being confident of his ability to "get plenty more." The electioneering fever has not died out yet in this district, In most of the electo rates when the members were returned to Parliament the subject dropped, but here we do things differently. Mr. Brisbane Doyle, the defeated candidate, whatever his faults, appears to possess the essen tially British virtue of never knowing when he is beaten. He is still fighting, whilst the enemy is peacefully enjoying the fruits of his victory in the shape of those rich plumes Which fall to the lot of the represenitatives of the people. Out of the fullness of the generosity of the heart of Brisbane Doyle there flowoth many good things, such as silver cups for athletic con tests, picnics and rumours of picices, periodical visits, free lectures, &c.;, &-. Again Mr. Doyle is to address the-free and independent on Saturday evening at Katosieba, and on Monday at Lithgow, taking for his text the political situation and our financial difficulty. SThere is nothing fresh to chronicle with regird to lhe fire at' the Comet Hotel, Hlartley Vale, last Tuesdoy. The whole town narrowly escaped destruction, being built almost entirely of weatherboard. An incuiry will Lo instituted next Tues day . The latest sensation in Lithgow is the appearance of a ghost of the true orthodox typo,jwhich has made itself manifest by saldr& weird and inexplicable sounds at the barracks of the Salvation Army. Whether it be the spirit of one suffering the torments of tihe damned making a final effort to obtain salvation, or one of hostile intent, is at present an open question. However this may be, the oflicers and men have not shown thatvalour which onie would anticipate from their martial bearing; but then, perhaps, moral courage is their forte rather than physical; WOLLONGONO, FnanrY 5. The Quarter Sessions were held hero this week, in the new Court House, for the' first time, His Honor Judge M'Farland presiding, Mr. Pitenirn acting as Crown 5Prosecutor, and Mr. John Williams, :jun.,. as Clerk of the Peace. The other members of the profession present were. Messrs. E. Bennett, A. I. Butterworth, H. Owen, and A. P. Canary, barristers; and 'Mesrs. I Bull, Nicholls, Lipscomb, Rupell,. and 3Muir, attorneys. On the court being opened, Mr., Lipseoib, .on behalf of the local profession, congratulated his Honor on taking his seat on the Bench for the first time,' and hies Honor suitably re plied. The following eases were then' called on and dealt with: John "iRichard Rawnsley, obtaining goods under false pretences.-Postponed until next session in consequence of the death of the prosecutor; bail allowed. A. B. Parkinson, of Bundanoom, obtain-' ing. a horse from Michael Barony under false pretences.-Mr. Melville appearedfor prisoner, who was' found guilty, anid son 'tenced to eighteen months' imprisonment. Edward Jarrett,of Mountembla, charged with abducting Margaret Ellen 'Callo way, a girl under the ago of 21 years. .Prisoner was defended by MIr. B.ull, as 'risted by Mr. Muir; this case was hbard last Quarter Sessions, when the jury dis agreed, and the jury had not agreed to day, when the court closed. Richard 'Pembroke, of Wollongong, charged with being on the premises of Mr. Osborne, Commercial Hotel, with intent to comniuit a felony, on the night of December 30, was defended by Messrs. Bull and Lipseomib; .the jury have not agreed . , MOREE, Fan. 5. On Tuesdayafternoon last, a heavy ice and hail storm passed over Pallamallawa. The ice varied in size from three to six inches in' circumference, and as it pelted down, destruction went withit; birds were killed from 'the tree tops, and stacks.vwere more or less injured. The zinc roof of *Mr.,Broughton's hotel was fairly riddled, while many of the windows were brokes. The coverings of several vehicles were totally destroyed, and, in fact, the scene was one of devastation and iin.. W e hear nothing has ever beoii witnessed like it in the district. ' A concert by local amateurs was heldin ' the' School.of Arts on the evening of.the 29th ult., to raise funds for ijurchasing a drop scene for the stage of the hall. ',Ther' wa not a very large audience. I believe the proceeds amounted to about .£9. After the concert the seats were, cleared away and the majority df the audience chased Saway an hour or two on' the fantastic too. A? the' Moree Lands office, on Thursday ' last, there were 863:acres of land taken -p . QUIRINDI, F?i-n 6. A meeting of the Local. Land Board was .held inthe Courthouse this mornling,there being present on the Bench Mr. John McDonald (0hairman), Messrs.' Hajrdoin, 0\. Wilson, and the clerk to the Board, 'Mr. Chambeis. The following applications were disposed of:-W. H. Rooney, 40 acres, eounty bf Buckland, parish Borambil, granted; Stephen Briggs, 40 acres, county Bucklannd, parish WVallabadah, granted; Edward Coma, 100 acres, conditional purchase, ..300 acres .conditional lease, county Buckland, parish WVallbad?ah, granted; .George Kelly, 500 acres, county Buckland, parish WVallabadal, 500 nc~res, granted; ' George, Kelly,' 300 acres, conditional lease, county Buckland, parish of-Wallabadah, 255 acres, granted; Jno. Baldeck, 44 acres, county of Buck land, parish of Wallabadah, granted; WinWm. Ed. Briggs, parish of Loder, eounty of Buckland;,50 acres, granted on condi tion thatthe piece of land contain at least 40 acres;. Joseph Baldock, ,conditional purchase, 60 acres, conditional lease 40 acres, county of Buckland,. parish of Wallabadah, granted; Jno. Marnes, appli cation refused,- the land' having been jireviously' selected' by 'Ed. Coma ; A. S. Barnectt, application refused, land being a leasehold area of'Quirindi run; D. Wilsen, 400 conditional lease, parish of Quirindi, county of aBuckland, application re fused, land having been previously 'aipplied for by A. Birodie; 'Richardl hyall, 000 acres, conditional l]eas, parish' of Loder, county of Buck tind. An objection was lodged by the lessee of the:rin, Mr. A. Loder, to this application, on the ground thait his im provements on this land were of sufficient valuce to bar selection. Evidence pro anrid ccn was taken. After a brief consultation the bench' announced tlheir unanimous decision to grant the application, and stated that the improvements were not sufficient to bar selection. Mr.Loder then stated that in all due deference to the BBoird's decision, he should sue Mr. Myall for tre?pass on thi first occasion on which he set fot'in the paddock, .This- con cluded' the busincss, and the Court adjourned atl p.m. 