SIGNOU AIAJERONI'S BENEFIT. A dress circle crowded in evmy pan by a distinguished eouipauy aud a packed lions greeted Siguor Alajeroui on the occasion of his benefit at the Theatre Royal last night Sardou's drama, " Fedora," had been chosen fo representation, and the selection could not have been better. The finest acting will not redeem a weak play, but iu 14 Fedora" we have a clever adaptation from one of tho most dra matic and startling pieces 011 the French stage, and two characters in which the bene ficiary and his charming wife are seen at their very best. Although Fedora is the grander part of the two in its blood-thirsty vindictivencss aiui passionate devotion, the iuicrcst felt in Loris ipuuoff is scarceffy less. Signer Alajeroui plays the character wiili much tragic force, and those who witnessed last night tiie concentrated horror and growing excite ment with which he recalled step by step the incidents leading up to his betrayal by his wife and the murder of her lover, warmly acknowledged the actor's power. Not less marked than this was the effect produced iu the last act, where Loris receives the news of his mother's death aud of his brother's assassination. Utterly broken dowu with rage and horror, he at last finds voice iu the words, By the living God I will hunt her down ; 1 wi.i kill her first, and then I will forgive her" — words which have a terrible significance to the guilty wife who hears them and to the audience who understand thu strange web of mischance which winch surrounds his marriage. Ho'o again Signor Alajeroui touched the house, au evoked warm demonstrations of sympathy and applause. Signoru Alajeroni's great character as Fedora has been criti cised in terms of the highest pruiso iu our columus on other occasions than this, aud it remains ouly to say that she shared with lier partner the honors of the evening. Both artists were called before the curiam at the end of each act, and the usual floral tributes were offered. Signor Verdi, whoso appearance after his long absence ensured him a hearty welcome, saug his 44 Postilion Soug" in good style, uddiug to the attractions of an cveuiug which passed off with the greatest <!clat> 44 Fedora" will be repeated to-night and to morrow evening, and on Thursday Air. G. L. Goodman takes his benefit, when Aliss Myra Kcmble and a number of leading arttsts will contribute in the benefit kindly accorded him by Bignor and Siguora Alajeroui. D'Arcy Read's Ghost is announced to open in the Alasonic-hall, York-street, ou Thursday cvcninc.1 During the la9t few days there lia9 been a great rush for seats for the opening night of tho 44 ALinnie Palmer" season at the Opera House, and as all those in the dress circle have been reserved, the management have deter mined to reserve the front rows of the stalls at dress circle prices. The plan is now on view at Nicholson's, where seats can be secured. A sale of Christmas gifts is to be held at tho Devonshire-street Congregational Church to day. In the evening an entertainment in con uection with the same will be held. The auction sale of tho dress circle seats of the Criterion Theatre, announced by the proprietor, Air. John Solomons, with a view to devoting tho anticipated proceeds to the Keihuvarra Re lief Fund, was held at Alessrs. Harris and Ack- man's rooms in Pitt-street yesterday afternoon. The sale attracted an utteudaucc of some 2U1) or 800 people, aud it was at first expected that bidding would be brisk. Air. Harris conducted the sale, explaining the motives which had led to a departure from the accepted theatrical custom in Australia, and to tho great iutcrc3b naturally attachiug to the opening of nn insti tution of so public a character ns a theatre. In order to prevent the tickets finding their way into the hands of speculators to the detriment of playgoers, it was announced that not more thau six would bo allotted to any ouc purchaser. The salo began with a bid of fi., which quickly , mounted to bids of las., 17s. Cd. aud £1 each ticket, at which last price the first four were knocked down to Air. Anthony llurdcrn. The hammer fell on the secoud let at 129. Ud.. after which bidding became so lauguid that tlio pro prietor stopped the sale, as il was seen that the charity would not benefit in proportion to tho trouble incurred under the new system. Tickets whl accordingly bo sold at Nicholson's in the usual way at advertised rates, and the plan will bo open for the inspection of playgoers ou Wednesday. 