THE ALFHED TENNYSON BUNGLE SOCIETY. JUBILEE MEETING. MR. KKOUKLOKTY POIMIERS in die chair. The meeting opened with a " Chinese shout !"* Professor Rumskuttle read his essay 011 the poet's habit of picking his teeth with his fork. Mr. Wobly Dobbs thought the great point, or rather the three great points, was how many prongs the fork had. Quite recently Captain Cook's grog kettle had been discovered, and it was inferred from the look of the thing that Captain Cook hud discovered the art of boiling water with three big holes at the bottom of his pot. Did Bungle use a three or ten pronged fork to pick his teeth ? Mr. Chuckout Snobley held the opinion that future generations would thank this society if it settled the point that Bungle had teeth to pick. Mr. Griggs didn't think Bungle picked his teeth ; he took 'em as they came. The Chairman didn't want any of that sort of thing. Mr. Griggs had better join the Domestic Servants' Union. Wit like that was appreciated there. Mr. Griggs didn't mean any harm. It came natural. Mr, Adolphus Chookey did not think this was worshipping Bungle. Mr. Trophonius Titlark had received a letter by the last mail from home. The letter showed that the parent Bungle Society was in a most flourishing and healthy state. The treasurer had not bolted, and the society wa3 recognised by the aristocracy and gentry of the neighbourhood. (Cheers.) Mr. Soapley proposed that one poem of Bungle's should be read every meeting, and if possible committed to memory. He also heard that the missing poem, called "The Wangdoodle's Boast," had been dug out in Cock-lane, Loudon. There was 110 doubt about its authenticity, because Bungle spelt "ghost" " gost" and tremendous" " tremenjus," aud so did the poem. Bungle was not as other men are in the matter of spelling. He varied a good deal. ^ The rival society who worshipped " Blatherskite" made a good deal out of the habit of Bungle. But Chaucer couldn't spell hardly at all; every other word was wrong. In those days poets had not the advantage of State schools. Mr. Septimus Doodlembuck wanted to know if Bungle was a " Spring poet," and if so, did he put his best licks into Spring poetry ? Mr. Cornelius Longbottom, from a profound study of Bungle's works, came to the conclusion that Bungle, to a certain extent, was a Spring poet. He wrote " The flowers that bloom in the Spring, Tra la, etc." Mr. Dabchick.—" That's in ' The Mikado.' " Mr. Longbottom.—Perhaps, if so, whoever wrote " The Mikado" was an impudent plagiarist. Bungle was first. Bungle wrote " Shakespeare" and " Paradise Lost" and "Pilgrim's Progress." Others had taken the credit, but Bungle was the man. He had written a pamphlet showing that Bungle had written everything under the sun. His advertisements for the cheap tailors were marvels of ingenuity. His play of " Hamlet," which he wrote in the interest of Inebriate retreats, showed that lie possessed a mind of the highest order. The way he could run in an "ad." even in a meditation on life and death was wonderful. Mr. Chockstraw admired Bungle as a "sport." He used to bet on horse races and was not above a " shilling in." Professor Winkle.—" What poem are we to read to-night ?" And was there to be another " Chinese shout ?" The Chairman left it to the meeting. He had not much choice in the matter, but if he might dictate he recommended the " Ode to an Idiot."— The wood bunks chortle on Chinkley Chumps, And the Nellywag gloanison the dorkle ; And Snooks and Podger are down in the dumps And the wagga sings out 011 the dorkle. The Pibroch glistens and glints and dinkles, And down the valley the woosing wamps, The ogby doodles, his wiptig phlinkles And Jog and Jellby are floored with damps. After this the meeting hooked it, filled to the brim witli Bungleana. •Every ono jmys for bis own drink. 