UNDER THE VERANDAH; The Emperor o! Russia has been pulling family matters in order. Ho has laid down rales regulating the order in which the title of Grand Duke and Duchess and Imperial High ness are given to the children and descendants of the reigning sovereign, and when they are to stop ; and the appanages and pensions have been revised oh a sliding scale, decreasing with each remove from the throne, till they are in the end abolished. There is wisdom in this that prolific sovereigns of other countries wonld do well to profit by. If every, child aud every child's child caused a new tax sterility would be among the first virtues of royalty. People would groan and murmur at every imperial baby, and even the most beneficent monarch, if he had the bump of philoprogcnitiveness strongly developed, would run the risk of breed ing a rebellion. A new and ingcuious form of advertising has been struck out by one of the many doctors who meet at the Assembly Hall in Coliins- strcet to discuss obscure points in Sbakspeare. This gentleman has made a diagnosis of the Merchant of Venice, and he declares that his liver was out of order, and that his medical attendant should have given him copious calomel. In no other way can the profound melancholy which marked him for her own be accouuted for ; and the conclusion we are left to draw is. that if this critical doctor had practised iu Venice instead of in Melbourne Antonio would soon have been restored to checrfuluess. After this we may expect to hear of every disease that every character of Sbakspeare was afflicted with, and the remedies that Collins-street would have applied. Othello's violent temper may have been caused by suppressed gout, and Desdeinona's life might have been saved by a timely dose of colcliicuin to her lord. Ilamlet had probably eaten pork chops, aud was suffering from indi gestion when he thought ho saw his father's ghost. Lear's brain was softening ; Falstaff bad fatty degeneration of the pericardium ; Cleopatra would certainly have died of caucer if she did not hasten matters by applying tho asp, and so on through the whole round of diseases. It would not at all surprise me to hear at the next monthly meeting speculation as to what would have happened to a wounded Shaksperian character if he had been taken into the surgical ward oi the Melbourne Hospital. There is nothing for a doctor like keeping his name well before tho public — even if his patients are imaginary onos ! In some of the municipalities a pretty strong feeling is expressed against the allowance made by councils to their mayors and residents. Iu Footscray the ratepayers have held au indigua- tion meeting, at which they liavo protested against Gd. in every pound of ralesthey pay going to the ornamental head of the borough, while tho same worshipful gentlemen reduced the wages of the council laborers to the extent of Gd. a day. The contrast of the two sixpences is very effective, and must tell forcibly if any of the laborers arc also ratepayers. B at the quarrel is so essentially a family one that no one out side tho borough Las any business to interfere in it. The mayor's allovrauce is not givou as a salary is given to.n clerk or foreman. It is not intended that lie shall be the richer, but rather that he shall not be the poorer by tho amount. It is given that ho may he ablo to dispense hospitality, subscribe to charities, and gener ally keep up the credit of the municipality. Of course a mayor may tako the view that the credit of the municipality requires that he shall put on a'clean shirt every day, have four new suits of clothes a year, tho best bonnets in tho borough for his wife, and that his. food shall bo of a character that will enablo him to com- pa're favorably iu point 'of fatness, with other mayors. It is difficult to make a hard and fast rule, biitl think that it would bo a good plan to havo'the mayoral accounts auditod at tho end of tho year, and that'au'y suoh expenses as were incurred by virtue' of his position should be: allowed to him. But even then the ratepayers who were not in municipal "society" would have cause to grumble at their Gd. in the pound going in balls and dinners instead of on foof- tiatiis and culverts. A poor man does not like the idea of being taxed in order that a few comparatively rich ones may have social en joyments. One of the most extensive advertisers in Mel bourne was speaking to me the other day about the refusal of the Minister of Education to allow the Lord's Prayer and the Ten Command ments to be hung up in the State schools, and as his remarks may help to a peaceful settlement of the question I have mucb pleasure in giving them. " If I were a Wesleyan," said ho, "that is the very thing I would like. We all know what boys are. Hang up the Prayer and the Commandments in their schools and they wonld never read them. But make placards of them with big headings of 1 Prohibited iu State schools! ' and post these over the country on gum trees, fences and dead walls, and IU bet you all I'm worth that before the end of the year every child in Victoria who can read will be able to say them through from beginning to end. If it were my business that's what I'd do, and if there were money in it thnt'9 what they'd do. They advertise a tea meeting or a special ser vice fast enough. Let them advertise the Lord's Prayer and the Ten Commandments." The University of Melbourne is fortunate in the possession of n Chancellor so enterprising aud business like as Dr. Hcarn, who i9 evidently determined that the institution shall receive the very highest possible return for the investment of its available capital. At the meeting of the council on Monday last tne finance committee .reported that the sum of £6000, received from :thc Government, had been deposited for six months with an institution outside tho circle of associated banks at 7 per cent. To Dr. Hearn's brilliant commercial enterprise is to be accorded the entire credit of this very profitable disposal of the University funds, for the treasurer was never consulted in the matter, nor was the finance committee. This is a practical exempli fication of Mr. Spurgoon's. sayiug that a committee of three work . best when two of them are absent. Dr Lecpcr appeared to be of opinion that there was something irregular and oven dangerous in Dr. Hearn's proceeding ; but surely if the Chancellor may sign cheques and draw money from the University funds without consulting the finance committee, and without the counter signature of the treasurer, he may bo safely permitted to make doposits to its credit. It would, of course, have been extremely awk ward had the Chancellor paid the amount re ferred to into the Oriental Bank just before its failure. Still in ready cash it would doubtless have been very acceptable to the liquidators. Unfortunately the fiaance committee are unable to uppreciato Dr. Hearn's financial prudence in the transaction, for they have recommended that in future nil deposits shall ba made with the Bank of Victoria. Iu the last quarter's report of the Mining de partment the case is mentioned of the miner who found the "Welcome nugget in 1858, who got £5250 for his half share in it, who invested in farming with the proceeds, who lost all he was worth, and who has now gone back to min ing. This is given to show the advantages of miniug over fanning. I can give another case that is as truo as if it appeared in a blue book. A man had a three-fourths share iu a ticket lor a £1000 sweep on the Cup race of 1832. He won £750, paid tho amount into a separate ac count at his bank, and determined to work upon it for gambling purposes pure and simple. Tiie week before last he showed me his bank book, aud explained the items ou the debtor aud creditor sides. His gambling account was then worth a trifle over £700. In tho 3 yearsnnd 0 months he made by sweeps and betting on horse racing, rowing, coursing and cricketiug — aud even by Chinese lotteries — £1250; but in the same time he was a loser by miniug transactions — which Mr. Laugtree may be shocked to hear he included iu bis gambling ac count — of £1300. If ho had stuck to legitimate gambling lie would now have £2000 to the good ; but lie unfortunately went into a gamo " be did not understand," and ho has suffered. T may add that previous to winning that £750 lie never ventured a penny iu gambling, and when it all goes— as he supposes it will if he continues to pluuge iu mining — he intends closing liis gambling accouut and living on his memories. In what he called his legitimate gambling," he included about £50 paid iu church and charitable art unions. " Nothing came back fo that, " said ho, ' oxcopt a few cushions, a fender stool that I put into the chil dren's room, and these slippers.". Iacase6ome farmer should be induced from Mr. l.angtreo's report to give up the plough for the pick aud shovel my friend's experience might make him pause. Audit would bo particularly useful for those who intend gambling, but hesitate be tween liorse3 and mines. I have au item which will lie of interest to footballers iu general anil to Mr. Joliu Gardiner, M.L.A.', iu particular. Some disgusted pluyor or disappointed backer lias brought under my notice thb circumstance that an act of Parlia ment passed in the reign of James I. reads as follows It is slatuta aud tho king forbiddes that nn luanno playc at yo fuloball under yo paino of fiftio schillings, to be raised to ye lord of ye land ais oft ais bo be tainted, of to ye schoriffe of yo land or his ministers, gif ye lords will" not punish eik thspossonnes." It is pos'siblo that,' though tliis statute has fallen into disuse it may 6tUI bo ju' force," and tho Gover nor,1 who uo doubt' represents " yo lord of ye lando." in the colony, might mako a good haul on; Saturday afternoon by raising " ye 'paine of fif tie schillings " from every "manna playing at ye futeball." Mr. Gardiner, before the next football season, should certainly take' counsel's opinion on tho matter; and if it. be. found that the statute is operative in Victoria he should, for the safety of his constituents, move for its immediate repeal. That much decried animal, the rabbit, is at last finding quite a large number of friends, and though their friendship is not of a sort which will prolong poor bunny's life it will at least confer honor upon him after liis death, which is too often as much as is accorded the world's greatest benefactors. Both in this colony and in New Zealand the conviction IS gaining ground that the presence of the rabbit isnot an unmitigated evil. In South land the rabbits have in many instances caused the » bursting up " of large estates much more effectually than would any system of progress- iye land tax, the cost of destroying therab- bits being too heavy for tho owners of many broad acres ; and during the recent depression in the wool market several of the New Zealand pastoralists neglected their flocks and devoted themselves to rabbit trapping, wif'i most satis- faptorv pecuniary results. Immense quantities of rabbit skins have been worked up locally and exported, and the account sales have shown such large profits that, in some quarters at any rate, all thonght of rabbit extermination seems at an end. A gentleman who is better known cn the platform of the Voting Men's Christian Associa tion than under the Verandah or in sporting circles was asked by a muscular Christian friend last week whether ho thought America t-r Australia would gain the final heat. "Tho final lieat?" said he in a tone that pious people' use' when they speak of another and a worse world. " Australia of course. "What else can you expect of a country that forbids the Bible to its children and strikes the name of the Saviour out of its school books !" Dr; Thomas Brown, one of tho most dis tinguished metaphysicians of the last century, remarked that " The greatest men may some times overshoot ihomselvcs ; but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruc tion.'' An illustration of this very wise re mark occurred at an agricultural show, which was hc.'d hot so very long ago aud not so very many miles from Melbourne. It appears that a certain machinery importer was firmly convinced that ho had an engine which could not bo excelled, and iu order to bring this fact prominently before the public lie pre sented, anonyinonsly, to an agricultural societva snm of money as a prize for the best engine of that particular description. There happened, however, to be another extremely enterprising machinery importer in the district, aud he, immediately the prize was announced, tele graphed to England and had a couple of engines of the stipulated kind forwarded by a fast steamer, arriving just in time to take the prize. Ah, well, " Those who arelifted on the highest hills of honor are tho nearest to tho blasts of enrious fortnne." ATTICUS. 