THE TEACHING OFFICE of flu CLERGY. I Yesterday afternoon the Rev. T. E. Hill, M.A., delivered the third of the St. James's course of lecture« in St. Jame«'« Church, tho subject being The Teaching Office of tho Clcrgv." Tho lecturer said there vero many different ideas ¡ prevalent with TPgnrd to tho purpose and value of the organisation of tho Christian Church, and with regard to tho relative position, authority, | and fane ti ons of tho Christian ministry ; but there was ono aspect of the Church which, though it was sot forth very plainly and repeatedly in tho pagos of the New Testament, was vet, strangely, too often overlooked and forgotten, or, nt any rate, not given that prominence which was Hssigued to it in "tho title-deed of our inheritance;" fnr whatever else the Church might bc, and whatever partial views there might bo of ¡ts object, it was flrat, and before all things a great, educational insti- tution. Such certainly would seem to bo tho idea of it formed by ita Divino Foiindor ; and tho Apostle« to whom lío entrusted tho task, nuder thc guidance of tho Holy Spirit, of giving shopo and fohn to Bi« idea, not only re- ceived from their Master such a training aa would flt thom to toko their place as leaders and organisera of such a society, but they also made lt plain by their writings that they considered it of vital importance that those who uk ou ld succeed them in their office should be mon who should ba "apt to teach." Tba object of our Lord's three years' mission on earth was not to preach the Gospel in person to every creature, for though His Gospel waa for all tho world, He Himself never went beyond Palestine. It waa not to bequeath a book to mankind, for Ile himself did not write a line. It was not to completo a theological system, nnn lo lcavo o regular religion in tho world, for in tho Gos- pels they found uo dogmnUc system unfolded ; nor was it to loivo behind nini a moro sentiment, a soothing remem- brance of Ono who bad walked thc earth in peace and bene- volence, and at last died an agonisingdenth for which no adequate explanation was vouchsafed to His followers- Not so. Hts wholo ministry was devoted to tlio training and pre- paration ot na evangelising society, through the medium of which a new life waa to bc gradually imparted to tho world, and in which men, being stimulated with new ideas of courage and confidence before God, were to live togothcr in harmony as one united brotherhood, each learning to use his special gifts and grace* for thc edification of tho wbolo body. It waa to this end that our Lord gathered round Him at thc beginning of His ministry twelve chosen men, who wero to bo the first omeo-bearers in His church. These disciples He kept con- stantly by bis side, so that they received tho advantage of His general teachings to tho multitudes, «nd also special private instruction. Uncultured and ignorant men thoy might be, not trained in tito Rabbinic schools, and utterly Inversed in any of th» teachings of tho great heathen philosophic*; but with tho exception of one (and perhaps at thc fir*t not oven excepting him) tiley wero good, patriotic, sincere men. lint they must have had other qualifications than these for the great work in store for them. Thoy wera to bo rulors of other men, of those holding the highest offices in an empire that bad brought the act of governing to tho highest pitch of excellence thc world hod ever soon ; they were to be teachers of those learned in all the wisdom of the agc ; and how should they cope with all tho imposing array of intellectual power, directing it into fuller and under channels, and turning it to higher and nobler uses, if they wcro not men of intellec- tual power themselves,-min of great natural gifts, which only needed to bo developed under a prudent tCRChrr to Sloco thom in tho first rank of teachers, philosophers, and >gudators. And with such a Teacher as they hod, and alter being for throe years in Mich a school of loaming and discipline as tho constant society of the Son of Mau, oven if before they had been utterly uncultured, they might feel sure, considering their wonderful influence and success amongst all classe* of sociotv, that thev wero qualified for their mission by soroo tbingmorc than'mcre goodness and piety and zeal for their Master's cause.. lt must (.uroly be altogether a very inade- quate and mistukenviow-though, seemingly, a vory prevalent one in these days-which would regard our Lord's choice of tho first ofiicc-bcaicrs in Hi» Church, and thc sucews which they subsequently met with, as quito independent of intellectual consideration. Thev must bo very far from the truth who would argue thcro from that, inasmuch as tho Apostles, with tho solitary exception of St. Paul, wero not learned in thc wisdom of thu world, those- who aro called to continuo thoir work needed only honest hearts and ardent Mel to ens uro tho success of their mission, and that lack of culture and educational opportunities would in such cuses bo assuredly made up for by supernatural gifts of grace. But while it might bo shown that the welfare of tho Church hud t» « very great extent been proportionate to the mental superiority of tho clergy, tho thoroughness of thoir teach- ing, and (hoir sympathy with learning, let it not bc supposed that they meant that tho society Christ came to inaugurate was founded on know- ledge rather than on giaw. A confidcrntion of our Lord's final inst ruc titos to llb» upostlcs as to tho counw they wcro to purono ofter His departure would keep them ritîht ou tliat point : for they were not to think of entering upon their stnpcndou* work of educating tho world until tlioy themselves had been ''clothed with power from on high;" nor were thoy to expect that mon would bo ablo to rwrive tho new truths they wcro commifsioned to teach unless thev wcro li wt baptised in tho name of tho Father, tho Son, ¿nd the lloiv Ghost : byvhieh baptism they were j with Christ.-a union tc*bo maintained and constantly | strengthened bv feedingoa His body and blfod in tho holv | eucharist. According to thc Divico plan men arc to be tim mudo disciples by the boMOwai of supernatural grace in tho suemment af baptism in order that thoy may bc able both to learn and lo du things which aro above tho power of un- aided human nature. Tho twofold office of tho Christian ministry wa.» clearly, distinctly, defined as (1) the office of administering thc sacraments of life and grace, and (2), thc office of teaching. For tho performunw of the first, th minister was little more (bun ti passive instrument in God's hand. But the Church was responsible far lhasa who had been received into God's family, for their spiritual education. That presented the othoras- pect of thc clerical office, its aspect as on ollica of teaching, lt was this sido of ibo clerical ofilce which should oppress those who occupied it, with a sonso of their im- perfections; it was this which might moko the candidate for holy orders hesitate, for though the graco given in ordination by thc laying on of bonds won a vciy real thing, it was given lo strengthen what already existed in tho ordained, therefore ho who hod no qualification for teaching others before ho was ordained, had no sound reason to expect that these things would be supernaturally conveyed to him. Tho ideal pastor was not only ono who wau a perfect example of holiness of Ufe, but one who was master of all thc branches of human know- ledge; ho who waa to instruct others in the way of salva- tion should be ono of tho widest sympathies, and capable af Îtutting himself itv thc position of all hts pupils. If thoo Dgy was not a moro matter of glibly quoting texts of Scripture in support of various party '. shibboleths." if it involved wida and drep study, then those who undertook to handle ft should undergo tho most thorough mental training avullablc ; no expenso should bo spared by those who bad at heart tho highest interests and welfare of tho Church to provide such A training, and every effort should be exerted to urge those appearing to have tho neces- sary qualifications to prepare themselves for tho ministry of souls. Thu idcul of tho clerical calling was indeed a high one, and their Church required that thc persons who sought holy orders should ' not only bo apt and meet to edify the Church by their godly conversation, but also by their learning. It wai thc glory of Ibo Church of England that at overy period of tho nation's history, amongst.the name« of England's greatest sana, tho names of her divines occupied no mean and insignificant place, lt was well that they should by that remembrance bo stirred up to a scn&o; of their responsibilities, to keep alive tho torch of learning. Ho could sot forget that much had been done for purely secular education, though he could not regard any that the limo for inculcating divine truths was so limited, it was all thc more necessary that thoao whose duty it waa to impart them should bo masters of their Bubject in all its manifold branches, nnd also that tho number of tho teachers should bo greatly increased. Speaking as a clergyman and as one placed in the rcsponaiblo position of'principal of the Theological Collego of this diocese, ho felt emboldened not only to point out what he conceived necessary for tho increase of the number and attainments of the clergy, but also to plead with thoso who had thc means, to consider whether thoy could notdo more than thoy had hitherto dono to give assistance'to thoso willing to bo ministers of Christ, but unable from pecuniary considoratiens to undergo the necessary training. As tothe necessity of increasing tho number of tho clergy, ho pointed out that If a parish consisted of 2000 or 3000 persons of all ages, and In somo cases mo», it was absurd to expect thnt ono man would bo nblo to do much to make the effects of his learn- ing falL And when lt was remembered that no constraint ibera of those under his chargo denied i and authority, it becamo evident mut oven a parish of fiOO people was all (no large, if hit I teaching was te have any chane« of success. True, there ' were Sunday schools, but ho feared that thoso who knew most about Sunday schools were by no means inclined to regard them as very successful agencies for touching ; for. and not only were tho parishioner* too often found to bo quito indifferent about it, but thin' often plumed them solves on being BO liberal as1 to nay him tho very moderate stipend of £300 or £-i0Ö a. year. Many reason« might bc assigned for this wretched state af thing«, but hu would only mention two-(1.) That the ordinary professing churchman had novor «naped tho idea of the church an an educational institution; and (2) that tho clergyman who was appointed to teach had but a von« small stock of knowledge to drew from, or waa incapable of imparting it to other*, and therefore tho people carno to th« oonclukion, judging all by one, that if thoy supported ono such useless individual it was quito as much os could be expected of them. Ho need hardly any that tho conclusion was not sound, for In many cosas so much work of a secular nature was thrown on a clergy- man's shoulders that after he had exhausted th« stock of knowledge with which h* carno «anlpped Into* nia p&rish;, he had little cr no time to rtph^wT*> In America, a church which had. had a lang«, «JJTÂ tho voluntary system than the Church oe» fif"* complaint that tba supply of candidates fer iaT2?> wes miserooly Inadequate, and that ths p*¿2«] elerey to the laitv had boen growing Braillait»* * years. Ho was afraid that tbe snpply wouldU^L? In anT church under n voluntary tntt^ Tg*! of tho tioapel ought not to look but even men of the most ardent m] it almost Intolerable to bo asked to ninittar ta, grcgBtion, and not to be provided with th* J.¿a in a style of the average member of it, or aothLu?. live at all without accepting alma. He wu cannai** our voluntary system was a great stumbb'«.y¿£¿*' way of properly qualified men looking forvsri h ? ministry as a «pbero in which they might usa fe J? lt waa also a tremendous hindrance m tbs Charta nt charging her functions as an educational Insta^T* their clergy wero to be cultivated t&ea;/h absolutely ' iwceasary both that their dfij. ¡¡J independence should be firmly seenrad, J ? ? that such decent provision should bo mali f- ¿7 that they might not be put in a constant stats of cjS os to ways and means to bring up their fsa¿£r? order to meet all the requirements of th» cats taw-; only, he thought, look forward in hope to a raailt crease of endowments at the hands of their TCSUWUL and pray that they might be stirred np to eraaaiT examplo of tho English Church and nstioa-û,,^ nnd munificent founders and benefactors of scaajk^1 leges, and universities-thoso whose names wtafrij in loving memorv with tho many parish chnrcba. i£? and cathedra Li which wero the glory of tish »2 land. When ho spoke of endowments he rtfeháu, only to cures and building of churches and pvtcsJr but also to tho endowment of schoUrships at Iheb ià2 and colleges. If the poor men were tobe deniedim^^ the clerical order they might bB tempted to itaaàl tho futuro of their Church, for unless all cü¿¡ . Eocietv could feel that they had a common interest bs Church-above all, in her clere)'-her power sad i¿-*¡ for good would become leas ana less. 