NET FISHING IN THE DERWENT. Sir, One cannot but keenly appreciate the flagellation administered to " Kerosene Tin ;" vulgar little boys should have firm firm. But the quality of mercy is not attained in such a rebuke, and a merciful man is merciful to his beast, eye, when an "Old Chum" presents himself, saddled and bridled, one ought to sit upon him lightly Have not the " Old Chums " some little reason for their scorn of New Chums I Say yes, in far too many instances. Pro example, when a new chum parson, oblivious of his cloth, is overcome of hospitality, and 8 as profane and more disagreeable than a "Haythcn Chinee," who can wonder at an "Old Chums" disgust? Again,- what does' one see and hear? Railway embankments . so clever in construction that they prefer a horizontal to a vertical position, bridges described in your valuable paper as too narrow for traffic, and plans so deftly designed as to be "honours to the contractor, who throws all the blame "Now Chum;"groupsol buildings, butlatolyereetod, altered, or pulled down, as to their points, at the expense of that poor creature the public. Naturally "Old Chum" growls at the architectural "New Chum, who stuck 'out for the fun of pulling 'cm down again. Then Algernon de Clauk hooks a fish, and " New Chum," to stop the destruction of fish, advises that "'Arry " and "'Arnot and fisherman Bill shall net and polish off all the little fish that remains, just. as 1 you know, as a measure of common justice, ah ! and (to crown all as a grand tour de force puts up a palisade in which to breed fish or oysters, by touches of sewage in salt water. If you don't believe it, go to Sandy Bay and see it. Then our much enduring "Old Chum " loses the college cadet corps. Is it a corpse and sees names on the college staff, of which some never touch, and the others depart at the time in a kaleidoscope, only five changes in six mouths, graduates depart, and non graduates teach all things necessary even to French as spoken at " Stratforddo-le Bowe." "Old Chum is miss aided, and awaits some " ghost who will a tale unfold " of a new chairs sweet little ways. "OldChum" growls, but growls at the wrong man. It really is " Old Chum " himself who will always do the wrong thing. We wanted an inspector of forests. Meu eminently fitted for the office were here, regular Tower " old chums," but other old chums" wouldn't have 'can. No, sir, they must have a spick and span "new chum," who has to learn our soils, trees, and climate. Had " Scrutator" known how unlucky our " old chums " are in their selection of " new chums," I am sure he would have been more merciful. Why not help young Tower and fit him for the places and offices filled by "new chums?" It will be done, doubtless, when the " Douglas " "Luckstone," and, for the first time drinks the toast of the great Australian Republic. Yours, etc, SYMPATHY. March 12 A Scni.DTKO Woman. The barbarities of the ducking stool for the cure of scolding women, though abolished by law, are now often times practised by a kind of social barbarity none the less reprehensible. Women scold only when they are ill. Instead of blaming those who should prescribe Am. Co's Hot) Bitters, 'the entire system will undergo a Benia), pleasant change. i The nerves will be quieted and acerbity of word and thought will give place to amiability and affection. healthy women do not scold or tree. Road. <"- a I 'ran out 5 J- L : i 