THE CAULFIELD RACES, t -.- 1 FirST DAY. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, October 10. THE first day's racing in connection with the Melbourne V.A.T.C. meeting was held at Caulfield on Saturday. Slight rain fell just before the races commenced, but there was a very large attendance. The whole arrangements were perfect, A protest by Halos that Maddelina, the winner of the Guineas, interfered with Volcano, was dismissed. The following are particulars of the various events : MAIDEN PLATE 1 Milo. Nowmastor. 7st. 7lb. Bruce) 1 Highland Chief, 8st. 5lb O'Brien) 2 Yule Cake. "3 The following also started Crown Brand, Ex-Premier, Dunrobin, Aristocrat, Empress, Islander, Lord of Manor, Buckley, Menotte, Rouge ct Noir, Lara, Rosamond, Hot Iron, Crane, Royster, and Repose, Betting : 4 to 1 v. Menotte, 5 to 1 Lara, 6 to 1 Highland Chief and Islander, 10 to 1 Now master and the Robber. The field were sent off well together, Menotte leading, a length off Highland Chief Yule Cake and Now master showed the way round the back of the course, and round the turn for home Newmaster dashed out suddenly first into the straight, but for want of condition, only got home half-a-length clear of Highland Chief, Yule Cake third, four lengths off the robber, who was fourth. Time, 1min. 46sec. HANDICAP HURDLES 2 Miles. Huntsman, list 3lb (Corrigan) 1 Bonnie Lad, Oat 11lb Gardner) 2 Yetagain, 10st. 3lb. .. " ( V. Ferguson) 3 Ocean, Purse, Revenge, Sinking Fund, Grenitas, and Urilus also started. Betting : 2 to 4 v. Huntsman, 3 to 1 Ocean, 6 to 1 Bonnie Lad, and 7 to 1 Revenge. Huntsman, Bonnie Lad, and Ocean almost immediately took up the running, but were shortly supplanted by Revenge, who showed the way past the stand up to the hill, being ten lengths from Huntsman. The field closed up at the back of the course, and Ocean got within a length of the leader, who died away at the home turn. Huntsman and Bonnie Lad entered the straight almost together, and drew away from the others. Huntsman lasted the longest, and won by two lengths. Yet again was a moderate third. Time, 3min. 58sec. GREAT FOAL STAKES 1 Furlongs. Hortense. 7st. 10th (Campbell) 1 Yetman, 8st. 2 .. (Colley) 2 Perhaps, 7st. 10lb. (Fogg) 3 The following also started Albert, Loddon, Prattler, The Dreamer, Pontifex, Abydos, Epicurean, Lady Level, Nectarine, Cbrystine, and Sumatra. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Yetman, 8 to 1 Epicurean and Sumatra, 100 to 15 Hortense, 7 to 1 Pontifex, 8 to 1 Perhaps. Hortense got several lengths the best of the start. The others, with the exception of Nec- marine, went off in a line ; Epicurean, Perhaps, Yetman, and Prattler ran forward, close together. Albert and Loddon then fell back, and Hortense held the advantage, and won with great case by several lengths. Yetman and Perhaps ran a dead heat for second place. Epicurean and Lady Level were close together next. Time, 51sec. The CAULFIELD GUINEAS 1 Milo. Maddelina, 8st. " .. (Colley) 1 Volcano, 7st 5lb. (Hales) 2 First Consul, 8st. 5lb. (Power) 3 Donald, Retort, Blairgowrie, Chesham, and Gadfly, also started. Betting : Even on Volcano, 5 to I Blair- gowrie and Maddelina, G to 1 Gadfly, S to 1 First Consul, Volcano almost immediately took the lead, and at the end of the first furlong was followed in order by Chesham, First Consul, Blairgowrie, Gadfly, Retort, Donald, and Made- line. Round the bend at the back of the course Chesham showed a neck in front, Volcano and Maddelina last past the mud wall, Mad- delina then made a remarkable run up to Volcano, and led with White's horse into the straight. Maddelina had a neck advantage over Volcano, who was jammed close up to the rails. After a splendid struggle Maddelina won by half-a- length, First Consul being only a bare half head behind Volcano, Blairgowrie fourth, close up, then with a gap of three lengths carne Chesham. Time, 1min. 46sec. AUSTRALIAN HUNTERS'' Ctr STEEPLECHASE About 2 Miles. Goldfinder, 12st. 7lb (Mr. J. O. Inglis) 1 Union 12st (Mr. McCullock) 2 Abdallah, 13st. (Mr. C. Glasscock) 3 The following also started Charcoal, Narronung, Ajax, Curiosity (late Duplicate), Dundee, Gold Top, Champagne, Baldy, Salesman Lara, Bungle (late Bailiff), and Cotter stone. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Union, 4 to 1 Charcoal, 6 to 1 Narronung and Salesman, 7 to 1 Abdallah, and Curiosity, and 10 to 1 Goldfinder. Charcoal and Salesman led off together. The field commenced testing off after the first fence was negotiated. The third fence brought down Gold Top. The positions then changed considerably. Ajax fell at the last fence at the far side over the treble, Charcoal led Baldy, with Union and Salesman last, and also led up the hill and along the back with Cottcrstono and Union. Cotterstono fell at the last fence at the back. At the mud wall Charcoal had a nasty fall, and Abdallah had gone his distance at the last fence Union led Salesman into the straight, but Goldfinder drew on the others and won by two lengths from Union, Abdallah a poor third. Time, 5min. lace. a..,;,, TnoHAic HANDICAP Mile. Middlomaroh. BHt. 3lb. (Power) 1 Rich worth 9st. 8lb F J.. (Turner) 2 Hogmanay, OBI. 12lb. (Gorry) 3 Chuckster, The Ghost, EAgle Grange, Camerino, Medea, Huron, Duke of Athol, Ellington, Bonnie Doon, Clarendon, Harness- ton, Vascoja, Maroney, Millstream, Western, Mustang, Blondin, and Eugenie also ran. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Hogmanay, 3 to 1 Middlemarch, 8 to 1 Huron, Ellington, and Richworth, 10 to 1 Chuckster. Vascosa led along the back of the course down to the turn. Hogmanay then came out and looked like winning, until Middlemarch, answering the call gamely, won by a length, Richworth just beat Hogmanay for second place Time, 1min. 47sec. 