THE TIGER'S EYE. Colorcl Vandelcur was an officer who, more than once, had done a good delt more than smell powder. As a mere boy, frcah from Etoo, be went out straight to tho Crimea, and got his first promotion for headi'ng a little party of volunteers who cap tured a rile-pit, and from it turned the enemy's line by taking them in flank. This distinguished service had marked him out very early in his career, and he was one of those whose interest at the Horse Guards had been strictly due to personal merit, and not to private influence. At the time of our story he was still in the prime of life, capable of any amount of hardship and fatigue, a keen sportsman, and, among men at any rate, a universal favourite. Nor were his good looks spoiled in any way by his glass eye. Some sand, thrown up by a Russian shell which had burst in the trenches, had struck him in the face, and his r:ght eye had to be sacrificed. In its place he carried an eye of glass, which was perfectly well matched, and almost lefied detection, his own featuren being, as a rule, if not exoetly stolid, certainly very far from vivacious. He had made but one mistake in his life. At the age of forty-vire he had married a girlof eighteen, and he was now playing Hercules to her Omphlale, and tile veriest slave of her caprices, down to the slightest detail. The match had been a matter of regret to all his friends, many of whom had found that the young wife's intolerable self- assertion and patu lance made it impossible for them any longer to see theirc old comrade, c.: cept on rare occasions at the club. Now, it so happened that the Colonel and his wifo were staying at the Bed ford Hotel, at Brighton, and that Sir Oreville Sykes was also fixed in quarters at the Old Ship. Vandeleur and Sykes had known each other for some years, and so it was only natural that the Vandeleurs coming acro::s Sykes at Mutton's should ask him to dinner, and afterwards see a good deal of him, and that they should make up between them, more or less, a litt'e party of three. A stroke of luck had befallen Van dolour. An old uncle, a retired chioe clerk in Chancery, had died suddenly, leaving him all his money. Ninety five thousand pounds is a very com fortable sum. The sooner yoea get it out of the hands of the lawyers and into your own, the better. So Van deleur was always hurrying up to London, and, as he expressed it, peg ging away at the musty old dullards of Lincoln's Inn Fields. One day he had a downright explo sion with the second partner of the eminent firm of Tail, Tail, Remainder, and Tail, and had even gone the length of threatening to transfer his business to the younger and quicker hands of Messrs. Shortcroftand Raid. This so terrified the man o" taps, that le not only promised to wlnd the whole business up in a fortnight, but actually suggested a cheque for a couple of thousand pounds for any little immediate needs, and, what is more, drew the document and signed it. "This is jolly," said Vandeelur to himself. " It is now only twelve, and I can easily be back for dinner." So first he drove up to the bank and cashed the cheque; then he paid the bulk of the money into his own bank; and thoun lie had some sherry and a cariaro sandwich at the Rag. Next he strolled up into Bond-street and made some purchases-soma gloves, a bracelet, and a sunshade for his wife, together with a most charming silver chatelaino. And for himself, half a dozen boxes of cigars and a walking-stick to which he took a fancy. Then he returned to his club to lunch. Being much encumbered with the dust of travel, lie set to work about his ablutions in earnest, and before commencing them removed his glass eye. It somehow slipped throuzh his fingers, fell with a crash on the stone floor, and splintered into a thou sand fragments. Now, it is not so easy, as Vandelour knew, to got a glass eye at a minute's notice. You must deyote a morning to the carrying out of such a matter, and have your own eye very carefully matched. It is as troublesome an undertaking as a visit to your dentist. So he resolved to make a second visit to.London next week, and bring up his wife, with carte blanche to ran sack Bond-street and Regent-street on her own account. Meantime, he hurried round to the eminent taxider mist who had always set up all his big game for him, and explained his position. "I don't want to go down to Brighton with a green patch, you know," he obserred. "What can you do for mof" "We don't keep human eyes, sir. You should go to an optician's or a surgical instrument-maker's." "So I will when I am next in town, or will come up on purpose to do it. Bur I've only twenty minutes in which to catch my train, so you must fir me up somehow." The shopman hesitated, but at last produced a box with trays full of eyes of every kind. One was at last selected which fitted fairr well. " It will do," said the Colonel, as eha looked at himself in the glass. " At all events, it is better than nothing. What beast was it meant for ?" " A tiger, sir." The Colonel laughed as he took his change. " Begad, I ought to have known it," said he, " without being told! If any one knows a tiger's eye, it's your humble servant. I've shot them, ah ! by the score, the brutes." The shopman thought his customer was bouncing, and was just about the giggle, when he suddenly looked at the Colonel, seemed to catch an awk ward expression in his features, and recovered himself abruptly. Away rattled Vandeleur in a quick hansom to Victoria. " Drive sharp,' he said. When deposited at the sts tion, he tendered the Jehu his legal fare. The fellow looked at it in dis gust. " Why, what's this ?" he wai begning, when he suddenly seemed to think better of it. " Beg your pardon, sir; I was thinking it was from Camberwell." And he clam be,'ed iunto his seat and went melita trvely away. "I'd as soon drive the devil hi: self," he said, when he joined his friends upon the rank. "It was awful. Talk of MJr. Newfield! He can look at you and reckon you up, he can. Eut no beak in London's ii it with this cove. 'Six months,' I heard 'im say. Leastways I heard 'im look it. That's to say, I see him look it." Innocent of all this, the Colonel purchased an assort"nent of piper, and seated himself in a carriage. It was a very odd th;ng, he thought. Actually a lady who was in the swsaw compartment whispered something to her husband in a state of great excite ment. The guard was summoned, and they transferred themselves to another carriage. "A curious busi ness," said the Colonel; "they can't take me for the ghost of L-afray.' Then the train started, and he settlel down to his papers. From the *tation he drove to the Bedford, telling the porter to bring up his packages. His wife was seated in the window, busied with Ouida's latest effort of imagination. She jumped up and came to meet him. " I was wondering when. you would return," she said. '"I thought par haps you might stop and dine at your club, and come down by the last train, or perhaps to-morrow morning." "Why should you think that?" he asked, not at all unnaturally. It was annoying, when he had come come down with a lot of presents for her, that she should not be more cor dial in her welcome. She looked at her husband for a moment, made a step towards him, then turned round, threw herself upon the sofa, and burst into tears. " 0, don't kill me ! Don't kill me! I've been dreadfully wicked, horribly wicked, but don't kill me ! " * s sr * a s Colonel Vandeleur went back to town that night by the late express, and took up his quar ters at an hotel in Jermyn street much frequented by his bachelor days. Next morning he received a short letter from his wife, which was at once incoherent and yet explicit. Also it was trathful, which her letters, as a rule, were not. He meditated a good deal, andwent round to Lincoln's Inn Fields. Then he went to the club, hunted out an old friend, and took him to dinner. they dined tete-a-tcie in a private room, and sat talking until very small hours in the morning. The consulta tion over at last, the Colonel wrote a letter, and a confidential clerk from the office of his solicitors took it down next morning to Brighton to make sure of personal delivery. "At my time of life I am averse to a scandal, nor have I any wish to marry again. I have no secrets and no attachment, or even an ordinary entanglement, that I have hidden from you. Your position will not be affected. Your settlements will re main as they are. But I impose one condition on yeo. You will have to live at Southwold, whether you like the place or not, and I forbid you to leave it even for a day, except by the written orders of my doctor, who will at any time come down from London to see you. "I may also tell you that your movements will be duly and regularly reported to me. A day will be enough for you to make your ar rangements. On any business mat ter, however small, you may write to my solicitors. "There is thus nothing that neod trouble you. For myself, I am leaving England, and have no 'fixed plans. If you write to me, I shall refer the letter to my soliciters, so that you may spare yourself all attempts to shake an irrevocable de termination. Were you not a Pro testant, I should advise you to go to a convent. As it is, I have done the next best thing for you. " CIIAR.LES VAwNDELEUR." Mrs. Vandoleur is much respected at Soathwold, whore the curates and the old maids compare her troubles and sorrows to those of poor dear Lady Byron. Slo is very charitable and immensely energetic, and on minor points of parish administration Rector defers to her." Colonel Vandelour himsolf is yacht ing and shooting, not extravagantly at all, but in true sporLsman'liko fashion. His hair is grszzled, but he is still as erect as a dart, and, as his friends profanely put it, w1th coverb allusion to the ten princip:l misfortunes of his life, " his eye ih not dim, nor his natural force abated:'-World. 