DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A. GHOST STORY. 13v ,TUILAh I{AWTIIORISE. Cuxvc'a H o Four of us belonged to and con stituted a club, called tho Four- spot Club, which mot four times a month at W?allio Dinsmoroe's study. We there drank a boverage composed of four ingredionts, smoked four cigars opiece, and played poker four hours. Our mystic number was illustristed by various other symbols and observances, which, however, I am not at liberty to mnake public. We wore a close cor poration. Each member had his oflicial title. VWallio was Straight Flush, Moorfiold Sarcoy was Ace High, Hamilton Puckeridge was Game, and I was Chips. Wore I to reveal the mystic significance of those shibboleths, the firmnament would be rolled together like a scroll, and the stars would fall upon the earth. Mrs. ])insmore occasironally looked in benignly upon our proceedings; but that was only to make us fool that Wallio was acting under her permis sion, and that she approved of us in tlohe abstract. CHTArTEIr II. " Midnight!" said Wallio, as the small clock on the mantel-piece struck the hour which divided the 4th from the 5th of November, 1884. " Empty your glasses, boys, and count up your chips." " "Who's got a light?" said Moor field, who always lot his cigar go out during a game, and smoked betweeon times. "Don't you yet know where the miatches are kept P" asked VWallie, severely. "Look in the china box on the top of the book-case botweeon the-" "I'm ahead !" interrupted Hamilton Puckoridgo. "I know I should be. :lour dollars, please." "Liston 'to the Thibotian philoso lpher,!" said Chips, satirically. "Ho has got now so that he can foretell the issues of his own chicanery." "Bly-tho-way, H.P.,"said Moorfield, sucking at his cigar, "what's all this I hear about your magical acquire Inont ? Can you really work off any juggles ?" "I munst request that no one hero will refer to this matter in afrivolous spirit," interposed Wallio with great gravity. "1. have seen something.of 1-amilton's powers, and they should bie spoken of only with awe and roveronc. I was myself a seeptic at first, but now I believe. The other night, at the Scroll Club, half a dozen of us staid over, and Hamilton said that he could'blindfold any one of us, and then c6mpel him, by-" " Oh, give nus a rest! " Puckoridgo exchlimce . "You make me tired." "--By sheeoor force of will," Wallio continued, to' dome straight up to him from the other side of the room. We tied a handkerchief round Chipps here, tinned him round seven times, and then brought him up within ten feet of wheoro Hamilton was, and startled him off. Haniiltonstood with his arms stretched out toward the subjcct and beckoning to him with his fingers. Now comes the wonderful s.art. Chips turned his hack upon Jmm "[That's all right," said Puckeridgo, setting his eyeglasses," but I can toll you there's sometling in it." "-Ho turn'ed his back upon him," Wallio went on, " and after pausmfg a moment to catch the indications of thei mystorious will-power that was drawing him, hlie set off down the room. We sat there with bated breath. Hamilton never stopped beckoning, and the perspiration started to Iris brow. Chips kept straight on, tumbling over the tables and chairs, until he got to the further end of the room. H?o tried to get through the wall-such was the awful power of Hamilton's will-but as lihe couldn't, he turned round and came back. When hle got' nearly to the pilace he started from, so that he could hear Hlanilton panting, he stopped, and said he didn't feel the indications any moro ; and Hamilton dropped into a chair, "oxhausted by his triimph. Who could remain a sceptic after that? It cured me." "Perhaps you are not awaro," said Mfoorfiold, "that a native adopt in these supernatural sciences has lately landed on our shores, and is at this' moment in New York. . forget the first two or three incheso of his name, but we call him Mr. Chosunder. 'He hais been welcomed into the most' eox elusive circles of metropolitan aris tocracy, and the nose of our friend Viscount Flick-Plack is irremediably out of joint. " I hiave heard of him, but Ihavon't - seen him," said Puckoridgo. "Have you ?" "Well, to some extout, I may say I have. The other evening I onjoyed the distinction of occupying the same environment with him for a time." "After a certain hour in the evening Moorfieold alwa?'s talks like an auctioneer trying to knock down the Sworks of Herbert Spencer," remarked Chips. "While Chips' conversationsuggests the misanthropy of one whose wares no auctioneer would look at," re joined Moorfieold, in allusion to the current belief that Chips sometimes sent verses to the magazines. "What sort of a chap is he ?" in quired Puckoridgo. "He gives one quite a pleasant idea of tlhe society of the Thibotau plateau. Distinguished manners, courtly address, and Oriental appear anice. Kiows Colonel Ocott and' 3fadaino Blai'atsky, is himself a past graudmaster of Theosophy, and pays compliments in all the fashionable SIropecan and Asiatic languages." " T .English, too ?" "The purest Bolgravian. His voice is low-an excellent thing in Theo sophy; i he has an interesting way of appearing and ranishing mystoriously); and, in short, produces a general im pressian of being his own-" "Boot-black ' "Best friend ?" "Worst enemy ?" "If you are quite through, gentleo meun ?-astral." "Gas, I should have said," put in WVallie, yawning. "'Where does he give his entertain msnts?" asked Puckeridgo, jingling hris four dollars in his trousers pocket. "And what is your conmmnis sion ?" added Chips. " Fulgis omrnia valgirr. Tile emi nent Ilindoo prophct of whom I speak does not display his powers for lucre. Indeed, hoe is said to wear the Philosopheor's Stone in his seal ring." "Then what, in the name of the prophiet, is lie doing hero ?" demanded Chips. "olo means to marry an American girl, and start a posterity of Indio American creoles," said Wallio. " Well, I must interview him," ob served Puckeridge. "I'veo got a theory aboiut hypnotism-" "Derived from yourpractice?"askod Wallio. IDon't be an ass," said Puckeridgo, testily. "'Hypnotism is a recognized scientific fact, and physicians use it in their practice. Look at the lobndon 'Psychical Research' pamphlets. There's no sense in laughiug at a thing because you don't understand it. It's a species of magnetism." "I have occasionally operated alittle in that line myself," remarked Moor field. " Another ?" exclaimed Wallie. "'Lhis is very sad." " Tell us about it," said Puckeridge. "How do trains run between here and Harlom?" inquired Chips, with a sigh. "The best was my brother," sail 'Moorfield. ." I put him in a: clair with his eyes closed, and began waving my claws over him. lie sat quite still and took no notice,and I laboured over him for 15 minutes, until I got tired. At last I told him to get up. Well, gentlemen, I joined the 22nd Regiment five years after the close of the war, I have danced in full regi mentals at the -Academy of Music, and my courage is beyond question; but that brother of mine scared me bald-headed." " Did he snore?" asked Willie. "He got up, but his eyes were shut just tihesame. I moved back step, and he followed me. I put my right hand in my pocket; he put his left hand' in his pocket. By that time I was interested, and I went through all the capers I could think of. It was just liko standing in-front of a looking glass; hie imitated me down to the twinlle of a nostril-eyes shut all the time." "W1Lat are you givinlg us?" ex claimed Wallie, twisting his huge red mustache. "I'm giving it you straight, just as sure as you're alive. Well, my young friends,I gotscaredabdutithattime, and yelled at him to wake him up. I might as well liave malde love to a bedpost. Then I started for the door to got soinebody to help nie; and that boy followedmo step for stop, and turn for turn, for all the world like practicing goose-step. I dodged into a room and locked the door betveen us, and by theo Great EgyTptian Bla'ckingjug! lhe stood with his nose glued to that door u?til I gave up and opened it. We soet tho doctor on him, and he tried overy thling shdrt of blowing him up with dynamite, and the fellow never wagged an eyelash. This thing went on from eleven in the morn ing till nine o'clock at night. Then an individual appeared upon the scene who happened to know some thing about magnetism (this was your humble servant's initial experiment, if you please), and hlie told me to re verse the downward caressess by which I had wooed himto repose. So I took ofE my coat and sailed in, but it was half-past ten beforoIlfetched him; and since then I have used miy awful power with more discretion. The trouble with Tom was that I had put him to sleep with theo first half-dozen passes, and all the rest of the fifteen minutes I was just wiring him down and tying double knots over him." "You will find the matches in the china box on tlhe top of the book-case," began Wallio, in a somnolent tone. "Look here, Moorfield, is that honest Indian?" said 'Puckeridge, much interested. "Frozen truth," replied Moorlfield. " Well, by George, it's as good as I want! Why didn't you tell me before ? I say, you must come over to my rooms some night. We'll try some experiments. If we could only get a. proper'subject, we might have a go at chiirvoyance. "Boys," interrupted Wellio, getting up and removing his coat resolutely, "'I'm going to bed. You may do as you like, of -course, but I hope vou'll go home. If Hamilton Puckeridgo has clairvoyance enough leftto.got his pass-key into the keyhole, it will be as great a miracle as I expect of him. Don't all go at once; don't tumble downstairs; and try to scare up a new topic of conversation for next week." CnHsr'nn III. In 18Sii, or thereabouts (I heard the substance of the story from Moor field Sarcey, who was a great friend 6f mine-we were in the School of Mines at Fzrieberg together), an American gentleomnai and his wife, by the name of Vansittort, wore travel ling in Europe. They had come abroad for their wedding trip, and having practically exhausted England, France, Spain, Germany, Italy, and Greece in six monouths, finally, to escape cold aeathior and to got new impres sions, crossed over to Cairo. Their original idea was to visit the cataracts, but as there was a difficulty that year in getting dahabeeoyahs, they at length made up their minds to cross thie isth mus and investigate India, of whichl they had heard glowing accounts. The Suez Canal was not at that period in working order; imovertlibless; thy reaclhed the Red Sea without any .noteworthy adventure, and took ship thence to Calcutta, city of .palaces. Having letters of introduction to some American and Englishresidentst they entered the society of the place, and: enjoyed .the novel seissationt of i tropical Christmas. Mrs. Vian sittert was a very onterprising lady, and though her condition at the time was not such as to Warant much physical exertion, she presently con ceived a stromig desire to proceed northward and investigate some of the less well-kilown regions in thevicinity of the HIimalayan range. Some tra vellers whom she met, and who had lately returned thence, gave stimu lating .accounts of the c:ave-temples with their strange carvings, andspoko of a mysterious society of. persons lwho were' supposed to hold meetings in some of those forgotton cavemrns and practicoe magical arts. Mrs. Van sittert had seen some of the native jugglers and fakirs; and having a taste for marvels; bad been much delighted with -them ;' but she was given to understand that' their performances were altogether on a lower level than those of the true adepts, the IHierophants of Thibet; and to make the acquaintance of one of these transcendent beingstbeiame' hi~ lfed ambition. 'Mr. Vans'ittert 'ioitieitf belioved in nor- cared for anything: supernatural, 'nior 'Wiv'is he especially interested in ancient Indian architec ture, but he"adored his' ivife; and would have followed her to the top of' Mount Everest, if she: had insisted upon going thithelr. Accordingly, he caused such preparations for the journey to be made as would most offectively diminish the hardships and enhance tlhe attractions, and they set out about the: last of Doddmber, in tending to be gone a month. The ancient city, of "Benares was their first'objective~point, ahdthey re solved for the present to make their head-quatoers thiro;, bnd project ex cursions. into the neighbourhood. Dowletabad, 'in the provincb of Arun gabad, though .ascarcely more than a region of ruins, was made the base for an advance to the table land of the mountains of Ellora, where some of the more remarkable caves and exca vations were to be found. The lofty and rocky acclivities, in tower-like peaks, and. vast cubical masses, clothed with scanty herbage, or wholly naked,- and with clumps of stunted buhces growing in clefts hdrd . ahd there, suround an almost level space resembling the stage of some Titanic amphitheatre. The atmosphere in those altitudes is dry and pure and comparatively cool, and the sky over head soeems to have a. greater depLth and 'transparency' than- .elsewhere. Tlhersc are little or no signs of habita. tation, but the loneliness is rendered more impressive by the remnants of strange and almost prehistoric arcli tecture that adorn thie iron faces of the cliffsinad tIheo gloomy' openings of tlio caverns. The latter are bf un known extent and dopthl, and their exploration save under adequate guid ance; is not unattended by some dan ger, even leaving out of account the sources of superstitious terror whlichl cling to tie spot.' But Mrs. Vansittert was afraid of nothing, and did not wish her enjoyment of the weird and mysterious to be marred by thopresencoofunsympathetic natives; and thereforo when she and her hus band set forth'one afternodnto 'niako a preliminary iuvestigation of these colossal catacombs, they went alone. In every direction, and at various elevations' on the sides of the moun tains, were visible holes and apertures in tlhe rock,'partly natural and partly human handiwork, though the hands that wrought them had been dust for perhaps thousands of years past. Thoentsrnnce to the larger openings - the cave-temples -were' mairked by gigantic sculptures cavred out of the living stone, and producing an effect as if thIe mountain were gradually quickening into animal shapes. The two Americans, having the world before them whore to 'choose, could notfor sord' time make up their minds which of the mystic jortals looked the more inviting; but rs.' Vanisittert finally decided to make trial of a stately corridor along both sides of whiich w'ere drawn up scomingly interminable rows of enor inous ,elephants, dark'; soleins iiid bonderous as tihe mountain that had given themo birth. The rocky floor was level,andhadbeenworn smooth by the shuffling feet of foigotten genera tions; but some distance inward an imponderable dust had'gathered iupon it,-probably the result of the gradual decay of the.roof and the walls. By . this time the liglht- of day'trsbaming' in from time entrance had:'diininiished to a twilight that was almost darkncs3, and Mr. Vansittort- lit thie torches which he and his wife had brought with them; The corridor now took a turn to ward tihe left, and "diininished con siderably both in breadth and height;. and t'here .was. also a p1erceptible' descent, notin a unifoirm slpe, but in a series of very wide and shall?w steps. At the bottom of the descent came another turn, sharper tlihan the first, and then another level stretch, which finally led into a large, irregular hall, with a dbmni6-likoe roof, and the sides of which 'upon eunamination; were seen to be covered with a low bass relief of allegorical figures. . The atmosphere "in this hall was dry but chilly,, and .the stillness and silence were oppressive. The slightest -sound 'made by the adventurers was exaggerated, asd. prolonged by the echoing walls, and seemed to travel afar into remote re ceasses, and then ti come back with faint whispers and mnurmurings of awe and bewilderment. Had any human- being been within hailing' distance; his footsteps 'along" tlh passageways would have sounded like the tramp of a giant. But thel young wife and husband had the place to themselves, and had they been at tihe centre of the earthl, their solitude' could not have seemed more complteo. SMr. Vansittort now thought it high time to be' tairni?g their steli's home ward, arguing that they had probably lhad a good sample of anytlhing they lshould be likelyto find; thalt they had already been absent nearly two hours, and that it would be nightfall by tlhe tinbothey reiechled Dbovletabad.d Mrsi Vansittert protested, she ,would like nothing betoer than to 'ispnd the night in wandering about'the caverns; buit as this was manifestly impractic -able, she yielded to lier husband's re presentations, and they set out on their return. ,FEor a whfile they pro -ceeded \vithoiut' anIy ccident, but at hist MIrs. Vansittert observed that they seemed to be going.down instead of upward, as they ought to do. (yo as coNrTmINUE.):, 