A Bicycle Romance. A lovely maid, In the cooling shade, Of a wayside tree was lying 5 When over the road, With an unknown load, An unknown steed came flying. Tt was indeed, A wondrous steed, In strength and grace ideal; Light as a breeze, Swift yet with ease, It flashed it's ribs of steel. But the rider sighed, As the maid he spied, And he breathed a silent prayer; "Would the fates decree In their might that he, Should win that maiden fair!" And the sweet girl's heart Gave a sudden start, Like a timid fluttering dove; No signs of fear In her face appear, But the beautiful tints of love. 'Twas a Providence kind, This plan designed, And etiquette's laws defied; A crash, a groan, And the stranger thrown From his saddle, lies at her side. He dreamed that a white ' Robed angel, bright, Had blocked the way before him 5 He awoke to find The most lovable kind Of an angel, bending o'er him. And time may erase, From his sun-browned face, All marks of the mischief done j But time can never Those two hearts sever, Joined together by fate as one. — A black boy, employed by F. K. Bode, of Bromby Park, was sent to Mackay on the eleventh of Decem ber. He was afterwards found dead on the way, murdered by blacks. A Townsville Italian, named Pat Molloy, was having a nip on Rosa Island, to where he had lately removed, a few nights ago, in company with his crony, Mick O'Hara, and a mutual friend. Having occasion to cross the creels to make some purchases, before departing, he received an assurance from Mick that " he wouldn't stir till he'd come back," and ac cordingly embarked in the ferry- boat with his usual equanamity. After his shopping was finished, as he was returning by Charlie Gandy's pub., he happened to remark a very handsome pictured almanac inside, and; being of an artistic turn, could not resist making a closer examination of it. This business occupied a considerable time—several hours in fact—and it was close up 10 p.m. when Pat emerged from the Coin-? mercial. On crossing the Ferry, he somehow ex perienced an unaccountable difficulty in finding his way on the island; and, on enquring at the pub., where he had left his friends, was disappointed to learn that, grown tired of waiting for him, they had "scooted" in company. Consequently Pat was obliged to journey on alone. Presently he descried, as he pursued his devious way, a figure lying stretched on the ground ahead of him. " Poor—hie —Mick/' he exclained," he's dhrunk again j ah'j but it's the wake—hie—head he's got/' Approaching the recumbent figure, Pat requested him to arise and accompany him home; but, receiving no reply, he gently tilted him over with bis foot, when an ebony visage, dark as Erebus, met his astonished gaze. " Holy Moses !" exclaimed the horrified Pat; " poor Mick' got the cholera; sure, that's the way I heerd they always get black in the face when they're down with it; begorra, I'd betther hot gonear him. Mick —hie—are ye alive ?" " Me no give him damn, me get him plenty rum, me go way long.'' " Oh, be the tareo' war! the poor boy's wandherin' in his mind. Faix, 'tisn' charitable to let an ould friend give up his ghost 'ithout a word 'o comfort. Mick, allanaJ where's the pain, (and he stooped down to comfort poor Mick j) take a dhrop o' this, and maybe ye'll feel betther." But the sufferer, when his eye fell on the black bottle which Pat had abstracted from his poeket, emitted a demoniac yell of delighjt, and, snatching the spirits from it's owner's hand, finished " the crathur," while a cat would be licking her ear. An explanation took place on the spot, but Pat is yet more solemn than was his wont, and declares that it was bad enough to be frightened by the cholera j but to buy the best J.K D. for a " haythen buridge anai" was.rather unnecessary extravagance under the circumstances, and makes him sad when he reflects. A man who swam from a lightship to the shore near Somerset, and was supposed to have been drowned in the attempt,'turned up at Cooktown the other day, and explained that he had been living for two months among the blacks. He says they fed him sumptuously on snake chops, and his life was never at steak. He was never a higher liver than the tucker admitted of, always kept up his heart, had no end of pluck, and acted according to his lights, until he got fat, and betook himself to civili zation once more. He never troubled himself about the intestine arrangements of the land to which he swam ; but kept skirting around the coast for an opportunity to get. He got, and All's well that ends well." J. G. Palethoepe, of Toowoomba, is an un pretentious person, a man just as nature made him. And that same nature has endowed him with I marvelous powers, as has been frequently veri fied of late, beyond a doubt. Through' simply holding a small forked stick in his hands, and traver sing a piece of ground, he can reliably ascertain whether water can be obtained by boring, and say, if so, at what distance down it exists. The existence of such visibly affects the stick, causing it to writhe and twist strongly in his grasp. Held over an article of gold, the stick acts precisely similar, twisting and twitching as though it possessed life. During the late drought he was instrumental in discovering the existence of water in several localities, the boring or digging always verifying his statement. Chin Sing sung on the wrong side of his mouth the other day. He was driving along Gill-street, at the Towers, at an unwarranted rate. The horse was duly arrested in its mad career, and so was Chin, in his. He was sommoned, and had the evidence of Constable Heffeman, the Inspector of Nuisances, W. H. Tilley, and the Magistrate himself, who had seen him; Sing lowered his Chin and sung small when he found he was fined £5, and costs, six-and fourpence, in default, one month. His plea of " Horsee too muchee lunnem, 'spose no can stoppee, how can ? " wasn't up to the mark. 