Turl Notes. I [ 1-V ' Hll'PAItlilN.' j Liiti.i: wii! !.e thought of in local sport ing ciiclcs next wci-k buL the Gympie and Ti--.ro meetings, aud tlie publication of the weighiB for the Maryborough, han dicaps. As I said before, it would have been better if the Tiaro committee had kepi tbeir principal handicap until the strangers from the soutu were within the Wide Ray gates, as they would have se cured a belter entry. but though the Tiaro handicap has filled badly it will give us a good race iu all probability, and the other races have obtained capital en tries. But to deal with Gympie first. The acceptances for the handicaps are very fair considering the clashing of Rockhampiou and Peak Downs with the Wide Bay meetings, hut next year I hope the Rockhamptoa Jockey Club will be a little less selfish in fixing their ''dates.' Gympie was first in the field, with its programme for 21st and 22nd, and the want of courtesy and considera tion shown by the R.J.C. cannot be ex cused ou even the poor plea of ignorance. Some of the Rockhaniptou performers may reach Gympie iu lime to race there, though uuder the disadvantage of a sea voyage aud a railway jouruey, but others will go on to Peal; Downs who would have come lo Wide Buy. The Annual Handicap has au acceptance of seven, which iir.i.-t not be taken to mean any slight lo the b.-iuilicapper, for some of Lbe horses the critics consider harshly ileall with have accepted, whilst in mn'iv.-ises non-acceptances are due to ot!.. . ; : gc ments elsewhere. As pointed out before, I think, My Love is harshly treated iu her form with H.Y. aud Pirate, as she is giving the latter as much weight when be beal her in Brisbaue aud Toowoomba ; and the hollow style iu which B.Y. has won everything he started for iu Queens land points to iiini as the almost ceituin winner of the 17th Annual Handicap unless one of the home division— say Bachelor, at 7st. nib., can effect a sur prise. The stable is very sweet ou .Jessica, but tbeir fondness doesn't seem to be based on anything very convincing, for the tackle the daughter of Kelpie has had to try her has been very mediocre. Sovereign is a colt I always liked, but the strange malady that overtakes hirii whenever he gels iuto work forbids me taking him even as a cockboat now, though 011 bis best form he might lie worth hacking. If Pirate wins at R'ck- hampton he will have to carry a penalty which he can hardly aflord, wilh My Loveand B.Y. in the lists against him, and on the whole, though nublic run ning points to B.Y. and nothing else, 1 have a notion that the black mare will howl tbe certainty over. That she could have won the Brisbane Cup I am in clined lo believe, had different tactics been pursued with her — I meannoimpu tation on Mr. Finnie — at all events going to'the front and keeping there with *Jst. Gib. up did not look like winning a two mile race. I shall therefore place the horses for-the 17th Annual Handicap as uuder : — Mr. .1. I'miiies III in My Love, by Yatlemlon — : Mv Kalicv.li vears, St. S lbs.( W. Illiicklork) I Mr. J.'Cornwclri !l- by ulil England. tun ol Wild I -oe, a ? iLeartlieali-r) Mr, .1. .M-(iiUV lir.a- I 'irate, by WusMiiiiislor - Peri, ii years ? (llus^-ellj .'J Time, Smtn. bihi;cs. The Winter Handicap will give us a most interesting race in which His Wor ship and Pirate who is as smart as any thing over a short course, are pretty sure to acquit themselves creditably if Mr. M'Gill sends his gelding to the post. Havelock, at 7 .st. 13 lbs., over his favorite distance (0 furlongs) nevei 'lived' with His Worship, 8 st.' 7 lbs., at Eagle Farm, and the latter's-i His. extra, orS st. II lbs. over a mile course, will be rather in favor of Mr. Burton's lhan of Mr. Harrison's horse. Jessica may show to more advan tage at a mile than in the Annual Handi cap. but if he starts I prefer Nitchero to any of the light brigade, albeit he has much the worst of the weights with everything below His Worship. If B.Y. ?wins the Annual he will hardly go for this race with his 71hs. penalty ; nor will My Love or Pirate, should either be re turned the winner of the big money. But should Mr. Corn well's gelding fail in the first event he will be hot property here; however, as both B.Y. aud His Worship represent the same interest, it will be prudent, perhaps, to wait before investing ou either to see which is tin; chosen one, but as a prophet, uot as a backer, I prefer His Worship. The two D'Arcys have the Miner's Purse between them, but both are such genuine sports men that the race .vill be as interesting as if the six contents belonged to as many different owners, and so all that start will go on their merits. 1 think the isi'iie will be fought out by Nitchero and Bachelor. Tbe Town Plate I don't care to uieedic with, pending tbe light that will be thrown on it by Monday's racing, hul at present the 'century' seems' likely to go lo whatever wins the Winter Handicap, provided the horse be not also tlie Winner of tbe big money, for in that ca^e he will be penalised !)Ibs., and I have ton much respect for the haudicapper's ability to suppose that any horse penalised to that extent call win one of bis handicaps. Tbe Bracelets may be won by Sicily, and Bachelor, or Woi-clcy, aadthcAIJ Aged Race by Bonnie Bee. The two and llirce-ycar-old Slakes will be won hy Sicily or Nitchero, probably the former, as the colt likes a longer course than six furlongs, whilst the filly .can go a cracker for that distance from eiid to end. At Tiaro on Friday Dynamite should win the Hurdle race without any trouble as he jumps beautifully, and has — or had — any amount of pace. There is a mixed lot in the half-hjile spiU,::the' result,- of which will depend a great deal upon the start ; hut with the proviso that lie gels ? away on anything like even terms with : his horses, I can see nothing to make j Sparrowhawk gallop unless it be Mr. I Harrison's lilly Mazurka, by Moziil, out of Ailsic. Cossack should have hadiiuy allegiance this time last year, and even ul I the eleventh hour, if he was well and fit i at the post, 1 should prefer him lo any- j thiugelse. If Sovereign wins lie will j probably be disqualified for not adding ] the numerals 'II.' to distinguish l.im I from tlie 4-year-old colt of the same name '; iu Mr. Wilson's stable. j Sparrowbawk should also win the Cor- | itithian Cup, and Mr. Wilson seems to have the District Plate at his mercy with . Cossack or Sutler, unless old Viscount | gives us a taste of his two and three old i form. ! Mr. D'Arey, 1 fancy, will win the j Tiaro Handicap for Bachelor's opponents ? are either crippled, superannuated, on- i tried, or cocktail*. Entries for the Bundaberg: Handicaps, ? Mulgrave Racing Club, Town Plate, aud Publicans' Purse, will be found iu another column. They are hardly so good as the liberal sums added to them should have secured, but the compara tive sinallnessof the entry is probably due to the unattractive uatureand meagre prizes of the rest, of the programme. Un attractive, that is, to visitors who if they fail to win one or other of the big handi cap-, gain little consolation from the re maining 10, lo uud 20 sov. priz.es.; weights are due on June 25tb ; acceptances ou June Srtth ; general entry on Monday, July 5th. Again let ine remind persons interested that the Spring Sapling .Stakes Novem ber, 1 SSG. 2o0sovs., the Derby of liOOsnvs., 1SS7, and St. Linger of 20llsovs , May, 1SSS, all for now yearlings, close at the office of the Q.T.C. on Julie 30th. Mr. ,1. J*. Jost is the new owner or part, owner of Lalla ltookh (sister lo Legiand) two years. My Lady by Vespasian — Gland Flaneur's dam — two years, and Escape by Epigram — Rioter's dam, two years. The last named is engaged iu tbe Derby of 1SS6, and St. Leg-r 1SS7. For the two fillies Mr. Kent omitted to make good the second l aymeut. Bonnie Bee. v. nnor of the Brisbane Cup, is no-v the freehold or long lease hold property of y.'Uog C -ruwi-Jl u bo tells me it is noi unlikely : ie.j ii'is f.dhtr, A. Ii. Corn well, (In* well Known N.S. Wales iraiucr. miy lake up bis quarters aud that of hi- string of raeehoi-s. s in Queensland. i The June nu.nl.or of the Queensland I ' Racing Calendar ' is to h ind ; besides I the usual standing matter it contains re- J suits of racing at Thargoiuiudah. War- i wick, Tambo, and Brisbane, ilming :he j mouth of May; t.he programme- if tbe' I Mulgrave Racing Club, Peak l)o«-:i- Turf 1 Club, aud Queensland Turf Chin meet- I I ings, aud the iistof registered clubs is in- ) creased to seventy. t The Mackay Turf Club Handicaps closed last week with a beggarly en :ry, six for the big race, seven for another, and three for the hurdles. This disap pointing return is due probabh to the club being unregistered, which prohibits all southern horses whose owners do not risk their disqualilialion, from entrance, aud the absence of southern horses has not had the ettect predicted by the sep ir atiouists of increasing the 'number of local entries. But there appears to be some doubt up north as to whether or noi the Q T.C. means todisqualify horses racing under the N.Q. Association rules, and lhe fear of Petronels, Medusas, Bon nie Bees, My Loves, and Pirates, may have kept local owu^isiu the background, and if this be the solution, the absence of southern nominations from Mackay will secure at least numerically stroug local entries at the Towers and Towns viile. Iu last issue of the Colonist there was transposition of paragraphs, as well as nnre than oue misprint. For His Lord ship read His Worship, for Cleily read Sicily, and so on. One, Martin Sheehy, has purchased Lhe racehorse Darkness. The price was paid 'into court' to go towards squaring accounts between the partners, Maber and Court, former owners of the horse. Against Maber, it is hardly necessary to say. no bill was found by oiirgrand juror, lhe Attorney-General, ami it is quite cer tain the man ought never to have been arrested. Mr. Jost bought Parody, b.f. by The Drummer — Paradigm, of Mr. \V. Flynu at 100 guineas. The malch between Medusaaud Bonnie Bee will not come off, no stake being made on the latter side. There is a noticeable falling-oil from last year iu the number of entries which were received ou Monday for the V. R. C. events, the Champion Race being the only oue that shows an increase from Jast year. The Maribyrnoug Plate has only 72;' as against 12ti'last year ; Normunby Stakes, fill, against llli ; Ascot Vale Stakes, 78, against 126 ; tlie Derby, 103, against 133 ; Oaks, J9, against 70 ; St. Lcger,;91, agaiust 11!); Sires' Produce Stakes, ] 11, agaiust l is ; Mares' Produce Stakes, 170, against 244; Melbourne Cup, 143, against 164; Juvenile Stakes, 73, agaiust 71, and Great Foal Stakes, 100, against 130. Tun Prince of Wales's eldest soil has made his th/jul on the turf, his horse Paddy having run second for the Sub alterns' Cup at a late race meeting aL Aldershot. Detau-S are to hand from our English files of tlie race for the Two Thousaud Guineas. Ormonde, the winner, was not ridden by Archer after all, the great jockey being on the unplaced Saraband. 'There were only half-a-dozen starters. ! M i n t i n g, w 1 1 o ran seco nd , started fa vou ri te at 11 to 10, the prices about the others being 3 to 1 Saraband, 7 to 2 Orinoude, 100 to 3 each St. Mirin and Mepbisto(who ran third) and 200 to ] Coracle. Ormonde won by two lengths, Mephisto was a had j third, and Saraband fourth. The time was 1 minute 46 5-8ths seconds for the mile and 17 yards with ilst. up. The value of the stakes was WW sovereigns, A M a nch ester (EnglaudJ paper says ; —'Lord Carringtou, who is 'stealing tbe hearts' of the men of New South Wales, is going in for racing— buying | yearlings aud forming a. stud. His trainer was a! Newmarket last week, on the look out for something to take to Australia.' 'Nemo' writes in the Sjjdnnn Mall' Did it ever strike my friends of Northern race clubs that a great and simple swindle could lie perpetrated (says a country paper) under their eye.-, and no one lie a whit the wiser except the worker of the job? At all country race meetings all the horses must of course weigh out, hut only the first two or three horses are seaiedin, weight being given to tile others. What is to prevent the man who saddles a very hot favourite from ringing a change in the cloths, or even the saddle, after weigbiugoiit, aud planting a couple of -lone of lead aboutthe horse? The jockey | can even be kept out of the secret. He docs his best to win : the horse cannot wilh liis additional burden, but finishes out of a place, und is never called upon to '. weigh iu,. so that the swindle remains j undiscovered. All horses should be I weighed In as well as out. rriiBB^ffrfil^jiciisflSe^orlh^ollowiiigi —Trainers of horses iu Englaq^Jive.on.iv scale of princely magnificence, judging by the following from the pen ofa writer in the Sporting /Jfc ' Mr. Robert Peck, -1 learn, has taken that grand old baronial mansion known as Lanihourue'Place, on a five years' lease, and outeied iuto posses sion this week. It is a lnagnificeul place, ihe ball itself being worthy of one of the old feudal castles, aud all the rooms are ou a par for size, grandeur aud at the Fame lime coin fort. Lawns, trees, gardens, stables, paddocks, trout stream, and 2000a. of shooting, all go te make up a residence ' tit for a King.' Mr. Peck intends lo live principally at Lalnbourue Place, it being near to tiie Stork House Stables, and not far from Bishopton, where he has a breodiug stud, with Mun caster, as ihe emperor of llieharetn.' Ol-' late years there has been a deal of discussion in English turf circles relative to the fees charged by jockeys, and iu order to meet the requirements of so important, a case, a proposal has been made to the Jockey Club to have the following rule made law : — ' In the atisencc of special agreement to ride for a lower sum, the fee to a winning jockey shall be live guineas and tea losiugjockey three guineas, and no further charge shail be made, except, when engaged to ride by request away from home, when the cost of travelling expeuses, and oue guinea a day for living, shall he charged to the owner, or owners, who engaged the jockey.' Billiards. — Tbe following account of a remarkable feat at billiards during a match between J. Roberts, Juu., aud W. Cook is from limit's Life oflOth April : — The match of 12,000* up, spot barred, wherein the champion conceded his old opponent 3000 poiuts start, was brought toa close at the Billiard Hall, Argyle street, on Saturday last in tbe presence of a moderate company, and resulted in another win for the scratch man, who was iu splendid form all through, and during the progress of tbe match suc ceeded iu accomplishing a beston record by sending up a grandly-compiled run ot 50S, and thus wiuuing the £100 offered last year by Messrs. Thurston and Co., for the player who first exceeded 500 without the aid of the spot on oue of their tables. Cook, who is in very bad health, made a plucky. show, aud on the last day madea splendid run of 143, butstuod no chance agaiust the champion. An important judgment was embodied in an injunction granted by the Supreme Court of Victoria, as reported in the Het h-.u lie Art/us of 1st instant The pi.iijtitl, Mr. Joel B. Wolfe, claimed to ne entitled to the exclusive use as a trade mark of the names Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps, which he had applied to a kind of giu sold by hiin in this colony and other places. The defendant, Mr. I). G. E. Alsop, is I lie ageutin Melbourne ioi- Mr. D. H. Burke, who also sells .-Vniedaui schnapps. Mr. Burke had fuimerly been in partnership with the plaintiff, but, the partnership was dis solved in 1SS2. The plaintiff sold hia schnapps uuder tbe name of Wolfe's Aromatic Scniedam Schnapps. The de fendant, after the dissolution of the part nership, sold li -juor uuder the name of Burke's Schiedam Schnapps. The plain till' complained that ihis was an infringe ment of his trade-mark, which had been registered iu Ihis colony for more than five years. His Honor held that the plaintiff had not au exclusive use to the words he claimed as a trade-mark, hut he was nt opinion that Mr. Burke had adopted the name ' Schiedam Schnapps' for the liquor sold liy him, with the in tention of inducing purchasers to be lieve that tbe liquor sold by him was the plaiuliirs gin ; (hat a reference te Udolpho Wolfe oil tbe labels of Burke's wrappers was calculated to assist tbe deception by suggesting that Burke had either the right or the exclu sive right to sell the same gin which he had sold when iu partnership with Udolpho Wolfe and his successors ; and that the liquor sold by him in bottles, labelled 'JJurke's Schiedam Schnapps' was tbe same as tbat which the plaintiff was selling in bottles labelled ' Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps,' He therefore made a decree iu favour of the plaiutiff (the proprietor of Wolfe's Schnapps) with cosls, directing the de fendant's firm to be restrained from selling liquur iu holtles with the labels referred to, aud from doing any act which would iuduce to the belief that the gin manu factured by or for Mr. Burke was the liquor sold by tbe plaintiff in bottles labelled 'Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps.' Messrs. M. Moss &Co.; inform us that they estimate the costs in the suit, which has extended over three years, at above £2000.' Valuable Discove-iy foe the ! i a ] :t — 1 your hiir ii turni- g grey or white, ..r f#ll:ng oil, Oc-r ' T c Mexican Rui:c *?(?-,' {. r- n wi.tl l osilively restart n evert/ case Grey or White hair lo its original cii' ur, without leav ing t1 io .lis\jrcJ:ib!o sqjc'1 ef ui st ' Itvj-torerfl.' It m ik -s t e hair charininsdj bi-auti'u1, &B; well as piomoling the gruu-ih o' 'lu bail- en bald fijiuis, : ins ^Inrirts are not iloc ive-i. Aufe yiiur riiomist, for ' Thr Mexican 11m u Ue news it,' fiuld by Chuims'ti &nl; l'*i turners every where :it 3-. (Jd. |» r Holtle. Wli -13 ah depi.'- 3H, F.irring ii ? It -a I, Loti'k. .. May Good Jjiukstion wait ok Ait tii-i-. says ^hake-ip'-aie, but. ' good digestion ' wi! nerer wait upuu tiail bread, and il is therefore of the gieat-.-rtt iciportincelhatiu making bread one fibouid uhg on!v llin.se leiir.-ning utionis which have acquired -i high r-putuno' ihi.iugh lo-.g use iu iii» scUi.ll s !...r .ugl.uul :he n-orbi Foremnsi aiuuiig^i tiius.- muii be. rcu:-:oued ' UonvickVtio'd '.li-ibil r. -iKine ro.viier,' eliir.h Ine: moo I 1 be te.-n ii. uveiy climaieof the ?v-irut Gel ii, use ii, ijiii .I'M your tesiiiuouv to U:it ot ihe niillii'n. who iiiiitse ii. WuMAK'sSl'ilHUli— T lore are ten- .umi no* rtO b'jnigiit'l an lo believe 1,'ial wnmnu's rai.sion can be suimuu-l ' [- in Snnkeiipi-are's woi-iIk : 'Tosuekle f'lbla allii elironicle small heel . ' Yei h woin.»n in none die we ice for knewinu how to bake hreaif nr make :i custupl, ami in bull) these lil tie arts she ih er-.-niy ussis-cd by* Messrs. fi-jrwiet; 6c. Sous, wlw. Tor ner eotiveni ence, have nriv.luceil their iv-lehiaieii 'it .king Powder' anii tiold M i:il-il *' (!u-t .ri Pow ter.' Will: the kirm-.T arliele. t'.e mo-l O datable bread, cuti.-n, :u d pantry can in.- :.,ruihie.i;,] speedily, an I wilh niai-ve'l IouhI v little tronbk;; whilst, A-iththe latter, she Ik i it Ie:-eii.l'n1 ufie- domestic lien, and can make tin- inii--t ^elie.inui cu«Urdfl, hlauomur.gei-, &.c.. - 1 i idf th* uni;il tiiro bliosis.— \n aite.iqi!, is 'leins -imle iu tlie ul-! cor.ni.ry t.o r- vive th' telief jp riniiaiit free: another worid; und ma- y met-.e wonder ful siories thai- fill 8nm-i of the journal*. The gciaitical mind ii however, Inclined to adopt Sciooge's remark 1 .u Minley's gle-si : ' llow do 1 kuow that i ou i.re mil a hit of timli^i-Hied oread ?' for, nt nil the geobi (irn lucrs, a Ml of ' heavy' breei is the mum puteni. It i'k a wou- j der, t.h'Tefme, '.:,-it nto;i!e d.i tint Jidnpt the j surest spell iiga'rn-t ehuntu by l^itie Norwich's I (iol.i Medal Hating Powder iu miking bread ; { for. although It. won t ' raise ghosts,' it vill I miric bread in the most1 admnablc fashion. ? Kvi-ry wise storekeeper lias it by him, and , vory good liousowieo hurs it. j 'J'owles IVan. nyal and Ricel Pin or' miles quickly coirect fill irregularities, and rnlinvo ihe dist'ensing Fj-niploras so prevalmt wph the sex. Box- 8 !l,l. oil a'l chemists.; Prepared only by K. X. Towlo, Chemist. Jfot lineh'm, Knirlnod. Ac -nlH fur Urit-uaii*: Heikuly and I '} lor, W'li il-'flii.e DjUfgists, 121 iot Brne. ii Co,, Wholesale Druggists, 