MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN COI5RRPONDENT.) THlE FEDERAL COUNCIL. FRnaVA r 10. ' Adopting Mr. Service's imagery, the xhadows of departing day have closed around the Federal Council, and for a year at least it will rest from its labours. It expired peacefully anduitl even less core monythan when it; commenced its life, for the Governor on Saturday prorogued it by proclamation while the delegates picniced. A banquet in the evening of the last day of session, given by Ministers celebrated its demise like a decorous " wake," and at this there was some excellent speech-making, the 'most successful of the across-the-napkin erators being Mr. Griffith and MTr. II. It Nicholls, formerly of the Ballarat liar, 'but now of the lIobarf Ifercary, who, in responding to the last toast of the evening, the Press, fairly infected the anudinca with his own entlhunsiasm. F'or reasons I have before alluded to, the Governor again abstained from attendance at this repast, Sasnd in fact has throughout care fully kepe himself aloof from any. participation in Federal festivities, al though to avoid any reproach for his want of hospitality he gave one dinner at his quaint Elizabethian palace on tile Derwent, one tower of whichl hals in it a clock of the fashion you still occasionally see in old clsrchcs in Great Britain. Theo time of day here is set by a gun, which is discharged exactly at one o'clock, the firing of which generally has the effTect of dissipating some of the heavy clouds lying between Mount Wellington and the sea, and causing them to send down an annoying drizzle. When the work of the Council is re viewed, it will be seen that as I pointed out before would be the case, nothing has been done beyond laying down lines for asucceeding Councils to follow in, and for mulating standing orders for them to obey. The importance of having thoroughly Seffected the standing orders, was recognised from'the first, and great care was exercised in compiling them. Theresultis thatthey follow generally the principles which areap proved by May, and which govern the pro cedure of the House of Commons and other Legislatives moulded on the British model, and where this is not so, it is sometimes not altogether easy to discern the reason. for it. The chief matters in which it is intended that the Federal Council shall * differ from other Legislative bodies, are the forms and ceremonies'msed in assembl ing it, and in the appointment of a Stand ing Committee which, though not absolu tely Ministerial in its nature, acts for tlhe * Council after it has been adjournedor pro rogued or is in recess. In the firstinstanceo it appears to be intended that the. formal opening of the Council by the Governor of the colony in which it sits should be dis pensed with. Once set in motion the Coun cil is disposed to ignore the power of the Crown, and to meet like any * ether convocation or conference, adjourning at pleasure, and on its own motionwithout ceremony. The only limitation to thisis that it is necessary that the Governor of some one of the colonies should issue a. proclamation convening the Council, and \- as. the:power to bring it into being, also, includes the right to squeeze out its little life should occasion demand, it may be as sumed that by the Governor only will itbe :prorogued; But, as there is nolonger any maseed for the Crown to come down to start the proceedings and orate through its re .presentative, we are not likely to have a repetition of the disagreement which took place on the first occasion when ,His Excellency Sir George Strahan con sidered his nose so cruelly put out of joint by the delivery of the President's little address before his speech from the Throne. AtfutureFederal Councils we may anticipate that the re presentative of Her Majesty will take a re mote pow and content himself with as con vener, summoning the Council and strangling it judicially wherever it inti mates a desire to submit its neck to the executioner, while bit by bit the Standing Committee will come to be regarded as practically the Council and the natural mouth for the expression of Australian wishes. The strength of the Standing C?ommittee lies in the fact that it will remain always in session, while the Council will be for 50 weeks in tihe year moribund. The life of the Standing Committee cannot be destroyed, oven by the power of an imperial and imperious Secretary of State, while that of the Coun cil can practically only be renewed at Her. IMajesty's pleasure, as she may command her Governors, having prorogued one Council, not to convene another. It is quite easy to imagine that, in the future, there may arise some large question on whicl the colonists feel deeply, wherein their wishes would entirely clash with those of l1or Majesty's Government, who might be dispoosed to settle the matter by' not giving fresh life to thle youug giant in Austrlia, who, in growing up,. was becoming a nuisance, mid sliould this' feeling over arise, there n.i be an awkwardness owing to this provision which renders tihe Council incapablo of transacting business miless summoned to it by the Crown. At thie same time itmust be remembered that these standing orders, vwhich are thile chief work thle Council has poerformed bnt give expression to the leading idea of harmony and uuion with the Empire before all which has boon the main principle consistently followed. The founders of the American federation went to work in the spirit that lthey must, though partly with regret, cut aIll ties with Eng d with the sword, and, if necessary, .dye the character of their fraternisation in their blood; but, our federalists have approached the question with " God save the Queen" on their lips and in their hearts, and have per sistently kept in view the unification not of the colonies only, but of the Empire. Tho proceedings of thie Council, they have resolved, must be initiated and concluded by the Crown, whose assent is needed to clothe the measures passed with the form .of law, so that practically the Council and its proceedings are a renewal of the Smarriage tie between two estates out of the three which joined in John's Charter, viz, the king and the peope. A federPl ,movement inaugurated m this spirit hlss in it the root of Imperial as well as colonial federation, and renders an independent scheme such' as thle abortive one for which Mr. Ex-Mayor Cinta and his former Town Clerk are sponsors a surplusage. In some respects even the Federalists have gone farther than other legislatures in providing for the respect to be shown to the Crown, for Standing Order No. 168 .~stipulates that," when a message from the Governor is announced the business be fore the 'Council shall be suspended and the bearer of the message shall be intro duced." The chief feature and outcome of the Hobart session is the appointment of the Standing Committee consisting of the seniore representatives of the colonies of Queensland, Tasmania, and Vic toria, with Mr. Griffith as practi cal head. To that gentleman, thorc fore, is' practidally entrusted the control Sand direction of the foreign interests of .Australia' for the nett year, an onerous Sresponsibilitgy forso young a oian, but one for which, I think, he.will be found thor toughl-competent although the failure of his sight from over-work-he already is ', compelled to use glasses-is apossible con tingency. The Standing Committee is on trusted with the duty of preparing the measures for next Council and the revision of those wlich any member proposes to bring before it, the advisingof the Governor of Tasmania when the Council can next most conveniently be summoned to meet, and specially with the power of taking such action, while the Conncil is not in session, as mey appear to the Com mittee desirable with respect to matters of general Australasian interest. When you recollect that to the Federal Council now is delegated supreme control over the waters which onviron Astralin, you can realise howm grave a responsibility might devolve upon theo Standing Committee in time, of .rs; because from its constitu tionh, and intent, it is not only advisatory, but executive, while, as it is not necessary to [meet in order that business may be transacted, nearly the whole authority of both Committee and Council will practi celly all the year be wielded by the Chairman of the former. It is fortunate, therefore, that as far as can be reasonably predicted, Mr. Griffith's reton tion of ofice in his own colony is for the next year or two more probable than that of any other member of the Council, so that upon him for some time to come certainly until next Council-must the eyes of Australia be tumrned. It will pro bably be found that the choice is justified, for Mr. Grilfith exhibits a large grasp of questions, snuch as those connected with Australia's foreign policy, and brings a legally educated, judicially balanced mind to bear upon them, while he has not yet altogether lost; ta native impetuosity and capacity for enthusing other s as well is himnself eventually to successful leadership. When the appointment of the irst Stand ing Committee was under consideration, a discussion took place upon the very impor tant point of who were to be their successors in the event of vacancies nrising, as they certainly will during the year now current, and it was finally re solved that the senior member nominated on thie commission issued by each colony, or rather thie first name which appeared in it as a representative should in each case have the succession. Some awkward complications are likely to ensue from this decision in tihes of political disturbance, vlwhen Governments are being rapidly changed, andit wouldhavebeenbetter had the Governmentof each colonybeenleftper fcctly free to fill up each vacancy as it pleased. This difficulty will probably in dicate itself before the Council again meets in connection with the Victorian as well as tihe Tasmanian delegates. In another respect, also, - the Federal Council is unique, inasmuch as it is about tihe only legislative body having legisla tive and administrative powers, and which is permitted to separate without in some form passing an Appropriation Bill. In place of that time-honoured nuisance there is a permanent Finance Committee which certifies all accounts, and may perform its duties when the Council is not in session. you will probably ask me, Well, as you were there, saw these men, daily noted their capacities and lshortcomings, what in your opinion is the result of this meeting of the Federal Council P That, I think, might be put in the form of a speech, which, hadthe Governor Strahan attended in person to prorogue the Council, he might fairly have delivered, and which, if he had spoken his secret thoughts like tie actorsin the "PalJace of Trnth", wold have run this issue. "Gentlemen, I thank you for you attendance at this first session of the Federal Council. You have done nothing, but you have done it remarkably well. There has been a jo as sais ouoi in the coolness with which you have admitted you came not to legislate, but to enjoy the Iospitalities of Hobart, whilch endears itself to the finest emotions of awidower like myself. Ihonour you for your devoton to her Majesty's throne and person. I respect you greatlyfor the little you have done while contriving to make such a tremendous noise in the world in doing it. You hold a stronger hand than I do, for I couldn't do it. Still, I think you were.about right. You found yourselves here a company of three safe politicians, two doubtfuls, and three ghosts. You represent five colonies besides South Australia, which you knew could be dragged in. You had the sense not to presume upon the powers delegated to you, and to seek to make the day of little things hereafter fruitful, though you might not be identified with the success. In this brave and generous spirit has your work been done. From a patriotic instinct when you might have attempted to attain much, you have achieved little. You have sough to prove to the outstanding colonies that there was no danger to them in carrying out . the purposes of federation rightly understood. You have sacrificed yourselves and your possible hereafter fame in history for the pipublic good, and have dealt with large issues with foresight, considering expedi ency rather than the opportunity of the moment. Gentlemen, the Queen thanks you. It is by such foresight and cool judgment that the .sons of England rule triumphant in a thousand seas. It is out of such patriotism statesmen spring. Andwhen the story of your day is told, in time it will be that of men who, in a spirit of self-abnegaotion rarely shown, have been content to lay broad and deep the foundation of a natibn; who, knowing that the harvest must come as certain as the seed be set, have not sought to hasten it, but have been content to wait, not only for the gleaning, but for the springing of the corn and the ripening .of its ear. It is by such self-devotion in her sons that England grows to greatness, by such her Empire expands into a thou sandeeas, and Imperial federation, stronger than colonial, becomes more possible. Gentlemon, I say again you have done nothing, but you have done it very well, and for it your sovereign and your country will remember and extol you for your wis dom and prudence. 