Current Items* Tho police havo collected tho names for tho electoral roll, for this ^ district, , and by the middlo of next week- tho compilation will havo been finished. It is anticipated that the increase in tho number of inhabi tants in this electorate will bo Very 'much groator'this j'ear than was tho caso' many previous years, viz. something like 1500. If. wnfl a' liff.ln ovat n lOHft ?' inrrfiasn lasf, year.' Balmain is gradually' getting its rights attended to by tho Government. Tho last improvement added' to the list is tho con necting of tho Balmain , Police Station by telophonq with the Sydney stations. This is a vory necessary pioco of work, aud was completed;' 'on ' Wodnesday kat. ? There, will now bo an opportunity for carrying out Alderman Konniif's idea of sondingfor tho police. van', to convoy prisonors from the local court to . Sydnoy in place of taking .thorn by tho ferry steamora. Thero is ?still anothor thing that roaidonts ? of Bal main will be pleased to hear done, that is the promotion of our long sorvico sergeant, Mr. Boyd, to tho position of sub-inspector with command over tho Balmain electoral district. This -district is entitled to such an officor, and Sergeant Boyd's selection would bo a popular ono. The Balmain Branch pf the Young Mens. Friendly Socicty held its half yearly, enter- - tiininent on Wednesday lp.st in the society's rooms, which proved a great success. Tlio Rov. Mervyn Archdall occupied tho chair, The programme opened with a pianoforte solo, ' The soldiers chorus ' by Mr. i1 Matthews, songs were rendered by Miss ?W. Moore, T. ICii'by, P. Corkhill, H. Young, R., Aycrs, W. Prico and E. J. Eearnloy.' Tho comic songa were by Messrs , W. Phillips, W Moore, and R. Ayors, ali; . of which proved highly amusing and indeed greatly to the success of tho concert. Mr. E. J. Fearnley was quite at homo in tho policeman song ' Are you there Moriarfcy ' the audience demanding an oncore, Mr. S. Deano was in excellent voico and sang tomorrow will be. Friday ' with splendid effect. A' Vocal duet rendered by Mrs. A. Deano and H. Young was also well received. Recitations aud readings were delivered bs' R. Ayors, W. Phelps, S. Kirkly. Mr. H.' Hunt's stump speech on electric light was amusing in the ' extreme ; A violin solo was executed in a clever manner by W. Ivnibb while Mr. T. Ivnibb a young' perfonner on the piano distinguished him self in a solo ' Sparkling Cnscades' Tho members then gave an exhibition of fencing and Indian Club oxercises which was much admired. The entertainment con cluded with tho comic sketch called ,, The Ghost' which convulsed tho audience with laughter.- Mr. S. and T. Deano acted as accompanist. ?' The proceedings termin ated with the National Anthem. The Balmain Debating Society mot on Thursday -night at the Town Hall after their 'annual' vacation. There' was not a large attendance. Mr. C. Read in'fcho ab-' sence of tho president took tho chair. The' annual meeting was arranged to take place on Thursday next the 28th instant at 8 p.m. The subjcct for discussion was held over to .onablo general matters affecting the society's. interests to be fully discussed, The names of .' the gentlemen entitled to the prizes given by the president, for length of service in the government, were an nounced to be F. J. Smith 1, W. A. McClemens . 2, . and Mi'. Morris 3. The prizes will probably ho presented at tho annual meeting when the officers for tho ensuing year will be elected. ' Soinb two 'or three issues, ago we called attention to the meagre attendance at drill of our Balmain a rtillery nion . 'Our remarks seem to have taken offect, for no less than ' sixty ' members fell in at a drill last weok and the numbor in attendance at the company diills.since then show a vast im provement on the doings of a few weeks ago. It is to bo hoped now that tho mem bers of tho corps have their uniform, s, thoy will continue to do credit to them. The prizes in connection with the Bal main Swimming Club contest will be pre sented to the successful competitors this evening in . the Town Ilall, Tho Mayor will presido and Mrs. Percy Jonos will distribute the prizes. Tho many frionds and patients of Dr Davidson will regret to hear that he is suffering fron*# severe attack of continued fever, possibly Gontpjctqil while fulfilling his duties, He has been conjpollod to tiiko to his bed and is now under tho care of Dr Evans, junr,, who is also attending to his ) Dr Davidsone''), patients nntil he has regained his usual health. On Tuesday last a man named Saiuuel Elliek, re-siding with his daughter in Hanip? ton-street, met ivith a seribus/accident. It appears that Elliek was crossing' one of the rooms in tlie dark, and whilst doing so fell over some boxes 'which1 hud been left in the way, and broke some of his ribs. ! He-was at once conveyed to the Cottage ! Hospital and attended toby Dr. Carruthcrs; and is now pro gressing satisfactorily. : : ... : It will be seen from our advertising eoluiims that Messrs, Boyd and King liave another large land sale on Anniversary Day. This firm have gone in for a variation on the old -plan of giving free tiekcts to everybody, which will prove highly satisfactory to the general public. By charging a nominal price for the tickets, ami selling them only/ to adultSj they prevent tli£ crush of larrikins aiid holiday-makers, which has ];jtherto proved sucli an obstruction to those who go vitlf a view to business. Early application for tickets is r.ecessary as some 300 applicants were disappointed on the last holi day sale.' 'l'ha Jyej'phhnrdt Ratepayers' Association held vof-y Jmpi-?t$ut njeeting 'oil Tuesday iiiglit«' the pr'esjdeiji, iff'/ T. '.WgM?, :W *hoi chair. The feature of tlje cycling's bigness waslthe pausing ,o?' tlie^ fol(owii|g motion, pro posed by Mr. Johnsoii and seconded by Mr. Winkle — ' That a deputation, consisting of five officers and members of tlie association ?then- present, together with the members for the district and the members' for Canterbury, wait upon the Minister for Mines to urge upon that gentleman the desirability of resuming aiid reclaiming the swamps and low-lying ground at the head of Long Cove and the .foreshores as far as Iron Cove Bridge.' It was /jiso decided to request the Council to provide a lajfC from Catherine- street to Balmain-road. A!-ioi'i?)aii ScqII cfjjiiic in for soi£e severe criti cism oh flGG'ouijf hijyjijg assorted that the Assbeifttfon gained 0)0 pQuijcfl-'^ patronage to a concert' under fnisis pye'tci-qss.-'.j : ' Our senior member, the Hon, J, Qarr/ii'd, Minister , for Works, still keeps up his interest iu tlie loc.il Public Schools. On Tuesday last ho enticed the Minister of : Education ? to visit oiir borough with tlie object of securing, a good for an - additional school to meet ,the yeqj/iiepfen^s the south west Ward, It will lMS-ctncff)licre} .tfejjt, fijfuptli wgjrc made to get tlio Government to fesuuje i/jego of lnnd at tlie foot of MuHeusistyeec, but it Vijli; proved its unsuitably, aiid the Jfinister has now decided on a site in the ueijihb.ouj'hood of Sinith-sti-eet, 'and\il -\viil be . resiiuicd forth with.1 The two Ministers 'afterwards went to the Dock at Cockatoo, (ind it was pointed out to them tl.at spnie additions to the workshops Were badly required. The object of the visit, however, thy inspection of tlio uew dock. Tho thinl of the Saturday harbour excur sions, 'conducted by the committee who have taken the matter :'n hand, took place last Satur day, when the rbutc was changed from Middle Harbour to, .the; I'arramatta River and Lane Cove. There was only a moderate attendance of excursionists, and a serious loss would have attehded the' efforts of the committee to pro vide; for a periodical outing for residents iu this district; ;liad it not been that the profits on refreshments provided (fruit and milk) helped to 'feduee it somewhat. The steamer left Annandalo punctually to advertised time, and after calling at the various wharfs a course was taken up Parramatta River nearly to the ,tram terinitiug, and' on the return journey a .stoppage of! nearly- an hour was made at Put ney, where (ill hail a run ashore, and Mr. Grant photographed a, number of groups. Leaving Putney 'the .journey was continued till Lane Cove was readied, and after a trip up that beautiful part ' of our harbour the excursion /was finished ;by a run round Goat Island and ho'inc, as before,1 to the different Balmain land .iugs and on to Aunandalc, the last of the pas sengers being ashore by about lialf-past (i. The next excursion will take place on Satur day, February (i, proceeding to Middle Har bour., __ The efforts of the committee who cater for ,thcse',tj;ip3 are well worthy of encourage ment; as they provide an opportunity to resi dents of having an enjoyable blow down the harbor at a ivory smal cost. The annual meeting of the subscribers of the Balmain School of Arts is called by adver tisement for Friday evening next. We have been requested to call attention to the advertisement of Mr. A. B. l'ykc, which appears on the fifth page of this issue. Mr. Pyke has.lt ng since gained a name for being a thoroughly economic and reliable furnishing house, and many will be pleased to sec that he contemplates increasing his Balmain trade by bringing his name prominently before the public ot this district. The monthly business meeting of the Bilmain. Branch of the Thistle Club of N._. S. W. is called for Monday next. 'The business being the election of officers. : The- price. of land in the neighborhood of Evans street maintains a good price. At Mr. Garrard's sale on Saturday, 2(i lots in Rcj'nolds Estate brought from .Cll 10s to ,C3 15s per annunAinder !I0 years leasehold. The Balmain branch of the Thistle Club oE N.S.W., held their usual Social at the Tempt r ance Hall on Thursday night. There was a capital attendance of members and friends, and in addition to the country dances, quad lilles, walzes, &c.; Miss Bertha Brown and ?Miss Rosie White (two very young pupils of Mr. Lyoii, groccr, of Darling-street, Balmain) danced the Highland Fling in a style that brought forth high encomiums. Mr. Robertson sang the song The Anchor's Weighed, ' Mr. Mitchell rendered ' Far Away ' and a comic song ? !' The Irishman's Farewell' with great effect,' Miss, Speed made quite a hit in her song ' Jessie's Dream, ' and a march played bj' pipers Mathieson and Itallock. The gathering was a very enjoyable one through out. . . ? ; 