Mr. Lionel Brought at Home. NOT too far out of town, but just out of town enough, was Percy Villa, when first Mr, Brough inhabited it. In the not altogether forgotten past Mr. Brough sought quiet and seclusion far from the giddy whirl of London, and distaut from the rattle of the headlong lmnsom. Mr. Brough is an ingenious and capable man of a constant mind; but London may not be restrained by individual tastes, and his sometime suburban residence is now quite urban, entirely within the bounds of London. Formerly there were rows of trees to shut in the view. Now Mr. Brough is compelled to plant trees to shut out the houses, which sprout up like mushrooms around him. "Percy Villa" erewhile belonged to Fauutlerey, the banker. Fauntleroy and other gentlemen of wit aud humour upon town had houses in Lambeth; illustrious writers, actors, and actresses lived on the Surrey side. The gentlemen who were not nice as to names they signed on stamped paper, and the other gentlemen who wrote charmingly on any paper, have departed from Lambeth, no longer an artistic suburb, like the Hill of Haveretock, the Avenue of FitzJohn—whoever he may have been—the Wood of the similarly named Saint, or the sweet retreats of Kensington and Melbury, where abound works of brass and of gold, graven images and figures wrought in cuninng needlework. Percy Villa, now embraced in the lengthy arms of London, is situated at the bottom of a lane skilfully designed to keep it out of the beaten track. " The deep-mouthed bloodhound's heavy bay" does not greet the visitor, but two beautiful St. Bernards follow their master as he appears attired in a plain grey travelling suit. The great St. Bernards, Shera and Wallace—Ham and Japhet, their brothers, are not Mr. Brough's property—are presently reinforced by two delightful Cliinese dogs, great red creatures with black tongues and mouths, like the Prince of Wales' Joss, an historic dog. These lovable creatures are greatly worshipped by Mr. and Mrs. Brough and their daughters -young Sidney Brough is already up from home, away, and on the stage. Mr. Brough's house is an Elysium of beasts aud birds. The dogs appear to own tho place, for they walk about aud do exactly as they have a mind to, and the birds have a grand time in the garden. Instead of a genuine pond there is a kind of ornamental pool, at which Mr. Brough laughs consumedly. Herein ducks, Muscovy, Rouen and Aylesbury, disport themselves after their kind, as do geese of the English aud Toulouse varieties. There is, among others, a low comedy goose, who is lopsided, backed like a: weasel, and very like a whale in other particulars. It is a pet, this strange goose, and knows it. The creature follows Mrs. aud Miss Brough like a dog, and always comes to the drawingroom window when his master appears. " Not such agoose as he looks—but just goose enough," as Mr. Brough will say, scouting the idea that he will " have it stuffed." Extremely fond of animals, he also takes a great delight in the art pictorial, and has his house lined with famous engravings of the elder professors of comedy and tragedy, either as separate portraits or in groups representing some well-known scene. Many of these impressions are fine, rare, and choice, like the Hogarths, and the original caricatures of contemporaries with which hall, staircase, diniugroom, and drawingroom are adorned. Among these is a capital sketch of Messrs. Bancroft, Irving and Toole walking arm- in-arm, and other drawings of figure and landscape by Mr. Phil May, Mr. E. Hull and Mr. Lennox Browne. Of the numerous curious and interesting objects possessed by Mr. Brough he attaches especial value to, two. One of these is a meerschaum pipe given to him by the Prince of Wales. The other is a relic connected with two men whose names are, by the queerness of destiny, associated with it. This is a silver box, originally made for tobacco, but now converted to the uses of biscuits, presented to the Wizard of the North, Professor (of Legerdemain) Anderson, by no less a personage than Abraham Lincoln, the martyred President of the United States. It is not wonderful that tobacco-boxes and pipes Bhould be dedicated by his friends to Mr. Brough, for he is one of the most indefatigable of smokers. At every interval of pleasure or business he extracts from some unseen or unknown receptacle a venerable pipe, and begins to smoke it with an appetite which never seems to fail. His favourite pipe is somewhat like Mr. Bright's cigar, which apparently never goes out, and is never replaced by a fresh one. He works hard, but has always time to welcome his' friends. Between the acts he will receive them in his dressingroom, to tell them his last " jape," and to enjoy his smoke with them while they admire the particularly dense and magnificent eyebrows with which he adorns his visage. Burlesque eyebrows are a movable feature with which Mr. Brough greatly delights, for he is not an admirer of subtleties beyond the candid expression of fun. If one were asked to define the character of Mr. Brough's humour, the answer "would be that it is simple drollery. How much is nature and how much is art in his curiously comic method would be difficult to define. There is great fun in his manner. " Make-up" is a simple matter to Mr. Brough. He has the knack of appearing long or short, fat or lean, at will, and can add to or subtract a cubit from his stature with little difficulty. Whether the mysterious " business " of the gloves was invented by Mr. Toole or Mr. Brough is, perhaps, too small a matter on which to institute a Royal Commission, but Mr. Brough remains a great master of stage " business." He is one of the few actors who can make much out of little, develop a droll figure with quaint gesture and catchward from the sketch of the dramatist. The success of his catchwords has been extraordinary. In ordinary life Mr. Brough is what may be called a very go-as-you-please young, or rather middle-aged, man, taking'Iife pleasantly, and making it pleasant to others. When he escapes from the labour of touring and travelling about, nothing gives him greater joy than to gather his friends around him at Percy Villa, and, if they be new ones, to tell them the circumstance under which he acquired this tobacco box aud that rare engraving or original caricature. Like most men whose profession compels them to travel, he is never so happy as when at home surrounded by his family. To them he is the cause of infinite delight when he returns; and among his family, his menagerie of animals, and his collection of friends and pictures, he playB the part of a premature patriarch to absolute perfection. While Robert Brough was engaged in writing such superlatively good burlesques as "Medea," and in contributing brilliant articles to The Train, the vehicle of some clever fellows, with its motto, " Vires acauirit eundo," and to the Illustrated Times, his brothers were taking their own line. Lionel Brough in 1854 appeared upon the stage of the Lyceum, under the management of Charles Mathews and Madame Vestris, in the burlesque of "Prince Pretty Pet." This piece was by William Brough, but four years later Mr. Brough made another appearance in "The Siege of Troy," by his brother Robert. Next came "Cinderella," "ghost entertainments," and the like, and a long engagement in London with the late Mr. Henderson's company. Working honestly along in this quiet manner, Mr. Brough at last made a decided hit with Ben Garner in Byron's comedy, Dearer Than Life." Since then he has identified with himself certain characters of comedy. His burlesque "erformances of Captain John Smith and of Black Brandon are too conspicuous to be pasBed over without notice, but his tony Lumpkin and Bob Acres are things to be recollected as distinct marks in the history of comedy. Like Liston and a few other famous comedians, Mr. Brough is identified with certain characters which he has finished and elaborated to the highest pitch of excellence. There is also no lack of spice in hiB anecdotes. It is a hackneyed remark that many men can invent a good story, but few can tell it. How curious now seems the old-fashioned Raconteur, who was "slow from the slips," and required vast elbow-room in the way of description and introduction before coming to the point —if any! Mr. Brough's talk is always bright, as well as quiet and amusing, and well stored with literature of other than dramatic kinds. According to the catch-word, there is " not too much stage, but just Jstage enough."— The World. HALF ASLEEP !—" I never," wrote a young lady to a friend, " go to church or lecture but I am half asleep, and I never know afterwards what the ssrmon or lecture was about." It was a plain case of nervous lethargy, produced by want of action of the liver and digestive organs. She was persuaded to try American Co.'s Hop Bitters, and now Bhe writes: " How intelligent and briglit are sermons and lectures now, and liow glorious tlie world we live in is 1 Dr. Soule's Hop Bitters are indeed a blessing to me." Notice 