THE GOLDEN HOPE : A ROMANCE OP THE DEEP. 1 dreamt a dream that was not all it dream." 1 BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author ot "A Sea Quiskn," « Tnn Wiikok or thb Grosvekor," "A Sailor's Sweet- heaut," a'c. (The Eight of Translation is Reserved.) V.. CHAPTER XVIII— Continued. By this tiino ho wns fairly accustomed to the straining noises inndc by the seiiojncr when laboring ; but lor a good while he was kept awake by the close and thunderous sound of the sen striking against the weather side of tbo vessel. It grew monotonous nfter.abit, for though there was no regularity in the Golden Hope's pitching and rolling, yet tho thump of the surge was almost pen- " dulum-like. He always know how it would bo ; — first, a wild staggering hesitancy, then a plunge, then the blow of the sea against ' tho bends, tho long lean over, tho quick 1 shrieking recovery, the short hang on the brow, then another plunge, followed by tho blow, and so on, and so on, with a squeak in every treenail, a groan in every timber, a . harsh straining of bulkhead ; nnd bracket- lamp and coats and tho like swiuging to nnd fro, to and fro, scraping against the side, or ' ' hanginglfar out witli tne heavier lurches. There wore notes and sounds for the poor fel low to set his thoughts to. Hnrk to that ." muffled, seething roil of heavy water ennnon- , adiug along the run, and roaring past tho screwed up scuttle near liim. How often ' had Agatlia heard the tempestuous sound When tho gale had dashed the billows of the great Indian Ocean ngaint the coral reefs of , the island I Hear the fierce and strange shontings coming down from the rigging . with loss of their shrill edge as they pierced the deck 1 The sweeping of the hot blasts, tbe! muttering of fiery gusts would often have been heard, by Agntha under' tho mid night stars. ' Then when he thought of her ... listening. he would ask himself would she be always unsheltered ? Had those who were Buved with her built them a hut ? How by this timo would she be attired, lacking all things but tbo apparel in which she was cast ashore '! . You who know that'this man believed his , dream to be a whisper in his sleeping ear from God, yon who know that whether with perfect sanity or with a mind disordered by grief, he was sailing for the island in full i conviction that, tic should find Agatha Fox there ; you may conceive what desperate imaginings of his darling's forlornness, her dreadful plight, her sufferings ; of house- leasness, heinelcssness and fricndlessncss, his mind would he led into when lie thought ' of" the bleak ."and rolling ocean, the flying smoke of clouds, the whirling of the cold green moon, the storming of roaring surges against the ! schooners, and the bitterness of the atmosphere, that even, in his cabin sent shudder nicer shudder through him' as lie hugged the 'Bedclothes to him with a fre- i; quent start when a wilder plunge of the vessel filled her forward deck with boiling and pounding water. At last ho fell asleep, but in his slumber . ho sobbed often and talked aloud. Doubt less he dreamt of Agatha, and it was natural that whatever came to him in his sleep 1 should have, the trouble and distress of tlio windy, Hying niglit in it ; at least one wonid Bay it must differ from the drourns he had of her at Wyloo, when all was still, the stars ' as peaceful as the dewdrops they glistened in, no movement in the trees, no sound in the air it it were not for the timid chirrnp of an awakened bird, or the indescribable ghost-like murmur of the surf will send far inland ; for in such dreams he would often smile and start from his sleep witlrn speech of love to find that his hand had elapsed , fingers more shadowy than shadows, and that the adored form that had been seated at his pillow was real only as memory is. But at sea it is nearly all downright prose. \- Mr. Fortescue was not a mariner, but he eould not own a vessel and be aboard lier without a taste, of tho plain peculiarities . ofv,tIie sea life.; ! hence from dreams of Agatha he was airoused by a smart knock ing on his cabin 'door, and on asking what ' .was tle matter, Captain Hiram Weeks walked in. ; " Mr. Fortescue, it's just past th' half- hour, Bir, or Ii'shouldn't ha' taken the liberty. , . It's daylight. an' ye'Il sec it, line. Sir, if excuses. arc needful for enllin' of yon, plenty of 'em shall follow if ye ain't satisfied. But I beg you to bear a .band, fori sights at sea ?';':are swallowed up. with' astonishing speed." ; 1 So saying lie closed tho door, whilst For tescue, who wot always quick at waking, and who was therefore able to grasp that he was instantly reqiuired oil deck, rapidly clothed himsolf amL hastened above. It was still 'blowing heavily, and a very high sea was running; it. was bitterly cold, too, but elenr,- if. it were, not for the lmze of spray ! blown low and along by tlie wind. It is no joke to a landsman to come fresh from the shelter of a cabin and tho warmth of a bed \- ! into - bleak and streaming decks and half i' a gale of wind'-; and for some moments the .curate stood almost stifled with the '. pouring blast, and dazed by the cold and the wildness of the scene, till Hiram helped " him fir on deck, closing the companion, and then carrying him to tho shelter of the weather bulwark. . . " There, sir 1 Look 1" shouted the skipper ' pointing fair abeam to leeward. A guant man is always gauntest in the morning watch at sea ; and as Hiram stood ' pointing, clod from head to foot ns lie was -in oilskin, tlio leathern, long, hollow face \- framed in an oldi and narrow thatched sou'- wester, . might have been a skull covered with parchment An odder picture there ' never was than that made by this tall, lank figure holding to the rail with one hand and ' pointing with the other to leeward, where ; the bocks of the grey surges ran smooth und ;.... marbled under tjae showering of their own spray. , Mr. Fortescue squeezed the water out of 1 his eygg. and locked in . the direction indi- \- cated, and saw nd>t above half a mile distant " a big black ship under close reefed' topsails, reefqd foresail a'nd .foro topmast staysail,' heeled over till ' the. grass green sheathing ' showed, yon would havo thought, to the ' bilge stroke. ' '' . . " Now, Mr. Forfceseue," cried the skipper, In a voice ns hoarse as a raven's, through the .. exultation . and pride in it, "see now tho .. difference 'twixt.u fruiter nnd a clipper ship I It's the Yankee, sir ; him U9 wo sighted yes terday and who ,' dropped us. So help me ' Bob, sir," he cried, bringing his hand with a whack upon his 1 tiligli by way of emphasis- . ing the word Boh, I " if that there ship to lee ward ratchin' uiider elose-reefed torp'sls ain't the very identical .Yankee as sneered at us yesterday wrch his stripes and his stars. . Tim, tell the genti— is it the Yankee or ain't Thus addressed, the able seaman, Tim Buck, who was at the tiller, himself clad in , yellow oilskin, wli/.'ch' tho wind got into and swelled out into ain aspect of dropsy in the la9t stage — looked 'at the ship and then at Fortescue and sal'd, " Ay, she's the Y'nukee ; : right enough." j . It was a fine sight to behold the extra- ' vngnntly delighted gaze Hiram fixed upon the clergyman. .Had ho won the schooner . ' on a wager the extraordinary satisfaction he exhibited could ( not have been more- striking. Tlio recollection of it nnd of \- the man's whole aippcamncc at that moment entered afterword's into Fortescue's rcmcin- . hrauce of tlio incident, but only just awnke, half stunned .by the roaring of the gale, \- nnd half frozem by the spray-laden, Hashing wind, it wns as much as no could then do to look where he was bidden. The small ensign . . wub tearing, like a flame at the schooner's . peak signal halyards, but there wns no re sponse to it' aboard the American. A benuti- " fit! ship she wus, moulded to porleetion of \- finish in lines, as was easily seen from the windward ; side of her ; a square stern, a . fiddle figurehead, a knife-like cutwater, and tho more, exquisite for symmetry and ap- Scarance. aloft for hor royal yards being own and for tho cleanness her four top- ' ' gallant ' masts took from the absenco . of hamper there. You almost felt her disdain- ; ful wrath- at being overhauled by the little schooner ; for what but that, to a nauti cal eye at -least, should signify the savage blows she struck the seas, those eager swer ving sweeps that would put a tremble, like a : shudder of foiled ''impatience, into the weather leeches of her topsails, tho wild riso of -the oncoming' surge as if slio would leap it in her passion ; then tho sickly reel to ' leeward till the. .grey-backed billow rising high and foaming between her nnd tho schooner hid her- to -half tlio height of hor lower masts from tho triumphant gazoof Hiram and Mr. Fortescue, who was bogin- niug to forget that it wus cold and wet in the melancholy grandeur of tho scone his consciousness was now compassing. Melancholy -it all was, though grand and with wildness in! it, too. Whether in storm or in. calm, tho : ocean in northern or . southern latitudes, where tho sun pises tardily iu the wiiko of the.dawn, is always < j t " i i sacl at daybreak. The shadow of the night seemed to linger in the ashen pouring of the waves, swelling from the windward horizon ; tho sky wus grey and the clouds were rushing in processions of vapor, when- over a sea poured its whiteness into a valley the expiring foam swung up the acclivities with a ghastlincss of hue that was ns unlike the pallid frotli under moonshine or the shining snow of the surges under tlio fuller day, as the color of the leper is unlike the complexion of the healthy skin, 'l'he deso- latencss of daybreak, tlio chcerlcssness and melancholy of it, were in nil things-; in tho damp dark pinnies of the schooner with the senppers bubbling ; in the spray-shadowed cloths which strained wet and full from gaff nnd sheet ; in Ihe.still and glistening figures of the men on (leek crouched aft nnd watch ing tlio American ; in every upheaval of crystalline smoke from the swift chop and shearing blow of tho fruiter's Btein. Yet the grace of the leeward ship stole like a kind of warmth into the early morn ; there wns life in her and beauty ; . you saw the helmsman when she came to windward, stiff at the wheel, deigning no notice of the schooner retching past ; tiie oflicorof the watch at the mizzen rigging ; a head or two over the rail abreast of the foremast ; and the blowing of smolco from the freshly- lighted fire. But the Golden Hope was to have her way of her." It was part of Hiram's triumph that ho should have hung in tho Yankee's wake all night and guessed her leeway so as to bring the vessels , at dawn abreast of one another, with a wind a point free for the schooner, whilst the ship lay jammed to her course. " Johnny ?" ho roared, " stand by to dip the ensign I" And when tho ship was brought fair on the quarter, tho lad who liud been called made the schooner bid her an ironical adieu by three times lowering 'nnd .hoisting the flag, the last time hauling it down for good. ' "Now I'm satisfied," cried Hiram, rub bing his hands and grinning down on For tescue. " Speed's what you wanted, sir, and here it is, dragged out o' the heart of a gale o' wind. After this example of what your vessel can do, Mr. Fortescue, me and Stone '11 be able to feel that the 'sponsibility we took in recommending th' Hope isn't ex ceeded by the coniideuee.we hod in her. If apologies is necessary for rousing of you up — " — but Fortescue checked him by a wave of the hand. (to be continued. ) 