DIOCESAN SYNOD. FIRST SESSION OF THE SEVENTH SYNOD. The first session of the Seventh Synod of the Diocese of Sydney was commenced yester day afternoon, in the Church Society's House, Phillip-street. Bishop Barry presided. Prayers were read by the president. Cl.i'ito V. Tho liPt. of clergy was called over by Arch deacon Kin, when the following answered to their names: — Revs. T. V. Alkin, M.A., CampbolHown and Deuham Court; W. All- worth, Finn and Castlereagh ; M. Arclidall, M.A., .St. Mary, Balinain ; C. liabor, Petersham ; 1\ R.S. Bailev, Uuntcr's-hill ; J. Barnior, St. Barnabas, Sydney ; & Barry. LL.D, Padding- ton ; J. Best, Shoalhaven ; J. It. Bloinlield, All Saints', North Parramatta ; P. B. Boycc, St. Paul, Sydney ; JI. II. Britten, Hyde; G. Brown, Penrith and South Creek ; S. H. Chikle, B.A., WiUoughby ; K. A. Colvin, Rookwood and Auburn ; 0. Corlette, D.D., Ashlield; J. W. Debenhum, M.A., Bowral; 0\. Ditppuy, Kurrajoug ; F. JL Elder, B.A., Pieton and the Oaks; D. J5. Evans- Jones, Granville and Guildford ; T. C. Kwiug, Wollongong ; S. Fox, Croydon ; O. F. Garnsey, St. Lawrence, Sydney ; C. H. Gibson, Castle-hill, House-hill and Dural: W.J. Uiinther, M.A., Canon, St.. John, Pnrramatta ; X. Holme, Lcichhardt; W. Hough, Jtamhvick; B. llungcrford. Enfield s 11. L. Jackson, M. A., St. .lames, Sydncv ; T. Kcmtnls, Canon, St. Mark, Darling 'Point ; Archdeacon King, Trinity, Sydney ; it. It. King, M.A., Wallcra- wang ; J. 1). Langlev, St. Philip, Sydney; W. Lumsdainc, Gladesvillc ; .L N. Manning, M.A., Cook's Piiver ; li. Martin. Waterloo; K. JPKeown, Wi'vorlcv ; Ci. Middleton, Pynnonl: Canon G. LI. Morelon, Burwood ; II. W. Mori, M.A., Woollahra aud W atson's Bay ; J. II. Mul lens, Sutton Forest and Bong Bong ; D. ALurphy, North Willouglibv ; U. H.Mu/.y, Kangaroo Val ley; A. W. Pain. B.A., DarlingLmrst ; J. II. Price, Five Dock : O.'F. D. Priddlc, Liverpool : 1L J. Hose, Strut Idield ; W. II. Saunders. St. George : W. J. Sharp, M.A.. canon, St. Paul's College; j. G. Southby, SS. Simon and .Ttide, Syd ney ; J. Spooner, Prospect and Seven Hills; J. Stack, Dapto and Macqnarie River : A. G. Stmtdart. St. Saviour, Hedfcrn ; 15. J. Stnrdee, Balinain North : R. Taylor, Newtown ami Macdouakltown ; J'. L. Taylor, Kiunore ; T. B. Tress, St. Peter, Sydney; F. T. Trivett, Botany ; T. W. Unwin, St. Luke, .Sydney ; J. Yaughati, Summer-hill : F. C. Williams, Miltagong , R. S. Willis, M.A., Manly and Pitt- water ; A. Yarnold, St. Leonards; J. Hill, Richmond. lay representatives. Mr. Thomas Robertson, registrar, called over tho list of lay representatives. The following were present : — Messrs. G. W. F. Addison, Appiu and Wilton; .1. Allen, Jumherou ; U. 15. A. Allan, Parlinghurst : .T. W. All pass, Water loo ; JL M. Armstrong, .Summer-hill ; K Bailey, KS. Simon and .1 tide ; W. J. Baker, Granville ami Guildford ; F. L. Barker, Newtown ; J. Harnett, S»t Barnabas, Sydney ; W. It. Beaver, Crovdou ; .T. Bennett, SS. Simon and Judo, Sydney; W. Bothnia;, Bamlwick ; J. JL Bowlin, Windsor and Clvdesdale; W. 'JI. Bowman, lvurrajong; JL G. Breillat, Jauehhardt; C. JJ. Brown- rigg, Waterloo ; C. Burt, Itookwood ami Auburn; E. J'urton, Burwood Heights; W. 33. Campbell, Prospect and Seven Hills; IL Chad wick, St. Andrew, Sydney: T.Chambers, Wingecarrihee ; J. Crokcr, Sum mer-hill ; W. Crokcr, Five Pock ; J. Dawson, St. Luke, Burwood ; T. B. Dcarin, St. David, Svdnov ; 15. R. Peas-Thomson, Strathliohi : T. A. Pibbs, Willouglibv ; K. B. Docker, Granville and Guildford; .). 15, Ponkin, Woollahra and Watson's Bay : d. Dunstaii, Pitt Town, Wilber- forco aud Saekvillo Reach ; J. JJ. Durham, Haddington: C. F. Edwards, StrathficUl: 11. W. Edwardsl Miltagong ; T. T. Ewin-c, Wollon- goug; J. J. Farr, Knninro ? J. W. Foster, Casllc-hill, Rouse-hill and JJtnal ; W. Fowler, Catnpbelllown and Denham Court; C. W. It. Garling, St. J'eter, Sydney ; S. Hundley, Macdonald Town ; A. Harbor, Cook's River; J. S. Hawthorne, Loiehhardt ; A. JL JJenudey, Enlield ; G. K. Herring, Gladesville : JL JJilis, Darlingliurst : K. L. ilitchins, Bulli ; J. U. Holdsworth, ' Rnokwood aud Auburn: .1. W. JToskiug, Wullongong ; J. JI. Hunt, Kangaroo Valley : JJ. M. Junes, Canterbury ; T.J. Jaqnes, St. Mary, Balinain : U. JL Jeaii- neret, Llunter's-liill : J. W. .hide, Emu aud Cast lereagh ; J. Kent, St. Andrew, Sydney; T.King, Pyrinont ; JL Knox, Woollahra and Watson's Bar : 13. Kyucdun, .\I.D., St. Saviour, Hedfcrn ; J-'/B. Kyngdon. St. Saviour, Jlediorn: J. K. Lethbridge, Penrith aud South Creek ; G. Lloyd, All Saints, J'arram itta : G. IL Makin, Berriina: J. 15. Matiuiug, ltyde; JL M. Muit- laud, Juimore ; C. Moore, St. JMiiUip, Sydney: T. Moore, St. Michael, Sydncv ; E. W. Molesworih, Newtown : A. Onnsby, Bishopthorpe : A. CMborne. JCangaroo Valley ; B. AL Osborne, Berrima ; J. Jktge, St. .Mark's, Darling Point ; J. J'arry, Shoalhaven : G. W. Pcarce, Prospect and Seven-hills; J. liummer, St. Luke, Sydney; W. J'rioe, Juitield ; T. Primrose, Windsor and Clydesdale; B. IL lininsiord, l5addington ; A. Richardson, St. Paul, Sydney : E. Ridge, Manlv and Pittwater; J. Ritchie, Bishop hurpe : J. Roberts, St. Mark's, Darling Point: JL JL Robinson, Bal inain West. ; 15. ft. Rogers, Ashfield ; C. Rollos- ton, C.M.G-i, Christ Church, St. Leonards ; J. Ross, Gladesville: W. li. Rowscll. Ashlield : C. Sampson, Macdoualdtown : T. S. Scliolelield, St. George: J. Scroggie, Wallorawang: P. L. C. Shepherd, Bowral; JL Shortland, sen., Sc. J'aul, Sydney ; A. J. Sievers, JJulmain Nor'.h ; W. 31. Simpson, Waverlev : J. 3X Single, Emu and Castlcrcagii : JL S. Smith, Wallorawang; J. V. Smith, Fivedock : M. 11. Stephen, JMe- ton and The Oaks : NV. Sleplien, Botany ; Rev. CL 15. C. Stiles, JJ.A., Canlorbury : Messrs. 1J. Stoot, Pyrinont; JAR. Strange, St. Phillip, C. Stuart, Jjithgow; T. Summcrhell, Trinity, Sydney : JL Tarrant, St. James, Sydney ; JL R. Terry," Ryde ; Rev. S. S. Tovey, B.A., Brough- ton Creek ; Messis. JL N.Trehock, Willouglibv; A. Tiickerman, Windsor and Clydesdale ; A. C. Turner, Balinain North : J. Viekery, Waverley; G. Wall, Jbmdwiek ; J. Tf. Walker, St. Gem-go; E. G. Ward, Cook's River: J, St. V. Welch, North WiUoughln ; IT. Westcntt, Botany ; G. R. Whiting, North Willouglibv ; W. H. Wil kinson, Bulli ; JL C. Williams, St. Barnabas', Sydney ; J. T. Wilshire, Burwood Heights ; 35. T. Wilshire, Pcuriih and South Creek; G. F, Wise, Manly and Pitt Water. Registrar, Mr. T. Robertson. nUSlCNATIOXS. The President announced that Mr. W. R. Campbell had resigned his position as repre sentative for St. .James's, Sydney; Mr. James Gordon had resigned for Christ Church, Syd ney ; and Air. JI. A. Riley for St. Luke's, Bur wood. J?To.sk representatives would be elected. appointment op ciiancehlolt. The President uaid that lie had appointed as chancellor Mr. Matthew Henry Stephen, Q.C. — (applansc) — a distinguished holder of a distinguished name. It was right, bv Air, Stephen's desire, that he should state that he had accepted the otlicc on tne understanding that while he would be always ready to act in the capacity of chancellor, he would not be able always to devote so much time as Mr. Gordon had to the active work of the posi tion. Air. Stephen's acceptance of the office would render vacaut the representation of Pic- ton and The Oaks. TJ T15 J>RJ5Si.DENT'S ADDRESS. Bishop Barry thcu delivered his presidential Address. He said : My reverend brethren aud brethren of the laity, we meet as a new synod to-day — new, yet wholly continuous with the old in constitution and work, and largely con tinuous in respect of membership. In these conditions of our meeting is plainly repre sented tho true character of the life of the church of Christ itself, as at once unbroken in spiritual continuity since the age of tho Apost les, and yet ever new in its growth, ever showing itself iu new developments to meet the new requirements of humanity aiul the now culls of the Providence of God. vacancies in the htxoi). Of course (as 1 have before had ocicaslon to remind you) each meeting bears solemn witness by the loss from among us of fellow-sorvauts ot God, respected and beloved on earth, now followed by an even greater respect nud love to their rest hi the world unseen. This year that witness seems to speak with some unusual em phasis. Of our clergy, indeed, but two lmvo crossed the dark river — one. the Rev. William Wood, after the full period of age and work for his Maslor; tho other, the Rev. J\ W. BlretLon, too soon for our desire, too soon (as it seems to us) tor his full usefulness, a sacrifice (I cannot doubt) to the excessive because too continuous strain of work which is here laid on our clergy. Two other places in this Syuod are vacant by resignation. The Rev. JL JI. Alayne, after a career here of singular un selfishness and simplicity of service, has gone to end his days liti the old country ; and the Rev. J. T, Schleicher, while lie has laid down the burden of parochial charge, still, I am glad lo say, remains among us to do useful ministe rial service. But, from tho punka of our lay brethren, there are losses of unusual magnitude —gaps which wo shall find it liurd.indecu, to fill. By tiie quiet ami peaceful dncuy of thai old ago to which ' grey hairs arc a crown of honor," liecausu it is led by God's grace "in the way of right eousucss," we have lost in the lion. John Campbell the man who stood out foremost among tho rich ehurelimou of this colony as one who used wealth obviously as a trust from God, to servo by it in every way the welfare of the community, and, above all. to set forward the work of the Kingdom of Christ. Jn the advance (of the Inst half-century) which has planted new churches, established new bishoprics and eought to perpruuato everywhere under new conditions the servieo to Clod and matt of tho old Church of England, how much has been due directly to bis work, indirectly to his example of a modest, thoughtful, earnestlay Christianity —showing what great things may be done by resources (fur less than those which are wasted every day in sellish ostentation or sollish hoard ing) (to aid work of enduring usefulness and blessing, because work of obedience and devo tion to God ! The stroke of disease brought on by excessive pressure of public duty has taken Iroiu us Sir Alexander Stuart, tho one man who, almost alone among ilioso oc cupying the first ruuk of political service and dignity, never failed to find tiuio and thought, wise counsel and vigorous energy for tho work of the church of Clirist— now in the extension of that work over the whole area of this new country, now in the religions education of our children, now in the development of the sy nodical action, binding together iu one, not only diocese and province, but the whole of our Australian church. look ing to tho public service ot God, we feel that wo have lost in him a leader and a champion. ; looking to the kindly tumplicity and Christian earnestness of his own character, which of us will not feel that ho lias lost, a brother and a friend? Aud, yet, wirilun these walls I hardiy know whether we do not miss even more the >rcscnce of our late chancellor — ever foremost n the direction and furtherance of our synodt- cal action ; ever, in npito of absorbing profes sional occupation, prominent in devotion of labor and thought to every good Christian work : to the bishop and the synod, as I well know by grateful remembrance, an invaluable counsellor; to every churchman (clergyman or layman) who needed him, always ready to give advice and help. The standing committee bade our friend, the Hon. Alexander Gordon, an affeetional' and respectful farewell when he passed to comparative rest and retirement iu the dear old country. Jn every word and thought of that farewell, I know that this synod will most cordially agree. Nor can I fait (though it can but be iu passing) to pay here a tribute of respect to the Hon. Charles Campbell— a noble specimen, as it always seemed to inc, of that old school of high culture and the chivalrous spirit of a true gentlemen, of staunch ehurchmauship and quiet earnestness of Christian faith, which we can ill afford to lose in these days and in this community— and to the Hon. TV. A. Broad ribb, whom I knew but slightly, but who, J. know, boiug dead yet lives lu the fuller knowledge and remembrance ot many here. What shall we say of these things? I Istro spoken of loss, but, to Chris tians, those who are for a time parted from us by death or distance are never wholly lost, for they live in the living inilucnco of their work and" their example, and they live in the unbroken reality ot tjie communion of saints. Yet while I earnestly pray that God will raise up lo us those who may take not the some place but some correnpondiug plaec of service, according to the capacities and needs of succeeding times, J must at. the same time apeak with all the force I can command to tne younger gene ration of our lay churchmen : J must, tell them plainly that, if tho good work of God on earth is not to standstill or to fall back, they must come forward, more and more unre servedly, to devote all the gifts which they may have of wealth, education, inlluence, ability, character, faith, to the service which is laid m duly upon them all. I cannot speak here to day without a keen sense of the loss of those on whom I could always rest as fellow-workers. J. know noli, as yet, of any who stand out as their adequate successors, with jmmiLo of any thing like the service which they have done. But von, my lay brethren, will surely not leave use — your bishop ami your clergy — virtually alone to a work which in any case is hard enough, but in which, if unsupported, we shall simply wear ourselves out and fail. a retrospect. The work itself (thank God !) goes on. My address to you, as usual, must lu partly a record of what has actually been done in the past year; partly, an attempt to bring bef<»»e you some considerations bearing upon tho true principles and the inspiration of that work. In lirst setting before you the record of the year, I shall be, i am sure, pardoned if 1 glance for a moment at the special sympathy ami support which that work has received from his Excel lency the Governor nud Lady Curringtoii. Jt was my privilege, by the advice of 1 he standing committee, to present to his Excellency on his arrival an address of welcome in the name of our synod. We welcomed him . as the repro- sentutive of her Majesty tho t£uecu aud, as such, concerned in all that could promote the physical, intellectual aud ppirltual wolfareof the wliole community. We welcomed him also as tho lirst lay member of our church in the colony, and as such not uninterested iu the special work and needs of the religious communion to wiiich he belongs. Need ! xav to you how fully, ever since he has been among us, he has discharged both Hie functions here implied ? 15ver willing and anxious to father all works for good of liatioual and general character, he has yet bceu most ready to show his sympathy as a church man with the church's own woik — as, lor ex ample, in laying tho fonndation-stono of our enlargement of Bt. Raul's College, in presiding over the meeting of our Church .Society, in giving the sanction of his prcscuce to the inau guration ot new epoch? in the history of our old King's school, and in the humbler bcueliccut work for the outcast in our Church Homo, in so doing wo thank him for reviving the good traditions of old times. We cannot but lee) how much, by so doing, he has stimu lated what we so greatly need— the sense of the duty and the inteivst of all lay churchmen, especially those of high social standing and inlluence, in the work ot the church, wiiich is their own. 1 must tax your attention and patience with some details of fact in relation to the record, which shows that (as I have said) the work goes steadily on. i have to tell you, as usual, of new parishes and districts proposed —three of wiiich, at Dulwich-hill, .Springwood aud Marrickvillo, will be submitted to you in this session. J can tell you of churches opened, after erection or enlargement, at Suuiuicr-hU!, Gl-desville, Jiouty-hill, Au burn, Dulwieh-hill, Jvaluomba, Shellhurbor, Botany (the Chinese church) and (a few days hence) St. Bavionr's, itedferu : of tho foundations of new churches laid at Bowral aud JJexloy : of movements going on, though not yet ripe, tor the gathering of our growing church population everywhere round new cen tre-. In relation to tlm live special enterprises referred to in my address last, year, i have pleasure in informing you that the Chapter House and Syuod-haii has now far advanced, and will be, as 1 conliJently hope, ready to re ceive, more worthily than in days past, the general synod of October next ; that the exten sion of St. JLittl's College is compicic, ami will be occupied ere long by the increasing number of its students : that the fund of tho Church Society, though in what have been comparatively bard times it has not grown as it might have grown under other circumstances, has more than maintained the marked progress of 1884, and has been slightly iu execs of any previous veur; that the work of religious education in 'public schools has similarly been able to pre serve and (slightly to increase its scope of use- fulness, though tarn uounu to ten you that it has not yet received the amount of support for wiiich I asked ; that the cathedral, thanks to the special contributions for choir and choir school, has, under the guidance of our able and most devoted precentor, wonderfully advanced in the frequency of its services and preachings, in the musical standard us ol the regular daily and Suudny services, so also of the great special services which, oil St, Andrew's Day, Holy Week, I5ustor and Ascension Day, and the Queen's Accession Day, have thronged the church with attentive and devout worshippers, and yet from the inadequacy of our building have sent hundreds — i had almost said thou sands — away. the enlargement of the cathedral. And here, let ine in passing say to von, and through you to the churchmen of the diocese that the time is come u huu we ought to face tho question of the enlargement of the cathe dral. It is barely suttieient for our ordinary congregations; it is painfully inadequate to any great occasion. I shall be glad if thcqucs- tion can be brought in some torm under the consideration of the synod. I take it for granted that the idea of a wholly new cathe dral, sometimes thrown out, is hardly within the range of "practical politics." But, 'enlarged the present cathedral maybe to nearly twice its accommodation, at probably less than one-third of its original cart. Whatever elso we may do lo mark the approacuing centcnnary of our church life here, should not the enlranco ou a cathe dral more worthy of the diocese and of its re sources be oue part at least of its Uttiug cele bration ? moore college. But I turn now to other works submitted to the synod last year and approved by its almost unanimous vote — not yet, unfortunately, carried out, in consequence of the need of seeking legal authority, and of encountering accordingly that "law's delay" which Khnkcspcaro notes nuioug the vexatious burdens of life. The re moval of Moore College into Sydney — on which 1 feel, if possible, more convinced than ever that the synod decided with unquestionable wisdom — has not yet been effected, for the Church of J5nglaud property trustees saw reason to believe that they could not, without the sanction of an Act of Parliament, carry out the scheme which the synod last year authorised for disposing of the St. James School Compensation Fund. One element of that scheme was the payment of LIU,0UU to tho Moore College Trustees for the ground on which wo are now assembled, and till that payment is made there are no funds on which to uopond for carrying out the Eroposcd removal. The delay has not perhaps ecu whjolly unfortunate. It was a great per plexity lo the trustees to decide what to do with tic existing buildings, aud the inhabitants of Liverpool were naturally unwilling that Moore College should be altogether taken away from Mr. Aloore's old town. Hence a Huhemohas bceu prepared to convert them to the use of a Church grammar school for tho middle class, occupying a plaec just below such institu tions as the King's School, i'arraiuatta, with the retention for this purpose of part of the original endowment anil the addition to it, if the sanction ot Parliament can be obtained, of the income to bo derived from the sale of some church land in Liverpool given for educational purposes. Tho trustees have, under certain conditions, nssented to this scheme as an experi ment. I, for one, felt that it would carry out, with almost literal accuracy, ono part of Air. Moore's original design. It would create, if suc cessful. one of those institutions of chureli education which wo no greatly need ; it would relieve the trustees from tho necessity, which thoy greatly deprecated, of parting with tho buildings ami effacing the numo of "Moore College, Liverpool." The schemo has not yet been brought to a successful completion, lrat at the next session of synod I trust that 1 may bo nblo to report that all lins Been fully effected— that the work of the Theological College has taken new root in | Sydney, and that two institutions, instead of one, are serving tho great cause of church edu cation. J5or the same reason, that other part of the scheme for the St. James's fund has been delayed. 'The proposed Church Grammar School in Sydney is still a thing of the future. But it will not ( t hope) bo long boforc the necessary bill, which has already passed through the select committee in the As sembly, becomes law, and then not a moment shall be lost in beginning the work. Similarly, as will bo seen by the report of the standing tho necessary J'arlia- mcntary sanction has not yet been obtained for the " Disused Churches Bill," which has just been introduced into the Legislative Council with a view to tho carrying into effect of tho resolution passed in tho last synod, and to give tho synod itself power by ordinance to transfer to other cluirch uses buildings and properly in regard to which it is in their opinion impossible or inexpedient to carry out the purposes for which they were originally designed. The proposed Act will, I cannot doubt, he of the greatest possible use fulness. It will prevent the time of I'arlinment being frittered away over a multiplicity of petty private bills ; it will save the church a large and needless waste of money in tho conduct of such bills ; and, by the safeguard so carefully provided, it will, I heliuve, secure inure effective guardianship of church property than under the present system. I wish Unit I had been able to announce to the synod that it had boon. I trust that here passed, also, what is needed will speedily be done. king's school, parramatta. Meanwhile, the other works for which no Par liamentary authority is needed have been pushed forward. The King's School council jay their lirst report on the table of the synod to day. This very fact is the sign that the school itself has now assumed a public character us an integral part of our church educational system, under the sanction and direction of an authoritative church government. Its con stitution will for the future securo an effective controL over its general wystein for the council, which represents the synod : while full responsibility and power in all tliat concerns its teaching and internal government arc absolutely committed to the head-master. Loug before thu alteration of its constitution — when, indued, I had been but a few days in tho colony-— tlie Iter. G. F. Macai'thur intimated his desire to retire from the head mastership, after many yours of able and faithful service. When the council was consti tuted that desire was allowed to take effect, and their first duty was to elect as head master, under the advice of some of the bunt councillors in J5ngland, the Rev. Arthur .St. Gray, M.A., whose distinguished career at Clifton College and at Oxford, and admirable work at Brorusgrove School, are suflicient proof of his high qualifica tions. Under his auspices the school is just about to re-open. Jt. will be seen that the council have been obliged, in the purchase of property needful for thu school, ami in taking over the whole of the school fixtures and furni ture and linings, ami iu carrying out some needful repairs, lo undertake some grave pecuniary responsibility in respect of which they will need the support of tho synod and of churchmen iu general, and of tho many distinguished old pupils of the school in particular. Nor can they disguise from them selves that improvements in the building arc needed in order fully to satisfy modern educa tional requirements. But they have full con fidence in the future of the school : if that con fidence is justified, those difficulties will gradually be removed, and what is of groutfi consequence, the school under tho able and enthusiastic direction of its new head master, will go on continually extending the scope ami raising the standard of its usefulness, rendering to our community something of the priceless service that tho great public scbooly of Fug- laud have so nobly rendered to the higher education of the old country. the cathedral 8cii00l. Tlie Cathedral school has proved already a great success in its excellent eJlcet, both on the musical knowledge and the general tone and euueation of the choristers. Ai could, however, easily receive 20 or 30 non- foundationers (who pay 12 guineas a year), and increase in tho Dumber of boys already attending will ad vance the efficiency and help the maintenance) of the school. J would, venture to suggest that some of tho richer churches in the city and suburbs might here cooperate with us by send ing one or two of tlrsir best choir boys to re ceive the advantage ot' n higher general educa tion, and of the opportunity of fuller musical stud3'. In this \v:iv? perhaps, the school might aid iu that gcucruf improvement of our church choir which is now everywhere going on. clergy daughters' school. Only ono rtep has yet been taken towards the higher education of girls, at. which I glanced last year. The Clergy Daughters' &clraul; at St. Catherine's, Waverley, has rapidly advanced under the able and kiuitly managemcrA of Miss Phillips, ami the council have greatly enlarged the buildings — more than doubling the accommo dation — with a view to increasing tho number of fciuidatiu:)crsHo20, and of admitting, nsnon- fomi'hnioners thuMaughtcrs of laymen who prize, equally witli the clergy, the advantage of a sound church education of the highest order. Tho scheme is so managed that if the number of the scholars (40 foundationers and non- foundationers) is filled up, the institution will bo .self-supporting. The number of founda tioners is more thau full, but the council venture to solicit the support of all members of the syuod, ami of the clergy especially, in increasing tho number of uoh-foundalioners, nud so enabling them to pay off the expense (about T2ULD) incurred in the enlargement, ami to make the school more and more effi cient for its admirable work. I need hardly say that even then it will leave large room for the establishment of schools of high class for girls on something like the model of tlie "girls high schools" in England. The Church of Jlngiand should, I think, take up this work as soon as possible; and although, in tho great pressure of other enterprises, I have not vet found time to act in the matter, I shall bo glad lo give any move ment in this direction a very cordial sanction and support. religious instruction in public schools. Of the religious instruction iu public schooU j; need only say that the work done in this direction by the clergy and by your committee has steadily advanced, aud that, although the funds at ttieir command have slightly increased, there is still urgent need of that rise to TlaUil a year for which I have already asked, especially (as I feel sure) that we must have some paid assistance to relieve the honorary secretary (the Jtev. A. W. Pain) of thu increasing burden of his invaluable labor. At the same time, I would call the attention of the synod to tiiu re turn appended to the stimdiug committee's re port, which shows — what L think many members have not hitherto known — that the Church of J5ugiand has still adout 2006 scholars on the rolls of her own day schools, excluding all gnnpmar schools and schools of a higher order, and that, in spile of the unequal competition with the public schools, the numbers show no signs of diminution. We shall be only too glad if the 35uueation Department resolve to take measures to inspect, as in J5ng)nml, ail schools which undertake the work of popular education ; we feel confident that, under all disadvantages, our schools will hold their own. Wo believe that there arc still very mauy parents who, oven at higher cost, prefer the fuller security for a sound religious education which tlie church can give. Now. I am aware that tho supporters of these two provisions for religious education form two distinct parties, still— as is natural after the conflicts of tho Sast — to some extent antagonistic to each other. at I would venture to ask whether the time is not come for all such antagonism to cease— whether experience does not begin lo show here (what experience in Jinglaud taught me long ago) that each provision has its own peculiar necessity and vame? Our oue object is that in every way our children shall be thoroughly educated, aud that their cducntiou shall he the religious education which ulono takes cogni sance of all truth.? in their right order and har mony, and trains all the faculties of humau nature in like perfection. In the public schools, which must inevitably tako tne chief place in popular education, is it not worth while to strain every nerve to secure all — and it is much — that we can secure uuder the pre sent law ? Yet must not a school which, while it opens its doors to all, is avowedly uuder tho teaching of the church, constitute a'stronghold of religious education of peculiar strength, free from ail difficulties and adverse influences, and able to work in fuller harmony with the •Sun day- school, on which so much must always depend? I have sometimes thought that'it might he possible to form a church education committee ot society, uith au organising secre tary and inspector, under tho authority of this synod, which might embrace tho whole of tho work of tho church in this direction, push on the iustructiou iu the public schools, en courage ' and aid the existing church day- schools, ami perhaps help the or- organisation and improvement of our Suuday schools also. The old diocesan society — now otiiy a most useful churcli book society— was, I believe, intended for some 6ucli purpose. Alight it be possible to revive this larger function, with extension of resources aud adaptation to the lnoro varied needs of this present time ? LAY CO-OPERATION. I glance next at the provisions for fuller organisation of lay co-operation, on which I dwelt last year. Last night we inaugurated in tho cathedral, with solemn prayer for God's blessing, the Diocesan Association of Lay Helpers, binding together (aa we trust.) morn closely those who are, or shall be, working in tho various parishes of tho church, securing to them (as wo think) a clearer consciousness of mission by authority and a larger conception of what their service means — deepening by common worship and conference the unity of Christian fellowship, and bearing more plainly before thu world witness of the universal duty of lay ministra tion. Last Sunday I publicly sot apart tho first Deaconess of tlie Church of England in Sydney, and I have pleasure in announcing that thu Bum of £000 bus been promised by thu liberality of the two Misses Campbell as a nucleus for the formation of a Deaconess Inst i tution, As soon as it comes into mv hands I ahull call in the aid of our Churchwomuu to help us in organising this most valuable form <ff women's work for Christ. J£re many yearn are over I confidently anUrripatu that no populous parish in Sydney will be without Us deaconess, duly trained and instructed and set apart for her minist ry— a ministry working ou the lines of primitive church institution — but (as it seems to me) even inorc necessary here and in our own days than in times gone by and in the service of the church iu the old country. Since I addressed you last year I have been able to carry out the idea of local lay rentiers, con fining their services to their own parish, and so supplementing thu very excellent work for the church at large whveh our old Lay Headers' Association ban so long bceu doing. What has been done is, however, only an earnest of what should be done hereafter. Fvcry country parish, especially, should have its local lay reader ; otherwise thu services and ministrations of the church cannot be kept up to an adequate standard. J.n our city parishes, while we must have more curates and more catoehists, still there is much, very much, for which the regular aud gratuitous service of the lay reader will have its peculiar value. We are still, if J mis take not, bchiud some other colonial dioceses in calling out and using freely this lay ministra tion. Last, but not least, I have, with the aid of the counsel of my brother clergy, been care fully considering the introduction ot that special kind of lay mission agency which has received the name of tho Church Army iu J5ngland. The matter is one of grave responsibility and some difficulty ; naturally, there was much difference of opinion, and per haps a still larger divergence of feel ing, upou it. But on certain points almost all were agreed. We do want a Church Home ALission, probably of a diocesan char acter, to ctipe with the evangelistic needs of our densely populated city parishes. We are not a hained to acknowledge that iu this respect we have learnt some lessons from the Salvation Army, which we ought to he able to improve upon by the sounder doctrine and the more varied organisation of our church, supplying to those who are converted to Christ tho means of spiritual edification. We feel that for this work we must use elasticity and freedom of method, and for such use, provided that the true spirit of our church is preserved, I am ready to allow all possible lati tude ; and we liavo thought it well that to each parish, under the guidance ot its appointed minister, it should be left to decide whether it will adopt the forms, names, peculiarities of method which the Cluirch Army has employed. Already missions are fully at work, largely by lay agency, with differences of system, in the parishes of .St. Peter's, Wool- loourooioo, Christ Church, Sydney and Fynnont, ami beginnings have bceu made in St. Andrew's ami St. Stephen's, Newtown. At our next sea- ; siou L liope to be able to report that this work ! has hugely extended and lias been more fully organised. There is but one point, however, on which I must glance in passing. This popular agency or evangelism must not for a moment load us to forget that for the whole work before us we want tlie service, not only from thu clergy, but also from the laity of tho highest education, thought and culture, if, on the other hand, our cliief foe is the simple godlessness of ignorance, recklessness, sensuality, worldincss, which needs only the plainest and homeliest proclamation of the gospel from one who knows for himself its re generating power, yet. on the other hand, not least among the thoughtful men of tlie work ing classes, there are real difficulties of faith, antagonisms of rlrul gospels — intellect mil, social and moral — misconceptions or what Christainity is in itself and of the grounds on which it rests, and these will tax the resour ces of our best thought and intelligence, as well as the higher strength of earnest ness, faith, enthusiasm. In some things, lower education and greater sympathy by experience with the habits of life and thought of the uneducated will best tell ; in others, we shall need the larger knowledge of human nature and human life in relation to God, which only the fullest education can supply. What wc must more practically realise is, after nil, tlie old apostolic teaching that " there are diversities of gifts, but the same spirit," aud the special di rection in which we ought to realise it is the eufistmeuR to a far higher degree than I can yet see, of the service ot men of higher culture, social standing and education, in Hie distinctly religious work. .Such men we want to devote themselves, iu spite of the want of all earthly in ducements, to the ranks of the ordained ministry : we want them for the practical lay service of which .1 have spokeu ; we want them in the counsels of this synod aud in other works of the same kind which are going on continually. If there is, by tlie confession of all, a great danger iu the political sphere through the tendency of such men to abstain from active public service, con- icuriug themselves with the easy task of an indolent and luilf-desponding criticism, is not there soinc similar danger iu our ccuiesiastlcai life, telling for-. vil ou the energy of religious aud charitable work ? representation in synod. Lastlv, in completing this record of the year, I must touch ou two subjects entrusted by tho svuod last vear to the standing committee. The first is the question of some modi fication of the priuciple of representation in synod, with a view to limit the rapid increase of our numbers. Thu report of the committee will tell you that tlie general opinion of the lluridccanal Chapters was de cisively agaiust change, and that accordingly they recommend no change at present. L'miur tlie eiroumstauces I eaunot doubt thai, thoir decision was wise. But I. am convinced that, the question is only put off. Already the syuod numbers some 270 — nearly twice many as the members who represent in Far- liameut the whole of New .South Wales ; ami, in my experience, it has increased regularly by 10 or 12 members every year. Even the capacities of our new Synod-hall will soon be severely taxed. For the practical work which tlie synod has to do, it may easily become too cumbrous, and, especially as the increase is mostly small outlying parishes, there may well be increasing difficulty iu finding good representatives. The tiiuu, I think, must come ere long when a ruri-decanal basis will have to be substituted for a purely parochial basis for representation, and when, for this as for other purposes, we must obtain some modi fication of these constitutions, which, in my judgment, fetter tho church far too much in relation to its organisation aud methods of working. Meanwhile, we must rely on the good sense, the power of wiso reticence, and the prac tical energy of the syuod to do effectively its appointed work. superannuation of clergy. On the othor subject, the provision for super annuation of clergy ami for dealing with eases of real or alleged incapacity in the discharge of ministerial duty, two ordinances will be laid before you. The first is a clause iuserted by desire of the standing committee in tho ordi nance for amending the superannuation ordinance which is to be brought forward this year by tho trustees, for tho purpose of increasing the benefits and the usefulness of the fund. It provides that in future all clergy who take up work in this diocese shall be re quired to join the fund. This provision, pro posed (if iaiu correctly informed) in the time of my predecessor and approved by him, has my heartiest concurrence. With conditions of personal and spiritual qualifications of our future clergy the senate would have no right, as 1 aui sure it- would have no desire, to iniei- fere ; hut tcmporaiitiesmre its peculiar though not its exclusive province, and the enactment of such a provision — carrying with it great advantages to thu clergy themselves, according with the wise forethought which is a Christian duty, and supported by precedents of public civil service— will, I cannot doubt, conduce greatly to tho benefit of the whole church. At the same time, it is, of course, far from meeting the whole necessities of the case ; it would bo insufficient even if it were present and universal instead of being prospective in its effects. Some scheme must be devised of a far wider character for the creation — and this will need large contributions from without — of a General Pension Fund. 1 do not think we ought to be satisfied unless, after a sufficient period of service, an allowance of at least £200 a year shall be secured to a retiring clergyman. As yet, the great complexity and difficulty of the problem have prevented the standing com mittee from bringing forward any complete scheme. But this work again will, J. hope, next year bo carried out. For tlie subject itself is important ; it must not be over-hurried, but it cannot too long wait. ministerial incapacity. On tho other matter — more delicate if not more important — the dealing with cases of real or alleged incapacity from any cause in the discharge of ministerial duty— the recom mendation to be submitted to the synod is very simple, supported by prccedeuts in other colonial diocesans and in some recent legislation in. the church at home. It is, that these should be treated iu the same way as allegations of "ecclesiastical offences" before the tribunal already appointed by tho synod. Tho proposal is to my mind strong in equity aud common sense. For neglect or incapacity in ministerial duly is in tho truest sense an ecclesiastical offence. It is in the old moaning of tho word uu " offence," for it is a daily scandal — a grief to those who love the church and an occasion to her enemies, ft is in the modern sense of tho word an offence, for it is a deparLnro from sacred duty, at least as serious iu its effects as tho preaching of false doctrine, almost as serious us personal immorality itself. No doubt the investigation of such charges will be more difficult, for ministerial duty must be defined, as iu J5nland recently, by the ques tions of the Ordinance Service; ami that definition is wide and iuformal enough to intro duce some ambiguities. No doubt legal diffi culties will bo in the way, for, as far as 1 have seen, legal difficulties always are in the way of any measure of Church reform and Govern ment. But, if the principle is right, these difficulties must be faced, and resolutely faced will bo overcome. I therefore commend tho proposal to tho careful consideration of tho yuod. All I will at present eay is— what per- 1 haps T am obliged to know better than others— that the mailer is one of real practical importance, Thero are cases — 1 thank God that they are very few — where the spiritual life aud welfurc of parishes are being sacrificed to ministerial incapacity ; and .1 would remind you that the evil effect of the scandal of such cases extends far bcyonu tiiuse few parishes. Wo must not, thereiorc, put the proposed action aside, because it is difficult aud somewhat invidious. Weigh it on its own merits ; if it seems to you wrong, re ject it; if it. approves itself as right, let it at all hazards be done. OBEDIENCE AND INDEPENDENCE. In connection with these matters I may also draw attention to another ordinance to be con- considered in this session — enacting that all who take office in the Church shall sign a de claration of obedience to the rules oud deter minations of the synod. On the moral duly of such obedience I need hardly say a word us it speaks emphatically for itself. But it is well to express that moral duty in terms of formal and legal obligation, and it is for this purposo that the ordinance is drawn. I trust that my brethren of the clergy will not think that, in approving of there proposals — of which I will say in passing that tlie last two, at least, should, in my judgment, apply, if possible, to the bishop — 1 am in any way careless of their right independence. Of that independence L am very jealous. I hold it essential to the well-being of the. Church that it should not be overborne, but the real danger to It is not from defined legal con trol, but from the arbitrary and capricious pres sure of congregations which is most rife where legal control is least effective. It was suggested in my own hearing not long ago that it was the first duty of the clergyman lo be " acceptable to his congregation," and I, of couise, hud to answer that an) minister of tho Gospel who took that view of his chief duty was simply unfaithful to his ordination vow, which made him the servant of Clirist. Against that pressure I should be glad to see legislative protection at the hands of tho synod. Tlie true ideal is the control of cluirch law over ministers aud con gregations alike. No man has a right to hold a position unless he can really do its duty thoroughly : no mau ought to be driven from his position so long as that duty is honestly done. Suchis the survey of the work and pros pects of the past year. Of subjects of more special interest" there are flomo on which I might hero dwell were it not that they belong mere properly to tlie General Synod, so soon to meet. Such arc the status iu 15ng.:utd of the colouially ordained clergy, tho present relation of our Australian Chureli to missionary enterprise and to the condition of the aborigines, the question of modifications of church system with a view t,o modern work and reqniruiuunln, aud the still greater question of attempt at approximation to other Christian churches. BISHOP MOORIIOl'SIJ. For the same reason I will not do more than al lude here Lo the loss which the whole Australian Church has experienced in the withdrawal from it of a chief guiding and inspiring force in the late 'Bishop of Melbourne — admired, respected, loved, as he was by us all— even while we view with satisfaction his transfer to a high position of honor and usefulness iu Jtngland, as well as, not only a tribute to lii.s own personal merit, but a recognition also of t rue solidarity between the church at home and the colonial churches. DIVORCE K X T K NS ION HILL. But there is a subject on which, as it effects our own colony of New £outh Wales, i nmy rightly touch here. By the advice ot the standing committee representing this synod, I officially petitioned against the Divorce J5x- leusion' Bill. 1 trust that the synod will ap prove that action. It lias been my duty, for many reasons a painful though imperative duty, to enter so largely in public into the discussion of the merits of that unhappy measure that I need uot weary the synod by enlarging upon tnem. It is enough lirst to repeat— what I .have argued again and again— that our opposition cannot be dismissed, in do- fnuit of conclusive argument against it, by sneer or denunciation as a mere ecclesias tical prejudice or a use of clerical aud priestly influence. No! It takes plain, roUrious ami social grounds : it appeais to every J5riglishuiuu to stuuy his Bible, to examine the lessons both of morality and experience, and to think tor himself, it is enough, ucxt, to place once more briidly on record our three reasons for opposing with all our might the relaxation of the mar riage tie which is proposed — its rash departure from what we beiiove to ho the Christian law plainly laid down in the New Testament by Our Lord Himself: its tendency to impair, both in fact aud in public opinion, that sense of tlie sacreduess and practical indissolubility of marriage ou which tlie moral wuiiarc of society :-o greatly depends ; and its variutiou. without, so iur as we can see, any adequate ex cuse, I torn the general tenor of the law of Eng. and and of the whole Jimpirc. We have desired to uo all justice to the character and natures or our opponeuts. if the bill is carried, it will be main»y by Christian hands aud on motives of compassion and philanthropy. Bu." none the less is it auotuer serious step towards the secularisation of that old English law of which " Christianity " (we used to be toid) " was part and par cel. ' Jn seeking to relieve individual cases of hardship with what may prove a question able boon of relief, it sacrifices the good of tlie whole community ; and. though its promoters may not ue>ite i:, it panders to the growing im patience of legal rest raint over individual uesire, and tends lot he fatal misconception and degrada tion of marriage, as simply a matter of mutual contract to be dissolved as soon as it is fouud burdensome. Strange to say, so sweeping a change — wiiich ought .surely t'o have been passed only with a considerable approach to uiiammity anda:ter full deliberation of :ui who had a right to deliberate — was carried in the Legislative Council only by a small majority in a House of little more than half tlie whole numoer of members. The public decision is still (I think) itnpronouuced. 1 earnestly trust that, even now, this community may he kept from a slop which, religiously, socially, and, so to speak, nalioually? would be, 1\. believe, a disaster to its higher life, serious far bu. ond our expectations and even beyond our fcara. what i.? protestantism? My time is ruuniug out ; your patience may well he almost exhausted, but the very variety and extent of the practical matters which I have had to bring beioro you lead up naturally to the oue general principle on which in conclusion J. desire to awull. As I survey the work which lies before us here I am still (as L was l:i-t year) strongly impressed with our need not only of deeper" earnestness and higher enthusiasm of faith, but of lunger and more comprehensive conceptions of church life, of church work, aud of church mission. Of "chinch life," as something greater aud deeper than the partial formulas, by which men are apt to describe it, than the parties which divide us and make out of these lormulas their halite cries. Tims, ou one side we hear of Protest ant ism as tlie one thing needful, defining tho whole of our reiigious position, and de-crihing the whole character of our church, faith and life. Now, if by Protestantism is meant adherence to the great principles and constitution of tho reformation, there is not (I suppose) ono of us who does not resolutely aud thankfully take his stand ou them — no more dreaming of going back from the position then won for the Church of England than of surrendering our civil liberty ami cutting the sinews of national progress. Jhit does the word or the idea of Protestantism describe tlie whole of the prin ciples ol that reformation settlement, in which as i ho parliament itself — the assembly then of chureli laity— declared there was to ho no " varying from the Catholic faith of Christen dom ?" What is lhotesruntism when we set aside its first narrow historical meaning in Ger many, and then its purely negative significance, as u repudiation of the usurped authority of Rome ? It is surely the right assertion of the principle of individualism in religion— the em phatic recognition of the personal and indivi dual priesthood ot each believer, carrying with it tho right of religious liberty, tho right under solemn responsibility of private judgment, the right of some share in the guidance and go vernment of the Church itself — in winch he has direct spiritual access to God through vital, personal union with the Lord Jesus Christ. Jts true motto seems to be from »St. Paul, " The Head of every man is Clirist and the Head of Christ is God." Its chief trophies are the assertion of Lite open Bible, open freely to tho knowledge and the judgment of all men as the solo ultimate standard of necessary Christian faith ; the opening of the Praycrhook for tho public worship of God to the understanding, tho soul ; the securing, as of right, to all baptised men the full privilege of Cluirch membership in life and in death; tlie cm- phatie declaration (after the teaching of St. Paul)— a? especially in the crucial point of sacramental doctriuo, round which tho J5nglish Reformation so largely turned— of (faith, which is the personal adhesion of the individual soul to Clirist, as everywhere the one thing absolutely needful for participation, whether through the means of grace or through the secret, working of the liolv Ghost of the indwelling of Christ on earth. These arc great and priceless truths, old as Christianity itself, but re-asserted with undying force in "what is commonly called Protestantism. In these I think lie its essence, and it is simply au error aud an anachronism to confuse these by identify ing Protestantism with this or (hat- point of external form, this or that detail of public wovshin— as the Privy Coitucil so wisely pointed out in respect of the Knightsbridge Cross and the Exeter Jteredos — which, no douht, had significance once, but which under tho changes of thought and life through centuries have ceased to have distinctness and value, fio defined, which of us will not glory in the name of Pro testant and thank God from his heart for that which Protestantism has won ? But docs in dividualism cover tho whole of litimuu life, even in its most sacred aspect of relation to God ? " No !" I hear it answered on another side, "Jt is Catholicism which describes tho true character of the spirit ml life of humanity in Christ." Again, the answer draws its motto from St. Paul—" Christ is the Head of the whole Church, which is llis body." Catholi cism— tho word speaks indeed of tlie universa- lity of the Church of Christ in respect of time, of space, of character, co- extensive in idea and m practical growth towards that idea witli the human race itself ; but its essential idea is the recognition of a true indwelling presence of Clirist, according to His own promise, in the common life of the whole church— unbroken through all the lapse and change of ages, through all corruptions and heresies, through all the divisions — not (thank God) extending to the ultimate foundation— which distract us now. It is the revelation of God to and in humanity, not as individual, but as social. No one can wonder that the thought of it presses itself emphatically upou us now, in an age when all problems, political, social, philosophical, are passing from individualism to what, in the longest nausc, may be called socialism — mainly because everywhere indi vidualism lias won the battle 'bf personal free dom and because the question now is how to use that freedom for the good of the whole nation or thu wliole race. It sees in the very existence of the Church of Clirist, unique as it is iu history, a living witness for Christ Him self. In drawing out the true sense of the WorcPof God, it recognises in tlie hisltory of tho thought, the life, the teaching of the church an interpretative power to which none inn abso lutely submit the voice of his own soul, en lightened by the inner Grace of God, but which it is unreasonable, almost mad, to disregard. In the public worship of God it delights to claim, as in our prayer-book, continuity with the worship of the church of all ages past almost from tlie apostolic times to our own, and to find in it not only a standard of tnic devo tion, but a formative influence on# lite and faith. It emphasises the reality and life-giving force of the sacraments as means of grace, grasped, indeed, only by individual faith, yet requiring the ministration of the church to the individual belieVer, aud thus sacraments not only of life, but of unity. Jt asserts, accord ingly, the sacredness of the call and mission of the ministry of the church as an ordinance from tho apostolic times and as derived ultimately from Christ Himself. It holds that, ti9 there is individual freedom, so in tho whole body there is an authority — sacted, although not absolute — to which, unless the thought ful verdict of conscience peremptorily forbid, men should freely submit their freedom, niui so work all in order and harmony to a common end. In these things— not, again, in this or that form, ritual, language, especi ally if these be tho obsolete expression of days gone bv — lies the essence of true Catholicism. Who will, again, doubt that in its witness there is great and needful truth ? Yet, who can recognise in it the whole truth if it neglects or despises the other truth of Christian individualism and if ignorantly it denounces the Protestantism which embodies it as being inconsistent with its own truth— if it obscures, instead of illustrating, by tradition tlie word of God ; if, in its reverence lor the old, it denies all right of refortu and origination to the churcli of our own day ; if. in asserting the reality of sacramental grace, it forgets the need of spiritual reception by faith alone; if by the authority of the church and the ministry it overbears the ultimate sacred freedom and re sponsibility of every soul in its personal uniou with Christ? But' let the harmony of JTo- testanlism and Catholicism be ever so perfect in asserting the supernatural headship of Christ over the soul and over the church —is the last word of Christianity then spoken? "No!" We are told again: "Beyond these there is thu world of the wholo> humanity, for which Christ died, and to which— as Ho Himself told us — the Holy Spirit has a witness." Once again, the teaching "lias its scriptural motto in the apostolic declaration of ''Christ as tho Head, gathering in Himself" all humanity — nay, all tho created being, which " was made by liiin and for l'lim." All truth (it nays) must be, however discovered, a revela tion of God aud must therefore be harmonised with the Supreme Truth, revealed in the Lord Jesus Christ. All powers of nature and humanity must he the workings of the Almighty Arm, and they equally must have their points of contact and harmony with tho miraculous power of the incarnation of God in His huinau nature, and tho supernatural grace to all who receive Jlim which is its inevitable conse quence. The whole life of tho world, in all its aspects — domestic, national, universal— must be claimed for God iu Christ, harmonised accord ingly in many undertone.? with tho supreme note of the religious life of faith and devotion "hid with Him in God." All that in the soul is true and righteous and pure aud loving— wherever and under whatever conditions it is found— must be the inspiration of God, and so must, again, have its subordinate harmony with tho supernatural inspiration of tue Bible and of the uhristiun life. Everywhere, as wc ob serve. the watchword of this teaching is "har mony"— harmony in spite of the dullness of human imperfection and the discord of human sin — hotweeu the natural and supernatural — between God in nature, in history, in humanity, and God in the Lord Jesus Clirist. " Who, again, can fail U recog nise in this teaching not only truth, but truth specially accordant with that craving for unity in truth! in law, in power, m Clod, which is so characteristic of the thought aud aspira tion of ihcsc days. Yet, who will uot see the danger plainly visible iu it of obscuring and explaining away the distinctness of the .super natural, or at least of failing to bring it out with that direct simplicity wiiich is needed by simple, ignorant, siufui soula for tbeir own salvation, ami which is needed as a witness by a xe.i- worshipping and at least half -godless world? Better, we think, the barest, even harshest unison of the proclamation of tlie super natural in Christ than the througiiig multitude of lesser notes of a con fused harmony in which the Supreme note is obscured or 'lost. All those various aspect? of christian truth and church life there must be, for they belong to btimau nature aud God's dispensation to it. I t is uot likely that in any one man, or any one school, they will be re cognised in perfect proportion. Each will be apt to emphasize, perhaps excessively, the one aspect wiiicii lias been iu each the revelation of Christ to the soul. No one can look back over the revivals of tne last century iu the Churcli of England, ami indeed in all English Christianity, without seeiug how each has been brought out successively witli peculiar emphasis. All (thank God) are at one as to the Supreme Headship of Christ ; all, as to the need lo sinful humanity aud the reality ol llis salvation : all, as to the duty of " fighting under Hi? bauner against sin'ihc worid, and the devil:" all study the same J5»g!ish Bible ; all worship in the same English prayer-book. The true life of l he chureli of Christ is greater than any one of these ; it includes all and 1ms n place for all. For myself, within the necessary limits of law and order, I would always leaVe freedom to all; I would strive to sympathise with all wherever the life of Christ is seen and the work ot' Christ is done. Will not it be our wisdom, while with all our niigut wc set forth what we ourselves believe to be true and needful, to recognise the largeness and variety of Christian life and thought, to abstain as far as may be from party strife, suspiciou, denun ciation, lo thank God for the great things in wiiich wc agree, to see that even the differences between us may he overruled to variety, and so to larger scope', of power for God V largeness and unity in church work. Nor cau I refrain from touching— though it can but be brieily and iu passing — on the need of greater lavgouess aud unity iu church work. It seems to mo that — setting aside all divi sions of cliques or parties — we are what 1 may call "ovur-parochialUud " in our Chris tian activity. Uf course I know that work for Clirist, like charity, " begins at homo " —as iu n man's own soul, so in the congregation or parish, which is to him Ihe nearest and most vivid representai ion of collective church life ; nor am I unaware, by Hie lessons even of mv brief experience, how strongly the necessity of struggling to plant everywhere new centres of teaching and worship must tend for a time to localise iuterest and work. But slill the fact remains — and out of it we ought now to grow — that it is hard, very hard, to bring out here real unity and real energy of the church in common work. The clergy are, or think themselves to be, so absorbed in parochial duty that our general organisations for church work — our missionary associations, our .Sunday-school institute, our temperance and White Cross unions, our edu cational associations, even our great Church Society — arc apt to he but languidly sup ported, citlier in central or local action. In enterprises of larger interest still, in which we of the Church of England act with other Christian chnruhcs — and in matters uot dis tinctly religions, but affecting tho interest, moral and social, of the wliole community— must not T, without, desiring to complain un duly, confess that f find myself, in whatever work of this kind I am able to do, often too much alone ? Nor can I, in honesty, fail to ad dress this remonstrance at least as much to the laity. I havo heard congregations and their representatives selfishly complain because the minister of their parish takes his right aud useful share in the common work of the church or of Christianity umougtus. I fear many, very mauy, churchmen, prominent in wealth, stand ing and education, who worship Sunday after Sundav in their own churches, perhaps take soiuo interest and give sonic help in parochial work, are seldom or never seen in our church societies, in our public church gather ings, in adequato support of general church works, or iu the deliberations and labor of our church synods. Again, without undue com plaint, may not I say how, much, not for my 'own sake, but for the sake of tho work, I am forced to wish for larger measure here of the support for winch I have some right to hope? Our very church organisation bear? impress of the same want. Jts parochial needs are in some measure- though, evou here, not in full measure— supplied. But central agencies for general church work, without parochial attachment, wo have next to none, and for want of them the burden upou ono who holds tny position is great, not so much in regard to work tfor of work no bishop will bo afraid), hut In distraction re little things of time, thought, energy which might be more usefully employed. Here, as in the larger and deeper "matters at which I have glanced, ought not we to desire — if we are to hold our right placo in work for Christ must not wo have — some larger und wider conceptions of what the duty of church membership implies ? For only thus can we rise to great and worthy concep tions of what is our mission here. TIIF. MISSION OP THE CJirRi,!! OF CHRIST. The mission of the Church of Christ, as a whole, in this land is nothing less Hum tins— to win or to preserve tor our Lord mastery over the future civilisation of a new JCnglisli world of the south. Crude as yet and imperfect are everywhere otir beginnings ; often we feel their littleness in comparison with tlie larger and richer life of the great old country. But they are beginning? of what should be a future of great opportunity, aud there is much, infinitely much, to bo done — against many negative hindrances and many virulent antagonisms — to win for that future true greatness, and to win it for Christianity, or rather for Christ. And in that mission shall not. wc claim some share of leadership for our own Church of England ? We arrogate to ourselves no ex clusive privilege or superiority. But we must keep our place — aye, and we must make sacri fice to keep it. Jt stirs my impatience (I con fess) when, for instance, iu respect of this or that contribution to the work of God in our church, I hear it said— in the calm tone in which a man might describe some physiological peculiarity — " Oh, the Churcli of J5ngland have not boon educated to give." " I5ducaicd !" 1 am inclined to say — How will they ever he edu cated if they have not learnt from riiu pluciot teaching set before them, if they cannot read the still more urgent teaching of proved neces sity and proved opportunity ? If the phrase means anything, it means that they have nut. educated themselves to a sense of individual Christian responsibility and a belief in thu mis sion of the church of which they are members. If that be so, or continue to be so, then tare- well indeed lo any future greatness for our church. It will fall, and deserve to fall, from its high estate, and leave tho bauubr of the Cross, which slips from its nerve less grasp, to abler and more faithtul hands. But I do not, and I will not, believe it. As I cannot but think that for some high purpose the wonderful history of our English power and swav ha3 been developed under the I'ro- vidcnce of God, so it is to me incredible that our Church of England should have been so wonderfully guided and preserved — brought through a thousand dangers from without and revived again ami again from (loudness within — growing and spreading over the world with the growth of our "Empire, adopting itself to new needs and new condition? of exis tence — unless it has indeed before it some great future of work for God, and of glory, not its own, but His. To that mission i pray that everywhere our church may rise, and that in that rise wc, in this Australian church, wo, in this its metropolitan diocese, may not be wholly wanting. (Applause.) commissary. The President stated that he had appointed the Von. Archdeacon King as commissary during the sittings of tho synod. secretaries. On the motion of the Yen. Archdeacon King, the Jtcv. J. Jtargravc and Mr. \Y. li. Beaver were appointed secretaries. chairman of committees. Canon Gfxthkr proposed Mr. Thomas Robertson as chairman of committees. The motion was agreed to. elections and qualifications committee. The Rev. J. D. JjANGlky proposed, and the synod agreed to the following gentlemen acting us a committee of elections and qualifica tions Rev?. Ilnngerford, J. Yaugban, G. Middleton, U. J. Rose and Messrs. T. N. Tre- bcck, E. R. Deas-Thompson, P. L. C. Shepherd, II. Selwyn Smith and Dr. Kyngdon. reports. A number of reports, returns and accounts were laid upon the table and ordered to be priuted. first readings. The following ordinances were brought in, read a first time and ordered to be printed : — An ordinance for regulating the mode of elect ing representatives to the Provincial Synod ; an ordinance for regulating the mode of accept ing ordinances and determinations of the Pro vincial .Synod: an ordinance to provide for dceiaration of .submission to synod ; an ordi nance to provide for dealing with cases of real or alleged incapacity in the discharge ot minis terial duty: an ordinance to amend tho Super annuation Ordinance ot 3876 and the Super annuation AueuUmont Ordinance of 1877. Ou the motion of the lion. E. Knox the amended ruics for tlie management of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund were read a first Viine and ordered to be printed. The Synod then adjourned until 3.30 p.m. to- day, 