SEANCE AT NORTH SHORE (mos Tnii "wtIlI..UOIInT ADVOCATr," OSAT 11.) In a quiet "outskirt" of North Shore niot a mile from tile Reserve--there dwells a lady who has for somtne six months palst been regarded as a medium possessing the art of materialising disoemlubodicd spirits. This lady hts been in tiem prac tice o;n certain evening., of beckoning up the shades, and clothing them with flesh for the benefit of sentimental people. She takes half-a-crown each from the credu lols and curious alike and snummonll up the spirits from the vasty deep, and bor another two and six sets them talking to individual members of the circle, who pay for the privilege of getting points from their friends on the other side. One evening during the present week there wlas one of these spirt-shows announced by private circular, and upwards of thirty persons assembled at the medium's resid dence to interview the denizens of the ,ther world. Amongst the audience were two old investigitors of the phenomena, Messrs. P. J. Wallace and Fred. A. l'xley, proprietors of this journal, who entertained very " grave" doubts as to the genuine mess of tlhe manifestations. I'The circle having been plhced,thle lights were turned low, mand the mediuml entered a calinet and begarn preparations for calling up the spirits. After the uasual mystic persuasive ness it was announced that the ghosts were acqliescent and were coming to commnluno withthe circle. An aperture appearedin tlhe folding doors, a curtain moved aside, and Spirit No. 1 was disclosed, and announced as Lady Fitzroy materialized. Tile spirits of several othler distinguished dlefunete retutrned to the fleshl to talk with the s'elect" of the circle, who with many "Ohl's" and "AAh's" acknowledged the nfavour, holding their Ireath in awed credence. A departed sister of one of the party returned and talked with hlim at considerablle length. Finally thie spirit of a lady, long deadl, was announced by the celestial title of "Star- Eye," by which _nume she seemed a familiar of several of the circle. She appeared to be a ghost of superior rank, and the veteran sitters of the circle were much more awed at her appearance tlhan at the condescension of Lady Fitzroy, Sir Isaac Newton, or any of the illustrious dead who had come for a few moment's gossip with the meeting. ,Ir. P. J. Wallace grew interested, for he 2ioticed a remarkable physical resemblance in all the spirits of thie evening, as if each wore tihe same fleshy garmentover diferent spiritual framework. In fact, the spirits -to an eye which penetrated the outward disguises of head-dress and points, looked all one family. Wallace put up his " half-bull" for a chat with " Star-Eye," learned from her all tlhat his departed Ifriends heold very ligh positions in sipirit life, and thlat tlhey would all come in turn to commune withl him at future sittings. . At the parting tlle.spirit pu1t uit a hand to lay it on his head, when hie grasped the wrists i'ith both hands, giving a violent pull. " Star Eve" shlrieked hysterically as lier ]head bangdd against the door with a force that chlanged her to S'Black Eye," and proved tihe inaterial part of her, whlatever might be .thoughlt of her spiritual plretenslons. The cort pamy raised hands andt voice in holy horror at thie profatiation of the spirits. V Wallace, however, braced himself against the door, shouting above tihe clamousr of thde com Ianyt "t" oe' out of that, you tlhunder ing fraud !" Tile ghost straggled hard, but the editor , tugged like a. dog at .* ..shin bone, and after a,. hard struggle thie spirit yielded with a shriek, 'and cameo throughl tlse aper taure in the door hexd-first, with an othler spirit strangoly clinging to her.' The' twopiled on top of Wallace, who fell on lhis back. in tile middle of thie floor with the violence of hIis pull asd. thq sudden yielding of tlhe spirits, and P'axley, fear ing for his partier's safety, rushed to tihe rescue, and assisted in frdoeing himn from his spiritual burden. In the fall tls spirit's . wig fell off, and her .ivories hdropped. out ea , mttssb, .revealing, tile features of the lady of the loutse (the ntediusi), and the other spirit proved to ie a youtng lady confederate in tihe fraud. 'The circle' broke' unp in' considerable ex citemenat, and' Wallace and Puaxloy mtade thleir exit :.through ,the front window. 'This is thie third occasion within the hlast ten years s. o which. Mr. Walace has "bowled dut" tricky mediunis, liis lengthened investigations and experiencea in psycliological jahenomena enabling-him at a glance to detect simulated tatnifesta tions. , . 