I ' Vfce âMnéal Races. j Tnï thirteenth annual race meeting under tke Towers Joekey Club commenced this morning nuder most favorable circumstances as far as the «eather «ras concerned. On Tuesday the rain ceased and we have had fine weather since. This morning was cloudy with a fresh breeze blowing. The course was a little heavy at the quarte» mile and at the bridge, the latter place being as good as ever it was, the remainder of tile course was in excellent order the inside running being the softest. The coaches started rp TI m"ng early and continued with heavy loads until after 12 o'clock. The members stand was about half full at 12 o'clock but there were a* very few ou the grand stand. The gaming tables were in full ewing. One,ingenious individual had a goose ?which drew the lucky marble, and a 'big trade was done at that game.r The Boyal Band en livened the meet by playing several selections on the stand. : lar. Deane acted as judge for the first race during Mr. Sellheim'e absence afc the Cape. The reporters' desk was fitted up in a luxuriant f style. There was a nice desk -of Queensland timber-hardwood inlaid with corrugated iron. Half a dozen pngiusts had a tent for sparring in at the rear of the grand etand, and they did. a big trade at ls. ahead. The booths all did a good trade, as at 2 o'clock about 2000 people were present. Mr. W. Park pro vided a good luncheon for the stewards. FLYING HAJTDICAP cf 60 sovs. ; for all horses. Second horse, 10 sovs. from the prize. f mile. Mr. P. A. CasBidy'fi c Major, 9st 21b ... 1 W. Cann/e cg Clarence, aged, 7st 12lb 2 W. Higson's b g Orphan Boy, 7st 121b 3 A very good start was effected; Major took the lead and %ept it to the finish, winning as he liked in lmin, 24 2-5th secs, lt was a ope horse race, none of the other two having a ghost of a «hew. Ma&CHEBTES; PilTE-A Handicap Sweep stakes of 2 sovs. each from starters, with ISP sovs,added} for all horses. Second horse, 25 BOTO from the prize, li mile. Mr. B. Thompson's Bîchmond flem; Sst 6lb 1 B.. Crofter's bc Minoran, Sst2lb ... 2 Al Barrington'B br g Wbollongong ... 3 Chelsea, Sutton, Orphan Boy. and Assayer also started. Bichmond Oem' took the lead at the start with Woolongong and Minoran close handy, they kept the same position past the stand- At the quarter mile Assayer came second, and waa collaring Gem at the topof the hid, and down past the bridge 1 the pony looked like a winner. Coining in the BtraighipEnorah made a mighty rush and took second, Gem still having the lead. Assayer ran wide in the straight and lost ground. Oem won by about a neck.. It was a most eli citing - race and well contested. Time, 2oiin. 47sec.. The betting was 2 to 1 Chelsea, 3 fri 1 Woollongong and Minoran, S to S Sutton, 5 to 1 Biclunond Gem. 