A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through supor natnral agenoy, that I may bo acoused of writing on a worn-out subjeot. Howover, in Bpito of this, it may interest many to hear tho following atrango occurrenoo whioh haDnened in a well known family somo years ago, and whioh was related to me by my friend Mr. ? , on tho strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I over wish to repeat it. I will tell you the story as near as possible in this gentleman's own words : — ' Two or threo months after marriago I took my young wife down to my nlaee in tho north of Scotland to spend tho New Year, it having been a timo honored cuatom in our family to do bo. Though tlio weather was bitterly oold wo all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wifo, who was tho only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits and tho lifo of the party. Lata in the evening of New Year's Day wo gentlemen woro amusing our selves in tho billiard room (it muat hava been nearly twelve o'ciook), when I was sur prised to hear Violet's voice calling mo from above, sho having retired some time beforo. On going up to her room, sho informed mo that Bho had beon much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of slcdgo bells, and that on opening her window ahe had Been ono quickly approaching, drawn by a magnificont pair of blaok horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under hor window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she cnuld recogniso the occupant ot tho eledge. As she did bo ho raised his head and looked hor straight in tho face, whon she discovered he waB a perfeot stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglher oyo, he held up his left hand and ahook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down tho avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discovar who this mysterious stranger conld bo, and had called mo up to see if I knew. She described him as being quito young, but with snow-whito hair, pierc ing black oyeB, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he waB not one of them, and tho only conclusion we could como to was that ho was some visitor from town who wished to astonish tho natives with such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a Bledge. I asked hnr if sho was quito suro she had not been droaming, when she indignantly replied that sho had nover felt more wide awake in her life, having at tho timo beon sitting up writing a most import ant letter. When I related my wife's story in tho billiard room, ono of my convivial friends suggosted that we should all sally forth in a body and search tho ground for tho unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, any Bmaii excitement always being acceptable in a country houBe. In tho mean time tho weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, whioh accountcd satisfactorily for our not b:ing able to discover traces of tho Bledgo. We soon got tired oi the searob, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and Had made tho best of his way homo. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when we chaffed aboufher melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seoing that it was not welcome wo soon dropped tho sub jeot, and in faot forgot it. That evening, as wo mon had just decided on separating for tho night, \tl13 door of the smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my who rushed in, her dressing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. Sh6 hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, Bank into a ohair, gasping out : ' Ho has oome again 1' Seoing that she was really a&eetcd;, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to givo me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gono to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by tho sound of approaching sledgo bells, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to tho window, whero ehe discovered tho sledgo had been brought to a standstill at exaotly the samo Bpot as on ihi previous night. On her appotrii.ee tho driver, looking up at her steadfastly, bad raised his hand and Bhaken hi3 head in pre cisely the Bams warning manner os boiore. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, tho poor littlo woman had ruslied down to mo in this excited condition. Wo all felt most indignant at what wo began to think was o very impertinont practical joke, and, confiding my wife to tho care of her maid, rnBhed out with thointention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly ; the night was clear and froBty, tho ground was oovored with snow, although none had fallen since tho morning, and I oonfesB that I experienced quite a shook when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the Bnow was com pletely undisturbed, and thero was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. Wo all returned to the houso Bome over, when we came to the conclusion that there must bo something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible littlo wife oould be the victim of any suoh delusion. Therefore wc unanimously decided on keeping a watch in tho billiard room — whioh waa immediately beneath Violet's room— on the following night, and wait for what might ocour. In the mean time we had agreed not to mention tho sub ject to my wifo, and tho next day, sho not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for tho night, wo, boing fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the biliiardroom to commonoo our vigil, where we turned down the gas and drew up the b'inds, and were all on tho qui vive for anything that might happen. The silenoa waa becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall, Eushing up to my wife's room, from whence it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in hor ovening dreBB, with her window wido open. It waa a long timo beforo hor maid, whom I found in tho room, oould rcatoro her to consoiousness, and oven then sho seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, ' Why does ho como ? What doeB ho mean ?' Tho maid afterwards informed mo that she bad boon requested by her miBtress to remain in her room with her until hor master camo up, and she had stated sho did not intend un dressing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long timo at tho window, nnd appeared to bo listening in tently for eomething Bho oxpeotad. Sud donly Bhe had given a violent Btart, and leaning out of tho window, bad excitedly callod tbo maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether sho could not seo anything coming up tho avenuo or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a otill moon light night, almost aa light aa day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared sho could eeo or near notmng, ana naa only just turned from tho window when sho was horrified to seo her miBtress stagger back wards and fall fainting to tho ground. Tho violent shock that my wifo had received to her norvous system resultod iu a long and serious illness, and as soon as she could bo moved I took her on tho continent, whero she shortly recovered her hoalth and spirits. Wo neither ot us over alluded to tho causa of hor illnOBB, Bhe feoling pcauliarly sonsitivo on tho Bubjeot, ana resenting my haying treated ? w- it as an hallucination. Though apparently forgotten by ua both, I did no*; consider it judicious to eponrl tho coming New Year in Scotland, and wo therefore ngroud on paying a loncj- promised visit to St. Petersburg w wro I had many intimate friends fnJnflteniial circlcs. On our arrival they all' vied with each other in nhowin;; us hospitality, my wife wss immensely admired, and h»r vivacity and wit made her very popu'ac. Just biforo our intended dnpirtiirecncofleadt rs t.f socicty arranged a b:»!l in our honor, tn which Violet looked forward with great, pleasure, and mr.dn moat elaborate preparations. When tho nk:ht of thia fete arrived, and my wifj entered the room dressed for tlie ball, I thought I had nevtr eeaa lie* look so lovely, with that look of joyous anticipation on her countenance that a bsanlifui woman always weais when she h sure of her triumphs. During our short drivo to tha Hot =1 ? , our destination, she amused mc by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoy ment. On arriving thcro she ascended tho step3 on my arm, still laughing aud chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter the door fills turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her' trembling from head to I foot, her faco was deadly pale, and her eyes I wero fixed on the spot from which our car- j riage had just moved. On my enquiring the | reason of her agitation, she excitably ex- I claimed, 'Look thera !' pointing to the foot J of the stops. When I declared I saw nothing, sho seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to mo closely, pasaionatoly exclaiming 1 that if I did not do so at onco sho knew she would die, and, finding reraons'r.inco only in creased her distross. I thought it best to do as sho wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, ob my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our ?? .? arrival I had to support her into her room. ; f Thero, whon she appeared hotter, I requested hor to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed mo that on entering the Hotel ? she had . heard tho sound of sledgo bells, and on turn- \ ing to 8oo who had arrived, had perceived I the same mysterious man who had causod her so much terror the previous year in Scotland. Thero ho was, wrapped in hia heavy sables, and UBing tho same warning . gestures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, |j! but seeing at last how much in earnest I 't was, my dear little wife cvideutly made a r great effort and consented to return with me, All the samo I ielt quito grieved to notico j what change this strange occurrence had | mado in her, tbe shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed — a very different pereou to the brilliant, joyous beauty of i\ short time before. Just aa we- !. were about to set foot in tho carriage a v !': terrible explosion was heard, and a tew - « miuutos later the fearful new* had circulated ; through tho city that tho Hotel ? , where : m the ball was being given, had been blown to u the ground (it was supposed by NihihstB), i; ana not a soul there had escaped. : 