— Petlierick's Peril. (By E. W. Thomson , in Boston Youth's — ? - ? -Companion. J Each story of the Shelton Cotton Factory . is fifteen feet between floors ; there are seven such over the basement, and this rises six feet above the ground. The brick walls narrow to eight inches as they ascend, and form a parapet rising above the roof One of the time-keepers in the factory, Jack Hardy, a young man about my own age, often runs along the brick wall, the ? ? - -.practice giving mm a singular aengnc snat has seemed to increase with his proficiency in it. Having been a clerk in the works from the beginning, 1 have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although ' there was a sheer fall of one hundred feet to the ground, have done it with ease and with ? out dizziness. Occasionally -Hardy and I have run races on the opposite walls, an exercise in which I was invariably beaten, because I became timid with increase of pace. Hopelessly distanced last Wednesday, wliile the men were off at noon, I gave up midway, and looking down, observed the ? upturned face of an old man, gazing at me — \vith parted lips, wide eyes, and an expres sion of horror so startling that I involun tarily stepped down to the bricklayers' platform inside. I then saw that the apparently frightened spectator was Mr. Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and factotum for the contractors. ' What's the matter, Petherick ?' I /3 n m *1 Ua tvi n /4rt rt A Tmi 4* UalltlU UUWU* U.O JXiau.*? 4-1 V 0. 11^5 YY , UUU, 4 walking off rapidly, disappeared round tho mill. Curious about his demeanour, I descended, and after some lifctle seeking, found him smoking alone. 'You quite frightened me just now, Petherick,' said I, ' Did you think I was a ghost F' V/Not just that,' he replied, sententiously. ~~ Did you expect me to fall, then?' I — - -^inquired. — ? ; 'Not just that, either,' said. he. The / old man was clearly disinclined to1 talk, and , / apparently much agitated. I began to joke I him about his lugubrious expression, when t the one o'clock bell rang and he shuffled off I hastily to another quarter. \------ —7- ? Though I puzzled a while over the in \ cident, it soon passed so entirely from my mind that I was surprised when, passing Petherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft, he said as I went by : ' Don't do it again, Mr. Frazer !' 'What?' I stopped. 'That!' he restored. 'Oh! You mean running on the wall,' said 1/ . ? mean- going on-it-at-alH' he exclaimed. _ His earnestness was so marked that I con ceived a strongnnterest in its cause. 'I'll make a bargain with you, Mr. \- ? Petherick. If .you tell me why you advise me, I'll give the thing up. ' 'Done !' said he. ' Come to my cottage this evening, and I'll tell you a strange — : — adventure of my own, though perhaps you'll only laugh that it's the reason why it sickens me to see you fooling up there.' Petherick was ready to talk when Jack and I sat down on his doorstep that evening, and. immediately launched into the following narrative : — 'I was born and grew to manhood near the. high cliffs of the coast of, Cornwall. ? ? . Millions of sea-fowls make their nests along the face af those wave-worn precipices. My. companions and I used to get much excitement, and sometimes a good deal of pocket-money, by taking their eggs. One of -us, placing his feet in a loop at the end of a rope, and taking a good grip with his hands, would be lowered by nfe others to the nest. . ? ' When he had his basket full, they'd haul him up, and another Would 'go' iownT: ' ' ^ Well, one afternoon I thus' went dangling ^ off, They paid out about a hundred feet of rope before I touched the ledge and let go. ' ^ What ledge ? ' asked Jack. ? —Oh,-' said Petherick, -after -a- pause, ' ' I see it will be troublesome to make you — ? ? understand the situation. Then, after re flecting for some moments — 'You must know that most of the cliffs along that coast overhang the sea. At many points one could drop six hundred feet into the sea, and then be forty or fifty feet from the base of the rock he left. The coast is scooped under by the waves. But in some places the cliff wall is as though it hadi been eaten away by seas once running on higher levels. There will be an over ? ? ? hanging coping.; then, some hundred feet down, a ledge sticking out farther than that ? of the top ; under that ledge all will be scoopMTaway. In places tHere afe three or four such ledges, each projecting further than those above. These ledges used to fall ~away occasionally, as they do yet, I am told, for the ocean is gradually devouring that coast. Where they did not project further than the upper coping, one lad would swing like a pendulum on the rop e , and get on the rock, if not too far in, then put a. rock on the loop to hold it till his return i Wh^en a ledge did project so that one could drop, on it, he hauled down some ? slack, and left the rope hanging. ' v Did the wind ever blow it off ? ' asked Jack. ? ' Seldom, a,nd never out of reach, ' said the old man. 'Well, the ledge I reached was like this (illustrating with his hands). It was some ten feet wide; it stuck out jnay be some Bix feet farther than the cliff top ; the top rock wall went up pretty near perpendicular, till hear the coping' oh the ground, but below the lodge the cliff's face was so scooped away that the sea, five ' hundred i'eet below, ran in under it nigh ? fifty feet. 1 ' As I went down, thousands of birds rose from the jagged places of tho precipice; circling around me with harsh screams. Soon touching the ledge, I stepped from the loop, and, drawing down a little slack, walked off briskly. For fully a quarter of a mile the ledge ran along the cliff's face almost as level and even in width as a sidewalk. I remember fancying that it slopt;d outward mure than usual, but instantly dismissed the notion though Guffer Pentreath, the oldest man in that country side, used to tell us that we should not, get the use of the ledge always. It had been as steady in our time as in his grandfather's, and we only laughed at his prophecies. Yet the place of an old filled fissure was marked by a line of grass, by tufts of weeds and small bushes, stretching along as far as the ledge itself, and within a foot or so of the cliff's face. 'Eggs were not so many as usual, and I went a long piece from my rope before turning back. Then 1 noticed the very strange conduct of the hosts of the sea-fowls below. Usually there were hundreds, but now there were thousands on the wing, and instead of darting forth in playful motions, they seemed to be wildly excited, screaming shrilly, rushing out in terror, and returning in masses as though to alight, only to wheel in dread, and keep the air in vast clouds. ' The weather was beautiful, the sea like glass. At no great distance two large brigs, and nearer a small yacht, lay be calmed, heaving on the long billows. I could look down her cabin stairway almost, and it seemed scarcely more than a long leap to her deck. ' Puzzled by the singular conduct of the sea-birds, I qoon stopped, and set my back against the cliff while watching them. The day was deadly still and very warm. , 'I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from my face and forehead with my sleeve. While doing this, I looked down involuntarily to the fissure at my feet ! Instantly my blood almost froze with horror! There was a distinct crack between the inner edge of the fissure and the hard-packed, root-threaded soil with which it was filled. Forcibly I pressed back, and in a flash looked along the ledge. The fissure c' was widening before my eyes, the rock before me seemed sinking outward, and with a shudder and a groan, and a roar, the whole long platform fell crashing to the sea below ! I stood on the margin of rock scarce a foot wide, at my back a perpendicular cliff, and five hundred feet delow the \ ocean, now almost hidden by the vast Qoncourse of wheeling and affrightened birds.1 ' Can you believe that my first sensation was one of relief ? I stood safe ! Even a feeling of interest held me for some moments. Almost coolly I observed a long and mighty wave roll out from beneath. It went forth a high, curling crest— a solid wall of water. It struck the yacht stern on, plunged down on her deck, smashed through her deep swell of sail,, and swept, her out of sight forever. ' Not till then did my thoughts dwell on my own position; not till then did I com prehend its hopelessness ! Now my eyes closed convulsively, to shut out the abyss down which my glance had fallen ; shudder ing, I pressed hard again the solid wall at my back; an appalling cold slowly crept through me ! My reason struggled against a wild desire to leap; all the demons of despair wispered to me to make an instant ? ? ? end. I imagined I had leaped ! I felt the swooming helplessness of falling, and * the cold, upward rush of air. (To be continued. J 