Freotrade Association Papers- No. C. WOOL AND LVlJOlt.. By W, II. Burron, M.L.O. .it ' # ? .. ?Y * ' Manv yeara qincp th|Q Iqto Rcr. J3r. J, D. Lung was n qiambof qf cwr /Vssflmfoly. As a general rata bo was nlllicted with " eqauttophobio." On ono occasion bo had been delivering a violent tirade of übnsu oguinst that much revilod class, tho wool-growors. Having completod hie orution ho sat himself down by a momljer v<h,q wr t s a etation-holdor, and who was also a ijuotchtnin, ns waa tho doctor. Aβ soon us the doctor had re covered his wind, said his neighbor, "Whaat's tho reason, doctor, ve'rocjivaya pitching into tho sqnatthors'.' " Weel, yo 900," said ho, "she's such a gran' anld coo , she'll always elan' milking." My object in writing this paper is to prova tho trnth of tho doctor's to b!iqw whai a *' gran'? auiil coo , tho pastoral interest bos benu to New' South Waled, to show how sho has freely poured forth tho streaming i'riclinc?S" t'?at lias gjyen and activity to luany othoV ludnstrlcs— in abort, la show that aa an ctuployor of labor this " grau' auld coo" liub been in tho past, aud must bo for i long timo in thy hHvue, oi}r prirjiiipal ?Qi)tco of national wealth and prosperity. I vo'ituro to think tfi*t tliia inquiry CoiUi>r ni an ap,iropr!ite time, when wo i find a eoction of tho community publiah- ! ;ng i, poiitiu>l proyratuuiu fti\\-b OX< prGflos "diflHntisfnction with a policy (?) [ wlioli hna ma-Jo onr interior a ehoop. wnlk." Natnro Ims, fortunately, or nn fo/tnnatoly, mndo our intoriora an n"i inirnblo rcccpt',clo for tho digestion ' o f j mutton, nnd our backs nnd limba Heem from my rlioumiitic. point of viow, ntlonat to r?<[uiro gHrniouiH mndo of 00 l l 0 cover them Wholhor or tho do . elniolioii of our interior r. rt a eheop-walk will cmiflo our mtoriorr noJ outer bodioe to rojoico i? a v Miln fOT n llnH t ion . ilowoyer n , s worth connidoring if cheap anmml food a d a woollen covering ban not Homo to poorprnc t.cnl mortals, wJIO ro ,_ h £ * an(] cold and nnkodnofve ns tWnge not easily Bon,oZ g 8 ? l muet a P ol ?8i?o for using , v F .ire?, which nro always very dry ig. 13nt as tho destruction of tho storal industry ia throntonod, I humbly dosiro to point out to thoso who aro abont to wngo nnch a liorco wnr ngninst it, jutt in morcy's anko to stay tlieir hands while tho poor little moti?o inakoH hie humble petition nnd hliowb ennso why execution tihonld bo dolayed at lonHt for a Honson. In round unmbere our " interior ehcep-wolke " carry Komo :5C,000,000 (thirty-aix inillioii?) of tho most iinofnl animal thnt mankind hns fno doubt undor very mis tnlcen vlowh) domosticntod. However, thoro thoy nro, for Homo useful pnrpo?o let ue hopo. 1 remoiiibpi , oncn dining nt a lodging-honeo, nnd nniong tho gucste waa a clcrgynian of rather peculiar nppoarauco and of dopp soptilclirnl vciico. Sti'wcd qnincos wns ouo of tho principal nftor (lishefi; nnd let mc way, in pimsing, that stewed quinco? with cream and sugar h a vory palatable conclusion to oven a snddli! of mutton. During ono of thoso pauar? that Honietiinos will lioppci! oven to tho livi'iii-Ht company, ottr friend with thosnptilchral voieo broke siloncp. Tho Ghost in " Ilamlct" could not havo made his statement tnoro solomnly or deliberately. Anxious to entcli any word to relievo tho conotouy, wo all stayed thn masticatory prooefs ami liittonod. " A moHt oxcpllent TPgetnblo is tho (]uinco ; you may bako them, yon may boil them, nnd yon may mako jam of them." Well, you may do tho anino with tho shoop, only moro so. Now the?o :5G,000,000 of eheop, for boiuo silly purposo of thoir ownerp, ixro yearly dnnndod of thoir wool. Tho amount paid directly to the persons who perform this operation is at tho rate of£l (ono pound)per hundred, or aenni of £300,000 (throe hundred nnd sixty thousand pounds). So far as 1 can learn tho nvorago number n ehonror will ehonr in tho posbod i,s probably about 4000 (fonr thousand), and hero 1 think I am rathor over that under otnting tho nnrnbor; thnt meanH that some 1)000 (nino thousand) persons nro employed in 1 his occupation. Certainly, thoy are not omployod for a very long period, but they make oxcoptionilly high wagos wliilo tho work fur four months is going on—say from 10? (o 2.5s per day. Now tho wool having boon taken oft' must bo rolled and floriod and pneked, nnd this entails nn outlay of at least another 10.a p-?r hundred ehoop, or £180,OOQ spant, on useful labor. Thou (,ho wool must bo carted to t'uo railway, nnd as in round niiinbnr.stho vjiiitntity will be eomo 80,000 tons, thoavertigo prico paid will probably bo somo £3 por ton or ;i)240,000 ruoro. Now, these snins amounting to £780,000 go directly into llm pockets of thoso who call themselves tho " working mon," and from them it passes away to moro work ing men who havo to supply their wants, to shoemakers nnd tailors, tobacco growers nnd mnkors, lmrn,oq? maWor?, wheolwnghts, and blacksmiths, and others tod numerous to particaUrise. Now, to this spring season harvest from tho wool shearing, 1 must add the amount pnid in innnual Inbor. Thorp ore et loast 3(300 " boundary ifidore'," at a coet of about #70 per annum each, eqnal to £'252,U01\ Then thero aro ovorseorH and storekeopers nnd bnok keppors rmiuired, whose wngos will uro bably total a sun] of which bring u\i tiio ntinuul wngo paid out of tho shupp-wulks to £1,152,000 (ono million ono hundred and eighty-two thousand pounds). In addition to thiq, wo should add n sum (whicli it in kn possiWo for i?u to nb'tnln) paid to th.> 6m\tloyeoH on the railway Hiiph for tho work thoy do in connection with wool ; also tlio amount piid to carters, wr.ro housotnen, dumnor?. v;h n ri laborers, nnd soaiacji, who got so'iht'thing out of evory bale of wool that pawos through thoir haridft at tl\o duqpuftu. It must bo obvloiie to ujl, then, Uie " grnn' auld coo"' drops a good deal of vory nutritious milk us sho goes along. Now wo must consider tho amount ppend in Inbor, hut not a nociissarily nnuiui'. What I moari i? nn evpoudituro not ro poated upon"every slxjpf) walk, Ijnl nn oxpendituro thi\t jiqy ouormotialy in creased tho eiirrylug capabilities of tho country, and thereby added inueh to its wealth. This expenditure is that for permanoot improvements by build- I ings, foncing, water supply, aDfJ ringbarking. For somo of thbso itoms, building nv.d viuifbarking, I hnvo not been able to obtuin reliable datn. But wo know that eomo 770,230 rnihjq of foncing have boon erected nt ? cost £o'J, 588,181), that homo" 10,71)0 stoc'r holdoiQ have oxpondoj ns much money in fencing nlono ni will rqua] moro than hulf tho rovenuo of Groat Britain, and nearly tho wholo national dobt of Now South Walos, doubt o eonsidorabln pavt or' this amonnt has been pt'uti to our fellows in England (tho irouworkers), nnd has enabled thorn, to buy and uso moro of our wool, thus conferring a doublo blessing, wator atipnly l:},B'j;j dams havo boon con otrnctod, at a oost of £ 1,470,752, and 19,573 tanks, br which £3,079,72-1 lmvo beon paid. Woils have booa sunk to tho number of l?Cil8, not] tho woll fiinkcre h;jvo earned ili'oreby 4JoBi).lSl. Tho total stun then pal'J mroy in tli'i last twonty-livo yoara for pjrmanont improvements has been i-iiuol £10,171,KS'J. i say 2!, yoaf.-J, 'became U. lii? best of my recollection vory littl-a ' of an j thing bad bcoa opoat iv Uju way boforo 1860. I must loavo buildings nnd ringbarldng out of my calculation for want of mifficiont information. But ijidopondontly of tho bnildiri?H roqnirod upon thoahoop-walkatlionifiolvos, I think wo inny fairly credit to tho wool all tho labor omployod" in tho erection of tho towim fiituiitml in tho pastornl nron?, and among thon 1 Hhould reckon Bonrko, Wilcnnnin, Wontworth, Hay, Niirrftinlnrn, Coiuioholin, Dubbo, Doni liijnin, VVnggn Wnggn, nnd many othorH, with their busy populations of ilietributorH nnd workman all dopondont upon tho " nnld coo " for thoir drop of milk. 1 rogrofc that I havo no reliable information nbont ringbarking, which I look upon ne onoof thogrontest improve ruonts that enn ho dono upon tho laud. And horo I will Htatothst myoldfriond, Air Thoinn? Hungerford, M.L.A., is tho man to wliouj tho thanks of thie com munity aro dno for thin improvomont. To show tho effect, 1 will simply slate my own cxperionco, 1 havo an intoroet iw a station which boforo " soloction " containod eomo 40,000 acroa ol good open forofit Innd. In that condition no moro than 16,000 aheep could bn kept npon it, Tho pro perty is reducod to 20,000 ncrOH now, it is all ringbarked, and this yoar 20,000 fihocp nnd 7000 Inmbs will bo shorn, nnd in tlio paddocks thero is nctually too tuuch grno?. It will bo coon, tlion, that j nearly twico ns tnuny shocp aro ?[>on half as much laud as tbo country would carry in ite natural state, and tho animals nro bettor kept. This additional in croano in tho capability in duo principally to ringbarking, 1 had almost forgotten to draw attention to tho millions of money spent in labor in taking tho rail ways into tho pastoral districts, nnd the double benefit this has conferred upon tho working man. It has found him employment, and has provided him with animal food much cheaper than ho could otherwise hnvo procured it. This papor is for from being exhaimtivo ; it is intended to bo more sugpcHtivo than complvto. But in trncing effects to their caiidos it will bo seen how much of our natural prosperity depends upon thnt industry which nature, who is not by any means a fool, pninte out as tho brst adapter to onr position. Wo muy depend upon it that other industries as they aro required will develop thoin rclvoh, and that tho attempt to ex tract " snnboams from cucumbers" in order to warm tho word had much bettor bo tlolayed until a moro profitable result is obtainable than our prosont noi'ds and scientific knowlcdgo either roquiro or mako possible 