GRANVILLE. GOf'D TEMPLAR SOCIAL. TBE Home of Peace Lodge, No. 170, I.O.G.T., Granville, held a tea meeting and eorcert in the Albert Hall on Tuesday evening last. No effort had been spared to make the affair a success, and it must have been very gratifying to the members of the lodge to see such a large number present. Owing to various causes the tea was not ready till within a few nrhutes of seven o'clock, although halfpast 6 was the hour announced for it. However tin 250 persons who s&t; down to the tibies had no cause for complaint as regards the delict cies provided, which were first-clas, and the various ladies who presided id the tables were unceasing in their efforts to make the affair pass off agreeably and enjoyably. It was S o'clock before the hall was cleared for the concert. The chair was occupied by the W.C.T. of the Home of Peace, Bro. Burgess, and the officers of the lodge occupied seats on the platform. The G W. Secretary, Bro. J. B. Price, was also present. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of a temperance ode, after which the chairman addressed a few remarks to those present. He urged Gocd Templars to work nobly on in the cause and never wfary in well-doing, and invited all who were not total abstainers to cast in their lot with the Heme of Peace Lodge. The pro gramme was then proceeded with as follows:— Song, " Will you love me when Pm old," Mr. Beaden; song, " Evangeline," lbs. Whiteford; recitation (comic), Mr. C. Grant; song (comic), Mr. Bennett; song, "Flow on thou shining river," Mrs. Sargeant; redtatioa, "The drunken woman,"Hiss Arnold; song, "The old brigade," Mr. Proudlock; duet, "Convent Bells," lliasas Ha wee and Griffiths; recitation, "The ghost scene from Hamlet," Mr. Thay; song, "The Moon behind the Hi!!," Mrs. Epps; pianoforte* solo, Mr. J. Hill; song, "Far ever and for ever," Miss Hawes; duet, " What are the wild waves saying, 7 ' Mr. and Mrs. Whiteford; song, Magregor's gathering," Mr. Holden; recitation "Death doomed," Mrs. Williams; song, " Gently breathes a tender sigh," Mr. Beaden ; song (comic), Mr. Bennett; song, " Gleams of lore appearing," Mrs. jSargeant; Bong, " Only to see herface again," Mr. Whiteford; recitation (comic), Mr. C. Grant; song, " The Midshipmite," Mr. Proudlock. "With one or two exceptions the performers acquitted themselves very creditably, Messrs. Grant, Thay and Bennett being encored. During the evening the G. W. Secretary, Bro. J. B. Price, offered a few remarks. He congratulated the Home of Peace Lodge on having such a good meeting, and hoped it would derive benefit therefrom by securing new membeiB. The object of Good Templary was to make people sober and instinct them in the pijoriples.of total abstinence, and he felt sure the members of the Home of Peace were not behindhand in Mting their light shine. 