> Harry's Inheritance. . ; ;. ; . ,. CHAPTER II. ' vJv . Afc half-past 9 Sir Thomas drove down to thè : dub/and, when he reached the door, dismissed the . coachman. : - ;«f I; shall walk back, Morton,", he'. ' said.'i0^' I/jshan't want you again this evening,-. Dpri't let'them^ me.. I mayn't be home till 2..in"ijho' morning," . : . !,;B^ coachman had had'full ..time".to got back, again in perfect safety, Sir .Thomas walked straight down tho club steps once more,-and up the Promenade, and all the way .to > Futteypo'or'Lodge. -When he got there, he oponed the door silently with his latch key, shut.it again . without tho slightest noise, and walked on tip toe into the1 library. It , was an awkward .sort of ' thing to do, certainly, but Sir Thomas was con vinced, in> Iiis own mind thar, he ought to do it. ¡"Efi wheeled, aneasy; chair into tho recess by .the , window,- in, front of which tho curtains *' were drawn, arranged tho folds so that he couldisee ^easily into the roora hythe sht between them, and 'isat do wh patiently td explore this mystery to the ' VerJ/; bottom.1 \ -.'c. '^' Siu .Thomas was extrômely loth in his own mind';-tp; suspect anybody 5 and ypfc it wa3 quite : clear ;i thai, some, one or other must haye ? taken nthe... missing ' sovereigns. Twice over, money.-; had ', beon abstracted. It couldn't . have tié'enï cook, of that ho felt certain ; "^n'or . Wilkins eitheiv .. Very'respectable . .Vornan, coók-r.' \- very,'respectable butler, Wilkins. Not Morton j : oh dear . .'nb,' "'fqtiite':'.impossible, certainly ,~npt3 t Mprton.u .'Not, ','tne''.housemaid, or tho bóy-^bvi¿' . :phjályV^.neither'¿¡ " well-conducted young people." eiery Óne','pf; théni;: But who the dickens could it , be, ;'jihen .-For..certainly somebody had tnken the money..¡üThef'good1 old. colonel felt in his heart . that for "the sake, of everybody's peace of mind it . was hisSbounden cluty to discover the real culprit 1 before saying a single, ^ord to anybody about it. : .¡{There wai something very^ridiculous,.of course, . not, to say undignified and absurd; in the idea of ;.an ^elderly ¡field; Pincer,:'late. in'*her'"!Majesty's service, sitting thus for hour after hour st ealthily .;behindhisown curtains, in tHë' darkj'as.if he wore a thief or a burglar, waiting, to see whethe^ ah'y 'bpdy caine tbjjppen'hiè1 davenport,;, Sir;,Thömas grew^ decidedly wearied',ns he w^ waited, and but for his strong sonso, of the .duty ¡imposed upon him of iraokin¿ the ;guilty iperäon, -he .-would once or twice in thoPpurse of 'the', even ing .have given np the quest frohi sheer disgust and annoyance at tho absurdity of ; the position. 'Biit no, he -miist; find ont1 who had done it j sb there, he sat; .as motionless as a b^t. watching à ,;meÚBe;hple,, vvith . hiB eye turned ' allays in the .direction or ihe davenport, * brough the Blight slit ?between the folded pur-tains, V; ' '?-..;, . ¡ . . Teil o'olQok struok upon th p alarum on the man» teipiece, halfrpust 10, ll. 'Siv i Thomns stretched his legs, yawned, and. muttered audibly, "Con founded slow, really " HHlf-nhst ll. Sir Thomas went over noiselessly to the side table, where the decanters were standing, , and hojped himself tb a brandy and poltzer,' squeezing down the cork; of the bottle carefully with his thumb, to prevent jtp, papping,. ,1ill all the. gas had escaped ?piece meal., .Thon /ho' ..crept baok, - still noiselessly; feelingfmprolike: a convicted thief himself than a IÇnight Commander pf the Áfosp Hpnprable Qrder of the Bath, and wondering when the deuce this pilfering lockTbreaker vwas ; goingj'to begin his* nightly depredations^ " Not till after Harry caine back, most likely/. The thief, whoever he : or she was;/ would probably be afraid to venture into the library while there' was still'a chance, of Harry /returning unexpectedly and disturbing the whole; procedure. ; But when once Harry had gone to .bed, they would all have heard from Morton that Sir jThomas was, gonn? to be; out. late, and.the thief . would then;' doubtless seize so. good an opportunity of ^helping himself \ unperceived to .the coimted sovereigns. 1 "About; half-past: ll. there was 'a cound of steps upon the garden-Valk, and Harry's voice could}bó' heard audibly 'through,' the .half-open .window'... Tho' colonel ^caugnt /the very words, against his will,Harrywas talking with ??Tom. iVhitmarsh, ; who, had.-walked roxind tb see:him home j;-bis voice was a little thick, a^ if with wine,1 arid he seemed terribly excited (to judge by his ?accent) abolit something pr other that had jiist happened; . .''7.', ' . f ".Gbód-night^Tóm,,' the young man waVsayirig, . with au outward show, pf carelessness barely con cealing '. a .great deal of underlying irritation. I'll pay: you up what I lost to-morrow or the next day. You shall have your money, don't be afraid about it." ? ? . : " Oh, it's all right," Tom Whitmarsh's ? voice answered in an offhand fashion. " Pay mo when ever you like/ you know, Woolrych. It. doesn't matter to me when you pay nie, this year or next year, so long as I get it sooner or later." Sir Thomas listened with a sinking heart. "Play," he thought to himself. "Play, play, play, already! It was his father's curse, poor fellow, and I hope it won't be Harryjs., It's some comfort to think, anyhow, that' it's only bil liards." ' ' .v//:;,; , .-? ' "Well, good-night Tom," Harry wont on, ring ing the bell as he spoke. "Good-night, Harry. I hope next time tho cards won't go so persistently against you." The cards! Phew!- That was, bad, indeed. Sir Thomas started. Ho didn't object to "a quiet after-dinner^ rubberbri his own account, naturally; but this wasn't ;whist;;Vioh, rib j nothing of the sort. This was^ 'evidently serious playing. Ho drew a'; long breath,, and felt he must talk very decidedly about the ¿latter to Harry to-morrow morning. í ?'--' ., ....." Is my uncle home yet, Wilkins ?" "No, sir; he Bai'l he wouldn't be back probably till 2,P'olock, and wo wasn't to-sit up for him." ?'. " All right, then. . Give me a light for a minuté; ia the library. , I'll take a seltzer beforo I go upstairs, just to steady me." « . Sir Thomas almost laughed1 outright. This was really too ridiculous. Suppose after all the-wait ing Harry was to come over and discover him sitting there in the darkness by the window, what a pretty figure he would cut before -bim. .Andybe sides.,the -whole thing would.-have to coined out then, and after all the thief would never bé dis covered and punished. The colonel grew hot and red in the face, and began to w-ish to, goodness, he hadn't in the first place, let himself iriiiiâ any way, for this ridiculous amateur detective busiuess. But Harry drank his seltzer stauding. by the ; side-table, with no brandy,, either ; that was a good t hing,ino brandy. If he'd taken brandy too . in--his present excited condition, when he'd : already Certainly had ftuite as much as was. at'all good for him, Sir Thomas would have been justly and seriously angry. But after all, Harry was a good boy at bottom, and knew how to avoid such -ugly,habits. He took his seltzer, and hisÍ bedroom "candle. Wilkins turned out. the light in . the room, and Harry, went up stairs,by himself im mediately. '', ; ;. ' / ..-; : .. " Then Wilkins turned, tho 'key, in the: library door, and tho old gentleman began to!reflect that this was really a most uncomfortable position for him» to-berieft in. Suppose they locked him in there till" to-morrow morning ! ; Ah ! happy . thought ; if the worst came tb the worst he could get out of. the library window'andlet himself in at the front door by means of his latchkey. ¡ î . 7Phe servants,all filed upstairs, ono by one, in ?ari irregular procession; i their feet died away gradually lipon the upper landings, and a solemn . silence came at;last oyer -thé wholè household. Sir Thomas's heart ; began: to beat faster; the excitement pf plot interest; was growing stronger upon him. . This was the. time the thief would surely choose to open the davenport. / He- should know now .within; twenty minutes .which it was of ,.all his people, whom he trusted sp implicitly, that was really robbing hun. - ' ' And" he had treated them , all-.so. kindly,-too.. Ha, the rascal LJKe should catch it well, that he should, whoever.-he was, as soon as.ever Sir Thomas discovered him. Not if it wei b Wilkins, though j , .not. if it were Wilkins. Sir Thomas hoped it wasn't really that' t excellent. fojlp"'. -, Wilkins. , A good,, .old, jtried,' jarid trusty .servant. ' ' If 'any' unexpected1 financial difficulties-- _ "..' V,V.*;^-.>;i ' ???./.;...',W >i> ! ;[y.Hush, hush. /Quietly, now. > A: step.upon tho Canoing. ? -.^v ,j<; ? -i ] \- ¡i Coming down noiselessly,; noiselessly; ''? 'noiflp lessíy..: Not Wilkins ; > not heavy enough foi* bini j surely ; n'o,; rio, a woman's step,, so very ijiglif/ sfp light and noiseless'; Sir Thoinas 'really ,' hoped-in His heart ; it, wasn't ; that pretty,. délioáte-lpp¿ingi girl i the hewhouseihnid., lt it was, hy: Joye, y 03,' he'd give her a good lecture' then and theare, ¡that - very minute, about, it, offer to pay her.passage quietly J out to Canada, and-recommend-her to got married decently, to spme good ypurig/fellow,; \- ohthe earliest -possible opp^rtourity;/.' -?\f ' ; The, tey turned'once more, in;the lopfr, and. then1 ? 'the doorppéridstealthily*/ Soh^ebody.V^ided jiko Ka ghost into tho middle of tthe room, v mt Thomas, ¡.gazing, intently. tbröuglv thevslitvin the curtains. > .murmured to'himself that now at -last1)he should fab?ly discover the qonfounded rascal.: * ?vHal How absurd ! Hb could hardly holp'laugh ing .brice more- at the ridip.ulöhs collapse to his highiwpoughh expectations,. And yet he restrained , !him self. ?'?',' If; was .only Harpy .1 » Harry caine down, -/ pandie in h,'arid,,n.o dpuhtto gpt:anpther glass pf ^ seltzer water. The colonel hPped ftöt with brandy. No ; » not: .with brandy. He pxit thé glass up to his dry bps-Sir Tecnias could soe/ they were dry and feverish' even from that dis tanoe 5 ' horrid ' thing, > - this gambling !-and ' he drained it off-ab a 'gulp;- like' a thirsty mah who hastasted ho licjuor ;since early morning. 1 . : : Then; ho took np . his candle/ again, and turned-7-not to the; door.'V ph, , no. . The old gentleman/watched/ him,';riow. with¡ .singular curiosity,, for he was walking not to. the : door? but over in the direction «i of the suspected1 Davenport. Sir Thomas could;»hardly even then guess at the truth. '.'.'It/wafln'ti'--n'of- it,;wiftsii't-ii it couldn't be Hai ry ! ' not Harry that.. ; . . that borrowed tho money ! Í./'/'','/ / .''/ '.,'..'.' ' .The, young man took ' a/pie^e .of s bout wire f rom his pocket., wit h a. terrible look pf despair and agony.,. Sir .Thomas's hearb . melted, .within hinvas he beheld it.' ¿ He twisted the wire about rn the lock with a /dexterous pressure, . and ; it op°hed eas.ly. Sir Thomas looked on,' and the tears roso into his;eyes:'siowly by instinct ; but ho said never a word; and^jwatched 'intently. Han y held the lid of the';.davenport, ¿pen ; for ', a moment with .one hand, and .looked at the rows pf counted gold within. .Tho fingers of tho other hand rose slowly/jhnd remorsefully up to tho edge of the desk, and ¿there hovered in an unde cided fashion. Sir Thomas watched still, with his heart.breaking. Then for a second Harry paused. He held back his hand and appeared tb dehberate. Somebhing;within .seemed tb have aÏÏèçted! him deeply/ , Sir Thomas, though a plain bid soldier, could read his face well . enough to know what it was 5 he was thinking of the kind words his uncle had said to.him that very evening as they sat to gather down there at dinner. ... For-half a minute the suspense was terrible. Then, with a sudden impulse, Harry shut the lid of the davenport down hastily ; flung the wire with a gesture of horror and remorse into the fireplace ; took up his candle wildly in his hand ; and rushed from the room and up the Btairs, leaving the door open behind him. j . Then Sir Thomas rose slowly from his soat in the . ;-window corner ;, lighted the gas in the centre burner 5 unlocked the davenport, with bears ;Still trickling dowhhis face 5 fco anted all the .money . over carefully to make b^uite certain j found it absolutely untouched ;/ahdvflung him self down upon his knees wildly; between shame, and fear, and relief, and misery ¿ KWhat he Bald pr what. he thought in^that terrible/pabment of conflicting passions is best- npt herb /dpscribed or written j but when he rose ¿gain his*fóyos were glistering, more with forgiven ess tb an with horror (anger there had never been) ; . and being an old fashioned .old gentleman, he, toi>k|dpJfn his big Biblo from the shelf, just to reastf^^imsblf about a,text which he thought .heYemembere'd some where iuLiike : ,f Joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, moreithan ;over ninety aQ<l nine just persons, which need; no repentance." "Ah, yes," he said to himself ;> '{he repented j he repented. He didn't take it. He felt he couldn't after what I Said to him." -And then, with th« tears still . rolling ; silently .down his ^bronzed cheeks, he went upstairs to béd,"but notrtó sleep 5 for he lay restless on his pillow, ail, night through with that .one . terrible ! discovery V weighing like lead upon his tender old bosom. \\. r . ': 