TILE PRiEMLER AT CASTLE MAINE. Mr Service delivered his valedictory ad dress to his Castlemaine constituents at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening. Mr Berry andl nearly all the other members of the Ministry were present. The Premier was well received, and comnmenced his speech by taking a retrospect of the history of the Coalition Ministry and the causes which led to its formation. lie then referred to the Federation and Annexation questions, remarking that these had been dealt with in a manner which was approved by the whole of the people. The legislative work of the Ministry was then glanced at, the credit of striking the first blow at the system of political patronage being given to Mr Patterson. The appointment of the Railway Commissioners was shown to have been at tended with the best results from every point of view, Mr Service remarking that the Commissioners had never once to appeal to the Attorney-General for an explauation of their instructions. " Before parting froln the railways," said the Premier, "I want to make one remark, although it is not apropos of what I have been saying, but it is a great national property which is improving day by day. I want the people of Victoria to lay it down as a rule that these railways shall be made to pay the interest on the lntional debt, and always to pay it, for as soon as this can be done taxes can be re duced in all directions, anid in time you will have oineof the finestproperties yu counld ever wi5sh to possess. If you adopt that principle, anld only let it he known in Englsud, the credit of Victoria will be the best of any country under the sun." Ill regard to the Public Service Act, lie said that more industrious and intelligent ilen could not engage in any work under any Government than the 'Public Service Commissioners. The little muttering which was heard was only on the surface, arising from minute blisters on the skin of those in oflice, but had nothing to do with the life blood of the Act ; and lie was unite convinced that tile people of the colony willnever go back to the old system. Members of Parliament sometimes said odd and curious things, which were of little value, and thought not worthy of answer, unless friends outsidoe the House thought them unanswerable. The following itenls are frolm the various Melbourne papers: ' TIlE LAND ACT. \- We also passed a Land Act, dealing with tile remainder (seventeen millions of acres) which have never been utilised from the time of the first inhabitants.down to the present time. It has worked admirably. So far as we cai see in a little time, the whole of the country'will be'tken ip satisfactorily. The land has been leased for forty years.. At the cudid of this time, therefore, nearly thlirty millioli acres of land Will come back to the people of tile contry a lighly improved and raluable estate. That landl alone will pay the whole of the' intional debt. When we speak of the Imrdens' imposed on the people of the cololy, it should be re membered that we also have large assets against them. At the same time I would not encourage the people to borrow. too hIiglly, or to mortgage themselves too dleeply. .ININ(I LEGISLATION. \Ve also passed an oAt dealing 'wit min ing upon private property. For twenty-five years there had been endeavours to pass this Act, but it always ended in failure. It had always been rejected by tile Upper IHouse. This time we sent it up with modifications. hut it is a good Bill, so much as there is of it. It makes sure of this point ; that there is not an acre of land in the colony which is tabooed to the miner. (Cheers.) It has been stated that there are hitches, and that the Act does not work well, but the best proof of its efficiency is that it has been at work every day since it was passed]. The Hill is not all that we could wish it. W\hen we sent it to the other Chamber they, of ucorse, exercised their judgment, and mlade aiulendnlets n hich did iot satisfy the Assembly or the iGovernmenit. We tried to get these altered. Indeed, the question arose whether ws shouhl accept thie Bill as it wsas, with the idea of getting it altered hereafter, or drop it altogether, as it had been dropped for twenty-fire years. Finally, we resolved to take thei Bill as we have it, because it is far easier to aimend an existing Bill than to introduce what may be called fresh legislation. IRRIGATION. To pass away from what may be called the enactments that have been made, I may refer to one other question that has not yet assumed the shape of an Act of Parliament in the full form we intend it should here. after, and that is the question of irrigation. I wish to mention one important advantage that incidentally resulted from the trip of ir Deakin to the States. Mr Deakin, when in America, found that in that country they use sheet iron piping different altogether from that which was used in this colony. We had always used cast-iron mains, whilst sheet iron was used and rivetted together instead of casting them in the mould. Mr Deakin observing this, brought the matter under the notice of the engineers here. A careful enquiry was made, and the result is that as far as the closest approximation of cost can be made, instead of £100,000, as would be the cost under a contract which the Government were just on the eve of entering into for the supply of mains in connection with the Yan Yean, these mains will be got, and will last a great deal longer, for the sum of £60,000, so that for that one contract alone, of £100,000, one-fifth of the amount ihas been actually saved. When we look ahead, and see the enormous quantity of mains that will still be required, you can imagine the saving that has bcisn nmade by AMr Deakin simply having his eyes about him. 0OING TO TIrE COoNTRY. It has been said that the present Ministry ought to have gone to the country, formed a Government and then resigned. But it was perfectly obvious that a course of that kind would have been not only undignified, but unworthy of any Government. Would the country not have a right to say that it had been played withl-(applause)-and that we had gone to the country on false pretences, when we knewwe were not going to carryout the policywoe had indicated to the constituen cies, that we had done so with sinister motives to help our colleagues and supporters. (Ap plause.) The chief thing that hlas given me vexation is that se can no longer repay those members who have so long and consistently supported uis. But they must feel that the course we have adopted is for the best. COALITION VER.SOIs PARTY OODYERINM'aE. One word as to the future. Is this coali tion that was started three years ago to go on or come to an end? Well, that is loryon and the other constituencies to determine. , When the coalition was first formed, it was a clear case of two distinct parties coming together and commingling. In fact, during the last two sessions of the Parliament that is now ending, we have had not a coalition but an amalgamation. Is there anything in the interests of the country that demands that this state of things ought not to go on ? linas the coalition been productive of good or evil Is it desirable that we should raise the old party cries, and resurrect the evil days of the past? Well, I say that in my opinion, and I iami. perhaps, going too far, but I have no political future-I say that to attempt to resurrect these old party cries and these old parties, is utterly vain. If you could resurrect them, they would only be ghosts. A ghost is not a bad thing if its clothed in a clean sheet. (Laughter.) But to raise up these ghosts, clad in dirtysheeta, to resurrect the putrid corpses of the old parties, would be offe'nsive alike to thetouch and the sighlt and the smell of the whole people of V ictoria. (Applause.) A rowatthe present time would not benefit the colony at large, hut only a few politicians. Some pohlticians--in fact, I may say all-are anxious to get into office, but some of thean are not content to wait until they can get in in a fair way, on the ordinary course of events, but are always looking out for squalls, thinking that in the wings of the tempest they may ride into power. You will always find a few of these stormy petrels about at election tineds, and they are on the rampage now. (Laughter.)' But there is nothing in the counltry or thle ouse to divide us into parties now. coNCLrUSION. In conclusion allow I e to thank you for all the kindness you have shown me since I became one of your representatives. Iknow I have not been able to do as many things as I would like to have done, but I have done everything I could fairly and con. scientiously do. Iam not aware that Ihave neglected any matter or failed to attend to any communication I have received from my constituents in the whole district I am glad that I part the best of friends with the constituency of Castlemaine as I did with the other constituencies I have represented, and foraimilar reasons-namely, that I have to go to England. I must now therefore, for the present at least, bid you good-bye. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) Mr J. W. Harwood moved-"That this meeting desires to express its sincere thanks and debt of gratitude to the Hen. J. Service for the self-denying, patriotic, and success. ful manner in which lie has fulfilled lis onerous and honourable duties as member for Castlemaine and Premier of Victoria." Mr Service.-It is not necessary to put that motion. You have given me all the compliments that I desire. (Loud cheers.) AMr Berry, ih response to repeated calls, said that he was not there to makea speech. While he had listened to the Premier, be felt that lie (the Premier) might have put the case of the Government in a stronger light. 