\- 1 argory's Guardians. CHAPTER XI -Continued. '.Bit, Uncle Ned, it is really true,' replied Margory, seriously. ' I am not joking a bic; you need not laugh.' 'Ha! ha! Very good, my dear,' said Mr. Commyne, relapsing into another fit of merriment. ' You would malke a first-rate actress, Miss Margory. you.sold us finely last night, I con • .s, but you have come to the wrong shop, now, with a ghost story, though it is certainly a very ingenious one. Ha ! ha! to think it should have been you, mischievous little puss, turning the whole house upside down last night, and laughing at us all the time in your sleeve.. Tis the best thing I hlue.heard for along time. Ha! ha! ha' IMargory stamped her foot witi im patience. U' ncle Ned,- uise your common sense. Do you think it likely I should be up to a practical joke, this time of all others? On my honour, I saw M?Ir. Grander as plainly last night as I see you now. If you will persist in refiusing to believe me, I must find someone else who will, for, indeed, it is no laughing matter, and I am sure something ought to be done.' This speech, and the tone in which it was uttered, nearly took Mr. Com -myne's breath away. 'My dear Mlargory,' he exclaimed, in amazement, ' yu cannot mean that you are in earnest?' 'I was never more in earnest in my life, and I am convinced that it was not my' fancy, for, you know, I am not usually troubled with nerves, and I have been downstairs alone at midnight several times before to fetch things I had forgotten, and never dreamed of. seeing anything; and last night nothing was.further from• my thoughts than the idea of seeing Mr. Grander's ghost ?' MIargrry sank her voice almost to a whisper as she spoke. these last words, iand.Mr. Cominyne threw himself back on.the seat with a gesture that said his niece and her tale were entirely beyond him - ':'.Well 'pI:i ': yvord, it is the qucerest thin I Madge, you must have been dre.ming. ' :, •'ideed" I was not, 'Uncle Ned; I wasw:ide awake' at this moment. Now, I am afraid you will laugh at what I am going to say, bulkI cannot help it. You kIcow there have been orthodox stories of ghosts being'.seen, and they always ca:me for some sensible purpose, to re veal a murder orimportant secret; and I believe if I had been an i tiot, and screamed last night; Mr. Grander would have told me something. Now, I ex pect- he' will appear the same hour to night, and every.night till someone listens to his story, and I don't want .Captain Grander to hear to it. I would watch myself, but I know I should go :a,,nd, or do something equally clever, in that gallery; so the long and short of it is, I want you to help me, Uncle Ned.' ' Bless my su ml' ejaculated the in dividual in question. ' You appear to posse-s a wonderful acquaintance with the manners and customs of spirits, my ,dear.. Mlay;Iask where you have studied tie subject?' "Uncle, do be serious a moment,' pleaded Mnargor, too intent on her purpose to heed his ridicule. 'Ishould. be so grateful ityou would only--' 'TheeO's the'luncheon bell' inter rupted Mr. Commnyne, in a tone of great. relief. "Comrne along,' Madge; it is evident you :are in :.want of something substanti.1 Been; too much alone, my: dear.' ' Uncle Ned, I won't go in till you: have promised to help ae,' declared Margor~;, stoutly; jumping up and standing guard over her victim to prevent .his rising. SMy dear child, there is an old pro. verb .that says there is reason in all things, even in roeuting eggs. Now, I ask yOU, is it reasonable to stand half the night in a passage waiting for a ghost?' expostulated Mr. Commync, mildly. 'I don't care; reason or not, I am convinced it is the right thing to do, andI nimean to do it,' returned the young lady, hotly. \- Why cannot women learn logic?' inquired Mhr. Commyne, pathetically, his eyes fixed on the overhanging brauches of the elm. ' Why will men persist in shutting their eyes:to facts?' sighed Margory gazing questionably at the stem. TLhe elm not being prepared with an swerasto these very novelqueries, merely rustled in reply, and Mfr. Conmmyno, feelieirt decidedly in want of something substaitatil himself, if his niece did not, calmnly put the young lady on one side, iand rose to his feet. ' See here, Margory,' he exelaimed, struelc':byaibright idea; 'tell Coulter about ii? 'Pdrhaps you will be able to jeri~ude hi:i' to help you.' 'Who?' asked M?irgory, quickly. ' Couter, the detective, you know. lNow come along; I am going to lun cheon.' And Mr. Commyne set off to the house, chuckling to himself, at the notion of a London detective lying in wait for a ghost. Margory followed slowly, her eye fixed on the ground, thinking deeply. Her first attempt had failed, as she had half expected it to do. 'Just like a man's stupidity !' as she muttered scornfully to herself; ana, now, what was to be done next ?' Before she had reached the house, that qu stion was settled. 'Yes, I will tell the detective,' she said, decidedly. 'He will probably laugh, and it is not pleasant t, be hidughed at, but it is the only chance, and Arthur shall be saved somehowv.' And with her lips bent into th. i" old obstiate curve, Margory entered the house. Assuredly Mr. Commyne would have been more than astonished had he heen made aware that his niece had taken his joking advice in solemn earnest. CHAPTEIR XII. It was late in the afternoon before the Grange carriage was seen approach ing, and Mr. Commyne hurried to the hall door to receive its occupants, while Margory, anxiety getting the better of her dignity, closely followed him. Captain Grander got at first, and, af or him, a short plump little man, with br'ght bird-like brown eyes, a amooth, rosy face, and the look of being on very good terms with himself and the world in general. Mr. Coiumyne could hardly conceal his d sgust at this, to him, very unex pected apparition. 'That a detective ?' he muttered, turning back to his niece. 'He is much more like an alderman. Arthur will come off badly if he is left in his hands, poor boy.' 'Hush, Uncle Ned; he will hear you; and I should like to know who is jumping to conclusionsnowl' And M?lrgory, in her turn, went eagerly forward to greet the new comers. 'Captain Grander, have you any news for me ?' 'Only that the prisoner's examina tion is to come off on Monday, before the bench ' 'And this Saturday. What a short time ! 'The sooner the better. Where's the use of waiting ?' The Captain spoke as if he was out of temper, from which sign Margory perversely diew a favourable augury. 'How do you like him?' she asked, in a low tone, glancing towards the detective, who was apparently engaged in taking stock of the hall furniture. 'He is a fool!' muttered the Cap tain, savagely. ' Looks it too, doesn't he?' 'I don't know. Have you come straight from the station ?' 'No; the fellow insisted on driving to the Rock, as if he could not have waited till to-morrow.' At this moment the detective ap proached them. ' A fine old house, Captain Grander. Curious rooms in it, no dohbt. Per haps you will kindly allow me to see the late Mr. Grander's study before the light goes ?' 'Certainly. Dixon,'-to the man who was hovering curiously about Sshow this-gentlemau up-stairs.' As the two disappeared, Mr. Com myne heaved a deep sigh. ' Well, 'pon my word, he is as much like a detective as I am !' 'He is a fool!' reiterated the Cap tain, irritably biting the ends of his moustache. Why. what has he done to show it ?'. asked Iargory, curiously. ' What has he not done? Asked all; manner of questions that have about as much reference to the subject as to the, North Pole, and made himself ridicu ious in every posslme way. 'IMy dear sir, I am extremely sorry I sent for him,' observed Mr. Commyne, repentently; 'but, really, my friend was so strong--' 'Pray don't apologise, Mr. Com myne' ' Come, Uncle Ned,' said Margory, laying her hand coaxingly on his arm. ' Do let us go up and see for ourselves what Mr. Coulter is about.' 'Well, if you like, my dear. Per haps itis just as well I should give him a little assistance; but he is a fool, as the Captain says, You can see ii in his face.' 'Can you?' muttered Meargory to to herself. • I am not so sure of that.' And there was a slight lookl of amuse ment on her face as she followed her uncle up-stairs to the study. There they found the detective re posing in the most comfortable aim-. chair the room could provide, while IDixon stood near, an expression of boundless astonishment painted on his usually immovable countenance At sight of the visitors, Mr. Coulter rose abruptly, and stood looking at them with an air that plainly said, 'What do you want here ?' ' I am Mr. Commyne,' announced that gentleman. 'I telegraphed for you. I take a great interest in the case, the prisoner being known to me from boyhood. I am perfectly willing therefore, and I may say anxious, to do all in my power to assist you.' ' I am much obliged to you, sir,' said the little man, politely; ' but the facts have been already laid before me by Sergeant Downing, of the Thurlstone police station.' 'Ah! yes; the acknowledged ones, perhaps; but there are many slight occurrences that escape general obser vation, though a feather will show which way the wind blows.' 'Very true, sir,' re'urned Mr, Con1 ter. ' You have no doubt been long in the house, and had many opportunities of forming a separate opinion ?' ' Why, no, I can hardly lay that,' returned.Mr. Commyne, slightly taken aback. 'In fac', I only arrived yester day; but I can give you an account of many things I have heard of.' ' Excuse me, sir,' siid Mr. Coulte, with a bow,' £ but I prefer, if possible, to have the testimony of eye-witnesses. If that young lady,' tuining with an other bow to- Margory, 'will kindly grant me a few moments' conversation presently, I shall be much obliged to her; that is, if, as I presume, her name is Miss Grey ? ' Certainly, whenever you like,' said MIagory, graciously. "Perhaps, Uncle Ned,' glancing at Mr. Commyne, ' we had better leave the room for the pre seut. Mr. Coulter is engalged with Dixon' 'Pr y do not trouble yourself to do that, Miss Grey; I was merely asking a few questions- it will do any other time.' Mr. Commyte, feeling that the de tective was de trop, tieating hisopinion as of no importance whatever, took the hint, and, followed by Dixon, left the room, mutteling, ' Conceited fool! chattering idiot!' and various other little epithets that seemed hardly applicab e to the stolid manservant. Mr. Coulterlooked after him with a serene smile; then he turned to Mar gory, and asked her to sit Jown, which, after a moment's hesitation, she did, while he, subsiding into hi, former chair, opened fire as follows:- 'My dear young lady, pardon my at titude; it is a rule of my life never to desp;se a comfot w.hn I ge: it. Now, you will forgive me if I am compelled to tread on somewhat difficult ground, for it is also a rule of my life never to shrink my duty, and my duty on many occasions leads me on to extremely delicate ground. To begin with, I am right in supposing you to have been the ward of the late Mr. Grander ?' Margery assented, inwardly amused ;. the man's manner, though frank, and undeniably fee and easy, was neither familiar nor impertinent, and she had a shrewd suspicion that Mr. Coulter had a knack of appearing, as the saying goes, a far greater fool thac he was. 'Good! Are you aware ift any suc cessor was appointed ?' ' Yes; my father appointed Captain and Mrs. Grander as my guardians in case of Mr. Grander's death.' 'What sort of a person is Mrs. Grander-clever, strong-minded?' 'Quite the reverse; an invalid with no thoughts beyond her own mala dies.' ' Hem Excuse me, miss, but was there ever any question of marriage between you and Captain Grander ?' Margory crimsoned. 'Yes; he and his father wished it.' 'Mr. Grander, did hI? 'Wasy he very keen on the subject ?' 'Not so, very latterly, I think ; he seemed to care a good deal about it at one time.' 'Have you any idea what can have made him alter his mind ?' 'Not the slightest.; indeed I am not aware he did alter it, only certainly lately he has not made any reference to the subject. 'Again I must ask you to excuse an impertinent question, but is there any truth in the report that you take a strong interest in the prisoner ?' Margory coloured to the roots of her hair, but looked her interrogator straight in the face as she answered, ' Yes; it is true.' 'Is it true that Mr. Ragland threat ened Mr. Grander during that last in terview ?' 'Not exactly; he only warned him not to ptovoke him any more, or he could not answer for his actions.' 'And, after that, was left alone with him, and ?Ir. Grander seen no moro ?' ' Yes.' 'And where did you go af er leaving thoseotwo men at Haworth Rock ?' 'I walked home,' SAlone ?' 'Oh no I With Captain Grander and Dixon.' 'H.ve you any idea what time it was when you arrived ? MIargory considered. About four, I should think; for I remember very soon after that I had to go and give Mrs. Grander her tea, and she always has it at half-past four.' 'And it takes over half an hour to walk to the Rock from here. You left it, then, about half-past three. Mr. Ragland is known not to have returned home till five. At what hour did the search-party start ?' 'Just at eight o'clock.' 'Strange he should not have been missed before! I suppose, miss, the gentlemen of this family did not favour you with their presence at tea, or in the early part of the evening?' 'No; Mr. Grander never did. Captain Grander used to sometimes. I don't know where he was that day.' ' You never saw him, miss, after he came in at half- past four, till eight o'clock, when he was starting on the search ?' 'No;' .: 'Nor have any idea where he was ? 'Not the least. OhI' cried Mar gory, with a gasp, as if a dash of cold water had been thrown in her face; 'you don't mean- you can't suspect 'I suspect nothing, miss. My duty is to prove; but it is a strange thing that no one in the house appears to have seen Captain Grander during that time; and, also, that he should not sooner have become anxious about his father, especially as Dixon tells me he appeared unwilling to leave him alone with Mr. Ragland. At the same time, if you suspect any one or anything, I need hardly im press on you the necessity of silence and caution. Your face tells me you can keep a secret, and a cordial and cautious co- operator in the house will be of the greatest service to me.' (To be coantintued.) 