; 'MR ME LINE:' .THE CONVICT'S BRIDf. ' .. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. 'FOUNDED. ON FACT. By FRANCIS~°A. DVUIVAGH, ACTHOU OF 'The Brolhn-'s Seerjei,' 'X tost iire ?? ' Fonte:roj-,' Ac. ? - CHAPTEH iV.^ontimcl.) ' Indeed 1' she exclaimed, with visible ?? . emotion. 'Tea,' he continued: 'I shall not see that fair face for many a long day.' . ' If you are detaining me to repeat compli .: ments I most leave yon,' she said. ' IGns is. no oommon- place gallantry,' he auEwereu, huuugu juu nave cauattn io fcreai it as each. I love you with the whole force of .; ' my soul,' ;' »' Yefcreport Bays, my lord, that you led a .wM life in London.' ' I did. I plunged into dissipation to try to forget you.' 'And yon are going away to try the same f remedy again J' ' 'Not eo, by heaven 1 My love for.yoa : hss purified my nature. I will never again do anything that yon would disapprove, for I love yon — love you as much as you hate ' Hato yon— ymi I' she cried, and sheraisea her beantiful eyes to heaven as Bhe spoke. ' How can you be so cruel t Alas 1 what have I said?' . 'Do I really 'hear aright?' cried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand. ' Is it possible that you do not spurn me — that you give me ?hope?' ' Jeannatia withdrew her hand. 'I give yon no hope,' Bhe' said. ' I only ask yon to let me go— to pity me. Farewell 1 farewell forever 1 If you hava any regard for met yon will grant me one boon— forget ?at.' ' Forget you 1' he eohoed, and was pro . ceeding to declare the utter impossibility of obeying Her, but she was gone, speeding toward the. hall at a. rate that forbade pur suit, even it he had attempted to follow her flying footsteps. The next day he was on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and mid night found them totting on the channel, in company with a number of other travelling victims. . ? ??Me lad,' B&id; Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, ' 'ad I banticipated such 'orrors as this, I should ? have presumed to hadvise going to the Conti . nent by land.' ^ Foot Grave*1 geographical knowledge waa extremely limited. They arrived in Paris at a critical moment. Louii PhUUppe in his dotage bad defied the popular will, end ft political volcano was on the eve ot explosion. Lord Herbert had read the' signs ol the coming convulsion, but poor?Grave», happily ignorant of French, was unaware that the atmosphere was bo electrical. He wu waitiDg order! in bis muter** par ioijorjc evening. Travelling in company, the Alormil intercourse of master and man bad ! yielded to something like the familiarity tola \- rated on the Continent. 'Mo iud,' uid Grave*, 'there »eem» to : be torn? kind of a row going on in w ctreeta.' , . i M Yes ; a very nrioorfltaon kind of a row.' L; 'AlargenumberdpeffpleartiingingBOmt' ?r think or other.' M 'The MaruIUise.' B ;. ' Hand I perceive,' continued Grave), ' » R. Dumber of persons with torches beecortiog t r ? cart in which there are bodief . Tb«e must / ,-, 'ivs been tome kiod of s haceident— a 'ouu * ' tumbling dowo, per'apa.' ' You are right,' replied Lord Herbert : 'and the building that ha* fallea,orii falling, U the Uoyal houw of France.' ?? Amazing i' exclaimed Gravel, not at til ' . following IiU mantei'* drift. Ju»t then there eame .a rattling crash la the dill juce. Grave* jumped, 'I beg pardon, me lad; bat what wa* that 7' 'Musketry.' 'And tbatV ' * creamed the terrified lackey, as a deeper detonation (book lh« window pane*. i ; 'Cannon. Load taj pistol*, We'll £0 down Into the alreet ind t*k« a hand in this row.' 'Me Iud I me fad I' cried the fenUbJ flon .key, ' i( you'd only hexcute my Mrrioil on ???- thi* hoccailon.' ' ' Load the pUtol*, blockhead,' cried Lori Herbert. ' Tmoly minute* tUerwuit, ' Milord Aug. laU,' warmly welcomed by the revolutionist*, T- «u lighting on a barrleade— for iust then he -Jf. «u a protested liberal—and uttftt, mart *£ dead than alive, loading hi* cavalry pUtol* K a* fait as bis trembltafi band* would permit ? him. ?t 'By Jove I' laid JjQti Herberl, u b* ^m bioutml down » royal enrauler from bl* ? .addli, '? this I* wbal I call 'Heal Life Id ? Fari*.'' ?t. CUAPTEB. V, Ba_^^ a&RTitkiamia;, i^^^^Hrla and adventure* ot lati Ber ?^^^^?fe during a year, tha time allotted ^?^?^?mjuvi no taring on In* raovi' H^^^^^HM^od aj*, Moordfngly, ? At first the tone of his letters to his mother indicated to thatjkeenBighted woman that he wa* ill at ease, and it wa9 evident that he was socking! all sorts of excitements as an anodyne for restlessness. Very eoon, however, .ho wrote in high spirits, and the countess felt certain that he was radically cured of his fancy for Jeannette. He was presented! at varions foreign courts, and wrote home long letters about the ladles he met in society. From Vienna he wrote, 'There aro many lovely woman here, but were Lady Fanny Westover at court, abe wonld outshine them all.' This opinion waB communicated to the English beauty, and she thought 'perhapB the man loved rda a little after all.' Still, on the eve of hi» return, the oountess thought it best to give Jeannotte an indefinite, leave of absence, supplying her plaoe in the interim* '? ' I hope to recall you vary soon, my child,-' said the countess, kindly, as the girl was leaving. i Lord Herbert received a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. He'was the picture of ruddy health. Long pedestrian tramps in Switzer land, boar-huntiog in. the German forests, boating on the Danube, had developed his muscles and strengthened his constitution. It was a yocng athlete who grasped the earl's hand and threw his arm around his mother's walBt. : The day after his return he -noticed, ap parently for tho first time,, the absence cf Jeannette, and commented on it with the al most indiSerence. i ' Do you know, mother,' he said, with a light langb, 'that I. once thoaght the girl was wonderfully pretty. Seeing the smart Freuoh servants, thongh, spoils one for thiok English waists and ankl's.' If the oountess was delighted to find that her boy came back heart-whole, the earl was equally pleased when he found that, instead oi overdrawing his account, he had brought back a h.indfon? sum, notwithstanding the extent of his travels1 and the duration ol his absence. . : . . ^ 'Do you kcow, father,' said the young man, ' that the example of the foreign no bility teaches one toieoonomize ? Lavish ex penditure, with them, ia a mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franca and Germany we try to find. how much pleasare wb can secure lor a little money ; here, how much money we can spend on a little pleasure.' Ona important change in Lord Herbert's domestic arrangements bad taken place. Mr. Graves had left his1 service to accept the place as head-waiter in a Swiss Hotel. His place had been supplied by a French valet — Mr. Eugene Li Flenr — a keen, black-eyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, for he had been a travelling courier. A few days after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a little domestic tonr, after which he was to Beltle down in London to read law.. ; Before he left the hall, his father an nounced to him that he had settled his yearly allowance for the future, and named a sum -o magnificent as to surprise tho heir of Elwood. - Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert ;ave certain minute instructions to his confi lential valet, and they parted company, the roang nobleman pursuing his journey alone n a post-chaise, his coaree lying through the jorthtra counties. : ? - ? t » * ? ' It was the dusk ot 'evening, and a yonng ;irl.was Eeated in a private parlor of a small nn in a northern post-town. She was very plainly dressed but her beauty.as the opposite nirror assured her, etood in need of no ad irnment. i She was evidently expecting Borne one,! for 'rom time to time she consulted a' little Geneva watoh which hung at her waist with ligns of impatience. At last her keen ear de lected a step on the stair, then nearer in the lall ; the door was flung open ; a young man ?ushed forward, folded her in his arms, [issc-d her cheeks, lips, and forehead andi ex lUimed: ' ; 'Jeannettel my own 1 my darling 1' ' Herbert 1 my love I my life I' ' Is this not a dream ?' cried the happy roucg man, as he Eeated himself beside her ind clasped her hands. 'You got my etter?' j ' I wear it on my heart,' she whispered ; 1 and I can repeat every word of it.' 'And you consent?' ' I am wholly yours, Herbert.' ' ' I only ask for one year of secrecy and so lution. At the end of that time I will avow iut union in tba Uae of the world, come phat may. You are more to me than atber, mother, fortune, rank. I have onntcd the minutes oflmy absence.' Much mors ho aaid in the same strain, and here was a convincing sincerity in the tone * well as the words. : Lord Herbert Knightly and Jcannette 7ilson bad corresponded secretly during the rbole period of the former's absence. ' His rst letter had remained unanswered a long ime, and expectation had intensified his uiion. Then her coo), dilatory reply bad rodnced wanner protestations on hi* part ,' n oiler o! marriage, which was rejected ; a i*oairing rejoinder, arid then an acceptance n'tho part of Jeannetto,. provided the Oder ras renewed at tho expiration Jot a year. I f, i the interim, be changed bis mind, and she ontinued to implore him to forget her, then he released him from every pledge and would eturn all bis letter*. ; He had proved constant to hi* attachment, nd now claimed the result of b'ia fidelity. Jeannetto had already written to tbs onntest, thanking her for past kindnesses, ut declining to return to Elwood Hall. Thi* ?a« a sort of tacit confession of an interest } the jonngbeir, which it waa her duty;1o uppreia. fine did not aend the oountess her ddrtM. Lord Herbert was determined lo make jaa uanoe doubly surs. Ho might still be bus «Ud and' watobed, and ho determined it nee to baffle family interference. A post babe wa» at the door, and the yours oouplo uteredit. Lt Ffacir had been difnatohed in vance to secure relay* o( horse* along the ortliern road, and joined tbo pair at the last tatlon on tho loutb of the norlbcrn English 'rtio postillion* droveja* if tbolr employer ra* pursued, though tbero waa no ebadow ol anger. Lord II«b«rt did not draw a free b«ath ntil Carlisle wu left behind, and glad BOBfJ) wa* be when ,tbey alighted at the ackimltb'* *nop In Oiatna Green, then tha real rendwvou* of elbplng oouplu. Tbo aokamfth b*d a lioencs to rolemnlze mir ages and no prelimlniry formalltle* were Eruilalte In fioutland. | The altar was an anWl—Uie oftlcfalfpg rl/ut a urimt aon of Vulotn. Fortunately * n«w oUlmed the privilege ol Minting Aot: all bo cared lor wa* the fee. In tht* itelt w»» liberal. The blaekiroltb lurnlsbad «rtlfla*t«— tbo !»«?! »narrl*B» ol Herberl Sly '4 J«nn«lt« WlUon, »nd U Ftenr ndoHed it U » wltMM. Tbo bridegroom ,to tbl* important dooamenl 0 tht Iweplog 'TtforUItGretn* Orein man »d4 wife i and ielr boD«;mo-m begw iwtth dMeptlon. IH jrnlog to London by i nnlnqutnlfa road*, ?v were miUttrei Bt all tbelrhiUIngplaoea .Captain »nd Mr*. Jatnoi Morton, It wbj aa Mr*. Morton, and not »a Lady nlVhtlr. that tba bride took poiumlon cl *n eiant little furnUhed boa* in Ht John'* foot, ft diiirlot In (lie nortU-weiKm part ol 'SfflMt «bo *w dawlid W4 dollgbUa wltb Iw -U«uim ol -b- ?riitosntlo bo*- Itfri irtSiSn giTin U yi«« caV« bUaubt u\,m to famishing it, and the man'* Parisian taste had achieved wonder?. A coupe and saddle-horse were at her disposal— she had servants at command— sbs was told she nfedd not economize in her expenditures. But, after all, this was a cage, though -a gilded one. Her husband could only visit her by stealth. She oould not make acquaint ances—and, indeed, the character of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When she rode in the park she mnst ba closely veiled. She must observe constant precau tions. Though a married woman, sbe was to lead the life of a cloistered nun. During his long weary absences, she could not be certain how her husband was passing his time— -what temptations he might be exposed tO. : . - Siill'ho waa hers. She loved him person ally— she loved his lank. A y»ar would soon pass. She would then emerge from obscu rity and daszle the world with her beanty, vindicating her right to more among peer esses—to bapresented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jcannette ! And there was a romance in her position alter all. To be treated' as the fairy of this domestic establishment— to bo petted, loved, adored — it was. rapturous I The honeymoon was prolonged, and for month's Lord Her bert did not seem for a siDgle moment tb rrsret the step he bad taken. So the beanti ful recluse of St John's Wood Terrace was perfectly happy. ; | CHAPTER VI. | IBOBBLB. From the moment when Jeannette broke wild Kate at Elwood Hall, she had conceived a passion for equestrian exerciis. Every fair Say she ; rode in Hyde Park, followed at a respectful distance by a mounted groom, Thongh her f&oa; was hid^ea with a thick rail, stiUTtbe dsgance of her symmetrical form ind the daring style of her riaing soon at-: Iracted attention. Dandy guardsmen and )ld clubmen began to enquire after the femi aine enigm-. The groom was questioned; !SBh in hand, but he was mute as thesphinxi 3ome daring young men tracked 'her to St; rohn'a Wood Terrace, and thore learned that t waa a Mrs. Mortrin who inlabited the ilegant little bird-cage in the centre of the iloek. Bat the neighboring tradespeople! Fere not communicative about her;, all her lille were punctually paid, and that was1 nough for them. She sever made any pur- i hnBes personally. : I The fair equestrienne brca-.nc the talk cl .otten Raw. Why did she olwajB veil her ice ! Some said sbo.was deeply pitted with 10 small-pox ; others that ehe was a colored oman ; all sorts of rumors were Hying in the ir. Even Qacen Victoria one day raised er eye glass to her as Bhe passed her in the ark. - ? Sir Lionel Lincoln, ot the Cirlcton, made a et that he would speak to tba Anonyma.and, ven make her lilt her veil. 1 Primed with champagne, ho rode rip to her co day, and accosted her. - j ' A fine day, madam.' j Jeannette took no notice ol his remark, bnt | inched her bay mare with tha whip. Tho igh-spirited animal bounded forward, but ae insolent cavalier kept at her bridlo rein, te glanced round and saw that, a group of is fellow-dandies wero watching him. Onp ? art ol his bet be had already won — he had ! poken to the lady ; but he bed sworn to lift ] ic veil. It floated within reach of hia hand : nd he dared to grasp it. White with passion Jeannette turned in er saddle and lilting her riding- whip dealt ie baronet a severe cut across the face. For one moment her own beautiful conn -nance was revealed. The next instant she &d; again shrouded it, and was galloping way followed closely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occur- j ace to her husband, simply resolving to give | p her favorite exercise. Bat the groom im- j arted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather ! \- Captain Morton, as they all oallcd their nployer. 'You havo been insulted to-day, Jean et'.e,' 'said his lordship, 'I will avenge ' I have avenged myself, Herbert. . The retch will carry tho mark of my whip for a fortnight, and -I have mado him the laugh ig-stcck ol his fellows.' ' Bat I must have my revenge,' said Lord crbert, darkly. ' No man shall insult my ifc and live.' ' How wiil you compass it ? Are you ready i acknowledge that I am your wife?' 'Not yet; but I can quarrel with him on imo other pretence— fight him — ' 'Perhaps fall and leavo mo alone in tbo orld. No, no, Herbert; you love me too ell for that. There is but one way to end leso difficulties ; present mo to your father i your wife ; proclaim to tbe world who and hat I am:' ' You fo;;;.'t that our secret was to bo kept ' I agreed lo that, dearest ; but why not itlcipata the avowal ?' ' Do not press me,' replied Lord Herbert, loomily. ' I am not ready yet.' At that moment an altercation was heard i tho lower ball, and a harsh voice cl aimed ; 'I must and will too tho lady of the ouso.' 'Lot me go down,' sMd Joannottc,turning lie. Homo importunato beggdr ; I will soon :t rid of him.'. 'But the man seems to be inoolent.' ' I oan deal with him, dearest ; I entreat )u to let mo manage this.' Hue ran down stairs. A shabby rough okinff man who had forced hia way past io lackey, siood holding tho Borvant by .the ' illar. ...'., The moinont be o»w Jcadnstlo, ho nil, ia familiar tono : '? Call your cur oil. Ho pretended ' that I . id no right to enter your homo.' ? ' Ha cornea on baalneos, Gtorga,' said lannetta to tba wondering eorront. You can ave u».' , ? ? ? . Bhe was pale aa death, and so agitated iat aba could not (peak, but abe bockonod 10 ntrangu visitor into a (Ida room and ulely invited him to take a iaal. 'You've kept yourael! confounded aocrol late, JoannelU.' aald tho man, aconllugat :r, 'Thought you'd throw me off tbq.nseVrt, ' 1 7 But I was Btanding by tbe pack rail Hi this afternoon, and oaujiut a gllmpso ol mr laoe while you was havfexj a row with nir beau and oultlng him aotau tho eyea,' ?? You «»w n» ohatliilva a villain I' ' I aaw what I «»w. Well, yon *e«m lo bs iinfortably settled bare— qullo tho lady, A le liouio— rlno clothes—while I— ' He looked down at hit shabby gdrmonl«, id uttcrcJ something like a snarl ol rago. ' I was not aware that you ware In -JI«- e«i,''«»id Juannotte, who wa* trembling olently. ' 1 am sure I am ready to ca ll you,' and oho placed ber puras in bla inda. 'I've lioard lli« p«r«on «-y Ilio WAge* of 11 it death.' aaid the man, weighing tho ir»u In hia iiaml and i;1oatlii(j on tbuiulneaa it ullttorod through the elllion rfr^A 'but aay that the w»g«« ol aln are fine, dlothos, ent, and d/inlt. Don't you Hod it «o, Ju»n. itW7'' ' I do not undoriUnd you,' nniworoil Jo»n illo, lilashlng «»rlet. ' Why, how do you coins by thoao luxiiriea at aiirrounrl you? What arc you doing ire 7 Mind, I don't coroo bete to blums yon, il to i/iaw,?1 ?. ????-- ' I am ben,' »p!I«a JtnntiU. ''l»o»n» ' I am surroundod by luxuries because my hus band is generous.' ? ? ' I should like to eet my eyes upon that generous ohap,' said the man.with a drunken laugh. ? : : , ' Very well, sir, yon oan do it,' said Lord Herbert, entering tbe room. ?;' I am this l&dy;'s husband — Captain JameniMorton.* 'My dear brother-in-law,' Baid the in truder, offering him a dirty hand, ' 1 am happy to make your acquaintance.' Lard Herbert bent an inquiring lock on his wife. ! - ' ( ' ' 'This is my brother Thomas,' she Baid, casting down her eyes—' the only relative I have on earth.' ; 11 I've bad hard luck, captain,' said Mr. Thomss WiUon, ? throwing himself in a damask chair; ' but I am a gentleman, every inch !'' and he-clinched the assertion with an oath.; 'I'm s jack-of cll-trcdes,ibut I never conldimakeboth'ends meet. A? I before re marked, Fm very glad to make your acquaint ance, and—and — and wish you many returns of the same happy occasion. For three vreeks, myidear sir,. I haven't known where to layjmy head; now, I enppoee you've got a room and bed at my service here.' Lord Harbert signaled to his wife to leave them alone, and ehe quickly withdrew. ' There is no room for you, here,' said Lord 'Herbert, firmly. 'Whan I married your sister I was not aware o! your existence. When I married1 yo'nr sister, I had no idea ol endorsing her family. This is my house, and I must tell yon, sir, that its doors will be shut against you. Why, you can well imagine. You must have been begging money ot your Bister, I suppose. ' No, captain — a gentleman cannot con descend to beg ; but she very politely re quested met to accept this trifle,' and he held up the well filled purse Jeannette had given ? him. | ' ; ' 'Very well,' said Lord Herbert, 'I will 5dd to the amount. Here is a twenty-pound note. Now] you aro in funds. Get yourself decent olothes, and look out for some h&nest; employment. I see the rock youlntumble on is intemperance. Avoid it. What I givq you 'isj burdened .with this condition— that you aro not to annoy your Bister; by coming here: I If ybu violate the agreement, I shall know how to punish you.' : . t While Lpfd Herbert was Bpeakicg Wilson was ecr.nsisg him from head to! foot, as if imprinting every lineament on his memory. 'Very good, captain,' ho said, at last. 'Hand', me [over the iimiy — I ; accept the terms, c I will nover call hero without your p errii3aion. ] I will get myself oi decent rig- ? out, and the rest of the money shall be— judioiouely invested, I will do no discredit to my .genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my en gagements will not permit me to stay and take supper with you. My compliments to my sister 1 -j.-fu revpir, captain. I Wo shall certainly meet ORsin.' ' j ' Heaven forbid 1' thought 'Lord Herbert, aa be bowed j the vagabond out of the house. ' 'I have got rid of him,' said he, as he rejoined his wife. ' Ha will not trouble you again.' | i | ' '? ! The name of Thomas Wilson waa not agnin mentioned between them.i and Lord IIerbert| bad! almost forgotten him, when, strolling one afternoon through lisgent street, he came upon an individual dressed in the extreme ot fashion, with a glass stuck in his eye and a lavender kid glove on the hand which tcirled a little cane. ' Ah ij Captain Morton, delighted to meet youl' exclaimed this exquisite, who was no other than Thomas Wilson, as he extended his hand. ? j . Hid Lord Herbert been alone ha might have responded, but as ha was walking with a young guardsman, he replied, freez ingly: j ' . ? ! 'Sir, you are mistaken, .1 haven't the honor oliknowing you.' j : ' ' Ah ij indeed,' said Mr Wilson,; staring at him throupa h'13 glass. ' Nat Captain Morton l| whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing?' | But Lord Herbert and hia friend had already pisaca on. . . '!''?? , ' Sailing under false colors, eh?' thought Wilson. | 'Not Captain MortoBl There's donble-doaling here. - But I'll find out who and whit you are, or my name's not Tom Wilson.'! ? | ? | And he turned and stealthily followed the young noblsmbn and his 'companion; CHAPTER VII. THE 3IUVE AND THE AMAH, Months 'rolled on. At first not. a day passed without Lord Herbert visiting his wife. ' Than oitnc intsrvals of absonco, dur ing which be did not even write. ! Of oourse Jeannetts knew ba was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in society, to visit his home. ' But then his manner changed. He was no longer im passioned. ' : ' He was oltcn cold and oonstrained, moody ? and silent. She would not think at first that ho was growing weary of her, but by degrees the conviction forced itself upon bor, and preyed upon her very. soul. Her cheek Rrcw pale,, her eye dim, her beauty luilej. Fatal obanRo! for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked tbe aa oomplisbments and tha graces whioh are tho birthright of aristocratic ladies, and it her humblo charms should desert her, she had no bold on the heart of tho man ; who had stooped from his high ctatiou to wed her. Lord Herbert .Knightly had in ieed failed in more than one respect. Ho bud broken bis pledgo to his father not to gamble, and he had ugain exceeded hie liberal allowance. He hod debts Aid duns. ? ' Ills establishment in Bt. John's Wood Terracs felt tha effects of hi« embarrassments. He allogod to Joannotto unfortunato upeoula tions as tho reason lor outailing his dbmestio oipon^oB, and uho'ohccrfully saw horses and CurrlagQj ; Bold, grooma dismissed, and tho nouiehdli' roduoad to a meagra minimum. -But; U'Was.bard to havo to press her husband for- monfiy, to meet tho grooor'a, bakor'u and batahu'u bills. She knew thoro was «omo tblng wrong', drcadod nomothina fatal. ?DurinR fho lint months of ' hla accrot . marrlago. Lord Ilorbort had avoidcj society ; now ho w««,:ot every dl«tlnRul«hod ball, ooncorl, plonlor arohory moating. Every where he mat Lady Fanny Wcstovgr. Since their first, tcquaintanoo her beauty had ripon«d into Bomothing rasrvolIouD, andslic was followed ? by a train ot ardent admlrors. But aho distinguished him above all othera, and bio marked attentlona oomproralooil both. ? : Though1 ho never said any thing to Joan i notto abput his social roovomentt, i the nowa Jiper*, aucll aa tho Horning Pmt.'nni Court purnal, olirpnlcled tliom. The fact l», he ?was luadlRR a wild, desparate llle, rtgatdlejs ol all consequence!, High pioy and deep drinking divided hla nlgliU with theatrea, balls, and dinner partita. Ha betted on tba turl wiltrrtbe varying luck ot a fpllowar cl fortune, - - Tho earl and tho oaunteas baihb«c«me un easy about him. Tbey looked on « brilliant marriage ai tho only mean* ol saving him, and they already treated bidy Panny West lover m tbeif iuinro daughter-in-law. Lord ineibert'* attontlons to bet wero unmlatak jablo. No honorable man could be aa m lalduoua without Hiving tbo objaot ol bit ad idreauin an4 lbs world to understand that he IJorodher, ' | ' : Y«t Lord Herbert never deliberately pur posed to repudiate hla marriaffe with Jean netto. . Ha ovon, nro«»od by hla' father (o aattls in lite, imealttted proolpUatlng an »»ow»l, and braving all tub oonieQoenaoi, ,tbough hl- flnk lovo had long ilaoo grown MakoBBjpjajoioHOMHMoJBjo^pBaaoiaaaBOHj Hs bad long been absent' from his chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was j without news from his wife; but ononifiht ha thought- he would pay h«r a visit. There were reasons why he should not havo been a single day.away from her side, but his heart was now steeled, and be had ignored those reasons. Tbe servant who opened the door said not sword to him. He passed up into the draw ing-room, fonnd it. empty, and then into the chamber overhead, j Jeannette was lying on ' the bed ; beside her; a sew-born infant. An old nurse, who was present, roee and left the room. I - 'Ah I yon haye corns at last, Herbert!' said Jeannette, in a faint voice. ' I was afraid ypa would come too late.' Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed tho white face. He was|coneaious-stricken. 'Oar child — owe bsby- daughter I' con tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little. pink face on the pillow. ''You will take cara of herj— when — I am gone.' 'What do you mean?'criea Lord Her. bert, bending over trie couch. ' Are you not doing well?' . ' I — am— dying,' murmured fho poor . woman. ' Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven's daaree. The child — ball her Carmeline — it is a fancy of mine. Ybu will not balk my last wish — will you, darling?' ' Jeannette — dearest — live I — live for my Bake— for our child's. I will acknowledge you SB my wife to-morrow — you have the proof I' ' Here 1' she said, touohiog the bosom of her dress. Then she added : ' Give me yonr hand, dearest.' I He took her hand ; it w«s already cold, but tbe fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel—he was a man, arid his tears dropped like rain upon , the poor, thin white hand. ' |' ' Do not weep, dearest,' murmured his wife. ' Believe me. it is better thus. Kiss mel Now good-night I Biby— do not force t.' | . With a wild ory he wrenched his hand from the tightened grasp. ^ He gazed in his wifo's face— it waB the face bl death. Long he sat there in tho darkened chamber. After the first burst! of human, passionate grief, sn awe fell upon him. Tnen there came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had. steeled his heart. , ' Better thus.' h» muttered. ' It was she who said it. Better I to die than to outlive love. And Bhe is dea'd. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul Bhe had Ij Bnk is all. over now. I am free 1 She died just in time.' ? He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It ?was tbe little sleeping .baby's birthright, and he was robbing both the living and the dead. | As he removed the taper, it seemed as if a frown passed over thelface of tbe corpse, but it was only the wavering ot the wax light that produced the effect. | Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it is the flame of the candle till the last inch wan burnt to aehes. The blaze scorched his fingers, but hs did cot feel the pain. ' Good- evening, my lord 1' said a man's voice, that Bounded like thunder in the hush of the death-chamber. I 'Why do you call | me my lord?' asked. Herbert, turning on Thomas Wilson. ? ;??'.'' St 'Because it is respeotful, Lord Herbert 'Knightly,' answered tbe man. ... ' . He was perfectly sober, and perfectly - oc'ol. ' . . I ..?-.?' ' Are you aware whom yob are addressing,-; Bir?-' ?.?.'' ?;..--; ; ' Perfectly. I am speaking to Lqjj'Her-. bert Knightly, ray sister's hatband.'-. ? '. _:'.' Prove what you saj .' ? .'-.. ?? \- ' It is very easy to prove your identity.', .' But tbe marriBge ? ' ' . , ? ; Wilson looked blank ? . : '. Yon do not deny that yon were married ' to yonder dead mother!' . 'I do deny it, anc I .challenge you to produce contrary evid- nee.' 'You* do not deny that your aro 'the : father of that ohild, my lord?' ' I do not deny that. ' . ' And you propose to .abandon the in fant?' . . ? ... 'I proposa to do np such thing. Hear me. I have a proposition to make to yon. . Yon are needy— so, for the- present, -am I. But I can command miney, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sinter. An for tho child, I offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to ta'ka charge of it— to adopt and roar it as your own. If you will oall at my chambers to-morrow at noon, ] will satisfy you as to tha payment. I give yon five minutes to consider the proposition. Reject it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger. ' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He accepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping hands over tho|bed ol death. . Foom that moment Lord Herbert did cot caBt one look upon tho tace ol his dead wifo, bor whoso lair name he had slandered for tho solto other own brother. Without a look at the bed where tba silent form of ber he had loved lay, he left tbo room and Gtols oat ot the bouse of death, i 'To tnc Carleton l'| ho ordcrod almost fiercely, aa bo sprang into Mb cab Ha was in full evening dress, lavender kidB on his hands, a nosegay, in his button-hole. Ho was engaged for a ball ot a duchess' that evening, and ho meant to beep his appoint ment. Bat first bo must bavs brAndy, He drank aa deep that ono of his acquaintance* otood aghast at his rtcklcasucaii, and ro-' monstratcd. ? ' j ' ' Mind your own affairs, Weatluy,' re tortcd Lord Horbert ; .'jl oan; take care ol myBoIt.' ! ' . Ho wag as cool, opporontly, as if bo hail swallowed so mpch water, only the gueats at thoduobosa' noticod that ho waa in unutuallj high Bpirita. ? ? j ' L»dy Fanny Wostovor was his partnor in: aquadrlllo. Ho bung over nuaftorho had conduotod her to ber seat, where an old dowagor,: hoc ohaporon, waa waiting lor her. i ' lloraorabor, yon »ra mlno for the walta,' ho whispered. 'To-night I monopolism you.' | . Tbo orohoatra soon alruok np tbo symphony otono ot Lannier'a wildeat, most maddou'ing w»He»s. ' ! ' ' This I* aomothlng like llfo I' ho whi«. pared, aaahehungonhlBBuoulder, andthapaor became list and f arlous, [ as a turfman would say. ; ' For what I* llfej Itaelt but ono long, wild, whirling walta ? When wo bave dono spinning, wo tintt into tbo grave— don't ybu aeet'1 ?- ; . 'You talk very Blrangely lo-nlght,' panted Lady Fanny, ! 'Do I? that Is bocauso I am in tuoh high tplrll*. Yon know I love you, and now that 1 leel the preaauro ol ydur hand, your per. - lumed breath upon my ohoek, I am In l'ara (!!?«.? Aro you hippy 7' l ' Yea,'1 waa tho murmured roply, , Suddenly the muilo aiopped. They were alono uifon the floor. Ai be led her to her neat bo proued her hand, ? and tho prbsnure wa« ratnrned, . | 11 Mino 5' bo Mked, beading down to oatob tho roply. 11 Yours Wholly,'* w»i i ho anawor, Ulelfnot, Uionsh low. The aoooptod lullor ol Lidy Penny Wc«t over I And whal about I ho unburled'woman that lay at thai raomonl an tha little white bod in St. John'* Wood ? Why did thnt ?till laoo riie among tho blooming obeeka, and the lair lormi at)f tho glUI«tlng diamond*, and WM'llahtl oHho Jnchiai*' hall lnBel«TaTla.1_ Why? Why? There waa no accounting for such things ; but it was possible to drown a ghost in waves ot champagne and Bur jjundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but could not forg6t. ; Two weeks afterwards there was an aristocra tic marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins^of the morning Post, and the bridegroom waf Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Westover. Tha ' happy couple' departed immediately alter tha wedding breakfast, for anextenrive tour on the Continent. ! ?.'.'. ' 'Happy? 01 conrse they were. ... . CHATTER VIH. - . THE DAB MAID OF THE 0S0H0E. Years have rolled by. How haa Thomas WilBon performed his duties to hiB BiBta fl child?— duties he waB liberally paid toper form. A few words will tell that Btory. When Wilson same into possession ot the five thousand pounds— a little fortune— ho really planned turning over a new leaf. He pat tbo ohild out to a nurse in the conntry, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her well, and treated her not un kindly. ' . In the meanwhile Wilson leased a small poblio honse, tbe George Inn, in the town ?! Warwickshire, and for Borne years did a Erosperous business. His own irregular abita were a drawback to the prosperity of the establishment, but then his housekeeper —an old, ona- eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton— by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. . Wilson gave himself out 'as a widower, and spoke ot hia daughter Carmeline. A.t the George Inn the mail-coach stopped to ohange horses, and wagoners put up for the night ; but that trade was soon ruined by a branoh railroad that was run through the town, bo that finally the concern depended principally upon the patronage of tbe village topers. When maiterB came to this pass, Wilson thought of bringihghome little Carmeline and making her useful,, child .as sbe was. He had a right of paatursgs for a couple of cows and aomo Bheep, and her services in ? tajiing -&™ °' tnem woald 006t hlm only her bed and board. . . One day, accordingly, when she was about eicht years ola, ho drove out to the village where she lived, .and took her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruel parting, for the woman and child j loved each other dearly. '?''.. .??? . 1 (.Ti.&rjr.m;/.aW.). 