Captain Lambert's Story. [WRITTEN FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY CHARLES E. LIVESEY. I don't pretend to have a good memory, indeed it would be hard to find the man who had a poorer one; from my youth up this failing has boon the nucleus of much trouble to me. At school, no matter how well I might learn my lessons, the sight alono of our stern head master sufficed to drive nwiiy all traces of what I had drummed into my head beforo going in, and of course I always came in for the customary punishment—a sound birching; or perhaps on the next whole holiday, when other boys went out birds-nesting, I would bo kept in "to get up back work,''but on such occasions my time was generally employed in thinking over my grievances. Therefore it seems strange that anything should be fixed in my mind for any long period. What lam about to write took place not quite sevon years ago when I was on a station out in Australia, yet it seems so real, and comes back to my mind so clearly, that I would fain believe that it only happened yes terday. Yes, I can-see the exact position of the burning logs as they lay half hid in smoke, exactly how the grass looked after the drought, and, again, the very features of each face, as we listened with bated breath to Captain Lam bert's story. At that time I was a boundary-rider on the Devlin station, a billet that most young fellows commence with in their station career; but what did I care for position ? 1 was happy and contented, for socially we were all on the same level when, the day's work being done, we met together to havo a yarn, or a friendly game at cards. It was on a rather cold night in July, every thing having been looked to for tho night, we were all squatting round a log fire that had been built in tho large paddock in front of our hut, and lit in honour of Captain Lambert, the proprietor of Shingle station, thirty-six miles lurthcr on, who nad ridden over during the day with some rather pleasing news for the1 boss, the drift of which I nevor found out. Captain Lambert was a fine handsome man, about 6ft. in height, dark, and heavily mous tached, his skin having that peculiar tan known only to those who have been exposed to an Indian sun. Nobody knew to what regi ment ho had belonged, and nobody cared to ask him ; perhaps they feared lest he might take it amiss, for not a few doubted his rights to the title of " Captain." As I said, then, we were all sitting round the fire busily smoking our S'pes, exchanging what little news there was, scussing the drought, and our future pro spects, until our scanty stock of such talk drew to an end, and a lull in the conversation followed. Through clouds of tobacco smoke, each was thoughtfully gazing into the flames as they merrily shot up, ever and anon bursting into a bright shower of sparks that was soon hid from our view by the thick smoke and carried away on the evening wind. "By tho way, Captain," said Dick Summons, our head stockman, aB he knocked the ashes out of his black "cutty" and commenced cutting up a fresh charge from a dark plug of tobacco, " you never told us how you came to leave the army. I should havo thought that, after having once had a taste of the mess-room and its associates, one could hardly stomach the monotony of a station life." "That's true enough, Dick; for my own part I don't believe anyone could give up the army for such a life, except under peculiar circum stances ; and it was under very peculiar cir cumstances, and for reason of that very mono tony, that I throw up my commission and came out here. You see," ho continued after a pause, " after young Darcy Roland met his strange death I never cared to visit the old haunts again, where each trifling object only served to bring up sad recollections." "Well," said Mr. Wardour (our boss), " now that you have awakened our curiosity, would it be too much to ask you to satisfy us with a few more details of your friend *r" "What! tell you of Darcy? Ah, Wardour, the subject is a painful one, and never yet have I told the story to a living soul; but somehow or other I feel in a particularly miserable vein to-night, and were I to tell you how it all hap pened I dare nay I should feel much relieved; so here goes; but first pull the fire together a bit, and fill your pipes again, boys, then there will be less «hance of an interruption—being interrupted, you know, always spoils n good yum." When his directions had been followed, and he had refit-shed himself with a nip of some of the boss's rare old Jamaica, Captain Lambert commenced hiastory; and, poor as ray memory has been so far, to my dying day I verily be liove I shall remember every word of it as clearly an I do now, so vividly is it fixed on my mmd. It ran as follows : "On my way out to India to join the Regiraont I fell in with young Daroy Roland, who had made an exchange into tho mmc regi ment. Wo soon struck up an acquaintance, for there was muoh in common between us. To mo he seemed ju.st that sort of man who could and would accomplish fearful deeds of bravery, the very beau ideal of a hero, power fully built, square forehead, and eyes that seemed to compel everything to bend to his will. With him nothing was too difficult to overcome, no adventure was on foot but ho must bo a prime leader—a thorough gontleman in oVery sense of tho Word; brave* ttnd hnhd some; Perhaps he ,saw some good points in iriOi perhaps riot; howbe.it; it was not long before wo were fast and sworn friends, always together. Ah, what a glorious friend ho made ! and how many an osoapn-do, or rather the dire results of it, did ho share with me I But how my tongue wags; not of my life in India would Ibe speaking; I must keep nearer the subject, or this night will not find me anywhere near the end of my tale. Well, we had boen knocking about India for some years—Calcutta, Bombay, and many far inland districts—but, what with fever, &c;, the climate had played the very devil with our health, with mine especially, perhaps because I was of a Blighter build, and of less robust constitution. However, one morning a despatch from headquarters was placed in my hands, granting mo a spell of six months on sick leave, and during the day I found to my surprise and joy that Daroy had worked the oraole and had obtained a similar one. Such, I thought, is tho beauty of being well-oonuected and of having " friends at court." Our plans had long since boen made, and it did not tako very loflg to paok up what few things we re quired, inoluding a few nicknacks, such as shawls and trinkets, for the dear ones at home ; indeed, tho next day found us on board a P. and O. steamer bound for London, and as Darcy lived in the North of England, and I in the metropolis, I secured hia promise to stay at our place for a week or two before visiting his own people. It would take too long to tell of our voyage and the greetings we received on our arrival; let it suffice, then, that we were driven home—to a homo quite strange to mo, as my people had taken it into their heads dur ing ray absence to take up their residenco in a largo corner house of a certain well-known square in London, very dull and dreary-looking from the outside, but when onco within doors one seemed to have entered another world, so to speak, the change being so marked. From the very first I took a dislike to tho place, nor could I help regretting tho change, for up to then the only home I had ever known was the dear old 'Hall,' with its well-atocked keeps, where old Mick the gamekeeper had first taught me how to handlo a gun. Ah, little did he think how serviceable his teaching would prove to me in India! I have ever cherished fond recollections of the old place—but lam wandering again. Darcy made himself a great favourite with the girls, but especially with my sister Amy, and, as far as I could see, the liking seemed to be pretty mutual; but, then, what girl could help liking him 'i He was nono of your weak, slim, namby-pamby young men, but a fine, healthy, sunburnt man, ono with whom a girl could feol safe, and one who commanded respect. A large number of friends had been invited to dinner for the following night 'in honour of our arrival,' but I must pass that over, only mentioning that it went off with eclat. Thero was tho usual amount of speechifying and all that sort of thing, which, however well meant, to my mind always makes a dinner too formal, and is decidedly the worst item in tho programme of a ' social' evening. In course of time the ladies retired to the drawing-room, leaving the 'old dogs to their bad ways,' which consisted in the smoking of some inno cent but very good Havanas and sipping at our ease the rich old port. After a quarter of an hour's chat Darcy arose, with the intention, so he said, of ' referring to a book in the library.' ' Sly dog!' I whispered, as he passed me, for I knew too well that he expected to find Amy there also. After he had gone I sat down to finish my cigar. As tho fragrant clouds floated round me, I sank into a blissful reverie, dream ing how truly happy I was, home onco more in front of a glorious fire, no mosquitoes, no no thing to mar repose. Soon, howover, I was aroused by my mother calling me, and I sauntered towards the drawing-room. 'Harry, dear,' said she as I sank into a seat at her side, ' I want you to tell mo how you like this house.' 'Well,' said I, 'at present I hardly know: you see, I had got so accustomed to tho Hall and country life, but I dare say I shall like this place better aa time goes on. But what ever possessed you to come herer' ' Chiefly because of your Bisters. I suppose they like balls and operas an much as other girls do, and you know the country is not so very gay in winter: besides, your father's public duties have of late taken him to the City very often, and as his hculth is not quite so good as it might be we thought it advisable to take up our abode in town at any rate for the winter months ; and, lastly, as the rent of this house was so very reasonable, considering the locality, we took a lease of it.' 'Why, mother! I thought the rents about here were something enormous.' And so they are, Harry, all of them excepting this one, and for that reason I wanted to speak to you. I have been told by our neighbours that we are the first people who have occupied the place for over twenty years. Ah, you may well look astonished, but don't laugh, Harry, when I tell you that Bitch is the case simply because the house is, or rather is said to be, haunted : for rumour says that many a person has met with a moat strange and tearful death in one of the upper rooms. Of course, I don't pl.-ioe the faintest belief in such idle talk ; nevertheless I h;ivo had that room lix-ked up, lo prevent any Mi<h thinir «.-\iT happening ayain. .So if you chance to hear any of these rumours- -and you enn scarcely help doing mo -do nut pay tho slightest attention to them: and above all, Harry, don't tell Darcy Koland anything about it; I am aware of his impulaivo headstrong nature, and that nothing would afford him more pleaHiire than to boanl the lion—or rather tho ghost—in ita den; nought thut we could say would prevent him, so ' ' I wiy, Harry,' broke in Darcy's voice from tho direction of tho door, ' here's a good ioke: your sistor Amy tellß me there is a haunted room in this house, and that I dare not venture there at night time. A ghost hunt in London would not make a bad makeshift for a tiger hunt in Bengal; what say youP' ' Oh, Amy,' said my mother, looking sorrow fully at mo, ' what havo you dono V dear, dear, isn't it provoking!-' 'What is the matter, mother? have I done or said anything wrongP* ' No, child ! of courso you didn't know that I particularly wanted to keep Mr. Roland in ignonmed concerningl this subject.' « Hn-ha ha !' broke in Durey. ' Why, Mrs. Lambert, you are surely not frightened of tho trfribto ghost walking off with nic V it would take a pretty tough One to boar my weight. What do you think, Harry 'r' • You'ro riglit there, old boy,' said I; but, seeing my mother's sorrowful face, I added, ' but Amy was only joking; it is all nonsense, and there is no haunted room, so you are doomed to disap pointment this time. Somo foolish person having a spite against tho landlord has spread the rumour; in course of timo it circmated widely, and necessarily got exaggerated at each telling.' 'Maybe,' said ho, 'but some worthy old codger has said that whero thore is smoko there is fire— something must at one time havo occurred to give rise to such a famous rumour. Of course none of us believe it but tho servants, who tremblo in their shoes each time they have to pass tho door, expecting some terrible thing to jump out and throttlo them ; so thero can be no harm in settling" this queation once and for all. Why it would be a boon to society!' What could bo said when such arguments wero put forward ? So it was agreed that at 12 o'clock—tho conventional 'at home' hour with ghosts—wo two should sally forth. In the meantime we sat in the dining room discussing tho matter over various B's and S! 8, for, as Darcy jocularly said, this beverage was so apropos, tho subject of our discussion being 'spirits;' and, smoking our cigars, we watched the lazy hands of the clock as they slowly crept on towards tho hour of 12. Nearer and nearer the hour drew on; all our arrangements were made—each had provided himself with a dark lantern, a stout stick, and had donned a thick ulster, in the pocket of which was a loaded revolver. Darcy nad tried, his best to laugh mo out of this latter pre caution, but I held out stoutly, and at last convinced him that there was not much chance of having to resort to them; still, as wo hadn't tho faintest idea as to what kind of a personage, or thing, we might thero encounter —perhaps burglars—they might come in handy. We were to stay there till daylight; for that reason we had put on utters, so that, at least, one could be worm, and in turn sleep com fortably while the other remained on watch. Just before 12 my mother grew very anxious, and did her best to persuade us not to go— 'not that there is anything to fear,' she Kept on saying, ' but it is so cold and miserable up there.' Darcy of course must needs have his say, too: 'I assure you, Mrs. Lambert, it would be impossible to feel the cold through this thickness of cloth; I believe you want to rob us of our lawful prey. Why, just fancy, on your coming downstairs to-morrow morning if you found a real dangerous ghost, bound hana and foot—that is, if it happens to have such things—what could we do with it? I don't suppose it would bo very hard to find a buyer. On tho other hand, wo might tame it and keep it for a pet. But thon another difficulty arises. How could wo find out what to feed it onP Perhaps such animals don't require food—so much the better.' And ho went on in this strain until we could hardly contain ourselves through laughing. At last they bade us ' Good night,' and retired to rest. . . , Shortly after 12 we commenced our ascent,' Darcy leading the way, as he said he'knew where the room was situated, having made inquiries; as for me, I hadn't the slightest knowledge of its locality, nor had I ever been so high as the top landing. At last the top stair was reached, and very thankful we were, for the exertion had made us uncomfortably warm, dressed as we were in such thick coats; so a halt of a few minutes was agreed on, that wo might get into better trim before pursuing our voyage of discovery. As we squatted down I let the rays of my lantern flash on the sur rounding objects, which enabled us to see that we were at the entrance of a rather low dark passage, on either side of which were n few doors. ' I say, Darcy, which of these doors is that of the haunted room V* ' Why, the end one,' said he, casually looking around. ' The end one! but there are two—one on either side.* 'Well, that's rather awkward,' said he, ' for it is now too late to make further in quiries as to which is the right one; but I don't suppose it will make much difference; the result will bo the same, no matter which we fix on. Surely you don't ex pect to find anything ? You see, my informant told me that it was the end room along the dark passage, and the possibility of there being two end rooms never entered my head.' 'I vote then we toss up which to enter first, or if you like, Darcy, we will part company, you taking one room and I the other. What say you V' ' Just whatever you like, Harry—but, as I said before, we are not likely to see any thing, so we might just as well keep together; the time won't drag on so slowly, and we can concoct a good yarn for the benefit of those downstairs, telling of the wonderful sights we saw.' ' Very well—up with the coin.' ' But what shall it be ••' ' Oh, heads we take the room to the right, tails the other one.' Darcy threw up the coin, which, after making one or two revolutions in the air, name down n head. ' That's settled then : we take the room to the right.; screw up your courage, old man!' and with this he led tho way, 1 following 'lose at his heels, ;unl tru-il tho d<M>r. It did not yield; il w*i< t';i-<(<iie<l. 'How stupid.' said I, ' nut to Lave thought of thnt! mother told me herself that she hml lurked it: but we must not let such a slight impediment hinder us; lean hard against it, Darcy, it is bound to give way, for the houso is an old one, and the locks are sure to be pretty rotten.' It did not inquire any great effort on his part to force an entrance; at his first push the door yielded, and we entered. The atmosphere was rather warmer than that on the landing, and seemed to tell of some living being having lately occupied the place. My lantern hud gone out, and Darcy in his offorts to open the door had unfortunately extinguished his. Neither of us had matches, so wo agreed to fossick round the room and see what was to be seen by the light of the moon streaming in at the skylight, and then to go downstairs for some matches. ' I say, old man, this is not much like a ghost's residence,' said Darcy as he felt his way along one of the walls with his arms outstretched. ' What do you think?' 'Wait a little longer,' said I, 'and I will then tell you.' Meanwhile I was groping my way in the opposite direction. Wo could not see the extent of the room, the light being hardly strong enough. Presently I heard Darcy. 'Hist!' Baid he, 'there is something moving over there in the corner !' I own I felt a trifle queer as I stealthily crept over to where I sup posed Darcy was, but determined to brave everything; besides, ho was such a fellow for having a joke at his friends' expense that I hardly believed him. I was creeping on thus very silently, when from a masß of something or other an object—and a white one, too— sprang upon me with a yell and a terrific shriek of 'Murder! Thieves! Help!' Scratch? Lord, just didn't it! For a tuno I hardly knew what I did, but I fancy I must havo hit out right and left. Luckily, just then Darcy found a match in ono of his pockets which ho struck, and by its flickering light, to our astonishment, we found tho poor old cook moan ing on the floor—nothing on but a long white nightdress—and nearly dead with terror. Poor thing! I learnt afterwards that she was under the impression that some burglars had forced open the door and were about to murder her. However, we apologised—at least I did; Darcy couldn't, he was laughing too much—and with the aid of a few coins wo managed to pacify her; then bidding the old woman ' Good night,' we slunk downstairs tothe dining-room, whero we let our laughter have full vent. I never laughed bo heartily in my life. On recovering my breath a little I said, ' Look here, Darcy; I thought you knew the way so well. I believo yom led me there on purpose; come, confess it.' 'On my honour, old boy, it was a mis take.' ' I fancy we must have got into tho servants' quarters,' I said, after a pause. *Yes, I fancy we rather did,' said Darcy; going off into another fit of laughing. When v had subsided a little he said, ' Well, ho much for that ghost. Lord! how she went for you ! Now I suppose tho next thing to bo done is to explore tho other room, and this time with lignts.' ' For my part, I vote the next thing we do is to have a refresher,' said I, opening a bottlo of soda. This he readily agreed to, and after we had 'refreshed' we lit our cigars, and started off to explore tho other room. It was not long before we stood outside the door; this we also had to burst open for reasons stated above; but thin time, before advancing a step, wo took the precaution of flashing our lanterns all round. 'Very different to the other room, eh, Harry V * Yes,' said I shivering, not exactly through cold, for I still felt fairly warm, but there was something very strange in the atmosphere—a sort of damp mustiness, as is generally the case when one enters a room that has for many years been shut up. I could see no skylight, and with the exception of an old bed and a rickety ohair the room was void of furniture. It was very large, considering the locality, and Bupernaturally dark, for our lanterns did not seem to light up the opposite walls very clearly ; but perhaps this was merely imagination. Here and there were a few odds and ends scattered about, and in one of tho cornors was a lot of empty boxes piled up any fashion. These we immediately pulled down and examined; next wo turned over tho bed, sounded the walls, and searched every crack and crevice most minutely, but without being rewarded in any way. The only thing that seemed of any use was a bell-rope of some red material suspended from tho ceiling close by the bed, which when pulled caused a bell to ring far down below, and wo could hear it pealing for Borne timo afterwards. Our search finished, I said to Darcy, ' All tho walls seem to be in sound condition; there is no fire place, nor skylight, so that a person wishing to enter this room will have to do so through the door. Now if you will lend a hand we will pile those boxes against it, and being thus barricaded an out sider will find it no easy job to make an en trance without our knowledge.' ' The boxes are very light,' said Darcy ; ' I don't see that it would be such a very hard matter to topple them over.' 'Ah, but I purpose squatting on the top so that if they topple I must topple too, and a fall from that height would pretty well waken a fellow up—so lend a hand.' We soon had the boxes piled up. 'Now,'said he, 'to give his ghostship every chance, we will put out the light, and then everything will bo right for the night. You had better tako first watch, say for an hour, as you are now on the boxes, and then we will change places.' With this he stretched himself out at full length on the bed, which groaned and creaked under his weight, and was soon in the land of dreamt*. As he lay there in the prime of manhood, and in splendid condition, I thought to myself, 'It will go hard with the man or ghost that tries to tamper with Darcy Roland.' I then put out my light, and tried to pierce the darkness with my eyes; my ears were on the alert to catch the faintest sound, but I could only hear the beating of my own heart and the regular breathing of my companion. Presently the hall clock struck the hour of 1, so I roused up Darcy and struck a light. ' Heard or seen anything ?' said he, rising. ' No, and I don't suppose you will bo any luckier,' said I, taking the place he had just vacated on the old bed. I was soon fast asleep. How long I slept I can't say, but I wjis suddenly awakened by an awful crash. In a moment I was on my feet, searching with the aid of the lantern for the oause of such a mriae—«nd I hadn't to look far for that. There was Darcy fast asleep, still on his perch, and I suppose ho had kicked one of the boxes down—or, stay; perhaps somebody had tried to force an entrance. I looked at my watch ;it was just ten minutes to 5 ! Thoro was now no chance of a ghost making its ap pearance, so awakening Darcy we determined to finish out our sleep downstairs in our own beds. The good folJt of the house were very much astonished at our non-appearance at the breakfast table; my mother was paiticularly grave, and despatched ono of tho servants to see if we were still in that haunted room and if all was right, never for a moment supposing that wo were snug in bed. However, we were soon discovered, but they mercifully left us in peace; but our adventure in the cook's room had some how leaked out, so that when at last wo did put in an appearance we had to submit to a good deal of chaffing. ' I say, Darcy,' cried lat dinner, ' they don't believe we passed tho night in the haunted room, but fancy that we went straight down to our beds after frightening the old cook.' 'We certainly passed the night in the room that was said to be haunted, but which in future cannot lay claim to the title, for not a vestige of anything supernatural did I see or hear, unless it was the vile creaking of the bed, nor do I believe that anything out of the common has ever been seen there; and as for people having met their death there, it is simply absurd nonsense. You see,' continued he, turning to Amy, ' we were not frightened, after all.' ' No, because two of you were there. Now, rumour says that tho ghost never makes an appearanco but when one occupies the room at a time, bo wo will still, if you please, call it " the haunted chamber," for I'm sure you wouldn't caro to pass another miserable night up there, and all alone too.' 'Wouldn't I, though ?' said Darcy, laughing ; • to-morrow morning you will sing quite anothor song.' How clearly these words came back to us after wards! ' What!' said my mother; ' surely you don't mean it. This is utter foolishness, and I won't consent to it. I am only thinking of your health, Mr. Roland, so you needn't laugh.' 'And I don't consent either, for I have just as much right to be the " happy" one as you have, and' 'Stay a moment, Harry; not so fast. You will remember, I dare say, when we last squabbled over some thing or other in India I gave in to you, but on the condition that you would follow suit when the next turn came.' 'That's true enough, old fellow; but you would not insist' 'Oh, wouldn't I though, especially as Amy said I daren't pass a night there alone—so now let tho subject be dropped until to-night.' . . . . It would take too long to go through the items of that day's programme; besides, as I said before, I only want to touch on those subjects which concerned Darcy Roland. That night Amy and the others, including a few friends who had dropped in during the evening, decided to stay up till 1 o'clock, for their curiosity had been greatly roused by the hearing of some new features in the rumours that had already been so widely spread. Many begged to be allowed to accom pany Darcy, but he of course refused them, saying that it would spoil everything if more than one person entered the room at once. Just before 12 ho led me aside and said, ' You see how eager these people are to accompany me ? Now I want you to give me your word that you will not allow anyone to come np even the first flight of stairs; I don't want this business to fall through again through not taking proper precautions.' He had grown quite serious while speaking, and somehow I couldn't help fearing that something was going to happen this time, but kept from saying so. I begged him to let me take his place, but he stoutly refused. ' It's no use harping on that chord,' he said, 'for I have made up my mind to see the thing through; so pledge me your word like a good fellow, and I shall feel more at ease.' Reluctantly I gave him the required promise, and he continued, ' Should I feel anything out of the common I will warn you by ringing tho bell once; if I see anything I will ring twice, and you may get ready to como up; but if you hear tho bell peal out three times rush up as fast as legs can cany you, for I shall then need your aid to the very last degree.' 'It shall bo as you desire, Darcy. Now aro you quite suro that your revolver is in proper trim, and have you everything you require V ' Yes, everything is in perfect order, so an rcvoir. Mind, I rely on your word;' saying which he left ua. But do you think wo stayed by tho dining-room firo? Rather not; we crowded round the foot of tho staircase, anxiously waiting for—what? I don't know, but we certainly expected some thing awful. I took up my position about three stairs in front of tho others, so that I might the more easily prevent anyone passing. Somebody made a weak attempt at a joke, but he alone smiled, and the smile withered away on his face; a fit of melan cholia had seized on the company. Half past 12 Bounded — nothing had happened; wo were beginning to feel a bit re lieved. One or two of the company now began to make for the fire to get a ' last warm' before turning in to roost. Suddenly the bell pealed out once. A frantic rush for the stairs followed, but I managed to keep them back, explaining as hastily as I could how I was situated; but while I was speaking the bell rang out again, followed immediately after by another and another peal. With one impulse we rushed npstairs; I Bimply flew, for I knew Darcy was not the sort of man to ring thrice unless in the last extremity. Not waiting to turn the latch, I threw my whole weight against the door, which fell in with a crash. Hastily scanning the room I could see nothing. I struck a light, and then what a night met my gaze! There was Darcy on tho floor, half on his stomach, half in a sitting posture, supported on his hands, one of which grasped his revolver: in the other was the bell-rope torn from the ceiling. His head and shoulders were stretched forward to their utmost, the muscles of his face most horribly contorted, hair on end, and his eyes starting from their sockets. I took all this in at a glance : then rushing to his* side—' Darcv what has happened? speak!' I shrieked". 'Look! Look!!! Oh God!' This in a low husky voice. Following the direction of his eyos, I could see nothing. '"What is it? where 'r' but as I received no reply I grasped his hands. They woro as oold na ioe. I tried to raise him, but hiu limbs were as rigid as if cut out of marble. A fearful terror seized me. I placed my hand on his heart: not the faintest pulsation. 'Good God, he is dead!' I shrieked as the others came tumbling in over the fallen door; and from that moment I lost all consciousness. They carried him down stairs, but were unable to get him out of that awful pose in which I had found him. When I camo round I could hardly believe that it waa not all a horrible dream, but one glance at poor Darcy was sufficient to prove too clearly the awful reality. Only to think that he who only half an hour previous was in the best of of health and spirits, strong and in his very prime, now lay dead, stricken by some un seen agency —and what an awful death! Nobody can over know what caused his death. Tradition says that ono or two similar attempts have been made to fathom the mystery, but in each case the unfortunate per son was found stark dead, just as Darcy was, with his eyes fixed in an awful stare on a certain spot on one of the opposite walls. There was one exception, and it differed as follows:—They found tho man perfectly mad, staring at the snmo place, as good as dumb, for he never said more than the words 'Oh God!' and 'Look!' He lingered on only for three days, and as his end drew nigh he was seized with most awful spasms, not unlike those in the last stages of cholera and hydrophobia; and, to add to his misery, tho whole of what he had seen on that fatal night again passed before his eyes, and ho died in most fearful agony and terror. Nobody slept a wink that night—indeed, tho greater number stayed in front of the dining-room firo until tho first gray streaks of morning streamed in through tho shutterless windows. Tho shock had such an effect on my mother that for a long time her life was despaired of by the doctors, and though sho lingered on for some years she never got over the effects of it. Poor Amy nearly lost her reason with grief, for she had got to like Darcy very much; moreover, his prophetic words, 'To-morrow morning you will sing quite another song,' came back to her with terrible force, and she could not help laying his death at her own door, ' for had I not dared him to do it he would now be alive and among us once more,' cried Bhe. " So you see, Dick Summers," said the Cap tain when he had finished his story, " I couldn't go back to India again. Anything to do with the army always brings up Darcy's faco as I saw it that night, so I decided to make a thorough break in my life, and to follow a calling of some sort or other where nothing would remind me of him. Therefore I came out here, and you will now understand why I prefer the monotony of station lifo to tho mess room and its associates." 