R.C. MORTUARY CHAPEL AT ROOKWOOL). AN ADDRESS ON PURGATORY AND PRAYER FOR THE DEAD. A ceremony ot peculiar interest was per formed on Sunday afternoon by Cardinal Moran in the Roman Catholic portion of the Rookwood Cemetery. We refer to thedayine and blessing of the corner stone of a mortuary cbapel, which is to be used for funeral ceremonies and memorial services. This chapel, which is to be of a handsome and costly description, is being erected hv .the Roman Catholic lay and clerical trustees of the ceme- tcry. The fact that it is the first of the kind in Australia invests the erection of the building with a special importance, aud it is not unlikely the example will he ! followed by Roman Catholics elsewhere, The buildiug according to .the plaus consists of a uavc 40ft. long by 20ft. broad, u sanctuary with a semi-circular euding 22ft. by '16ft., and a commodious vestry. Bpceiul attention has been paid to the means of entrance- aud exit, there being three wide doorways with pointed arches, leading into the nave, one being at the west end aud the other two being on the right aud left hand side of the chancel arch, ont of which the bodies will be: taken, aud which doors, are specially designed for the thorough ventilation of the building. One very noticeable feature about the structure is that i the entrances are ao arranged that no steps will he required, the ground being prettily terraced round the build ing, and the approaches thereto will be inclined planes of a very easy grade. Following the precedence of .the best examples in the Old World the design ot the Mortuary Chapel is treated in a chaste yet ornamental manner, the style chosen, "Transition Gothic," allowing of a very effective rendering. The west cud has a wide entrance door with columns and foliated caps and elaborately moulded arch stones and label mould, with a panel over to con tain a suitable iucription. On cither side of the door are two large niches with handsome canopies to contain statues of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Joseph. The gable is treated in a special manner, the whole being covered with carved diapers, with a beautifully-proportioned quatrefoil window to light the uaVe being placed in tho centre. The knee stones of tho coping are quaintly de veloped into two pedestals to support statuc3 of the Angels of Hope and Mer6y; The gable is terminated by au' effective Celtic cross. The side elevation'of the chapel is divided into three bays by buttresses, two bays containing traceried two-light windows, and the third bay being occupied by .the doors, simi lar iii desigu to . the front door. The chancel arch has two twin columns on cither side with moulded bases and foliated caps supporting a moulded arch with large cusping. Over the chancel i3 placed a bell turret strongly aud gracetully constructed to support a statue of the Angol of tho Resurrection. The sanc tuary is terminated in a semicircular npse con taining three tracery windows, and will group veiy picturesquely with the. main building. The roof is designed in the transition style, with tracery and cusp and turned and moulded shafts acting ns queen posts, with moulded hammer beams and carved brackets springing from foliated stono. ..corbels. The floor, will be laid in black and white marble slabs (Kilkenny and Sicilian marbles), well - bedded ou concrete arches. The com- munion-rail will be of wrought iron specially designed. All tho windows will be -filled iu with stained glass of an appropriate design. The latest appliaucea in ventilation havo been brought into use. The building is being con structed of the best colored Pyrmout stone, the dressings being rubbed aud the main walls being .of Gin. pitch- faced work, . the internal being built of Gin. rubbed, and polished work.. Two holy water stoups are provided near tho entrance door— and a sacrarium will bo provided in tho vestry. The roof is covered with slates. When complete Ibis church will bo an architectural gem. The architects are Messra.Shceriu and Henuessy. The cost of the chapel will be about £4000. The contractors are Messrs. Robert Sime aud John Devitt. The proceedings began on Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock, the Cardiual, iu laying the stone witli the customary religious ceremony, being assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, the Rev. D. P. Quirk, M.A. (trustee), tho Rev. Father Furlong (Rookwood cemetery chaplain) and tho Rev. K Le lteunetel, S.M., (St. Patrick's, Sydney.) The solemnities pf the stone-laying being over, the Rev. Father Le Rennetcl, from a platform, delivered on address appropriate to tho occasion. the roman catholic view op the world beyond the grave. . Father ,Lo Rennetcl announced as his text "It is a holy aud a wholesome thought to pray for the dead that they inay bo 16oscd from their sins" (Maccabees, 12 chapter, 46 verse) and addressed the assemblage as follows You hare come here to-day to make, an , -act of faith, to manifest your practical belief in one of the articles of the Apostles' Orced, to show ex- teriorily ' your belief iu the communion ' of saints and iu the efficacy of prayer. For of what use would it bo for you to build a house of prayer here over the dead unless you be lieved in the existence net only of heaven and heli, but of a middle state beyond the grave, and . unless _ the prtmptingB of your hearts and consciences told you that it was " holy and wholesome " to pray for the dead that thoy may be freed from their suffer ings. The words of Holy Scripture I have just quoted are employed by the church to remind her children that beyond the tomb they may have friends, aud dear ones — friends who may be in the torment and trial of the cleansing - Area of purgatory, and who might otherwise be forgotten by those who have power on earth( to make intercession on their behalf. The1 questions aro often asked by our sepa rated brethreu, " Is there sucln a place as purgatory, and what- it it?" It is not my intention to urovo thero is such a place. If 1 wanted lo do' so I could call'Tti as iny authorities first the Holy Scriptures, and thou the great doctors of the church. If I . wanted to support the arguments and proofs of ; the great lights of Christendom, of St. Thomas, St Ambroso, St. Aiffiftitino anil St. Gregory, I would press iuto 'my service the unanimous vocie of the whole Catholic world. The faith and the. devotion of Catholic nations for suc cessive centuries, the unqualified, unquestioning and uushaken' belief of millions of men and women surely add weight and value to the teaching of the church in regard to the middle state of souls. But putting Catholicity, its doctrines and practises aside, and going farther back iu the world's history, have wo not even the Pagan voices, have wo not Plato, Virgil and Homer and other philofophers declaring their belief in this regard iu a manner differing little from the doctrine of tho church? Yes, all these authorities, ancient, aud modern, l'ngan and Christian, proclaim that there is a place of puuishmeut where some souls must be . purified before they appear iu the presence of Uod. If I opened the holy books they would certainly answer ine — thero 19 a pur gatory. This tenet of onr church, this belief of humanity is written in glowing charactora in many pages of the inspired Scriptures. Our Lord, after healing- a man who was possessed by the devil, had to reproach the Pharisees with their incredulity aud obstinacy, and he said to thein, " He that. Hhall speak against the Holy Ghost,- - it shall not bo forgiven him ueither in this world, nor in the world to come." From this it is clear that sins are forgiveu iu the next world ; but as sin is not admitted into heaven, and ns it is not for given in hell, it follow?', therefore, from the testimony of uncreated truth, that there is a middle state in which sins are forgiven. This middle state we call purgatory. Tho peni tent thief ou the cross said to our Blessed Redeemer, "LordJ remember me when Thou Bhalt come into Thy kingdom." And Jesus said to him, "And I say to thee, this day thou shalt be with Me in paradise." That our Lord did not ineau heaven by paradise is evident from what lie said -to., jllary Magdalen the day of His resurrection, three days after uttering those remarkable words, "Do nof touch, for I have not yet ascended to my Father." St. Peter reminds us of that doctrine when he said, " Christ died once for our sins- being put to death in the flesh, but brought to life by the spirit, in which also he came and "preached to those spirits who were in prison." Thcso words clearly again iudicate thero was a prison in which the souls of tho faithful were imprisoned when Christ preachod doiivcrauce. Si. Paul preached the same dogma when he said that some shall be saved, but " so as by tire." It must be remembered that tho Catholic church- did not originate the belief iu the existence of Purgatory. We iiud it indicated and clearly defined iu the Old Testament. After fighting a battle for the independence of his conntry, Judas. Maccahmus "making a gathering, sent twelve thousand drachms of silver to Jerusalem for sacrifice to be offered for the sins of the dead. . , It is, therefore, a holy and a - wholesome thought to pray for tho dead that thoy may be loosed from their sins " Now, whether you admit the books of Ibe Mac cabees to be iuspired writings, or accept them as merely historical, it will not alter the fact thus set forth, that the .lews not ontv believed in purgatory, but prayed for their dead. But .apart from scriptural or historical authorities, this belief is supported by the holiest aud ten dered sentiments of our nature. It is not a pleasing thought to imagine some loved one suffering puiu" in expiation of unatoncd sins; bat, on the other hand, what more beau tiful or more noble than a sympathetic soul on earth offering prayer in piety and charity to tne throne of the Most High for some one who had passed away to the great eternity. They were not much out of the way those who styled purgatory a transi tory kind of bell, because the principal pains of the damned are to bo found there, with this only difference, that in bcil the pains are eternal, whilst in purgatory they are only transitory and fleeting. "What can those poor souls do but moan and suffer? It is hard enough for us poor wan derers in this valley of tears to be separated for a few days from the dear ones to whom we have given hospitality iu the sanctuary of onr love. We think of them, we dream of them. Their thought is always like a fleeting cloud hanging about us. Their absence pours a kind of saduesa over our greatest rejoicings and troubles, our very hours of rest. How terrible the torture and the anguish of the suffering souls. Poor exiles, when will they reach their homes, poor orphans when will they see their father ! They are severed from every thing, they have no one to condole with them. How unspeakably cruel to the dead, how humiliating to ourselves is our neglect and forgetfulness of our sacred obligations I Surely it is not Christian, it is not human, to make our motto " Out of sight out of mind ?" " Pray for me when I am gone," is the last request of the dying man to those nearest and dearest to him, and the fulfilment of this sacred office of love, affection and gratitude affords 10 the living a consolation greater and a gratification more intense than ail ordinary -forms of pleasure, while to the departed soul the pious prayers of a loving heart to heaven are precious and beneficent beyond all expression. Let us not forget that the souls in Purgatory- are utterly helpless. They cannot help them selves, and they hold out their hands to us in supplication and call ou ns to aid their release by our i ravers. Iu Purgatory the poor souls may shed tears of fire ; they may address toithe Almighty prayers of love. They cannot ad vance by au hour, by a second, the moment of their deliverance. " Oh I all of you who pass by the way attend and see if there is a sorrow like to that sorrow." And we on earth— many of us careless and indifferent — we pass on our way and we forget that there- are hands stretched towards us asking for assistance. And who are they with those souls that cry out to us? They are the souls of men, and itisM enough to excite our compassion. But, more over, they aro the souls of our friends, of our relatives, of our brothers, by faith aud by blood. Forgive' me if I reopen those wounds that are still lialf-hcaied, if I speak of the dear ones you have parted with; it is but to make you come to their help and pray and suffer for them. Do you uot recognise their voices ? It 13 the voice of your father whom you tried by all available means to keep in the midst of you. It is the voice of your sister who was the charm, the consolation of your life. It is the voice of oue who, perhaps, through weak ness and too great an affectiou towards you fell .into sin. If they arc in those flames, it is be- 'cause of you. Listen, listcu to their supplica tions. " Have pity on me — you at least who are my friends ; have pity on me, you my sister, you my-brother, you my sou, you my daughteri" Hundreds in the years to come will bless our Cardinal Archbishop for building thi9 House of God and thus making the resting place of the dead holy and beautiful. Here the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass will be offered, and here loving souls will come to pray for the dear ones dead, but not forgotten. It will be a place of sacred sorrow aud holy memories, and the prayers aud supplications offered iu this chapel oa behalf of the souls departed will come back from heaven in a .shower of graces aud blessings on ourselves. After a few brief remarks by Cardinal Moran, the proceedings terminated. There was no collection, the whole expense of the erection of the mortuary chapel being undertaken by the Roman Catholic trustees, but some freewill offerings were received by the Rev. Father Furlong in aid of the neighboring Roman Catholic school-church. 