r ,Lady B:;'S:Butler':, : . fo issa f. is a pretty heiress, whoso name for ob- ious reasoe we must sut ress p p r. r. ia young diplomatistwlho fanciesho haes eveiry bhane of benming an ambassador before the set-of his short-cropped locks has deserted him. Mr. B. heard of Miss M.L as being the owner of a wonderfully beautiful diamond necklace, and also as possessing more personal attractions than are supposed tobelong to any hut interesting piupers. Miss 'L, on tho other hand, bad been informed that Mr. R. was a t very decent sort of a fellow, with the smallest o mouMt possible of Foreign Office swagger. They met for the first time under Lady .'sa roof, and surveyed each other with mutual interest from opposite aides of an elaborately t decorated dinner- table. The necklace came ap to Mr. L's expectations, but their owner spassed them. aot only was she pretty, but ,ie viracious, and evidently amusing--not a t minted, dressed-up doll, like the woman be. side him, got up for admiration and incapable 1I of conversation. Not being accustomed to ad mire without some sort of return, he left the o dull to the tender mercies of her lefthand eighbor, and devoted his attention to Miss )I. They had grown quite friendly, over 5i o'del;c tea, and now exchngldssdtoleerapshic signs cross the table about any episodes that anme during the dindr. r. I? . thought he e getting on, and became so engrossed that hernelected hisfavorite entrdeandhad scarcely a had tune to do justice to the saddle of mutton. But when the regulation ice- cream had made it, round he noticed a sudden change in the lid opplsite to him. She turned as white as her own handkerchief, and leaned back in her chair, silent and abstracted, with wide-open eves and parted lips. For the rest of tihe time ,s3 scarcely talked at all, and seemed ina rutleof rallying: but she shook her head when u made a sign that he was ready to assist her ,Tt of the roem, and kept her seot till the ladies roe and filed slowly through the door. lie would have given much to follow them at nace, because his curiosity was vividly roused. lie was sure there was some mystery behind the scenes, for she looked as if she had re idred a shock-seen a ghost; or discovered an ?wished-for friend. As soon as he could get aay he looked round the drawing-room, and, esieg Miss M. sitting apart from the other lades, and turning over the leaves of a photo mph book in evident preoccupation, he made his way so her, and standing before her, so as to shield her from observation, asked in alow nice if he could do anything for her. She looked up in surprise. "Thanks, I d~ot want anything." "But you are annoyed or ill-one or the otae. I shall never forietyourlookatdinner." "Did any one notice it " eagerly. "nt a soul, except myself. Of couroe, I d't wish to force your confidence, but if It ante of any serice to you- " "No one can do me any good," hurriedly. "Oly I wish to Heaven I hadl never come!" He leoked at her with genuine compassion fa he saw that she was shivering from hesd toaloot. ,0X Itct" irady I 5. - ' I Sot for the world. I would tell ou, only a-would think me so foolish,' looking d to be sure that no one could overhear. "I promise you I won't," earnestly, as hl A a chair and sat down just in front of her; Sth. she should not have to raise her voice nay tell me." 'It was only a dream," with the ghost of a SLast night I thought I was being noered for the sake of this necklace," play Snerrously with the diamonds round he itethroat, "and I woke up struggling with nan-a man with a long chin and reddish B. I felt I should know im anywhere, and aw him to-day at dinner," with a shudder, Iding the liqueur." "Why that was Bird, the butler. You fd'be afraid of him ?"-' : "I am,"looking upat him with terror in her eyes. "I am sure he will try to murder to-nLght I can't go to bed. I should sdle my eyes," and she shivered again. "You can go to bed and sleep in perfect menca. I tell you what Il do for you," m r. . smiled, feeling that he was aimngý cble effort. "Our rooms lie on the samo m .id. I have heaps of letters to write rInucrk-so that I must sit up. Ill keep dT ajar, which won't be noticed, as there lht in the passage, and my ear are so \- that I would defy any one to pass it at my knowing it Will that content YoT are very kind; but he might wait till lttens are finished." . at will maks no difference. Ipromise p tiUlmy hot water's brought. Wiflthat Syou!" mbt that's too much." at all. If you tell me in the morning yo1'e hed a g ed night," with a pleanaht Sl eoatl feel amply rewarded; besides, do tbl less sleep than most people, and Srte take it out before luncheon." ., i It. expostulated, but he would.not being quite excited at. the idea of g a service to such a pretty girl; and thse gatet separated for the night, and njoyped "I haven't forgotten," she gave " chaminnge a look of gratitude that his S aarttecrd lie a schoolboy'a. dlocl a.m., with a decaying fire and th solacef a pipe. He had written three letters just to save his conscience, 1 Lifortad beensogroat that he wouldn't t -cn another t save his life. In order I re Mis. M., who might be on the he had left the smoki? roomonTre. f h eadacl, and etablished himseelf in ceoi ilhig:ht. Smokling and sleep i lts out of the que,tion, and two l I h liid never ,pent in his whole lie heard drs opening and shut eo sirs, a suppressed laugh at the i ' told amidst tobncco smoke, the I adý palocsi o feet in different direc. * sdthecilence. ° being no longer there with her nd her small fignre all of a tremble d nhis feewlins, hes ean to feel his ermelyridiculou. H eis excitement anbed dea, his compassion waned like ; but, infinitly bored and intensely he bound by hi promisto a rL n acunt of dream! He a d Oeth his lingers running through his ehair, and his mouth distended in t yawn, if anybody had ever Sman being vietimised by somebody .It was arrant nonsense, and he tovein to it. `o, not quite that atb of compnnction, or the girl orried herself into fits; ut he bae reasoned with her, or suggested S. a adoge in her room. Lady ouldhave been sure to bark if a th h lqueahed and would have howled aion at the cight of a burgher. A ut thoght of tt; but ropposing ice SBid'e ratitude would have been idet and not to himself, and he iedho a winu io Another yawn, till ihe had cracked his jaws. The fire Ont, he was afraid to stir it, but he en'ight ticle itwith the poker. He cooui and was stretching out his c ser whnhen hheard a sound in *de 5began to think his nervous Sde ed, for he had never believed the mallest reason for hi watching. end was repeated, and sent anUn 1thrll through his veins. He got to 5loelessly, thanks to his sliipers, So opening it any further, peered ack lie could scarcely believec ,leen ho saw Bird, the butler, carrying ie highbheeled b oots in his hand. rely something in the dream after waited till the man actually stopped leer and placed his hand on the *ith one stride he nasly his side. are you doin g here l' he said in a , Starieg the butler straight in the S.rtnle turned perfectly livid, and iall from his shaking ingers, but "Mret effort after composure, and \- lea his voie adhe said: "ILhad t oed up the bts efore, sir, and I w afraid the otungmlady might want them the firsttlhing in the morning.' , , "'If sah did it wouldn't be your business to bring them. You must be mad or drunk, and. I shall report you to your master to-morrow." 'wThe nan's under lip shook and his eyes shifted uneasily. "I meant noharm ," ho said sulleoly. a ho stopped to pick up tho boots. But Mr. I. stopped him on a'suddn im pulse. " Leave them hero and go oil at once." Bird seemed inclined to remonsteate, and oven stretched out his hand again as if to take the boots, but D[r. It. signed to him to go, with a sgnifinnt frown. The butler slunk down the passage, giving a backward look as ho turned the corner. Mlr. R. watched him out of sight; then picked up the boots and carried them to the gaslight. Nothing in tlhe first, a dainty, innocentcover ing for a pretty foot; but something hard rattled in one of them as they dropped upon the floor, and he was not much surprised to find in the second along, pointed knife. As he drew it out and scratched his finger with the sharp edge his blood turned cold as ho thought of the girl's white throat and a crimson gash. If'it hed not been for a dream that girl. would have been brutally murdered in her bed. li. ? ;: thought it right o toll te 'cireum stonces of the case toLord add Lady 3. Miss L 'agred' with him, but said she would go home before he spoke, to avoid a fuss. As soon as she had 'left the house the story was told, and Lady B. nearly went into hysterics. Lord B. said there was not sufficient eridence'to support a charge of murder, but he declined to have his enterprising butler any longer in the bous.., He therefore dismissed him at once on another 'prtext, and Mr. George Bird is now on the lookout for anotherlace, whore he may cut a throat when ho feels inclined with no troublesome third party to interfere.. A nice thought for those who are about to engage a butler. " Ti his. story is true, only a few trifling detailso having, been, altered and the proper names suppressed.: Mr. Bird is the only porson. con cerned in it who would be able to bring an action for libel against mee but for his own sake he is likely to keep quiet. 