? AN OLD-FASHIONED STORY ABOUT AN OLD LADY AND A LITTLE BOY. WRITTEN FOR THE Colonist. Somewhere on the north coast of Ireland there is a small parish with about three or four square miles of good land in it. This little parish is bounded on the we3t by a beautiful lake ; beyond this lake rise dreary-looking mountains, the highest peaks of which for more than half the year are white with snow. Part of the northern boundary is low sand hills, the remainder grand, but desolate looking rocks, against which the great Atlantic waves thunder always, making strange echoes in curious caves. The eastern and southern boundaries are much alike; mountains about six hundred feet high, scantily covered with vegetation, but well stocked with game. Between forty and fifty years ago a large farm-house in this parish was the home of a shy little boy about ten years of age. At that time two elderly married ladies were in the habit of visiting this little boy's mother. In those days it was customary for such ladies when they visited their friends to kiss not only the babies and girls, but boys up to ten, or if he were a favoured boy, up to twelve years of age. The youngest of these two ladies had had some children of her own, both boyB and girls, but had lost them all, and had adopted a little niece which she indulged too much. The little boy disliked this lady very much, although she seemed anxious to make friends with him. However, the more she tried to make friends with him the more be disliked her. The other lady waB much older. The little boy had no idea how old she may have been, but her hair was quite white, and the little boy thought her very beautiful and liked her very much, although she never kissed him and did not talk much to him. Upon one occasion these two ladies happened to meet at the little boy's mother's. When he went into the room there were only the two ladies and the little girl present. The youngest lady was more persistent than usual in her endeavours to make friends with the little boy ; she not only kissed him and nureed him, but wanted to make him a present of a nice pocket knife. Most boys like pocket knives. At all events thiB boy did, but he disliked the lady so much, and he was such a sulky young savage, that he refused to accept the knife. I think the little girl did not wish him to accept it, and she had a way of imitating his sulky looks that was very aggravating. When he got his liberty, he was hot and angry, quite ready to fight his own Bhadow, or ready for any boyish mischief. When about to leave the room, the old lady asked him to pick up a ball of cotton or wool for her ; she almost always was knitting. However angry he may have been with others, he was sure to do what the old lady asked him to do, and willingly enough because he liked her, and thought it an honour to be noticed by her. This time he did more than she asked. Instead of leaving the room at once aB he intended, he stopped beside the old lady's chair, she had not asked him to stop, but he thought she wished to talk to him. In those days mesmerism and spiritrapping, and thought-reading were not much heard of, but there was a good deal of the same sort of thing under different names. There was a pretty general belief in ghosts, in fairies, in magic, etc» The little boy thought this old lady was a good magician, who could make anyone good if she liked. He could hardly tell what she talked about this time, his mind was in too much of a whirl for that. However, she soon vanished the bad spirit, and made him forget the other lady and her impish neice. Indeed, he quite believed afterwards that she took him into fairyland. He did not know how long she kept him in fairyland, but when she led him out of fairyland, or when he could distinguish the real from the unreal, he was smoothing her beautiful hair as if she were his mother. And then, without any regard for what she was saying, or whether she was at the beginning, or in the middle, or at the end of her story, he suddenly kissed her and fled for his life, and took refuge in a hay-loft. In one end of this loft there was a small window that overlooked the garden. He tried to get out at this window, but it was too small. Had he been able to get out, he would have tried to get down among the fruit trees, and perhaps had some of his bones broken, but he wa3 not allowed much time for any desperate enterprise ; before he had withdrawn from the window, he was called to tea. It was some comfort to him that neither his mother or any of his brothers or sisters knew how he had blundered. When he went back to the house he was quite subdued, and would have been glad to make some atonement for his bad behaviour to tbe youngest lady. It she had repeated her offer of the pocketknife, he would have accepted it However, although she did not seem displeased, she took very little notice of him, and the little girl did not grin at him. The old lady seemed to have forgotten him. During tea she talked more than usual, and as her conversation was addressed mainly to the other lady, the little boy could not help trying to imagine what outlandish thing this lady would do if the old lady Bhould take her into fairyland ; but she did not. He thought she did not take long enough, and she only showed she knew he was at the table by asking him to pass something she needed. When he was leaving the table she asked him what books he had read. There was a large volume of iEsop's Fables that had a picture on every page. This book had had more of his attention than any other. He therefore let her understand that he was fairly well read in yE3op's Fables, and knew a little about Robinson Crusoe. She made no remark, and he went out. When she was leaving she asked his mother to bring him with her when she came to visit her (the old lady), and she asked the little boy to bring ^Esop's Fables. He was delighted. It would have been scarcely possible for anything to have given him greater pleasure, but he soon found that this pleasure was not without some alloy. This book was not in a very good state of preservation when he began to use it, and he had not improved the appearance of the book. He was careful enough of it. He did not tear it, and he put it away when he had done with it, but he was in the habit of marking his dislike to some of the characters by disfiguring the pictures in various ways. For example, he looked upon the wolf that quarrelled with the lamb and killed it, as a cowardly wretch, and he smeared its picture with ink to make it look like a devil. Indeed, he quite believed it was a devil. When engaged in this artistic work he sometimes smeared more of the book than he intended, and the effect was not pleasing. He was sorry for this now, as he would have liked a clean book to show the old lady. But there was no help for it, so he straightened out the dogs' ears as well as he could, and got his sister to put a clean calico cover on it, and when the time came presented himself to the old lady with -iJSsop under his arm, schoolboy faBhion. She seemed pleased and took the book, but did not open it. Of course the old lady knew all about ^Esop's Fables. Indeed, the little boy would not have been. the least surprised had he been told that she knew all the contents of all the books that had ever been printed, or, for that matter, ever will be printed. There was a flaw in hia logic or he would have seen if this was the case she must know that he had smeared the picture?. Fortunately for his peace of mind he was not a logician, and he wa3 pleased to see that she did not open the book, and that she held it so that she could only see the clean calico cover. And she only asked one question about it. As though it was a catechism she asked, " Which is the first fable ?" He answered promptly " The cock and the jewel," and showed by his manner he was prepared to stand a searching examination. But she had some nice pigeons to show him, and put the book on a side table among some other books where it was not much seen. This was his introduction to the old lady's home, and I can say with more truth than moBt story-tellers, "they were great friends ever after." Ever after meant about two years. Although thiB good old lady never had any family of her own, she had true motherly interest and feeling, at any rate she understood this little boy as no one else ever understood him. She knew how to repress the evil and bring out what was good in him. With the other lady he was stubborn, rebellious, unmanagable. With the old lady he waB gentle and generous. She seemed to understand boys and all their ways. There was no one to whose judgment the little boy would with more confidence have submitted his bag of marbles. She knew the beBt sort and how to play—what was fair, and what was cheating. Indeed she knew BO much about them that the little boy thought she must have played marbles when a girl. But his logic was at fault here again because she knew just as much about feats of skill and strength. Racing, jumping, etc., and no one could have made him believe she had taken part in such games. He often wondered how it was that one so gentle and refined should take so much interest in such things. She seemed to have a real admiration for what was strong and healthy. She often talked to the little boy about the blessing of health and the beauty of strength, and hoped her little friend (that was what Bhe called him) would grow up to be a strong and healthy man, and that he would make a good use of his health and strength. Healthy, strong boys seldom try to take care of their health and this boy •was no exception to the rule. However, the old lady gave him a lesson on this subject that he could never forget. To explain the nature of that lesson I must refer to times and circumstances happily gone forever. I am writing about a time so long past, a place so far away, when and where everything was so different from what it is here and now, that it is not easy to make oneself clearly understood. Where this good old lady lived there were a great many very poor people. There were no destitute boards, no rescue committees of benevolent ladies, etc., and no doctors in practice within reach, and no money to pay for their services if they had been. No one in authority troubled about these poor people. They lived and died in misery and wretchedness, and there were sceneB of wretchedness then that would have rivalled anything described by the writer of the " Bitter Cry of Outcast London." The good old lady did what she could for these poor people. She not only clothed and fed them so far as she had power to do so, but also gave them advice and medicine. Among her patients was a blind boy who was also a little deaf, and was about the size of the old lady's little friend. The blind boy happening to be at the old lady's on one occasion when her little friend visited her, she took him into a room and told him to take off his jacket. She then turned up the left sleeve of his shirt as far over his shoulder as possible, and fastened it with a pin, and told him she was going to take him where the blind boy was, and that he must not speak or make any noise while he was there. The floors was heavily carpeted to prevent any noiae that would disturb her husband, who was a minister and writer of books. The blind boy was standing at a table with his right hand in a basin of water and his arm covered with a towel. She placed her little friend with his back square towards the blind boy's. She then took his left hand in her own left hand, and with her right removed the towel and lifted the blind boy's hand out of the basin, and then held the two arms a little way apart, as if for comparison. Her little friend was so horrified at what he saw that he could scarcely help an exclamation, and his hand closed upon the old lady's fingers with a grip that must have hurt her. However, she took no notice of it, but put the blind boy's hand back into the basin, covered his arm with the towel, and with her face close to his ear told him she would be with him again in a few minutes. She never gave a word of explanation to her little friend or even mentioned the blind boy's name to hitn again. In answer to his sorrowful look at her squeezed fingers she laughed a little, and rubbed her fingers up and down his arm to bring back their shape, but she never touched him with the hand that held the blind boy's until she had washed it. After putting his shirt-sleeve right she told him to put on his jacket, go into the garden, and help the old servant and the blind boy's sister to get some fruit a-d vegetables, which she wished to send home with the boy. Her little friend was in a terrible state about what he had seen. He had intense compassion for the blind boy, and of course he could not speak about what he had seen to anyone else without the old lady's permission. To speak of anything that had passed between the old lady and himself to anyone else would have been a profane thing in his eye3. He had some pennies in his pocket, and he wanted to give these to the blind boy's sister. Some of these miserable people were doubly cursed by being proud as well as poor. This was a great coarse girl, almost a woman. She looked indignantly at the little boy, and asked him what he meant by offering his pennies to her. There was no answer, but the old servant, who had acquired some of her mistress's tact, came to the rescue. She said perhaps he wanted her to buy aomething for her brother. The expression of the girl's face changed instantly. " Well," she said, " if you wished me to get a present for Willie, why didn't you say so ?" He held out the pennies and she took them. After another good stare, "Well," she said, "you are a goodnatured little chap if you are a stupid." This was rather a mixed compliment, but the girl did not know the cause of this seeming stupidity, and the boy was little concerned about what she said so long as she took the pennies. However, a few pennies could do little to relieve the poor blind boy's sufferings, and the old lady's little friend understood this. The sight he had seen seemed to haunt him day and night. He thought about it and dreamt about it. At last he discovered a plan for getting the blind boy cured if he could only carry it out. Strange as it may seem, a retired navy doctor had made his home in this parish. He was said to be very clever as a doctor, but was a very wild man, swore dreadfully, and had an intense dislike to boys. The little boy of his own knowledge knew that the doctor disliked boys. He had spikes on the back rail of his gig to prevent boys from riding on it, and when he passed the school children he used to fling his whip over hia shoulder to drive off any boy who might be holding on and running behind. He had been wounded in the neck, and could not turn his head to look behind him. The little boy'a plan was to ask this terrible doctor to cure the blind boy. The little fellow had enormous faith. He never doubted but the doctor could cure the blind boy. He waited several times for the dootor, intending to Bpeak to him, but let him go past without speaking. (To be concluded.) < 