Sftetcfoer. The Canary Isles* AT 11 o'clock we started for Puerto Oro- • tava, on tbc north side of the island, twenty four miles nway. We bad a'covered carriage, j a bungling dingy, ramshackle old vehicle, ' not uncomfortable, however, drawn by three Wiry little horses harnessed abreast. A regu lar stage—being a familiar looking Broadway omnibus, built by Stephenson & Co., of New York—and odd enough it was to see it here —runs daily between Santa Cruz and Ora tava, fare about five shillings and ninepence j for each passenger. But it is a disagreeable I way to go. The lumbering omnibus is liable to be full of garJic smelling Spaniards and their bundles. So we preferred to pay twen ty-seven shillings and have a carriage to our- j selves. For the first five or six miles it was a steady uphill pull. The road zig zags about, doubling and turning on itself contin ually, so as to diminish the steepness by increasing the length, climbing 2,000 feet up the side of the mountain to the village of Laguna. The country traversed thus far is rocky, arid and barren in the extreme. But one consequence of the absence of shade trees is that views are uninterrupted. The city was plainly in sight all the way, sometimes on one side and sometimes on the other as the road wound about, but gradually dimin ishing, and the horizon line of . the ocean gradually pushing itself further and further away as we ascended. Finally we passed over the brow of the mountain ridge and i presently were jolting over the grass grown, j rough stone pavements of Laguna, surely the v sleepiest old town in even the Spanish Domin ions. It: was once the capital, of the Island. | Marquises and counts dwelt here, arid it was the home of the Adclantado". or Governor, whose palace, built :over 400 years ago, still remains, n moss grown old mansion. But Laguna is of the pnst. Its glory! is departed. Yet in Summer it is still quite a place of resort/for the citizens of Sifhta Cruz, attracted thither by the oool and bracing atmosphere* of its heights. "X Here one of our horses was found to^have loosened a shoe, and we had to wait anfiour or more to havo it replaced. Our carriage was drawn up under the shade of a wall, Whilo the smith tinkered thcshoc. Nothing is done in a hurry in this country.' The sole response to complaints and adjurations is " Patienza, Senhor." But by and by the driver came back, leading his horse with shiny new shoes, saud once more wo started. Soon the appearance of the country changed. In place of the stony, parched hill sides were green fields. Water was abundant, and the soil was clothed in rich vegetation. Palm trees and ncsmcroes waved their long, graceful crowns in the air. Wo were beyond the region of tbc cactus, and wheat and corn nnd potatoes and beans wcrc'ni their green-' est growth. The spring-like smell of the warm, newly turned earth was delicious. We Were on a,long plateau-, 2,000 feet above the sea. To our loft were the mountains, and on our right we caught glimpses between the hills of tbo ocean furbelow us.... And so. for miles we rode through a most charming land scape. -" , ' - J1 ' At about 3 o'clock, we stopped at a way side inn for dinner. A large powerful j pleasant faced woman opened the door and welcomed us in with a stately hospitality. In the main room was a rough pine table and •a few massive wooden chairs. Haifa dozen chickens were walking about on the stone floor and some doves,' were fluttering in and out through the open door. Here nnd there wolfish looking dogs sprawled at full length. In a corner was,the customary shrine, with a little crucifix and some colored paper rosettes and tinsel gilt ornaments, and on tho wail were a few dusty pictures of saints. Strad dling over the window scat was a mule's clumsy .saddle and a peasant's dirty white woollen cloak. At one end of the main room was a kind of wine shop, were several bandit, looking fellows wore discussing a bottle of wine, and on the, other side was a similar room.witfrn tablo and chairs.' Into this we were shown, and presently a dinner was served to us of unknown and undistinguish able substanccs—but tasteful enough to uucurious and hungry people, ana we wosnca it down with a bottle of sour wine. Our landlady waited on us with grave courtesey, ns if we were ;a royal family and she were a duchess dispensing; the hospitalities of her palace ; and when we had finished she ac cepted; a dollar as though it was a fresh order of nobilit.y. • As wo went out through the grand salon alio sli o-o-ed the do res nway from our, path and: bowed us courteously to our carriage. The fame of our presence had evidently spread abroad throughout these borders, and the halt and the larao and the blind were gathered about our vehicle, craving charity from our illustrious excel lencies with the most serene expression. At last we got safely away, and with much crack ing of whips and barking of dogs, resumed our journey. From this place should have been'an exceedingly fine view of the peak, but ho was surly nnd hid his head under the oimifiq. n.nrf indeed it was some days before wc finally saw bis magnificent form, rcsjwndcnee Detroit Fvco Prcst* ,-Cor The blackest lies are told by holding the tongue at untimely moments. An Old Story in Verse* Ho was a guileless college youth, That mirrored modesty and truth ; And sometimes at his musty room His Bister called, to chase the gloom. Ono afternoon, when she was there, Arranging things with kindly caro, As often she had done before, Tiiero came a knock upon the door. Our student, sensitive to fears ' t , Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jcen. Had only time to make deposit Of his dear sister in a closet; Then haste the door to open wide;' His guest unbidden stept inside. ; He was a chcery-faced old man, , And with apologies began ' For calling, and then let him know-; " That more than fifty years ago, . When lie was in hisyouthful bloom, He'd occupied that very room ; So thought he'd take the chance, he said, ■ To see the changes time had made, " The same old window, same old view— Ha, b'a I the same old pictures, too I " And then ho tapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laugh again. " Tbe sumo old sofa, 1 dcclare I - Dear mo 1 It must bo worse for wear. The same old shelves I" And thon ho came And spied the closet door, " The same—— Ob, my 1" A woman's dress peeped through. Quick as he could ho closed it to. He shook his head. '■ Ah I ah I the same Old game, young man, the samo old gamo I" " Would you my reputation slur 1" The youth gasped; " That's my sister, sir I" " Ah I " said tno old man, with a sigh, . . " The same old lie—tho same old lie I " An English divine once told of passing a niglit in a haunted chamber in nn English castlo. Ho described how the ghost slowly ' stalked into the chamber, and described the armour which covcrcd tho form ,of the mys terious visitor. " But how did you'get rid of this vision ? " cried some of those who heard the story. " Oli; very easily," replied tho minister ; " I merely took my subscription book from tho table and tho vision quickly faded nway." A lady, who was n member of a class studying art, concluded a recitation on Ben-' jaman Haydon by saying that " towards tho close of his life he committed suicide. A lady'writer asks : " Why don't bache lors marry?"/ That's so—why don't they? fT/iinn f/\ flWwlr nKnnf {f tg/> hngfl ttftf vM 