1 tirms or fznus. A Terrible . Conflagratioh. — Following closely ou the devastation caused by the volcano eruption in New Zealand, comes tbe news of a terrible conflagration in Vancouver's bland in British Columbia. According to the telegram, upwards of 1090 of the inhabitants of the town of Van ' conver (Victoria? have been Tendered destitute and homeless. As the population of Victoria numbers only abont 7090, this means a seventh part of the population of the town. Mechanics' Institute and Free Library. — A public meeting will be held to-night, in the Town Hall, to receive the report of the delegates appointed at the re- cant ineeting. and to take any farther eteps that may be deemed necessary to secure the better management of the Free Library. A large attendance may reasonably beantici- pated, and it is to be hoped that speakers geheraUy wifl avoid trayelling over theold ground nnff conlrne their attention to the points at isshe. "Several ' suggestions have been made during the week, lor an tameable settlement of this difficulty, which is after Jul a ".storm in a tracnp,M and - in the in- terestsef good ratizenship, it is tobe hbped 'other may be adopted. .; f ..Supposed BpiGip&\--Onr : Apsley 1 correspondent writes :.as :£o11owb Last ' tlie ' to wb .jot |. yet heard, the deceased must have com mitted suicide, as some poison was found lying close beside him, and his body pre sented that appearance. Unfortunately Con stable Dwyer from here, and Coustable Toohey from Edeuhope, were away oil duty, j taking a prisoner to Casterton, consequently ; a considerable time elapsed before Constable Loftus from Harrow (bein$ tbe nearest) j arrived. As I have not heard the full par ticulars of the case, it would be premature to venture an opinion, but the prevailing opinion seems to be that domestic cares were the cause. This affair combined with the occurences of the past fortnight has cast an uncomfortable feeling over our small com munity." Rifle Club Parade. — A moonlight march for the members of the Mounted Rifles and infantry of the Hamilton Rifle Club is fixed for Friday night, the ISth inst. The men will muster at the Post-office, in marching order, at eight o'clock. The captain of the club desires to sec a full attendance of both branches of the force, in order that tbe forthcoming inspec- tion .by the Commandant may he a creditable one. If the infantry members show a desire for instruction in drill, the weekly foot parades will be re- commenced. Mounted ineo can obtain their bandoliers on applica tion to the officer commanding. They arc reminded that the Colonel is expected in Hamilton shortly, and that they should at tend the weekly mouuted parade, in order that tbe reputatiou of the 44 H" Company should not suffer by comparison with other corps. Gristing in Bond. — On Saturday evening an influential meeting of farmers was held at the Royal Hotel, Benalla, at the conclusion of the Agricultural Society's meeting. Air. William Crawford, president of tbe Society, occupied the chair. The meeting was called by Air. T. S. Moore, with reference to the gristing in bond question. After several speakers had expressed theur views, the following resolution was unani mously carried, on the motion of Air. Roe, seconded by Mr. Henderson : — " That the farmers of this district learned with dismay of the gristing in bond of New Zealand wheat and its manufacture into Victorian flour, and hereby express their unqualified disapprobation of the proceeding, and re quest the members representing Aloira and Delatite to take such prompt measures to protect the farming uiterests of the colony as they may deem advisable." The secre tary promised to forward the resolution at once to Messrs. Graves, Hall, and Graham, the members for the district. Accident. — On Sunday last, James Surkitt, employed on "The Gums" station, was brought into Pcnsburst suffering from a broken leg. It appears the unfortunate young man was engaged with a companion in giving chase to a kangaroo, when his horse ran him with great violence against a stump. Notwithstanding the force ot the collision, he managed to retain his seat in the saddle, and ride to the homestead, some three miles distant from the scene of the accident, from whence he was speedily brought to the town ship, where his injuries were at once at tended to by Dr. Fulford. He is now pro gressing as favourably as can be expected. The Rabbit Question.— The con ference concerning the rabbit question was continued ou Tuesday at the Mines office, Sydney. There were about sixty represen- j tatives present. A large amount of routine | matter was disposed of prior to entering upon | formal business. Air. Brown, by consent, gave a lengthy explanation of a proposal made by Dr. M'Donald, of Victoria, to eradi cate all rabbits iu the colony by means of a process only known to himself, provided he be guaranteed a sum of £6000 by the Go vernment on his proving the efficacy of his iuvention. Action for Damages. — An action was commenced in the Banco Court in Sydney on Monday, in which Air. Luscombe Searelle and his wife claim £2,000 compensa tion for injuries sustained by Mrs. Scarelle, who is an actress, and by Mr. Searelle in directly, o wing to the alleged negligence of Dr. Chambers, the defendant, in treating All's. Scarelle as a patient. The defendaut is a well-known practitioner in Sydney. Prize for Mallee Eradicator. — At a general committee -meeting of the Nhlll Agricultural Society on Saturday it was re solved to offer a prize of £50 (£30 by the So ciety and £20 by ATr. Kozminsky), and to ask the Government to give a bonus of £250 for the invention of au instrument to eradi cate the mallee while standing. Prices were also agreed to be offered for the best matured farmer's garden. Altogether a. prize-list amounting to £235 was passed. The Kimeerley Goldfield. — The steamer " Otway," from Derby, has arrived at Freeniantle, having 50oz of gold on board. A greater quantity was left at Derby. A large number of diggers, owing to scarcity of water, have returned to Derby. There are only about 20 left on the fields. There are several parties on the way. The diggers report very favourably of the fields, but complain of the shortness of water. Alessrs. Crabb and Kellau brought iu lOOoz; Mr. Ldwards, 30oz. Afr. Hall is ou board the " Otway" with 2Soz, and a ungget of 24oz of pure gold. It is a splendid specimen. Aloore's party started to prospect in the Leunard Range. Tbe diggers advise parties to wait till September. A great number of diggers arc at Derby living in tents. Two men have been murdered by the natives on the fields. An Old Western Resident. — We have been handed a file of the Western Star, a paper published at Riverton, N.Z., where we notice that Air.. James Gardner, formerly Wando Vale, who was a thorough sports- man, is still taking a leading part in racing and hunting matters in his new home, as at the meeting of the local Racing Club, lie was represented by the winner in the Alaiden Plate, second for the Ladies' Bracelet with Miss Bella Gardner's nomination, and in the Autumn Steeplechase rode His own horse Ginger, but only had the satisfaction of being third, carrying 13st. On the 25th May the first meet of the Hounds took place, Mr. Gardner filling the Host of Master. -There were about 120 horsemen present and a most enjoyable day's sport was ex perienced. Death op a Miser. — Mr. Mulligan, the coroner at Creswiok, held an inquiry on Monday touching the death of John M'Neil, aged 45, who was found dead on Sunday, four miles from Creswick. The deceased was a miser. He lived in a miserable old hut. He had no bed, but lay on straw on the floor, with an old bag tqfover him. He was never known to eat meat, but lived on flour and butter, which he baked in a dirty old pan. The deceased, owned 20 head of cattle and 40 acres of land, and he had money in the bank. He was worth over £300. He had a sister in Ireland and another in America, and these are tbe only relations he was known to have. He was last seen on Thnrsday. He appears to have crawled to a waterholc about 20 yards from his hut for drink, and managed to get only part of tbe way back. He died from debility, exposur e, and exhaustion. A verdict was found accordingly. j Another Ghost. — Ail individual .clad in ghostly raiment caused a little sen sation at Black Hill on several nights last week, and his senseless pranks have led to at least one lady being laid np with illness' brought on by fright. This young lady was (writes the BaUxirat. Oourier) visiting a friend on Thursday evening, and as she said she was afraid she would meet thegbost, a young man was deputed to accompany her to her residence. It was abont the hour of the visitation on the previous evening, and the escort said he guessed it would be as well for him to arm himself with something that would enable him to give the " ghost " the thrashing it deserved. He therefore car- ned a stont stick in one hand and a pokerin the other, and proceeded -to take the younir ladyto her home. They had not-gone very far when, sure "enough, a personage dressed in white was observed a short distance off. The brave young man then concluded -it safer to retire, : and, dropping "his weapons I>?J"an?,ray' . The young lady fainted, and hid to be. earned to her residence. She is reportedlo beeomewliat seriously ill. Several gentlemen have resolved to administer a spund horse whipping to the individual, who- erar J113: .Who has been carrying on this senseless practical joke shnnld Sly be ehc- cessfnl in tearing Ins identity. - " THE EABtBSAb; .GBICKBT CLUB UONOmcr Will be held to morrow night In the ' Goods shed'at the Dunkelcl Hallway-station. which wfll.be snitahly deeorated for the -bc- , ,, 