GAR M £ L I M E : OB THE CONVICT'S BRIDE. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND .AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. A By FRANCIS A. DURIVAGF, AUTHOR OF Tlie Brother's Secret," "A. lost life," "Fontolroy," Ac. CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) " Indeed I" Bhe exclaimed, with visible emotion. "Yes," he continued: "I shall not see that fair face for many a long day." "If you are detaining me to repeat compli- ' ments I must leave you," she said, " Mine is no oommon-place gallantry," he answered, " though you have ohosen to treat it as suoh. I love you with tho whole foroe of my soul." "Yet report says, my lord, that you led a wild life in London.' " I did. I plunged into dissipation to try to forget you." And you are going away to try the same remedy again ?" Not so, by heaven ! My love for you has purifled my nature, I will never again do anything that you would disapprove, for I love you — love you as much as you hate me" ;> " Hate you— you !' ' she oried, and she raised 1 her beautiful eyes to heaven as she spoke. " How can you be so cruel ? Alasi what have I said?" "Do I really hear aright?" oried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand. Is it possible that you do not spurn me— that you give me hope?" , Jeannette withdrew her hand. " I give you no hope," she said. " I only ask yon to let me go— to pity me. Farewell I farewell forever I If you have any regard "" for me, you will grant m9 one boon— forget me." " Forget yon 1" he eohoed, and was pro ceeding to deolare the utter impossibility of obeying her, but she was gone, speeding toward the hall at a rate that forbade pur suit, even if he had attempted to follow her „ flying footsteps. The next day he was on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and mid night found them tossing qn the channel, in company with a number of other travelling victims. Me lud," said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, " 'ad I hanticipated such 'orrors as this, I should \- have presumed to badvise going to the Conti nent by land." Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. They arrived in Paris at a critical moment. Lonis PhilUppe in his dotage had defied the popular will, and a political volcano was on the eve of explosion. Lord- Herbert had read the BignB of the coming convulsion, bat poor Graves, happily ignorant of French, was unaware that the atmosphere was so electrical. He was waiting orders in his master's par- lorjone evening. - Travelling in company, the formal intercourse of master and man had yielded to something like the familiarity tole rated on the Continent. \- "Me lud,".Baid Graves, "there seems to be some kind of a row going on in the streets." " Yes ; a very unoommon kind of a row." "A large number of people are singing some think or other." w " The Marsellaise." ' Iland I peroeive," continued Graves, " a number of persons with torches hesoorting'a cart in which there are bodies. There must 'ave been some kind of a hacoident — a 'ouse tumbling down, per'aps." „ " You are right," replied Lord Herbert ! " and the building that has fallen, or is falling, is the Boyal house of France." Amazing 1" exclaimed Graves, not at all following his master's drift. just then there came ka rattling oraBh in the distance. Graves jumped, "I beg pardon, me lud; but what was that?" ' Musketry." \- ' And that ?" screamed the terrified lackey, as. a deeper detonation shook the window' panes.. < " Cannon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the street and take a hand in this row." "Me lud I me lud !" cried the terrified flun key, " if you'd only hexcuse my services on this hoccasion." "Load the pistols, blockhead," cried Lord Herbert. Twenty minutes afterwards, " Milord Ang- lais," warmly welcomed by the revolutionists, was fighting on a barricade — for just then he was a professed liberal— and Graves, more dead than alive, loading his cavalry piBtols as fast as his trembling hands would permit him. 1 " By Jove 1 " said Lord Herbert, as hfl brought down a royal curassier from his saddle, " this is what I call Beal Life in Paris.' " CHAPTER V; GRETNA GREEK. . " —HSfes-fcrftyels and adventures fit -Lord Her bert KnightlauJlnJra yearTthe time allotted to his absence, have no bearing on the move ment of ou( narrative, and are, aeQordipgly, omitted, . At first the tone of his letters to his mother indicated to that keen-sighted woman that he was ill at ease, and it was evident that he was seeking all sores of excitements as an anodyne for restlessness. Very soon, however, he wrote in high spirits, and the countess felt certain that he was radically cured of his fancy for Jeannette. He was presented at various foreign courts, and wrote home' long letters about the ladies he met in society. From Vienna he wrote, " There are many lovely woman here, but were Lady Fanny Westover at court, she would outBhiue them all." This opinion was- oommunicated to the English beauty, and she thought ' perhaps the man loved me a little after all." , Still, on the eve of his return, the countess, thought it best to give Jeannette an indefinite leave of absence, supplying her plaoe in the interim. " I hope to recall you very soon, my ohild'," said the .countesB, kindly, as the girl was leaving. Lord Herbert received a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. He was the picture of ruddy health. Long pedestrian tramps in Switzer land, boar- hnnting in the German forests, boating on the Danube, had developed his muscles and strengthened his constitution It was a young athlete who grasped the earl's hand and threw his arm around his mother's waist. The day atcerms return ne noticed, ap parently for the first time, the absence of Jeannette, and commented on it with the ut most indifference. " Do you know, mother," he said, with a light laugh, "that I once thought the girl was wonderfully pretty. Seeing the smart French servants, though, spoils one for thick English waists and ankles." , If the countess was delighted to find that her boy came back heart-whole, the earl was equally pleased when he found that, instead ot overdrawing his account, he had brought back a handsome sum, notwithstanding the extent of his travels and the duration of his absence. "Do you know, father," said the young man, " that the example of the foreign no bility teaohes one to eeonomize ? Lavish ex penditure; with them, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In France and Germany we try to find how much pleasure we can secure for a little money ; here, how much money we can spend on a little pleasure." One important ohange in Lord Herbert's domestio arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left his Bervica to aooept the place as head- waiter in a Swiss Hotel. His place had been supplied by a French valet — Mr. Eugene La Fleur— a keen, blaok-eyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, for he had been a travelling courier. A few dayB after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a little domestio tour, after which he was to settle down in London to read law. Before he left the hall, this father an nounced to him that he had settled his yearly allowance for the future, and named a sum so magnificent &b; to surprise the heir of Elwood. Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert gave certain minute instructions to his confi dential valet, and they parted company, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in a post-chaise, his oourse lying through the northern oounties. . , ' > . It was the dusk of evening, and a young girl was seated in a private parlor of a small inn in a northern post-town. She was very plainly dressed but her beauty, as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no ad ornment. She was evidently expeoting some one, for from time to time she consulted a little Geneva watoh whioh hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last her' keen ear de- teoted a step on the Btair, then nearer in the hall ; the door was flung open ; a young man rushed forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead and ex claimed : "Jeannette! my own! my darling J" ' Herbert ! my love ! my life 1" "Is this not a dream?" cried the happy young man, as he seated himself beside her and clasped her hands. "You got my letter?" I wear it on my heart," she whispered; " and I can repeat every word of it." And you consent ?" "Iam wholly yours, Herbert." " I only ask for one year of secrecy and se clusion. At the end of that time I will avow our union in the face of the world, come what may. You are more to me than father, mother, fortune, rank. I have counted the minutes of my absenoe." Muoh more he said in the same strain, and there was a convincing sincerity in the tone as well as the words. Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannette WilBon had corresponded secretly during the whole period of the former's absence. His first letter had remained unanswered a long time, and expectation had intensified his passion. Then her cool, dilatory reply had ' produced warmer protestations on his part ; an offer of marriage, which was rejected ; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an aooeptance on the part of Jeannette, provided the offer was renewed at the expiration of a year. If, in the interim, he changed his mind, and she continued to implore him to forget her, then she released him from every pledge and would return all his letters. He had proved oonstant to his attachment, and now claimed the result of his fidelity. Jeannette had already writtbn to the countess, thanking her for past kindnesses, but deoliuing to return to Elwood Hall. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, which it was her duty to suppress. She did not send the countess her address. Lord Herbert was determined to make as surance doubly sure. He might still be, sus pected and watohed, and he determined at onae to baffle family interference. A post- chaise was at the, door, and the young oonple entered it. La Fleur had been dispatched in advance to secure relays of horses along the northern road, and joined the pair at the last station on the south of the northern English frontier. The postillions drove as if their employer was pursued, though there was no Bhadow of danger. Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blacksmith's shop in Gretna Green, then the great rendezvous of eloping couples. Tbe blacksmith had a lioence to solemnize mar riages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Scotland. The altar was an anvil— the officiating prieBt a grimy son of Vulom. Fortunately he never olaimed the privilege of saluting brides ; all he cared for was the fee. In this case it was liberal. The blacksmith furnished a certificate— the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson, and La Fleur endorsed it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping of the bride. They left Gretna Green man and wife ; and their honeymoon began with deception. Re turning to London by unfrequented roads, they were registered at all their haltingplaces as Captain and Mrs. James Morton. It was as Mra. Morton, and not as Lady Knightly, that the bride took possession of an elegant little furnished house in St John's Wood, a district in the north-western part of London. At first she waB dazzled and delighted with the elegance of the aristocratic box. Lord Herbert had given La Fleur carte Uanche as to furnishing it, and the man's Parisian taste had achieved wonders. A coupe and ; saddle-horse were at her disposal — she had ' servants at command — she was told she need not economize in her expenditures. - | But, after all, this was a cage, though a ' gilded one. Her husband could only visit her by stealthy She could not make acquaint ances — and, indeed, the character of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When she rode in the park she must be closely veiled. She must observe constant precau tions. Though a married woman, she was to lead the life of a cloistered nun. During his long weary absences, she could not be certain how her husband was passing his time — what temptations he might be exposed to. Still he was hers. She loved him person- ally-r-she loved his rank. A year would soon pass. She would- then emerge from obsou- rity and_ dazzle the world with- her beanty, vindicating her right to move among peer esses — to be presented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette I ' ' And there was a romance in her position after all. To be treated as the fairy of this domestic establishment — to be petted, loved, adored — it was rapturous ! The honeymoon was prolonged, and for months Lord Her bert did not seem for a single moment t6 regret the step he had taken. "So the beauti ful recluse of St John's "Wood -Terrace was perfectly happy. CHAPTER VI. TROUBLE. From the moment when Jeannette broke Wild Kate at Elwood Hall, she had conceived a passion for equestrian exercise. Every fair day she rode in Hyde Park, followed at a respectful distance by a mounted groom. Though her f&oe; was hidden with a thick veil, still the elegance of her symmetrical form and the daring style of her riding soon at tracted attention. Dandy guardsmen and old clubmen began to enquire after the femi nine enigma. The groom was questioned, cash in hand, but he was mute as the sphinx. Some daring young men traoked her to St. John's Wood Terrace, and there learned that it was a Mrs. Morton who inhabited the elegant little bird-oage in the centre of the blook. But the neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her ; all her bills were punctually paid, and that was enough for them. She never made any pur chases personally. Tbe fair equestrienne became the talk of Rotten Row. Why did she always veil her face 1 Some said she was deeply pitted with the small-pox ; others that she was a colored woman ; all sorts of rumors were flying in the air. Even Qaeen Victoria one day raised her eye- glass to her as sh8 passed her in the .park. Sir Lionel Lincoln, of the Carleton, made a bet that he would speak to the Anonyma,and even make her lift her veil. Primed with champagne, he rode up to her one day, and accosted her. A fine day, madam." . Jeannette took no notice of his remark,but touched her bay mare with the whip. The high-spirited animal bounded forward, but the insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. He glanced round and saw that a group of his fellow-dandies were watching him. One part of his bet he had already won — he had spoken to the lady ; but he had sworn to lift the veil. It floated within reach of his hand and he dared to grasp it. White with passion Jeannette turned in her saddle and lifting her riding-whip dealt the baronet a severe out across the face. . For one moment her own beautiful coun tenance was revealed. The next instant she had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed closely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occur ence to her husband, simply resolving to give up her favorite exercise. But the groom im parted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather, to Captain Morton, as they all called their employer. "Yon have been insulted to- day, Jean nette," said his lordship, "I will avenge you." " I have avenged myself," Herbert. The wretch will carry the mark of my whip for a a fortnight, and I have made him the laugh ing-stock of his fellows." " But I must have my revenge," said Lord Herbert, darkly. " No man shall insult my wife and live." " How will you oompass it ? Are you ready to acknowledge that I am your wife?" " Not yet ; but I can quarrel with him on some other pretence— fight him—" "Perhaps fall and leave me alone in the world. No, no, Herbert, yon love me too well for that. There is but one way to end these difficulties ; present me to your father as your wife ; proclaim to the world who and what I am." " You forgst that our seoret was to be kept for a year." " I agreed to that, dearest; but why not anticipate the avowal ?" " Do not press me," replied Lord .Herbert, gloomily. " I am not ready yet." At that moment an altercation was heard in the lower hall, and a harsh voice ex claimed : "I must and will see the lady of the house." "Let me go down," said Jeannette, turning pale. Some importunate beggar ; I will soon get rid of him." But the man seems to be insolent." I can deal with him, dearest ; I entreat you to let me manage this." \- She ran down stairs. A shabby rough- looking man who had forced his way past the lackey,. stood holding the servant by the collar. The moment he saw Jeannette, he said, in a familiar tone : ' Call your cur off. He pretended that I had no right to enter your house." "He oomes on business, George," said Jeannette to the wondering servant. You can leave us." She was pale as death, and so agitated that she could not speak, but she beckoned the strange visitor into a side room and mutely invited him to take a seat. "You've kept yourself confounded seoret of late, Jeannette." said the man, seowliug at her. " Thought you'd throw me off the scent, eh? But I was standing by the park rail ings this afternoon, and caught a glimpse of your faoe while you was hafcag a row with your beau and outting him aezoss the eyes." " You saw me chastising a villain 1" " I saw what I saw. Well, you seem to be comfortably settled here— quite the lady. A fine house— fine olothe3— while I — ' He looked down at his shabby garments, and uttered-something like a snarl of rage. . " I was not aware that you were in dis tress," said Jeannette, who was trembling violently. " I am Bure I am ready to as sist you;" and Bh9 placed her purse in his hands. 'J I've heard the parson say the wages of sin is death," said the man, weighing the purse in his hand and gloating on the guineas that glittered through the Bilken meshes "but I say that the wages of sin are fine clothes, meat, and drink. Don't you find it so, Jean nette ?" "I do not understand you," answered Jean- nette, blushing scarlet. " Why, how do you oome by these luxuries that surround you ? What are you doing here ?. Mind, I don't come here to blame you, but to share." i - _ I am here," replied Jeannette ' because my hu.s!l?and has hired this house for me. X am surrounded by luxuries because my hus band is generous." " I should like to set my eyes upon that generous ohap," said the man, with a drunken laugh. " Very well, sir, you oan do it," said Lord Herbert, entering the room. " I am this lady's husband— Captain James Morton." _ "My dear brother-in-law," said the in truder, offering him a dirty hand, " I am happy to make your acquaintance." Lord Herbert bent an Inquiring look on his wife. "This is my brother Thomas," she said, casting down her eyes — " the only relative I have on earth." " I've had hard luck, captain," said Mr. Thomas Wilson, throwing himself in a damask chair ; " but I am a gentleman, every inch !" and he clinched the assertion with an oath. " I'm a jack-of- all-trades, but I never could make both ends meet. As I before re marked, I'm very glad to make your acquaint ance, and— and — and wish you many returns of th9 same happy occasion. For three weeks, my dear sir, I haven't known where, to lay my head ; now, I suppose you've got a room and bed at my service here." Lord Harbert signaled to his wife to leave them alone, and she quickly withdrew. " There is no room for you, here," said Lord Herbert, firmly. "Whan I married your sister I was not aware of your existence. When I married your sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family. This is my house, and I must tell you, sir, that its doors will be shut against you. Why, you can well imagine. You must have been begging money of your Bister, I suppose. " No, captain— a gentleman cannot con descend to beg ; but she very politely re quested mo to accept this trifle," and he held up the well filled purse. Jeannette had given him. "Very well," said Lord Herbert, "Iwill add to the amount. Here is a twenty-pound note. Now you are in funds. Get yourself decent clothes, and look out for some honest employment. I see the rook yon stumble on is intemperance. Avoid it. What I give you is burdened with this condition — that you are not to annoy your sister by coming here. If you violate the agreement, I shall know how to punish ypu." While Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson was scanning him from head to foot, as if imprinting eveyy lineament on his memory. " Very good, captain," he said, at laBt. "Hand me over the iimsy — I accept the terms. C I will never call here without your permission. I will get myself a decent rig- out, and .the rest of the money shall be— judiciously invested, I will do no discredit to my genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my en gagements will not' permit me to stay and take supper with you. My compliments to my sister 1 Au revoir, CBptain. We shall oertainly meet again." ' Heaven forbid I" thought Lord Herbert, as he bowed the vagabond out of the house. " I have got rid oi him," said he, as he rejoined his wife. " He will not trouble you again." The name of Thomas Wilson was not again mentioned between them, and Lord Herbert had almost forgotten him, when, strolling one afternoon through Regent street, he oame upon'au individual dresBed in the extreme of fashion, with; a glass stuck in his eye and a lavender kid glove on the hand which twirled a little cane. " Ah 1 Captain Morton, delighted to meet you 1" exclaimed this exquisite, who was no other than Thomas Wilson, as he extended his hand. Had Lord Herbert been alone he might have responded, but as he was walking with a young guardsman, he replied, freez- ingly : "Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you." " Ah ! indeed," said Mr Wilson, staring at him through his glass. v " Not Captain Morton 1 whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing?" Bat Lord Herbert and his friend had already passed on. " Sailing under false colors, eh?" thought Wilson. " Not Captain Morton 1 There's double-dealing here. But I'll find out who and what you are, or my name's not Tom Wilson." And he turned and Btealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion. 1 CHAPTER VII. TUB GRAVE AND THE ALTAR, Months rolled on. At first not a day passed without Lord Herbert visiting his wife. Then oame intervals of absence dur ing which he did not even write. Of course Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in sooiety, to visit his home. But then his manner changed. He was no1 longer im passioned. He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first that he was growing weary of her, but by degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Her oheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faaea. Fatal ohange ! for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the ac complishments and the graces which are the birthright of aristocratio ladies, and if her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on' the heart of the man who had stooped from.hi3 high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He bad broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded his liberal allowance. He had debts aad dans. His establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace folt the effeetsof his embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tions as tlje season for cutailing his domestio ' expenses, -and she cheerfully saw horses and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduoed to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to have to press her husband for money, to meet the grooer's, baker's and butcher's bills. She knew .there was some thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. During the first months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided sooiety ; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, picnic, archery meeting. Every where he met Lady Fanny Westover. Sinoe their first ' acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But Bhe distinguished him above all others, and his marked attentions compromised both. Though he nevpr said anything to Jean- nette about his sooial movements,' the news papers, such as the Morning Post , and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he was leading a wild, desperate life, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided his night3 with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He. betted on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. ' Tbe earl and the countess both became un easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West- over as their future daughter Jn-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her were unmistak able. No honorable man could be so .as siduous without giving the objeot of his ad dresses and the world to understand that he loved her. Yet Lord Herbert never deliberately pur posed to repudiate his marriage with Jean nette. He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first love had long sinoe grown flOlfi. 488 He had long been absent from his chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without news from his wife ; but one night he thought he would pay her a visit. There were reasons why he should not have been a single day away from her side, but his heart was now steeled, and he had ignored those reasons. The servant who opened the door said not a word to him. He passed up into the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jsaunette was lying on the bed ; beside her a new-born infant. An . old nurse, who was present, rose and left tho room. . "Ah I you have come at last, Herbert 1" said Jeannette, in a faint voice. ' I- was afraid you would coma too late." Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed the white face. He was oonsoious-stricken. "Our child— our baby-daughter 1" con tinued the wife, inolining her head towards the little pink faoe on the pillow. " You will take care of her— when— I am gone." "What do you mean?" cried Lord Her bert, bending .over the couoh. Are you not doing well?" " I— am— dying," murmured the poor woman. " Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven's decree. The ohild— call her Carmeline — it is . a fancy of mine. You will not balk my last wish— will you, darling ?" " Jeannette — dearest— live 1 — live for my Sake— for our ohild's. I will acknowledge you as my wife to-morrow— you have the jfroof 1" Here 1" Bhe said, touching the bosom of her dress. Then she added: 41 Give me your hand, dearest." , He took her hand ; it was already cold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel — he was a man, and his tears dropped like rain upon tbe poor, thin white hand. Do not weep, dearest," murmured his wife. " Believe me. it is better thus. KiS3 me 1 Now good-night 1 ' Baby— do not forget." With a wild ory he wrenohed his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's faoe— it was the faoe of death. Long he sat there in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell npon him. Then there oame a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. " Better thus." he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to outlive love. And she is dead. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul Bhe had 1. But is all over now. I am free 1 She died just in time." He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dreBs, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It was the little sleeping baby's birthright, and he was robbing both the living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced, the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the oandle till the last inch was burnt to ashes. The blaze seorehed his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. " Good-evening, my lord 1" said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of the death-ohamber. ' Why do you call, me my lord ?" asked Herbert, taming on Thomas Wilson. "Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly," answered the man. He was perfectly sober, and perfeotly cool. "Are you aware whom you are addressing sir ?" " Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my Bister's husband." ' Prove what you say." ' It is very easy to prove your identity." " But the marriage ?" Wilson looked blank. You do not deny that you were married to yonder dead mother?" I do deny it, and I challenge you to produce contrary evidence." "You do not deny that your are the father of that ohild, my lord ? " " I do not deny that." And you propose to abandon the in fant?" "I propose to do no such thing. Hear me. I have a proposition to make to you. You are needy— so, for the present, am I, But I can command money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. As for the ohild, I offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to take charge of it— to adopt and rear it as your own. If you will call at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy you as to the payment. I give you five minutes to consider the proposition. Reject it, and I will.make an arrangement with a stranger. ' Thomas Wilson did not -need five minutes to consider. He aooepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping 'hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he bad slandered for the Bake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed where tbe silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. " To the Carleton 1" he ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab He was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his Hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duchess' that evening, and he' meant to keep his appoint ment. But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and re monstrated. «' Mind your own affairs, WeBtley," re torted Lord Herbert ; " I oan take care of myself." He was as cool, apparently, as if he had swallowed so muoh water, only the guests at the duchess' noticed that he was in unusually high spirits. ' Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had aond&oted; her to her' seat, where an old dowager, her ohaperon, was waiting for her. " Remember, you are mine for the waltz," he whispered. "To-night I monopolize you." The orohestra soon struck up the symphony of one of Lannier's wildest, most maddening waltzes. "This is something like lifel" he whis pered, as she hung on his shoulder, and the pace became fast and furious, as a turfman would say. " For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave— don't you see?" "You talk very strangely to-night," panted Lady Fanny.- " Do I ? that is because I am in such high spirits. You know I love you, and now that ' I feel the pressure of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my oheek, I am in Para dise. Are you happy ?" " Yes," was the. murmured reply. Suddenly the music stopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat he .pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. . "Mine?" he asked; bending down .to catch the reply. . ' Yours wholly," was the answer, distinct, though low. The acoepted suitor of Lady Fanny West- over 1 And what abont the unburied woman' that lay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still faoe rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair forms and the glittering diamonds, and wax- lights of the duchess' baU in Belgtavia? o" Why ? Why ? There was no accounting for such things ; but it -was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Bur gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, but could not Two weeks afterwards there was an aristocra tio marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins of the morning Post, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Westover. . The " happy couple" departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an extensive tour on the Continent. . « Happy? Of course they were. CHAPTER VIII. THE BAB- MAID 05 THE GEORGE. Years have rolled by. How has Thomas Wilson performed his duties to his sister s child?— dutieB he was liberally paid to per form. A few words will tell that story. When Wilson came into possession of the five thousand pounds— a little fortune— he really planned turning over a new leaf. He put the ohild out to a nurse in the country, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her well, and treated her not un- " In the meanwhile Wilson leased a small pnblio house, the George Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for some years did a prosperous business. His own irregular habits were a drawback to the prosperity- of the establishment,, but then his housekeeper —an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Bnnton— by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out as a widower, ana spoke of his daughter Carmeline. At the George Inn the mail-ooach stopped to change horses, and wagoners put up for the night ; but that trade was soon ruined by a branch railroad that was run through the town, so that finally the concern depended principally upon the patronage of the village topers. When matters came to thiB pass, Wilson thought of bringinghome little Carmeline and making her useful, ohild as she was. He had a right of pasturage for a oonple of cows and some sheep, and her services in taking care of them would cost him only her bed and boatd. la ,One day, accordingly, when she was about eight years old, he drove out to the village where she lived, and took her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruel par ting, for .the woman and child loved eaoh other dearly. ba continued.) 