Th e jnovemeut how in progix-as ju l'avoi- o)' ])i'fcfer(;uce being given to colonial tenders for all iron ivork re quired 011 public account and capa ble of being produced within the colony, overtliose .sent in by foreign makers, ought, for many reasons, to meet with an encouraging response from the Government. The question is ju no respect one 01 protection versus free-trade, as alleged by the Courin. and will have to be considered on grounds wholly different from those adduced in support of either of those antagonistic fiscal systems. The proposition affirming the policy of expending within the colony all monies raised for public works is no new one to a Maryborough audience. It has been expatiated and in sisted on scores of times during the hist twenty years at all manner of gatherings, and has become almost a standing contention of our Chamber of Commerce, an association which is nothing if not sound 011 the question of ideal free-trade. It may be a caiLSn for regret that in order to prosecute the agitation with any hope of a practical issue it has been found necessary to await the m»i il'on/re of a professional contractor, chosen —for our sins — as our Parlia mentary representative, and acting as the delegate of an isolated trade movement in Brisbane, but that necessity, being one of our creation, for having allowed our town to be- ; come a happy hunting ground for al! , manner ol emissaries from southern political associations and for avowed ! or disguised -arj;el,-baggejs witli pro j noiiiiced southern sympathies, must | now be endorsed as best it may. j .How the movement originated is a : matter of t rilling moment compared! with the advantages it promises to ) confer on the industries of the colony, i Any reference to protection is I wholly beside the mark. Those who think the objection a somid one should begin by advocating the re j peal of the many score of distinctly ; protective measures that have been ; and are still in full swing in every departnieut of our sooifflf^di^^al, and administrative exist«||]e. ?ljftrc yield R) nobody in our n-jjvoo;iG2pol' the fullest and widest libefty /ftex- eliaiigb' aiul action, but tlie.prefciu'e of lree trade that exists iu this colony is not. worth arguing about and still less iightiug. _ l'-veu in Eng land. where coiumeite is less fettered tliau in any other country under the sun. 'the free-trade ' that faxes the the humble comforts pf the 'poor while leaving untouched' the luxuries of the rich, that handicaps manufac tures aud agriculture by upholding the national scandal of an iron land monopoly, protects the monopolists iu their' infamous extortion by a special code of enactments based on privilege, and interferes in all social relations save m tliose that lend to constantly . depress wages to starvation point — that lreetrade is but a hypocritical delusion. True, lreetrade cannot coexist with the jiiainU'uance of custom houses, or with the system of raising revenue by taxation of earnings rather than by exacting adequate dues for the profitable nt ilisat ion of resources that probably are. or should be. state pro perty. Our pretence of f'reetrade is inconsistent with almost every -fiscal measure that appears 011 the statute book : with the Chinese poll-tax', miners right, and business license, the duties on rice, sugar, beer. wiue. tobacco and half- a-hundred other articles specified in the fa rill' : with the protection of capitalists by the assisted immigration of laborers, of the legal profession by exclusive privileges aud a legalised scale of extortionate fees, with everything, in short, that confers on individuals the right of enforcing what ought to be state monopolies, without com pelling such individuals to render a full equivalent for their privilege to the revenue. We do not quarrel with these anomalies, save where they involve substantial grievances 011 the part of a clas:- or society gene rally. At the siege ol' political education to which the coiniiu'.iiiiy lias attained, many of them an- un avoidable aud. in a measure, bene ficial. But their existence pc-rcia ptor ily forbids us to hug ourselves 011 our supposed enjoyment of lreetrade or to pretend that wo h ve even mastered its lirst principles. Fro. a the divisional ' tax on tin- working fanners' improvement.'--, that light' us the burden of rates to the uuimprov iug landshark, to the live per cent ad L-a'orem import duty that- gives the Ipswich tweed factory an advantage to that extent over the Manchester cloth-weaver — whose payment of freight and charges 011 his raw mate rial and relative ioss on the same items iu re-exportation of manufactured goods more than balances the higher scale of wages here — protection to local interests— 'native ;; or other wise — runs like a red thread through t lie skein of our administrative policy. To cry out against tlie exhibition of a minute additional dose of the drug with which our daily diet is already fully saturated is a stroke of Peck snitiianism quite worthy of the 'leading journal.' AVe doubt, how ever. whether the community at large, whatever may be the abstract principles of the men composing it, will be duped by a cry which has by force of circumstances long become meaningless. Hut there is another point of view from which the question may — ;uid ought — likewise to be studied : that of revenue. Is the practice hitherto followed of sending work to be done outside the colony, that could equally well be done within it, actually the cheapest, even 011 the low ground of that shoppy style of finance affected by the present Ministry ? 'We greatly doubt it, and think that there is good reason to believe that iu the execution of almost every large con tract given to English. American or Belgium linns the colony has re ceived Jess than full value for the expenditure incurred. To go no further than those notorious steel rails, assorted detachments of which have been ever since knocking about promiscuously on the various rail way lines between this and Cairns, incapable of being utilised and haunting like ui.quiet ghosts every inspecting engineer who preferred his conscience to his billet : the colony has had a lesson, which 110 Govern ment ought to i'orget — aud especially not one that indirectly owes its pre sent tenure of power to that mys terious transaction. 'Without in any way endorsing the unworthy suspi cions cast on the M'llwraith Cabinet by the present Premier in connection therewith, and fully believing that the loss of i.'.W,00l) bv enhancement of price finds its complete cxplana tion in a misunderstood cablegram of the then Minister for Works, Mr. Macrossan, we. regard the whole busi ness us only an extreme example of the disadvantage at which the colony is always placed when attempting to make any large purchase in a distant market. Commercial moralty its now adays so lax, and the notion that to defraud a whole community through its executive is a venal offence com pared with that of defrauding an individual person or firm, so pre valent. that a government when appearing for the nonce, in the guise of a purchaser, is really nowhere safe except 011 its own dung-hill. If the Imperial war department with all means of protecting itself at disposal is liable Ui be ehhnUnl iu Die extent t of 20 or ;10 per cent on bayonets .'ind cavalry swords supplied to itfrom Sheffield, and found useless in the hour of battle; what chance h;is a remote colonial government, com pelled to transact its business at second and third hand, through a circumlocution office in Westminster, of getting anything like fair play in the mane of commercial knaving and all-round peculation that is connived at as an almost neces sity of business life in over crowded jErtSires. 4^Tho Jbeiuke I causes thgF^tBfl tif'^PoauP 'tpCi tempting SshefinosI| oft' proStictli)^ which oftfjh pJBves|feo deccptavo to the distanfc pufchas6r when lie seeks to profit by.iti, are actively at work uudermining all security and confi dence iu the vendor's integrity. But even did no slur attach ,to the b -na Ju/rii of any„ European firms who undertake to supply the wants of eorpor&te; bodies on the'otJierfside of the globe, even if the goods supplied never left anything to be' desired, still, the inevitable delay in execu ting an order; the chances of mis understanding ; the difficulty of copi municating at any given moment with t he contracting purveyor, except atdisproporlionateand wasteful cost ; the subsequent alterations ami repairs made necessary through defective specification or other causes, and, above all. the want of supervision by persons whom the Government have under (heir eye, and call therefore safely trust, all this constitutes a for midable prr contra against any reputed saving, and should be fairly placed 011 the debit side of t he account, Briefly, Ave think that the system of employing colonial firms, wherever possible, on colonial work, by at tracting an influx of capital and its attendant, labor, aud so diminishing the inducement te continue a burden some scheme of state immigration at the public cost, would prove a more genuinly free tirade policy than that of patronising low-price but slippery foreign purveyors, whose wares, pur chased iu haste, have already afforded many an opportunity to 'repent at leisure. 