THEATRE ROYAL. . Less.'e, Mr. Charles Viucent. Acting Manager nr. Ilorwood. Final Retihemext of Mr. J. C. \ Lambert. When he will make ins last appearance on any stage for ever. Those frend< who desire to lienor Mr. Lnmbert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imine- 1 d lately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Mr. Lambert. This Evening. Thursday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will cumiuencc with the 2nd Actof Briasley »heridan's brilliant comedy , "THE RIVALS." . Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr, J.- 0 Lambert ' Characters by the Company. To be followed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." i 'Sir John Vesey - ' - Mr. J. 0. Lambeit ' (his last appearance in that character for ever). '; -Alfred Evelyn - Mr. William Levey Sir Freueriek Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - - - Mr. Charles Warner i. Other Characters by the Amateurs. v Trio— ''Harkl the Lnrk at Heaven's Gats Sings" — Mr r. Stewart and Misses Dooy and Maggie Stewart. To be- succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Scene) Irom Sheridan's Comedy, 'THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" -Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. 0. Lambert (the last character he will ever act on . any Stage). Joseph Surface - Air. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To wbich-will be added the Farce entitled ! "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. r. Harwood and Company, Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then lead the confess- \- ion of his' faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors open lit 7. Commence at 8 preci ely, .... prices as- usual.- " " — ' The following -is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am . about to quit this world of mine for " ever, to cross the footlights and live in ..your world. -It; is very much the custom, on occasions when people, are going out of the world to make a full confession of all tlieir sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the ' custom by -adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the -ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since . I came aniehg yoil, And maiiy years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous;- for- they- have been' going on without iutermission these two and forty years., "I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I \- have committed murder — In the early part, of my career. especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I .hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, -.Ben Johns'on, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations," " I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I- have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, Igrieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcing them into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." "In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but ' many times when in the very onslaught of' my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse- quenoes of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible, scoun drels; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of Eociety. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in rpspect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every .intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At' one time I have been so miserly that; I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries ; at others felt, myself prompted bv ' generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and .even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been : bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and t-hatundeserv- ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality." "Like all other members of my profession; I have lived a double life, and-itisonlyin one of mine, the great crimes, I have enumerated and ac knowledged havebeencommitted. My serious vices, I trust, 'have all' been eqiqniitted thjs side of the footlights." ". But in the world where in future lam going to'dwell,T trust you will credit me with having done my duty . as a good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the. vessel which will; bear me, from this bright and beautiful-country, I shall carry with me vour good wishes and your kindly esteem." . "Permit me a parting word about my brother managers, w.th whom for the last t\v el ve "months' I have been intimately associated. I never thought to have drifted iutomanagementagain, but there, were; such pressing reasons why- this fine theatre -should- not be allowed to lose i restige, and why it sliould'not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which' its affairs ,-have.been lately administered." . ' ' I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the .Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have .not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful ' pecuniary success, I can but think .that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and! am happy ' to thjnfc'at this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been, since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. Let me.agk youto continue your support to the matift« go rial firm as it now exists— at least an equal' ' measure of support. ' Its members .are well known to.you,,and "' are, I ani sure, greatly respected." \- (To be Continued). 