Local Items PRESBYTERIANS.—The Rev. C. Clarke has so reason to complain of want of support in his efforts to minister to the Presbyterians of Sandgate. Over 50 persons attended the Jane-street hall last Sunday evening. The services will be continual until further notice. THE VALLEY ELECTION.—The polling for this election came off on Saturday, when Mr. Brookes was returned at the head of the poll by 26 votes. The numbers were :—Brookes, 668; Watson, 632; Galloway, 111. The latter forfeits his deposit money, £25. But very few more than half the voters in the electorate went to the poll at all. VALEDICTORY. — The Sandgate Corporation, as private gentlemen, held high festival at Coward's Royal Hotel last Thursday night, as a complimentary send-off to Mr. Cooksley. The eating and drinking, we hear, was scrumptious. The speeches, of course, were of the usual self-laudatory and beslavering description. More we cannot aay, as we were not there. FINE MUTTON.—The Woodford people have no cause to grumble about the quality of their mutton. - On Saturday last Messrs. M'Connel and Wood of Durundur untrucked at Sandgate a mob of 550 really prime wedders, hailing from the Darling Downs, and which would average about 50lb apiece. No arrangement for stock are existent at Sand- gate ; the least the department might do is to provide a moveable gangway; broken legs and sprained shoulders would then be avoided. As things are not—arranged now, it is simply offering a premium for accidents. THE MONTH'S WORK.—The Corporation labour gangs have done a good month's work under Overseer Shepherd. Earthworks and formation in Friday, Swan, and Kate streets, gravel collected in stock on Eagle Terrace, Rainbow-street, Cliff Road, and Jane street, and box-drains 28 feet put down in Friday Street, besides felling timber and clearing elsewhere. On the sea- wall a large amount of timber has been hauled and fixed. The shade trees have also had their share of attention on the Upper Esplanade. The amount in wages coming to £212 16s. 6d. SACRED CONCERT.—The concert held at the Presbyterian Church, Bald Hills, on Easter Monday evening proved to be a great success. The building was crammed, strange to say, more by visitors to the place than the residents round about, who were all holiday-making elsewhere. Mr. Stewart very kindly lent his splendid piano, and as it happened to be in pitch with the church organ, the music rendered was a great treat. Financially it was also a success, so successful in fact, that we hope the committee will be induced to repeat these concerts from time to time during the ensuing winter evenings. A GRACIOUS GIFT.—M. H. Wakefield, membęr for Moreton, has stated bis intention to present to the Borough of Sandgate, for the benefit of the residents of and the visitors to the place, a handsome drinking fountain, which will be erected near the Shelter Shed on the Esplanade at Signal Row. The water, in quantity 2,000gallons, will be supplied by pipes laid on from the tanks at the Town Hall. The work is to be proceeded with at once. Such a gift as this Will be a real boon to the visiting public of Sandgate, and Mr. Wakefield is worthy of the heartiest thanks of all who will be greatly benefited thereby. GAZETTE NOTICES.—The Government Ga~ tette, announces the opening of a road, three chains wide, resumed from selection 6152, Ipswich district (Charles Brown), portion 154, parish of Kilcoy. The Crown Lands of Baroon Pocket, Blackall Range, from lv to 6v, parish of Maleemy, are set apart as an agricultural area for selection, 151 acres,, being portions 31 and 202, parish of Maroochy, are proclaimed as a camping and water reserve. Certain lands, known as agricultural area 7, from the Maroochy River to the Blackall Range are proclaimed in lieu of area proclaimed November 18th 1885. THE NEW MANSE.—We have been shown the plan of the Presbyterian Manse, to be erected for the Rev. C. Clarke, at Bald Hills. It ought to be a very comfortable one, of four rooms, two verandah rooms, and a verandah running all round the building. The kitchen and servant's room is detached at the back. The house is to be built on piles, only four feet above the ground. This is a matter we should strongły recommend the committee to reconsider. Better by far make these piles eight feet high ; they will only cost a few shillings more ; the space underneath can then be utilized as a buggy shed, wash-house, &c.;, or if closed in with galvanized iron, a first rate common room during the heat of summer. POSTAI. ARRANGEMENTS. — Considerable annoyance has been of late expressed by re- sidence of Sandgate who have business transactions in the country districts, that un- less their letters are posted in Sandgate by the 1.15 train they: cannot leave by the early mails from Brisbane the next morning. We would respectfully suggest, therefore, to the Postmaster-General to knock off the mail to Brisbane at 1.15 p.m., and instead give the local postmaster instructions to make up a bag to leave by the 5.28 p.m. train for Bris- bane. The mid-day mail Is utterly unnecessary, whilst the evening one would be really a boon, incredible as it may seem to official minds. Sandgate people do a good deal of business with up-country folks, and are therefore entitled to some consideration. It the Bald Hills farmers were half awake to their own interests they would put Mr. Wakefield in motion to have a poney express running from their to Sandgate twice a day, The railway works there entitle them to this if nothing else does. Let those interested look to it. SHAMEFUL IF TRUE A resident of Shorncliffe complained last week to the police, that some dirty brute of a fellow had behaved in a very disgusting manner in front of his children, who were playing on the beach. As a rule, the police of Sandgate will spot at once any stranger who may be loafing about the place, and quickly start him on his travels. This man ąppears to have been a navvy, very roughly dressed ; yet the police could not see nor hear of any person answering to the description about the town, Animals that so grossly offend against public decency, do not so offend once only, it becomes a habit with them. Strange to say, nobody else made any such complaint. Again, the police were not informed till twenty-four hours had elapsed. Is it reasonable to expect an arrest under such circumstances? Lastly, the complainant has not stuck to the one unvarnished statement ; he alters each fresh one materially. For these reasons, we submit, that the party in question has a fervid imagination, and in this instance has largely drawn upon it. BE COURTEOUS.—The Mayor of Sandgate is to be congratulated for the firm and dignified manner in which he met Mr. Coward's unwarrantable attack at the last Council meeting, re a supposed unexpended vote of money to improve the road to Mosquito Creek. Mr. Coward objected to a bank being cut away at Shorncliffe, because two years ago, money which on his motion, as he asserts, had been voted for Mosquito Creek, had not been spent. To bullyrag a Mayor for the actions or non-actions of his predecessors is really too absurd, and to add to the joke, Mr. Coward has been out of the Council for 12 months himself. For our own satisfaction, we have turned up the old minutes, and find that Mr. Coward is entirely in the wrong. When the motion for granting £200 to improve the lower Esplanade was before the old Council, Mr. Coward insisted on the road being opened to Mosquito Creek, and the chairman the late W. Deagon, promised that, as far as the money would go, the road should be improved. No motion was ever tabled by Mr. Coward or anybody else. Whence those tears ? RECKLESS DRIVING.—Last Saturday week, just about dark, Harry Freeman, a lad employed by Mrs. Taylor, fruiterer, of Yundah street, whilst driving along the Esplanade, near Seymour street, was suddenly driven into by Mr. Webber, the contractor to the Corporation, who jammed the wheel of his cart inside the wheel of the vegetable cart, and caused the boy to be thrown clean out over the horse s head, on to the metal road. The boy was much bruised about the head and body in consequence. The boy, who luckily had witnesses to prove the truth of his statements, states he was on his right side, and had his lamps lighted, whilst Webber was drunk and had no lights. Mr. Webber apparently has a weakness for driving about when drunk. Individually, we have not the slightest objection to his wetting both eyes, if he likes, but we do protest against his being allowed to imperil the lives of other people by his folly. We have an inspector of vehicles here, and we commend to his notice, sections 44 and 45 of bye-law 4 of this borough, so that he may at once take action and have this man punished. We have, more than once or twice, ourselves seen Mr. Webber in the same disgraceful condition, and it is about time it was put a stop to. We have, further, no hesitation in saying that very few owners of drays, &c.;, except the bus drivers, ever dream of exhibiting lights when travelling through the streets of Sandgate, after sundown. May an inoffensive stranger ask, what the deuce is the use of having bye-laws and inspectors, if the former are not enforced, and the latter does not do his duty without fear of or favour to anyone ? It is only a boy this time, if it was a bishop, perhaps the fat would be in the fire. ANGLICAN CHURCH. — The Venerable Archdeacon Matthews conducted service at the Church of England, Sandgate, for the first time, last Sunday. He preached a short but eloquent sermon in the morning, taking his text from Hebrews xiii, 20, 21. " Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is well pleasing in his fight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory, for ever and ever. Amen." The preacher called attention to the fact that eleven years ago Sandgate had been part of his parish when he had charge of Fortitude Valley. At Easter-tide it was the duty of the church to study closely the doctrine of the resurrection, dwelling particularly_on the ten appearances of Christ after His death. Each one presenting fresh details of the great truth which was the great key stone of Christianity. It was no ghost or shadow that appeared, but a living, breathing man. Thomas refused credence at first, but even he was satisfied when he got tangible and ocular proof. We must be thorough in our belief. Christ's resurrection proved Him to be unchanged, the loving friend and dear master of His brethren. Was not this, then, encouragement for all to approach Him in every want and trouble ? Touching on the intimate relations that; ought to resist be- tween pastor and people, he begged for their prayers, their sympathy and hearty co-oper- ation. By working together, publicly and privately, Christ's work and the prosperity of the church would be fostered and encouraged. He besought them to help, and especially to pray.All their efforts would be void if God did not bless their work ; constant and incessant prayer was the one- thing necessary. The xxxxx was liberal, and the congregation xxxxxx???? 