THE SONG OF THE SHEARER. [The following verses were shown me by Mr. Thos. Partridge of Yarden, who obtained them from a shearer. The song is a favourite at shearing time, and is as a typical bush production well worthy of entering the world of publication, I have made some very slight alterations from the text of the unknown author in order to smooth the metre.—Cecil W. P. Poole.] Air—" The little old Log Cabin in the Lane." Some were taking quarters* and coiling in their bunk When we shore the six-tooth weathers from the plain ; And if the next are harder more of them will funk, Unless we get another fall of rain. Chorus. For the boss is getting rusty and the ringer's caving in, His bandaged wrist is aching with the pain, And the second man, I fancy, will make it hot for him, Unless we get another fall ot rain. Chorus. The cockies living near have been talking like a book, About the sad dry weather for the plain, But see the lunch is coming—make way for Dick the cook, For Dick is nigh as welcome as the rain. Chorus. Hark ! I hear the distant thunder, rumbling deep and loud ; The western wind is sweeping o'er the plain ; And I see the lightning flashing from the edge of yonder cloud, And I hear the gentle pattering of the rain. Chorus. Now lads, put on your slippers and let us to the hut, We'll sit around and have a quiet game, For some will play at euchre and some at ante-up, And some will stand out, looking at the rain. Chorus. Now the rain is over, the pressers spin the screw, And the teamsters back their wagon in again ; But I fear we'll block the classer by the way we put them through, For everything goes merry with the rain. Chorus. Let the boss bring down the bottle and wet the final flock, For never shall we all meet here again ; Some may meet next shearing, but perhaps not even then, For we may all have vanished—like the rain. Chorus. *Quarters—Quarter of a day spell. †Ringer—The fastest shearer in the shed. SHORT, sharp, and decisive—A tack. IF wit is badinage, what must it be in youth ? SOME men are born great, but as a general thing they soon begin to shrink. "I AM surprised at the appearance of your friend B. He looks wretched. Do you know if he has been disappointed in love?" "No; he has been disappointed in marriage." THE little one, being a guest of her grandma, had been liberally feasted, when a second dish of pudding came on. Looking at the steaming dish, she exclaimed with a sigh, "Gran'ma, I wish I was twins." A SECOND street boy, who has been con- siderably wrought up by the recent earthquake heard a noise and, on being told that it was, thunder, said that he was as much afraid of skyquakes as earthquakes. THE jury brought in a verdict of "not guilty." His Honour said admonishingly to the prisoner, "After this you ought to keep away from from bad company." "Yes, your honour. You will not see me here again in a hurry." "DON'T make a fool of yourself with that girl now, Tom; you know love's blind," said the cautious parent. "That's all bosh," said superior Tom. "Love's not blind at all. Why, I see ten times as much in that girl as you do." THE will of Lord Pembroke in the seven- teenth century has these items:—"I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make him this legacy willingly, because I know that he will faithfully distribute it unto the poor. Item—I give up the ghost." MISTRESS AND MAID.—"Where have you been, Jane ?" "I've been to a meeting of the Girls' Friendly Society, Ma'am." "Well, and what did the lady say to you ?" "Please, Ma'am, she said I wasn't to give you warning, as I meant to. She said I was to look upon you as my thorn—and bear it." 