ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. LUNATIC LYRICS. SECOND SERIES. No. 3—A NEW PYGMALION AND GALATBA. {Br MABCH HARE ] Young hearts we know are like sensitive plates. Where Photographer love has the chemicals mixed; One glimpse of a face or a figure—ye fates !— And the heaven-limned image instanter is fixed. With man or maid it is much the same, A glance of an eye-be it blue or black— And henceforth then 'tis their only aim To feast on the features beloved—good lack! Come list the tale of a Government clerk, Of susceptible soul and of temperament warm, One bound to shine as a person of mark, •Since trough doing small good he was guiltless of harm. At 10 s.m. he was at his post. At 1 he his stomach with buns would stay; At i he left—and I haven't a ghost Of a notion what duties were his all day. One eve as homeward be leisurely strolled, _ At thd Waxwoiks he paused, paid his coin and went in; . Twas Kismet clearly bis footsteps controlled, "I he romance of his life wis that eve to begin. Too late for nobs and too soon for snobs, The rooms seemed deserted by all but he ; A crowd one of half of one's pleasure robs. When going was figures which " move," to see. OUT clerk, whose name was Bartholomew Green, On the right saw a form which deprived hixu of bieath; No maid so fur in his dreams had he seen. And he knew that this vision would haunt him till death. Brown hair, broad brow, and a small, prcud mouth, A waxen complexion of blush-rose tint, And eyes like skies of the sapphire South, But of softness, or love, in those orbs no glint. With white hands clasped and an uplifted face, She stood gazing forlorn at a big belted knight, Who-e frown so stem bore no signal or trace That his soul in such homage as this took delight. Bis list. Green scanned, but she was not there. "New figure, no doubt," he again must come; One farewell look, with a love-sick air, He fled for his train and suburban horns. At five next day, with a fast beating h e <trt Be was back at the Waxworks—enraptured young man! Ah, well, i' faith, mi^ht he stagger and start As the figure to "move" at his entrance began. Cne glance she gave, full of cold surpris e. Of hauteur made aigry by shame and pain, 1 hen slowly turned and naif lowered her eyes, Xhen resumed her firstpicturesque pose again. " She moved, she moved," what a goddess-like head, Every action ii perfect, whit science, what skill, " Her name and price!" he excitedly said, " Though I starve on a crust till I settle the bill." The attendant stared, gave a law, short laugh, Then bent nearly double with vulgar sport, And sobbed, " Oh, Lord, what a hinnersent calf 1 If this haint a cove of the greenest sort!" " He jeers, coarse brnte!" said Bartholomew Grean, " His low mind cannot grasp such devotion tj Art! I must watch and wait till I win her, I ween. And when once she is mine we will never more part."' So thence each eve at the hour of five, He tendered his shilling ani throbbed and burned, And mostly, thns, did this clerk contrive To be there when her questioning eyes she turned. At last one eve she was missing, he found; And he rushed to the checktaker, pallid and "The figure, the figure, that used to turn round! She is stolen, ye gods, send, oh send for ' the Force'!" Ihe coarse brute laughed with his lend guffaw, "She's a joung married woman, you driv<u<ing fcol; She's bought the knight which you no doubt saw, nd carted him off to a Sculpture School." The Czar of Russia most have been painfnlly surprised at the unexpected arrest ot Prince Alexander of Bulgaria. He is BO wrapped up in his domestic duties, and takes so little interest in foreign affairs, espesiilly anything connected with Constantinople, Afghanistan and Bulgaria, that the news must have " tore hi<n all up," as the Yankees pnt it. It is a shame to startle ,a Czar like that, it might spoil his digestion and npset his judgment. How very vexed he must have been at the disturbance. It is no wonder that he was "took-allaback,''audit was quits unnecessary '.for him to take such pains to assure Yurrup that he was quite innocent of the whole affair; all Europe implicitly believes him; the Russian is always so fair and above board, so open hearted and candid that one cannot but believe him when he sayB.like the schoolboy to John Boll, " It wasn't me, Sir." A boy was seriously thinking of running away fiom home in the North some time ago, when his mother asked him to go and bring in Eome light sticks to kindle the fire. The boy went out but did not return. No tidings were heard of him for months, when one evening nearly a year afterwards he walked in carrying a bundle of sticks, saying, "where will yon have them, mother," just as if he had not been gone five minutes. There was something comic in that boy's nature. It locks like irony to manufacture a new gunpowder for the purpose of destroying millions of our fellow-creatures and call the new compound by the domestic name of "cocoa." Fancy a man being killed by "cocoa- powder"—"a nice cup of tea" thai would be for the victim. But gunpowder by any other name would kill as dead. They have coffee and cocoa at some restaurants quite enough to kill any man not casehardened in the stomachic region. Perhaps it was experiments in this way that led to the manufacture of the "cocoa" gunpowder. There might be some risk of mixing up the cocoa of the battle-field and the cocoa of the breakfast table, especially at country stores where they sell everything from a needle to a needle-gun, and some unhappy householder may sea the cook going through the kitchen roof while in the act of making his morning cup. The idea that poverty must necessarily manifest itself by palpable external signs is pretty general, and a number of well-to do spectators of the working men's celebration on Wednesday appeared to be much exercised in mind because there were no bare feet, outat-elbow coats, torn garments, and bare heads broad. The general comment was " Well, this does not look much like distress." An «ight-hours man in reply to such a remark said —"A decent coat don't always mean a full pocket, no more thaa a ragged one means no coppers. Many a man you -see here and his v.-ife and family don't exactly know where the next shilling is to-come from, but you see working people here put more store by clean clothes than they do at home. You can't often see a man going down the streets of Adelaide in his shirt sleeves — he respects himself too much or that unless he is a 4 lusher.' If he ashes well he don't care much how he goes about. I wouldn't mind betting that some of (the holiday clothes here to-day are borrowed.; poor people are very kind to each otiaei;, more than the rich are amongst themselves, yon can make sure -of that, Tnere is many a heavy heart under their holiday clothes, though they don't think of it yet, but times is certainly looking more hopeful, and a holiday ike this does people goad, freshens them up little and keeps the heart up. It's only once a year, and many of them puts the money by ior months before in pennies and that in the money-box or the old stocking, -won't yon make a mistake and .think a clean out "Of" 1 " wages constant, not a bit of it." 