PEARLE RADCLIFFE. BY MRS. 'CEORCE SHELDON, dAfr00 OF "BOIOWVIE'S TnfIUIPHr," "THE FOInSAKE.n BRIDE," " EARL WAYTcE' XOBILITY," ETC. CHAPTER XVI.-(Continued) The conductor, after consulting a while with some of the passengers, ordered that she be lifted into the baggage carriage, and laid upon a pile of shawls and cloaks that had been volunteered for that purpose, every one seeming to feel a sort of tender pity for the beautiful stranger who had come to such a sad and untimely end. The train then moved slowly on, reaching its destination an hour behind time. The body was given into the care of the proper officials upon reaching London to be carried away to the morgue, there to await identification; and the busy throng went on its way. As Adison Cheetham stepped upon the platform from the carriage in which he had. been riding, he met his valet, who had been awaiting him, and who, on beholding him, started back with a violent exclamation of dismay. "Are you ill, sirn" he asked; and well he might ask, for Cheetham's face was per fectly colorless, and wore an expression of indescribable horror. He was shivering as if chilled through 'with the coldanid his teeth chattered audibly. "No," be replied, gruffly;" "but after such a cursed fright a man may be expected to look ill. It is enough to give any one the horrors to b? startled from a aound sleep by such wild, unearthly noises, and then to be soddenly told that we were all going straight to-" The place of which he spoke is universally conceded to be a very warm one. "Did you get out to look at-the-hern" inquired the servant, with an expressive shrug and emphasis. His master swore angrily. "What should I want to get out and look at a mangled corpse for ? I had enough to do to quiet my own nerves aftersuch a shock. I would give a hundred pounds if we had come on some other train. Ugh I whathave they done with-IT?" he asked, with a shudder, and glancing fearfully around, as if he feared that the ghost of that'unfortn nate woman was about to rise up and con front him. "They are just taking her to the morgue, sir-there they go now," his valet answered, pointing to two men who were carrying a rude litter, upon which something strangely and fearfully suggestive lay, covered with a black cloth. Adison Cheetbam started violently as his eves fell upon it, and muttering another oath, he turned quickly from the sight. "I'll go to the cafe and get a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, while you at tend to the traps," he said, and walked abruptly away. Andrew procured a carriage, had the bag gage transferred to it, and then went to call his master, for the driver, was anxious to be off, in order to return in season for another train. Darkness had settled down upon the great city I a fine, drizzling rain was falling, and the air was keen and chill. It seemed likely to be a dismal, uncomfortable night-one to make the traveller long for his own snug home, with its cheerful lights, its blazing fires and kindly faces. The street lights flickered and flared, shed. ding ghostly rays around, making the gloom seem even more gloomy than it really was by contrast, and casting wierd shadows mong the many vehicles which were waiting to receive their passengers at one end of the station. But as Adison Cheetham came forth and entered his cab, and gave his order to be driven to the "Langham," something more substantial than a shadow might have been seen to move away from the side of the car riage which he had entered, and glidequitely away into the darkness. CHAPTER XVII, VISITORS AT THE,EOBGYVE. Adison Cheethom did not rest at a a well that first night in London. He lay tossing and groaning upon his bed, and muttering strange things until broad daylight, when he Sank into a fitful slumber which lasted until noen. Then,feelingunrefreshed andwretched, he arose, bathed, dressed himself, and then ordered his breakfast to be served in his room, where he ate it silently and with thoughtful, moody brow. His meal dispatched, he threw himself on acoachand fell to musing. A long, long time helay there, perfectly motionless, his Ligs sternly compressed, his eyes troubled and almost fierce in their expression. "Confound my luck I" he exclaimed with an ugly scowl. "I don't know why I should balked like this. I never gave up any thig yet that I undertook; but now that I'm here, I don't know which way to turn, and've not much strength or courage left for anything after the fright of last nightl Ughi I feel as if I never want to ride in a railway carriage again; and then- " Ie stopped suddenly, closing his eyes with obhndder. as if thus to shbut out the remem* brance or an event wcn ,:naa. anuren so many hearts with terror. After a few minutes he sat erect and drew out a wallet from one of his pockets. Search. ing in this among a promiscuous assortment of papers, he at lnst found what be wanted -that same little slip of printed paper which he had before examined on that day of the picnic when he had first hinted of his love to Pearls. He read it over carefully, and his gloomy brow cleared a trifle. "There can be no mistake; I am all right." he muttered, with a sigh of relief. "I will not worry; and I will not be turned from my purpose. I WILL find that girl; she need not think to escape me. • I have not gone thus far on a difficult road to be daunted and foiled'when a little perseverance and a bold front may help me to win. ' IE she is in Lon don-if she is in England-if she is in the wounL, I'll FIND and CONQUER her. Still if"-the anxious look returned to his brow' as his eye fell upon the slip he held. "I wish I was quite sure about this;. I wish pooh I of course it is all right," he continued, with a shrug of impatience, as he returned it to his wallet and arose to his feet. "I will not give it another thought-I will not be frightened by a shadow, a suspicion; and yet"-his soliloquy was concluded with a .shudder.,A;- - ----- -. .;- .r It was nearly three o'clock when he finally emerged from his sumptuous apartment and repaired to the public smoking room, where he procured a newspaper and a cigar, and proceeded to inform himself regarding cur. rent events. Almost the first thing his eyes encountered was an account of the railway accident which had occurred on the previous evening. With a muttered oath and a gestuire of dis gust, he instantly threw the paper from him, started to his feet and went to overlook a game of billiards that was being played in another part of the room. He was evidently very nervous and ill at ease, for when, after he had watched it a few moments, the players began discussing the very subject which an noyed him so, he cast a look of angry im patience at them, walked to a window and began drumming nervously upon the pane. The day was not at all propitious for weak or irritated nerves. There was nothing cheerful or comfortable about it, forn dismal rain continued to fall, and the air was damp and chill, and everything, without and Within, wore a gloomy aspect. From the window, where be stood motion less and apparently absorbed in thought for nearly an hour. Adison Cheetham went to the nublic entrance hall, where, for the space of another half hour, he paced back and forth in moody silence. At the end of that time he sent his valet for his hat and overcoat, and putting them on, he went forth into the rain and wind and mud-anything evidently was prefer able to the companionship. of his own thoughts. The dark day was fast deepening into a darker night; the heavy clouds and rain; combined with the smoky atmosphere of the city, made it seem much later than the hour indicated. In a remote street, and one not much fre quented even on a pleasant evening, there might.have been seen a solitary figure wend ing his why with nervous and uneaven tread. Every now and then it glanced back as if fcnarful of being observed, then sped on more quickly than before., His fears, if fears he had, were not wholly without reason; for on the opposite pave ment, mnffled to the ears in a heavy cloak, another figure followed him pretty closely, with almost noiseless tread. 1 At length the first pedestrian turned a cor- 1 ner into a narrow street, even more gloomy i than the other. Quickening his steps, that other figure 1 .followed more closely now, and all at once, stopping short, he muttered, with a chuckle i of triumph : "Aba I I thought so." The occasion of this was that the first t figure had also stopped in front of a grim looking building, and, after glancing. can- 1 tiously and anxiously around, entered the c place. t It was the morgue I He walked up to the official, who paced in the waiting-room, and said, abruptly and s nervously : " I wish to view the body that was brought 1 'here last night." " Which one, sir 2 ' There were four c brought here last night," the man retdrned t In a short, surly tone, while he ceased his perambulations, and eyed the new comer keenly. "The body of the-woman who was killed i by the railway train," was the reply, accom panied by a shiver. It was a most dismal place, and the dampness and gloom, and the mouldy smell, pervading the atmosphere, were terribly suggestive of the ghastly business transacted i there. " Can't, sir,--body's taken away," said the x the official, with rude brevity. " Taken I" was the breathless exclamation. s The man nodded. SWhen7" r '" sEarly this morning." " Who identified it-who claimed it ? " the stranger asked, tugging at his neck-tie as if it was uncomfortably tight, while' his speech was husky and harsh with emotion of some kind. "Can't say-friends, of course. None of my business, as I knows on, since the papers are all right, and I does my duty," was the gruff response, from which the man before him was led to infer that since he was evi dently not a friend, it was none of his busi. ness either. "eWho wasshe? Didyoulearnher name" he persisted, lifting his hat and wiping the t sweat from his forehead with a hand that trembled visibly. The official shook his head with a con temptuous look, as if he did not trouble him- t self about the names of the countless unfor. s tunates who were brought there. He then' t turned abruptly and resumed his pacing,thus signifying his unwillingness to answer fur ther idle questions. To do him justice, he believed, the man had only come there out of curiosity, as lots did, to view a body that had been crushed and mangled by the cars. The body had been taken away in the morning, us he had said; that business had been settled, and he had no desire to rehearse it. The night was cold, the place was ghostly and disagreeable, it was nearly time to shut it up and go home, and he was impatient of anything to detain him there; andi, altogether, he was not in a very comfortable frame of mind, while there wis a superciliousness in both the tone and manner of his visitor, spite of his nervousness, that angered and annoyed him.- b The stranger, seeing that he could gain no thing more from him, also turned, and he t etaggered dizzily as he did so. His face was as ghastly as any face of those strange dead lying in that dreadftil place, and drewa long 1 breath,that was very like a groan,as he groped his way out of the wretched place, and dis ippeared in darkness. He was wholy oblivious of the fact that it another person was standing in the shadowv t ,f the open door as he departed, or that a r pair of as keen,dark eyes were intently watch nug his every movement, and a pair of as keen p ,Is had caught every eager, agitated ques- h tion hehad asked. As soon as the last sound of his footstep. died away outside, he also walked quietly up to the official, and adroitly dropping a golden 1 coin into his hand, began plying him with queries in a low tone. n He was answered much more respectfully n than the other had been, but although the I two men remained in earnest conversation b so ossome,time, it was evident,. from theo per plexed and disappointed look upon the new. w comer's face,' that he was not enlightened a- much regardlisg, the subject under discus. it sion. . d What possible interest could these twc h men have had in the woman .who had mel e with such a luckless fate on the day. before I ,o If she had been anything to them; why had is they'delayed so long in coming to identify her? and if either of them was the propel one to take her away, who was the person 1I that had claimed and removed the body sc y early that morning i d That the first stranger had beenedeeplyin-. e terested in the fate of the dead' woman was a very evident, or lie would not have appeared 1 so agitated.and disturbed over the fact that \- some one else lhad come and taken her away e The other apparently was more concerned in I his interest in her than in the woman herself, r since'he had followed him so cautiously and f dogged his footsteps like an ominous shadow; but what his motive was in seeking to bribe the otficial to give him information which the other had failed to obtain does not now appear. Whatever' his object may have been, he was dvidently satisfied with his espionage for the present, for, on leavIng. the morgue, in -stead of following in-the other's'trace as-be-, r fore, he turned in a differentdircction, walk i ing briskly away, and did not slacken' his steps until he reached the Army and Navy Sclub-house in Sr James Square. ' More than a week elapsed afterthestrange wedding at Ashton Manor, and no tidings of Pearle had been received. The guests had all departed, and the earl, with his saddened family, were left alone to mournover thesad fate of the bright and beautiful girl who, all her life-long, had been the light and joy of their home. The earl could not be reconciled to the rash act which seemed likely, to ruin her whole life, nor to the scandal which it had created in the social world, thus making his family and proud name most disagreeably conspicnous. He extorted all the particulars of Pearlo's flight from Elizabeth, and though he knew she could not suffer from want while she had plenty. of money, which, the girl assured him, she had, yet the suspense and uncertainty regarding her fate drove him nearly wild. Where would she go.-where hide her shame and misery?l Who would give her sympathy or care if her health or reason should fail beneath'this terrible blow to all her hopes ? These were some of the ques. tions that haunted him continually, making his days miserableand depriving him of rest at night. Penrle had begged him not to search for her; but he could not rest, and finally went .to London, wheruhberemained several days, making onquiries and searching for her. He inserted a personal in all the papers, which he thought she could not fail to recognise as coming from him if she should see it; but without avail, and he was at last obliged to return to Ashton Manor, where he could only strive for patience and wait. Meanwhile poor, stricken Pearle was beset with varions adventures and dangers. When she entered the express train on the day of her flight, she sank into the nearest seat, feeling as if it mattered little what became. of her. 1Her mind was bewildered, her heart torn and lacerated with her misery, and had some terrible disaster overtaken her, she would have gone outof existence without a regret. She drew her veil still closerover her face, and folding her shawl around her. shoulders, laid back in her chair, oblivious to all save .her desperate desirejto.fly. aed-hide.herself forever from all whom'She had ever kniwn, and particularly from the man 'whom' she hated, and who had so fatally deceived and wronged her. She took no notice' of her fellow- passengers; she had barely sense enough to produce her ticket when the con ducter came aromnd to gather the fares from the passengers. Time was nothing to her-she appeared like someone stupified by some powerful opiate, and yet every sense was keenly alive to her sufferings, She longed for sleep, and and quiet, and rest, but none came to her, and her pulses beat like hammers, every stroke making her cringe with pain; and thus the hours sped on- the day that had broken so fair and beautiful began to wane, thick clouds. gathered and settled down over the bright earth, as if in mourning for the young life which had been so cruelly wrecked. Pearle did not even know when the train reached its destination, although she was dimly conscious of some confusion, and that people were moving about her, and she would have remained there all night had not the guard come to arouse her. " London, miss," he shouted in her ear. She started in a frightened way, and put ler hands to her head as if the harsh tones had hurt her. Her veil fell aside in the act, revealing her beautiful, wearied, and suffering face,and the rough though kind-hearted guard was touched with pity for her. " Are you ill? Shall I call a cab for you, miss 1" he asked, in softened tones. Bat she shook her head wearily, tied her veil over her face again, and taking her satchel, she tottered from the carriage. She would not take a cab, for she feared if she did so it might afford some clew by which she would be traced, and she wanted to hide from every familiar face-to be lost and for gotten, if that was possible. She resolved to go to some quiet and respectable street and search for lodgings, where she could remain until she could decide upon some plan for the long, dreary future. She was not long in finding what she sought, and consenting to the landlady's terms, she was shown to a quiet and not un pleasant apartment, where, feeling for the time secure, and removing her hat and outer garments, she threw herself exhausted upon the bed, and gave herself up to the rest she so much needed. Her weary body and over taxed brain succumbed at last, and she fell into a heavy and dreamless slumber, CHAPTER XVIII, SERVICE HUNTING* When Pearle awoke again it was midnight, and she was astonished to find that she had slept so long. When she first threw herself upon the bed she had only thought to rest a little while from her journey, smd then she would break her long fast and retire for the night. She w:a?S very faint, but she could get nothing to eat at that hour, so she arose and removed her clothing, annd crept into bed again, where she slept until late the next morning, when, upon awaking, she found the sun streaming in warm and bright upon I the carpet. Just cuitside her window there grew a large maple tree, whose leaves were begin ning to turn into rich, bright hues, and now c glowred in the sunlight with rare beauty and loveliness. Some little birds were twitter inlg and singing among the gorgeous foliage their ceaseless, happy songs, andl the air was rosonant with their melody. These sights t and sounds of beauty, life, and joy turned poor Pearle heart-sick anew, and sihe buried I her face in the pillowr with a wild sob of pain. "Alone ! alone ! my life marred and broken almost in the baginning, I cannot bear it," she monned. " My life was beautiful-it was like a poem or a song until Hsi crossed my path; and now it is ruined. I shall never know a peaceful moment again aslong as I live. \VIHAT shall I do Iow mcan heer it 1 I will HoT bear it. I am bound ' -boun~t wit'h ciak vworso than those of a galloy p e. I .wnl ,n bright, happy,:and innocent gil onily one short month ago; and -now-oh, Ieiaven I it was cruel, CRUEL to wreckjyn. life thus. Why should it have been permitted? 's'he went on, wildlyv. " Why must it have been senton atel Why not upon some other, who knows better how to bear it? What have I done to merit it! I hare never comfmitted any crime or great sin; I have a.lwayslived as well as I-kliow how; then why am punished' like this? II there is a God, canhebe jilstandsend such misery upon me ?" "HIIsh I" something seemed to say in reply; and the word came to hier so distinct and solemn thatt a feeling of awe stole oere her... "I"Hish!" Who are you that you should judge the Almighty.? You 'have -never committed sin;' you 'have lived as well as yea knew how.'. WHAT has your life beenh but one cehseless round of selfish pleasure? You have never done anything that wos in 'the Ieast degree disagreeable; you have never denied yourself for others-. never borne it cross:. No one has ever been benefittedby your.life; not even:the 'cupiof cold water' has bcen given by yo to one'of ' earth's weary ons.'. '!st-Ijtt d not knew thajo1sgt;t, did .not know .hht that meent oeu -Prlcro said, inai startiledtoneso if in reply to some audible statement. "I 'hvrelived beyond and iabovie all"that. .I don't know' much about 'sorrows' or' crosses,' or 'earth's weary one.' " Again, softly as a breath but startlingly clear and authoritative, came the answer : "Go out into the highways and hedges, saith One go visit the poor and needy, the sick and the dying; go'"wipe the falling tear; go comfort the mourning. Out of your abundance no tithe has been given; out of your ample time, no fruitful hours for Him who hath a right to the whole. You have no right, to live ' above and beyond it all.' You are 'guilty of no crime,' and yet withhold the Master's due." "',The Master's duel' What is that?" Pearle murmured, the guilty color flushing quickly to her liale face, as she thus argued with her own soul. "Yourself, your life, your- reverent lore. You have given to a poor, frail mortal the love that was due your Maker. There is 'no greiter crime against heaven and heaven's God than InolATRiY.i The beautiful.head of the sorrowing girl was bowed in confusion--she was speechless. Never in'all the?pest had such a view of. life comse up before ;lier.' fl.rita as though an isnel had spoken to bhr. reading a reconl of selfishness, pride, adds idolatry, of which she had never dreamed' until now ; and she bowed, abased, before the truth he uttered, and which, brought thus face to face with, she could but own and recognise. Though deprived of her parents' guardian ship at an early age, shehad never yet known. a care. She had been tenderly sheltered by. an elder brother's love, and no sorrow or trial had ever been allowed to come near her. Thus she had grown to feel that her own happiness, her own ease and pleasure, were the. paramount considerations in her life. She had never been led to think that out of herown happiness she ought to coiltri bate to others who were less fortunate-that she, indeed, had no right to" live beyond and above-" the sorrows of earth. . Then there bad come this beautiful, absorb. ing love-how it startled her to think of it, nowl Yes, she had been guilty of a blind idolatry; she had given all her heart, all the best hopes of her life to Richard Byrnholm, never remembering there were higher, nobler duties that she owed to a greater than he; thait out of the fulness and joy of the life which God had given her, He had a right to, and would demand, something in return. Never in her life had she felt so solemn, so humbled, so conscience-stricken as as she did at this moment, lying there so lonely in that strange room, and thus reviewing her bright past. She had cried out in bitterest rebellion upon awaking to a sense of her misery; now she begun to wonder if she did not deserve to lose her bright hopes, for having so long neglected and forgotten the Giver of ll her former joy. "Can it be that this thing has been sent upon me to arouse me fram a fatal lethargy?". she asked herself, a solemn light in her large gray eyes. "Was it needful that I should be thus warned that this life is not all there is-that there is a future to be prepared for? Perhaps. If I had continued to have every thing my own way, seeking my own selfish pleasure, loving more and more and more, would I ever have thought of all this? and, if not, what would have been the result?. What WILL be the result goW?!' : She shivered, moaning with pain for the lost past, with regret for neglected duties,, and dread for what she feared the lonely future would be. Then her mind involun thrily went back to that sad day when Lady Radcliffe-her gentle mother-lay dying, and she seemed to hear again the words she had said to her then: "My Pearle-I called you so, darling, be. cause to me you were so fair and pure as a baby : because to me you were like some spotless pearl plucked from one of heaven's gates-let your life be like that jewel, pure, spotless. Do not neglect the ! pearl of great price;' do not forget -that you are not your own, that you have been bought with a great price,' and let me find you in heavenat last, as pure and stainless as when God gave you to me." She was only a child then, scarce seven years old, but she remembered the yearning, anxious look in her dying mother's eyes, the tender pathos of her failing voice, and the clinging clasp of her hand, as well as ift it had been but yesterday; and to-day those words came to her with peculiar significance and solemnity. But her rebellious heart would not he conquered in a moment, and again and again she cried out : .I'cannot bear it; it is not right. I will not-bear it." Hour after hour she fought this mighty battle with herself. She arose and dressed, and walked the floor with quick, impatient tread, trying to still the Voice of conscience, groping blindly for some relief for her misery until she grew faint and exlhausted, and be gan to realise that she murst satisfy the de mands of nature or her strength would ut terly fail her. She had eaten nothing since early the day before; and though the very thought of food was loathsome to her, yet she knew she must have it. Sle rang her bell, and ordered the servant who answered it to obtain her a good, whole some menl at the nearest coffee-house, and bring it to her room, It asrs brought, and she forced herself to eat, then threw herself upon the bed, hoping that sleep would once more wrap her newly awakened conscience and senses in forgctful ness. But the drowsy god would not come at her call. She tossed restlessly from side to side. her head aching, her heart breaking, and life seeming too wretched to live. " There is no peace for me any more. I have dreamed a bright, beautiful dream. I have ibeen cruelly awakened, and now only darkness anl misery remain for me. I can not bear it." That wis continually her cry. She would battle with her feelings for hours, arguing with her conscience andl striving to defend herself against its accusings; but she always came back to that one assertion, "I cannot bear it." Thus the days went by, and nearly two weeks passed. She had scarce been out of her room, having ordered all her meals served there, SBut this state bf things could not continue long.. She grew poor and weak; her hands seemed almost transparent, her' eyes sunken and lnstreless. "1Oh, if I could but die and be at peace l' she moaned, one morning, after awaking from a troubled and unrefreshing sleep. Then ageaii, as once b-fore,she ws startled' b that inward voice:. " You are not fit to die. There is no peace for the rebellions." "Not fit to die-no peace for the febel Irlious !" she repeated, despairingly. " Where is peace to he found but in the grave; liow, I then, can I find it!" o 7By snbmissisn to the will of 'One who does not willingly afflict His children," came the voiceless reply. "Shibmission I Cfn I submit 1 Can I bow humbly beneath the stroke that has cut me off from every living being whom I love? I have lost liope, happiness, friends, and home; only loneliness and obscurity remain to me for the rest of my life. Can [ ownr my sen tencejust? Can I kiss the hand that smites ine? Can' I, 'Pcarle IRaddlififc , who have never been crossed in" all my lile: intil now, bend my proud tsill and humbly doelare it is .-Allher? antiyb t 'spiribtaroe in nrmsngainsl. annptinig soforeign to hern.ature;a .nr: ;'"; :, Those.wo wailk in pride He is able to abase." IIow stradge tihat all these Words i of Holy Writ should come to. her. She could not have told where a single passane was to be found, yet they were as- distinct, and accus-. ing, and forcible as if they had been uttered by nnaudible voice. It drove her desperate; she could notbenr this ; she must have some-relief. "Where can I got What shall I do? What is there on earth that can case my pain and give me peace?" Like the whisper of some angelic messen. ger. she seemed to hear: "Go, wornein tiy vineyard. Deny thy self ; take up thy cross; use the talents God has given to your kcepin. for the good of others; and WIIATSOEVER you shall do in His name for the least of His little ones, it shall be the same as done to him, and 'peace' shall be unto you.". "That means that I must forget self, pat ting aside all my willfullness, all my repin ings, and minister unto others. It means that I must forget my own cornfortand plea sure, I must forget my'pain I I must forget that such a person as Pearle Radcliffe exists, except in so far 'as that she must b: sub missive, obedient, and do her duty. Cut, cAN Il" Tihe time had come when this vital ques tion between Per.le Radcliffe's soul and God must be decided for all time and for eternity. . It was no light thing to do--no trivial matter for the Hlaughty,-proud-spirited girl to yield everything, anl submit to beoled like a childl whithersoever He would, even, though it might be in still deeper waters. . For a long time she sat silent, almost mo tionless, thinking, arguing, struggling with the mighty inward force that was moving her as she had never been moved before. Her beautiful face was sad, wan,.and haggard; for the last week, with its mental conflict had told hard upon her. - Gradually a resoe lute look stole into her expressive grey eyes; her lovely mouth settled into lines of decision and firmness. . "I will do it," she murmured at last. "I have lived all my life for myself and my ownn selfish pleasure; henceforth I will live for others and the good I, can do, whether it bringeth peace or not. Henceforth I will live for TIIEE and THINE." She lifted -her -face heavenwail' as' she spoke, then her full heart found relief in a burst of healthful' weeping; while, sinking upon her knees she sobbed out her penitence for a useless past, and her desires foranobler and better future. When she arose she was calm and self-pos. sessed once more, a peaceful light gleamed from her eyes, the rigidlines about her mouth were relaxed, and her whole face shone with a new purpose and a new hope. Hitherto Pearle had been one of the cling. ing kind-one to he cared for, loved, and petted, although she could be independent enough regarding her own right and privi leges. Still, she had never relied upon her self; she had depended upon others for her amusement and pleasure, without considering that she also had duties-that she, too, owed something to those around her. Now her latent character, her reserve force, was beginning to develop beneath this fear. ful blow, which had laid her pdotrate'in the dust, as it were, and which had ground to atoms the crust of pride and selfishniess that had hitherto enveloped her like an impene trable shell. She now saw herself as she was, and realized for the first time the responsi. bility that rests upon every living soul. She had been created an immortal being, with unlimited capabilities and powers, not to work out her own greatness and distinc tion, but to fill some sphere of usefulness, and to improve her talents for the glory of her Creator. She realized that she had no right to live in the narrow, limited, though charmed circle which her fastidious tastes and craved and delighted in, with no thought beyond the present moment's enjoyment, or or the great future which all must, sooner or later, enter upon. But for this trial, this blighting of her fondest hopes, she might have lived all her life and never have known of what staff she was made-never known what depths there were to her nature, nor the sublime heights to which she was capable of rising. She would, instead, have gone on in the same useless, pleasure.loving, frivolous way, and ruined all sweetness and blessedness which she afterward attained by ministering, out of the abund ance of her rich nature, to some of Christ's "little ones,"who otherwise would have gone hungering and starving to the end. Adversity and sorrow often brings out the strong points of one's character, as the rough and laborious exercise of the blacksmith de velops the muscle and sinews, which under other conditions, would have been compara tively strengthless. [earle's first business, after fighting this battle and winning the victory, was to care for her failing and neglected body. This she did so resolutely, that only a few days elapsed before she bcgan to recuperate rapidly. She then procured a copy of all the daily papers, which she perused with eager interest in search of work to do. She knew thait she must fill every hour with something to drive her own sorrow from her mind, if she would follow up the conquest she had be gun. Almost the first thing thut met her eyes in the papers was this somewhat pecu. liar advertisement , LOST I-A "Pearle" of great value. Re. turn at once to A. R. The possessor will understand. She knew that she was the " Pearle " re" ferred to, for it was spelled as she had always written her name. and not like the jewel. She knew, too, that those initials "A. R." stood for Allstone Radcliffe. A wave of bright colour rushed into her face for a moment and then receded, leaving it distorted with anguish, while tears of sor rowful yearning tilled her sad, gray eyes, as she realized how anxious her fond brother must be on her account, and how he longed for her to come back to the shelterof his love and care. But she had determined upon her future course, and nothing could make her swerve from it now. She must hide, at least for a wrhile, from the world before which she had disgraced herself and herfamily. Shcwould not do violencem to every feeling of hernature by living a lic as the wife of a man whom she dipiised; and she could not mingle again .,ith the world, where she had once' reigned r queen, as a divorced wife. 'No; since she could not have the halpi: ness she once hoped for, since she had rashly ruined her own life, she would try to derive something of comfort by ministering to others, who, perhaps, might suffer as she had suffered. She turned resolutely away from that ad vertisement and began reading the " wants," making a note of several as she went along, when a difficulty suddenly presented itself to her mind. I can never obtain a,situalion in a respect. able family without a recommendation or refcrencc.of some kind," she said, thought fully, and with a troubled face. All at once her eyes brightened. "I wonder if it would be rioIvT for ma to do it 2', she continued, as if considering some doubtful question. " I think I am competent to teach what I thoroughly know. I have had the very best education that good masters and a love of study could give me; my accent is very pure both in French and German, and I cecel in inusic. ''es;'I believe I have a" right to. my_ owy' recommendation; I will do it.' She sat down to the table and wrote: a good; seisible ;eceomuieidation for avyoung' woman named Margaret: Ielfert-3lelfert had been her mother's name before lier mar riage-and signed it "MI: Agnes Radcliffe,-of. Ashton Manor," She was a hundred miles from Ashton Manor; she had but fewnac quaintances in London, and these she deter mined to avoid persistently. Armed with this reference, which, secure in her own ability to perform what she undertook. she considered it no wrong to use, she net forth upon the wearisome task of sr vice hunting. The first place of which she had made a note was at the West End, in the most fashionable locality of the city. The house was imposing and aristrocratic in appear ance, and its interior, as Pearle entered, gave her some idea of the wealth of its inmates and their luxurious manner of living. The lady and mistress of all this eleganee, who came to see her in the library, was very pleasant and kind in her manner, and the young girl thought she should like tosneceed in her mission here. But madam's mind was made up for a re fusal of her services the instant she saw Pearle. She was too pretty, too cultivated. too polished in her manner; for madam had sons of an age to appreciate such things more than their own proud position in the world, and she knew it would be dangerous in the extreme to admit this fascinating young per son in her house as governess, notwithstand. ing Pearle's unassuming ways, and the sad story of some sorrow which she could not fail to read in her eyes. She listened courteously while Pearle made her application, and read her reference with evident satisfaction, then graciously told her that she was exceedingly sorry to disappoint her, but she had already decided in favor of some one else. She had made a mental reservation, while talking to Pearle, in, favor of the first ill favored but competent person who should apply. Pearle was disappointed, but not dis heartened, and courageously plodded on her weary errand for hours.. Some places no amount of money would have induced her to accept, and upon applying for others, as in the first instance, her face and grace were her doom. Wonien with susceptible" sons,. or with homely.daughters;. were jealous of her beauty, and would not employ her; indeed; they appeared as' if they: considered, it'a. quite a piersonal insult for .a beautifuil girl t6' presume to seek an, entrance into their family. . At last, nearly wearied out with her fruit less search, Pearle, as a final resort that day, turned to an advertisement which had not been at all attractive to her, but which she had made a noteof in caseeveryothershould fail her, as they had done. The advertise. ment ran thus: WITANTED.-A young person of winning appearance, to interest and amuse an invalid child. "I do not like it-the constant slavery of the care of a fretful peevish child; but it may be the only thing there is for me to do," she raid, as she stood hesitating, after leaving the house where she had made her lastappli astion. She walked slowly on in the direction of the (street indicated by the advertisement, i troubled, undecided expression on her weary face. "I do not want it," she said at last, and stopping short. "I will go back to mylodg ing and rest, and perhaps something more attractive may appear in to-morrow morn. ing's papers." 'With this resolve, she turned to retrace her steps. As she did so, she saw a face and figure on' the other side of the street that made her heart sink like lead in her bosom. The face was turned toward her, the eyes were fastened on her with ian eager,question. ing look that seemed to penetrate even the thick folds of her veil. Although terribly frightened and dismayed by this sudden ap parition, Pearle did not lose her self-posses sion. "I'm afraid he knows me," she thought, her nerves tingling as with an electric shock ; but it will. not do for me to appear to notice it." She even stopped a moment before a sta. tioner's window, as if to examine something displayed there, although she knew that that figure was then in the act of crossing the street. The store was a large one, and ran clear back and opened upon another street at the further end. After considering what it was best for her to do, Pearle, apparently having seen something she wanted, deliberately en tered the shop. That figure following came and stood at the same window where she heul been bhut a moment before, and she could actually feel the keen, baleful glance of those fierce eyes, even though her back was turned in that direction. She made some trifling purchasegirving the ehact ramount named, so as not to he obliged to wait for change-she.could-not stand there long under that espionagj;e-then; with a light, quick tread, she passed out of the other door of the store into the opposite 'street. Once in the' street, fear lent speed to her steps, and she almost flew over the ground, She turned several corners, glancing fur tively back as she did so; but seeing no one following, she took courage, and at last gained the street where she had taken lodging, a feeling of security beginning to take the place of her fright. The house was reiched, the door opened almost immediately to her ring, the last flutter of her garments was upon the ploint of disappearing within, when a man, panting and almost breathless, turned a corner just above. On and on he came, with rapid strides, paused an instant before the door through which Pearle had passed, then, with a sar donic grini on his face, went on muttering in low, fierce tones: "I'm not QUITE sure, but I shall satisfy myself ere long." That man was no other than Adison Cheet ham, and he was reasonably sure that he had at last tracked his prey to her hiding slace, 'I S.CHAPTER XIX. PElRlLE'S CHAOGE. Pdarle, upon gaining her own room, felt secure once more. She was confident that she had outwitted her pursuer, for, on look ing from the window, she could see nothing" of him. She was weary, and for the .lirst time since leaving home, felt really hungry. After eating a hearty supper she retired. and slept soundly and healthfully all through the night. She did not awake very early next inuore. ing, and upon peeping out of her window to see what the day promised to be she was dis mayed beyond measure to see a we!l-known figure pacing back and forth before the house on the oposite side of the street, and fur tively glancing every now and' then up at her window. She realised at once that Adison Cheet ham had tracked her to her hiding-place, and was only waiting some signs of life about the place to" pounce down upon her. She dressed herself with all possible haste, deciding on her plan of action in the mean. time. .."She packed all her small possessions into. her tiavelling hag, counted oat the priceof'' her lodgings and laid 'it upon the table, leaving an extra five shillings, for the land lady had been very kind to her in many little ways. ahe then put on her hat, tied her thick veil closely over her face, when, glancing again into the street, she saw Adison Cheet ham in theact of crossing, and knew she had not a moment to lose. She turned her back upon the cozy little room that had really grown quite home-like to her, and glided down the stairs into the front hall, just as a lod-peal of tle bell echoed through' it. She trembled with nor rvosness as sire realised that only a single door separated her from her enemy, but her resolution to outwit him never for amoment wavered. : t Mrs. Mullens, the landlady, had not yet risen, and there was no one but Biddy, the cook, to answer the bell. Pearle had taken this fact into eonsiderr. tion, and as there was a front and back staircase leading down to the basement, she stood at the head of the front stairs untilehe heard Biddy ascending the back ones, when she passed swiftly and noiselessly down into the kitchen,.out into the little back yard, through ra small gate that had been cut in the fence which separated' the two yards, and so came out upon another street, some little time before Biddy had succeeded in unfastening the hall door, or Adison Cheet ham had made his first enquiry regarding his fugitive wife. "Is your mistress within?" was his first query. "qShure, an' she'd not be. afther being anywhere else at this time iv the mornin'," answered Bridget, in her rich, Milesean brogue. "Can I see herl" "I suppose yez can if yez is willin' to wait for her to get up'; but"-with a knowing quirk of her small twinkling eyes, yez'll not'be plazed wid her if yez calls her before her temper-nap is out." Biddy had learned to designate her mis tress' last morning sleep as her " temper nap," since. she had learned, to her sorrow, that by disturbing her before she was ready .to rise, the natural sweetness (1) of her dis position w-as disturbed for the'day: " Ah l" Mr. Cheetham returned, thoght- .g y fully; thcn:slipping a piece. of silver intol, the girl's' hand, ho' continued: ''"Perhaps'd":: that will not be necessary; maybe 3yon, can telln"'mwhat I wish to know. Yoi-have ? a, young lady lodging here,'I believe ?".: =. ?: "Yis. yer honor; a half a dozen iv them," Biddy returned, viewing the silver with a.:"' loving yet half-suspecting glance. "The one I refer to occapies the front: room second floor. She wears, when on the street, a dark brown suit, a dark straw hat, and a thick veil to match her dress tied over her face." " Shure, sir, is it Miss Melfert yer manes? -and a shiate young leddy she be, too, wid, her sad eyes and winnin' ways, Yis, yer honor she lodges here. " Ahem I yes,' Miss Melfert," Adison Cheetham began, a cunning gleam in his eyes, at having discovered the assumed name that 'earle had given. "Well, I am, a par ticular friend to that young lady. Will you tell her that a gentleman would like to. see her ?" "What name, sir, if ye plane ?" "Never mind the name, my good girl; she will know me when she sees me," he re-. turned. "Yet be a friend to this young leddy--nm I but be suE a friend to yersel'P1" Biddy de manded, dryly. The sight of his money had, for a moment, won her heart; but Pearle, with her gentle ' ways, kind words, and little gifts, had made a true friend of the rough Irish girl during the little while she had been in the house. She knew Pearle had lately known some deep sorrow. She did not like the looks of this strange man, notwithstanding his gift of money-she did not like his refusing to give his name.; and remembering how close the young girl had kept herself, she instinctively feared that this stranger might not be such a "particular friend," after all. Adison Cheetham smiled at the girl's con ning. "You can judge as to that mattir when I tell you I expect to spend my life with the young lady," he said, confidently, and drop ping another piece of money into her hand- . a yellow one this time. Biddy was not proof against such blandish. ments as these. "Lauk I her beau, is it 7" she cried, her red face all aglow with appreciation of the reo mance of the thing. ," Iv coorse yea wants to see her, thin. Coon intil the parlor while I ahpake to her; though I'm in doubt willshe be awake," ," I think she:is,' ':I sawr her at the window- ,.: before I rang,"' the wretchsaid;ashefollowed Biddy into the parlor. . He had indeed caught a glimpse of Pearld, ' as she peeped between the curtains. " Arra, thin, maybe she's expectiii' ye," the girl answered with manother appreciative "I think she is,"he muttered,more to him- . self than in reply to her, and feeling quit .. saure that Pearlo had suspected his vicinity. SHe had trackcd her at last. He had niot* ceased to search for her since leaving Ashton MIanor, and he was now determined that he svould not leave the place without he ae; eompanied him. His chargrin can better be imagined than ' described when Biddyreturned to thd parlor, : with a very perplexed countenance,and made, the startling announcement that Pearle had gone bag and baggage. " . The landlady now made her appearance, looking very sleepy, and not exceedingly pleased at having so early a caller. She uttered an enraged shriek upon being informed of Miss Melfert's departure, and immediately rushed from the room to ascer tain for herself the truth of the report. She soon returned, however, in a calmer frame of mind, having found the money which the girl had left, and which, having counted is end discovered the extra crowa,bad consider ably molified her ire. Adison Cheetham plied the woman with numberlcss questions; but since Pearlo'l ad.. kept her own room nearly all the tired, hold ing very little communication with anyone beyond the ordering of her meals, there was not much to tell, and the balllcd villain finally took his departure, cursing his ill- lucq, but rowing that he would find her 2'-.(oe collinuedlZ." 