'MR CRISP'S DELIVERANCE' Sir, the utterance of Mr Crisp last night was a pleasing surprise . It had no framework like that of Mr Piesse, and was wanting in symmetry, but it gave expression to rare sentiments, and Was spoken with a fluencythat promises a future career to the candidate for North Hobart. He would go in for manhood suffrage pure and simple, and this is a democratic stride, to talk, in these days, of bricks and mortar votes, to talk of the present petty embarrassments and obstructions in the way to the ballot box is to summon up tho hideous ghost of past days , and so, praise to Crisp To incomes above £200 ho would be severely just, and impose on them a legitimate share of the public burdens And in this can there be anything more fair and politic? Here amongst us are swarms of gentlemen, who because they do not embarrass themselves with property, And choose to take all in hard cash, entirely escape contributions to tho State. This must not be any longer. Party government will be unheeded as belonging to the past. Any measures promis ing to lie for the common good will have his, enthusiastic support, come they from either side of the Chamber. And this should be the leading sentiment, must be the chief de sire of a wise Legislature. What has been party government here but an unseemly 'scramble for the sweets and"" gold of , the Treasury,, chest.? , Mr.j Crisp right. Payment, o{ members docs not form a plank in his platform ; and who asks for payment of members but a handful of mediocrities who foolishly fancy that they may some day enjoy the spoils ? To shorten the duration of Parliaments shall he his aim. And surely, three years is enough for the noodles and poodles , the needy and greedy. Good men will always meet their reward by being re- elected, while the seedy sort will be known no longer. Nor does the candidate forget education. He would introduce the technical element, and give to youthful enquirers in mechanics an early, instruction in this art. May I ask if the aspirant to legislative responsibilities would also further give a Nationality to the schoolroom by including it in the many schools how shut out, and. bearing a dis- honourable name? North Hobart, also should be especially cared for and in these days when large sums are voted by Parliament, and are most partially and, one-sidedly dis- tributed, it were wise that a most vigilant eye kept watch. Tho meat tax, too, he would fight against. Mr. Crisp keeps on in his expressions of patriotic desire for.the dealing out justice to all classes, and for the healthful development of the State In his professions he promises well, while sincerity stamps itself upon him. That he will stand in a front place on the ballot-paper seems certain, and to my mind the Chamber will find in him an acquisition. Let it be effort of the constituencies all round to place other men also of worth in the House, and then the future of the country will be sure. JAMES. 