' " ROMISH CONVERTS." (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard) Bet. Sib, — By your usual kind permission,. .;Avpn.' allow me again to bring before the eyes of the public of Australia some fnctB of Bomish 'Converts. In my former letter I have shown how God is converting tbe souls of Romish Priests, Eriars, Monks, Nuns, College Professors, Nobles, both rich and poor, from the lying forgeries of Bomahism to the gospel truth of Protestantism, through tbe learning, zeal, writings, and preach ing, &c.;, of able clergymen and laymen, and brave women, whom the Holy Ghost schools to carry on the spiritual reformation of benighted and intolerant Romanists to win them to Christ. RomanistB bonst of perverts to popery from the ranks of purblind Protestants, but it is our duty to prove they were never real protectants, and that all who forsake the sacred truth of pro testantism, for the mire of Romanism, went back from' God, aB Koran, Dutban, and Abiram, and all their followers. — Num. 16 ; and hosts of others fell away to idolato'ry, and error, and from tVio iriartiwori fflonViintF of fHiMBK f.lio Prnnlififn. nnil Apostles in past ages, by , the wiles of Satan ; who alas 1 tempts weakminded people to stray from God to the Pope, and from tho God-man Christ to the man of sin, and others from virtue to vice, and from the hallowed society of praying Christians to the horrid company of swearing Infidols, But some jellyfish protestants are dumb when papiBtB rave about a few fish-brained pro testants going to rooBt in the Pope's cage, and wonder how this is. And yet they refuse to learn the' real sad causo of this! and when they are honestly, told they scream out like a scared flock of cookatoos and fly away, saying how un charitable you are. I hold it is the lack of real charity ' .to fear or neglect to warn Roman. Catholics to fly from the error of their false ways. And it is tho divine promise of God to His e'ealdiiR and .faithful servants, to shower blqssih'g hot ?i: hipvp, and ' hereafter,' upon all who labour to convert souls' from' Sataii to the' Saviour.' " And they that'.bo1 wise sliairsbihe as" the' brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness, as tho stars for ever and ever." — Dan'. 12, 3, "Brethren, if any of you' do: err from the truth, and one convert him, let biin know that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall, save a soul from. death, and shall hide a multitude of siDs" Jas. 6, 19, 20. These are a few of the divine promises of God to His loyal servants. I could quote hosts of others, but I think that I have given enough to prove my point. And now I come to the fact of the conversion of that illustrious protectant champion Rev. Daniel Foley, who wns a Bomish priest in Ireland, and became a Minister of the " Protestant Church of Ireland," Rector of Tompletoohey, and Prependery of "CaBbel Cathedral," and "In spector of Irish Education many years." He said he was as ignorant as a beast of his native Irish language, while he wbb a papist until he became a protestant. Then he learnt the ancient oracles and movements of early Irish history, and found that " the Irish Protestant Church " was the ancient Church of Iroland ; and that the Bomish Church was far a more vile Upas Tree and alien in Ireland than Mormonism at Salt Lake, America ; or, Mohammedanism in the Holy Land, or Buddhism in Australia. And as Cashel is the most anoient city of Ireland, (" royal, saintly, and learned Cashel,") the city of Kings, Archbishops, Saints, Scholars, Noble Women and Bravo Men, her ancient Schools and College- trained Ouldees, Clergymen, Poets, Statesmen, Historians, Doctors, Lawyers, Authors, Scientists, Navigators, Loaders of the Army and Navy, and Philanthropists, for all the world, in early ages, before popery was planted to curse Ireland ; and Adrian tho Fourth, and the Bomish King Henry tho Second of England, forced Romanism into Ireland by fire and sword, and slew the Arch- uiQuispsj i.-jsuufjO) utiu v/iurgy oi trie uuCleur J.N8Q "Protestant" Church, and took unlawful pos session of the Irish Cathedral, Churches, Par sonages, and Glebes j and sent the Popes, Bishops, PrieBts, Friars, Monks, and Nuns, like locusts and vampires ' into the sacred temples of our beloved "j Irish Protestant Zion," A.D., 1172; and ever since, sent forth from her jeBuiticol schools to curse and degrade Ireland by band of fenians, redhanded murdorers, dynamiters, invinoibles, natjonalists, boycotters, &o.;, committing diabolical nets that would make a wild Zulu of Africa, or a ferocious Maori of New Zealand, or a painted War .Chief of tbe red American Indians, shudder. Popery made learning, arts, science, philosophy, religion, and prosperity to sink in Ireland. She has alas 1 " baptised poor Erin in blood." She cradled plots, rebellions, feuds, murders, vice, ignoranco, malice, beggary, and rags there, and fostered new sham grievances against " Proteataut absentees." Rome's vulgar priests insolently dare to ' force Irish protestant loyalist officers in the Army and Navy to abandon their patriotic posts of national honour, and rob the " British Army and Navy of the bravest sons of Mars" to weaken the power of the British Empire, and chain them by their legs to their beds in Ireland to ' he shot by the Pope's sharpshooters. " But why don't Irish Romanists see that the Pope is the real absentee " who robs Irish papists of millions of pounds sterling yearly by "Peter's pence." Shame upon England to allow an alien Pope to tax tho tjueen s subjects, and rob Ireland worse than tho " piratical Danes of old. Here is the real cause of poverty and misery in Ireland. Romanism teaches papists to rob Irish Protestant Landlords, and shoot these if tbeyask their rents, and the Priests, the I.andleague and the Pope fleece' the unfortunate papists unmercifully, and 'leave them groaning in poverty, rags, and vermin. When Gladstone robbed the " Irish, &c.;, Protestant Chnrch to please the papists and enrich popery with the spoils of protestantism, and even dared hint the banding over of the Schools, Collegos, Churches, and Cathedrals of protestants to papists, Dr. Foley boldly told all the world that ho would take a torch in ench hand and Bet fire to every one of them rather than they should be desecrated by tho foulest superstitious, and the God insulting idolatrous sacrifice of the Bomish Mass." Borne is now plotting the robbery of the Irish Landlords, trying to slay the only help the Irish protestant church has there. But Irish scholars see how Borne robbed the Irish protestant church in past years. The Danes robbed her, foreign marauders spoiled her, but she rose again and burst the web of those alien spiders, and spread all over the land in all her national glory ; and she is bound, bv God's heln. to flourish again in spite of all the united force of Satan or tho Popo, as long as her bishops, clergy, and illustrious protestant people cling to tbe Bible und our Divine Lord Jesus Christ. I pray for this in the beautiful words of tbe poem of my learned friend the Rt. Rev. Dr. Walsh, D.D., &c.;, the present Lord Bishop of Osaory : — " May she her holy lot fulfil, God's sanctuary to be ; And Btand amid tho nations still, A Witness Lord for Thee," &c.; Tho Rev. Canon Count Campobello, of St. Peter's Cathedral Borne, lately renounced the Romish Church, because he states the dogma of papal infallibility is a fraud. And a nephew of the late Pope Pius the Ninth, fled from Borne to tho protestant faith, like the former. And the Rev. Father Roberts, of Westminster, England (nephew of Cardinal Manning) has left Rome to . enter the protestant church, which his jesuitical undo deserted, because God led him to see the beastly doctrine of Romish celibacy. Rome dares to deny the real conversion of Maria Monk, which is as authentic as the conversion of Lvdia. of old. Maria Monk fled from the Romish Con vent of Montreal, Canada, because of the profligacy of nunnery life< Poor Jane Ray vai a caged bird in the same Popish Bastile. She panted, sighed, and Bang daily, like multitudes of other nuns, oraving deliverance, and for the bliss of wedded life as follows: — " I. wish I was married, , And nothing to rue ; With plenty of money, And nothing to do. ; Because I am sick ' Of o'onveutuallifo; I long to! become . . ! .. ' Som:e honest man's wife," &o.; :: Bemember the cruelty whieh.!the. Bomish Nun . Miss' Saurin suffered from the" oriiel hands, of Mre. Star, the rev. Mother, of Nottingham Cqhverit. in England. Slio pulled the''hSir,"of . her head, she starved her ob apple pedis for doiys, and made her dutj' the sign "of the cross with ' her ' tongue upon, wet cow dung,' thrice. daily, and keep her caged dud'fcttered'iu her cell like a'felloii, and forged a lie' againBt that brtive girl, saying she stole the food from tbe girls of the Convent Day School, ' whioh was afterwards proved ' to be the moBt deliberate lie, by fourteen girls of the same Bchool, who stated she was the best, cleverest, and kindest nun of all the nuns of that convent. The 'popish Bishop aided the rev. AbbesB to persecute her, and forced away her brother the Rev. Mr. Saurin, and chained bitn in some foreign "Monastery, in the fetters of inquisitorial cruelty, because he denounced the Bishop,' the Rev. Mother, and the abominations of Convents. But Mibs Saurin's unole, the Rev. Father Sanriu, came from Ireland, and in open court at West minster,' England, in 1867, he denounced the Convents, Rev. Mother, and popish 'Bishop, and called them living monsters, &c.; Lord Pqnzanoe was judge tnere and condemned Convents; and the life of sisterhoods and brotherhoods, as living nuisances in every land. He gave judgment for the liberation of Miss Saurin, and made Rome pay her - back her fortune which the Convent authorities had received from her when she became a nun there. I was then' residing' in London and heard the whole- case, which -would make the blood freeze in the veins of : any Christian at the horrors of that one Convent alone. And still England allows those Convents, as the Pope's prisons, to disgrace the honour and liberty of the British Empire. We remember the Buffering of Miss Keough, niece- of bravo Judge ' Keough, in the Convent in Armagh, Ireland, from the catlike cruelty of the: Rev. Superioress, but she fled, saying.she would never allow Rome to suffer a slater's daughter to gag and persecute a lady. Yours sinoerely in Christ, DR. LOONEY. 