RAE AND TENNYSON'S LATEST l'OEMS COMPARED. I Till! EDITOB,—Sir,—The public would liavo willingly cxcused you for leaving out tho opinion of Mosquito in your last week's issue. I am not sure that ever a satisfactory answer has been given to tile question, "What is,tho use, Of ihosqiiitos ? 'Sty experience" «—their hum brings misery, and their sting, irritation. So I consider tho insect a nuisance. I am not charging Bcndigo Mosquito with tlip. faults of his race, but will, from his own works, judge whether he has the soul of a man or an insect. Mosquito sayB " All tho letters published in your paper, so far, go to prove that Mr. Rao is immensely the more gifted of tho two. That indicates filial and editorial afteifion, for, as no letters have appeared in faror of poor old Tennyson, tho infcronco is fair that those on that side have been waste-paper basketed." This is surely tho hum of a very small insccl, inclined to dishonor the whole fourth estate. The Bendigo Independent must bo the very smallest of little papers, when such n small writer knows it is quite fair tn waste-paper basket opinions at variant with the views of tlio proprietor :H3 editor. I should think, Mr. Editor, yi of going out of your way to publish Mi c quito's remarks should make him feel ashamed, if ho has the sense of feeling, and sho%v him there are paj era that have reached a standard of honor far beyond the highest flight of his imagination. Mosquito calls up the shados of tlie teeming libraries of tho ancient and modern world,—the ghosts of Kendull Lindsay Gordon, nnd Marcus Clarke, to protest against my trcriioudous assertion fi He Bays, ' tiio letters go to prove Mr. Rae is the more kitted.' I never mentioned poetic gifts, or compared their works by tho rulo of what the world calls rylhm oi poetry.' 1 said then, and say now, that, in tho field of moral instruction Rac stands unrivalled by Tennyson or any other writer. Only a blind inscct will see a tremendous assertion in that. Mosquito may call the spirits of Kendall—Gordon— and Clarke from tho vasty deep, but will they come ? and will they bring among them all, one piece of pure moral teaching to ten of line's. I once met a person who said he read and liked llae's poetry down to the stupid moral at tho end. Such a person is no moro a judge nt poetry classed in the field of moral instruction, than n child is a judgo of Shakenpeare becausc it knows the Jotters. He may laugh at the idea but that does not alter the fact. I would be very soriy to give pain to Mr. Eae, such is far from being my intention. He will however he" iihln to see - there .-ore some in the world Who can 'understand him and appreciate his works. .He must however allow me to give this mosquito a gentle shake and make him help me to prove that Rae is superior to Tennyson Mosquito says there are lines In Tcnnyson scarcely surpassed by Shakespeare, Milton or Byron. It is fair to infer that these four stand at the top of Mosquito's list. In large centres of population it has become quite common for journals to call for a vote of the people on tho best authors, each being at liberty to CIIOOFO their favourites. That being done, they have now taken a vote on the worst, that is, thoso authors whose works have been the greatest curse to the world. Tlio pride of place fell to Ouido, Zola second, and for third and fourth, Ingersoll and 13yron were nracketed together. Mosquito admits that Rae's rhymes never did anyone an ounce of harm, they have caused tucrri-. inent, and have perhaps done a little good. This is but tlio very faintest of small praise and displays the sound of an envious inscct, yet it unconsciously becomes a trumpet of praise when we contrast it with Tennyson, whom he classes under Byron, and the united vote of a people brackets Byron with Ingersoll. Thoro arecrcaturcB in this world, aye, full grown in body and yot with souls so small that two of them could get into tho body of ono small mosquito. Thoy aro the ones that make the most moise and would do tho most harm if they could. Such are followers of nnd believers in Byron and Ingersoll. What a precious tiling if it could bo said of them, " they never did any barm." They have done so much harm that a united vote of the people has dcclarcd their writings a curse to the world. Some may cavil at that decision, but there 6tands the solemn fact for all that, and I would adviso Mosquto to seek light, for at present he is groping in the dark and exposing himself to the ridicule of judges. I see Mr. Eae wishes the competition removed from all connection with your office. In that ho shown his high sense of honor. I am satisfied so long <u a oertainty is afforded that the. desired object will be brought about Kindly intimate if preliminary etrangemente ire beiug made and oblige—Yours. {Preliminary arrangements. aro-"a1most .complete and vrill ho announced 'before the end of tliepresdnt.mohth GEGFIGE MARSHALL. ED. N.M.A 