Aliscellsuisea. While explorers are pouring out of Europe all over the world it ip in teresting to hear of a geographical liseovery in Europe itself. A lake lias been found whose existence was unknown, and also, several ranges whose position has never been re corded on any map. ...The discovery was made by Dr. Joubernat, a member of an Alpine Club, in the heart of the Pyrenees. . Certain tracks of these rugged mountains are almost continually enveloped in mist, and so have never been properly Oxplored The equipment of the laek Ob servatory is advancing steadily, so that very shortly astronomy will have the benefit of observations made at a great height in the purest air in the world. In 18*4 Mr. James Dick formed the thoroughly Yankeeresoive that America should possess the big gest telescope in the world at the greatest elevation. Mount Hamilton in California, which is over 6,000 feet high, was chosen as the site, and Mr. Lick endowed a trust with £140,000, the main condition laid down being that a telescope was to be secured surpassing all existing in struments. The difficulty of the task will be appreciated when it is considered that attempts to get the two big lenses cast kept the Erench firm, Eeil & Co., occupied for three or four years. It was only quite recently that after more than twenty ! castings satisfactory results have been obtained. The finishing of the lenses is entrusted to the American, Alvan Clark, while the general ar rangements of the observatory are in charge of G-rubb, of Dublin. In his "Origin of Species" Dar win showed what an interest and im portance thequeStion of the geographi cal distribution of plants and animals possesses in connection with the theory of evolution. Much work has been done in this direction all over the world sincejthe last edition of Darwin's book, but the most impor tant is that recently published by Mr. Hemsley on ^the botanical collections of the Challenger expedition. He de monstrates a very interesting connec tion betwesn the flora of Australia and South America,- forty-five species are common to the two continents. Of course this seems a small enough number out of the immense number that belongs to each, but it beeomes very significant when it is noted that the species which are common occur in the most southern parts of South America, while in Australia they are found only on the tops of the moun tains of Yietoria .and Tasmania. If Dr. Croll's theory of alternate glacial epochs in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres is true, then during the last great southern glacial period we could imagine the extreme south of South America as completely under the huge ice cap envelopinglthe South Pole while Australia, if not encroached upon by the ice, might in the south have a climate like that of Patagonia to-day. Under these eireuinstaness it i3 easy to imagine continual communication between the two eontinents by means of icebergs in the manner that Lyell suggested, and the consequent immigration of species would recede to the most southerly point of America, but in Australia they could find re fuge only on the mountain tops of Victoria and Tasmania and New Zea land. We do not know how many Antarctic species we may once have had iu common with South America— | to-day we know probably only a few I of the survivors. Lettuce Sax,au.—Three large heads of lettuee, wash, squeeze, dry and chop not too fine ■ add one cup of vinegar, salt aud pepper, four large tablespoonfuls of sugar in the vinegar, and pour over the lettuce; add one half-cup sweet or sour cream and two i hard-boiled eggs chopped fine. The Duke of Argyle has been < ting rather a ridiculous figure in pages of Nature. He has beei dabbler in science, and has won a little reputation as a scientisl Presbyterian circles for his attem to reconcile modern discoveries w the dogmas of the "Confession Paith." In the April and 1/ numbers of the Nineteenth Centi Herbert Spencer, in a general revi of the question of organic evoluti* declared that natural selection cam be regarded as the ultimate cause the origin of species, and in a paj read before the Linnaean Socie Mr. Bomanes made the same stai ment. Thereupon the Duke wrc to Nature, complacently stath that this was exactly what he hi always urged, and rejoicing that M Spencer aud Mr. Bomanes had seen to leave the error of their philosoph ways ard come round o this view. ( course hehad thoroughly mistaken hoi writers. What they were seeking' ■ to make clear is "that while natur selection (given variation in the i] dividual) will produce difference < species, it cannot be said to prodm or be the sole cause of species. N< body ever asserted this last prbpos tion. Both Herbert Spencer and* M Bomanes assume natural selection i have been thoroughly -demonstratec they wish to go deeper. Just as the law of graritatbn-sdqes not explain how matter attracts matter; »"d yet is a most important*^yffl|al }aw, so with naturalselect^n.|/l^ of a r gjrU in his basjte t|:^e®1^ MaaeboB of iraaBra.-^ mu tually ii^g^ned-feataiiese two staunch evolutionists were 'abandoning the theory,' "Abstinenta" was the; nama given to a sect in Prance and Spain, about the year aOOrwlfoieoloef 'teiiSfe ~ were opposition'of marriage;: •acpn-:" detonation ofjueat Yak'~fhnd placing the "Holy; Ghost ainohg~tiie-- T created beings., .." •. , ' That . deUhopne. ^ulterptfonof: is• now ;substantiated beyond /all question byevidenee given in a re port just received from tbe Agricul tural Department of.BeugaL The Di rector of the DepartnteutJ^td' make inquiry into several pointahearihg upon the growtb^jaj sale pf/wheat,, f one of which related to th^Jinpure / : condition in which Indian wheafcis exported. This is, adrmtted-to he an evil hy aE theiofl^s of the Dc- - partmqiifc, aud=bypersojua whoux they consulted on the iquesfeipp! bot the- re sponsibility of " it ia;: tbasbiWT*'j'oo>;the shippers whpj. 1b ; tuia, lay tbe blame on buyers in England. The Giilciitfei shippers deduct - a isihuBiiiB ro&actiou; of &. per .cent.,; for, im purities in alt tbe. wheat they pur chase, noroatteirhow. pore tb may be. Consequently .it is. to the interest off the grower or of the local deader to> mix dirt with )hia wheat ;"wlien. - the proportion , of impurities- ia less than 5- I per cent;, and the Dealer tabes- eaie to do this ifftlxegrower does not.. We have a striking exarnpleof the mischief often produced. by a jstereotyjiedtrade: custom. The manager - of a . .large es^* tate, on which there ave 300,000 acres suitable for wheat, proposed to induce the ryots to grow wheat alone,. audi not mixed with barley -of linseed, and to purchase Kilglisli ■ machinery '- -for winnowing the grain; but when h» applied to one of tbe chief exporting firms of Cilcutta to- ascertain what advantage be would gain by su pjily iit«e clean grain, he was formed that ••■ow ing to the aettoo of the iuiencha-nts i» Eogl&nd; they could not afford 1 © pay more" for a dean sample thim they di<8 now for grain with A per cent, re fraction." Upon hearing this. the . manager abin loncd the idea of grow ing and cleaning wheat on a large scale. At an inquest, held at Bath on tb& deal h of an old lady named Heard, jfc was ascertained that she had died from: shock to the system caused' by the sting of a-wasp. A Kiss for CffAttrrc's Sake:—A.t a race.'ourse in Norinandy, sojpe E g lishmen were admiring the picturesque and historic costume of the-women in tbe country. Several of these gentle men jockeys, slightly excited by the im pressions of their d<geiZnerr weregither-. ed tcgether in a knot, admiring uofc only tlie costume, but the captivating faces of the women of]Stormandyr whose beauty were Iieigtlrened by the piquant originality of their lofty lace head-gear. These sportsmen wei^e uttering their cora-ments on the passersby in a loud tone of voice,, when thek attention was arrested1 by tlie extraordinary beauty of a young woman, evidently justmaraed,. wheat that moment passed by. She was walking in the oudst of a group o£ country lads and lasses in their silk dresses and long- tailed, short: waisted black coats, mid in the company might.-be seen. the black ' cassocks of tire cure -and: viear of - the parish. ."What-a beauty," exclaimed one of tire sportsmen ; "oa my honor I'd give two sovereigns foi- a kiss of her rosy cheek." " Hallo 1 herein a bifstek who says he'll give two sovereigns for a kiss of our Iiouise," said a bumpkin in black velvet vest and hobnailed shoes. "Ah! ah 1" cried several of the girls together, "how generous, two louis are not Peru!" "Well; then, I'll give three," said the Englishman The young woman to w bom=the provocation was addressed looking towards the Englishman, and smiling, said,.' ** It would give you a good deal of pleasure; then, Monsieur?" '.'Oh! an im mense deal!" " Well, in that. case," .continued she, after ® little hesitation, " give five louis, and hero's my cheek.'/ Thus challenged, his liberality would not have backed out had it cost hiin twenty guineas. Hie; five > golden pieces were drawn' fromhispurse^nd pl&eed; in the young woman's hands;, who honestly performed her I part/of tl^e Contract; and received a brace of kisses/ " Whatdiwihdfall,"eried she g^ily; " here, M. le Cure, arp'. five go|d pipcesJpF the ppor. p£^urjj^ns)i.',r^''As. she finished, ' acclamations arose, on jail; sicles—?f Oh! if : that isiito be^the ^nse . of the money, a guinea "morevfm: ther poor;? said the spo^nfinj kndthe ac- ^' clpmatipns. wet© louder ^han 'ever.— : Efats Unis. / /'r -! * '-5': o Printed and puhlished. -J. jB ' Matheb & j3rE9j.A^]S^ -at the fTejratd :■ office, Ormerod-street, Kairacoorte 