? IT certainly did look a little threatening early last Saturday morning, but towards midday tbe sou shone brilliantly out, and a perfect Derby day was the result. Of course the Derby day pales into inBiguificanc® before Cup day, but nevertheless tbe general public turn out iu rare force to see the crack three- year-olds of the vear settling pretentions over a mile and a half of ground 'aud the aliening day of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting of 188c was no exception to the rule. Some five and thirty thousand spectators witnessed the contest, and when Trident sailed home, & two lengths winner from Chesham the cheering was stentorian. Not so stentorian perhaps 'as if Chesham had reversed positions with him, for Mr D Cooper has firmly established himself a popular favorite in Victoria, consequently the public would have went for him to a man, besides which the leather-lunged disciples of Rowney's H.B. would have certainly been much more clamorous than when the favourite won. THE Melbourne Stakes, weight for age, one mil and a-quarter, set the performances going, and out of the ten starters the South Australian hoi-6e, Isonomy, found most friends and supporters, the weight of metal eventually bringing him down to 2 to 1; Sheet Anchor was next best in demand at 4 to 1, whilst Crossfire at 5 Bravo at 8, and Boolka, Industry and Lord William at 10 to 1 each, also received liberal support. Isonomy and Boolka held the rest of the field safe from the fall of the flag, and although they were pulled back to their horses they came away when called upon, a rattling set to between Isonomy (Quinn) and Boolka (Olds) resulting iu a dead beat; Bravo third, three lengths away. Time, 2inin. 12£sec. IN tlie run-off after the last race, Isonomy, with odds of 6 to 4 on him, came away from his opponent just inside the distance, and romped in by four lengtfcsia 2min. lOJsec—just two seconds faster than the race had been run in. TWELVE started for the Hotham Handicap, a mile and a-half and a distance, the New South Welshmen dividing their patronage between Hexham and Lancer, whilst not a few Victorians pinned their faith to the unfortunate Claptrap or still more unfortunate Pencil. An the close of betting operations Hexham ruled the roast at 4 to 1, whilst 5 to 1 was on offer about Claptrap, 6 to 1 Lancer, Pencil and First Prince, 8 to 1 Lesbia, 10 to 1 Salvo and RemuB. Salvo, Hexham and Lesbia, in turn, held the pride of place! Claptrap being kept back last. Lesbia was in command at the abattoirs, but entering tbe straight Hexham was the party. Claptrap coming up on the leaders hand over fist. Once into the straight Mr. Whittingham'shorselett his horses as if they were standing still, and taking the inside ruuning won with great ease by two lengths, Hesham second, half a length in advance of Lancer, who was followed home by The Pencil, Silver King, Ringmaster and Salvo. Time (unexceptionally fast), 2min. 52sec, EIGHTEEN two-year-olds of high degree deployed before Mr. G. Watson for the rich Maribyrnong Plate, with its thousand sovereigns added money. Punters were tied up in a bit of a knot over this event, the 14-lb. penalty that Hortense had to put up preventing her being the decided first favourite she would have reigned under different circumstances. Still, those who had backed her for the Great Foal Stakes at Caulfield did not desert her, and any offers of 7 to 1 were nipped up eagerly. After boxing the compass a good deal the wind at last set dead fair for HaleB' mount, and so Lava started at 4 to 1; Perhaps, at 5 tol; Mistletoe, 6 to 1; Hortense, 13 to 2; Aberdeen and Huntingtower, 10 to 1 each; and Lord Carrington's filly, Esperance, 12 to 1. The latter put her admirers out of court very early, as on coming to the tan crossing she evidently considered a few more gallops on the sand track would prove extreinelv beneficial, and making a dart for the scrubbing boxes, the subsequent proceedings interested her no more. An excellent start put them all in it, but from the jump-off it was plainly to be seen the pace was not intended to be a cracker. When the tan was crossed Bedouin (the Darriwell—Black Gipsy colt) showed out in front, followed by Perhaps, Oceana and Hortense. Oceana reached Bedouin a furlong from bome, but immediately subsided, her stable companion, Huntingtower, taking her place. At the end of the lawn Hortense put in her claim, and passing Bedouin and Huntingtower in turn she scored a clever victory by a length, Huntingtower half a length iu front of Bedouin, who was followed by Lava, Aberdeen and Eckeraley. Time, lmin. 7§sec. " SEVEN was the main" for the Derby, to wit, Trident, Chesham, Aglaos, First Consul, Kingflab, Maddelina and Volcano. Those were the starters, and thus they ran. Of course, betting there was none—that • amongst medium punters. "Five to two on was Trident's nominal price, but there's wasn t mu<ui biz., Maddelina at 6, and Volcano at 10, being occasionally nibbled at. The race is easily portrayed ; the Hon. James White had two horses engaged, Mr. D. Cooper had one. Consequently, Hales, on tna favourite, played the waiting game, and after Volca.no had wound up his mission by colliding with the i»us, Trident, who took some punishment to sbake nun up. finally wore Chesham down and won easily by two lengths in 2 min. 39 sec., the same time as Martim-HMr}' occupied over the journey, and tbe record for our Victorian Derby. Aglaos was third, close on a score lengn» away. THERE was a Selling Race, of seven F url ®S upon the programme, and of the nine starters ancient chestnut gelding The Ghost was considered reaJ jam, so that at last you had to lay 5 to4whim, Stafford party fancied their show, or else somebody ew did, and consequently he Btartedat7to 2. But there a four-year-old named Huron, byPowhattan out olfflM fly, on the war-path, and at six furlongs and a hau »» showed them aclean pair of heels, and wonm acommou canter by a length and a quarter from The Ghost, w™ was two length! and a hall in front of Stafford. Time. " min. 29 sec. And then didn't the nousey sports who dropped their tin bite 1 Ra-ther. And when he was subiM^ to auction how they went for him. But mine hoetoi» Newmarket Hotel, Dowling Forest, still possesses^ albeit it cost him 230 sovs.to retain him, the WU0>«» which goes to the club. THE last event on the card, tbe Coburg Stal one mile and a furlong, was another throw in tor books, The Nun being backed down to 5 to 2 in an™ a despised outsider, named Daystar, aided by a \iinianding start, just getting home in front of St. John aud Hogmanay in 1 min. 57* sec. COINCIDENCES are curious things. Thus. Mr. P. Tmnond trains the second for the Maribyrnong Plate irfiintinfitower), and second for the Darby (Chesham). R F Dakin trains the third for the Maribyrnong riatf (bedouin) and the third for the Derby (Aglaos). 1 lat 1 OLYMPUS. ^MOXflST the sensations of the week is the result , * iie latest event in the racing year. Arsenal's win janded the books safely on dryland, and the solemn liusbon the Lawn which succeeded the noisy acclamations iirior to the finish of the race was a sad foreboding as to the state of the public purse on the event and thecrushinc defeat of the favourite. English's modesty aud the nianuer in which he handled his horse has excited much commendation, aud the win, though viewed with disfavour by the multitude, was, at least, a well-scored ouo, „. 01.] if>(] {]]) with judgment aud foresight on the part of the rider, aided by the care aud consideration of tlie (miner, who must now chuckle at the chagrin of the friends'of tbe luckless score and more of favourites of the Melbourne Cup of 1886. Evidently the merits of Arsenal were considerably underrated by the handicapper. THE fii'st race of the day, the Hurdle Race, cxeiti'd much attention, notwithstanding the wholesale scnitcliings which reduced the starters to seven. The, favourites, Caloola aud Ocean, were in splendid fettle font Blue Mountain won easily by a length, with Ocean a second, in close tussle with Encore, who made an excellent tliird. The Kensington States went to Sumatra, who rode a plucky race, aud won easily by two lengths in 1 mil], ik sec., Eckersley making a good secoud. Nineteen entered" for the five furlong Nursery Handicap, which was won by Huutingtower in X miu. -U sec., Perhaps set on:l bv a length. The Tan Yean Stakes fell to The Levite out of a Hold of ten, by half a length in advance of Hogmanay, who made a brave effort for a win. 