Tax fib-rre cf toe Im-ert-l ar-hr-rides so obtatr | e — -i..-" cf Spisish tariff in iatccrr cf : Bri-ffto trLntto-txtrres is no ressrr why Acstra- 3 idar wines tootld net be admitted so toe mother : rot— try at a lower -dry. Had rre toe Spsrtto - Govemtrest shrSed at toe test trc-m-ern toe negrediff-cs between the two iihto : rles for a . red-trff-r ir toe tax or sherry — or a rstetrg ci iSsIiT ilxO!>Iis saod&ld;, <,» "» vil>sa J are aimtttei under the e itetio-z duty, world : have beer completed. Ami toe pccdrse cf our vineyards world have beer p-'arei or a leTel with these 0: Xeres de te Frorters. Xotoing | but too rigid adherence no toe free-trade system i ootid have deprirei us c-i toe bensfft vhidh was at -one time ahrcst within our gutsm It is not | easy to understand why the Spirito custom- ; h use system should iav-r-rr toe G-"r-trtr so i much more toxn toe Brirish ardstr, unless toe : retention of Gibraltar be toe reck of offeree. Tre mother country admi-s evety Spttdsh ox- pore but wire free, and must be ir every re spect a much better customer of the D.trs than Germany. Yet there is a cozen -trtfol tres-y , between them and toe Germans, under whi-to the tetter almost moropt-lioe toe Spanish mar ket for arttmes, width Great Britain could se i at loser noes. And as she only lever by which toe Imperii! Government oo-rii remove toe dii- ; fererne between the tax c-r British and Gee mar : goods was toe duty -or sherry, ci which toe : mother country is ky far toe litees-i ttir- ; chaser, she Gtedst-oue Mhuistry effere' bo all-ow ; wines c-f su irnres.sed strength to enter the United Eir-gdom at toe present rate of duty. 1 The ataeiarioa would have x=tece>i m-cst, if xt ' ,T Australtet! wines in an tartly fsT-.unii-Ie ! p to if or. ate cur vdgaemso were maturely elated ' at toe prospect « a terser detnxt: i for their reo- dute. The csuse whi-to toe Spinier Ci-t-iret : asr-gcod :cr n-refrl filing toe agreement entered into by toe respective Governments was an alleged tern ii ' en toe port ef the Ghost- re 1 Miaistiy. but as ike tetter had tidite-'e-i toe nsgottetit-ns, and was alwiys ansdous to com- 1 plete toeuo, toe defence was a mere subter fuge. Ibe ret: obstacle is sail no lave been -toe opposition cf the if pints': pr.carir- ortsts, who were snore afraid cf British r German oosrpsnric-r , and toe insifiiiy cf the hflnte-ry to dts tense toeir iuppt rn It seems t-u us, how ever. tot:, one means oi forcing toe hand cf toe Spanish Cabinet would be toe srmtotg to Aus- tzalte cf ' — cvn-cesswu offered to toe fotm-er. The superior strength of our wines, as com- . pared wfto th'jse cf France, rend ere item more- sub alio no the taste cf a pe:-p!e with a coJ clitsme t and if our tignereeii could get their pr-duce into toe British Etzrkc-t at toe existing duty for French wines, it is highly probable our vintages would lessen the demand for ihehghly : forfffed ones c-f Spain. At prestot, she loses nothing ky her unfair system of taxing British gOfds mora highly four German ones, box rue : her sales cf sherry to toe British vine drinker will a.-t ba lessened. But, if she found to; Antral km. vfotege was diminishiag, toe cin- sumptioQ of her chief expert to Great Britain, ; toe would be far more likely to place the ot-nn- ; try that buys much f:oa her on c level with ; cue that takes compsratiiely Idtsle. J Y.'e are gteri to notice that Mr Service's rug- ' gestion, that toe Australian colonies should i stake a unite d effkrt to obtain a reduction in the duty on our wines, is being acted on. It dees ; not yet appear whether there is unanimity on sh ; subject, though we should imagine there cm be no doubt this will be the case. Queensland, s" which is always in sympathy with Victoria in any movement for the benefit c-f Australia, ha3 ; already insxmcted her Agent-Generel to eo. i operate with the other representatives cf toe j colonies on this matter, and the present Cabinet 5 is likely to giro s more favourable consideration | of toe sub jam toxn its predecessor. 4 'though j the Earl o: Salisbury is a free-trader by cocvxc- j Jon, he cannon but see that the interest? of the ! United Kingdom will be sucssrveo by iorierinu its commercial intercourse with i-s best cus- fornera. If it be true, ss oemteaded by free- trade doctrinaires, that the mother ctuntry camso: purchase Spanish wines without sending I an equivalent to the shape of merchandise, the j same rule will apply to the colonies. If les- i seued importations cf sherry shoa'd mean a ! proportionate decline hi exports tions of British , manufactures to Spain, increased sales of Aus- | traiian wines in Great Britain must simply ! augment exports cf her nana fade res to this part of the world. And, there ought to be no hesitation in preferring larger ot-mmfrcisl in tercourse with the colonies to toe same amount of business with any fowtign country. The only real difficulty in raising toe Hcohoiic standard of wines admitted under the present scale of duties in the "United Kingdom is the loss of revenue. But as this could not be a j very serious item, it should no: be an insnr- ; mo ud table obsiacle, and we should think the i Chancellor of the Exchequer ought to be able j toSrnd aassas cf zaareges toe lass by cBasaa AaS watrrlfi sot extoia amrh cg-g'tsStkp. The - -c:ci05sq:-x stekaf ky toe Ams-xrUitm ci:cfies is . w=3 -fcsc-rvci. wxtod be btoxly ipcraritsafi sy I toem, sac migki i-e grtxtei witova esy c:e- ; : Essrs-kte: Eimrifitte. i 