jumbo afbioanus. J umbo has heen Btuffed. The first thing was to build a huge frame of wood and iron that should conform to the great beast's well-known shape. This was boarded dp with two^inch Btrips until it looked like a hogshead mounted on four piles of kegs. Then the hide, half an inch thiok and weighing 1,528 pounds, was drawn over this frame. The hide was taken off his huge carcass in three pieces, and steeped in a solution of arsenic, alum, and corrosivo sub limate for two months before it went upon the wooden statue of Jumbo. Then his tusks were stuck into the sockets prepared for them, little brown glass eyes were put in their places, a coquettish twist was given to his trunk, and Jumbo was himself again. The whole struc ture,* weighing about three tons, stands on a strong platform, and is so bolted together that the fatigues of travel are not expected to injure it at all. As tho effigy stands cn its pedastalin Professor "Ward's laboratory, it is 14 feet long, 12 feet high, IS feet about the girth, 4 feet 10 inches across the cars, and 5 feet 3 inches around the feet. In places the skin is one and a half inches thick, and looks and feds like tho hark of an old maple tree. It is sewed up so neatly that the seams can not be discovered, and it iB held to its place on tho wooden frame by more than 74,000 naile. There are sparse coarse hairs all over it, and thoso on the trunk are sharp and stiff as needles. There were a number of longer bairs growing at tho tip of his tail, but the enterprising young vandals of Canada plucked them out while he vna lying in state at St. Thomas and told them to relic hunters at five dollars each. Next in import ance to the substantial ghost of "J. Africanus," stands his skeleton. It weighs 800 pounds, and is said by Professor Ward to he the largest skeleton of a modern terrestrial mammal in the world. It towers up in the air, a frame-work of huge, bleached bones and ribs, held together by iron and copper rods, bolts, and rivets. The great backbone is there from tip of tail to "cervical vertebra?/' with leather washers in place oi tho usual gristle hotween the joints. The dorsal vertebra?, which stick up in the air like the spines oh the backs of eome dis»>grco able varieties of little fish, have a curious ex pression in the lumbar region- The skeleton is to he taken »purt in travelling, and a number | of boxes have been prepared to receive the com- j penent parte. The pieces are labelled— | * * Jumbo Africanus, right from leg/' &c..; to'pre- ! Tent "mixing those bones up" on the road. 