The very height of political impudence was reached a few davs ago when twenty- one members of the dying Assembly met in Parliament House, and appointed Mr. Deakin leader of the Liberals, and gave him permission to coalesce with Mr. Duncan Gillies. A week previously Mr. Graham Berry, the former " run-down dingo " of the AGE office, had the presumption to tell the Liberals how they should act in his absence ! Of course such imper- tinence was received with laughter, and the pseudo- warrior of " broken heads and flaming houses" notoriety, discreetly kept away at the meeting referred to. Mr. J. Woods and a few others pointed out the impropriety of either appointing a leader or coalescing with the Conservatives, when the country might reverse any such compacts in a few weeks. Mr. Deakin, however, appeared determined to be appointed leader, and a few meek followers carried a resolution, appoint- ing him to the position, and empowering him to coalesce with Mr. Gillies. It is to be sincerely hoped the electors of the colony will resent this piece of un- warrantable impertinence. When they foolishly ratified the unholy, alliance between Messrs Berry and Service, they never dreamt that the latter was about betraying their interests into the hands of the retrogressive party ; they never dreamt that the public expenditure was about being raised by two millions annually ; they never dreamt that a bill would be passed for the purpose of creating Mr. Hereford a Supreme Court. judge; they never dreamt that Graham Berry would have the ungrateful audacity to insult the Trades' Hall Council because they protested against his Free Trade pro- clivities ; in fact they never dreamt the Libeiral cause would be cast to the four winds of heaven in order that the ignorant and stupid prejudices of the AGE and ARGUS might be satisfied. However, all these, things have came to pass, and all intelligent and unpreju- diced people now see, that a Coalition Ministry simply means a dishonest Ministry and a despotism, beneath which, the liberty of the people is crushed and trampled. Yet; in face of all this, an ambitious young man gets the sheep- like remains of the Liberal party to crown him leader, and empower him to continue the Coalition tactics. The whole farce shows plainly enough that the Liberals of Victoria are in a great measure represented by a set of mindless creatures, who will be hurled into well earned oblivion as soon as the effects of compulsory education are more apparent throughout the colony. Following notices are from last issue of the " Gazette." — Grazing licenses will be continued to undermentioned upon payment of the fees : — J. B. Blackburn, Kerrisdale ; J. H. Caton, Flowerdele ; D. M'Leish, Murrindindi West ; F. W. Stephens, Yea ; F. W. Stephens, Flowerdale ; N. White, Glenburnie. Renewels of Licenses : — Thos. Dunning, Tarcombe ; J. Rowe, Yea ; R. Vining, Murrindindi ; Ah Chow, Tabilk ; Ah Lip, Tabilk ; G. Florentin, Mitchell ; J. Nicholas, Wirrate ; J. and W. Riley, Mangalore ; W. White, Mangalore ; A. Horsfield, Edgecombe. Renewels of grazing license. — A. M'William, 5,784a, Switzerland, New Licenses. — G. Leech, 20a, Yea ; J. Ross, 20a, Northwood ; Mary Stewart, 20a, Kobyboyn ; Alex. Stewart, 20a, Kobyboyn : George Stewart, 20a, Kobyboyn. Application refused. — H. G, Neill, 1000a, Flower- dale. Applications approved. — T. Lind- say, 40a, Panyule ; G. M'Kenzie, 99a, Murrindindi; A. Patton, 159a, Ghin Ghin ; G. Pont, 169a, Worrough, On Friday morning last, an elderly man named Henry Jarrikk, was brought up before Mr. Clarkson, J.P., charged with having no visible means of suport. Accused said he had only just left the Kilmore Hospital, and intended to go to work as soon as he was a little stronger ; and said that in the meantime be could stay at Mr. Baker's, Northwood. The Bench adjourned the case till later in the evening to see if Mr. Baker was willing to take care of the man. Mr. Baker de- clined to take accused in and he was sentenced to two months. James Byrne, for being drunk and disorderly, was fined 5s. or 24 hours. It is not often that our dark-hued pre- decessors of the soil are the heroes of a joke ; but one lately occurred which is for novelty unsurpassed in the annals of this town. A short time since an abori- ginal seeking wherewith to lay his head for the night, wended his. way into the cemetery, and, finding a newly-dug grave, camped therein. The moon was at its full, but dark clouds ever and anon covered its brilliancy for a while. The black slept the sleep of the peaceful, until he was aroused by the tramp of a white man, who was looking round previous to retiring to his home near by. The aboriginal wondered how the time was going, and thought he would ask, so he suited the action to the word, and raised himself up by his arms until his face was on a level with the ground. " I say, master, what's the time ? " Terror-stricken the visitor looked in the direction of the sound, The moon had just emerged from behind a cloud, and shone full on the darkie's face. " A ghost, by the great Jehosophat ! " quoth the white man, taking to his heels, clear- ing the fence at one bound, and reaching home in a state of frenzy, declared that the resurrection was at hand. Lazy men are hard task masters is an adage that was practically illustrated at Seymour on Saturday. Duncan Gillies gets the credit of being the laziest Minister in existence ; and yet through his instructions, an examination of sixty five candidates for non-clerical positions on the railways was held in Seymour on Saturday last. If Saturday is supposed to be a half holiday in the Government departments, it is really too bad that any Minister should be permitted to rule the contrary. Racing men should bear in mind that nominations for the principal events at Seymour races must reach the hon. sec- retary by nine o'clock on Tuesday evening next, . If You Want a beautifully finished PIANO, by the best English Maker, call on W- H. Tristan, If you want a piano at fifteen pounds under Melbourne retail prices, call on W. H. Tristan. If you want a piano that defies the Victorian climate, and preserves a sweet tone as crisp as marriage bells, call on W. H Tristan. If you want a Brummagem instrument at ten or fifteen pounds over its value, don't call on W. H. Tristan. — [ ADVT.] On Februaiy 4, at their yards, Nagam- bie, Messrs. J. H. Teague and Co. an- nounce that they will sell by auction a five years lease of Mr. John Gillespie's splendid property at Wahring. On same day they will also dispose of a five years lease of Mr. P. Kelly's property at Manga- lore. Latter contains seven hundred acres of excellent land, in every way suitable for profitable grazing. On Saturday last, Mr W. H. Tristan on behalf .of club, sold the publican's booth and one fruit stall for forthcoming races at Seymour. Former was knocked down to Mr. B. O'Rielly at £18, and Mr Ah Sue bought latter at £3. On Saturday last says the " Benalla Standard " a footrace for £15 aside, be- tween Mr. Frank Ferguson. of Benalla. and Mr. Wm. Higgins, of Boosey, .come off at Tungamah. The distances were 100, 200, and 300 yards, and the event was carried off by Ferguson, who de- feated in the first and second distances easily. The banks of the Broken River near the Mount Ada hotel are beginning to present an animated appearance. Al- ready a large number of tents are erected and a large wooden building in course of erection. It is stated a large number of hands will shortly be employed in the construction of the weir and the excava tion works which are to carried out under the direction of the Yarrawonga Water Trust.— " Standard. " Major .Snee, commandant of cadet corps, made his first inspection of the cadet corps in connection with local State school last week. Mr. H. Bishop put the boys through the manual, marching, and other military movements, after which the major drilled them for an extra half- hour. The inspecting officer compli- mented Mr. Bishop upon the precision with which the boys had done their work. He also promised to forward 2,000 rounds of Morris-tube ammunition, and 400 rounds of carbine ammunition, which have since been received. The first , practice will take place next week at the local rifle club's range, Mr. J. M'Cormick of Prospect, Talla- rook, has purchased the Ballam Hill estate in the Yea district at £3 7s. 6d per acre. The property is composed of nice grazing land, and should prove,a, fair in- vestment. When the " Age " and the " Argus " created the .coalition, in order to stamp out the small independent .party of mem- bers who refused to be " bossed " by the Collins -street journalists, the Express was one of the few papers which said such an unholy union could only end in corruption and despotism. Our prophecy has been but too truly fulfilled. The public expenditure has been increased by £2,000,000 per annum ; a despotism more intolerable than that of Germany itself has crushed the manhood out of the Assembly ; independent members have been treated with contempt in the House, and misreported outside, while vulgar demagogues without education or ability have been thrust into the front rank of " statesmanship." In fact brute force and corruption have been the ruling powers in the Assembly since Graham Berry handed his body and soul over to the safe keeping of James Service. The wiseacres are now begining to ac- knowledge this melancholy state of things, while the very scribes who brought the coalition into life, sing out in maud- lin fury, " Crucify it, crucify it." It is a pity we cannot find a second edition of Mr. Judas Iscariot to lead public opinion in Melbourne just now. Bishop Moorhouse, who will be leaving Victoria, in a short time, is a strange combination of contradictory elements. His religious views are broad and charit- able ; he possesses nothing in common with the canting brawler, whose very existence depends on the terrors of a terrible hell, which he scatters broadcast amongst his followers. He is an eloquent preacher ; and unlike many of our severe and strict churchmen, he generally practises what he preaches. But in matters political he belongs to the past. He is bound so tightly by the iron bands of Imperialism that be can scarcely fathom the meaning of demo- cracy. Such a thorough hold have the customs and prejudices of the past taken of him that in public matters his thoughts and ideas are cramped and fettered, as they are free and charitable in matters religious. As a churchman his departure will be a deep loss to the colony ; but in the capacity of a public man his absence will only be missed by those whose Jingoism tries to obliterate the taint of the past. Eighteen months ago a map which cost £300 was forwarded from the Alexandra land office to the District Surveyor at Benalla. On receipt of advice note the latter officer waited a day or so, but the map did not arrive. He then interviewed the local postal officials, but they could give no information. Thinking the mis- take occurred at Tallarook, he travelled to the much maligned township, and made a thorough search at the railway station and Fox's store, where the postal business was transacted until about two years since. However, no trace of the missing map could be discovered ; and at great expense and trouble, a substitute had to be prepared. It is estimated that £10 worth of stationery was wasted in reporting on the disappearance of that map , and many and varied were the solutions offered as to its disappearance. Last week the mysterious circumstances was explained, through the map being discovered at the Benalla railway station ! Of course the discovery caused a fund of amusement to the local officials ; but the ass-ridden tax-payers will be inclined to think that £300 of the public money should not be wasted on what may look like a practical joke, without a vestige of fun in it. And we say, hear, hear. On Saturday evening, Mr. S. H. Hen- shall of Emily-street, was surprised to see what he thought was a kangaroo's tail lying in the passage between the shop and waiting room. He was about picking it up when it commenced to slide about the floor with a graceful gliding move ment. A closer look then informed the worthy disciple of Esculapius that the supposed kangaroo tail was a nice speci- men of a carpet snake. Three seconds later the snake was a quivering mass of sanguinary pulp, and Mr. Henshall was sitting on an empty medicine case, wiping the perspiration off his intellectual brow. Since the British Government per- mitted Lieutenant Hempenstall. " the walking gallows " to carry a piece of rope in his pocket for the purpose of strangling every peasant he met on the road in the South of Ireland, they have frequently tried some extraordinary means to " cement in bonds of fnendship " the sister isles. Still we question if Lord Granvilles latest move does not entitle him to bear away the palm from all competi- tors. In London there resides a fortu- nate ex-news vendor named W H. Smith. He has always been characterised by a meek desire to accept as revealed truths the mandates of the obsolete Tory party. Of course the interests of the wealthy fossils carried him into Parliament, where his blind allegiance soon made him a Minister of the Crown. Disraelli made him First Lord of the Admiralty ; and so thoroughly unsuited was the man for such a position that Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan immortalised themselves and the event by describing it in the well known opera. H.M.S. Pinafore. Such a public laughing stock was Smith made of by '* Pinafore " that everyone thought he would seek the earliest opportunity of hiding his memory in oblivion. Not so however. Ridicule, jeers and laughter could not keep a brainless automaton in the back ground ; and we now find him made an " irresponsible " ruler of Ire- . land ! Ring down the curtain, the picture cannot be beaten ! On Saturday last a meeting of the Yea Shire Council adjourned from previous Saturday should have been held ; but for the third time a quorum did not muster, and the meeting was, further adjourned for another week. . It is very improbable, however, that those members who credul- ously attended so frequently of late will lose another day to-morrow, so that there will scarcely be a meeting before, ordinary day in February. The Rev. J. J. Brown, the world- wide lecturer, is announced to appear in Person's Hall, Seymour, on .Wed- nesday evening, when it Is to be hoped a large and appreciative audience may give him such a welcome as he deserves. In speaking of the rev. lecturer, a New Zealand paper says. — " Mr Brown, who is an eloquent speaker, has an extraordinarily ready flow of language, and is possessed of the happy though rare knack of being able to rivet the attention of his auditors from the start to the close of a rather lengthy though exceedingly interesting, entertaining, and in- structive discourse," Elsewhere will be found a business notice from Messrs. S. Fitzgerald and Co. who have started as auctioneers, finance and general commission agents at Richmond. From his intimate know- ledge of this district, Mr. Fitzgerald ; should be a useful agent for persons having business transactions in Mel- bourne and suburbs. A committee meeting of local rifle club was held at Perron's Hotel on Friday evening.. Present :— Dr. Ray in chair, and Messrs. Bishop, Gully, Tristan, J. Porter and Madigan. A few small accounts were passed for payment, and hon. sec. was instructed to communicate with Defence department, asking what arrangements were being made about the mounted infantry corps. Permission was granted to State school cadets to practise at clubs range, and some other matters of minor importance were attended to. It has just been reported to Trooper Bilwood that a wild man, with hair on him about two inches long, has been seen in the ranges near Koetong (says the " Herald "). It is stated that he is per- fectly naked, having nothing but a strip of cloth round his loins. We believe a search is to be organised for Sunday next. At a meeting of the subscribers of St. Matthews Church, Broadford, held on Thursday, Dr. Purrier, Messrs C. E. Lloyd, Whitehead, Aitkin, A. M'Leod and Davis were elected Guardians for the current year. The financial statement was submitted for the past year which showed the receipts to be about £137 ; after providing for the stipend of the Minister and sundry items, left a credit balance to carry forward of £18. Messrs Hughes and Fitzpatrick were appointed auditors. ================================== 