ETERNAL PUNISHMENT. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, S.A. SCEPTIC. February 15,1886. I am, &c.;, CHAS. ROSE. February 13.1886. I am, &c.;, C. COATES. [We can publish no more on this subject.— Ed.] Sir— In your issue of the 13th Mr. Nettle sub- mits what he presumably considers a reply to my letter. I should not think it worth while to occupy your space and my time by replying to it did I not feel it my duty to dear myself of several charges of misrepresentation made by Mr. Kettle. Whilst fully appreciating your correspondent's kind expressions of sorrow that his "previous letter should have had such little effect" I must confess that I am perfectly satisfied with my condition at the present time, fully "believing" that the glories of heaven, if any such there be, will be extended to me by the "just God." And now-to refer to the charges of misrepresenting Mr. Kettle's statements. He surely has read my letter in a very careless way, otherwise he could not have written as he has. Mr. Kettle makes me say that he asserted that if I used my " powers of mind" and my " puny strength," and "believed the horrid doctrine," I should probably be saved. I said nothing of the kind. What I did say was this:—"lf I may be allowed to use *my powers of mind' and my 'puny strength, ' and judge for myself, the only conclusion," &c; What I said he asserted was this:—"lf I believe the horrid doctrine of the eternal suffering of the wicked I should in all probability" be saved. He undertook to show this, but failed to do so, hence he merely asserted it "Your corres pondent says," continues Mr. Kettle, "that I said any other source apart from the Bible could settle the difficulty." To any reasonable man the accidental omission of the word "not" before "believe" would have been palpable from the argument that immediately followed the quotation. In effect I said Mr. Kettle sincerely believes the Bible teaches the "horrid doctrine." I did not think it necessary to ap pend to my remark re the proof of the "divine inspiration of the Bible," "this is satire." I do not believe the Bible to be "inspired." Mr. Kettle does not see how I could "arrive at the conclusion" that his reference to Lazarus and Dives was irrelevant. "So far as my letter is concerned" (I said) the parable was irrelevant, and for this reason—l was not upholding the ultimate salvation of all men; I expressed no belief in it. Why, then, was his attempt to refute it necessary ? Mr. Kettle would have you believe that he is a most original thinker. The phrases " like Mr. Long " and " following in Mr. Long's footsteps" have increased his displeasure. He says, "I have followed no man's theory." I should like to know who says he has, but this at any rate is certain, his letter appeared after Mr. Long's, and con tained sentiments very similar to those ex pressed by that gentleman. Thus he "fol lowed in Mr, Long's footsteps-" He may not have followed his theory. Your correspondent did not "think it would be wise to discuss that part of my letter" referring to the late Mr. Fertile and Mr. Cox. Why not? Because, said he, " I have not brought witnesses from the millions that could be brought." What this has to do with the question at issue I do not know. Mr. Fernie and Mr. Cox believed in the final restoration theory. I asked Mr. Kettle if these gentlemen were, therefore, sceptics. Running away from this question he hides himself behind a side issue which he has raised for the occasion. Mr. Kettle says he has " now done " with me, but I would like to ask if I have not fully and fairly answered hi= charges of misrepresentation, that he will point out where I nave failed to do so ? Mr. Coates's letter contains a fundamental and popular fallacy. He takes as a for gone conclusion the existence within man of an entity termed the soul. The Hebrew word ruaeh occurs in the Old Testament about 700 times, but in no single instance does it convey the idea of a "spiritual" entity, the definition of the word "soul" used by Mr. Coates. The Greek word pneuma, translated "soul" in the New Testament (A. V.) and in numerous places in Revised Version as " life," occurs about 180 times, and is identical with the Hebrew- ruaeh. His argument at the commencement of his letter is invalidated by the fact that the word " soul" in the Bible cannot bear the construc tion he would place upon it. The term "soul" is applied to living as well as deal men, to appetite, heartbreak, body, animals &c.; But the primary meaning of the works ruach and pneuma is " respiring existence." Proof of this can be found in Gen. L 20 and 80, and in other passages. For my part I do not rely on the inability of believers in immortality to prove "the immortality of the soul" by Scripture, but at the same time I am perfectly certain they cannot do it. Mr. Coates evi dently recognised the hopelessness of his case when he had recourse to his somewhat clumsy evasion. It is quite unnecessary in the face of what I have said to attempt to prove that the " soul" is "extinguishable." The fact that it is so is so patent that a veritable novice could make no mistake. Speaking of Gen. ii. Mr. Coates remarks—" But Adam did not die a natural death in that day. neither did his soul become annihilated." The real question at issue is not as to whether Adam died on the day "he ate the fruit," but if he was immortal or not. Did Adam die? Mr. Coates says he became"," dead in trespasses and sins.'' That may have been the case, but that is not the death to which God referred. He spoke of a "natural death," and I believe annihilation. As proof of this I cite verse 17 of Gen. ii,, noting the Hebrew rendering in the margin (A.V.): —"In the day thou eatest thereof thou shall surely die;" Hebrew—" Dying thou shalt die." which is equivalent to saying, "Death ends all." The doom pronounced upon Adam was " natural death," as is ehown by the follow ing :—" In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the ground, for out of it wast thou taken; for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return" (Gen. iii. 19). No doubt your correspondent will ask "What about his soul? What became of that ? Well, the only " soul"'(according-to the Bible) that Adam possessed was himself— the "dust of the ground." God "breathed into man's nostrils the breath of life (which animals also possessed—see Gen. yi. 17, anl TiL 15 and 22), and man became a living soul'* —"became a living soul." Not that a "soul," an immortal entity, was placed within him. And now, in concluding, just a word concern ing Rev. xxii. 11 The passage does not refer to the ultimate state of the wicked. In verse 12 Christ (speaking through the angel— see verse 16 and chap. i1) says—" And behold I come quickly, and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be." I might explain that I argue from the Bible to meet Mr. Coates on his own grounds; I do not believe the book to be a revelation TO THE EDITOR. Sir —Not only ate the earlier books of the Jewish scriptures as silent as death respecting the immortality of man, or the soul of man, bet they are also equally as silent regarding a future life beyond the grave. The vision of the early Israelites extended not beyond the present life. They had no hope of being re warded for their good deeds, or any fear of their being punished for their bad ones, in a future world. What a striking contrast to the teaching of modern Judaism and of Christianity is that line ''They that go down into the pit cannot hope^for thy truth. (Isa. xxxriii. IS). If man be immortal, and if the Bible in its entirety be—as so many of your correspondents contend —God's unerring word, how comes it that the writers of the latter make no allusion to _ the above subject until many centuries after the ArwMiiaTiK, the Egyptians, and the Hindu Aryans had spoken in their sacred books of a life hereafter? If the knowledge of his im mortality be essential to the spiritual welfare of Iran, ie it not reasonable to suppose that God would have done what He did not do; viz.. have communicated a knowledge of it to His chosen people, instead of leaving them to borrow it from others whom He had not taken under His fostering care? ISot only is it true, as one of your correspondents has observed, that "science has not established the im mortality of man," but it is no less true that the has much to urge against it. She asks— If the soul be distinct from bath the mind and the body, having nothing in common with either of them, how c?n corporeal, changeable, and perishable ican beget an immaterial, unchangeable, and imperishable soul? Is it the soul, which has nothing in common with man physically, or the mind, which is the outcome of his nervous organisation, that by the two upper or hemis pheric brains receives impressions via the senses from the external world ? Is not the mind of man in the first place evolved or pro duced, and afterwarde gradually unfolded or built up by the impressions received and registered for a shorter or longer period by the grouping of the molecules of the brains ? If the soul of man .formerly formed a part of God, or existed as a separate entity from eternitv together with God, or was specially created by Him, how comes it that it has never told' man anything about what took place prior to his mind having been evolved or produced? Has it forgotten everything about its ' former life, or the first two or three years of its present ore, and .will it either as soon as it leaves the body or shortly afterwards lose all remem brance of its life in this world? Does it remember every one of the many trivial events that form so great a part of everyday life: or does it forget the greater number of them as does tie mind? If the soul does aa quickly forget as does the mind, what reason can there be for the supposition that the soul is not identical with the mind ? When a man suffers from temporary derangement of the mind, or becomes unconscious, does the soul become deranged or unconscious? If not, why, when the patient is restored, does it ever leave to others the task of informing him of what he has passed through ? Has the soul ever spoken on any subject on which the mind has been silent, or the molecules of the brains unin formed? It has been frequently stated that the soul stands in a somewhat similar position to the mind and the body as the musician does to his instrument. The musician can readily detect by its discordant sounds, which he can describe, that his instrument is out of tune. Can the soul perceive from the vagaries of the mind or from the insane acts of the madman that the mind is deranged, or that the brains are not in proper working order? If so, why does it never give a full and particular account of them? or if not, what justification can there be for the assumption that the soul is different in kind from both mind and body—that it is indeed the ego, the director of both mind and body ? On the supposition that the soul forms no part of either the body or mind, how can the fact be accounted for that after a long period, when sudden relief was afforded, the captain whose skull had been fractured in the battle of the Nile, as he was in the midst of giving forth his order, took up the thread of the order where it had been suddenly cut short, and in a loud voice gave forth the re maining portion of it ? The soul, so soon as the operation of trepanning had been success fully performed, did not perceive through the senses of sight. hearing, and feeling, that the body it inhabited was no longer on board a ship, engaged in deadly strife with the foe: but lying on a bed in a a hospital. where the utterance of the concluding part of the order was altogether out of place. Does not this case afford strong evidence in favor of the two following hypotheses :—1 That the soul or mind—call it whichever name you please—is as entirely dependent on the body as is the sound of a musical box on the box. 2. That neither the one nor the other could have been set going from within itself ? There are many other similar cases that could be given. Inasmuch as the mind is dependent on the brains being supplied with food, and on the outgoing molecules impressing the imprints they bear, or imparting their information to the incoming molecules, does it not necessarily follow, from the decomposition of the body, from the scat tering of the molecules composing the brain?, from the consequent annihilation of all the know- ledge imprinted upon them, and subsequently from the frequently-recurring assimilation, by vegetable and animal life (man's not excluded). of the molecules themselves, that the resusci tation of the mind will be rendered a feat as impossible of accomplishment as is the resurrection of the body ? To every thinker who regards all mental phenomena as physical or natural, and who therefore regards the soul or spirit as being one and the same thing, as the mind (which it undoubtedly appears to be), the doctrine of the " immortality of the soul " must indeed appear absurd. For how can any reasoner suppose that the mind, which has its dawn in early infancy, which progresses more or less slowly from childhood to the near approach of old age, which is at all times liable to be more or less afflicted or im paired or to be totally suspended for a time, and which in the decline of lite (in extreme old age) gradually decays together with the body will be enabled to outlive that, body with which, so far as our knowledge extends, its very existence is indissolubly connected ': As several of your pro-eternal punishment correspondents have sought to vindicate the justice of God in inflicting such punishment upon the rejecters of His proffered mercy on the ground of their possessing freedom of will or choice, kindly permit me in conclusion to quote a passage from the Hibbert lectures of 1883 which bears directly on the subject— " Our descent and our environment—of these two factors we are composed, and they account for all that is in us. On the ground of observed fact, not on that of metaphysical reasoning, it is becoming harder to find a place for free will in the constitution of man; while, even if its existence be still contended for, the area of its action must be indefinitely lessened. And so the doctrine of evolution involves a kind of natural Augustinianism. What the old divine called predestination reappears as a net of natural necessities, closing round the will on every side and preventing its free action. Our fate has been largely settled for us, if not in the eternal counsels before time was, yet by the generations which have gone before, and the circumstances in which we find ourselves. We thought that we were men wielding the divine prerogative of will; but on this theory we are only physical phenomena as calculable as any other; the subject of statistics—the material of averages. The problem of humanity is only a little more difficult than that of meteorology. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Although in a short letter it is scarcely possible to comment on all " Non-Latitudi- narian's " theories, stall I should feel obliged if you will insert the following in reply. "A human soul without a body is not a person," says your correspondent. I presume he means by this that a human soul without a material body is not a person, if so, I beg to question this assertion. It is true a human soul cannot exist without a spiritual body, bat that a human soul can east with out a material body, and is conse quently a person, and not a vapor, I will endeavor to prove, St. John says — " I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held" (Bev. vi. !?), and in verse 10 he says "They cried with a loud voice saying, bow long O Lord holy and true dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that dwell on the earth;" and in verse 11—" White robes were given to every cne of them," Now it is evident that these souls had organs of speech, otherwise they could not have "cried with a loud voice," and those that heard must have had ears to hear, other wise crying out would be useless; and if white robes were given I should think these would be rather useless articles to them if they had no bodies, and if a body they had a personality; but the material resurrection Bad not then taken place, therefore these clothed bodies were not material. "N.L." also says, "the natural and corruptible body will become a spiritual and incorruptible body," entirely ignoring what St. Paul says (1 Cor. xv. 50), " neither doth corruption in herit incormption;"and again, "thou sowest not tlie body that shall be" (1 Cor. xv. 37). And let your correspondent please note that St. Paul says. " There is a natural body and there is a spiritual body.'*' This is in the present tense, and not the future, although material resurrectionists endeavor to twist it into the future. The spiritual body I maintain is the real and substantial man, which every one notr poeseeses ; and as to his spirit, man is now in the spiritual world, although his spiritual faculties being at present closed he is unconscious of his spiritual surroundings, and the natural body is added to the spiritual while in this world as an instrument in the soul's hand in fulfilling the duties of natural life, the natural body being as necessary to a natural world as a spiritual body is to a spiri tual one. We are no longer animals when we pass into the world beyond the grave. With regard to the resurrection, " we being carnally minded, dead in trespasses and sins," Christ came to save us from these fearful graves, our own "whited sepulchres." In reference to tripersonalionism and substitution, I regard them as one mass of contradictions unscriptural and God dishonoring. In one of the thirty-nine articles we read Gjd is a being " without body, parts, or passions," and yet these mysterious Christians assert that there are three persons in this being "without body, parts, or passions. " I should think that there are a great many parts in this being, since it takes three persons to make one God. If I was to say it takes three parsons to make one man I should be regarded as a lunatic, and that these three persons are equal. &.c, but according to your correspondent's views Christ's material body was raised. Such being the case he will have something which the Father does not possess, viz.—a material body. I wonder what conception "N.L." has as to the person of the Father, since He is not a ma terial person or body. The Bible says noth ing as to three persons in the Godhead, whatever priest-made creeds may do. I believe in a Trinity, but not a Trinity of per sons. The Son was the Humanity, The Father the Divinity, the Holy Ghost the divine effluxion from Christ, who since his resurrec tion I maintain is, as he says Himself. King of Kings and Lord of Lords, the Alpha and the Omega, and besides Him there is no God, nor yet any other person in the Trinity, if St. Paul speaks the truth when he eays, "in Him dwelleth all the fulness;of the Godhead bodily." Mark, bodily. The doctrine of substitution I regard as one of the greatest libels ever in vented. ' Justice demands that the ofiending party or his substitute shall be punished for the offences committed," says "N.L." Vengeance might, justice never allows the innocent' to suffer for the guilty. A father makes a rule and a penalty for breaking it. His son breaks it and becomes guilty: his innocent loving daughter offers to take the chastisement due to her brother; but the father who would inflict the stripes due to her brother on his loving child, that father I would clap in gaol to-morrow, or sooner if I had it in my power. True doctrine teaches us that "the Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost." To save from evil, and hence hell, and not to save from the anger of a demon God. All we like sheep had gone astray, and the "everlasting Father" spoken of by Isaiih be came manifest in the flesh, to conquer the hells, to restore us to, spiritual freedom, and "to reconcile the world unto Himself," teach ing us how to live, and not teaching only but actually imparting strength to live and tread on the path that leads to happiness and heaven. 