A Turkish Bath in Berne. [BT LUKE SHARP.] " Is there such a thing as a Turkish bath in Berne?" I asked the proprietor of the hotel which I honored with my presence " Oh, yes," he replied, "certainly we have every thing that a city »hould have," he added with some pride Then taking one of his cards he wrote upon it, " Bad anstalt somerleist laupenstrosse " I took this card and went in the direction he had pointed When I got to the end of the street I handed the card to a passer by who looked at it and pointed the direction I should take In the centre of a large building was a sort of arcade, and at the further end appeared the sign " Bad anstalt" in large letters, and undor them the words "Türkische Bussische " Entering this alloy and following the painted Bigns that pointed the way, I wan dered through the intricacies of the place and finally brought up at the right place I had some difficulty with the proprietor of tho place on account of our having no common language by which to communicate Ho handed me a handsomely lithographed card with an allogoncal picture on one side of three wood Gnomes lighting a fire under an arch while vapour rose all around the half elad figures above the fire On the other side of this card was the printed tariff, part of which I could make out very well, but I was at sea on the rest "Eine kalte doushe fifty centimes," that was plain enough, I understood that all right, but the next item " Em Romisches bad nut massage, 2fr 50c," I had my doubts about The next item was worse "Em abonnement von io Komischem badcrn, 20fr " "Now," says I to myself, "that must be a very fine bath It is tho highest on the tariff, and the chances are that it will be something novel " I thought I would like to experience a bath of the most expensive kind, so I marked against " abonne ment" that I would take that kind of a bath The proprietor seemed well pleased, and from a drawer pulled out a string of tickets and was about to sign each one of them when I took the string in my hand and looked at it There were ten coupons, and each one entitled a person to a römisches bad, whatever that was That wouldn't do I was going away from Berne that day and had no use for ten baths The next one was " damf bad," which was 2fr I thought afterwards that it was a dampf bad bath I was having Further down the list was the words " bad Türkische," and that one I marked with my pencil, and the proprietor rose and 'motioned for me to follow We went through a large room paved with stone, into another large room in which was a number of rod sofas He pointed to a hook on the wall where I was to hang my clothes I |objected to the publicity of the place I tried to explain co him that I wanted a room to myself that I had money in my pockets and didn't propose to leave my cash in a public room which every one had access to He shrugged his shoulders and seemed to take this as a disparage ment of the honesty of the people of Berne How ever he got a key, put it va a door and turnad the bolt and showed me that I could lock myself m. Having robed myself in a sheet, he pointed to the door leading into the dark dungeon of a hot room. This seemed to bo paved with stone also, but there was a wooden slat-work over it that prevented the stone from burning the feet. The room was so dark that I could make nothing of its interior. There was a small skylight at the top about a foot square, and, as my eyes grew accus- tomed to the darkness, I found it was a hole out into the open air. By and by I found I was in a little conical room, of the shape of half an egg. It was pretty hot. Shortly after I entered I heard an ex- tra sissing of steam, which seemed to indicate that moro heat was being turned on. I sat down and sweltered, and by and by a ghost appeared by shoving aside a curtain in the passageway of the room from which I had entered. He brought me a glass of water and spoke something to me in bad German, at least I could not make out what he said. With that he disappeared. By and by this became very tiresome and I wanted to quit. I was too exhausted to sit up, and so stretched myself on the wicker lounge. After awhile I shouted for the attendant, but only the echoing walls replied. I pushed aside the curtains and tried to reach him in that way, but the door on the other side was fastened. I then tried to get in the room where my clothes were, but the door of that also was fastened. There were still another door in the room, and I opened that. There was a little more light here, and it was not so warm. I rattled at the ground-gloss opaque window, but got no answer. Then I came back into the hot room, once more lay down and abandoned myself to fate. Every now and then I amused myself by a few feeble shouts, but thoy were of no avail. The room became hotter and hotter. The little skylight above seemed to circle round and round and wink down at me. Just before delirium Bet in there was a rattle at the door and another fellow with a sheet around him came in. " Fo" heaven's sake," I said " do you speak Eng- lish ?" " Oh, reasonably well," he answered. " I am an Englishman." " Well, then," said I, " while you have strength enough left will you call for help. I have been in here for two days as near as I can make out, and I am in the last stages of exhaustion." At that moment the ghost came in with a glass of water for the Englishman. The Englishman spoko to him in German and the man replied somewhat angrily. "He says," replied the Englishmen, "that he told you when you were ready to pull the rope." " He never said anything of the kind, or if he did he concealed it in bad German." The ghost moved into the shampooing room and I followed him. He spread a sheet on a marble stand and put the ends of it on a shelf and put iron weights on them to hold them in position. When I threw myself down on the sheet, of course the jerk pulled the _ weights down on me. I was too feeble to complain and he put thom back to tumble again. This happened a dozen times or more, but nothing made any great difference to a man in my condition. After the shampooing ceremony I lay for an hour on ono of the red sofas, wrapt in medi- tation and a long monkish costume with a cowl on it, made of the stuff called crash toweling I think. Then I managed to get into my ordinary clothes and came out and paid the man at the desk. My remembrance of the Turkish bath at Berne is not a very pleasant one, but as I have taken hundreds of them and this was about the best of the lot, I thought I would write down some account of it. 