TILE SEA-CAPTAIN'S SCARIE. o: Y: decree to te '.chcJi down ffr that, you r--an h' :L ".:r " rh ,:::El. fe obr: t &n; te tyranrc l.d c--ai; of Sth r *ip A oa mewaetl ?o:e f:sa sfle.n m c !ki la in-y., lNry razdi:g. a ea ":r, ih:s :. 0 :to h of 1 -e·:C.:_,t., h, G: i E.pilt a few dio v; tfrl? from_ a uck: he ? e-lo lii g. " I tthink I og;ht to ?e koched tow f.r an aceS dent! ar_ ~tr-t H-lry. The ceptain piked up a i a -If e-~ ke, acl wtc,_- i:--e hur!od it at the s;keg- hLeal bit f,.r hIs logo,:-r lkt:;i, a feltty girl of iftee-. whs, stiLding ca the ti;s of he: tocls, ani sociziag beth theeirap! led ca-.r-t with him. Her yrnr over him erns great. 0 I.an.rtool th, ma li.e--ike al aiked at-ay. En'ut the ir:.tati:. ee-d by what he men:ally ternm. llOai - ire-e imnerle-ic-:: : i:t :-re:z ing him as he did, stil li-ge:el in his :reng:, I:;,! he rao:vel to p-mni-h the yong sailer for it after his da-4tcer should have gene into the catn. At night a stiff gale was blowing. There was n' mn-. bEt as the ship pluned and rolIs ao a un-ler her co-l reefed maintoceail and her fcre-topatsIta-y-ail. her e[ide, her soile, a-i even he deck, were fa.intly li-h:ed up by tie.ee!oem ff tae runhing, hia. I:ng am, alive with thau In.ls nFup. tho~en ad of Eoftly-glowing sp=ke of tIklaeed by tie gale, which was a hbed wi-nl, the captain, in an ill-hncmnou, moved towar?t the forward aar: of the ?s?i.e, wher a ICokout wa.s aCing kept by Wanling. On the way, eeoting a sailor, he pushed him roughly to one side. In the waist, encountering another, the hltc cooi. he applilt the toroe his b-t to him, .nding the l or feliow into the lee I~ -ppers with such force thats i hma went right through tbhe bottom of a-erub-p?il, scattering a-eut him the ho.nte,, saves, ad a!l. The-, however, -.;re cnly the pre!imin?ry eEf'ets of the tyrant- irritatility on this night He next walked up to Henor W5.:-ding on the kright heals, and asked him, angrily, if he wasle -!n p, alhough the youth stiod, keeping an exce!!met s.t:a. "No, sir, I never deep at my pest, a.?-sered Henry, pleaiantly. ".None of your impudence!" chouted BenIl, fureiv-l-. " Iil toech you to only answer my questions in future s" As he e-oke he eprang on the inighthead, ani lapi cd thie boy on the chick with his hard, horny f,!m. The b!ow was quickly returned, for Waenlin:, when his anger was atom?e-, never panalt to consider the d il. ae-in him. The captain hnrlel him down on his back, na? pl-eiwg Loth knsce on his treatt, as the youth layr th w i his rd reolfig on the sprit-sail yard, he clutched his throet with a vie-like grasp. Althob;h in the dim light he could eeo the face of the struggling boa growing puarple---cd see the bulging of the eyeails and the s?.pasei quivering of his feature, while choking gweap, minglld with a horrid, rattling Eoanet, came from the swo!len lip-ryet, futious with rgoe, the tyrant still retaindt his hold. When at inagth he relaoed it the young sailor was motionlle ! The eine-l gleam of the pheophorns fell up-:n hbe ghastly vie.ag with the half-shut eyes, the distortid moeath, and shoaedthe aroms hnging down toward the wlater. lhoate killed himt" 'was the fearful thought that flashol through the skipper's mind. He setr?-red tack, and Ep-rang to the deck, looking hastily around him. But no person eas in sight. Apparently nobody har .een him perpetrate the fearful crime. ScarceLy knowinc what he did, he ran towanls the cabin; then turned and retraced his way. Just as he arrival amihbkhips the vessel made a tre men los plunge, burying here.If almost to her waist, with a great sa pouaring ove r like a etrtnact As she righted, the captain nmae his way to the knightheade, to discover that the body of his unfortunate victin was gone! There was no doubht in his mini as to its fate ; it had been swept overboard from its l.?sition near the spritail yard by the torrent of water that had lately deluged the ship ! The miserable man went into the cabin. He felt that he was a murderer. Hi conscience tore at hisverv -hrt atrings like the fang- of a hungry panther. " Where is Henry? Whalt has b?come of Henry ?' inquiret lertha, who had secretly loved theyouth, when the m-lsed him on deck, next morning. " I dont know," nanswered her father, with a ghbstly Emile. "Steward,"headded, turning to this person, "'go ant hunt him up!' Soon others joined in the cearch, which was continae l for hours, but Henry Warding could not Le found. Then, as the wretched captain was resolved to say nothing of his crime, it was thought that the boy Lha fallcn overboard during the night. From that moment Bertha became pale and sad. Her father guessed the ca-e of her grief, and this was an todedl Zng to the fearful tortures he endured. Three days later, another gale came howling over the eta. The night 1at followed was smilarito the one on which the skipper had committed his fearful deed. Tihe long yards creaked dismally,the ocean roared and hibel, and the phosphor Eparks glowed like the eyes of demrons in the white foam. At midnight the captain, who could not sleep, warson deck. Mi eorable and hollow-eyed, he cwalked to and fro, eh:ddlering at the unearthly creaking of the yards and timber, for he was now a pitiful coward,quaking at every 0nllnl. At length he moved forward to see if a good lookout was being kept. As he dren niar the knightheshn--the placte whre his victim lend bin when he choked him--ie outteredl a half-stiled cry of affright and staggered against the rail. Standing with tle back toward him, and one foot on the spritanil yard, he saw a figure Eo nearly resembling Henry Wanlin'a that for a few Eeeoned the Epectator wasappalled. He soon recovered himself, however, and moved on. Of corone the figure could not be that of the cabin boy ! " Keep a good lookout there !" he shouted, hoarsely, when within a few feet of the bow. "Ay, ay, sir! " was ansoered,.in a hollow voice, and at the same moment the face of the lookout was turned towards the captain. A pale, ghastly face it was-a strange, unearthly face -and as the weird phosphor light fell full upon it, the horrieied skipper recognisel the features of Warding. "My God " gasped the skipper, staggering back, his Lnee; knoci?ng together ; "it i the lead!' Uttering a moan, and waving its arms, the figure then eemed to vanhih slowly in the air before the affrightod man, who sank down unconscious. A dash'of salt spray in his face soon rztorld him. iHe staggerel aft, and went down in the cabin, whenoc, he did not reappear that night. From then until the venel was within a week's sail of her home port, the crew had no reason to complain of bad treatment. The eaptain, wasted almost to a skeleton, would issue his orders in a weak, mild voice, and not even when blunlers were made, wouldhe show anger. But one day, a fortnight since his seeing the ghostly rision, a dxih of his old tyranny was perceptible. The cook having spoilel his dinner, he seized him by the throat, which he just gave one squeeze ere he recol leetol himself, and with wild eyes and a ghastly face, let go his hIld. At night, chancing to go forward, he again beheld the vision of Henry Warding on the look-out. There he wa., standing on the knight-heads, his vi=age dimly mule visible in the partial gloom by the glow of the pholnphorus, as he waved his arms warningly towards the mieerhble man. Jost then a half-stilted, feminine cry heard aft, wa.s follnowed Iy the shlriek of the deck-oticer. "I Hard-a starboardl! Blertha has fallen overboard ! Clear away the quarter boat ! Lively, lively !" As the ship came up into the wind, the spectre which Ihad o alarmil the shipper tied the end of thie fore clea line about its breant and sprang oerrloarltinto the sea. Thie fall-ropes hareing become jammed in the Fheave holes of the davy-head, it was some me re ere the boat could he lowered. It was not pulled ten yards, when, by the gleam of the lantern, two forms were seen in the water. These being assisted into the boat, were dihcovered to be lBertlha, with her reccer, lHenra Warding-the sup poed spectre; hbut in reality alive and well. By his plrompt action, in springing from the bow, he hlad saved the life of the girl, lwho, owing to the delay in tIe lowering of the boat, must othenreie have ben "Whlat does this meanp" inquired Bend, wildly estarilng at thie youth. Explanations were soon made. On that night when the skipper supponsed he had murdered IHenry, the latter was discovered, immnediately Safter the captain rar aft, by neveral of the sailors, who chancedl to ecnerge frone the foreestle. They at once conveyed the oeoele?s body below, need witlh cold watler and a little biantly son reotored the boy to consciouls Wnhen they lnard his story, it occurrd to them to nlo[pt the plan of having Warding play the ghost Lefore tine capltail, hpg that by tlt b u terrifying the tyrant they might secure to themselhes better treatment IIow the rusen succeeded lhas been showln, nd, now that the deception wan unmansked, thle skiplper we not angry. I feact, he was so overjoyed at the di-covery thathe wa\ not a murdelcr, and at the boy's having saved thle life of h l chill, tfat it e ,-med to oateon hi whole nature, ec that he noa never again known to be everee with lcre In coure -d tine he freely gove thi co"nsctlto Berth.a' be-om-lne tho wife of Warding, who hal long loved the uONSCIENCE cn AItS COWARlDS.-An asmua'eg story has junt been published by an American contem porary, concerning an incident which occurred not lorg agoo i one of the mountain counties of Northern Georesn. It should be premised that the Stato of Georgia has a very stringent law forbiddiDg its citizene to carry piols open pain of forfeiting the weapon, and pasyg a Ene of fifty dollars, or being imprisoned for thirty days. Snortly after the pasing of this enactment, Jodge Lester was holding court in a little toes, whe Esuddenly he raspended the trial of a cawse by ordering the sheriff to lock the doors of the court house, s that no one could make his egres from it. "Gentlemen," raid the judge when the doors were ciosed, " I have just meen a pistol on a man in this roo:u, and I cannot reconcile it to my sen0a of duty as a peaco oLrer to let such a violtion of the lat peas uaunnotd. I ought perhaps to go before the grand jury and indict him ; but if that man will walk up to { this E'ied and toy his pistol and a fine of one dollar doewn here, I will let him off this time.' The judge paused; and an attorney, sitting just before him, got up, slipped his hand into a hip pocket, drew out a reot ivory-buandled Ei.hooter, and laid it and a dollar down upon the stand. "This is all right," said the judge; "but you are not the man I saw with the pitol' Upon this another attorney roes, and lati down a Colt's revolver and a dollar bill before the judge, who repeated his former observation. The process went on until ninrteen pietols of all kinds and sizes and shapes lay upon the stand. tezether with S19 by their ride. The judge laughed as he complimented the nineteen delin quent upon being men of busiuess, but added that the man whom he had seen with the pistol had not yet come up, and, glancing to the far side of the court, he continued, "I will Bice him one minute to accept my proposition, and if tie falls I will band him over to the oheriff.' Immedately two men from the back of the ccurt rose and began to more torrwards the judge's stand. Once they stopped to look at each other; and then, coming slowly forward, laid down their pisto!s and their dollarr, As they turned their backs the judge said, "This man with the black whiskers is the one that I originally ??." Basr Mo.esrvs.--Monkeys are born in almost as helplcess a condition as are human beings For the fitrt fortnight after birth they paws their time in being nursed, in Elet ping, and in looking about them. IDuring the whole of this time the care and attention of the mother are meot exemplary; the elightest Eound or movement ecitels her immediato notice; and, with her baby in her arme, she ekilfully evades any np. preaching danger by the most adroit maneuvres. At the end of the first fortnight the little one begins to g:t about itself, but always under its mother's watchful care. She frequently attempts to teach it to do for itself, but never forgets her solicitude for its safety, and at the earliest intimation of danger seizes it it her arms and seeks a place of refuge. When about six weeks old, the baby begins to need more substantiat nutriment than milk, and is taught to provide foritself. Its powersarespeedily developed, and in a few weeks its agility is mosF surprising. The mother's fondness for her offspring continues; she devotes all her care to its comfort sad education, and, should it meet with an untimely end, her grief is so intense as frequently to .use her :wn death. No man ever !~oked fox the d·a- saide of life without fdinoe it, A ~. clErn '.eAnDOW OP Tnn SiERUna.- Ima:gine yourself at the Tuolumne Esda springs on the bank of the river, a day's journey above Yosemite Valler. You set off northrard through a forest that stretches away indefinitely before you, seemingly un broken by openings of any kind. As eoon as you are fairly into the woods, the grey mountain peaks, with their snowy gorges and hallows, are lost toviewr. The ground is littered with fallen trunks that lie crossed and recrossed like storm-lodoed wheat; and besides this close growth of pines, the rich moraine soil up ports a luxuriant growth of ribbon-leaved grasses, chiefly bromus, triticum, and agrostis, which rear their handsome spikes and panicles above your waist. Making your way through this fertile wildorness finding lively bits of interest now and then in the equirrels and Clark crows, and perchance in a deer or bear-after the lapse of an hour or two vertical bars of sunshine are seen ahead between the brown shafts of the pines, and then you suddenly emerge from the forest shadows upon a delightful purple lawn lying rmooth and free in the light like a lake. This is a glacier meadow. It is about a mile and a half long by a quarter of a mile wide. The trees come pressing for ward all around in close serried ranks, plantint their feet exactly on its margin, and holding themiselves erect, strict and orderly like soldiers on parade; tlus boundingthe meadow with exquisite preciion,yetwith free, curving lines such as nature alone can draw. With inexpres ible delight you wnde out into the grassy sun lake, feeling yourself contained in one of nature's most sacred chambers, withdrawn from the sterner influences of the mountains, ecure from all intrusion, secure from yourself, free in the universal beauty. And notwithstanding the scene is so impressively spiritual, and you seemed dissolved in it, yet evrry thing about you is beating with warm, terres trial, human love,delightfully substantial and familiar. The rosinypines are types of health and steadfastne-s; the robins feeding on the sod belong to the same species youhave known since childhood; and surely these are the very friend flowers of the old hosme garden. fBeeshum as in a harvest noon, butterflies waver about the flowere, and like them you lave in the vital sunshine, too richlennd homogeneously joy-flilcd to be capable of partial thought. You are all eye, sifted through and through with light and beauty. 3Ii'luinter s ribncr. TI.t tArTlnnDRAL, NonerIC. - Brielly its history is as follows: A catlhedral-the bulk of which Etill remains--was commenced, poeii!y on the site of an earlier church, in litY; by Bishop Herbert de Losinga. He appears to have carried it on about as far as the western tower archs; and all this, with the adjoining priory, was eultlciently complete in 1101 to be handed over to the charge of sixty Benedictine monks. The nave was added some thiry years later. Thus the cathedral was fairly comp!toe before the end ofthe first half of the twelfth century. It nas much injured by fire in 1171, but was resteorn before the end of the century. It was nzain burnt during the great fight between the monks and citizens; after wlhich the restoration was completed. and the cathedral ctneocrated, in the presetne of E?dhard I.. his queen, and court, nit Advent Scunder, 1 7S. The spire, one of the most conspicuous featurcec, was dhked by Bishop Percy, who occupied the see from 5isfG to 1369, though it had to be greatly repaired about a hundred years afterwards, in consequence of being Etruck bylightning.--Our Owe Country. CHICAGo has a wealthy citizen of very liberal disposition. Although belnging to no particular religious sect, he has always hitherto been found ready to contribute to the carrying out of spiritual schemes requiring money. Not long ago, however, he happened to have a business transaction with one of the deacons of a certain Presbyterian church, and the deacon got quite six to four the best of him. A few days afterwards the pastor of this same church called on the merchant for a ubscription towards his schools, but to his Eurprise the usually amiable capitalist pushed the subscription book aside, with the abrupt remark, "Played out." "Dear me," Enid the surprised parson, "I really counted on you, Mr. K.; you have always been so liberal, that I wans in hopes you would head the subscription list!" "I am done," Esaid the merchant. "I have changed my mind -I don't think half the people go to the lower regions that ought to!" IcEe-PnrEenveD Fntr IN SIEnRM.-at tahe close of the evening repast, we ate some excellent fruit preaerrel by the frost. This method of preservantion is altogether peculiar to Siberie. So cOon as the great frost makes itself felt these fruits ar exposed out of doors, and, by preference, to the north, in order that the sun may not get at them. They freeze com pletely, and thus are preeroed in the rame way as the meat, and the alimento of Siberia in general. These fruits keep their lavhour perfectly, in epite of the solid state in which they have been kept. When they ar E erved they are 9as hard as wood, and their fall on the ground produces the same sound as that of a solid and resisting body. Gradually they soften, under the influence of the heat, and reeumo their primitive form. At Tutnen I ate a pear which had become too ripe before freez ing, but the presernvation by the frost had been com p!etely euccessful, notwithstanding this unfavourubte condition.-De Paris 7 Pkint, par VicElor Afifeonan. ToE ltssEL.-By means of the foot and the byrsean gland the mussel is enabled to spin a n net or barb, consisting of numerous thin threads, which it attaches lirmly to the surface of the rock or other object forming its abode. These threads are pro duced from n viscid liquid substance secreted in the byssean gland, which is sucked up into the nper turos of the end of the foot and drawn out into threads, which become quite firm in a short time. Once attached to a rock oriog, they resist the action of the strongest current and the heariest gale. If the animal desires to change its resitence, it draws itself forward as far asn posaible, and attaches a fetr threads as fear ahead as the foot reaches. At the same time a few of the old threads are severed. This manipulation ie repeated until a suitable eite is rent ed. .Althllough this miode of locomotion is extremely slow, the animal nevertheless mawtuges to traverse considerable dietances in this manner, 