MARTIN DEVERIL'S 1 )IAMOND. AM. (VjUiUTi Kr.sf.hvsu. A A' 0 V E I. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of ".vacow'tf Wifb," dc. CHAPTER "Vni.— fx Which Cicely's inot.s auk Cast Down. " M v Door darling," said Cicely, with a tendor- npps of which kwcMi Mrs. T.e Breton in spite of her usual determination to accept no sympathy from her friends, could not but feel the charm, u how J wirii that 1 could help you I "Nobody can help me," said Pauline, letting her forehead rest for a few- momenta against Cicely's shoulder, whilst the girl's arm rested lovingly round the elder woman's neck, " No- bod v can help tno, and 1 do not. want to be helped." Some days had passed since Philip's visit, but she had only just confided to Cicely the eon- tents of her husband's letter Jt was a euslu- marv tiling for Paulino to look sad and depres sed after one of Robert. Le Breton's communi cations, and although Cicely had noticed that she was graver and paler than usual, she had not ventured to question her friend as Philip had done. Pauline, was always reluctant to speak to Cicely of Robert Le Breton. "Can Philip not help you?" said the girl. " Philip least or all," answered Pauline, lift ing head. "If Robert wants me to go with iiim T suppose I shall have to go." " You shall vol go I" said Cicely, with a flash of her eye. " Go back to the mau who left you friendless and ill. in that miserable lodging 1 As if I would, allow that !" " dear Cicely !" There was a tender scorn in Faulinc's voice. "Yes; I. You shall not leave my house with Robert Le Bretou as long as I have any authority in it. L know I haven't any authority over you, and I don't want to have, von dear, sweet thing !" said Cicely falling down on her kuess at Pauline's side, and press ing her lips to Paulino's tremulous lingers, " and I. have none — unfortunately — over Robert Le Breton : but I have a house of my own, thank ihaven ! and some faithful servants too; and I think that bolts aud bars my avail, if moral suarion won't, to keep you iuside and Mr. l.e Breton outside." "My ii"ar little romantic girl, wo don't live in the Middle Ages!" saiu Pauline, smiling sadlv. " it is rather a pitv wo don't !" said Cicely, with a sound of tears iu her sweet laugh. " But. living iu Ladv well Prior has inspired me. i'. mean to behave as though L were quite inediaval. You shall stay her with ine, Paulino, and .1 will send Robert Le Bretou j awav." > " How will you manage that ?" j , I'.v telling hiiu what 1 think, and what the world" thinks.' of his behaviour I You are all too gentle with Robert, i. am sure that nobody has " told him to his lace how mean, and cowardly, ami wicked he has been." "Don't you think so? L did my best " said Mrs. be Breton, with a steady cynicism! "But you were his wife. Men don't listen to their wives—at least so you have told me. L should lik" to see whether another woman could not give him a lesson." " Don't try. Cicely. I would rather that you did not see him— slid not speak to him — again. L know him heller than you do." .Something in the chill uesolatenoss of her lone silenced Cicely. She was still kneeling before her friend, with her clasped hands rest ing ou Pauline' lap, and wistful eyes raised to Pauline's face : but Mrs. Le Breton seemed not even to be thinking of her. Her eyes looked as though they wcie fixed upon something very far away ; "the lines of her face were rigid aud severe. . Presently she roused herself and saw Cicely's tender, mobile face so close to her own that she was obliged to smile and kiss it. " DearY'icelv she said "you say that you ' wish you conlA help me. You help ine far more than you know. I wish 1 had no troubles of my own to darken your life with ! Lt is not fair to you." " What a nice person I should be if I agreed with you !" said Cicely, scornfully. "A selfish, heartless brute of a girl who thought of nobody but herself. How much you would enjoy living with me ! Come, dear Pauline, uon't think of Robert Le Breton any more this afternoon. We will take care that Ho does not darken thvse doors again ; aud, iu the meantime, let us forget him tor" a little time, or only think of him as a bad dream which is not likely to recur. Be cause, you know, dear, It is really qn'to prac ticable for you to refuse to live with Robert Le Breton; it'would be the easiest thing in the world for you to get a separation from hiin if you wished to do so. Uncle Anthony said so Years ago." Cicely followed up her words by a kiss, which was meant to apologise for their straightfor ward common sense, in the case it should wound Pauline's susceptibilities. And then she changed the subject. " It is nearly four o'clock, and I mnst go and change my frock. Don't you kuow who is coming this afternoon?" "No. Mr. Lorraine?" Philip certainly ; but Philip is to bring with him the object of my detestation— the man called Kingkike. Could I have a headache, aud keep away, do von think ?" "Scarcely with propriety. Be a good child and do your duty as hostess." "Ali, "yes! there's the worry of it!" sighed Cicely. "Imagine a usurper entertaining the lat dethroned king of the country at afternoon tea ! 1 shall feel ineliued to maf:e htui a curt sey and say, 'Take your right place, sir ; 1 will abdicate very gladly ; I always felt that I had not the slightest right to be here/ " " What an exaggerated sentiment that would be, Cicely !" The girl had gone into her dressing room, and Pauline could hear her moving about, opeuiug wardrobes and shutting drawers with mar vellous rapidity, as she coutiuued to speak iu her quick, clear tones. " If you only knew what a burden the King- lakes have been to me ever since t came here us a girl of fourteen ! Old Richards had been a IVVUU.tll IU men HUIV , JHHJ WVUV-1, 1. maid : Earraut, a gardener's boy. They stayed on, I believe chiefly in the desire to make the live of the newcomers uncomfortable. The liouse had been empty for some years betweeu the going away of the ICinglakes and onr ar rival ; and tho'sc three had lived in -it and kept up the old traditions." " You never told mc that they made you un comfortable," said Pauline. " Oh, no, 1 was far too proud to say so. But I used to feet draadfully nervous when Richards put on bis grim face and said (so respectfully) so papa, 4 It's just as you please, of course, tir ; but it was never bo in my late master's time.' Then there was Mary Jones— 'Mrs. Kiuglakc was such a true ladv, miss ! She never said a word that would give offence to any living soul !' " 4 A doubtful compliment." "Thou there was Farrant, promoted to be head gardener — "Sony I can't give you this bit o' ground, miss -but. yga see it was the young gentleman's garding, and 1 don't like to 'see it cut to pieces.' What was one to do but to retire humbly from tttie contest, and all but beg his pardon for prtkuining on the young gentleman's possessions " I don't suppese that f on ever were really so weak as you represent, Cijcely ?" " You don't know how weak I can be, then. Papa was not weak ; he used to insist on his plans being carried out. But one thing, I con fess, the spindle- legged chairs in my sitting- room were my doing." There was a little pause, then Cicely reap peared, radiant in a lemon-colored garment which became her admirably, with strings of amber beads rouud her neck aud wrists, and a white flower at her throat. She seldom re quired the services of a maid, unless she were dressing for a party ; she greatly preferred to use her own bands and her own feet, although, as she told Pauline one day with a comical face, Mary .Tones had iuforined her that Mrs. Kinglakfi had never buttoned her own hoots for 2f» years." " Mr. Kingftlako must have been a very la7.y person, i W11QK, OIUCIJ uuueu. .She came back to Mrs. Le Breton's side with a somewhat graver countenance than before, and proceeded wRh the balf-earncst recital of her grievances. "The Church and the picture gallery are the places in which I feel worst. I sit and read the names on the tablets. There was one Ralph, who was a courtier in King Hal's time, and got tlie property when the monasteries were de stroyed ; and Francis, who sailed round the world with Drake ; and Richard, who was a Royalist in Charles' time ; and Kenelm, who tried to find the philosopher's stone and couldn't. Their tombs are all in the chnrch and their pictures in the gallery ; and I wish with all my heart that dear papa had behaved like any other parvenu and built me a staring red brick mansion in a new neighborhood, sur rounded by new grounds newly laid out with spiky, little, expensive trees, also new and juvenile, and not presented me with a real live Priory, haunted by the ghosts of ineu'wilii whom one has not the Jeast connection or sympathy. So now let us go downstairs, Pauline ; I told them to bring tea into the little drawing-room, which has at ieast the advantage of haviug been entirely re-furnished since the days of the Kinglake dynasty." Mrs. Le Breton was not without curiosity to see the man whose fathers had for so many years been the rnuRtcrs of Ladvwell Priory. With all her acutcness, she could not be quite sure whothcr Cicely was in earnest or whether she was merely acting a somewhat whimsical part in objecting so strongly to a visit from one of the Kinglakes. Certainly she showed no sign of shyness nor of unfriendliness as she stood talking to the tall stranger whom Philip Lor raine had introduced. She looked at him with self-possession, which was not devoid of quaint amusement at his positron and her own ; and there was a shrewd gleam in her eve wheu the conversation turned, as it speedily did, upon the old connection of the Kinglake family with Ladvwell. Cicely identified Giles Kinglake at once, and classed him in her mind as belonging to that branch of the family which bad always be- trayed a speculative and adventurous tnru. He was like Francis Kiuglake, who had sailed away to the Indies and nevermore been heard of ; and Kenelm, who was said to have antici pated the latest discoveries in electricity, and joined a little dabbling in alchemy to his scientific attainments ; he was especially like Giles, of Jacobite fame, who had been hanged for treason in one of the Georgian reigns. He was tall, broad - shouldered, and muscular, and yet there was something of the student's air about him — the look of one who spent a great part of his life in towns : hi face had lost the bronao which would have greatly increased his resemblance to the portraits of his ancestors. Cicely looked for Kenelm Kinglake' dreaminess in his brown eyes, ami was startled when she found there the mingled fire aud soft ness which characterised the expression of an earlier progenitor — Francis, the rover of the sea. But he had Kenelm' speculative brow, with a sweep of brown hair that was apt to fall across it and hide its height: and the tine fea tures bore the subtly critical ami observant look -which t'ieelv had noted iu the picture of the alchemist. \Yhetheror no he had Keuelm's beautiful mouth — almost too beautiful and sen sitive for a mail, perhaps — she rould not deter mine. for the brown moustache and beard almost entirely concealed its form from sight. He about thirty-five— he was in reality two or tiiree years younger. They had finished tea before the subject which had so much exercised Cicely's mind was entered upon. Kinglake began by 'remarking upon the changes that had been made in. the village since lie saw it la-t. . .'.'How long is it since you were here?" said Mrs. Le Breton. " I have not been here for twenty-two years. I was nearly eleven when my father sold the place. I suppose it is not to be expected that L should remember much about it," he said so easily and pleasantly that Cicely experienced a sudden feeling of relief. u E don't remember this room at all, for instance." "It was once a library," said Cicely. " At least, so Mary Jones and Richards told us. You will remember Mary Jones and Richards, no doubt, Mr. Kinglake ? They often speak of you." "Do thov? T cannot recall their names or their faces exactly. Are they here still ?" "Oh. yes; we kept as many of the old ser vants nf the house as wo possibly could," said Cicely, auxiouslv. " We would not on any ac count have let them feel that their home was lost because we had come. Richards lias been here, he tells me, for upward of thirty-seven year. " 1 remember hiin." And then Giles King- lake laughed. ' E hope you have not found him as troublesome as he was iu his youth to in v parents. Miss Lorraine, lie has a habit, of quotiug our ancestors and holding us all up to Bcorn in a respectful way which was unspeak ably trying." "Do Vou mean to say that he behaved in that way to you?" said Gicely, laughing in her turn. " Oh, I aiu very glad to hear it. You are the object of Ids adoration now, and we — we bear the penalty !" She was surprised to find herself saying .this so lightly to tin? very man whose visit she had feared ; and she was' more surprised to find that he was liltlo disposed to believe in Richard's devotion. " I am afraid we always considered Richard rather a humbug," said Mr. Kinglake. " J duu t remember Mary Jones. The only old servants who were really attached to us, as far a t know, went away with us. 1 have one of them there now, iu London." Cicely felt a If Richard and Mary Jones had entered into u conspiracy to deceive her. "But — you know J:\irraiU ?" she said, with emphasis. " I'm afraid 1 don't know Farrnnt either,' said Giles, looking at his hostess with very slight comprebeusion of her state of mind. " Unless he was ouee a lad whom my father tinned of! for stealing tulip. L do remember him." Cicely held her peace, and Phillip Lorraine, suspecting her embar;\«sincnt, came to her aid. " Mr. Kinglake would like to see the picture gallerv before the light goes, L think Cicely, and the library too. The other side of the house is not used, and is generally locked up 1 oelieve." " I have the keys here," said Cicriy, rising. " Shall we go now, Mr Kinglake 7" "I am sorry to give you this trouble," he said. u I must explain to you how it comes about that I am here, Mis Lorraine. I have undertaken to help a friend who is writing a hook on the manor-houses of Kent, and Ladvwell Priory — which of course, must not bo omitted on anv account — comes within my beat. I am anxious to verify my friend's belief that there is some very old work in the west wing, but E cannot do ihat without an examination of the architecture. Your cousin, Mr. Lorraine, assured me that you would let me see the west wing with my own eyes." He made rather a long explanation, because he fancied from the blank expression of Cicely's face that she had expected something totally different— he could not tell what. She colored as she assured him, at the close of his speech, that she was pleased to receive him at1 Lady well, and that the whole house was free to hiin to go whithersoever he chose. And then she led the war to the picture gallery, of which she wa really proud, set him face to face with the portrait of his ancestor, Kenelm Kiuglake, and waited with some uuxioty for his next words. But Mr. Kinglako did not seem to be a demonstrative man. He viewed the picture with polite unconcern. u I suppose that you remember them all ?" said Cicely. " Not very well. T don't know much about art. L remember this one — Kouelm — and that of my namesake over there, because they were the two genuine ones." " Genuine ones !" gasped Cicely. " Aren't thev all gonuiue ?" Mr. Kinglake looked at her with a smile, which lapsed into a graver expression a lie met her look of bewilderment. " Some of them are genuine, no doubt," he said. "One cannot he certain of all the pictures in a gallery, Miss Lorraine. No doubt tliey are as genuine a most of the portraits one meets now-a-days." Cicely's spirits seeming to be a little damped by these remark j Philip and Mrs. Le Breton assumed the lead m conversation, and led him past the picture and into the old library. Here Mr. Kiuglake seemed more at home. " L do remember this place," he said. " Yes, I spent a good many hours reading romances in the old window-seat here. But you have changed the furniture, I think ?" "I knew he would miss the spindlclcgs," muttered Cicely in Pauline's ear; but there was now more pleasure than anxiety in lier toue. Aloud she answered boldly — " it has gone into my own sitting-room up stairs. My father liked a ' more solid kiud of furniture for a library." "No doubt he was right," said Kinglake, simply. "This is a great deal more suitable. I never cared much for Chippendale chairs my self." "You would like to see the old rooms up stairs f ' said Cicely, rather abruptly. "Thank you. no. I think I had better get to the older part of the building at once, if yon will excuse me. I must be back in town this evening, and the light will be very good just now for the west wing." Accordingly Cicely let him go whither bis tastes seemed to lead hhn, under Philip's guid- anco. Not that Mr. Kiuglake required much guidance, for as he told Lorraine, he remem bered this part of the building very much bet ter than the more modern portion, and he spent two hours therewith great satisfaction to him self, whilst Philip walked, talked, or sat on a stone and smoked. They declined an invitation to dinner which Mrs. Le Breton brought to them, and it was not until the sun was Hutting tiiat Giles declared his task to be done. Ho made one or two careful drawings of part of the architecture, for, in spite of what he had said of his ignorance of art, he was himself no mean draugutsiaau, aud he had scraped away the mould from a date and an inscription, aud was altogether flushed, dusty, and much more excited than he had been at his first appearance npon tlie scene at Ladywell. " I've finished for to-uight, Phil," be raid cheerily. " I think old Gough will be satisfied. But L should like to run down again to-mor row if Miss Lorraine would allow mc to come." " Of conrso she'll be delighted. " And, by-the-bvc, Lorraiue, I did not like to sav much to her at the time, but I think she ooglit to be told sooner or later the history of those pictures. I thiuk her father must have known it when he bought the place." " What history ?" "Why: they were nearly all done by- a protcgiYof iny great geaudfather's, to till up the space hi that gallery. He was a boastful old fellow, my great-grandfather, and wanted to talk about the portrait of his ancestors, I imagine, so the artist had to evolve them from hi inner consciousness. They aro all very much like, more or less copied from the faces of Kenelm and Frauds, which were genuine." . " Those are the only ones of any real histo rical value, then ?" " The originals were. But these are not the originals, Phil. ; the originals are hanging iu my owu study at home. These are only very clever copies. They are very like the real pic tures, but not the geuuino articles themselves. I Buppose that Mr. Lorraine did not know much of painting?" " Nothing, I believe." "And, of course, his daughter knows onl v what he told her. 1 urn sure that no unfair ad vantage was taken when the house was first sold ; but it is a pity that Miss Lorraine should thiuk the pictures valuable or trustworthy when they are not so. Perhaps you will toil her about tbem." "1 will. »Sho will be vexed, I fear; fiho takes a great pride and pleasure in the au- tiquity of the house and its belongings." Giles Kinglake looked surprised. " i should have thought she would have got over that pliao of feeling," he said carelessly. I know one goes through it when one is young, but iu fact, 1 suppose that I grew to iden tify this house with all t he family troubles and embarrusmeuts until it became positively un- pleasant to me. I know that I was awfully glad when we got rid of it." "Then he is a Goth f " said Cicely, to whom this conversation was repeated later in the eve ning. "A Goth and a Phillistine, and I hate him. I never was no thoroughly disappointed in any bod' in mv life I" (TO UK CONTINUED.) 