LOCAL AND, pENERAL NEWS There will be mass to-morrow at the Peak Mloun tainand at Goodna .on the 20th at Alfred ; on the, 27th at Mount Walkeb; on the 28th at Rosevale iud on the 31st at Esk. Mfi erg of "F aeiibpay, Morebon Regiment are freminded of,the prpde callend for this afternoon, for. the purpose of meeting a'nunber of the metropolitan men, who are to reach Ipswich soon after half-past' h o'elock,' "There will, :noopsbt, be a goodly turn put of the pdblice to ,nee the Queensland Scottish A grand concert and ball are to be given at Esk on the ovenings of the Sth and 9th of November pext, on the occasios of 'the promised visit of the Ipswich cricketers to that township to meet the Esk and Biarra willow-weilders. The adjourned meeting of the Queensland Royal Arch Chapter, No. 100, will take place this after noon, at 3 o'clock, at the Masonic Hall. A tea, public meeting, and ball will be held on Ineeday, tdhe th ofbnext month, is celebration of the p he n nfhpw! Oddfollows' Hall (GraudtUnited The following entries have been received for the' Gattoo races on the 29th instant :-Trial Stakes : The:Laird; Miss;Newbold, Silyer Queen, Drumrner, Mscat. lm.. ,Do, ,ultn,. Friday, and ,Xriffer. JFdinetas tc&: Sepby, `Savldohii, 'SwhetbHiar, andi Turk. Selling Race : The Don, Aristocrat; Sepoy,. and The Serf. A public tea-meeting at she Churchbank Presby. terian Church is announced for Tuesday, the 2nd of November next, the occasion being the ordination of the Rev. Alfred Grimson. An edict from the Prebytery was read at Churchbank, last Sunday, ssoau? .bms d ta. Iea kv &': fs lithtr?, Brisbane, sej.opreach the ordination sermon. Five or six ministere and a legion e[,lders from Brisbane are also e1pbdclto jlfajJ3p asl4b dite tipAhs94to take llabist elo ' in he mae nti?n. r.:fin-n son, we understand, is la you!ng man, and a recent arrival in the colony, and the intention is that he shall devote all his time to the spiritual requirements of the Churchbank district. On Thursday morning ?elt, about 8 o'clock, Mr. J. M. King, of Little Ipswich, met with a very pain ful mishap. He was out at Yamabnto with the big draught stallion Muirboy,, and, when mounting his saddle-horse to return, the'entire-which, it seems, was not well usedrtq being led from. horseback reared up. Mr. King checked him, and continued the act of getting into the saddle. The big horse, however, had no sooner come down than he seized Mr. King by the upper part of the right thigh, near the hip, and, raea}i geaiep(fift?ed -imclean out of the saddle. Hbl'iddI tt tt orlb o fed the saddle horse against the fencanl the balttle animal--against which rather than the man lthie shtllion's anger was, perhaps, directed-promptly cleared out. As the entirebrfppgnbtdoldwnhis .ore feet ble struck DMr. Kinigs left hip bheavily against the fence, and then r-eles hjm. Mg. hiong ran tfter and esught the borsnb. au immdiately tilt very ihezy, and did not ilthio i prueoq, tp take hb ,hsayge,inyo tows., Do. S;ioln tl?o Hardjgga offr ýb lend hin a buggy, ho Bent a .ygeii foraP cab, ip.which he came to town, ?t?tif bh6h plseed'himseffenUtier Dr. Neill's care.. The outer. path bUlMr.. Kig's thigh was cut -by the teeth of the animal's lower jaw, but the inner pnft,eithhongq seely lacerated, was not cut deep. T satkia proliabl?jhindered by a coin in Mr. King's pocket, against which the horse's teeth came into fboon sta.,l P ofpre eur,~ 6fer, was sc great that the ?MWa'inri n iu t th roitsers pocket, and the coin was deeply inmbedded in the skin. The impres dia , of thebyoin rests immediately above the great artn' false' thl h.!i lsi oh', withodt'the fortunate po?roticab :iWohll in all probability have been aesverely injured. The pain caused by the surface *bunds and the bruise on the left side was very gflatl doimgh tile night, 'dd' Mr. King ahlfers since mrhli btjhffdaibabt thi injured limbs, as lie probably will do for a few days to come. ( l .hil1 qi?slh?cý,orhiThthe Marist fathers in?t?odsiueth R ?elxi ? otblic Church of thin town, on Wednesday last, is being attended with go]spfcabos'buao sn. Thf[eo ?a.?es wise i:eebrtecd on the morning of Thursday, each of which was 3lllattS'sd6d. + 'Afttr last?i mass on that day an logOuent sermon was preachen l by the Rev. Fath !r 'ieut, ,' At the evening service, on the same day, hierei.' goentl; eman again preached with great tarnytygasand eft?t.tn the'?uhj-ct of sin; and was lis~eoedmto 'ith rspt attention iyibte large'ongre gation wvhiJeh flle the"building,to its follest capacity. Confehsidns' ?ee"hpIrd by. tehe nilssioniries and several priestc fromn 10onloek in the morning till h in theev'ening (with the exception of .a oouple of hoonuidn 'the middle of thme day), and. also after thie benediction of the blessed sacrament, at night, until a lute Ihour. A-A? the, Police Coart, on Th aroday lst, beiori the Police Maisintrate; one female inebriate wag dis charged. Yosterday, Heinrich Hansen, arrested on Salspicio of h?ring stolen some jewellery from Enoggera; was 'brpought, before the lBench, and re mandeddor,the production of .w tueses from ]iris bane. In the afternoonu.a detective came up from Briabaneo.wiy then view of identif ing the man, but, as it was found that the accused was not the man wanted, he awa formally brought before the Police Magistrate and discharged. During the wesek an order wag. mnlte proJlibiting the oppply of intoxicat tag liuor to JaeaEglaa d 'r a piod of twelve I iiobthn; Dauring tie recent sittings of the Congregational Union in Brisbane, the Rev. Joseph Walker, the omling Chairaian, stated' that 'Mr. L. Thomsa had geneoqusly propniscd l50'.per. aunum towards the suppoit of the Rev. J. . Daviae,.who lad been ap pointed Cougregatiohal minister at Blackstonc. Messrs. J. blaefarlane, d.L.A., and W. Tathnm were elected to seats'on the coinmmittee. (rants of £30 and £22 10J. weret made to the Gatton and Goodna'Chuhr?es respectively; and it was also de cided that, owing t?'the lack of ministers, a move ment should be initiated to Cetablish a local traininig college. ,A motion expfCObing regret .that the Con t:gioouu IDiseases Act w.s still in flore", ar.d urging. upon the Governmont the ercesaity f"r its eatly r' peal, halinug l cl passed, the proceeditys terminated. A splendid Wa teirhottle awl Glass, G i.; a lieauti. ful 'lictumic. 0.1.; 50 dte.yeinTin Canldlesticks, 6id.; \Vine.Glas?ce, six for 19,; and a wind ow fall of ct1 ad? at I?. eachc . Never lsfore svten in Ipsovich. W\hois selling thse (O';ois :-o cheap? Why, It. \t; I le's & Ce), of course! D? )l'r fail to colle ill hulllreds to-night ! amid buy your Clotles.l'egs at il. a doze.n. Our place of bubshcas will be illutmiattted with lanternts to.night (',turcc'yl.-lAtcv'r.] 029 COME. GENTLE SPH And bring malaria, dv?pep'ia, bilsioesllcs. torpidity of liver, and a train l I isr,.i mti -li'es. IFocrtun.at,!v, Dr. Ilella (iidley It Li\ves) Bitters arce at lland Tl'hey ay be hlcl of the nI:tcrebt droggist. and will purify the systeml. ?ol rort the tllrn;lclh land ,,ele, stii?ulatcic hc l[er and kiclicoyct e liellthy actn,, reic-tot a. jocucoucs hatctae, and make y.ca iccl like a Inew mana. At a spring medicine, tonic, and blood- purifier, it has no ctfrul. The Commoiesioner for l'olice has received a tele gram from Rockhampton to the followiuig effedt : ' The body recently found near Springsure was tha. of J. Brodie, of Purbrook,,eontractor for the telegraph line front Springaure to Taroom. The body was fogund on Meteor Downs-road, nineteen miles from Springeure. Brodie had been seen in Rolleston on the 9th instant, and Ihe must have died the amene night, h'e was lying by the ashes of a fire with his head on a saddle and fully dressed. The body was decomposed when found on the 13th instant. An inquiry is now being held. Deceased used to comn plain of having sg eartdisease." A committee meeting of the Ipswich and West Moreton Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held in the Council Chambers, School of Arts, last night. The president (Mr. R1. Gill) occupied the chair, and Messrs. C. F. Chubb (vice-president), J. Scott,. James M'Gill, J. T. Jameson, T. Eden, P. Brown, A. Rix, IH. Marcus, and A. J. Stephenson wore also present. Prizes, accounts, &c.;, in connection with the late show, to the amount of £83 Is. 7d. were passed for payment, subject to their being found correct by the treasurer. It was decided that the sunuoer show should be held on Thursday, the 13th 6f January, and that no entries should be received after 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the previous day. Messrs. Scott, Rix, Eden, Jameson, and M'Gill were appointed -a ub.committee to prepare the prize-list. On' the mnotion of Mefsrs. SAGill and Scott, it was resolved that tenders should he invited, by advertisement, from persons willing to under take the secretaryship, at a remuneration of £20 yearly and a commiseson of 10 per cent. on all sub scriptionos. suo donations collected by him. The necting,itser,.a vptc of thankie to the chairman, adjourned till Thursday next, when the tenders Will be considered. We were, yesterday, shown by a resident in this town a queer freak of nature is the shape of a young lduck without eyes. The little creature, which is seven days old, Is quite healthy and strong, has not " the ghost of an eye" in any form, and altogether presents a 'lost" appearance. . Last night we were made aware of the fact that we were not altogether forgotten, for a meseenger smilingly handed over to us a large package of Mae farlane andl Sons' lollies of world-wide reputation. VWe pot the lollies in immediate consumption. For alittle while we forgot all our troubles about the Hospital, the rifle-range, shade-trees in the streets, and, in fact, dreamed that we were a happy bay again. All who wish to obtain similar 'bliseful oblivion -hould visit early and often the establish ment of the firm named. We are reminded not only that "Christmas comes 'but once a year," but that it is rapidly approaching. by the receint from Mr. N. L. hall of a package of cards appropriate to the festive seasorsn abshore referred to. Amongst these isasixpenny package-a marvel of heauty-containing a dozen extremely pretty samples of the artists' and printers' productions. The parcel also includes some decidedly distinctive colonial designs, which are eminently suited to for. ward to r'lartres at home as mementoes of this -~anny land of ours, which they may contrast withl the appearance, at Christmas time, of tile dear old laud. As year aflter year rolls by. one thinks that it is impossible to farther improve these favourite ,productions, but the numerous samples before os very conclosively show the fallacy of this opinion. At tile Petty Debts Court, on Thursday last, before the PolioP Magistrate, Thomas Gray sued Lauritz Hanson Kjsr for £7 2I. 9d., for goods sold, and ob. tained a verdiet, with 10a: costs. Duncan M'Carrol sued Joseph Russell for £5 6s. 8d., George Hearne for £6 6s. 6dlf., Charles Stringfellow for £3 Os. 5d., and L. H. Kjar for £3 tIs. 2d., for meat sold, and obtained verdicts, with costs. Mr. P. A. O'Sullivan apmeared for M'Carrol, and in the first and second of his cases the wives of the defendants (wnho were away at Dinmore anod Redbank at work) appeared and disputed portions of the accouots, but, as no defence had been filed, verdicts were given for plain till, the women being informed that, if their husbands had a good defence, they could apply for a new, trial. W. G. Thomas sued J. Eskriggc for £8 4s. 2d., for~goods sold. The defendant did not ap pear, and a verdict was given for the plaintiff, with casts. Edward and Harriet Hodgkin sought to recover from IV. Geary £2 10s., for washing and nursing for defendant's wife. Mr. P. A. O'Sullivan appeared for the plaintiffs, who were nonaouited without costs, the Bench holding that the casecould not legally be brought after one of a later date between the same parties having recently been heard. the Act providing that it should have covered all claims. There was also an interpleader case heard, in which George Fuller laid claim to certain goods and.phattela iszed by the bailiff to satisfy a verdict of the Court in the case Beale and Co. v. L. H. Kljar for.£9 5s.,for hire of an organ. Fuller produced a sort of agreement between himself and Kjar, and stated that thyy ware, t one time, tlinking of goi? into partiersenhip as hawkers, hie lending Kjar. £15. The Bench held that the document was not a valid bill of sale, and made an order that the bailiff re marin iw porsesiaon. TaHE RULINc SPIIT 01 o Gurcus.-Intenllectual power is a great influeunce. It ruled the destiny of England in: Disrealir and Gladstone, sways the operations of national affairs in Germany through tismarck, and directs the government to France, by the authority of Gambetta. WOLFt's SrIINAI'n's absorbs all-the other decoctions of gin used through. out the world. and may, therefore, be considered its maeterapirit: Always ask for Isilfe SchnaPlp. Jlollorpay's tFills are strongly recomlmended to all persons whol are much reduced in power and condi tion, whose stomachs a-e wetk, and whose nerves are shattered. The hbeneficial effects of these Pil's will beyecoptible. after a few days' trial, though a more extended course mty he required to re-establish perfect health. Holloway's medicine acts on the orgaoi of digestion, and induces complete regularity in the stomach, liver, pancreas, and kidneys. This tregtment.is, both safe and certain inl result, and .is thorleug)lny consistent with observation, experience, andaoomn?gn.sense. The purification of the blood, the retmoval of all rioxionuo matter fronm thesecretions, and thie excitement of gentle action in tile Ioweots, aire the sources of the curative powers of Holloway's eills.--l[Anvr.j Wind and weather permitting, Ros.'s splendid assortlenot of Goods, just imported direct froms Eng land for the rapidly- approaching Christmas season, will be ready for inspectiuu next Saturday. Ercry thing fresh and ' neoo." Christmas Cards entirely unapproachable for beauty and cheapness. Been stretching the shop this last week to accommodate tie stullf next Saturday.-[AelvT.] 553 To the.old folks at home ! Christmas Cardsatall prices, and in all varieties; this season's newest samples now opened and ready for sale; a niles memento to send ,t tile old coqotry. 'ORMAN L RBAL,, Nicholas:street.-[-Anv.] n-s 