THE REV. G. M. CONNOR, M.A., AT THE SALE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The Rev. G. M. Connor, M.A., occupied the pulpit at the Sale Presbyterian Church yesterday morning and evening for the first time since his induction to the charge. In the morning he took for his text Acts lc. 8., " But ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you." The subject was, "The mystery of spiritual might." Think of the continual motion that is going on all around; of the great earth itself spinning along on its airy path through space, the flying cloud, the rushing stream, the buldding plant and the preying animal, all moving, all active, and, last of all, greatest of all, man with his active mind and his free will work- ing out his own destiny. Could we stand in the midst of the flying wheels of creation without asking some question ? What makes it all go? Where is the moving power of the universe, withtout which the cloud would cease to sail aloft or the wild beast to roam, without which the spring buds would cease to come forth and the human mind cease to think and to act. The very life and motion we see around us in earth and sea makes us ask the question, " what can we know of tlhe forces we here see acting?"' It is well for us at the outset of all questions that arise for solution in re- gard to nature or man to take it for granted that in seeking an answer we shall meet with mystery by the way, and mystery was here meant something, albout which we can learn a little, but cannot clearly understand or fully comprehend. All such questions in re- gard to nature or man end finally in God, and when we approach God we meet with mystery. Be assured then that mystery will be met with along all the avenues of know- ledge. When in our enquiries Godward, we meet with mystery, we have met with a little of the glory of God. The preacher then set before his hearers one or two things which were mysterious. He considered first the mys- tery of natural forces. In what we are pleased to call inanimatle nature, immense forces are continually at work, and, like all great forces, they move slowly, and we become so accustomed to their actions that we overlook them. Nature, however, is not really dead, for the more closely we considered it the more we saw its life. We are gradually be- coming acquainted with these forces of nature, we are learnling how we can use them for our own ends. There was a time when very few of these forces were made use of. Neither gas light, steam engines, telegraphs, or lucifer matches were in use till a comparatively recent period, so that everyone of us call see the advantages we possess over the generations of people who were not familiar with these things. There are other forces quite as useful and far more important to man ; forces which he is in- tended to use for his own benefit, and yet we take but little advantage of them. Though we were familiar with the applica- tionll of the forces mentioned, we cannot understand how these forces act. No one can explain how the fire burns. There is a mystery connected with this and many other things. God, however, brought them into play. He keeps them in working order, and their mysteriousness shows how great their Originator is. When we look wisely be- hind natural forces we can see that divine power is the moving force. Take the mystery of bodily strength. We were accustomed to speak of strong men, and weak, frail men. There is then in our physical frame a cer- tain force called strength of body, strength of limb, etc. It is most usually applied to all the forces of nature, it is a power everyone has in himself, and which each one can command for his own use. It is a power that belongs to everyone, and yet it is a power we may not have. It is possible to lose this power,and while it is in man, it is not part of man. Try and think what this power is. We can perhaps explain the way in which we gain and lose strength. We cannot explain what the thing itself is. There is a mystery about it. God gave it: He supports us in strength, He lays His altlicting hand upon us, and our strength de- parts. When He removes this mysterious strength, we become weak as babes. So we are dependant on Him for all our bodily strength. The preacher next considered the mystery of mental vigour, which is to the mind what bodily strength is to the body. Without it we become mentally weak, hav- ing no capacity for the ordinary affairs of life. Unless a man was endowed with special vigour, he was not fit to be a leader of men. It cannot be communicated by one man to another; each man seems to have a certain supply of it. It is different from the mind, but yet it belongs to the mind, just as physi- cal power belongs to the body, and for this mental vigour we have as much reason to be thankful to God as for our bodily strength. There was also that still more mysterious power of moral might. When we find a man in a great measure possessed of this power, we utterly fail to get that man to take any course he does not consider right. We may bring physical trouble upon him, or even threaten him with death, but hav- ing this moral might within him he will scorn life itself rather than do what he knows to be wrong. This power which can so influence the human soul is even more mysterious than the other powers referred to, for we can comprehend it less, and it is more evidently of God. God is the Creator, Preserver, and also the Sustainer of His creation. It is the Divine Spirit of God, which supplies the power to live and to act that we see in all things around us. Besides the ordinary divine necessary action, there is also a special and extraordinary action of this same divine spirit both of nature and of man. Miracles were the special manifesta- tion of the divine power working in nature. Again, we have an example of the action and of the spirit of the human mind in the case of those who were called prophets, their prophecies being beyond their own compre- hension, for they were able to take a mental grasp of the future and declare to the na- tion what its conduct shouldl be—having regard to that future. Our grandest privi- lege as Christians, and our duty to our Divine Master is to seek God's influence. We cannot expect to succeed in the work which God has given us to do, unless we use the powers which he has placed at our dis- posal; and, while seeking this spiritual in- fuence, let us remember that it is a divine power, and the one thing in this universe that always suecceeds. In the evening, Mr Connor preached from the parable of the Pharisee and the publican. 