Suburban Epitome. | A Sydney cabman got three months for robbing a man. If tlie magistrates go on in this way we shall be confined to 'busses and trams. Five Dock people arc hopeful of getting the Leichhardt tram extended there. They act wisely by offering to give the land necessary to the construction of the line to the Government free. The Ashfield aldermen positively dc _i* ? x. ? j.Li. :t tiAfAM lmfA u cuno w run iu uuui, u tut-; any improvements. I The St. Lconnrd's aldermen must be j a lively menagerie. At the council meet- j ing last week an alderman in the course of a discussion which was not amicable said, ' Surely I have a right to express an opinion without being jumped on by a lot of fiery dogs.' And another alder man ' thought the boot was on the other foot.' A borough' council composed of fiery dogs, with boots on, must be a 'caution to cats.'. The two Bathurst policemen who / went on a spree in Chinkie-town were fined ' with the. option ' like ordinary mortals. A man in South Australia was arrested for shooting at a party who were tin kettling his daughter on her marriage. This is an encouragement to that regu larly organised ^band of ' tinkettlcrs ' known as the Salvation Army. A £3000 fire took place in Newcastle, that bane of insurance companies, pn Sunday. £87,000 was what it cost to arm and fit out the, Massilia and Lusitania during the kst war scare. More than a third as great as the much-grumbled-at cost of the Soudan : expedition, Why do all the M-'s. go in for flower shows ? After Manly comes Marrickville, the last of this month. The North Shore penny ferry service run by the 'Neutral Bay Co. didn't prove a success, and has stopped running. The Tramway Department intend to initiate a new style of tramcar to be drawn with a light motor. And when they have fooled away several years and a few hun dred thousand pounds on them they will probably decide on adopting the cable trams. ' It is lucky the colony is rich enough to pay for all these experiments. The nightsoil coachmen over Iledfern way seem to be a jocular lot. One of them was sentenced to seven days for playfully depositing a load of fertiliser on I a public street, while another was fined I £4 for humourously shifting a quantity up against an appreciative neighbor's door. v _ ' _ The outlying suburbs are luiving their turn now at petty burglaries. A party of religiously disposed culprits are work ing the churches in the district picking up the communion services and any stray collections that eome in the way. Au burn was the last place visited. Another cabman in trouble. Wanted only 7s Gd for driving Mr. Musgrove clear up to Paddington and back, and then assaulted that gentleman for un reasonably objecting. Fined 40s or twenty one days. There is no case on record of any man, even a cabman, coming out ahead, who attempted to try conclusions with a ghost. ' . ' 