Laying tho Foundation Stone of St. Matthews* Uhurch of Eng land, Drayton. Monday last was a red-letter day in the annuls of the old town of Drayton. For souie years past the wooden building which has dono duty as a church was found to be unnuit ablo and behind the times, and steps were taken for tho erection of a building of a more modern typo. The necessary funds were sub scribed, aud Mr Jus. Marks, Architect, Too woomha, was instructed to propare a suitable plan and specification. About three or four weeks ago the building was let to Messrs Scott, Hobart, and Watson, and the foundations are already above the level of tho ground aud showing an outline, of tho proposed building. Tho ceremony of laying tho foundation stone ? was announced to be performed by the Right Rev. Dr. Webber, Bishop of Brisbane, and this fact tended to draw together a large concourse of spectators from Toowoomba aud the surrounding district. Shortly after twelve o'clock His Lordship arrived, accompanied by tho Hon. W. H. Groom, .and was received by the Rev. J. M'CIoverty, and the trustees of tho church. Tho Bite chosen, is ono of the most commanding in tho neighborhood of' Drayton, and when once it is finishnd — with its 50 foot spire — will form ono of the landmarks of tho district. The building which in of plain gothic design is 43 fcot long by 24 feet wide, and 1G feet high from floor to wall plates. The founda tions and walls arc of blue stone, from the Toowoomba corporation quarry ; the dressings to doorways, windows, and buttresses, arc of froestono from Murphys Creek ; tho porch and tower are of freestone, 32 fcot high on which is to be erected a spire IS feet high, making a total height of 50 feet from the ground to top of spire, The latter with trancepts and chancol are not included in tho prescut contract. Tho doors are of hardwood, and tho whole of the roof timbers are of clean wrought pine, covered with galvanised iron. The walls are to be plastered in the inaido in stucco, and lined in blocks. Tho cast end wall being temporary is of wood, so as to bo easily removed when tBo trancepts are added, also temporary provision is made for a vestry, chancel, and organ chamber, . within the present part, and sitting accomodation for about 100 persons. The contract price with out tho spire and internal fitting is £850. ? Tho proceedings bogau by tho Sunday School children, undor tho leadership of Mr J. Higgins, to the number of fifty or sixty march ing .from tho old church with banners flying, aud singing _ hymns to the site of tho now church, and with the other spectators ranging themselves round tho 'stono' which was to bo laid in true masonic stylo. After a hymn had been sung, Mr Gcorgo' M'CIoverty, one of thi) trusteos, handed a handsomo silver trowel to tho Bishop, and requested him to use it in' laying tho stone. The ceremony was then proceeded with in accordance with the ritual of tho English Church. In a cavity of the stone a scaled casket was deposited con taining the current coins of the realm, copies or the Darting Downs uaselle and Toowonuiba Chronicle, and a scroll inscribed as follows : — ' In the name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity this Foundation Stono was laid by the Right Reverend W. T. Webber, Lord Bishop of Brisbane, on Monday, the 16th day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty six, being the liftioth year of tho roign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, in dedication of the Church to St.' Matthew. His Excollency Sir Arthur Palmrr, K.C.M.G., Acting Governor. The Parliamentary representatives of this district being tho Honorable W. H. Groom, Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly of Queensland, Robert Aland, Esq., and James - Campbell, Esq. Trustees of the Church; Edward Dowliug Hodgson, Esq., J.P., Eton Vale, Thomas Anderson, Esq., Westbrook, and Georgo M'CIoverty, Esq., J.P. Drayton. Churchwardens : Matthew Shcppherd, Esq.: and Honry Clark, Esq. Contractors : J. H. Scott and Co. Architect : James Marks, Esq, Incumbent of the Parish: Reverend James M'Clevorty.' Tho stono was then lowered to its place, and the Bishop declared it well and truly laid in the faith of Jesus Christ and in the name of tiic Father, tho Son, and the Holy Ghost. The ceremony being concluded, contributions as is customary, in aid of the building fund was laid upon the stone. We understand the sum contributed amounted to over £40. Tho Bishop shortly addressed thoso present and intimated that the confirmation service which had been postponed the previous day on account of the weather woald take place on Thursday next. Shortly after the ceremony had been com pleted tho Bishop, with tho visitors were en tertained at luncheon by the trustees. The .iiVtlnR wnrn laid in flip npw Hrtiir^ TTmian which has only recently been erected, and was used for this purposo for the first time. Thorc wore upwards of seventy ladies and gentlemen present amongst whom wo observed, the two members for Drayton and Toowoomba — Messrs Aland and Groom, tho member for Aubigny, Mr James Campbell, Mrs and Miss Groom, Mr and Mrs Garget, Mr and Mrs Harris, Rev. J. M'Cleverty, Mr and Mrs Yosper, Mr and Mrs Fielder, Mr T. Anderson, Mr W. Crawford, Mr E. D. Hodgson, Mr Goorgc' M'Cleverty and others.. Mr Groom presided, haviug tho Bishop nt on Ilia right hand. Mr Aland iu the un avoidable absenso of the Mayor of Toowoomba occupied the position of vice-chairman. The purveyor was MrT, K. Lamb, who, at consider able ^disadvantage, - provided a first-class luncheon equal to anything to bo had in tlio metropolis. The toast list after the usual ?? loyal and patriotic' ones, had been duly honored, was limited to two, viz. — 'May tho Church Progress' coupled with the namo of the Bishop of the Dioccso, and that of tho ' Incumbent of St. Matthews;' . Mr Groom, in proposing the former toast, said that in a mixed assemblage such as this,, lie ilid not intend to rofer to the Church of England particularly, but to tho Church in a general sense, or as tho Into Bishop of Mel bourne spoke of it when leaving tho Austra lian shores. He said : *' that thorc should bo union outside as well us inside tho church ; we had all one Saviour; one Biblo, aud one Sal vation, therefore there ought to bo more union prevailing amongst the different denomina tions than there was at the present time.' At tho great annual gathering of Sunday School children in Brisbano 011 the Queen's Birthday, when thoro wero sometimes as many as 7000 children assembled, united togothor for ono day at loast as ono brother hood — presenting a spectacle which should provail amongst tho churches generally. No two minds wero constituted alike, and dif ferences of opinion must bo cxpeectcd on religious as well as political subjects, but for all that ho thought it would bo woll to recog nise ourselves ns brethren, though wo might differ in minor points of doctrine. There had been timos in tho post when tho protcstant denominations had to present a united point to the common enemy, but how much more oifoctivo would that opposition bo were all tho churches united ? Ho was proud of tho progress which had been inado by tho Church of England in tho past, and lie was pleased to sco anothor stop taken in a forward direction by tho erection of a now church horo in Drayton and ho trusted this would only bo the tirst of a. groat number of foundation stones His Lordship would bo permitted to lay in this colony. Ho was pleased to know that tho Bishop had brought with him a splendid record of his work in tho east end of London, aud if ho was not mistaken ho would leave as good a record bohiud him, whon ho should bo callod to leave this diocese. Ho woll remem bered tho momorablo phraso which he used some six or eight mouths ago, whon being told by a gentleman in this locality, of tho uphill worli liq tad. bof.org him iu (no «9leny, His Lordship replind, ' I havo not travelled 17,000 miles to reach tho fo -t of tho hill, and not to get to tho top of it,? Ho had much pleasure in proposing this toast. Bmhop WiiBBErt said, the Chairman had gono over so many points in his address, that ho had only time to touch on one or two of thorn. Ho had spoken so strongly in favor of union that ho . thought lib must really belong to that society which at homo was called tho re-union association, tho object of which was to promote union between the Church of England nnd thoso Non-Conformist Churches, which, had from time to time been separated f roin that church. At tlio timo those various bodies left the Church of England they had probably good grounds for doing so, us tho worldlinoss and irreligion which prevailed inside tho pale of the church in thoao days was not favorable to tho growth of Christianity. No eho at tho prcsont day could fail to recognise the vast benefits which England had dorivod 'from tho life and labors of such men as Wesley and Whitfield, whoso work remained to this day a living monument of tho noblo and selfdeny ing character of these men. It was the ideal of a reformed and ro-united Church that they endeavoured to reproduce, aud he for ono, had tlio kindliest feelings to members of the Wealeyan Church, and ho hoped that tlio day was not distant when they would bo .reunited with tho Church of England. When he came to Brisbane, he commenced a fund for tho building of a cathedral, and amongst the first subscriptions ho received was ono of £20, from a mombor of the Wes leyan body. It was tho Bishop q^f Lincoln, he thought, who at a recent meeting of the society to which ho had allnded, pointed out that i £ thoro wero ovor to be bucIi a (ro- union of the churches it was because' tho Church of England had como to fully re cogniso tho particular points upon which thoso churches had parted from hor, ' nud that they had been witnesses for some trnth which tho church at the timo seemed to have forgotten. It wiis quite true that they had kept that church alive, and that was now recognised by the Church of England. Ho confessed that ono of tho things ho mis3ed hero was the largo attendance of . school children, but ho had always wished it to bo understood that when he wont' to any parish ho dosircd to hold a children's meeting. His denire was that the Church of England should do its fair share of work in tho colony, and he might hero mention that ho was now raising a ?mall fund of £10,000 for church building, and ho would liko them to bear that in mind ; and here he would again acknowledge their indebtedness to members . of tho non -con- formist bodies, for he did nob know what the Church of England people would havo done without them. Already ho had obtained the sorvicos of 11 additional clergymen, but even that number was only a drop in tho ocean and' he trusted not only to' get a further increase, but a continuance: of the cordial support thoy hod received in the past from non-conformists. Ho thanked them for tho cordial manner in which tho toast of his health had been recoived. Tho Chairman next proposed the health of Mr M'Cleverty the lucuin bent of St. Matthews, paying a high tribute to that gentleman, for tho great service he had rendered to the church in the different spheros of labor in which ho had beon placed in the colony. Mr. M'Clevbiiti' in responding ? said, that ho hadjentcred tho church entirely for the love of it, and did not deserve all the flatter ing things the chairman had said of him. ? He might say that in nil his undertakings ho had always managed to take his people with him, and this plan he would recommend all young ministers to endeavor to do. Mr G. M'Cleverty proposed the health of Chaiiman and the Vice-chairman, to which these gentlemen responded and the proceedings wero brought to a close. Wo understand that tho children' of tho Sunday School were afterwards ontcrtaincd, and onjoyed the treat immensely. 