CAULFIE LD TRAINING NOTES. By "Bohemian." During the past week we have been favou'ed with beautiful weather here, consequently there has been some good wcrk cot through, the Cup homes especi- ally striding along. The BohemtAD, with hi stable com panions New York and Dougahton, lins been Ireatf-d to good strong work over two miles, the latter assisting him home the last six furlong. It was thought that he would not visit. Sydney, but his trainer decided to go, so lie left on Mon day, taking the former and the steeple chaser, Goodwood. Ben Bolt, Chui-kster, and Western have been doing some long, serviceable work on the grass. On Saturday afternoon the former was treated to a round on the grass, Chucketer joining him seven fur longs from home, the litter having the son of Newbould in trouble at the finish. The gallop did not seem to pluase the toute. Bonnie DooD, who iooks rresn and well, has been allotted good, useful work over a mile. _ . , Eilvermine. who "m informed, has. tut ' iO a light dose of physic, has been an absentee for a few daye. Tlie brothers Little John end Jein Cain ere both looking and going well. The pair hare done some nseful work during the past week in company with Groeculns Esurius and King of tbe West. There ie nothing at present going so well as Kenneth, who moves like a tiger. The son of Maribyrnong is improving every day, and all going well, he will strip very fit on Caulfield Cup day. Grace Darling has been treated to long, steady exercise, winding up with a brush over fix or seven furlongs. Millstream and Hot Iron have been working in company. The pair, after putting in some slow pace exercise on the grass, wind op by ranning from tbe mile to the half mile. Clarendon aod St. Albert have been working over the Cnp distance, the farmer always having most to say at the finish. On Monday the latter, while working on the sand, overpowered his rider, and put in three or fonr rounds on hie own account. The Taemanians Highland Chief, Blondin, end the two-year-old Lord Allen are all treated to good work. The two-year-olds Carnival, Epicurean, Nectarine, and Julian Gray are moving along nicely. Mia Mia, who is a very slippery lady, baa been spurting from the four-furlong post, as also her stable companion Violet. Gadfly, The Crane, The Ghost, and Empress are doing good preparatory exercise. Tltn fnltowir.o itlrincrft Iiaya tiAPn Atno- useful work during the past week : — MesfrB. Connolly, King, Bence, Robert!., Collins, Davis, Moran, Kelly, Jones, Reld, and Fouisham's. R Baity, the well- known jockey, leaves on Thursday for Sydney. I believe he is engaged to ride Buzza. J. King slso leaves daring the week. Owners and trainers are gresllv pleased to hear that th« committee of the V. A.T.C. have decided to erect more ecraping eheds, as hitherto the shed accommodation was not nearly sufficient for tbe number of horses in work here. Tuesday Moming. Work commenced at the usual time, but before it was half got through a dense fog came on, which completely obscured the course. Tlie following Cup horses were working : — Clarendon went a couple of turns on the grass, the last at a good working pace. Highland Chief and Blondin were each treated, to a pipe-opener. Kenneth strode along for five or six furlongs. New York went long, healthy exerdae. Jem Cain performed a steady round on the tan at half pace. Little John, in compaqy.ith Ring m \ the West, put in good sirring ne:'u <;vo: i a mile. Gr i' - . ,cd f.T.n: the no ! mile p ni/ieie-i . ci: e t. the' grass, Mi'.if «.. V .s ; -lot K- thefirti u-rio of % . off, and -i, ' t , with last v « . . of The L ' -i .-not v.--' Ckackitir. Ben -no Wr-si.,:: . were allot'..' .ii'.-.g est.ri.-iu. cii lite; grass. Vaiious ruiri-ir- ..ro g ir t . «'». . , Silvermine, h r--,. . is expected - ,!r l,tr. cr„ Jost as X was leaving the course, Sink ing Fund, with King up, and Union Jack, with J. Bence, completed a good working gallop on the sand. Both are engaged at Randwick. 