TilJi NEW STAMP DDTIES ACT. The following is tbe scale of charges under tfes new Sump Duties Act which came into operation ou the 1st inst.:— B <1 Agreement not tinder sea! ... ... \--- 1 0 Bills of exchange or promissory notee. For every £25, and every fractional part thereof ... ... " 0 6 For every bill of lading or copy thereof... 0 6 For every conveyance or transfer on sale of any share or shares in the stock aud funds of auv corporation company or society in New Ninth Wales. For every £10 or fractional part thereof... 0 6 Conveyance or transf. r ou fttle of property, except such stock and funds as atore-aid. where the value does not exo ed £50 5 0 Over t'SOimil under £100 10 ( > For £100 MKI every fractional part over 10 0 that amount FT every draft payable on dumand ... 0 1 (A draft is interpreted as " any draft, cheque or order for money payable ou demaud not being a 1-til of exchange or otherwise Herein specified). For leases for any sum not exceeding -£50 per annum 2 6 For every £51 over that amount 2 6 For every policy of insurance of £100, ami for everj fractional part thereof, for anv term or period not exceeding six months 0 6 Under six months 0 3 Renewal of same 0 3 Policy for any voyage not exceeding £100 or any fractional part thereof... ... 0 3 Uenewal of same ... ••• •-- ••• 0 3 Policy not otherwise specified of £100 or iractional part ... 1 0 Ueceipt for any sum of money of £2 and upwards •• 0 2 ("ltecetp. " 1» interpreted as as " any stamp mirk, impression, indicition as well as any note, memorandum or wmini! whatsoever, whereby any money mnounlint: to £i or upward* slMll be lie posited for any Hx-d period orsliaii l<e ncknowledgeor i-xpre«s,"d to have b-*eti received or paid in stiisfac iou of any debt or whereby any debt or demand or any part of a debt or denund of tbe amount of £2 or upwards shall be acku.ivi l^.iiied to have tieeti »etiled. " satisfied or discharged or winch shall Hignify or import any such u' knowiedt-eineiiL and wiiulier the i*ame t-hail o' shall uoi ne signed wiih the name of any peis n ) KXKMI'IIONS. Any receipt uiv.n lor or upon payment of money to or tor H-r Majesty. Any ackoowieili-'t-iiu iu by any bai.Kcr on receipt of any bill of exci aiifje or promissory note for th purp.i-e of bi'ing presented for acceptance or pay ihent. Any ackuowlediguieut by any person on rec. ipl of money tor. purchase of slock snares in any banking or public company. Any acknowledgement or receipt given by any labourer, artificer or workman for or on account of wanes received by him. Any receipt written upon or given for a bill of exchange or promissory note duly stamped. Any receipt endorsed orotberwise written upon or coiitafned in any instrument liabls to stamp duty and duly staiupe-1 acknowledging the teceipt of the cous deration money therein expressed. Any receipt given by depositors on receiving de posits from any savings bank. Any acknowledgment given for money deposited in any bank to be accounted for. Provided Hist this exemption shall uot vxleud to acknowledgment^ for any sum carried to the credit, ot any depositor or sharehold, r in any bank ou any division of | r.fi t s made by ruch bank ; or for or in respect ot any dividend from any joint slock or oilier company on the same being deposited by any person to ihe credit of any oilier person in any bank ; or for or in respi-ct to any sum paid to tile credit ot any pe r sou in any bank for rent or interest by »ny ojlier person; or for or in lespect o(anv sum deposited which would be liable to duty if paid directly by any person to any other person. Any receipt given in anticipation of a bill of lading and not to be used in lieu thereof. PENALTIES. £ For not obliterating stamp 10 For removing stamp with intent to defraud or again using or setting 10 For presenting for payment any bill of exchange without the same bci n,j stamped... 20 For issuing, indorsing, transferring, using,... negotiating, presenting for payment or... paying any uust.imped cheque, promis-... sory note or order, &c; 20 (No holder can recover on these instruments without they are duiy stamped). For making false statement or assisting ... therein—imprisonment for throe years... aud to not not exceeding 100 For fraudulcnts acts ... seven years For not stamping transfer of shares 10 For making or executing a bill of lading... unstamped 50 For registering any unstamped instrument... 5 For giving unstamped receipt pr refusing... to give stamped receipt or separating... or dividing the amount to reduce it... below £2—not less than £2, nor ex-... ceediug ... ... ... ... 10 For not setting forth every fact and circum-... stance affccting the liability of any in-... strament chargeable with stamp duty... in any instrument liable to stamp duty... 50 For receiving any premium for insurance... aud not making out stamped policy or... for making out unstamped policy ... 20 For administering the estate of any de-... ceased person without taking probate... or administration of such estate 100 The fines in each cases arc the maximum for the offence and are affixed as " not exceeding." THE PATBIOTIC FIJND.—After satisfying all legitimate claims (says the S. M. Herald) the executive committee of the Patriotic Fund find themselves with a large balance in band, amounting to about £30,000. As this money cannot be expended for the purpose for which it was subscribed, tbe committee must return it to the contributors, unless they are instructed to deal differently with it. Some of the subscribers have determined to set apart their contributions for the purpose of building a Royal Naval Home, on land close to Dawes Point. The laud has been granted by the Government, by whom trustees have also been appointed, aud ai! that is now wanted for the establishment of the proposed Home is a sum of money sufficient to erect a suitable building. The subscribers to tbe Patriotic Fund could scarcely do better tbau follow the example which some of their number have set. The want of adequate accommodation for the men-o'-wars men who come into port has long been recognised, and has been taken notice of on many public occasions. How urgent tbe necessity is was made apparent in the report we recently published regarding the Home in Prince-street. This institution is quite unequal to the demands made upon it, and the building, besides, is not what could be wished, the ventilation, amongst other tbiugs being defective. Te provide proper quarters for tbe bluejackets, a spacious huilding, with refreshment rooms, reading rooms, and so forth is required, and the erection of such a building would absorb a considerable sum. But the ihoney tor the purpose i& ready to hand if the subscribers to the Patriotic Fund should see their way to act together. They might do so with very great propriety. for the money that was subscribed for the Soudan soldiers will not be misspent if it is laid out for the benefit of the Queen's sailors. A MAN REPORTED MISSING is worse than dead to bis frieuds and relatives, but if a man keeps well by using Dr. Bell's (Kidney and. Liver) Bitters he will always be his own mas'.er and never be missing, a missing man nine times out of ten wanders away when out of his mind, and nothing effects the brain more quickly- than kidney, liver and urinary troubles. A LOSELT DEATH.—A gentleman who returned to Sydney this week from Western Australia (says the Herald) gives us some particulars in connection with tbe leccnt discovery of a dead body on the track to the Kimberley goldfield. It appears that on July 10 two diggers, named Alfred Betts and Henry Morton, while en route to tbe front from Wyndhain. came across the body of a man, which was lying, in a state of partial decomposition, on *he track, about sitxty miles from Wyndham and eight from the Denham River. The deceased was an elderly man, and, strange to say, wore a long swallow-tailed coat.- From papers found in his pockets it appeared that bis name was Graham, and that he had been tbe proprietor of tbe Golden Age Hotel. Sandhurst. No horse or saddle was visible, but by the side of the body was a swag. This, together with his papers, aud a sum of money which was found on him. was buried with tbe corpse in a grave which Betts and Morton dug near at hand. A mark was set up indicating who the deceased was, and it seemed to be evident that he had juccum ed to exhaustion. It is understood tl.at he left a daughter residing in Sydney, but her residence cannot be found. THE Coney Island (U.S ) Jockey Club Futurity Stakes has received an entry of 449 foals nut of the 752 mares originally entered. The race is to be tun in 1£88. and it is calculated that tbe stakes will be worth close upon 30,000 dol. to the winner. AN AUTOCRATIC PHINTKB.—Those who believe, aud perhaps very properly so. in the value of the newr-paper as a popular educator (says the Evening News) will regret to learn that a most valuable auxiliary in this distinction has met with a premature end. The Norfolk Island Pioneer has given up the ghost. And the odd pnrt cf the business, and perhaps the saddest, is that it did not succumb from lack of suppoit from the inhabitants, but from a cause never before heard of in the obituary notice of public journals. A short memo, from the Norfolk Island correspondent of the Brisbane Courier thus details the melancholy news:—Our little paper went dead a femonths ago. We had only one compo. From no fault of ours he refused to print it ; consequently, we were up a tree, and could not even publish our obituary notice. Otherwise the little rag was pa. init.: Two meetings were held last week to treat with the printer, onJ there are hopes thit the Pioneer will next month be resuscitated." The presiding genius of the "chapel" of this newspaper had an autocratic position, and one perhaps never held by any one before. The position assigned to one man, snd he a printer, of all other occupations in the world, that he should be waited upon by the population of a whole country, im^lnirng him to assist the progress of artj science, and civilisation, is one so un : que that it is worthy of special notice. When this inanj passes away, he will leave behind him a story without a parallel. A newspaper with a staff] of one printer is a curiosity, bu: when that printer is the subject of a national deputation it isjmore curious still. The crisis is significant, and should be borne in mind by tbe inhabitants of Lord Howe Island and the Solitaries when they embark in journalism. WHO WB ISTHE PRINCBS 1 BOOK OF TRAVELS.— Two or three seasons ago (says "The Daughter .of a Duke " in the Evening News) " Who wrote Lady Brassey's hook ? " was a familiar question in London drawing-rooms, and it must be owned that there is a certain disposition at the present moment to ask a similar question in regard to the authorship of the two portly volumes bearing the names on their title pages of Prince Albert Victor and Prince Ge'fJrge of Wales. But, afler all, there is very little reason for the sinister suspicion which the question implies. At first sight, tin doubt, it seems a portentous and even unnatural thing that two lads should produce a thousand pages of dry facts and figures, all in the most grammatical English, unless they v re anxious to pose as the most priggish of prigs,- But the facts about tbe compilation of the volumes are very simple. The hoys were still in the hands of their tutor, the ltev. Mr Dalton ; aud the years they spent ou board the Bacchante represented a time which in the lives ot other boys would have been spent in a university. In the same way these records of travel are the counterpart of ordinary college exercises after they have passed under the supervision and correction o( the. tutor. When the young princes quote Matthew Arnold and Tennyson at exactly the right place, the inspiration may be fairly assigned to Air Dalton rather (ban to them. But the amount of honest woik in their volumes, which is the result of their own observation and training, is really very remarkable indeed; and nobody who reads the volumes will doubt the wisdom of the Prince of Wales in choosins this particular mode of developing the minds of the two boys who are destined to play so important a part in the future of the Empire. Mr Dalton tells the public that the solicitous parent of the Princes haJ in view their moral as well as their me..tal training when he separated them from the associations of ordinary college and young men's society in the heart of an old civilisation. THB TBAVBLLING STOCK NUISANCE.—The Victorian Miuister of Lands will shortly introduce a bill to amend the Impounding Act, dealing with the trespassing of sheep and travelling stock. The bill Will, in the case of sheep trespassing upon selectors' holdings, increase the fine to one penny per bead, and will abolish the required forty eight hours' notice. After stating what constitutes a first offence, the bill will define what is a road or track by preferring the word surveyed. Tue Minister has written to the Minister of Customs asking if there is any serious objections to the abolishing of tbe regulations and thus preventing tbe importation of sheep under bond, as it is believed these regulations create the travelling stock nuisance so much complained of. RKMINI-CENCKS or OLD DAYS.—The following lecills the days of odd nuggets, but it is quite certain that farming is not such a treacherous operation as is made to appear here. A ma i may be a successful miner, but not a successful farmer. Desoux would appear to be going back to bis legitimate occupation. Mr C. W. Langtree, secretary for Miues, in his report for the quarter ended June, just issued refers to an incident which places mining industry in a favourable light as compared with farming. 'As is well.known the celebrated ' Welcome' nugget —the largsst ever foand in Victoria—was discovered by two miners named Richard Oats and John Desoux at Bakery Hill, Ballarat, on the 11th June, 1853. It weighed 2195 oz, and was sold for £^0,500. Desoux inves ed his share of the proceeds in farming, at which he lost even thing he possessed ; and be is now engaged in constructing a puddling machine at Moliagul with a view of once more encaging in mining pursuits. " That he iwill unearth another Welcome' nugget is," s-ays Mr Langtree, " scarcely to he expected, hut a hope may he expressed that Dame Fortune who smiled ou him as a miner, will withdraw her recent frown", now that he is abjut to resume his former occupation." CABBIES PIGEONS.—A curious discovery (says the Paris correspondent of the Herald) which was made the other day is said to have produced an uneasy feeling in Government circles. A gentleman at Nevers,' seeing a pigeon flying overhead, fired a gun at it and brought it down. Upon examining the bird iie found to his great astonishment that tbe arms uf Germany had been stamped upon the feathers of one wing, and that a quill was attached containing a cypher message. Tbe wing and the paper were despatched to the Ministry of War, and the Soir declaies that the military authorities have come to the conclusion that the Germans have established carrier-pigeon stations on French territory, and that communications are constantly kept un between them aud the Staff Office in Berlin. Supposing the Germans to have adopted this system of espionage, it is almost incredible that they should have used pigeons for the purpose on which tbe Imperial arms had been stamped, for accidents are alwuy's likely to occur to the most highly educated birds in France, where nearly every man in the rural districts keeps a gun. A MEETING of the committee of the New South Wales Patriotic Fund was held in the Sydney Town Hall last week, at which a resolution was passed empowering the executive .committee to arrange a plan of distribution for the return forthwith to subscribers of the net balance of the fund, after providing for all claims thereon. It was stated that it was believed that a simple deduction of 10 per cent, from all the subscriptions would, after tbe interest on the money at fixed deposit had been received, be sufficient to provide for all the claims received. 