General News. The Treasurer laid his revised ways and means before the House of Assembly on Thurs day afternoon. It will be remembered that the wavs and means submitted in August last provided for an expenditure of £2,214,503. in- j eluding £1,487,108, according to the Esti- I mates. The revenue was estimated at J £2,218,124. The debit balance brought for- j ward on June 30,1886, was £813,492, and j the Treasurer estimated that the year 18S6-7 I would end with a debit balance of £809,931. J This statement was prepared before the Sup- j plementary and Northern Territory Estimates j were brought down, before the Stamps Bill had been passed, and before Parliament had agreed to the appropriation of the real pro perty assurance fund to revenue. The revised ways and means now broa^ht down show the following results : — Estimated revenue, 42,243,563 ; debit balance on June 30, 1886, £813,492. Expenditure under special Acts, £727,495 ; as shown by Estimates, £1,506,061. Total expenditure. £2,233,556 ; estimated debit balance on June 30, 1887, £883.485. On the revenue ad'e of die account the Trea surer has reduced his estimates of receipts from Customs from £560,000 to £510,000. There isan entirely new item, stamps duties, £21,000. The pievious estimate of £28,700 from educa tion has been increased to £29,^00. The cal culated revenue from railways has been reduced from £676,000 to £650,000. Fines, fees, arid forfeitures are increased from £50.495 to £50,654, aa(i the interest and exchange from £45,000 -to £48,000. Sales of Government property are expected to yield £1.347, instead of £1,327, as previously estimated. The estimate of miscellaneous receipts is increased from £7,074 to £7,5$f Toe real property assurance fund is taken into the year's revenue, and forms an entirely new item, amounting to £75,000. The Treasurer stiil expects to get £195,000 from land sales, but for rents, licenses, &c;, Crown lands, the estimate of re ceipts is increased from £151,170 to £152,420. ThVacxt increase in the estimates of revenue in those previously 'submitted amounts to £25,439. The expenditure according to estimates, is £18.953 more than that shown in the ways and means originally submitted, which took no' account of Supplementary and Northern Territory Estimates. About five years ago a leading draper in. Rundle-street met me one Saturday afternoon1 near his shop. I said — ' I see you have been going in for a big advertisement.' ' Yes, he replied, ' that ad. in the Evening Journal and a similar one last year in the Express cost me £70 for to-day's issue alone.' ' Does it pay?' 'Look at my shop.' I looked the place was crammed — thronged— stuffed with people, arid streams of incomers were rushing into the place through some doors, and rivulets were flowing out through others, just as they are this afternoon at Martin's and at Marshall's for the same reason. ' Sir,' said the excited proprietor to me, and he grew quite dramatic, stamping his foot upon the pavement — ^c Sir, pay ; it does pay, I tell you. The last time I had a sale like this I paid £70, as I tell you, for one day's advertisement, besides a good deal for handbills distrubted broadcast before, and on the one day alone (a Saturday) I_ took timlve hundred founds in cash — yes, sir, in one day alone, and other amounts to match during the ordinary days of the week.' I had a. similar testimony from another trader of about equal importance ; and within the last fortnight a smaller place advertised a sale, and its takings are said 00 good authority to have been £600 in one day — in these frightfully bad times, too '—Pencil in the Kabunda Herald. An- Interesting Discovery. — Major Powell, Chief of she United States Geological Survey, has discovered in New Mexico, near California Mountain, what he pronounce to oe the oldest human habitation upon the American Continent. 'The mountain in this vicinity,' says a Santa Fe paper, 'are covered with large beds of lava, in which the prehistoric man and his comrades have exca vated square rooms, which were lined ' with a species of plaster made from the lava, and in these rooms were found various evidences of an advanced civilization, amongst them being a species of cloth made of woven hair, and a large number of pieces of pottery. In tbe sides of the rooms cupboards and shelves were excavated. In a little concealed niche there was discovered a small figure, resembling a man, done up in a closely woven fabric, which, with a touch of the hand, turned to dust. It was blackened and crisp like the mummy cloths of Egypt. In all, some sixty groups of - these lava villages were found, there being about twenty houses in each group. The evidences of civilization were similar to, but removed by thiir condity and want of skill a considerable distance from, the articles found in the cliff houses, which have been fully described in the reports of the Geological Survey.' We take the following paragraph from the I Broad Arrow : — We lately remarked in an article on Russia that neither the princes nor peoples of the Bilkan Peninsula were anxious to become Russian feudatories or Russian sub jects, and that neither Germany nor Austria I would ever consent to give Russia a free band I to deal with the Bilkan States as she pleased. I Since then very momentous events have j occurred, and the action of Germany and I Austria in lha matter is incomprehensible. J On the one hand, we have an all absorbing 1 pnwrer like Russia, pursuing a coarse of action which would simpiy ciose me uaimuc un Austria, and convert the Black Sea into_ a Russian lake, with a vast fortress astride of its lock gates. On the other hand, we see two kindred nations like Germany and Austria, whose interests would seem to be identical, consenting to a policy which must injure them selves. What is the key to the enigma? It is said that the explanation of it all is the dread of Prince Bismarck of a Franco-Russian alliance, and having to fight France in front and Russia in rear. If E igian-1 were a reliable ally, the real league of peace for Europe would be Germany, Austria, and England. Their interests do 'not clash, and they are connected by race and affinity- Around such a league of peace the smaller States, who tremblingly await absorption, might ally themselves. But even without England, Austria and Germany raicrht stand back to back aeaiasi Russia and France with a fair chance o! success. But Austria is an unfortunate nation. It has ever been her fate gallantly to fight, and unfor tunately to fail. Nations, like individuals, cannot afford to risk partnership with the un lucky one. Anyhow, the air is full of explo sive gas, which a spark tniy ignite at any moment. Meanwhile, how is it with the British army ! Where is the first army corps ? Where are its generals, and who compose its staff ? A member of the House of Commons may well ask where it is. Eighteen millions stg. spent annually on our srmy, and the ghost of an armv corps to show for it. Every nation in Europe is ready to Hy at its neignuour s mroai, either to rob her or to preserve wh?t she her self has stolen. 'Meanrahile we go on experi menting as quietly as the philosophers at La puta. Experimental rifles — experimental drill experimental cannon. With the greatestcom mand of money and mechanical science in the world, we are the last nation in Europe to invent or adopt any military improvement. No nation in Europe has our constant ex perience of warfare— for we are always at war ? and there is no nation in Europe knows less about it. ^^^^^^^^ 