GENERAL NEWS. Chbist Church, Mount Barker.—Oa Friday. evening, April Tfi, the Bishop of the Diocese, ' attended by the Bevd. W. J. Bussell, who acted j 'as Chaplain, -administered the Bite of Confirma tion to eleven -candidates. The service, which •was well attended, began by the recitation of the litany, after which the hymn, 0 Jesus, I have I promised" was sung. The candidates were then presented to the Bishop by the Incumbent, and the Chaplain read the Confirmation prcfooo, after I which -the Bishop delivered an earnest address to the candidates, pointing out to them the solemn nature of the act in which they were engaging, i After a pause for the prayers of those assembled on behalf of the candidates, the hymn, " Come, j Holy Ghost, Creator Blest," which invoked the gifts of 'the Spirit for those offering themselves to :God was sung, and the laying .on of hands took place, after which the Confirmation Cffice was finished by the Bishop. At the close of this ser vice another address was delivered by the Bishop from the words, " Looking unto Jesus;" dealing with the various means of grace which enable Christians to fulfil their obligations. As an offer tory hymn, "Thine For Ever" was then sung, after which the Bishop pronounced the Benedic tion. * The hymn, " The Churches One Founda tion" concluded a very impressive and hearty service. The collection, which was devoted to the choir fund, amounted to £2 2s. Concert.—On Friday evening last an excel lent concert was given in the Mount Barker Institute by-the inmates of the Adelaide Indus trial school for the Blind. There was a very large and appreciative audience. The chair was occupied by the Hon J. G. Bamsay, who, in his opening address, referred to the great usefulness of the institution in whose interests the concert was held, and eulogised the 'blind for the efforts i they were making to earn sustenance for them I selves rather than become a burden on the com munity at large. The opening number on the programme was a Sonata from Beethoven, which was exquisitely rendered by Herr Hans Bertram. Although somewhat long, the intrinsic merit of the performance prevented the approach of weari ness, and the pianist was heartily applauded on its conclusion. Similar praise may fairly be given ; to the other three instrumental selections ren dered by Herr Bertram, who, despite his lack of eyesight, has arrived at wonderful proficiency in the musical art. He played the accompaniments for every song and chorus in Buch a manner as to make them a decided aid to the effect, while, at the same time, they were not given ouerdue prominence. The successful memorising of all the different airs was in itself a praiseful perform ance. The choruses rendered by the company were all of a taking character, and were given with great accuracy as to time and commendable distinctness in respect to the words. Mr. B. Bland sang two songs in good style, and MisB Craske was thor oughly at home in the two numbers contributed by her. Miss Brooks received a recall for her j pathetic rendering of " Little Nell," and MiBs' Black greatly pleased the company by her solo, and by the manner in which she supported Miss Craske in the well-kuown duet "What are the Wild Waves Saying." Recitations were given by Messrs. Williams, Haggerty and Sterne. The words were distinctly enunciated, and were accompanied by appropriate dramatic action. Mr. Haggerty unfortunately was not perfect in the text of his story of the " Drawbridge Keeper," but Mr. Sterne was wonderfully success ful in his humorous description of a bashful lover. The result of the concert (£14) was a substantial gain to the finances of the institution. The perform ers were all provided for by friends in the tGwn, and thus hotel expenses were saved. At the con clusion of the concert, a vote of thanks-—pro posed by Mr. Hendry, and seconded by Mr. ; Sterne—was tendered to those who had assisted, j in this and other ways, towards making the out ing so pleasant and so successful. i Woodside News.—Our local correspondent on April 20, writes :—Everybody appears to be anx iously looking for the return of Spring. Most of the tanks and wells in and around the village , have been drained to the bottom. The tanks are still dry, but as evaporation is not so great as it has bees the shallower springs are beginning to rise. Heavy clouds are hanging about to-day but promises of rain have so often disappointed during the season that it is risky even to expect. Further than delaying the starting of the earlier grasses and green fodder, no serious harm has resulted so far even to agriculturists. On Sunday last, anniversary sermons in connec tion with the Woodside Sunday School were preached by the Bev. Mr- Nicholls, to fair con gregations. The children under the care of Mr. D. Smith sang some appropriate hymns. A pic nic and tea meeting are expected to follow on Good Friday. The anniversary of the Prim itive Methodist S. S. at Murdoch's Hill came off last Sunday and Monday ; the Bev. Mr. Diment preached and took part at the public meeting. Attempts are being made to have a new school erected in this locality, and at Reefton also an attempt is being made in the same direction. Fair returns are still being obtained from some of the mines. The Eureka cleaning gave 316 ozs. ot smelted gold, and 14f ozs. were obtained from nearly 50 tons of stone taken out of the Ridge ground. Another lot will he finished off to-day and this is also expected to yield well. Another Eisie Match.—On Saturday next (to-morrow) a rifle match will be fired on the Mount Barker ranges between a team represent ing the Adelaide Cavalry and the members of the local company. The conditions are—Fifteen men aside, seven shots each at 200, 400, and 600 yds., any military position. The opposing teem con tains several excellent marksmen, and they may be depended upon to build up a good aggregate score, It is not considered likely that the Mount Barker men will come off -victorious on this occa sion, but at least they will do their best to make a respectable total. As all places of business will be closed to-day and on Monday, several members of the Company will experience difficulty in get- | ting away on the third day, and it is more than probable that all of the emergency men will be 1 pressed into the service. Tlie match is timed to begin at 11 o'clock, and punctuality must be ob served if the firing is to be concluded in a good j light. The following riflemen have been chosen to represent Mount Barker;—Captain Paltridge, Lieut. Pasco, Sergeants Curtis and Cameron, Cor poral Slee, Privates Wilson, Paech, Hender, Fred ! Paltridge, Gibbs, Arthur Cook, von Doussa, Dumas, Chapman, Hudson, Wicks, with Privates Jones, Turner, Wilton, Dutch, and Patterson as emergencies. The Captain requests that all mem bers of the Company who visit the ranges during the day shall appear in uniform. The muster will be at the Institute at 10 o'clock sharp, forage caps and side-arms to be worn. Returned Letters.—Letters addressed to the undermentioned persons are lying at the Adelaide General Post Office :—Erick Andersson, Murray Bridge; Win. H. Broadstock, Murray Bridge; Fred Crosley, Crafers ; George Griffiths, Mount Barker; Thomas Hickey, Murray Bridge; Elias Hillyard, TJraidla; Miss L. Mansfield, cJo Mr. Ritson, Mount Barker; George Miller, Blum berg ; Rudolph Oslum, Woodside 5 W. Paterson, Grunthal; P. Petersson, Macclesfield; P. B. Purcell, Spring Farm, Woodchester; Michael j Spargo, Mount Barker; Dr. Young, Yankalilla. An Injustice.—Our Wellington correspond ent writes :—"From reports that have leached here the embanking of the river at Mannum and the Murray Bridge is going on all aight; but I local men have, X am ;sorry to hear, been refused piece work, although -much in need of employ ment. Perhaps the reason is that country work ing men do not understand the science of politi cal agitation, and have not a leader like Mr. Clements to marshal them up, and lead them straight into the Commissioner of Public Works' office. May be even if theyhad, theywould either be offered a Stone or givenWork at Beetaloo, and told that they would have to take up tbeir quarters in the fever-stricken camp at that place." 