The Weird Bird of tlie Soutli Atlantic. Ah the craft bowls along in the South Atlantic a new world seems to open on the voyager. The constellation of the Southern Cross has scarcely become familiar to him before he begins to see animal, or rather bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this kind that can ever impress itself on the mind of man is the albatroBS. Some morning the lonnger will reach the deck and, casting his eye in the wake of the ship to judge her speed, will see a speck jost above the horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantic bird, and the old sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest the faot that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, as well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain such as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, the bird will, by long, easy-going tacks, swoop up from astern until it gets within easy watching distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then " lay to" at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough stock of the stranger that has in vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past the Bhip to port or star board, as the case may be, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then once more take up its post as rear guard to the procession. Nothing can be more ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thus passing or being passed. No stroke of the wiiig occurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of the almost aninteligible cleaving of the air, is the half turn of the bird's head toward the ship, made as if to see what manner of beast this was that had come to bother it. Though sailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the sacredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the curse Cole* ridge associates with its killing. The lords and ladies of the Kin g of Dahomey's court don't wear stockings; therefore it would be useless for Queen Victoria to confer the carter unon any of them. They would be an to nee it for a dog collar if she did. —Norr. Herald. Stately old dame (housekeeper), daring ab sence of the family, showing the bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. Visisob : Is it bona fide t Dame (bridling): No, Bir; Hingliah hoafe, Shakespeare remarks that" the good men do is oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rale in Shakespeare's time, bat the tale nowadays is to print it in the sews* papers and carve it in big letters on the crave stone. —Puck. Mistress (to applicant)—Yes, I want a nics French maid. The last one I bad I only kept a short time, because ehe couldn't understand English. French Maid—Ye'll have no thr ubble of that kind wid me, mam. Oi not only under ethand English, but I spake it, too. —New York Sun. Most women value a clear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to hare bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the parity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witching Catherine of Russia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim, tales are told about the preparation of the' mysterious baths Ninon L'Enclos is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies -who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply the end of a raw potato to the face and neck by gentle rubbing. After rebbing, the face and neck should be washed, and gentle friction is to follow. Ladies are strongly nrged to always keep a raw potato on the waahstand. One great advantage the potato seems to possess over many other Bkin beautifiers seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and over again, since it is only necessary to remove a little of the outer Burface and to pare off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A good story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit of tying a knot in her pocket handkerchief when she wisheB to fix anything in her mind which mast be at tended to. She was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her abstraction dropped her handkerchief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of the house As the latter rose from her chair she stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in one corner. " What have I forgotten to-day ? " she asked audibly.. " That you have a hus band," replied the hostess. The story was repeated, and the lady, who_ is a well-known member of the diplomatic circle, always keeps hfer handkerchief free from knots nowO 1 n 