Reply ;by the Rev. George Hay To .Cardinal Moban's Address on the Virgin. Mary.' In the Presbyterian Church, Cooma, on -Sundaj' last the Rev. George Hay delivered a reply to the address of Cardinal Moron on the Virgin Mary, as published in our columns on the 22nd ultimo. He chose as his text Luke 1st chapter, 40-47 v. There was a large attendance, several 'of those whom we observed at the OardinaJ's meeting being present. In the interest of fair play to our readers we give the reply as delivered. The rev. gentleman said : — I think the Editor of the Manaro Mercury has done well in publishing the address of Cardinal Moran on the Virgin Mary, as he has thereby given the public to know what are tbe real sentiments of the church he repre sents on a vital queation of faith and morals ; and I feel sure he will also publish what we have to say on the other side of the question, and thus set before the public a fair issue. I have chosen the words of Mary as ny te.xt this evening because they stand in vivid protest against the use made of them recently in our midst by a chief dignitary of the .Romish church. As given by Car dinal Moran they are in opposition as recorded in the Bible of his own church. In that Bible they read as I have read them to you this even ing — ' My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.' Cardinal Moran gives her the lie direct, and makes her say — 'My soul doth magnify the Lord, for He hath done great things for me.' He will not have her call God her saviour, for that would be in condemnation of his church, which hath declared that she was born without sin, and teaches that, instead of herself needing a saviour, she has become the saviour of the world, the spouse ot the Eternal Father, whom all on earth and all in heaven doth worship. Before entering more fully on tee auDject, let me point out, a few of the mistakes he makes in the use of Scripture. The Cardinal tells us that ' at the mere whisper of the chosen mother he performed the stu pendous miracle of changing the water into wine.' The Bible account is very different, which is as follows — ' And when the wino failed the mother of Jesas (not mother of God) saith unto him ' they have no wine.' And Jesus saith unto her, ' woman, what have I to do with thee, mine hour is not yet come.' ' (John 2, 4.) Does not the greatest novice in Scripture knowledge see that Christ here administered a sharp rebuke to his mother for presuming to interfere in a work in which she had and could have no part. He does not say ' Mary,' nor ' Mother,' nor ' Queen,' but ' Woman,' a term holding a middle place. Not even did he know his mother according to the flesh. Not once does lie ap pear to have recognised his mother after' his resurrection from the dead. He drops the earthly relationship as one unfit to be recognised in his spiritual kingdom. Next, the Car dinal makes an assertion which, for the credit of his own knowledge of Scripture, we hope he will at once correct. He says — ' Christ tells us the Virgin Mary shall be a mother CO us, itU pray iur ud, uuu tu uuluiu for us all the gifts needed by her children.' Now I challenge Cardinal Moran, or any priest of Rome, or any man living, to point out any such statement from the New Testament. The statement is an interpolation of the Cardinal's own, and a direct falsehood. There is not the slightest evidence that Christ ever used the words attributed, to him by Cardinal Moran. No statement of Christ's ever for a moment justifies the as sumption that his mother ever had anything at all to do with the salva tion of man, or that she was to ob tain gifts for man. The solemn de claration of Scripture is thus re corded — ' Neither is there salvation in any other, for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved.' (Acts, 4, 12.) I come now to deal with two main assumptions, which seem to me to be deducible from Car dinal Moran's remarks as published in the Press of Ccoina with his ap proval. These are:— First: That the Virgin Mary was born without sin, «nd that this was tbe belief of all Ghristians until 300 years ago, when some refused. Secondly : That ^Christians arc commanded to render the Virgin Mary religious .^worship, and that such worship was always the practice of the Christian church. The' first assumption of the Cardinal is in entire opposition to Scripture, and to the express statement of Mary herself. The mother of Jesus admits her own sintulness, and attributes her own salvation to God. 'My .spirit hath rejoiced in God my Sa viour.' 'She calls God hereaviour; how could she do this, if she had never sinned? Could she need a saviour if she were not a sinner? The statements of Scripture that all mankind are sinners are explicit. ' There is none righteous, no, nob one,' 'For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.' (Rom. 3, 10, 23.) The only one ex ception tosinfulness was Jesus Chrict —'Who was holy, harmless, unde fileij, and separate from sihriers.' (fieb. 7, 2C.) The Cardinal's know ledge of hwtor^ mast W^ery de fective when# lie asserts that the church always believed in the imma culate conception of the Virgin Mary, for. it is a well-known fact to all pos sessed ot but a meagre knowledge of church history that a long and bitter controversy on this very subject ex isted in the church of Rome. Those who held the notion that the Virgin was born without sin and those who opposed it denounced each other as heretics. The Franciscans embraced while the Dominicans opposed it, and these two orders waged a perpetual war on the subject. The extent to which the bitterness of spirit was car ried was sucli U at Pope Sixlus V. in terposed and forbade that either party should denounce theother as heretical. In fact, so wide was the gulf between both parties that there were certain religious services in the church of Rome in which tbe two parties could not unite. In the Carmelite confra ternities, offices of the immaculate conception were used in which there was constant mention of the sinless conception of Mary. Those who dis sented from that notion could not join with Carmelites in offering up such prayers, and those Roman Cath olics were so divided on the subject that they could not unite in prayer. The idea of the exemption of the Virgin Mary from original sin wasfirst broached in the Koran ot Mahommed. Gibbon siys. 'The Latin church has not disdained to borrow the immacu late conception from the Koran.' The opinion was first introduced in the Canons of Lyons (1140 A.p), nnd strongly opposed by St. Bernard and by Thomas Aquinas. Bandellus, General of the Order of Dominicans, quotes the written testimony of 260 famous docters against it. An appeal was made for a decision to Sixtus IV. (1483 A.D.). which he re fused on the ground that it had not been decided by tbe Roman Church and the Apostolic See. The Synod of Basil (1439 A.D.) attempted a de cision, but Pope Eugenius 1 V, refused to ratify it. No council of the (Jhurch ot Kome ever decided the question or proclaimed tbe Virgin Mary immaculate. The late Pope Pius IX. on the Sth December, 1854, was the first Pope to declare that the Virgin Mary was born without sin, and his decision excited great com motion in the Church of Rome at the time. For he added a new ar ticle to the creed never received us such until 1S00 years after Christ. In doing so the old man contradicted the fathers of the primitive church, and many of the most eminent saints and doctors of the Church of Rome. Canus, Bishop of the Canary Isles, says: 'All the Holy Fathers with one consent affirm the Blessed Virgin to have been conceived in original sin.' Cardinal Moran says : ' She was born immaculate, did not cciue into the world stained with hin.' In this case, what is the poor Romanist to believe, seeing that he has pledged h'tiiself not to believe anything contrarv to the unanimous j consent of the Fathers? Will the Cardinal now believe that the im maculate conception of the Virgin Mary was always believed in till 300 years ago, when some refused ? Is it not rather the case that this church until 32 years ago refused, before which some believed ? Secondly, I come next to deal with the assump tion that it is lawful to render wor ship to the Virgin Mary. On this to be guarded in his use of terms. Instead of following in the wake of St. Liguori and St. Bonaventure, he is guarded and careful. He evi dently fear's the force of criticism, and therefore uses such terms as these in describing the worship Roman Catholics give to tbe Virgin Mary : — ' Tribute of piety ;' ' We pay to her our fealty ;' 'We 'salute' her;' ' We ' honor ' her.' He, in speaking to a mixed audience, does not use tbe more plain language of the ' glories of Mary,' and the Psalter of St. Bon aventure. But his statements as a whole leaves us in no doubt that he regards it as the duty of Christians to render religious worship, in the highest sense, to the Virgin, Else' what is the meaning of these expres sions he gave utterance to, and which he has allowed to go forth to the world uncontradicted : — ' In the Litany we salute her as the Com forter ;' ' She is the refuge of sin ners ;' ' The gate of Heaven ;' ' The true help of Christians ;' ' The strengthener of our weakness.' Nor does he merely teach that his Sock are to give her religious worship ; he endows her with the attributes of Deity — omniscience and omnipre sence. 'If,' says the Cardinal, ' she sees tbe fire of charity growing cold in our natures, she will whisper to her Son to grant them the bless ing which they stand in need of.' How can Mary see the 'fire of charity ' growing low in His people it she is not an omniscient and omnipresent being. Here the Car dinal teaches that the Virgin is more watchful and mindful of the wants of sinners than the adorable Son who laid down His life for them in their rebellion and sin. The foundation . on which the Cardinal seems to rear, this blasphemous clnim for a created and finite being, sinful as all man kind are, i? iV- unscriptural one of .supposing * i; .i, as the Virgin Mary was chosei- j be the mother of the human body of Jesus, she is also the mother of the Deity: that as the Son was, like every other good child, subject to His parents, we ought to worship His mother. ' Fur (the reason he assigns) if the Blessed Virgin is His true tnotiui-, we (un cording to the Cardinal) an; by adoption the true children of Mary.' Here the Cardinal jumbles things together which do not agree. We all admit that the children of faith are by adoption the children of God, and in consequence can and do say. ' Aba Father,' but that Hoes not make us the- children of Mary, else those who lived before Mary could not be the children of God. Abra ham was a child of God 3000 years before Mary was born. Before the Cardinal's assumption that by adop tion to Christ we become the chil dren of Mary he must show that the salvation of the Virgin Mary is not also due to Christ ; that she, as well as He, procured our salvation. If the Cardinal means that the rela tionship between the adopted child ren of Christ and the Virgin Mary is a fleshly relationship other than that which subsists between all the sons anddaughters of Adam, thenone verse from the Scripture settles the ques tion against him — ' Wherefore hence forth know we no man after the flesh, yea though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet from henceforth know we him no more.' (2 Cor. C— 1C.) This, in harmony with all that we know of the spiritual world, settles the ques tion that the fleshly relationship is not one that can be admitted into Christ's spiritual kingdon, and the advocates of such a union must show that the Virgin Mary was an excep tion. ' Woman, what have I to do with thee ?' forbids such an assump tion. With the saying on the cross, ' W-oman, behold thy sen,' 'John ?'.behold thy mother,' Christ dropped the uarthly relationship entirely be tween himself and his mother. Thus the claim for worship of the Virgin on relationship is easily disposed of. I now ask you to consider the un scriptural name he applies to the Virgin in calling her 'The Mother of uou. in tne uooks ot devotion used by Roman Catholiss we find such names as these applied to her — ' The Spouse of the Eternal Father,' ' Mother of the Creator,' 'The temple of the Trinity,' ' Mother of the divine Majesty,' ' true Mother of the King | of Heaven,' 'The Spouse and Mother of the Eternal King,' ' The Mother of ill the sect.' All these are un Sciiptural and blasphemous titles. The Virgin Mar3' is terrred by the Holy Ghost in tbe Scriptures 'The Mother of Jesus.' (Acts, 1, 14.) But never the mother of God. No such title as Mother of God was ever ap plied to the Virgin Mary for the first 400 years after Christ. It is not found iu the three ancient creeds of the clnuch. The Council of Ephesus, A.D. 481, in its zeal against the Nes toiian heritics called the Virgin by a new title, ' Tlieotokos,' the mother of him who «-as God ; but they did noL call thcViigin 'Meter Theou' — mother of God. They coined a word to express tbe divinity of Christ rather than the dignity of the Virgin in opposition to Nestorious, who was willing to call her Christotokos, the mother of Christ. The state ments of the Athnasian creed known to the Council ot Ephesus A.D. 44o, are fatal to the title ' Mother of God ' in the sense received in the Romish church — ' God of the substance of the Father, begotten before tbe world, and man or tne suostancc ol his mother, born in the world.' The Cardinal, therefore, in terming the Virgin the ' Mother ' of God, and in urging her divine worship, has de parted from the ancient faith of the church, which regarded her as the mother ot his human nature only. It is true all the same that the title given her at the Council of Ephesus rapidly led the Ephesians to the worship of tho Virgin. At Ephesus stood the great temple of Diana, the virgin goddess of paganism, before whom all Asia and the whole world worshipped. The Ephesians had a predisposition to woman worship, and they substituted a Christian for a pagan goddess, with very little difference in the I'orm of their adora tion. Thus was introduced Mary worship into the church, and it lias reached its climax in the church of Rome, where it still lingers in dis honour of the true worship of God, and from day to day finds expression and approval in such services and speeches asthatof the Romish church and Cardinal in Cooma a fortnight ago. The Cardinal says — ' If she sees the fire of charity growing cold in our natures, she will whisper to her son to grant them the blessings they stand in need of.' Well, what think you does this signify ? Take one aspect of this claim. The num ber of Roman Catholics is about one hundred and fifty millions. Suppose one-tenth good Catholics, who spend ten minutes a day in praying to her. Then Mary must be listening day and night to twenty thousand at a time. To each she must be attend ing at the same time. And these 20,000 are ^scattered all over the world, and praying to her on a vari ety of subjects. Out of fifteen mil lions 500 die daily. Hence Mary must visit five hundred death beds every twenty-four hours, and in doing so she must be flying hither and thither all over the world at lightning speed, and at the same time going down, or up to purgatory to wherever that place is, to deliver the children of ' the Scapular' who, as we are informed, go there in great numbers. Is then the Virgin Mary lots than a goddess in the church of Rome? If the Virgin isnotagoildess, then slic cannot see the wanl.s, or hear (he prater.', of those who call upon her. Cardinal Moran in his eulngy ot the ' Mother of Jesus' lias, assumed a most unwarrantable posi tion towards the Word of God, and has deeply wounded the feelings ol pious Olu islians. The Chrit- ti:in fails to find in the Bible any warrant to worship saint or angel. The Bible teaches that by ' Him we have access by one spirit to God the Father,' and that it is idolatry to seek access in any other way. It is true wo honor the governors of this colony as the representatives of the Queen, and we honour the memory of the Virgin Mary as the mother of Jesus. But in honouring the representatives of tho Queen, are we thereby at liberty to endow them with the prerogatives of soverignty ? No! To do so would be rebellion. And in endowing the Virgin Mary with the attributes and prerogatives of omniscience, omnipo tence, omnipresence, redemption, and salvation, is it not openhanded re bellion against Him who hath said, 'For there is one God, and one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus.' ' Ieven I, am the Lord, and beside me there is no saviour.' The whole aim and drift ot the Cardinal's speech seem to have been to set the creature above the creator. He extols the Virgin while he keeps the Saviour in the background. He sets her forth as more watchful for our salvation than Christ himself. It is not true that the Virgin Mary gave to us the Re deemer of the world, as the Cardinal asserts, Jesus Christ is the gift of God alone. 'God so loved tho world that ho gave his only begotten so-i ihat whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life' (John 3. 16.) The statement that 'Alary is the Comforter' is in direct opposition to the teaching of Christ. Speaking to his disciples in the 14th chapter of John, Christ says. — ''I will pray the father, nnd he shall give you another comforter, that he may be with you for ever, even the spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive ; for it be I holdeth him not, neither Itnoweth him ; ye know him ; for he abideth with you, and shall be in you' (John 14, 10 and 17.) Christ yivus his people peace, but it is his own pence, not that (ii his inot'.ier. The Cardinal cills Maiy tho refuge of sinners. Very different is the language of the Bible, where it reads: — 'God is our refuge a'd strength, a very present help in trouble (Ps. 40. 1.) ' Alary,' says the Curdinal, 'is the gate of henveu.' The language of Christ is different, for he says: — 'I am the door of the sheep. He that entereth not by the dijor, but cliiubeth up sonic other way, the same is a thief and a robber.' The Cardinal salutes Mary as the 'Queen ol' Heaven,' 'the equal of the Father;' 'his spouse.' What, awful blasphemy. The language of the Father is ' 1 am Goi]: and there is i.one like me.' . Of the son the Bible says: — 'He set him at his own right hand in heavenly places far above all principality, and power, and might, aud dominion, and every name which is named, not only in this world but in that which is to come, and hath put all things under his feet.' Yet in face of this the Cardinal speaks of Mary as the equal of the son. ]f thu .statements of Cardinal Moran be true, then the word of God is not true when it says ' Be hold, I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all people ; for unto you is born this day in the city of David, a saviour which is Christ the Lord.' For according to him Christ is not the saviour of the world; but Mary, who is the ' true help of Christians.' 'She,'he says, 'watches over us in our pilgrimage below, and she strengthens us in our weakness.' Strange that she could not watch over her own son, when he strayed from her, but had to seek for him threerlays sorrowing hefoie she found him. No, brethren, the Virgin Mary is no deity any more than the other, Bible saints of whom it is said 'I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thine eyes shalt not see all tho evil j that I will bring upon this place.' Mary, it is tiue, was highly favoured of God, but f.o was also Abraham, expressly called the fiiend of God, and the father of the faithful, and what does sciipture say of him I 'Doubtless thou art our father (God) though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not. Thou, O Lord, art our Father, our Redeemer, thy name is from everlasting.' On what ground is it presumed that the Virgin Mary knows what is going on in earth any more than Abraham to whose bosom Lazarus was carried by the angels at death ? The Cardinal's addicss on Mary is only another of the many proofs, which history and the everyday practice cf his church affords, that the Roman Catholic Church has departed from the true faith of Christ. That speech will deepen the conviction that tbe re formation was a cutting off of an idolatrous church, which is wedded to her idols, and will afford all Protes tants unanswerable reasons of the justice not only of having separated from a corrupt church, but of keeping separate, and of not in any form whatever giving her the least sup port. — 'For thou shalt worship no other God, for the Lord whose name is jealous is a jealous God,' 