THE CONTRIBUTOR. MEDICAL HALLUCINATION. Br L.A. Tho influence of tho mind on diseases affect ing the body is a subject that has ot late years received a good deal oi attcuiion from physi ologists, and from scientists generally. As a consequence of this, our periodical litera ture has from time to time been the ready vehicle for tho dissemination of new theories on the subjoct. Seldom a month passes but one or other of tho numerous magazines and journals contains an ortido furnishing more or less original ideas npon this and analogous subjects. The impetus in this direction seems to owo its origin in great measure to the re currence at intervals of a wave of public interest being stimulated by the magic per formances of somo itinerant necromancer, who may baro performed apparently lunrvcllons cores by manipulation, by the touch of his hand or by some other means, different from the ordinary modo of therapeutic treatment. Such cases, if they havo a resultful issue, are certain to oxcito public interest ; and where tho public is concerned, science must concern itself. If the public goos crazy about ghosts, and in sists tint they exist, tho nustero voico of science is callml into requisition, and ns ob stinately persists thnt they arc nat, and so tho thing goes on— n deal of argu ment being involved before tho epi demic subsides and scicuco triumphs. Thorc is iu human nature an irrepressible ten dency towards 6upernaturalism and indivi duals arc to-day ns prone to believe in anght that promises to ho occult and cldrich as were individuals who lived iu the Elizabethan era, or, indeed, loug anterior to it. Of tho credu- lousncss extended to supcrnnturalism in oldcu times there is abundant proof furnished. It is a very universal axiom amongst physiologists and doctors that "faith" accomplishes almost as much as the physic administered. How far this may or may not bo true, I do not pretend to know ; but certain it is that we have in the works of the best modem authors ou the sub ject, such us Carpenter, Bain, Lewes and others of the same school, amplo testimony that there lmve bceu innumerable cases iu which "faith" has beon not only a valuable aid to, but also, in many instances, tho sole agent of, recovery. Proof of this has been haoded down to us from even pre-Hippocrutcan eras. And, if we search the works of Plato, St. Augustine, Galen, Cclliui, Cazotte, Zyschokke aud I'onricr, wc shall find instances which, after . stripping them of the absurd supernatural colorings with which they abound, will serve to supply additional proof of tho wonders performed by faith in antiquity. Then there is tho " charming away of warts," which custom, I believe, still prevails in the northern counties of England. 5Ir. J. Bcrnhard-Smith (Xotcsand Queries, 6th series, vol. I., p. 234), under heading of A Cure for Whooping Cough, 6ays : — A friend tells mc that he has known a necklace or collar composed of dried pipe-fishes (syngnathus) cm- ployed for this purpose at Gravesend, where tho fishermen used to dry and soil them to be worn around the children's throats. Then again, there are tho manipulations practised with the " metallic tractors," the invocations of Priuco Ilobenlolie, ct hue genus onme. Now, in the absence of even tho smallest ovidence in verification of the assumption thnt these various agents possess any curative virtues at all, it but remains to sock for tho origin of such remarkable results as are said to have been obtained by their influence, in the explanation which physiologists hazard, viz., by i' faith," " expectant attontion," &c.; That almost phenomenal cures have been effected by mysterious agencies in all ages of tho world is not to bo denied in the face of truthful his tory, merely because such things no longer happen. Mesmerism, spiritualism, clironothcr- mulism, kiuesipalhism, hypnology, biology, strehe, are but the revival of archaic prac tices disguised under new terms, un intelligible to the largest half of the world. These, however, are now fast dying out, but only to he shortly supplanted l>y new arts, or old arts under new designations. The public canuot live without tho "miraculous." As long the world stands it will always greet with open arms anything cldrich or mysterious. Any art, tho laws of which are incomprehensible and in explicable to man, it will welcome with a gusto which fow discoveries that had a scien tific basis would produce. Tho public is to- day, however, more sober than it wns half a c.'utury ago, or even than it was three decades ago. This is to he ascribed to the advanced enlight- onmcntwhicli the diffusion of science and educa tion has occasioned. These phenomena have since then undergone the very nicest scientific investigation, and havo been accorded the labor and study of the most eminent scientists, philosophers and medical authorities on the subject. They have at intervals been tho theme of scientific discussion from, if not before, Mesmer's time, and the appa rent object that these investigators have had in view has invariably keen to account for tho phenomena iu point by any means other tlmn supernatural. The results, however, have, in a scientific light, been always more or less un satisfactory. Although Ihev have done more to dispel tho popular belief that the phenomena arc due to supernatural agency, they havo alto gether failed iu their oft-made attempt to give that accurate physiological explanation by moaus of .which it could have been hoped those zealous enthusiasts ia favor of supcraafuralisni would bo convinced of tho fallacy of their precon ceived opinion. But, if these investigators have failed in achieving this, Uioy have been successful from another point of viow. They havo succeeded iu accomplishing at least the oh- ject for which their investigations wore appa rently iu part made. They have exposed, or havo been indirectly instrumental in exposing, tho practices of quacks and preteudcrs ; not merely by reasonof their having demonstrated that so- callcil miracles are due either to deception or to artificial cxcitomcnt of the imagination, hut because they have laid bare to public scrutiny the palpable absurdity of the popular supposi tion that tho pheuomcua are rcfcrablo to extra- mundane agencies. Hence wo are to-day a do- grco less gullible. Now, why slionld we assumo these phenomena to be duo to tho operation of some latent forco of tho nature of which we cannot possibly have any cognisance ? Were it not far wiser and more philosophical, before assuming them to bo wrought by preternatural means, to exhaust all tho known recognisable laws of nature to ac count for them ? Arc tho performances of n circus the outcome of Divine or Satauic in fluence ? And nro not somo of the tricks ono witnosses there quito as inexplicable as any of those wonders said to have been porformcd by magicians, faith healers, &c.; ? But then, n,9 feats performed at a circus are kuowu by uls public to be accomplished by logordemain. Tho onlookers nro content to ho deceived whereas, if a " magic healer " succeeds where a dozen or so doctors of medicine have failed in effecting aenre, then tho ignorant, 6elf-dcludcd public attributes tho result to supernatural intercession, and credits him with liaviug inter- courso with the Almighty, or, more likely than not, tho devil. Bomun Catholics, especially, favor tho latter assumption. Because a person happens to be cured of what is generallv held to be nu incurablo complaint, and because the manner in which tho euro is effected should ho anomalous and not in accordance with the established doctrines of medicine, is it to ho inferred that it must of necessity be the work of supernatural agency ? Tho effect of that obviously abnormal con dition aptly designated by Carpenter as "ex pectant attention" is either to promote, to diminish, or to modify the processes of nutrition and secretion. Tlmt this is true is not only acknowledged, but has beeu proved by physiolo- gists, It is generally conceded that the volitional concentration of consciousness to any one part of tho body is, apart from emotional excitement, sufficient to call forth sensation in it (see Carpenter's Mental Physiology) ; nnd.if this state be kept up automatically by the fixation of the attontion, tho metamorphosis may terminate in tho modification, not merely of the functional actions, but of the nutrition of the part. Thus, it will bo seen that actual disenso may oftentimes result from a inorhi l fancy or "dominant idea," as in the case of the individual who is the victim of liver complaint or of any other disorder which may engender a hypochondriacal tendency. The individual thus affected has sensations which, though purely subjective, ho bolievo3 to be real ; and this belief, by the inccsscnt volitional direction of tho attention to it, has the effect of origi nating so marked a change in the processes of nutrition and secretion operating in their im mediate neighborhood ns to render real disease a natural conscqnnnco. Iu some individuals, in deed — especially those of Iiysterio-nervons temperaments, and others with very fine sus ceptibilities — tho more relation ordescriptiou of, not to mention the witnessing of, attuiher's pains, is somctimos sufficient to produce in them corresponding sensations, which, if heeJeil. will set up functional derangement, if not actual disease. The sclf-tormcnting hypochondriacal will bclicvo himself to be the victim of auy complaint which iris imagination may carve out for trim, and should his belief be dominant enough this impression after n time actually produces a disease which, at the outset was but " imaginary." Moreover, the effectiveness of this unrolaxed concentration of the mind on a part of the body is considerably enhanced by the pre-anticipation of a specific result, ns is amply exemplified iu the case of the empiric, who, assuring his patient ot tho infallible efficacy of his treatment, engenders iu the hitter's mind an cxnectaucv which alone oi'eu produces tho desired rosult- — recovery. 