Legislature Appointments. It is an open secret that for some days past, Ministers nave been in close and frequent consultation over some new appointments to the Legislative Council. They have had to consider two ques tions — viz., How many new appoint ments shall be made, and who shall receive them. The first is a ponstitu- I tional question ; the second is one of policy. On the latter we do not desire to say a word. The privilege of mating these appointments with as little out side interference as possible, is con- j sistent with the method of the appoint ments. So long as they are nomina tions in theory, let them remain such in fact. The system ought not to be burdened by the weight of popular con tention, and made, perhaps, to break down as a consequence, and then be con demned for failing. At the same time there miiat always be a sense of fitness in these appointments, and if there were not the public might soon express disapprobation. So far all has worked fairly well. In a despatch from Earl Carnarvon there is this passage, 'I have nowhere seen that exception has been taken by the public, or in Parliament, either to the increase in the number of the council, or to the persons appointed.' Turning to the first qitastion raised, it will be known to old residents, and may be learned by new ones, from a resume of the history of this business, supplied in another column, that there has often been disputing over the num ber to which the council Bhould be kept up, and to the number which might, at any one time, be appointed. At this moment more than the ghost of those disputes is again raised. It has ofte n enough been stated that under the Con stitution Act there is no limit to the number of members in the council, but for the first nine or ten years of our history the ratio of the Council to the Assembly was a trifle more than two- thirds. It ought to be taken as fully demonstrated that a two-thirds ratio was not too large and that for years it was not likely to oe. jnere were reasons tor this. Amongst them was this one, that when gentlemen have gained the honour of a seat in the Council they have a. way of going to Europe and of remaining there for long periods. In this manner the effective strength of the Council is very much reduced. At this moment 3G is the nominal strength of the Council. The probability is that not more than ? 30 of these, if so many, will preaent themselvea at the opening of nesb ses sion of Parliament, or will be there during any part of the time. Mean while the number in the Assembly has been raised to 59, and it is not publicly 'known thnt one seat will be empty. In thiB way the number in the Council will stand at a fraction over half the num iber.of 'the Assembly. At times it has ?been admitted that the two-thirds ratio .might turn out to bo too large. But itbe time anticipated was in. the far distant future, when the Assembly of ?Queensland .Bhall have approached the unwieldy proportions of the House of ? 'Commons. Then it may not be neees sary to maintain the two-thirds ratio bttween the -Council and its more lusty ueigiiuour. jauv an tnat 18 a very long way .off. At this moment it is as urgent as ever that the two-thirds ratio be maintained. It is so, not only because both HouBeBare still vory small, but because tho powers Bought to be exercised by the Council as against the Assembly, ought not to be in the hands of a number too small fairly to represent the country. It is said that one of the functions of tho Council is to check insty legislation. If the number in the Council does not hold a fair ratio to that in the Assembly, if it is a Email number of comparatively aged men, many pf whom have retired frpm active life, the check intended to bo put on hasty legislation may be put upon legislation that is anything but hasty. During last session of Parliament the Council rejected a bill which has been before the country for years. If the admitted ratio be kept up, it will imply frequent accessions of new blood, possibly rather more in sympathy with popular ideas than some of the old members of the Council are. This brings us to the nest point, viz., how many may bo appointed at one time, and how many now ? It appears to us to be trifling with the subject to say, as Earl Carnarvon did in 'one of his despatches, that so ; many as seven ought not to be named at one time. L9t us suppose, ? for example, that by some misfortune the 'Council suddenly lost a third of its members, say 10 ; would it bo unsafe at once to name 10 in their stead ? The rational rule is to appoint, whether at one time or not, as many as are necessay to maintain a fair ratio. If the total number in the council were fixed, then all vacancies would have to be filled up. The rule fairly applies now. What then are the factB? In the Assembly there are 59 .members. Making all due allowances, the effective number in the Council is 32. If the two-thirds rule is to be main tained, at least eight nominations should be made. This would bring' the number up to 40, and the ratio would be that maintained during the first 10 years of Queensland Parliamentary life. There is another reason for this. The Council at present lacks the debating power which it ought to have ; a fact which has always been allowed due weight when previously the .question of any considerable increase -was raised. To this it may be added that the present Government cannot- insure' the passing of any measure -in the1 Council. The appearance of '' the ? House from this standpoint is ridiculous. Secretaries of State have allowed- that this fact may influence appointments. In Ms despatch Sated April, 1874,' Earl Carnarvon says, ' What I have said does not, of course, apply to cases where one or two seatB are added temporarily and for the special purpose of enabling an adminis tration to secure a better exposition of its policy.' We maintain that at this moment at least eight nominations should be made. The number then would be fairly within the two-thirds ratio and with a smaller House, the business of the country will not be fairly done by the Council. We believe it was the intention of the Government in the first instance to nominate only two gentlemen. So far as popular thought has been expressed in well-informed circles, nothing less than four would give satisfaction ; and there is a very strong feeling that at the very least six new members ought to be summoned by His Excellency to the Legislative Council. 