ORDINATION' OF' WESLEYAN MINISTERS. THE EX-PRESIDENT CHARGE. 'The ordination of 13 Wesleyan minister s-including a Chinese, the Rev. J. Tear Tack took place at the Bourke stieetWoslev-au Church on Thursday evening. The special services hold on the occasion included the delivery of a change which was given by the junior ex-president, the Rev. J. A. NJIIUI. " We preach Christ crucified" (1 Cor. i 23rd) was the choir talion of the charge. The Rev. J. A. NOLAN devoted the first part of his address to a consideration of the right of those officiating at that service to ordain those who had come forward for ordination' and to an argument against bishops having any exclusive power in that respect. It was contended' that there was the infallible authority of the New Testament itself for what was being done there that evening. They did not forsake the Word of God for the half-instructed guidance of the infant centuries of Christian history. So rapidly did the early Church degenerate that they had no safe guide except the New Testament itself. ? Some attention was next directed to .? modern episcopacy," which, it was contended, was not an apostolic institution. No detailed plan of church order and government was laid down by Christ and His apostles : the details were left to be filled in according to the varying circumstances of the several churches. Room was left for the free and diversified growth of that abounding life of the emily Church that promised soon to fill the whole world with blessing. It was contended that whilst every church insult liberty to adopt that form of government best suited to its circumstances, no chin co had a right to seek to impose its exact pattern on the universal Church. Reference was next made to the causes of the establishment of the episcopal office, and it was argued that the holders of this office little by little had encroached on the rights of the presbytery. The inception of the pestilent seed of pricstiim,"* and the invention of J the fiction of apostolical succession were next dealt with, and it was contended that as a consequence of those things the Church was modelled, not after the pattern of the kingdom of God. hut after the pattern of the kingdoms of this world" and all the while the bishops incessantly increased their influence and authority, and abridged more and more the ancient pi Gallegos and labor ties of the people and of the presbyterian. They fortified their position by constantly increasing their wealth and their political power. Ecclesiastical Yanks and dignities wore multiplied. Some of the bishops became metropolitans, some of the metropolitans became patriarchs. and lit last a prince of patriarchs ascended the finest ecclesiastical as the Roman Pontiff. and so, to the present day, the episcopal churches were cursed by the subtle thraldom and the spiritual paralysis of this false theory of the church a theory that robbed the Rock of Christ of their private judgment, and exulted their uhder- bhopherds into .' lords over God's heritage a theory that was based on shameful forgeries and pious frauds-a theory that un- churches the great majority of all the Protestant Christians in the world, and ignored the wonderful work of God that was being done by them in all civilised and in all heathen lands-a theory' that, by" its oxedusivej.ees and its arrogant assumption of superiority, made impossible any true Christian unity, and thus divided the body of Christ-a theory that dishonoured the word of God' by exulting tradition above the Scriptures, that dishonoured the Son of God by transferring the merit of His atonement to a church site, and by interposing the clergy between the sinner and lils'Suviour, that uitboiiiniroil The Holy Spirit of God by seeding Him in the mystic prison of an ordinance and placing him at the disposal of a human priesthood. Thank God this Methodist Church of theirs was not onHlnycd by such a monstrous spiritual oppression. The God" of their fathers had set them free.. And they were not alone in maintaining the rights of the flock of Christ. Not only did all the non episcopal churches stand shoulder to shoulder with, the, but some of the most able of the ministers and dignitaries the Church of England joined with them in exposing those baseless claims. Those claims could not survive the more careful and more candid study that was being given to the history and constitution of the early Church. And the "heaven of freedom was working. Neither the superstitions nor the expression of a less enlightened age could stand before the great incrense of Gospel teaching that was characteristic uithisuire. And to-night those brethren had been uproarious steiidüid-hcaicrs in this momentous conflict. Duly commissioned by Christ and by this Church, it is henceforth the great work of their life to " preach Christ crucified" He then addressed the new ministers in the following terms: Your author city" to preach then is, first of all, the call and commission of God the Holy Ghost. That Divine call gave you authority to preach before you were ordained. Without it, no ' ordinations, whether episcopal or presbyterian, cou give you this authority. As of old, ' No man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God as was Auroli.' What your ordination has done for you is, formally and officially to separate and so you apart to this work," as henceforth the great work of your life, for your protection, and the protection of those to whom we send you, the inward call of the spirit has now been attested and authenticated by the outward call of the Church. In answer to the question put to you just now by the president, you said that you oust that you are in- wardly moved' by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office "und ministration." We also trust so, and not without reason. We know that if God has called you, Hollas not denied to you the grace and the gift that are > needful for so high an office. We have watched your course through a lengthened probation, and we are persuaded that, first of all, you atom man Of God, for God calls no uncou verted men to be ' His ambassador. Again and again we have examined you on this point. Twice each year of your probation your assembled brethren were challenged to say if there - was any objection to your moral or religious character. No other Church takes to much pains in this matter as we do ; and we have our reward. T'hut all un- godly man should got into our ministry is nearly impossible. And we are persuaded, also," that God has endowed you with the necessary gifts. To be assured of this we have subjected you to examination after examination. And we have satisfied ourselves also that God has already made use of you " to feed the Church of God." If we had not found in you this threefold warrant of grace, and gifts, and fruit, 'the bonds of the Presbytery would never have been placed on your heads. Prominent among the " gifts " that we have looked for is the gift of preaching. In some Churches a man may be sent forth as a minister who has never so much as repeated the Lord's prayer in public. But it is not so with us. We have thoroughly tested your preach- ing gift, and if we had not been satisfied on this point, that alone would have excluded you from this ministry. Whatever else you are, we required that you shall be able to read li. First of all you were local preachers, and coiniiiendou yourselves to many a country congrega- tion. And over and over again you have undergone the ordeal of a trial sermon." We did not lay hands " suddenly " upon you when to- night we set you apart to what will, henceforth, be the greatest privilege, and the most solemn and perilous responsibility of your life. And now I lay upon you this threefold charges grow in grace, to cultivate your gifts, and to harvest the fruits of a successful ministry. As to the first of twin, your sacred office will not exempt you from the possibility of spiritual declension and feebleness, and consequent failure in your minist y lose ''his men < t God" is at once your most sacred duty and juur-lsuie»t pledge of ministerial "success And as to your life-, they are talents with which God has girl used you that he might know how much every line will turn by trading " And fore most among them is your perilous gates cultivate which is a duty that is second only to the cultivation of your spiritual his "Never forgot, then, that you are put on here, iii at of oil to pt each in the von highest function of the Christian ministry Paul contended that Christ sent him not to baptise, but to preach the gospel " To this every thing must be made to how you will need to be students, to be pastors and as this to be organisers and udinmibtrutois too often Un fortunately. to be also branches Once a J end you will be reminded that "a Methodist preacher is to murderers point great and small, of II e Methodist discipline " But before any of these or all of them, you must be preaches I horn the time will I ever come with any of you when He We learn minister will overshadow the clothes dist Ticoelio'- Preaching In God's chosen instrument for Ino converge i of the y said since the days of the JiwishRybbuiud Oieekphilotopheu in old Corinth the world through its wisdom, knows not God but it is God's' good pleasure, through the foot' loss of preach ing, to save them that believe " like a romance of Jesus e free preaching in the wildernesses Julia " Our Lord Himself soon followed " telling in their by i rogues, and pre that"- the Go Apel of the Kingdom " Yad rio Com missioned His disciples to go into all the world, and preventive Gospel to ever creature In prominences that commis m, Peter preached, on the very birth-day 01 Christianity to a y ist cong eg action ' from every nation under bear on " And when persecution arose, the scattered disciples ' wcntcveiywhoio preaching the word" Since then every great revival of religion has been marked by a return to the original method of preaches- And of all the churches Methodism bus from the first been a preaching church Its birth was marked by a perfect outburst of preaching gifts Your first predecessors in this ministry are known to this day BE "the early Methodist preachers '' Since then, in the roll of its dead are found the names of many who were great preachers "In the brave days of odds the best preaching in a town or village was sure to be heard from the Methodist pulpit, and the barn-like Methodist chapels were spoken of as " couv sorting- furnaces " Brethren, there is more need than over that we should be good preachers Sinners are dying, as they era in the days of our fathers, and you are the bearers of a message of life and death importance from God I for them The opposition of unbelief and worldliness is as a litter as over it was the standard of popular education I has greatly advanced The competition of other churches is far keener than it used to be in many places they are I now preachers who will avail your best endeavours I . charge you that you do not let down the good name of Methodist preaching then, some other churches ' do not make as much of preaching as we do ) With us it all-important If we are not preachers i vic are nothing Oui Methodist people are well-trained They know good preaching when they hear it, and they have a right rb expect it from you 1 he will not be con- j tent with serviettes for sermons They will not endure a "Mother Hubbard" sermons Nor will they accept a prayer-meeting address for a Sabbath discourse If y ' ' / s sermons' are dry and uninteresting, the very children of the Sunday school will say that you are " a poor preacher," and it will serve you right. I have heard it whispered that, in this Conference, we are getting to be deficient in pulpit ability. AVb have men who can manage their circuits well ; 'we have men who are diligent pastors ; we have men of great business capacity; we have men who can represent us in scholarship or in literature but our princes of the pulpit-our men of commanding preaching, ability where are they We have them ; we can point to them with honest pride ; but we must confess that they are far too, few, Brethren, we look to you to set this matter right. It will be a shame to you if you do not set your ideal very high, and strive incessantly to reach it. Make it your highest ambition in this world to be ' ohio ministers of the New Testament.' Brethren, I do very earnestly' charge you to make the art of preaching a lifelong study." 