THE nu» s»ive*tfced for the 11th {octant duly osma off, and were in every sense a marked mooes*. The attendance in the afternoon roust hare numbered fully 300, including a goodly sprinkling of fair «ex. The con rue, which is one of the finest in New South Wales, was in splendid order, and the racing through- out good. One metallician put in an appearance, and seemed to do a good business. The various officers worked well, and the «.-cretary (Hr. Graff) was quite at home at thc business. Although the local publican teemed ti be well patronised, a total absence of rowdyism was a marked feature. Tho proceedings opened with the Haiden Plate, for I which three saddled up, and the winner turned up ¡ in Zuluman, a »trapping son of Zulu. The Uandi I cap attracted no leas than six of the seven nomina ! tiona, and the well-known Macleay horse Levi fur ! nighed the winner, and he also appropriated the Open Handicap, carrying a very heavy impost. The following is a marne of thc various events. MAIDEN PLATE of £6. with a sweep of 5s each, to go to the second bone ; for all horcas that have never won aa advertised price up to the time of entry. Penalty for winning thereafter-ottos, Gib» : twice, lOIbs. Distance, 1} mile. Weight forage. Mr. O. M'DonneU's b h Zuluman, 5 yrs, by Zulu -Punton mare. 1 O. Hynes', b so Mystery, 4 yrs, by Iteugny Nias Walker.-.- 2 O. Campbell's oh g Plain Bill, aged...... ... 3 This was a grand and welt-contested tace,2uluinan winning by. half-a-tength. HUBBY SctniBrof £fi, with a «weep of 6a each to to go to the second horse. Distance, 1 mile. Catch weights.' Hr. C. M'Donnell * b g Lorenzo . 1 A. M'Calloai'e b g Conqueror. 2 The Corra HARancra HANDICAP of £15, with a .weep of 10s.««oh to go tn the second horre,, for all horses. Distance. 14 miles. Hr. C. Wyatt's b tr Levi, aged. Hot 121bs . 1 C. M'Donqçlls ch f Rejected, Byra; Tat 1 Uh:> 2 John *ftn*"r-'* b g Trade Hark, aged, ¡let 21ha, including '.libs overweight . 3 Tbl« waa the race of the day, and oat of «eren entries »ii faced the »tarter, the winner turning np in the Macleay Uiver horse levi, who, being a big strapping horne, had the beat of his opponent* ovi r a heavy track. A Handicap RACK RACK of £5, 1 mile, was sub- stituted for the advertised Selling Race, for whioh J alz: hones started, Mr. C. Wyatt's Wonder winning by half-a-mck from Mr. W. Washington's Barbi ile, who was second. For the Officers' race of £4. I mile, only two horses sturted. Hr. C. Campbell's Hogan's Ghost and Mr. O. Hynes' Scamp, thc former proving the winner. The Orn MA unie AP of svfi, with a sweep of fis each to go to the second horse. Distance, 1 mile. Mr. 0. Wyatt's b g Levi. ü»t 121bs . 1 John Eastman's b g Trade Hark . 2 Thia event concluded the programme. Th» settling took place on. Saturday night, when the prises and sweeps' were paid over. ' A good crowd assembled at Mr. C. Campbell's hotel, and after all the business was disposed of, a couple ot pleasant boora were ' spent. While Mr. T. Martin waa absent at tho settling, some " friendly " person entered his hon ac by a back window, and decamped with a ladies' gold watch and ohain. No traces of the thief hat been found. Welcome Jack, has gone lame, and will shortl; return to Hew Zealand. First lord has been backed by his owner for tb doable, N.Z. Cap and Derby. *100(> passed-through the toUUsator daring tb. two days racing at Toowoomba. It ia estimated that Orifflths and his friends wot about staOOO in the Sir Joseph Banks' Sheffield, Wade, an Australian, and a famous three-quarte back, played for England in thereoent international football match, England v. Scotland. The Â/mw'-a. Auckland correspondent says thai it is more than likely that the sire Captivator wil paso into the hands of the N.Z. Stud Company. Wardill's team, which includes some of the best Koglish amaten ri and. four leadiug professionals will visit. Aaatnlia independently of Shaw's team Jarvia played a magnificent not-ont innings foi 96, against the -Cambridge University Eleven TrumblemadeM (not out), Scott 57, Bonnor 36 Bruce 34, Jones 30. On Monday. Trident was backed for tbe V. R. C Derby to win several thousands at 10 to 1, and for the Double (Derby and Melbourne Cop) Volcano found warm sappoit at 1000 te IO. The Mew bland Cap (of 1000 SOTS) weights have been published. Trenton heads the list with 9st 111b, and pest to him appears the name ol Nelson 9st 10th, while Necklace has Oat 111b. The steepleeba^or Agent, was oma used as a hack at Mount Gambier. Victoria, but being rather sluggish in his work his owner Fent him to the saleyard, where he waa knocked down for £9, Uralla hat at.last .been relegated to more genial quartern than tts« rseeeoarse. Her owner, Mr. Jas. White, MX C has decided to send her to the Kirk- ham s tod. Bruwa and Bose also goes ¿hem, After his victorian at the late Queensland Turf Club meeting. Bonnie Bee was «old to a Queensland owner, who has «latched him against Medusa for ¿GOO a aide, to ran a mile and a-half in abbat three weeks from date. At the last Glen Innes Jockey Club raoe meeting B. T. and His Wo: ship were sold for £50 and £60 respectively, to-go no Queensland. Within three months B. T. baa'won in prices «ver £1000 and His Worship Com From New Zealand we learn that the Plumpton Park directora have decided to communicate with the Auckland Plumpton Club, with a view to secur- ing the smnctiosi of Parliament to the nae of the totatieator machine at coursing meetings. The verdict reta mod by a court of lu w, in favour of Lee against Austin Saqui. appears to have settled the question of the disputed wager of «1000 claimed by the former fmm the latter, and ne doubt the legal decision will soon be followed by the Vic- torian Club giving its opinion. The gentleman who wa« making negotiations far the purchase of Tora Brown ns a stud horse for America was unsuccessful in securing the son of Kelpie and Happy Thought. The horse has not been nominated for any of the important coming events, as it ia Mr. Brackeureg's intention to give him a well-earned rest.,. The Sir Joseph Stnks committee ha* disqualified Crossly from èwip running on the Sir Joseph Banka grounds again', owing to the unsatisfactory manner in which he ran in the opening round of the recent Sheffield Handicap. An appeal was made to have the fusts'of J. Westwood re-opened, but it was refused',' and this pedestrian remains under the disqualification for. lite. The É/i/sVsays Mahiho's backen are willing to match him against Myers or Oeorge for any amount. Malone win run Myers'.250 yards, 350 yards, and 440 yards, the AujerioAn,'« three favourite distances; or will run Geork'e any distance from 440 yards to 1000 yard«. ¿100' a^ expenses will bs alla wed if either. George or Myers o*>me~ to Australia, or £100 will be taken to g«tö'America. Ata meeting of tho Victorian Football Associa-, tiou, it waa decided * That any player obtaining a permit or. playing .in.iopposition to the rule of the association be disqualified for tho remainder of the season." A discussion ensued aa to the advisability of reducing the distance of marks and it was ulti- mately decided that Rule XII should be amended, so that the distance ? between the players when a mark i i given, should be tu o ya rta instead of five, as has lately been the practice. MELBOUBMB Cor.-Although tho list of entries for the Melbourne Cup totals 113. it cannot be other than noticeable how many of that number, have been, as it were, resuscitated to take part in the greatest handicap of the Australi is, and a glance down the list will only too plainly reveal that never belora have so many weeds found a place among the entries for this important race. Included in the number are many that have been long on the ahelf, some as " waitiate." of coarse, but the majority as cripples, and it will not bo denied that bat little chance appears to exist of even a fair ne reen tare of the lot seeinr the nost. Ii. nin/rapk. TBS LATS A«CHBISHOP GOOLB.-St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, waa thronged the greater part of Monday by a stream «f visitors, who went to show rorpoot to the remains of the late Arch- bishop Goold, which were lying in state. The body of the deeesaed prelate Mea aa a polished oak coran, robed In f nil eaaoancala. The eoffln ia placed on a lofty bier of nneanapiod catafalque, draped in sable and maroon, with the archiepiscopal insignia placed in front, and with a wreath of white immor- telles. Th« high altar of the cathedral is draped in black. A great oonoooraa is expected to assemble in the cmthedral when th« ok sea, ai« of the deceased prelate take place. -Age. I 