—James Russell LnwcU. A DEAD MAN'S LOVE. The rain had come so suddenly that the Countess Elsa A ram could not possibly, even by putting spurs to her horse, reach the Ciistlo Lniicut before she was wet tlirough .Hid through, so she and her old groom, John Drim, drew rein under the portc-cocltt!rc of u dilipatad building, that seemed uninhabited its well. The countess sprang from her horse, saying : " Here is shelter, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses ? Put up the horees, and we will wait ill one of tho rooms for tho storm to pass." " Your ladyship forgets " •"•What 1 Are all the rooms shut up?" inquired tho countess, now half-way up the steps. " Not shut up; but j'our ladyship knows that a dragoon regiment was stationed here a week ago, and your ladyship has given them one of your farm- houses for quarters." " OU, was it this one ?" laughed the countess, and as she knocked at the door with her riding-whip, it opened, and an officer stepped out. He was tall, slender, yet strongly built man, the personification of the Greek Mars, in figure, strength, and carriage, but witlial so deadly pale that the beholder could not decide whether his beauty was greater tlian his singular pallor. "Oh!" lie exclaimed, as he saw the lady, " pardon me." "I came to beg for admission. The old house belongs to me, but you are the owner at present; will you give me and my old Jolm shelter from the storm ?" "You will bring my poor room good fortune, mademoiselle," and she found herself in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; the table was a chaos of books, loiters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small change. He swept the table clcar, and she seated herself and looked through tho window at tho howling summer storm. " You must keep us for a couple of tiosus, lieutenant," she remarked, "Will you! J am the Countess Elsa Arcon, of Castle Lftncut." He bowed politely, but with slight indifltjrence,almostmechanically. Incveiytliing that ho did there was something measured, almost soulless, as if he went through the customary forms of life by routine. " I am Lieutenant Kaymond Sternfcld. You spoke of my keeping you ; but, as you let me know, tlio house is yours." " Not the room, though." Slie turned as she spoke, and for the first timo they looked each other in tho face. For the first time she marked his youth, his exceeding beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as liis eyes rested 011 her ho scented to fear lier, lovely 11s she was. He betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at liis heart as one does when overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. Gut the little scene lasted scarcely a second, and they continued such a conversation as generally follows a first meeting. She glanced out of the window again, and vatch.ed tho effects of the storm with an artistVjriterest. " DoeV ;iot tho beauty in all tliis wilduess impress you deeply ?" she asked. " No," lu^(»d ; and again she noticed the terrible quint of indifference in him, as if he were strange to the world and the world to hiin ; as if ho could feel neither joy nor sorrow; as if lie were a handsome, powerful automaton, in whose face his maker liad forgotten to put a touch of living color. " No ; I see nature's beauty aud wildness, but I can not say they inislowly. " How comfortable it must bo .for you." " Do you think so ?" he replied, staring cAtihe raging storm; then, with apparent effort, lie turned to his fair gueBt. " 1 mil dujgKicefnlly negligent; let lue draw the.sofa w the window." " No, thai>t you ; I am a little cold." "Your luibit is damp. What can I do?" "Give nie a cigarette." " I am sorry that I have only Virginia. J<5si, my Cossack, shall get you some tobacco and rice-pupcr." "Would you have Iiirn drown on tho way ?" cried the countess.- "But you can not smoke Virginia." "'X liope not. Do you take me for a oral ?"slic cried, witli her own pretty "aySSSsMy ron^oj: at you smoking X have tried all kinds. My father was an inveterate smoker, aud my liusband, General Arcon, was ill for five years before Ins death, and I was his only nurse. J. learned to lmow my cigarette well during those long nights of'watching and waiting, m the close, bad atmosphere of a sickroom. She spoke simply, and Stemfeld threw her a glance that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done her in his thoughts. "But you have tea and a samovar, I see, sho added ; " will you give me a cup of tea ? You see I invite myself." " I will make it for you, countess." "AVliat! an officer make tea, with a lady in tho room!" laughed the pretty woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy and tho samovar into her own hands. " Bezerdyi bolongs to your regiment, I believe. He used to be in the Ulilatis, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bezerdyi, is he not?" "You know everytliing, countess." " Oh, you wonder that I am well versed in army matters. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise I should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from the storm," she finished with a smile. There was pride and dignity in her smile, childlike as her eyes were. Tiiey drank their tea, tho clouds broke away, and the countess rose to go. " Thank you," she said, as she gave him her hand, " and do not let me remain your debtor long. You are invited to come as a friend to Castle Lancut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odescnli, will be delighted to see you. Will you come ?" He bent his handsome head. " Your permission ia an honor. Our major, Count Lcttwitz, will shortly wait upon you with his officers." "Gooi-bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine." As she rode away two officers met her and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with a projecting chin ; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, false, grey eyes. " Ijook, that is the countess from the castle," said Linski. "She was talking with Sternfeld. How did Sternfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— The ugly littlo red-head smiled maliciously. " Sternfeld and a love- affair!" e said, scornfully. " Not so impossible," returned Captain Linski. "Will you go with me and speak to hiin ?" " To Sternfeld ? No !" said the little ount, sharply, and the Captain went alone. You have had avisitor I see," he said, s he entered the room. "Lord knows, such a piece of fenmity makes a bachelor's en more l'.onie-like, even if she is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes ; tlianks. It was tho Countess Arcon. Have you nown her long ? Or is she a relative 1" "I saw her to-day for tho first time," answered Stemfeld, in liis indifferent manner. "Tho rain drove lier 111." "You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sorry when the major takes us all to call upon her to morrow. She must be a leculiar creature. Scandal has never ireathed her name. She nuised an old husband on his death, bed, vegetates here with a half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magnificently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is she like ?" 'I really did not notice lier," said Sternfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made their visit to Castle Lancut. The Countess Elsa and lier aunt Odescali received them cliarmingly. The Countess Odescali was sarcely more than a cretin who always smiled and ate, but she was a sort of a chaperon for the young widow, and, with the exception of the necessary retinue of servants they were the sole occupants of the castle. "As a widow," said the Countess Elsa in farewell, I have 110 reception day, but I hope whenever you are riding by you will come in for half an hour when you have the time to spare—and as many of you together as possible." There was a charming air of command about her last words. As a soldier's daughter aud a hostess, she wished to he on good terms with all the ofliccrs but to none intimately. When they were gone she said to her aunt: "Well, dear Mona, how do you like them ?" But she did not ask the question for the sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali's liveliest means of expression was an eternal, gentle smile. She was treated by lier cheerful young niece like a poor urplian child, and tho Countess Elsa talked with her only to express her own opinions and give her monologues an acceptable form. "You don't care much for tho major, you would say," pursued Elsa. "Ho tries to bo more martial than Mars. You like 1,1 long Count Linski the best; he is not handsome, and he seems to have a wicked tongue, hut lie lias some sense, you think, Bezerdyi is a nice boy j yes, you are right. Hut I cannot endure that hideous Count Dobski, nor you either, aunt' Ho has never done us any' harm, but wo understand now tlio proverb: ' Rod hair care.' All in all, we are raging, are we not, aunt? Isn't it shameful that he did not como? It is unpardonable ! Of course, the ma jor said to them : Gentlemen, we must pay our respects to the countess 011 whose estate we arc stationed, and she will invite us to dinner on smiayc.' So they all canto except him. I care nothing about it, but it would have been polite to return tho visit 1 was forced to make liim." The Countess'supposod -that Aunt Odescali, as usual, heard little and understood less, So she started when the Odescali, opening her heavy mouth a littlo wider, said, thickly: "Who?" " The man who gave 1110 shelter ill the rain. How do 1 know what is name is ?" " He is a count ?" "No." " Is he haiidsoniu ?" "No." " What is lio, then 1" " Rude ! said the countess with flushed cheeks, then she laughed, and addod: What silly'things we are to get so angry, Mona." Aunt Hona smiled, as usual. Tho countess did her duty ; She invited the Officers who Usui visited lier to dine at Lancut. The dinners passed oil' as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, talked politics, paid a few compliments to the lady of the house, ate, drank and felt completely at ease. In one of tho anecdotes Lieutenant Stemfeld's name came up. " You know him, Countess I" interrupted Captain Linski, involuntary. !'Ho is a member of your regiment who gave me shelter iii the last raiii-storm," said the countess tranquilly. "Why wa» jritlt jj'ou when you called i" j Oh cried Dobski, shrilly," Sternfeld is a utile tuque. He is a nifeanthforte of tho deepest hue. You must not measure him by the rules of society. Have you not seen him ? Ho is as whits as the wall. I believe he eats lucifer matches." Linski gave the little man a contemptuous glance, and, in liis deepest voioe, said to the countess: "I11 fact Sternfeld is shy. He Used to bo more sociable, but for the lost, six months ho has apparently boon offing. Yet he is one of the bravest officers in the army —a man of honor through and tlirough, and a hero." " Until he hod that rencenln with Prince Teko, in. Vienna, about a rfdnsftuae of the worao reputation," cried Dobski. "The advantage was all on Stemfeld's side, count," said Linski, raising his voice, " and you are the last person to refer to tho affiiir, for the sake of your friend Prince Teko." "Gentlemen," said'the countess in a mocking voice aud a haughty face, " you are disputing about the right tod wrong of a man in whom I have not the Slightest interest. Pray finish your former story." And when her guests had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, mid played her best, leaned her lovely head on AuntMora's shoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly: " It has been a Btupid day, Mona. For s amismse, they said, and he looks like Byron in his sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven be praised, I am cured." Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the cheek of her nieco, who in that instant buried a something as yet formless and nameless in her stillest soul. So the summer passed away. The countess passed lier days, as formerly, at tho piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood. She was naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieutenant Stemfeld's name, and she had probably quite forgotten hiin, as it never appeared in lier monologue with her aunt. But one clianco threw her with him. It wns on the high road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and dust. The CountessElsa was sitting in a little pavilion at the park gates, whore she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned over the balustrade to watch a littlo caravan that was being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on liis back; beside hiin ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up by a young man with a basB viol, a violin, and a bundle of clothes.. They trotted by, poor children of tho south, driven forward by the raw wind of the north, and the Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the shadow of tears. One more came after; hut 110, he did not belong to thorn, tliis tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows. His eyes and liers met so directly that he could not but pause and bow. "Did you see the poor pcoplo?" she asked, as she leaned over the railing. The pale officer neared the gates and rested one foot 011 the lower step of her pavilion, but she did not invite liim in. "Poor people?" he inquired, as if astonished. "1 saw none." " Oh, you are up in the clouds'" cried the countess. "They were just in front of you, and at first I took you for 0110 of them." He did not smile. Such a tiling seemed impossible for his quiot features. " Oh, you mean the Italian musicians. Why do you call them poor f They are two, they have children with them. I call them rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in them ?" There was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but tliat which springs from a bitterly, roused heart. " Do you not see that they have 110 mother, and liohome ?" cried the couutess." " Home ? Why, they have the loveliest in the world—Italy." " Italy!" she exclaimed, angrily. "Every man has the laud of his birth, 1 suppose. But these poor people must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, never seeing the next step before them, going back to their Italy with. gray liair and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudge them even their graves." " And there are people who never may hope to see their native land again, countess," answered tho pale officer, sharply. " There arc many quite respectable people who wander among strangers, stammering another tonguo, or grown quite dumb, but they find no pity, because they do not parade tlioir loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not bo lonely, helpless— may not die of neglect in the midst of a forest of oaks ?" Sho bent her head and rose. " You should know that better than I," she said; "but the storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night." She bowed and vanished from tho pavilion. He pursued his homeward way against the wind, but once he stood still and looked back. "She must hate me," he said to himself; " and why ?" Then as he walked he murmured, " Is it worth while ?" And when lie reached home he said to his Cossack: "J<5si, lay out my parade tilings tomorrow. I shall make a visit." Tho Countess Arcon was on the point of making a tour of her field, when she heard the boll announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in the ears of the mistress. "Poor Aunt Odescali and poor visitor," she murmured, and turned back from tlio hedgo-gate to the front stops. There she found Lieutenant Stemfeld. She bowed, but stood still instead of entering the house. Tlio beauty of tho day might be her excuse, though her reception was not cordial. He stood before her as before liis general, and said, ceremoniously : "Madame la comtesse, 1 have come to pay yoji my respects. How beautiful your park is I" It was a beginning, and they walked together along the gravelled path and around the fountain in front of the house Ho answered more than he talked, but sl)e felt conversational with him in spite of herself. Sho showed him the two avilions tliat hep husband's parents ha4 Euilt, aud spoke of lier own childish fancies. " Yes," lie replied, " youth is Irrepressible. It is past and gone, and wo give it up, but it always seems to be standing behind us. to koep a soft hand 011 our shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, ' 'l'hank God for me.'" "All, I like you liowl" cried Elsa; "you would look on tlioso poor musicians of yesterday with different eyes to-day. You are one of those people 011 whom the weather has q great influence, like plants." l "Do you think so, countess?" he an Bwered, with a sa4 giimmdr of a stnfie. But it t«« a smile. "I thirvk you are mistfaken. Every heart longs for joy ani gladnosp; thare is none that finds pleasure in melancholy only because the weather changes. Hie sunshine or storm tliat makes our souls light or dark is within Us, and not easily altered b$> forco of will." " If 'people have heavy bhidens to bear," Said the countess, " they must not isolate thomsclvgs ; they inustseek cheerful pcoplo and tiy to lead a cheorful life, else they will find existence poor and wretchcd." "Do rou mear. me ?" he nsked, softly. "Yea' she returned, heartily. Pardon mo, but I think you are a little unsympathetio and unsociable. Of course it eonserns no one, least of all n woman; but I nm not a woman — I am a neighbour." 0 He answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in his glance and the ligiit that came into his fiice like a winter sun on a snow-field. " Have you never heard, countess," he asked, slowly, "of a woman who in a time of epjdomic avoided her ewn chilfi, aid Shut tho door on hor weeping treasure ?—whs died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp jVom her brow, that she might Save her child of infection} Or say that a man fthows he is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lira will bring his own dnree on others—will ha net say to those who love him, 'Back'? Or, RrtJier, will ho not avoid every opportunity t« love, when he knows thitt his lovo will bring destruction to its object ? Or, take a wretched vagrant on TthoiH rests the curse ef some crime, and who expects everj' day to feel the hand of ignominy en liis shoulder; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—open the deor of a home to him on his weaiy march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp limy bum, lovingly as the lips may smile, will he enter to bring his curse across that threshold ? No !" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Arcon ; "but what courage, to bo wrotxihod, dying, and to push away tho hand that would succor! But where have you learned that dreaty way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful ? Look at the roses. Seo how the sun sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious 1 Is it not bliss to bo alive 7" "Whocould say no to you?" ho answered with shining eyes and a faint tremulousness of the lip. " You fill every one that hoars you with your joy in life. It is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. Cod protect you from all sadness 1" She blushed, but without embarrassment, and their eyes met. When the glanceVf two pure and noble souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what the world call lovo never has existed between them and never is to exist. She only thought how glad alie was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something Beemed to separate him from her, as if a horrible recollection swept over his soul. He turned deadly pale, his mouth grew distorted, but only for a second ; then he regained his selfcontrol, the terrible qniet tliat she had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so when they hover over the cradle of an orphan child and hear the cock crow. "I quite forgot," he said, presently, "that I am under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed on your time so long, madame. Had she dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, feeling human being 1 No. As she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that he was no misanthrope, ho was not unfeeling, I10 was only mortally tired. He had a heart. A few days afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and Elsa Arcon, with her Aunt Odcscali and eight or ten friends from the neighboring estates, drove over in a party to look on. IjJite in the afternoon they set out for home, but the evening was so lovely that it seemed a pity to separate, and wliat pleasanter than to accept tho invitation of the pretty Countoss Arcon, and have supper and spend the night at Castle Lancut ? After supper, as the moonlight was brilliant, they all went; out 011 tho terrace, where tho night air was heavy with the perfume of flowers. " It is just the hour to listen to somcth'ng thrilling," said one of the ladies. " Who knows a ghost story ?" " Or a murder story ?" said another. " You always have a story ready, Dobski," cried one of the men to the frecklod little count, tlio only officer present. " Yes, I know a story, but not the sort you want. " It is true, though ; I have it on tlio best of authority." "Oh, toll it! When did it happen 1 Do we know the heroine ?" "Tliat I can not say, but it liappened about a week ago in Paris. The 'ady's name was Felice Franois. Her father was a general in the cavalry, and she was out of boarding- school. The old general, though lie was much beloved by the army, was really rather a common sort of adventurer. Ac was cxtravogant to the last degree, guzzled cliampague at breakfast, and his wife was a milliner's doll, and nothing nioro. So I10 went 011 making debts, though he knew ho never could pay, and every one lent because he gave liis word of honor. But a day came when he must either break liis word or go to the Jens. Well, he had a friend, an old mail, who said to him : ' 1 will pay your debts 011 condition that you sell me your daughter—I beg pardon—1 mean tliat sho will marry me. 1 So the father spoke to his daughter, and sho clung to the old man with both luuids, aud to secure silk dresscs and diamonds for life she sold hcrsolf like a bale of goods." " Is tliat all tlie story ?" said a Polish count. "There Is nothing unusual in tliat." " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it isa very simple story, but suppose tlie heroine were one of our friends f" "Oil, it is too disgraccfull" cried the ladies. At last the mow set, and f hey separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, she said : "Thank you, count, for entertaining my guests so kindly when 1 was f.ived." "Oh, countess, you flatter 1110," lie answered, modestly. But if he had seen hor heart ho woum have trembled, remorseless as I10 was. Early tlie next morning tho gnosis assembled for breakfast and departure. The lady of tlie hoiino sent hor excuses. She hud caught cold oh tlio tonawo, ajjd 3 was unable to appear. After lhe giiestii wsre goue, Aunt Mona knocked at. the - oor until »he red, wMi aleopleasness or crying, as she said : "A little headache, auntie. I am better, thank you." Then she went back to her chair, and sat dbwn with her head in her hands, supposing her smiling aunt would go away. But suddenly she felt Aunt Mona's hand 011 her shoulder, and heard he say: " Elsa, I will toll you what is the matter. Will you listen f" Elsa stared at her. The stereotyped smile hod gone from her face, and her eves were dim with tears; and she spoke distinctly, thoagh slow and heavily : " You wonder to hear ree talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to live again. Bat it was hard for me to talk, s« I kept still, and X heard people say suoh evil tilings, tliat I did not eare to open my mouth to them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, nnd I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded ynu to tlie heart yesterday, and you are alone. I can only comfort you, not help you ; you must find a friend to do tliat. Yoa have one in your heart, and he is brave, but you would never call him, so I have sent for him, and he will be here to Jay- Who is he, do you ask ? Could I mean any one but the man who this moment is riding to your door?" And she pointed to the window, and tho man tliat Elsa Arcon saw was Lieutenant Sternfcld. She went down to receive him, and motioned liim to sit beside her. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that she had sent for liim, and that ho Sad come to know in what way he could be of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but she looked at liim and trusted hiin. : " Pardon my sending for you," she answered ; "I need a friend." " Who has more friends than the Countess Arcon ?" " Friends who would like .to bo suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advantage of it? F«r that reason I sent f»r you." "For me?" "Yes; because yon are indifferent to me as a woman, because you are indifferent to tlie whole world, and because I feel that you are an honorable man." She was almost as pale as ho, as she continued : "So, in thip moment of my life when 1 need help, will yoli be my friend I" She seemed rather to confer than ask a favour. " Your friend," he mumiured. " It is a simple thing tliat 1 ask you to do ; only to read this letter from my dead father on tho 'day of my marriage to General Arcon." " Countess, I cannot read your letter, I caiinotacccpt the honor of your friendship, nor ask you to rely 011 my befriending you." She lose, with rage and sliaiue. "Because 1 am not a ttanscuse/" she cried. " You kriow about that ?" His eyes were unnaturally large, and his lips grew as white as hiB-chceks. She was frightened at what she had said, but her pride came back. " I have hoard it." " That dmisnisc, madame la comtesse, 1 have never spoken to, never even seen," he said, with a return of his customary indifference to lier, to the world, to himself.' • 1 Priiice T Jto was her avowed 1c iver. One ovening at mess, •jrhen lie liad been drinking, he gave an iufan.ous description of his inamorata, with wiVjra he had quarelled. I did not know the T oman, but the thing enraged me. I told the prince my opinion of him. Tliat was all." She drew a long breath. "Can j-ou pardon ine ? 1 was hurt at you refusing t» defend 111c. And so the thing blew over ?" His lips formed tho word "Yes." " And you forgive me ?" " For what ?" " 1 was afraid 1 had wounded you," she said, almost shyly. Ho made 110 answer, only took tlie letter, and said : " I ain to read this ?" " If you please." It ran as follows : " MY nr.AIII.Y 11EL0VEU ELSA: Will you, indeed, take this step ? Think that he is all old man, and you are still almost a child. True, he once did me a great service, and spared me a deep sorrow, but was he not my old friend Mid companion in arms? Now tliat lie issjekaud alone he needs care, you'say, and you will pay my mornl debt and fetter your young lifo to a sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and we are wealthy once more. We will make hiin one of ourselves, and teach him to forget his pride, but not through your self-sacrifice. There is still time to say no, Elsa. I Say it!" "I was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as he finished, " but I have never regretted my step. I gave my father's bencfactor a happy old ago. The world judges only hy appearances, and yesterday a wickcd man said wicked things of me to my face, without naming names. But how often will he name tliat at mess and in gossiping visits ? So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say with authority, 'It is not true.' Willyou say that)" " What do you require of 111c, countess?" he csclaitned. " If you only knew !" " What do I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. " Is it so much 1 Am 1 not worth even a word ?" "Yes," he groaned. "You must not speak so. You .'ire tearing my heart out. Pardon me for leaving you, countess—I am ill. You shall luarn whether I can bo your friend or undertake this mission, but not now." liis words rang in her ears, but ho was gone. * * * * * * LIEUTENANT SIEKKFKLII TO THE COUNTESS AIU-O.N. " MAPAIIB I,A COMTESSK : I do not know what. I am to say to you in tliis letter. 1 only know that 1 must tell you all that struggles in me. You will take these words for what they are, the ciy of a heart that would give the last drop of its blood to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour hy your side. I am young, my hcait is full to overflowing, and I shall never sec you again. From the moment that you read these lilies I shall have vanished from the world for you. Do not be angry that 1 dared not accept the honor of being your brother. My unhappy fate forbids me to live witli life, to count upon tomorrow. But 0110 tiling it does not forbid—tho courage and Uie power to tell you that 1 lovo you nlith the first, holiest, aud oil, iudfod, tlio IsOovc of my heart. Jdye jfa with e i — ^ •' wii-h every thol ' pulse of is to moulder in tlio grave, where it has Jong been due. t lovo >-ou unutterably. God * bless * you. * Farewell * forever. • * * S." A starless night hung over the Lancut estates, oppressive, damp darkness, through which a woman knocked nUthc lonolyfiinn-housc where LieutcnantSternfold lived. Tho door was opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on tho steps outside. The Countess Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within the threshold : " Lieutenant Stemfeld, you are a wicked man." lie placed his light on the window-sill with trembling fingers, only saying: "YOB here, countess?'' and then stood with folded hruids before her, as if sho wero a saint. But she looked at liim with breathloss anger. " You terrrified me to death by your letter. Heaven be praised, you arc here." " You were alarmed about me f" "Yes she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable in its reproach and pride; " new it is over. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was atopid enough for tliat. No one ever cared for my grief." He caught lier hand and held her from going. "Elsa, do not leave mo !" He cried. I told you tliat I was wretehed, and you"— " I only wished to tell yon to ho brave," she struck in. " You have a wife you do not love, or yeu are in lovo with some ono you cannot many, and you whimper like a child. Is that manly 7" "Love anyone but you? I can bear it no longer in this last hour when 1 must rolum to tlie grave in which I have been lying for a yoar. Elsa, I dared not take or return love, because—I am a dead man !" She took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he was mad. " Ves," lie continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly en her face ; " Have you never felt it ? Listen. 1 am only a ghost; to.morrow's sun must not see me on earth. Do you think I am mad 1 Listen. My parents were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. X told you of my quarrel with Prince Teke. A duel naturally followed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently; not really, however. AB we could not fight openly, we arranged a secret duel. We drew lots in tlie presence of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski The one on whom the lot fell was to die by his own hand before the end of a year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died before ? I could take care of my mother so much the longer ; and 1 lived so litf*« always working for my fortune. So I have lived my year, hut how.' Day by day, hour by hour, death crept towards mo. I dared bind myself to no ono. I must stamp out all longing for life and love. Then you came into my life, and I loved you. 1 saw heaven, and dared not stretch outniy hand toward it; I saw the highest blessing oflifehcld out to me,and liad to dash it from my thirsting lips. I Vuist die—and you stand before lue the image of the beauty, glory, and blossedness of life, hopelessly lost to me." His eyes closed, and lie fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress 111 liis fall. She sank beside him, took him ill her arms, and begged him, as if beside herself to say it was not true ; sho cried that she loved him, and how was it possible for him to dio when tlioy could be happy ? 'It is well I took the poison before you can;o," he said, at last;" 'now 1 should not have t.iiO courage." His eyes did not. close again, but rested on her face with rui cxpr^Fioii of unspeakable love. She saw the end was near, and neither spoke nor muvod. Her lips received liis hist breath. Tho whole corps was at first horrifiedat the "legitimate" suicide of a br.ivc comrade, who an hour before his death had written to the colonel setting forth tlie reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. . The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. The great world thought the countess was acting nobly in tending her poor imbecile relative. They did not know it was the relative who was nursing dying woman. For when the Spring canie Elsa went out of life as a flame goes out. A m-aladie dc langucr, said tlie physicians. She was buried in the sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in which Aunt Mona lingered out her last days, without a word and without a smile. — Translated from the German of E. M. Vacano by Helen Lake. 