TCVANO-ELICAL RELIGION. Evangelical Religion in the present day is not the fashionable religion. To be called Evangelical is with many a term of reproach. Many wince under the appli cation nf it to themselves. Yet we make bold to say, Evangelical Religion is the religion of the Church of England. It is , the religion of her Articles, her Formu laries. and her Prayer Book fairly inter preted. It was Evangelical religion that washed the face of the Church of Eng land at the glorious Reformation and brought her forth from Romanism in brightness and purity like the full moon from behind a cloud. It was Evangelical Religion that revived the Church from her deathly indifference a hundred years ago under Buch men as W hitfield, and Toplady, and Romaine, and Harvey, and S. Walker. It is Evangelical Religion that is the life of the Church Home and Foreign Missionary operations, and Evan gelical Beligion will be the glory of the Church as long as she lasts. Evangelical Religion has five points, and a grand and glorious pivot from which they all radiate. The pivot is God's word as the only supreme rule of faith and practice. It accepts fully article 6, "Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation, so that whatever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the Faith or be thought requi site or necessary to salvation." It turns a comparatively deaf ear to such arguments as "The Fathers say so and so. The Catholic Church sayB so and so." It brings the Fathers, the Prayer Book, and the Catholic Church to the testimony of Scripture, and not Scripture to the testimony of the Fathers, the Prayer Book, and the Catholic Church. It says, Bhow us anything that agrees with the Book and we will believe it. Show us anything that does not agree with the Bible, and Evangelical Religion would rather go to the stake than believe it. Give us chapter and verse for the basis of your assertion, and if what you say fairly and honestly harmonizes with what the Book says we accept it. But neither reason, philosophy, Catholic Faith, or learned men will induce us to receive unscriptural arguments. " All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field ; the grass wither- eth, the flower fadeth, because the Spirit of the Lord bloweth upon it : surely the people is grass. The grass withereth, the flower fadeth, but the word of our God shall stand for ever. Never let ub forget the immortal saying of Chillingworth, " The Bible, and the "RihlA nl An a in th« rfiliorion of PrntestantR." o _ 1st point. The ruin, corruption, and depravity of human nature by sin. Romans iii. says, " All have sinned and come short of the glory of God. Every mouth may be stopped and all the world become guilty before God." Article 9 says" Man is very far gone from original righteousness and is of his own nature in clined to evil — and " every person born into this world deserveth God's wrath and damnation." No formalism or sacramentalism will save, satisfy, or sanctify an immortal soul. The renewing of God the Holy Ghost and the application of the precious blood of the Lord Jesus Christ to the soul will alone heal the spiritual disease of a lost Binner. 2nd point. " The Headship of the Lord Jesus Christ of His people, i.e., His being set up in the Father's eternal purpose as Head, Representative, Substitute, Re deemer, Saviour, and Intercessor of His people. Evangelical Religion holds that the Lord Jesus Christ was the Substitute, the vicarious Substitute for His people, that by so offering Himself, He obtained a complete Balvation for Binners — a re demption from the guilt, condemnation power and consequenc eof sin — According to Article 31, " There is none other satis faction for sin but that alone " — and that all who believe are even in this life entirely justified from all things, completely for given all sin, reckoned righteous before God, and partakers of all spiritual bless ings in Christ. Evangelical religion holds that' Christ must reign over His Church and in His people's hearts — that nothing must come between their soul and Christ, that an experimental knowledge of Him is the very essence of religion, that whilst the natural heart wants a religion of sight and sense, yet no minister, form, or sacra ment, must take the place of Christ. " This is life eternal, to know Thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom Thou has sent" — to believe in Christ, to abide in Christ, to live in constant com munion with Christ. " For God hath given Him to be head over all things to His Church which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all." 3rd point. Justification by faith only. Romans iii. says, "A man is justified by faith, without the deeds of the law." Article 10 says, "We have no power to do good works pleasant and acceptable to God without the grace of God by Christ preventing us." And the 11th asserts, " We are accounted righteous before God only for the merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by faith and not tor our own works or deservings." Evangelical Religion says, that all the debts of God's people were paid by Christ, that " He put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself," and " hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified," that when He rose from the dead proof was given that His work was not only finished but accepted — being delivered for our offences, He was raised again for our justification, — that when he ascended up on high the Father was well pleased and said, "Sit thou on my right hand until I make thy foes thy footstool." " Whosoever be- lieveth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life." " Therefore, being justi fied by faith, we have peace with God." Faith apprehends it, faith realizes it, faith rejoices in it, faith triumphantly asks, " Who is he. that condemneth ? it is Christ that died, yea rather that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maintaineth intercession for us." The noble reformer, Martin Luther, of ever blessed memory said, " Justification by faith only is the article of a standing or falling Church." 4th point. The work of the Holy Spirit in calling the soul from darkness to light, making it partaker of the Divine nature by a new birth, and sanctifying the soul according to the will of Goa. The Lord Jesus Christ said, "It is the Spirit that quickeneth." Evangelical Religion says, the Holy Spirit is the author of all life in the Christian's soul, that by the operation of His grace on the heart, repentance; faith, hope, love, hatred of sin, and delight in the law of God are produced — that His work is felt in the heart — that His adop tion, His sealing, His witness, is an ex perimental thing, realised and felt in the heart — that until He comes and works there is only death. " Ye must be born again" — "Ye must be quickened from the death of sin into the life of righteous ness " — " Ye must be called out of dark ness into marvellous light." No life with out the new birth — no heaven without the sanctifying work of God the Holy Ghost. The three R's of old Rowland .Hill ought never to be forgotten: — "Ruin- by the fall, Righteousness by Christ, Regenera tion by the Spirit." 5th noint. Perseverance in food works and holiness of life unto the end. The Apostle Paul tells .the Corinthians- — " Where the Spirit of the Lord is,: there is liberty " —liberty not to live as men list, but liberty, freedom of spirit to serve God with a cheerful heart and willing mind, to walk in all the ordinances and command ments of the Lord blameless." Article 17 says, " They that be called by God's Spirit through grace obey the call, they walk religiously in good works," Evan gelical Religion says, that when the Spirit of God takes up His abode in a man's heart, it is to live and operate there, not to lie dormant : that if a man is a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven, he will live a godly life, overcoming the world, the flesh, and the devil. It affirms that a godly life, a bringing forth of good works, is the evidence of the spiritual condition of the Christian's soul — that grace that cannot be seen, that is not manifested in a holy life and walk with God, is no grace at all. " Whoever is born of God does not commit sin because he is born of God.". "He that endurett unto theendshall be saved;' and for this (endurance the promise is given. — " My grace is sufficient for thee." "Kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation." These are the five points of Evangelical Religion, the chief, first, and principal things in Christianity. There are other points, but they are only secondary to these in importance. For instance, Evangelical Religion does not undervalue the Church and all its privileges, but it protests against preach ing the Church instead of Christ — against teaching the people that membership of the Church is identical with membership of Christ. Evangelical Religion does not despise the Christian ministry, but it pro tests against priestcraft and sacerdotal pretensions and private confessors as the source of every kind of superstition and error. Evangelical Religion does not despise the two sacraments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper, but it protests against the notion that the baptism of water is always accompanied by the new birth of the Spirit, and that the Lord's Supper is a sacrifice — it affirms that any real presence of Christ's body and blood under the forms of bread and wine is an " idolatry to be abhorred of all faithful Christians." Evangelical Religion, in the Church of England, does not set little value upon the Prayer Book, the Episco pacy and well-built churches with well- conducted services ; butitprotests against the Prayer Book being exalted above the written word of God, that Episcopacy is infallible, and that there can be no Church without bishops, — it protests against well built churches being turned into mass houses, concert halls, and flower shows — it protests against gaudy vestments put on and strange antics. It protests against the notion that by joining Brotherhoods and f Sisterhoods, going to confession, doing penance, wearing peculiar dresses, decorating our persons by enormous crosses, adopting various postures in wor ship, walking in processions, holiness of heart and life are promoted. To the members of that Church just now . we say, do not suffer Evangelical Religion to be turned out of the Church without contending earnestly against it. .Turn it out, and you turn life out of the Church— you turn usefulness out of her —you write upon her, "Icbabod, thy glory is departed." Ritualists and their friends talk of what they do. The boast is, " They are earnest, hard-working men." But what results can they Bhow ? What Sierra Leone can they point to? What Tinnevelly can they boast of? What teeming populations at home have they Evangelised ? What mining districts have they Christianized? What moral wastes have they leavened with the Gospel of Christ ? Evangelical Religion can only be retained by great effort and by a mighty struggle. Assaults are made on it on all sides. What with the open defiance of some, the indifference of many, the coldness of professing friends, and the half-and-half support of others, those who are staunch and loving and true must " contend earnestly for the faith once de livered to the saints." Eor our Church's sake, for our nation's sake, for our chil dren's sake, for the sake of the glorious gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, for the glory of God, let us brace ourselves for the fight. By union, by organization, by exposure of Ritualism, let us contend boldly — no surrender ! no compromise 1 no desertion ! " Hold fast that thou hast, that no man take thy crown." 