SATURDAY, SEPT 4, 1886. Another stage of progress - the cable of the metropolitan section of our tramway was laid yesterday morning. We trust it will not be long before the remainder is finished. Messrs Eastwood Bros. desire us to call attention to their stock of new season's goods. Many of the styles displayed are sure to meet with favor. A dramatie performance will be given by St. Mark's Mutual Improvement Associa- tion in the school-room, George-street, on Thursday evening next, for which a good programme has been prepared. Amongst other items are the Ghost Scene from "Hamlet," and the comedietta, "D'ye Know Me Now?" together with songs and instrumental numbers by well - known amateurs. We have received from Messrs. Stillwell and Co. Bradshaw's "Guide for Victoria" for September. In this number are given the fares to all the railway stations in the new suburban radius; the difference in the mean time of the Australasian colonies; the newly-elected councillors and mayors for the suburban municipal councils; also, the qualification for a city, town, borough, or shire. Messrs Patterson and Sons report having sold by auction on Tuesday, August 31st, 10,000 of the Metropolitan Gas Company's shares at the Athenaeum, Collins-street, Melbourne, at prices ranging up to £12 4s, making a total of £121,000. This is the largest auction sale that has taken place in Melbourne, the Athenaeum Hall being fairly crammed with speculators, who, when the sale was only half over, eagerly rushed the auctioneer's rostrum to get him to take their bids. Mr Jas. Shannon announces that he has removed into new and much more com modious premises next to his former shop in Brunswick-street. The change is a dis- tinct improvement, as Mr. Shannon has spared no expense in fixing up his new premises, which are now a credit to the street. He has also a large banqueting hall, capable of seating about 100 guests, which will no doubt b largely availed of by those desirous of giving dinners, banquets, etc. Mr. Shannon, since launching out into the catering business, has been universally successful in his efforts, and seems deter- mined to thoroughly deserve public patronage. His many improvements and extended business facilities will enable him to give even. more satisfaction than in the past. Mr Francis Graham, of Brunswick-street, our well-known and highly-respected fellow citizen, gave a most enjoyable social-re-union on Thursday evening, in honor of the 21st birthday, of his son, Mr. M. B. Graham. Thi extensive premises in Bell-street were gaily decorated for the occasion, and made an excellent ball-room; the company tripp- ing the light-fantastic till early morning, Alberti Brothers' band discoursing the latest and liveliest music. The refreshment tables, under the supervision of Messrs Edlinger and Goetz, were attractive indeed, and received due attention. About 30 couples were present, and the toast of the evening was enthutsiastically honored. We join with them in wishing Mr. Graham, many happy returns of the day. Last week, on Tuesday afternoon, Lady Loch paid a visit to the Vienna bakery, recently established by Messrs Edlinger and Goetz, caterers, of Brunswick-street. After an inspection of the premises and the process of manufacture, Lady Loch expressed herself as highly pleased at the extensive and varied stock of confectionery, cakes, &c.;, displayed by the firm, and particularly with the Vienna bread, which they have made a specialty. As the result of her visit, the firm is nows supplying Government house daily, and besides which the whole of the confectionery, etc., for the recent "at homes" has been obtained from Mesers Edlinger and Goetz. The satisfaction gives has been expressed by letters, which may be seen in the firm's window. It is gratifying to announce the progress of local tradesmen. and we hope that success will continue to attend this enterprising firm. Messrs Horrell and Mendell, 10, Williams- street, Melbourne, report as follows ;--All the surroundings of the local markets - commercial, as well as monetary - indicate that a change in business affairs is not far away. The. soft-goods warehouses have fairly opened their spring season. Advan- tage has been taken of the presence of many hundreds of country people at the Agricul- tural Exhibition by dealers in every kind of merchandise, and a good deal of business has resulted. Pastoral and agricultural interests have better prospects wool being in demand in England; wheat standing as 5s. 4d. ; and the weather favorable every where. The stock and share market is moderately busy, and, although investment . stocks are stationary, much is being done with mining shares. Very few transactions in city loans, although applications from the country offer freely, and 9 per cent. is given for leasehold money without demur. Thc banks are not depriving town clients of accommodation, and, as assignments are less frequent than of late, the financial out- look is encouraging. A new company is projected, for the purpose of investing money on account of British capitalists. We hear of a big pastoral syndicate, of which the public will learn shortly. Discount rates, 7d., 8d., and 9d.; interest, 4d., 5d., and 6d. 