All ©m sRory in Verso. Ho was a guileless college youth, ? ?'? That mirrored modesty and truth ; And sometimes at his musty room His sister called, to chase tho gloom, s One afternoon, when she was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As often she hurt done before, : There came n knock upon tho door, ? ? . ,. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jeori, Had only time to make deposit '?' ? : Of his dear sister in a closet : Then haste the door to open wide j . His guest unbidden stept inside. Ho was a cheery-faced old man, ?' . And with apologies began ? For calling, and then let him know .. That moro than fifty years ago, ??.'??'.'?:' When he was in hiayouthful bloom, ? Ho'd occupied that very room j So thought ho'd take the chance, he said, ? To. see the changes time had made. . . ?-. ' Tho same old window, same old view— i Ha, ha I tho same old pictures, too I ' ? ? And then ho tapped them with his cano,. And laughed his merry laugh again. ' ' The same old sofa, I declare 1 Dear mo I It must bo worao for we'ar. Tho same old shelves 1 ' And then he camo And spied tho closet door. ' Tho same Oh, my 1 ' A woman's dress peeped through. Quick as ho could ho closed it to. He shook his head. '? Ah 1 ah I the aamo Old game, young man, tho same old game I ' ' Would you my reputation slur ?' . Thejrouth gasped ; ' That's my Bister, sir I ' ' Ah I ' said tlio old man, with n sigh, ' Tho same old lie— tho same old lie I ' : An English divine onco told of paisincr a night in a haunted chamber in nn English castle. Ho described how tho ghost slowly 3talked into tho chamber, aud described tho armour which covered tho form of the mys terious visitor. ' But how did you get rid of this vision I ' crlod somo of those who heard the story. ' Oh, very easily,' replied tho minister ; ' I merely took my subscription book from the table and tho vision quickly faded away.' A lady, who was a member of a claRs studying art, concluded a recitation on llen jaman Haydon by saying that ' towards the close pi his life he committed suicide, A lady writer asks : ' Why don't bachc lors marry ?'' That's so- why don't they ? Oomo t& think about it, wo have not yet seen a bachelor who wasmarriod -It's lament ab'le. too, . ' 