THE RELIGIOUS GAUD-PLATER. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken before the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given in an English journal:—" A sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, bnt this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer-book, but, pulling out a ; lack of cards, he spread them before him. le first looked at one card and then another. Tlie sergeant of the company saw him, and said, " Richard, put np the cards, this is no place for them." " Never mind that," said Richard. " When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. " Well," said the Mayor, " what have you brought the soldier here for ?" " For playing cjtrSs in church." ' Well, soldier, what have you to say foi yourself? " Much, sir, I hope." "Very good ! if not, I will punish you severely." "I have been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy you worship of the purity of my intentions." Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the dence it reminds me of Father and Son. ' When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the fonr evangelists that preached—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, butfiveverefoolish and were shut out. When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. " When i see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from tlie great work which he made, and hallowed it. " When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world—viz., Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. " When I see the mine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. " When I see the ten it reminds mc of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. When I see the king it reminds me of the great King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. " When I sec the Queen it reminds me of tlie Queen of Sbeba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as be was a man. She brought fifty boys.and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for Eing Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for-water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. " Well," said the Mayor, " you have described every card in the pack except one." '* What is tliat ?" The knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your Honour a description of that too if you will not be angry." I will not," said the Mayor, " if yon do not term me to - be the knave." "The greatest knave I know is the constable who brought me here." " I do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave," but I know he is the greatest fooL" " When I count how many spots there are iu a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, ns many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I rind fifty-two—the number of weeks in a year. I find there are .twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in ft year, and on counting the tricks I find thirteen —the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pact of cards serves for a ' 'Bible,almanac, and common prayer-book.' - --- -TOWLE'S PEJWYBORAI. AND SXEEL PILAS rod FEMALES quickly correct allarregnlarifies, and relieve the distressing symptoms .so prevalent with die sex. - £OXBS,1E !|D *ND 2s Sd, of all Chemists. Sole Proprietors-^The Linooln ana "Midland Counties Drug Co, Linooln, England. ^ o S 