IRoveHst .. ? ...» CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OK THE WORLD. -By GROSVENOK, BTJNSTER. CHA1TE II IV.— (Continued). il course I do,'1 he retorted, jeeringly. nk 1 don't know you, sir, hey ? Better el do I What! Would yer?' th this ho rnieed Iris left hnud to ward . vp blow he shought I was about to strike . ;* I countered, and hit him under his 'itha strength that fairly lifted him off the p a, only to deposit Inm on Inn tmolc upon »' ''v-rellod pathway. My father, among U ,. :ar.ttev.H, had taught ma boxing, and in M :-??? irao through life I have found it a very K ? ' * accomplishment. ft t-evor, this heavy youth was no our. Wh ? up, and ' shaped' in a clumsy sort of M 'Jb?- but with euch energy that he split I €r ''I 'Biting jacket up the baok. He was I ''-.ah for me, so tbot in the course of five I ,-itea I lmd given him a boautiful pair of 1 ' Dvoa and a tap upon his snub nose, I Hi him more good in tho direction of I tomy than any surgeon's skill could I (ccornpliahcd with lancot or cupping I iat'3 enough,' eaid he, dolefully, aa the I itreamcd from his nose. ' My Word 1 1 3 pri eious shirt. Won't I get it from I ?' Oi, uo, rather not I And won't I jt pieon. I shouldn't say bo. Well. I y jacket busted. Good-bye, Barnaby, 1 ] boy. You're to lot. Tenders invited. M why? You're Q3 good aa sacked. S i j's I thore'a tho missus,' with whioh he m k into the shadow of the wall. But not H no tho lynx eve of my worthy aunt had H ) him. She called him, in a peremptory g ncr, and ho obeyed. A'ahout of laughter g ? from my lips as I behold him shuffling H rds the Rood lady ; his unwholesome, 8 'looking faca besmeared with blood, his m ' split from ' stem to stern,' hia long || irooked lega at lust a foot too far through I ' rouaera. He boked like n dissipated and ? ; iged grasshopper, arraigned before a oourt i s kind. 1 siy that horror and indignation wore 'r , natcly rcfleoted on my aunt's ooun ^ ncs i3 to say nothing. Tha impression :h her looks, her attitude, her fixed stare Barniiby convoyed to me, waa, that she , asincvidont doubt as to whether she was f , t the viotiru of some optioul illusion. nbtlees, she oonBidered whether it was really , , 3sib!o that any person could have so out p ' redfae sacred oharaoter of her domain aa 'triko one of her servants. Slowly her . _; ,azi tmned from Barnaby's buttered faoo to '''?? tune. It was smiling and genial. I Broached, doffed rny oap, and bowod to the 1 nm distressed, Madam,' said I, ' that ig to your servant's insolence, I have , ' comnolled to ohastise him.' , 'hon you- -you, sir, have been guilty ol nt. intraKO ?' ; uilcit, nnd ehrugRod my shoulders, and I ] i moment my father, aeeompaiiied by a y fat, heavy- looking gentleman in olerioa) , ; joined my aunt on the balcony. 'iiat is tho maiter, my dear EHon ?' ', tho hoavy cleric, whom I at onoe ~u iled as tho Ihv. Mr. Porter. II Htter I' exclaimed tho lady. ' Matter t; ih. A precious youth this son of yours, h »Oii;rr. Look atmy page, Barnaby.' \\\ My fath»r did so, and burst into a fit of itj' j shlor. Nor was tho Il3verend Mr. Porter ?-j& rn^tcsBod by tho ludiorous aspeot of his i i a ;e, who, in good truth, looked, with his ? | ollcn eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapi f \ 'a™ garments, very muoh like a defeated and I t jemowlifled dunRhill rooster. I To eay that the lady was dingURted is to i- '- *T lutlp. She oast an indignant glanoe at f*. i liushand, and then, muttering somo ; wtnatK under her breath, stalked away. Mr. : hotter told Carnaby to go to his room, and i wash hiR fsco- nm] i joinca my father. : 'Well, master Jack ,' said ho—' this sort ? '! 'iidb won't do. You aro already in sad I flisgraco with your aunt.' r 'i nm very sorry.' I answered, 'bnt ; really Sir, tho fellow waa most insolent. He \- caiioa mo a tramp and more than hinted that : I wjr a thief.' , /'Then,' interrupted tho roverondMr. Porter ; win omphnsis ' f oannot blamo you. You ?1 «rved him riRht. Tho fast is, my wifo spoilfl ^ mat lout, nnd between oureelvoa. I'm not , 'wry that mostor Ecipcgraca hfro, has taught ?; u''^.1(!s,Mn, There goes tho lunohoon boll.' ; , with tlu.--, ho led tho way, whilo my father J Pinching my ear, whiBpored to mo that ho whs not ani;ry, but on tho contrary pleased 'y.tho spirit I had Bhown. Aud as his good opinion was all I cared for, I sat down to ; lunnhcon in a very happy frame of mind. with my usual audacity I joined readily : in t io conversation which was uomowhat I «?! otlrricd on bv tho seniors at tho tablo. J- sm lresflcd myself to my oougins with easy jW.UrjTjty ; and Was in no eongo dotorrod ; '*»onnbiBoouvK#y the efforts thoy mado to onccu mo. My aunt preserved the most \- 'iRW uoruonnour towarcfa mo. This however, ' Jnn. not nffcot to notio°- In^oed, it afforded J°° 'on-° Ploaauro to ipnoro her oontomptuous ln« «y Rt1(lreSBinG aysolf to her ; in this I not H°OlUa3(:d ^ observing that my father took tho cue, and enjoyed the lnioohief. -.,, 'V a° you oall that Rrave yard a Rardcn, aunt?' Baidl as I trifled with the fnhini aIohlOi(3D- Mrs Porter stared; my wtucr grinuod, tha good Me Portor looked frightened, and tho girls glanced appre hensively at their mother Tno High Church butler however, turned asido to hide a smifo. My taotioa woro evidently to his taste. ' I oall it a garden, littlo boy, beoauso it is a garden': at length answered my aunt. 1 laughed, ' A garden 1' I canoed. ' I counted bovod daisies, all of whioh woro in articulo mortit, a debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or bo of demoralised looking wall-flowero. A garden, auntl' ' You are impertinent, little boy,' said my aunt with some irritation. ''I preaumo that wo may expeot to find oursolveB and our whole surroundings subjaot to your oritioiBm.' 'Nay,' I answered dopreoatingly, 'I did not mean to offend you aunt. I waa about to propose that you should permit me to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little or no sun reaches it, I do not doubt that I oould mako it bloom.' ' Come now,' oried tho good Mr Porter; ' that is a .handsome offer, Mrs Porter.' ' A sprat to oatoh a maokerol' grumbled the lady. ' We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault upon my pace.' ' I wbb jealous of his favor with you aunt.' I answered demurely. Sho could not help Joining with tho othern -» the laugh whioh 'oiiowea ; and in this humor left ua. _ 'And now,' said Dr Portor, 'we will inspect tho Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinokle. . If we reach the Bohool by four o'oloak we shall find him disengaged. This wo did. Having seen the Cathedral and listened to Dr Porter's diosertation there on, we repaired to Dr Wrinokle, whom w. round a meek and orushed out Bort of IHth gentleman with a kindly face andnervou-- manner — one of those men who, havinj. married a stronger nature, at onoe yield up all personality into her bands. 'My boy,' said my father,' it strikoa me tnat the grey mare is tho better horse. Ai the same time, thore is no Question whioh ir the more worthy. I like the Dootor. Ho cornea with ua to- night.' CHAPTER V. A LITTLE DINNED.. The two gantlemen now aooompanied us for a walk through the prinoipal otreets of the town, in the course of which we were in troduoed to several other oleriaal gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the Reverend Dootor Portor or the Reverend Dootor Wrinokle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England will romom uut meet) fjijuu, una win, i am Bure, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description ol these representatives- Clerical life in eucb towns haa beon ably dealt with by the latf Anthony Trollope. It is oharaoteristio o! English life, and ia seen nowhere else than in Cathedral oitiea. And it bears with it tW Bound, perfumed spirit of conservatism and dainty gentlemanliness whioh is nowhoro clar; discovered in tho ohnrohoa, save in the Church of England. The parsons of thi' ohuroh may bo prejudiood, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristooratio in their poli tical opiniona, but they aro essentially gentle mon. At leaat this ia my oonolusion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The dootors too, aooompanied hb to the Guild Hall, over whioh ancient building we ware ahown by the Town Clerk, a gantloian by the way, who died not many months ago at Ballarat. And prosently wo returned to Dr. Porter's residenoo, where wo partook of aomo slight refreshment, and where I learned from tho High Churoh butler that B.irnaby, tho page, had been put to bed, and that loeohes had beon appliod to his Bwollon option. 'Whioh I will say, f-ir,' remarked t\v butler ' they aro orful. Tha ladies in th/ kitohen, air, are delighted. For if ever then was a pup aa needed kiokin', that there Bar ' naby's one. But sir, bles3 yer, 'tis aa rmuV oh our plaoea ia worth to say a word atiY him ; Missus is so took up with tb.3 hu^lv himp.' It will be seen by the reader tbat I ha^ created somo interest in the minds of thos-- with whom I had come into oontaot. An'1 thia was what I desired. I oould never bea* to remain in the baokground. My polioy lw ever boen to push mysalf to the front, an 1 believe I shall show in the ooureo of thi. narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farowoll for the prewnf , Dr. Wrinoklo and my fathor and mysolf lef the house, and walked down the high street. Here tho Dootor parted with as. 'You will bo prompt to- half-past six Dootor?' said my fathor. 'R:membc.r, n; apology oan exouse a man whokeopsa dinner waiting.' ' True, true. I shall be there to th' minute, Captain,' and then the little mar walked off, muttering asidea by the dozen. 'A deoent little gentloman, Jaolt,' Baid mi father. 'What a pity one cannot say a^ muoh of the gentlewoman, his wife.' ' Sho IB an ogre,' I oriod. ' And did yor see her moustaoho, air?' 'Faith I did, Jaok; there was.no need for a mioroBaope to do that,' Then hfl ranrr tho tell, and summoned the landlord, Mr. Beoker. VIr. Beoker was tho very type of an English boniface of olden days. His countenance beamed with tho spirit of hospitulity. Ho was Btout and hearty, and red of face, and of msky voice. Ho looked as though ho had been suekled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from hia very advent into this world. Ho listened to my father's inBtruo tions with grave attention. 'A dinner for three,' said he. ' Dr. Wrinoklo — an excellent and most learned gentleman — yourself, air, and your aon. At half-past six o'olook. You may rely upon me, tr. and WlfVl n linnr nnd n HrMli*Tcli Via Inff: Tin in order to personally superintend tho pre paration of the feast. At six o'olook preoisoly oame tho dootor, sorupulou8ly attired in solemn blaok, and looking, for all tha world, liko a mummy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he oonvoyod tho impression that ho had been let off his ohain in order to enjpy a run. Hia face was puokorod with smiles. He laughed and ohuokled. Ho quoted Latin moralities for my denotation; in a word, he behaved vory much as his pupils might have dono under similar ciroura stances. At half past six o'olook Mr. Beokor an nounced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work- of art. A diBU of oysters precedod tho feast. Then oamo clear soup, followed by somo delicious eolen fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stowed oels. Ahaunch of Welch mutton oamo next with a couple of tasty entreo3. Sorao snipe served on toast, somo capital swoots, to whioh, with a youngster's palate for suoh matters, I paid partioular attontion. Theso good things, with a nobla dessert, made up a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what the Dootor thought of tho matter, but I cer tainly judged from tho expression of hia faoo that ho was at onoo dolightod and astonished. An aftor aaquaintanco with the* domeatio economy of his household explainod to mo that our littlo dinner must havo beon a revela tion to him. ' Woll ' said tho Dootor, as ho sat baok in his chair, and HurreptitiouBly loosened three/ buttons of his waifitooat. ' I must certainly guy, my dear Captain Abborton, that your hos pitality is overpowering.' ' Ah,' said tho Dootor, smacking his lips. ' an oxoellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Olarot for boy«, port for mon, but brandy for heroes. Ho I ho 1 Ho was an emphatic pcrnonago truly.' ' Wn nhould havo hoard but liltlo of him, Dootor,' said my fcthor, ' bad it not boon for hia,tondy, Uouwoll,' _ ' Positively you are oorrect,' returned the Dootor, as he drank off another bumper. VBoBweU'a tittle-tattle ia most ontertaininK.' ' £?y *ke™ olivea Dootor,' said ray father, ana. the little gontlomen oourteoualy aoocntet the offer. . Novor, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled oouutonanoer aa ita owner oautiouslv plaoqd an olivo in hia mouth. He puokered up his eyoa, twisted hia lips, and exproased in nia face the moBt exquisite disgust. It was evident that olivoa wore not to tho taato of the. little man. However, he bolted that . whioh he had placed in his mouth. ' Ahem I ' said ho, ' really, now, that waa an olivo. I havo road of them in Virgil, but positively never havo I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may bo your idea of the flavor.' ' Well,1' laughed my father, ' if tho truth must bo told; tho impression convoyed to me when I firBt ate an olive waa that the fruit had been preserved in what Bailors oall ' bilge water.' But olives flavor one'a wine im mensely.' ? ?? 'Do they, now,' said the Dootor, . dubiously. ' Humph 1 I think that I prefer the wino without the olivea,' and he dipped ? into tho olarot again. Ho was so simple, bo innocent in hia ways that really it was im possible to cheok the impulse of friendship towards him. And, prosontly, as the wine mounted into hia head, he displayed feptive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Ohloo and Stcphron, and bo on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us Borne little stories of his early college daya, when ho was 'a naughty boy, sir, and a sad, young dog.' In a word, he made himself very agreeable, and my father, whoso spirits were of that clastio kind whioh is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep, bsritone voioo that' rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to the- door an admiring audionoo of waiters and chambermaida. x ' Now, Jaok,' Baid ho, as he finished ' The Old Temerairo.1 Come, boy. Let us have your song. Sing us ono of the ditties Monsieur Tondeur taught you,' and he winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Berangcr'a ' Le Vin rt la Coquette,' singing the ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Dootor'a face waa a study. ' Blesa my soul I' he said, presently, turn ing to my father, whoso oyeB wore danoing, and whoso lips trembled ? from suppressed mirth. ' Whero did the lad learn auoh a (tonp.- Fienoh too. Wall I'm rusty as to French— but still, humph;' and he shook hia head and drank off another glass of olaret. My father laughed aloud. 'A young scamp, eh I Lootor,' he cried. 'You must teaoh him to forget hia Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have Hadly negleotod him.' ' Nay, nay,' said the Dootor, gravely, hold ing up one hand in deprecation. ' I do not U.:_l_ it. _ j. mi_ _!_?!? ? ? ? . _ luiun mat. xne laa is clover, no doubt, ana has picked up many matters whioh perhaps it would have been well he Bhould not have learned. But Berioua study will soon baniBh theee toys of fanoy,' and- again the Dootor paid oourt to the olarot. Ha had passed from the first to the aaoond stage, and was now aa solemn and didaotio as, a fow momontB before, ha had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'olook, and tho Dootor protested that ho must return. «' A married man, sir,' ho said.-with some thing very liko a hiocough. 'I must keop good hours. Bless me — what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to inform me — inform mo — how many there aro of you,' and he gazed piti ously atmy father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened aud denly, and Mm. Wrinoklo entered the room with the etride of a grenadier. Without notioing my fathor, sho approached her hus band and seized his collar. ' Pretty goings on, truly,' sho said, ' {en o'clc ok and not abed yet,' and she tugged at her ^husband's ooat. Tho littlo gentleman's imbibition of Bound olaret had aroused within him tbat speoies of valour whioh ia known aa Dutoh oouroRO. Ho struggled to hia feet. ' Madam,' said ho, ' what means this unseemly conduct? Aro you aware who I am ; who I am I' ' Come aionp,' said tho lady, ' who you are, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur loBquo upon a man. I should think I did. uooa mgnt gentlomen. Your hospitality haa been too much for this poor creature,' and with these words sho gave a audden tug and io hltlo Dootor disappeared with his captor through the door. My father Bhook with laughter. . ' There, Jaok,' eaid he, ' there you behold an illustration of the influonoe of lovely woman. I do not think that your mamma oould have distinguished herself bo graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You must see me off to- morrow morning. Wo Bball not Bee eaoh other for some time to oomo, after wo start for tho other end of tho world,' and he drew me towards him and kissed my oheek. ?' tfy heart was too full to answer him. When ' got to my room I threw myeolf upon the bod and wept bitterly. A sense of lonclinosa and desolation seized upon me ; I felt for the mat time in my life, tho utter misery of one who was about to part with hia true friend. I oried myrclf to sleep. In tbo morning when I owoko, my father was standing by my bed. His ayes full of tendernosa and aolicitation met mine he smiled. ' Come Jack,' he oried, ' up with you, I have only nn hour for brcnkfaBt and to reaoh the train. While you dress I'll have a litte talk with you. I jumred up and began to dresa hastily. Ueanwhile my father briefly inBtruoted mo that I was to write to him at loaBt onoo a month. He gave me twenty pounds, _' Of coursa Jaok,' ha said, ' you need not diasipate this large fortune. But you will need a little money. As I understand, there aro somo y oungstora at this Bohool whoso friend ship may servo you. There is nothing, my eon, whioh oan bo po readily bought as friendship. Be dieoreot, therefore, and you may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip.' Tjien ho was silent, sitting by the window, looking abroad with tbat self-contained look which tells that tho influence of all exterior matters arc unfelt. Ho was very grave during breakfast, and eaid but littlo tnoro aa wo drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, io warmlv flmhrfippfl mfl. fiwd nn nnvfpii. Blind with tbo toorn I in vain sought to control, I mado my way baok to tho hotel, and thorp, getting my trapa togethor, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If ita gloora had oppressed mo the day before, I felt ita influence tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled mo an I walked up the damp steps and rang tha bell. Tho High Church butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had oertainly found an ally. CHAPTER VI. I A3! COHDED. Received with formal cordiality by rny aunt and her family, I sat down to tho break fast, whioh they wore oaroful to inform mo thoy had delayed upon my acaount. Aftor thia I waa shown to ray toor/i, a ghootly apaitment, fairly furninhed, however, and looking out upon tho Cathedral yard. It was now nino O'clock, and I hastonod to school, tho duties of whioh had already oommonoed ern I arrived. Tba little dootor Iookod nomowhat shame faced an I saluted him, but aa I was careful to proserve tho utmont rospeot in my demeanour towards him ho soon bocamo -?»?? ca°p, and questioned w'- tnflntn. He told me that I must oommenoe forthwith the study of tha classics, concern ing, tho value of which he was most enthusi aatia. . ' The modern languages ray doar boy,' eaid ho, ' come afterwards. Tbo basis of an elogont education aro the classics. As for .Frenoh, ho added, with a faint smile, 'I am afraid you know more than I oan teaoh you.' With thia he handed mo my books and oon duotod me to my class desk at the lower end of tho large hall which served for- the aohool room. I waa mortified to find tbat my olaaa : mates were in all oasoB my superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to acqulro tho position held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my curiosity in rospeot to my sohool-fcllowa, and sot to work with a will to master the initiative otepa of Cro3ar'B Commentaries. My memory waa excellent,, and as I poosessed (and still posaesB) a superior faoulty for oon oentrating my thought and energies upon any oubjeot whioh I took in hand, I waa quite ready with my lesson whon the olass was called up. Tho Dootor was voryplea»ed. '1 800,1 see,' said ho, ' you and I will gat llong together,' and ho patted my head. At twelve o'olook tin work ceased for two hours and we we woro released. With rush the boys passed into tho play-ground ^whither I followed them. I was instantly sur rounded, ,. . / ' How. old aroy.qu, yokel,' asked a big hulk ing follow with the visage of a cowboy. ' What'a you dad gingflr,' inijuirod another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. ' Lat us oob him. Fine or oob, fine or cob, and the ory was taken up as half 'a dozen of the. bigger boy a seized me and threw me on tbo ground. ' Now new boy, said tho big follow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nota in his hand. kerqhief . ' It is tho oustom of this Bohool to initiate every comer into tho mysteries and oeromqniea of the guild. You have tho option of buying off, you know,' and he stood over me ready to strike. I waa furious, and setting my teoth sworo that I would have a mighty revenge. ' Tarn him. on his faoo lads,' oried the big luiiuw, ana in a tnoe Ji was Bet witn my xaoe ;o. the gravel. Then at a given signal, eaoh boy struok mo with his pooket handkerohief, ohanting tho while. ' ''New boy, new boy, why has he oome to us? Cob him, oob him, pugnis et calcibus. 3,6 he'll learn, so he'll learn dooendo decimus ; Lot.him know, that we rule, propria qua njori iiu, ,,.,- . , itwaa with the' greatest diffloulty'tbat I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and , without more ado walked up to the big bully who waa the ringleader in my torture, and struok him with my best atrerjgth straight between tho eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in thia caso rage and pain lent ma aaaea loroo. xne bully dropped upon the ground, Btunned and insensible. ' Now,' said I aa I brushed tho dust from my clothing, ' you fellowa have got hold of the wroDg pig by the ear thia time. I'll thrash you one by one boforo a month ia out,' and with this I walked off. As I left I turned my head tb observe that my bully had arisen and waa being supported into the houflo by somo of his, comrades. . ' Well Master Abberton,' said the Reverend Ur. Porter as we Bat down to luncheon, ' and how did you get on to-day. ' Vory fairly,' J answered, as I disposed of a shoo of ham. ' Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot.' My aunt looked at me, Bghaat. 'I'm afraid little boy (she used thia phrase o take me down a peg.) that your disposition or fighting will biing you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere you blaokened Barnaby's eyes, bo that ho is now unpresentable.' 'I fancy,' said I, ' that my friend the mlly iB in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not ohooso to be insulted or imposed upon.' ' In your journey through life,' remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententioualy, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. ?'I don't think I shall,' I answered, ' unless indeed it should bo expedient to do so. May I trouble you for another slico of ham.' I saw the girls glance at eaoh other, aa tha reverend Mr. Porter, first staring incredulously at me, proceeded to out me a minute elico of ham. 'Thanks' said I, 'another slice please. School work makes t- fellow hungry.'' Tho ghost of a gravo smile was to be seen for a moment upon tho High Ohuroh butler's oountenanoe, aa ho handed me my plate ; and I waa not displeased to note that Lilian tho youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt Bhe stared at mo haughtily. I met her gaze. .' What is it madam,' I asked. 'I was thinking, littlo boy,' she answered with a frown, ' that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent.' \- 'You ore light, madam,' I answered, ' though why the thought should havo oaiised you to stare bo at me, I do not understand.' AUQU JTUU JUQID IOOD W1U IfUUM X {^AVU J\JU credit for,' she replied. 'Possibly, madam,' waa my anawor, !,'I doubt not however, that my residence here will eorvo to sharpen it. But as to your judioioua observation concerning tbo impu dence of tho modern boy, I quite agroo with you. He ia an audaoious young oub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the causa of his impudenco may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is bo. The modern, boy objaats to ba snubbed. In his rovolt ho perhaps gooB to extremes, and bo snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation.' It is impossible to oonvey any idea of tho expression of tho roverend Mr. Portor's faea aa I delivered this little addros?. Always heavy and stupid of aBpeot, bis visage now ex pressed tho utter bewilderment and conster nation of ita owner. Ho tefc down hia knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grow darker ansho sharply rejoined, 'You talk too muoh, Sir, for a littlo boy. Children should listen, not speak.' 11 Nay,' I laughed, ' my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent follow, The Spanish saying doubtlcBo ap plioa to me : ' Poca barba poca virgutnza,' and I drank my small beer with aa air, 'And what may that mean young Sir,' Baid my roverend host, at last finding his tongue. ' Littlo beard Uttlo shamp,' I laughed, as [ glanced at Lilian, whoso bluo oyea woro danoing. ' Then,' said my aunt vonomously, ' tho sooner your board growa the better for your modesty.' And with this Parthian shot sho aroso. I flow to tho door, oponed it, and as sho pasaod out bowed to tho ground. It was ovidont that our relations were Boareoly of a poaceful oharaoter. When she had gono with her brood, tho rovorend Mr. Porter called mo to him. ' Have a glass of v.'lao my boy,' said ho. ' And I liko you none, tba lees for your impudenoo,' and tho roverend gentleman ohuokod. ' To toll you tho truth,' ho added, 'you aro tho first who has ever had tha courngo to taoklo her. It seama a strange thing for tho master of tho houea to say, Master Abborton, but the faot is my wifo is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don't liko her tompor.' . ? J 'And oo,', I lauRhwl- ?' '''?''?'* ' 10 P«.»-J ?? ' fl 