SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN couitiisroSDa.s'T.) VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting at Caulfield on Saturday was a highly successful gathering. The weather was fine, and there was on excellent attendance. The fields were large and the racing was good throughout. The principal race of the day was the Oakleigh Handicap, whichwas won by WilliamTellsomewhat easily. He was then backed for all the money on the Newmarket Handicap al 10 to 1, and then at 100 to 12. offered. Israelite, who ran second, receded! to 100 to 6 for the same event. The following are the results : HANDICAP HURDLERS mile. Mr. trillion's Vaiiiiciuilt,9bt. iib. (Battye" 1 Mr. J. Cohen's Royal Maid, list. 121. (FerRiison) . 2 Mr. J. I). Hoboitson's Mistake, list. of. (UM).3 Insolvent, Doringa, Sinking Fund, Fusilier, Chatsworth, Ther the, Footman, Equity, Bon Bon, Magnolia, Cervantes, Coolyte, and Vomet also ran. " Betting : 2 to 1 v. Vanderbilt, 6 to 1 v. Royal Maid, 7, to I- v. Insolvent, Sinking Fund, and Chatsworth; 30 to 1 v. Vernet and Fusilier. The field got off to a good start : the order at the stand was During a and Sinking Fund, together with Fusilier, Chatsworth, Equity, and Royal Maid, follows ing in that older, Bon Bon and Cer- varies being lost. The same order was maintained up the hill ; then Fusilier ran up third. At the fur turn Duaringa held a slight lead of Sinking Fund, and Mistake was fourth. Along the side of the course Royal Maid improved her position, and as they raced along the back Fusilier and 'eringa were at the head of affairs. Royal Maid entered the all night first, followed by Mistake. Vanderbilt, who was on the inside, came with a line rush opposite the stand, and catching Royal Maid, who was tiring, defeated her by half a length. Two lengths separated Royal Maid and Mistake; Chatsworth was fourth, Equity fifth, and Insolvent sixth. Tillie, 2 minutes 6 seconds. CriTEriON STAKES-b furlongs. Mr. J. D. ltoticitsonVi'licJXun, 8st. 3lb. (Moore) 1 Mr. S. li01 stall's Mistral, Ost. 1211). (Tomlin:)) 2 Mr". S. Mlilci'aMivnwyitliiii, list. Bib. (Older) . S Dividend, Damocles, Gadfly, Mainsail, St. Paul, Donald (late General Gordon), Again, Kingfisher, Richworth, Aqimmonte, and Master John also ran. Betting : 2 to 4 v. Master John, 6 to 2 v. Agnes, 10 to 1 v. Nun, Damocles, and Donald, and Co to 1 v. St. Paul. Much difficulty was experienced at the start, and there were several blocks away before the field got into motion. The Nun and St. Paul got away as well as anything, Kingfisher being last off. At the turn Munwyrtina was at the head of affairs' on the outside, Master John, the Nun and Mistral being in the lending division. Richworth led into the straight, but at the distance The Nun came to the front, and won by flu sequin tors of a length from Mistral, with Munwyrtina third. Time, 1 minute 46 seconds. OAKLEIGH HAKMCAJ'-6 furlongs and a half. I Mr. M. C. Morton's William Tell, 8st. 10lb. (Olilos) 1 Mr. J. Crozier. jun's Israelite, 9st. 8lb. (Weuzle) 3 I Mr. R. G. Sndl'ci's Silver Mine, 7st. Dib. (Robertson 3 . Coronet, The Ghost, Plausible, Ironmaster, London, Fair Ellen, Jumma, Xantippe, Duke of Athol, Oakleigh, Umbra, Breeze, Salvo, Autocrat, Leporello, St. Albert, IliglUniid Chief, Uliihimo, St. Odille, Delatum, Lucas 2nd, Seaweed, Islander, Millstream, Mia Cars, also ran. Betting : a to 1 v. Israelite, 6 to 1 v. Xantippe, 7 to I v. freezers to 1 v. Oakleigh and Duke of Athol, 8 and 10 to 1 v. others. , Some time was wasted at the start, principally owing to the anxiety of Millstream to get away. When the flag dropped they got away on even terms. Coronet showed in front, but as they raced by the sod wall Breeze was leading with Silver Mine next. Then followed Xantippe, Salvo, and William Tell. Deliuniii assumed the lead at the turn, and took them into the straight, closely pursued by Breeze, William Tell, and The Israelite. In the straight William Tell made an effort, and, dashing out in front, won by two lengths, Israelite and Silver Mine being close together, Delamiii fourth, and Mia Cara hist. Time, 1 minute 9 seconds. HANDICAP STEniarciiASE.-21 miles. Mr. S. Miller's Studley, 10st. 8lb. (Watson) 1 Mr. W. Dalrymple's Euchre, list 8lb. (Fet Susan) 2 Mr. G. Russell's Sailor, lust. Bib. (M'Govvan) 3 Lady Ashton, Morven, Pride, Progress, Hard Times, Roulette, and Patchwork also started. Betting: 2 to 1 v. Studley, -1 to 1 Morven, Lady Ashton, and Euchre, 6 to 1 Sailor-, Pride, and Progress, 7 to 1 Patchwork. Lady Ashton was the first to get away when the flag went down, with Pride next. Lady Ashton" led over the last fence, followed by Pride, Sailors Morven, and Euchre. Lady Ashton improved for advance, and as they ascended the hill she was loading Pride by four lengths, with Sailor and Euchre next, Studley bringing up the rear. Except that Lady Ashton got for flies away from the others, there was not much alteration in their position at the back. At the logs Hard Times fell. Lady Ashton was about four lengths ahead of Pride at the sod wall, Patchwork being third. half-a-dozen lengths in front of Euchre, At the next Lady Ashton came a cropper but picked herself up again, and took several jumps without her rider. Pride idea into the straight for the second time, with Patchwork and Sailor next. As they passed the stand the order was Pride, Patchwork, Progress, Euchre, Studley, and Sailor. They kept the same order at the side, and Pride was three lengths in front of Studley, at the back, with Euchre next,' followed by Patchwork and Sailor. At the sod wall Pride fell, and Progress and Patchwork followed suit. The only ones left in it after these accidents were Studley and Euchre, and Studley won pretty easily by two lengths. Malone, who rode Pridot got his left forearm fractured, but the other riders escaped without serious injury. Time, o' minutes 17 seconds. SELLING RACE. 6 furlongs. .Mr.J.,G. Bdci'sGolil Top, 7st. 4lb. iSiimlcis).1 Mr. C. H. T. Hall's jocular, 7st. 7lb. (Cope) 2 Mr. A. li. Robertson's Illik Ilattoinick, 8st. 7lb. (Foon) ... 3 First Light, Nuncio, Snip, Squireen. Brella, Straight 'Shot, Stoncmoke, Pan, Violet, line First Pop who ran. Betting : 3 to 1 v. First Light, 6 to -I v. Squireen, G to 1 v. Gold Top. Gold Top got away as wells. anything, and showed the way at the start, with Nuncio and Violet next. At the sod wall Brella was alongside Gold Top, with Squireen mid Jocular next. At the far n for home Gold Top had a slight advantage, Dirk Hatteraick, Snip, and Violet loving close up, followed by Squireen. In the straight Gold Top came to the front, and won by two lengths off jocular, 'Dirk hatteraick being close up with the lender. Squireen was fourth. Time, 1 minute 3 seconds. The winner was bought by Mr. Weekes, for £150, all of which went to the club. Jocular was also claimed, and went to Mr. B. Gray at the upset price of £150. n.vWKEKiivns IlASDicAr-\i mile and a distance. Mr. G. Wilson's, jim., lUiiitmiiälor, 7tt.'Jib. (Moore) ... -... 1 Mr. R. Hay nea' Gipsy's Warning, Cst. (Gorrick Mr. 0. Bainct'a Lesbia, Ott. told. (Tomlins) . 3 Grace Darling, Duration Don Quixote, Irraloo,Bohemian, Dunlop. Napier, Mentmore, Hilltop, New York, All Gold, Uncas II., Ditto, Geuoo, and Liberty also ran. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Duration, 5 to 1 v. Gipsy's Warning, 6 to 1 v'. Ringmaster, 8 to 1 each v. Irralee," Dunlop, and Lesbia. The start was a good one. Lesbia was quickest on her legs, followed by Napiers Ringmaster, Hilltop, and Genoa, with Duration last. This was the order past the stand, but after making the rum Liberty went to the front, having three lengths' lead of Lesbia and Gipsy's Warning, with Irralee and New York next them. At the back Liberty was two lengths in front of Gipsy's Warning, followed by Lesbia, and then after an interval came Ringmaster and Duration. At the sod wall New York showed in front, followed by Gipsy's Warning and Ringmaster-. Gipsy's Warning led into the straight, followed by Lesbia,- Ring- master, and Irralee. A great race ensued" up the straight between Ringmaster, Gipsy'sWnrning, and Lesbia, which resulted in a neck win for Ringmaster from Gipsy's Warning. Lesbia was third, Irralee fourth, New York fifth, Ditto sixth. Time, 2 minutes 26 seconds: 