THN Mf.lUHUl'RK rilKOI.GGV. [?] Sir —I am Sony 13x1 xdvsntage was taken of my sl.-encf fr, in bom. for . frw days to publish in \ our columns an .xsg- gcratrd ncionut of a sermon pleached 2; rn. if Triniif Qhuch, i wieh yqq ted i " »aa Hsy WVMW, AAnl lUQWi M U>« oppoitamty ot oorrsciing ;h« sUttniiM nidt lo jsu m to whxl I iiid ou ihs ocossioo. Among nv ncasiaiAncts 1 am texpsctad a« a man wno um tfis coo rags of his opinions, s»d to too thoughts intoMtad to bo ooavovodin tost mason I unflinchingly sdhoro, nlthongh it hovlng bssn for too moot port dslivoisd oxtrmporonootuly ono or two till chosen sxprtsoions might hsvo bson modi flod or uwitodr»wn.'' Tho toxt vw, Hobrowi xiiL. 11 ond 13—' "For too bodios of tooso b- whooo blood is brought into too »' wv " .7 htrtf(>r% -fimis nlso, thnt Ho Bight tattctifv own hloodnfforod wi'AMt toogita. Ltt thsrofore go forth onto Hib wTtoont tho etnp honring ffli rv proocha" Attention woo first given to tho troth hero escorted toot too btood presented in ell sin offerings nndor ths Lsvitkml low wu na on ntonoBont for sin. AlBOot nil ikixii nnd per sona obtained pnrifiootion or snnctiaootion by shedding tho blood of snimnls in sncrifiooond witbont shoditfng of blood wns no ro- Bisrion or ncqniiod onnetifiontion. Then n kindred rosalt it attributed to too deeth of Christ. Ho rnfforod ontxids the gnto f Joroonlom. thnt Ho might thereby oencUfy toe people with Hie own blood. Tm stoning no tore of Chriat'o denth conld hxrdly bo more distinctly Affirmed then it is bore. Then in chapter 9, 8-88, Christ's priestly work lo As serted to bo portly ti sooted on north, nnd portly in henven, in sobs inspects resembling tbe omeos of the Jewish high priests ; ths one ministering in an earthly taBplo. the other in n heavenly one ; tbe one presenting the blood of another anlBal, toe other presenting His own blood ; ton former offering his saenfieo ones very yaar, too latter ones for all ; the one btoodj nodding availing only to toe purifying of tho bodv, the other purified the cowsdenoe or oul. Too latest aatoantio attarance given in the sacred canon cams from toe glorified saints ia heaven. "Thou werest slain and hrot redeemed ns to God by thy blood," Rsv. 5th chop , 9to vtr. Hoavon is ooppoood to bo a place of portoct knowledge aad tanto- Anyone nttorlng aa un truth tone wonld he expoilod, liars being role- Etod to another plaoe, Rev. 2t»t chap., 8to ver. id that now, as in apostolic tiBss, bold, faith- fnl adbereaco to Christ's teaching, laws, and in- titaUoao Bay ax poos no to M rtpiWh.'1 After Bentally preparing Batorials for this RBoa, by an oxamination of Holy Scripture, I tuned to Bishop Moorhoooo'o iectore in the w Argns," 3rd Ssptomber, 1885, on the Gela tion Lopes, nnd discovered in it some bold as sertions, unwarranted by 8criptnre ; some bold denials, which hs concluded no ono wonld have courage or time to exaBine ; a clever not of old tbeologioal phrsese in oonveying now mean ings ; and too Atonement made by Christ's dsato qnite explained away. Any thing more anti- scriptural I have not read for a long tiat ; and if I have spoken or written a harsh or even pungent word, my excuse anst be toe excessive provocation. In toe first place Bishop Moorhoose appears prepared to eamndsr.of reject ths Mosaic account of the creation of man and the intro duction of tin into toe world. He save " In stead of talking about Adam as St. Pas! did. aad in that age must have done, with the Bible in hie hand, we talk about an original humanity existing on toe earth ages before the Scriptural chronology oommenoaaT' Now, ae the narrative In Genesis is ia ill its essential parte corroborated in the New Testament by numerous references to and quotations, especially by our Lord Himself, (Matt. 19; 4, 6 ; Mark 10; 3, 9) tbe qnery antes, will Bishop Moorhouse leave us any Bible at all that is worth ths having ? Squally reprehensible ii the defective aad therefore misleading view given ns of the character and status of St. Pool as an Inspired Apostle. In addition to tho foregoing derogatory quotation concerning St. Paul be says: " We see then that St. Panlwaa driven, not leee by the circumstance! of the time than by his own education and ordinary habit of thought, into a large use of old Testament figures and phrases. He eought out potato of eoaperieoa. Hojeisodnpon analogies, however slightly, and found them in corres pondences so remote ns to appear to us almost trifling. For all these reasons it la obviously unwise to Bake too much of sacrificial or cere monial phraseology in the writings ot St. Paul." In these quotations ha depicts tho inspired Apoetle as merely an ordinary man restricted to the ordinary means of acquiring theological knowledge. Is this fair? He cooly ignores (1) Theifact asserted by St. Paul that his knowledge of toe Gospel was acquired by supernatural revelation. " For I certify yon, brethren, thnt the Gospel which was preached of me Is not after man. For I neither reoeived It of Bin, oeither was I taught it, but by ths re velation of Jesus Const." GaL 1, 11, 12. (2.) That St. Paul claimed to be unaer th« in- I aliisble guidance of too Holy Spirit, K which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, bat which ths Holy Ghost taaehsth." I. Cor. 8, 13. The counsels and Injunctions which hs seat to tbe Corinthians were to be u acknowledged" as ton M command menu of tho Lord." L Cor. 14, 87. Nay, if either man or angel should preach any other gospel than that which Paul tangbt be was to be held Maecttreed." Gal. 1.8. And yet concerning tho writings of this In fallible 'apostle we are warned as u obviously unwise to attach too much importance to his sacrificial oroeremonial phraseology ! Tbe derogatory character and status at tributed to oar Lord Jesus Christ in the re demptive proooduro, and the degrading sup position txpiusssd concerning Him, seem to me little, if anything, short of blasphemous. w It was only by His death tost Christ proved His will to deliver ua to be the perfect loving will of His Heavenly Father. Before death even tbe moment before— it was still possible that He might come short of the perfeet rodeemieg love of God. By temptation or by oppression He might still have turned aeide from bis task- might still have been proved less the perisct Redeemer of man. NeVer e»y a man is perfectly good till He dies, ia the proverb of worldly wisdom. Hs may falter and fail even on toe Drink of ths grave. He is not thoroughly proved till his whole conns is ran." I behove that what is affirmed of God toe Father ia equally true of God toe Son. viz., that God cannot be succeeafolly tempted of evil, and that from the eseential and abeolato holineaa of His nature it was as morally impossible for Christ to sin ss it is morally impossible for God to lie. Then Bishop Moorhouse ignores what Bcriptors 'teaches -about ton connection hotwsn the veracity and sovereignty of God ia these transactions. The Divine veracity wm ptedflte _ to tte fnifileunt of a long series of minute prophecies counseled with toe sufferings aad dsath of Christ. " All things that were written in toe law of Moses, and in tbe prophets, and in toe Psalms, oon- oerning Kii'rwere to be folly acoompluhed. Not one iota was to fail. Nor was the sove reignty of God less conspicuous. Tbe Son of Man truly wont as it was "determined or Him." Luke 22, 28. Christ came into ths world for the purpose of Buffering and dying. The fac'., the time, many of ths detailed circumstances and horrors of His death, were not only foreseen, but were fore-osdained. Matthew and 27, 9, 10, 35. The -lea::. ui Car: it was God's act. "Ilim bviri' deuvf't-d by the determinate coon-el and fo:»- nowledge of God, yi kte thkan ami by wicked hands have tv. :;.d t.a n Acts 2, 23. " But thud® '.h.ti-- a!...; 'iO-it fore had shewed by mou... >' ... .... phets that Chrot -iiumd ,.!« »o fulfilled." Acts 3, i ,r ._,f te r lit..' at'A.U.-: toy holy chiUJeeiiM. whou. .:» i...-; i. i.nted both Herod and 1'oct.u- i .au-, uk« j Gentles and the people of ere a'-i ervd ' together for to do waatMoevur n. .i, i .ay counasl foreordained to come to aas. A-> t 27,28. (lievtosd versior.) But, if poesibie, et.I! more reprehennbie i.« hie want of fairness in bi? representation of Bcriptnre teaching oonoenuug the " bearing of sin.' He asks, "What gave this decisive importance to the death of Christ 7 It has commonly been said Christ's vicarioaa suffering in which be bore the punishment due to lbs sins of all ths world. This is oom&only; said and taught, but I am unable to And any thing about it in Holy Scripture. The righteous God demands righteousness, not punishment. J ssus is the Lrf>td our righteousaees, uot ths Lord our punishment. What God provides for us la the righteousness of God, not the punish ment of Christ What Christ bears for us is not our punishment, but ' our sins in his own body ob the tree.' He Bide Him to be eta (not punishment) for ns. Well, but it is ssaed, what is toe meanttg of sis here? Eurely it will not be held that the sinless Lord was sinful v And tf not, how can He in any way bear our sin, except by bearing our paoitb- ment t That is exactly hew al! uMoriptaral dogmatism creeps ir. fiim- particular phrase is taken, and then aa un certain and unauthorised inference hav.ag t«n drawn from it, this infervn c in utr%i» U2i>» the basis of aw endless lumber of othar tu fere noes. Tbs thing to I filled in ;u«mub h the fivK inference . ir.d Ucr Lr-.t m.i,' bearing eia aurane p'.m-i'mwo: ipcim to? m be Dtteriy anauthoi .«<( ' Nl,« MiJuf .-ud Bishop Moorboui-e '.o nn-,>r, . i te«r iDp of sin ueaoc tL« !>»ai . >' a nicre " irrfer«tji- ' Tha1 tbw ,« ' .CvCr'y 'ifi.ii'i. < \--eo ' ;nid t '>) That if . :he Iav. un-t h . ; lil'ifl-KT Ol bkgtUJAC »' ii/ist i::y HiLm -.r uiv re- />f :» ar.-i , -vflet ff.-.j. '.iiute- of M x .VnaLer- : ; (rd ..ki; t. >f I-rel h«D(.('Tib Cumo uvk ti.v u«ina.-v - .f -i.« lt»' they AlKl d.C J I.,-. -11 ,(- . "faay ; a?x-1 !.«' Sure:-, -u ' ti. pr.-FtM- pcnl.;y death. iiivic f tfirqf- nn'»ing ttbf ;>«nuUy preetTibwl wai r.i wiioi- i«v. I w "Thei«f'jr»«vrry i one U.r; y,iuetb it ohali bear his iL!')ai'.y ti. h« htetn profaned toe Kallowed thing of 1 be U'fd, and that svul shall be cut j off from amoi g b:-» jte-np'a (h. 20, v 17 " And i( a m »n »»i .11 t hit-i- icr. his fathers'? danchter, or his mother's tUughtei , , it ie a wickel thing. . . . tbeyshV.l be cat tft in toe sign or the people He shall bear his iniquity." NitmK l.l " Bat tbe man that ie clean, and is not in a Judrtdy ad forebareto to keep tbe pastover. even the same shall be cut off from among hie people, because be brought sot toe offeriag io his appointed season : that man shall bear bis Iniquity." In tbeiext last, incestuous persons were to bear sin by suffering the peiulty ef chlldleesueee. Lev. 90, 80: "If a maa shall lie with hie uncle's wife .... Thqy shall bear their aim ; they shall die chieee." Tbe disobedient Israelites wilderness bed to htM lib bv toe penalty cf sxolestes froffi the line of promiee, and for a season their children inevitably ohnrod io the ease punishment. The revised version of Numbers 14, 38, 86, U : "And |y our children shall be wanderers ia the wilderness forty years, aad shall bear your whoredoms, until your carcases be consumed In toe wilderness. After tbe number of the day iu which ye spied out the land, even forty aays, for every day a year, ball ye bear yoar iniquities, even forty years, aad ye shall know my alienation ; or, as la the Bargin tbe revoking of my promise." Indeed, general usage determines ths meaning of tbe pbraee. This ie uniform, ae for example : —Lev. 5. I " If a souk .... bear toe voice of ewenrtogwad le a witness ; if be do mot uttv it, bo shall bear his iniquity. 80 also in veress 17 aad 18 : " If a eon! sin aod commit any of thoro things, which are for bidden to be done by the commandments of tbe Lord : though be wilt it not, yet he U guilty, and shall bear hie iniquity. Aud he'shall bring a ram for a trespass offering," and iu Lev. 7 , 18\. " Tbe soul thai eateth of It shall bear bis iniquity, ch. 17. 16. If he wash uot then be shall bear his iniquity. Esskiel 4. 4 6, it is said to tho prophet whilst enduring pea- ance : "So sbalt ithou boar tho iniquity of too houeo of Israel. Thon shaft bear the iniQuity of the house of Judah forty days. Lie then also upon thy left side . . . according to the number of the days that thou halt lie apon it thou shalt bear their iniquity." In Kzekisl 18, 20 we axe assured " The son shall net bear the iniquity of tbe father ; neither hall the father bear the iniquity of tbe sen." Virtually this la only a repetition of the old law, Dent. 34. 16. " The fathers shall not be put to death for the children ; neither shall the children be pot to death fox the fathers ; very man shall be put to death for his own sin." In all these and in otofr like 8cripturt texts it is simply impossible that bearing sin should mean anything else than enduring punishment on ao- connt of sin. The expression occurs some forty times in tbe Bible, and always in the sense of bearing guilt or punishment. In the virions in offerings under tho law the victim bore the sin of toe offerer, and died in his stead. An expiation was thereby effected by the suffering of a vicarious punishment. This determines the natnre of the work of Chri i. Ian 63: " He bore tbe eln of manv.' "For the transgression of my people was He stricken." " Hie soul was made an offering for sin." " The Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of no all-" These all denote one and the same thing, vis Christ's atoning sacrifice for toe line ot Hie people. "Ae the Lamb of God He bore or took away the sin of the world by enduring the penalty of eln as oar substitute. John I, 29\. uHe died for our sine." I Cor., 15, 3. "He bore onr sins in hie own body ma the tree." I Peter, 2, 24. "And thns we are redeemed with the precious blood of Chi 1st ee of a lamb with out blemish and without spot." I Peter, 1,19. " Christ wee once offered to bear toe sins ot many. By his own blood He entered once into toe Holy place, having obtained eternal redemp tion for us." Heb. 9, 12, 28. If then Christ was a sacrifice aad aa offering to God for sin ; if He saves from the penalty of the law ot God in the same way in which the sin offering saved toe Israelites from the penalty of the law of Moses, then He bore the guilt of onr ins and endued the penalty of them in onr stead. We may not approve of thin method of salvation. The idea of the innooent bearing the sin of the guilty, and being punished ia hie stead, may not be agreeable to our feelings, or to our modes of thinking, but it can hardly be denied that such ia the .representation of the Script nros. Our only alternative is to accept that doctrine, or reject the authority of Scrip tures, directly or indirectly. That is, either to deny their Divine authority, or explain away their explicit statements. By no amount of sophistry, word-twisting, or hair-eplitting is the force of a thousand texts of Scripture to be evaded. But the most serious aspect of this question ia the apparent Ineconcilablenesa of Bishop Mootbouae's opinions en tbe Attoneaont with the Articles aim Formularies of the Church of England, to which he has repeatedly subscribed. The second article is:— "The Son which ia the Word of the Father, begotten from everlasting from the Father, the very and eternal God, and of one subetanoe with the Father, took man's nature in the womb of the Blessed Virgin of hex substance : so that two whole and perfect natures, that is to say, ths Godhead and Man hood, were joioed together in one person, never to be divided, whereof one Is Christ very God end very men ; who truly suffered. «u crucified, dead aad buried, to reconcile Hie Father to us. and to be a sacrifice, not only for original guilt, but also for all actual eius of men." Artie's 81.—" Tbe offering of Christ ones made is that perfect rodempiioA,propitiationod satisfaction for all the sine of the whole world, both original and aotual ; aad there ie none other satisfaction for tin but that alone." In the virions parte of the service for tbe Administration or the Lord's Supper it meets na at every turn. In the exhortation at giving notion of the Holy Communion, " And as the Boa of God did vouchsafe to yield up His soul by death upon the cross for your salvation ; so it is your duty to Tsoeive the communion iu remem brance of the sadfiee of His death, as He hath Commanded." In the exhortation at the celebration, we hear, " And to the end that we should alway remem ber the exceeding great love of our Master and only Saviour Jtsue Christ, Hie dying for us.aad the innumerable benefits which, by His precious blood shedding He hath obtained for ns," Ac, In the preface tor Easter day, " Bat chiefly are we bound to praise Thee for toe glorious resur rection of thy Son Jeeus Christ our Lord, for He is the very Paschal Lamb which was offered for us, and bath taken away ths sin of the world, who, by His death, hato destroyed death," Ac. In tbs two prayers before receiving the bread and wine are these passages " Grant us, therefore, gracious Lord so to sat ths flesh of thy dear Boo' Jeeua Christ, and to drink His blood that our sinful bodies may be made 'dean by Hie body, and onr soak washed through His most precious blood "Ac." " Almighty God, aad Heavenly Father, who of thy tender mercy didst give thine only Son Jesus Christ to suffer death upon the cross for onr redemption, who made there by His one oblation of Himself, once offered, a full, perfect, and sufficient sacrifice, oblation and satisfaction, for tbe sins of tbe whole world." Pr.iysr after Commnaiou : — "Moet humbly bewhmg thee to grant that by the merits and death of thy Son Jeoa Christ, and through faith in Hi? 'lood, we and all thy whole Church may obtain remission of our sicj. aod all other tern-' ;-' <>' His paf-Mcn." Ac. " Ami are aUo heir? i.'.r-arb hope of thy e v-er 1 ti,- singd.':.. by :-.e ru-rii 01 the most pteiiuo deaih. i. : ;». oa of u.r Jeai Son." Bi-l.op Mil -rr. <:« t tb- A' ,in«-'ne..'. tic.4 wi --..4 atl;. .-J to r. : re-.«tr-;l ' " n- timt ixi:ion with I .=»-„ . 1 - >.- that .r. prJ-f-tting thi- a'.or!Piu»>at ' '.'f.-rrt han.mtv in a. eh l'« ro'iid w : an.1 that -.n e H« berime » pr- ij'.'.u'ior. m giving the .-wer of a perfectly approvi'." aa 1 euboiseiv! w.ll to thai rf.v.at indignation which m« t ever be excited l»v the spectalru of detuknt wickedness '' How caii a mau entert.ua- ing this belief about the Atonement conUt- ently ?abecribe to the preoedmg extract? from tbe articles aud formiUrie of the Church of England ? £A few words more. To those moderately read in theological literature Bishop Moorhouse merely gave a rehaeh of the sentiments of toe German Rationalists. In describing those the Rev. Dr Hodge, of America, whom I have largely aaotes, gives the pith and marrow of Biaoop Moorhouse 'a lector# on toe Atonement. "He," that ie Christ, assumed numerically the same nature that had tinned, He sanctified it, elevated it. and raised it to the 'power of a divine life by its "anion with his divine person, asd He communicates thi? new, theantnropic nature to bis people, f.cd on the ground of what they thus become th-v are reconciled and saved. It 1? a favorite and frequently occurring statement w ih theM» -vr;'.i»r9 that Christ redeems ns, no', b.- wbat Mo doe? but by wbat Be is Thie iun''.ion of onr nature was it® redempt -u H umnr.ty, as <Wtvn«j from Aden: ik rcncfl ved <r. &h; a polluted r,re4uf isi-, wi.ich a ; 'tnfying element w in ro ai.id I.J Clt.-i. i rum Hin oaw arj r. voas fw Mi. 4- givmg What th.t. ieoomee of tl.<f4« who l;.»fii 1/oJora "nri.-st l( ci«: em no Urf- ai4ihr.ju»» life f r tiwu: luat be'afi »;"i the ,o"-,ircai.'-n. and Kfrea.i; 'aj-o » o» bte'Kward" Mvn are thi- -vrl b> the If: afUal-.-.n of (d.rtrt, and not hy Hi . 1 urif; noa. and we thu- obtain if: trttn 1 » (Fonpul. luih? bundrcnis r.' ti?;rauinF icru.p ivlimrern in tne Melbourne Tow a IlAi. Jj.hop M.jorhouw! ap (eared at: uitciied na. i.»!»djgy, a profound thinker, a OonragocuB in.uner, an original di- ovcrer. ami a lrt»,d rt|x<rler of hi? i.-ccvcfi.-r . w ti.e well . nforatad ii« iookud uiore l.ttt- te pi u'lanM opinions bf an a. or.pi -f.e-1 e -v bill Wi. :h OT) IT. 1 f.»s,Jo.|.- Pi 41,1 . gtef!:.-ril W.o'h haJ b««n f 'H fn-h»- I -.p tK/t-tet.uii tu » « vioijiJ c-arket by acme akufui >.u:rary oidUuthvs man.— I aui, Ac., JOHN WATSON. 1 ich February, 1S8»: 