Oity Olia/fc. By The Fahceuk. Got! save the Queen ! Such litis been the burden o£ our song for the Inst few day.?, nnd it is worthy of note Hint there is no falling off whatever in the enthusiasm with which we honor Her Majesty's natal day. Thirty thousand persons congregated on the gory field of [Moore Park to witness the manceuvring of our brave defenders. T\Venty thousand more filed out to llnridwick to witness the sport of Kings, and to come home fnl| of raspect for the lloyal Psalmist who said thnt "a horse is a vain thing for safety," and thousands more spread themselves around the many other pleasure spots for whieli Sydney is so famous. At Marrickville n woman was cut in pieces before her husband's eyes by the train, and at Leichardt four houses were burnt down, and a wall toppling over killed a fireman, nnd badly wounded four others In connection with the latter case Mr. Superintend ent Bear declares that the house in question was badly elected, and it requires 110 ghost to comc from its grave to tell us that very many other buildings down here are in a similar fix. It is snid that but the gutter pipes running down the sides one halt the faked-up houses in the suburbs would tumble down, but, like our continental cablegrams, this re mark requires confirmation. The Governor's levee was not the success that one would expect, nnd quite a nice little breeze is now being raised over the way our City Fathers have been sat upon. It appeavs that the Mayor and his merry men have been set down below the lowest in the Civil Service grade, and it therefore happens that the humblest roller of red tnpe takes precedence at our levees of the mighty man who bosses a city of three hundred thousand, inhabitants. Personally, the Mayor mny not care n fig for the slight, but the people do, nnd it looks to day a? if nothing short of n civil.wnr and rivers of ber-lud can wjpc out the insult. '' # # '# ' '' ' What n glorious thing is science I How wonder ous in its truths, how onobling in its study, nnd how particularly handy are its facts to . fill up the odd corners of n .one-man daily paper. The giddy' Globe, for instance, hns just startled its one sub-j scriber into fits by declaring that Professor Weisner has recently shown tlint: the transformation of cellulose into gum or mucilage is the result of a diastntic ferment, which is distinguished from other similnr ferments by being able to transform starch into dextrine. It appears to have the power of pre venting the formation, of sugar. What would in terest the Globe stall: more, however, would be the discovery of something which would prevent tlio formation of a mixture of glucose, wormwood, mix vomica' and water, into beer, and dog-flesh, sugar bags, nnd weevilly biscuits, into thnt mysterious weapon callcd the "sossidge." # # * How's this for high ! If all the Tcvtcrfiela Star says is true, neither Solomon, nor his !)00 wives, togged out in all their glory, were a ;circumstnncc to the Tcufcrficld ladies when they've] got their full .'war paint on. Speaking of n recent bun-oud-glory sliivoo up there The Star gusher modestly says " Of course, being an evening party, the ladles' dresses were not so elaborate as on the occnsion of a public ball. " And yet a little further 011 we read " As for a description of the ladies' dresses, why we would equire Ilaphnul's art to ilraw anything .like and adequate portrait of them Evidently, it would bo worth Mr.-Parisian Worth's while to stop roundnud take stock of the gorgeous t toilettes of Tenterfield. Now that the drink-question is claiming a fair share of attention it may be wji th while to note how they work the oracle—or tap the pump—in the hesd quarters of Iciuporance in Maine. No liquors are kept in sight in any of tlio saloons, nor eould a raider or 'informer, find any under the counter.' When n thirsty soul gives an order,,however lie may notice that n nian .who has boon,'lounging round walks to the end of the bar and has some.mysterious fumbling communication with the barman. Then the grog is produced, and tho'samo fumbling busi ness gonothrough afler the tot has been surrounded. The explanation of the. uiystery is that the" stock is carried in flat bottles in the pockets of the lounger, who is a sort of peripatetic Public-house, and lie simply strolls off with the lot on the slightest sign of danger, ; , : * -» * ! , .It wonld'bc liard to find a truer adage than that which says that one must travel from home to learn the news of his own country. Of late it has been tho fashion-for globe-trotters,to I'-do Austmlia ", arid then record their sago experience in a book. As:a' rule the less these' ingenious poisons know about thoir: subject the more -they write, but there, nre times when their records unintentionally drift into a humorous vein. As a sample of tin's wo have the tale told by tlio Hon. Harold Finch Hatton of the stylo in which justico is ladled out in Queensland. " A prisoner," says-lho voracious Mr. Hatton, " was brought in charged with having removed goods to the value of Is -id from n' store, Before'the evi dence was half finished a terrible frown gathered oii 'the magistrate brow.' Jamming his' cabbage tree hat well over his eyes, in imitation of the awful ceremony ofjputting on tho black cap, ho rose . slowly up, and pointing asliaking fingornt the culprit, said, !';Tnkc<'im away and ,'ang 'Ira.,??Beg pardon*, your worship;" said, tho constable, '! this is only a ease of: " Tako 'jm'away and.hang him'," re-; peatod his worship, more slowly and |improssively. thanbefore.. "But, your ?worship,!'-expostulated: tlio bewildered - official,.you.iliavo, nopower.!-. !" No power, just-ain't 1 though,"i shouted tlio now thoroughly, infuriated: magistrate. ' '"Ear what, I shay?—Take him awny and .'ang him," and subsid ing into his seat, ho was heard to addiiu a voice' of/ maudlin pathos, " And Lor' 'a,mercy on; his soul.".' ■'Seeing'thatyrqmqristranco .was useless, tho'constablo removed tho prisoner and afterwards" returned. "Takon 'im away and 'ung him?" asked the magisl tratepcheerfully.'Yes', -your -'worship." "Al ,right. :I sh'raiss cnsd;,y;r:From a Munchausen point of view,'Mr. Hatton lias nothing, to lenrn from arijv one, but, there really-1-have'boon judicial incidents.' Which, wokld closely como up to the one narrated,, 