CANST THOU SPEAK GREEK? SO SHE EDITOR. Sir—Eighteen hundred years ago this test sufficed to decide whether a stranger should be treated with the consideration due to an educated man and a gentleman, just as the statement Eomanus sum was a passport to supreme respect as a citizen of Rome's worldwide empire. Doubtless some persons will urge that since then the Greek language has ceased to be an adequate vehicle of human progressive thought. Yet every one can profess a kind of tinsel admiration for the wisdom of Socrates, for the philosophic ideals of Plato and of Aristotle, for the unapproachable dramatic power of the imbrilliant narrative of contemporary events written by Thucydides. They for the most part, however, overlook that experiment in autocratic government founded by Lycurgus m Sparta, and they lose the lesson taught by Solon that the supreme Dower resided in the people. The defence of the Pass of Thermopylae by 300 men against 10,000 invaders, the victories of Salamis and of Marathon, awaken sentiments of patriotism through all time. There are an.otg us men who pride themselves as critics of form and of art yet who only seem to itii-ember that they may forget whence can)., she marbles that sprang into life under tbe inspiration of a Phidias or of a Praxiteles. I hey talk of architecture without being able to admire the ghost of beautiful proportion so latent and so iri-mtable in the Temple of i/eusis or the P ithenon. Mathematical science applied to uitcLanics is shown in the immense monoliths, unequalled for size and exactitude of shape not only in the Cvelopean age but later in the Temples Baalbec and Palmyra. All these tianscendent powers, begotten in the ideal weie infused into the life of the people through a language, the outcome and the medium of living thought, ever active, till under the discriminating eye of the Areopagus Athens became the synonym of knowledge and refinement. Taking another point of view, the estimation in which the Greek language waa held may be gathered from the fact that the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Ortek in Egypt, thoa proving that it was then the acknowledged channel of current thought the world over; but if further evidence were wanting the burning of 200,000 volumes in Alexandria by the barbarous Turk shows how universal ivas the hold that tongue had upon the literature of the age, while tbe Niw Testament enshrines in the nirjestic syn. holism of the original Cttek the utterances of Him wh® Bpoke as none other ever did speak. I have thus, in the deejieciuL; gloom of a debasing utilitarianism, reviewed me heroic and palmy days cf ti c ci.i ah y, the philosophy, and the art of Greece, tiil we come to the revivified Hellenic nation of to-dav. The Areopagus aaain the Supreme Court, an Ucivarsity founded iu has l.oOO students and 72 Professors, a richly endowed giiis,' school, primary schools everywhere, lite and compulsory, Dight schools, and lectures. But " thought is born of rocks and j:ecius of hard times." In 1880 there were tv. n,ty five daily newspapers published in Greece, and yet there are people who talk of the Greek as if it were a dead language. V\ hy, " Greece has come out of her grave the only nation that has had a resurrection in the histoiy of the world, and ia beginning to build up her ancient glory in the kingdom of letters." Yet in our stolidity we cynically ask—C/t> bisnu 'i This leaving out of the curricula of our schools of the enthusiasm tbat lies tncysted in that glorious tongue in which, as Byron says of her heroes— 1 lie meanest i ill the mightiest river 1 oils, mingled with their fame for erar, shows how inglorious ease has debased our epttrprise ol thought and dulled the expansion of our souls. There are to be found these IY ho a fleet to admire the vulgar because outward and material form of art who venture to despise the language that was the vehicle of all its imagery and of all its power. Such thoughts as these have presented them- Sflv ef to the mind of an interested watcher ot the birth throes of our new University. Its heterogeneous members have little stgr< gative force. The factor of school-lore, gained under ether conditions, has had to make affinity with the want of knowledge raised into importance by social position. These two dements, if such they may ba called, are sure to be striated into rivalries and cliques, with a strong infusion of readout divtigencies superadded. Wearied by faction fighting, as is mostly the case with democracies', the trustees of the public welfare sink into repose at the feet of Bome stronger mind which offers to take off the hands of those who undertook tbe responsibility a task the; have found too irksome. Thus, however much the study of the Greek language would inspire the rising manhood of our country with the fervour of its mighty genius, they reck not to that they can be eased of a troublesome duty. But do we not live in a commercial age? The question to be considered is how much will the knowledge of Greek add to our income. The doctrine that "not by bread alone doth man live" is now exploded. He is but a machine to eat, to drink, to do business, to be merry, and when his corporeal tenement becomes dilapidated, to die. But to learn Greek, the menBtruum in which is suspended all the grandeur the human intellect has ever achieved—that is too much. The German of yesterday, the sing-song of the vivacious French. Why shonld we think? It is too troublesome. Moses ia dead, the prophets are dead, but the Greek nation is not dead. Like hidden fire, the _ enthusiasm and magnificence of its glorious past is bursting forth again, and like a lightning-flash it will arouse to action every being worthy of its impulse. No man can reach the highest possibilities of his nature, whether in art, science, political economy, or religion, with the thonsand and one other developments of which his hidden nature ia capable unless he comes into close communion with the mighty agonies of genius that can alone be revealed to him through the living channel of the Greek tongue."Canst thou speak Greek ? I am, Sir, &c;„ ALPHA. 