„- A QuostLon of Proprietorship. . ,, Wentwortb. ' Tom thia is— a— ah— gen- iioman who olaims to be the original possesaor of thia akeleton.' ' Ah — dispute aa to ownership, eh ?!' 'That tendenoy,' answered Wentworth. ' Ho is, in faot, a— well, a ghost.' 'A what?' ' The gentleman has been dead for some timo,' put in Smilie, the task of explaining , having seemingly got beyond Wentwortb. And whilo alive thia wan hia akeleton.' » Oh, coma now, Smilie, what are you giv ing ub.' ; ' Faot,' said Smilie, 'just tossed thia ruler through him. Try it.' Fulmer hositated. ' It will perhaps convince you quiokor than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in ^ tho leaBt,' aaid tho apparition. Fulmer tossed ' the ruler, with the came result as beforo. He ; was very short-6ighted and ho adjuated his ; eyoglnsaea and peered across tho table at the ghost, who stood impassively as he had dona from the first. 1 ' I say, Wentworth, just strike a light will | you.' | Wentworth lit the large, lamp that stood on top of tho bureau. Tho ghost appeared an . ordinary-looking man, dressed as any man. might, ba. Fulmer, with corrugated brow, ' gazed at. him whilo Smilie and Wentworth felt a sort oi momentary pride of ownership, aa it their possession of the skeleton gave them n kind of nronrietorshin in the sneotre. The amiable skeleton, which now shone whito in the bright light, seemed to beani in a benevolent w»y on its formor owner. . ' Sit down,' said Fulmer, ' I hata to talk to a — person— Btanding.' . s ? ? The spectre Bat down. ? _ j 'Now, what use is this skeleton to you? ' began the young lawyer, his professional in- ( atinot getting the better of hia amazement.' ! 'That, if you .will pardon me, ia no oho'a. business but my own. I may Bay I want it placed where I will know where to find it— or I may say that I don't ohoose to havo it re main here, the aubjcot of aooffing and con tumely. ? ' Oh, you're wrong there,' aaid Wentworth. 'We both have the greatest reopaat for John W. He is a guide, philosopher, and friend—; as well as instructor.' ' Just let mo handle this caso,' said Ful mer with a- backward wave ot his hand. ' Now, what Bhall I oall you 1' ' What you please,' 'Woll, wo will say the plaintiff.' Now, plaintiff, in tha first place you would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that thia is your akeleton. j We, deny , hat it is ypora.'| ' - ? k . . L '.Of oourse wo do,' put in Smilie. We bought tho body and John wired it.' ' I don't mean that. The defence takes tho ground that this partioular skeleton is hot the bones of tho plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgers, dcceasod. Now it would reat with yoa to prove that this was your akeleton, and aa people are not in the habit of having a private mark on their skeletonB, I flatter mysolf we -would have you right at tho beginning of tho enso.' ' Yoa nro a .very young lawyer,' replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. 14 If you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find tho one on tho left lower eido next the back filled with silver, and, if neces Bary, I onn tell your intelligent jury the sort of cap that is under' the ailver to oover the norvo that onoe wna there.' All the young men looked at J. W., who, as if enjoying thp point made by its other solf, suddenly clioked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmor with its silent laugh. Wentworth took up the lamp and looked at tho lower jaw. ' Yob, Fulmer,' ho aaid, ' that's so.' ' Well, we'll waive that point — we'll waive that point,'! said the young lawyer, with ill affected airiness. ' I think you might n8 well,' said the ghost dryly. . ' But tbo real nub ot the ease would bo in thia : Can a man onoe dead lay claim to any part of the property ho owned while alive ? I don't recolleot any parallol case to yours ex actly, but I have some knowledge of the atatutea of Michigan,' this modeatly, and I 'think all tho tandenoiea of law would bo against you. When a man is dead thero is no question but that hia noxt of kin have th« ri(jht to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. Thoy might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely dono in first-class eooiety. Now the point I would make before a jury would ba ? ' 'I have no wish to discuss law with yon. I havo demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether you aro willing or not.' 'Just write that down, boyB,' said Fulmer. ' He hints at burglary.' ' Seo here,' aaid Wentworth, ' yon are not the man we diseeotod. I believe you're a fraud.' ' Do you ?' returned the ghoBt. ' I'll eon vinoe you in order to save myself further trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer.' ' And with that the figure beforo them was an.exaot oountorpart of young Fulmer. The next instant the ghost was himself again. ' By jove,' Baid Smilio, 'what a aplendid lightning change artiat he would make.' 'Say,' said Fulmer, 'what would yon take, for a night at tho big hall? You oould per Eonate the head of the University and sing, ' I want to be an Angel ' with splendid ' effect.' 'I am in no mood for chaff,' said the speoter, severely. 'Finally, will you give up my akeleton ?' ' Let him have his old bones,' said Smilie, 'I certainly will not,' cried Wentworth, ' Why, Smilie, I had to drill 150 holea in that akeleton. No, sir I J. W. Stodgers remains here.' ' Remains is good,' said Fulmer. ' Well, Mr. Wentworth, whon you get tired of tho 'fight just give that akeleton a decent burial.' With that t.ho ghost was gone. 'So long,' cried Smilie. 'What are yoa going to do, Weutworth ? It's you and the ghost, it aeom3.' ? \ 'Do? Why, keep J. W., of oource.' ?Next day there was an astounding oharga against Wentworth. A passenger coming np from Detroit by the early train had beon met on. the road from tho station by a student exaotly answering Wentworth'a description, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and tho passenger would have nndoubtsdly been robbed if two others coming along had not frightened tbo oulprit, who escaped. Nothing but Smilie'a solemn oath that Went worth was asleep at tho time — itwas Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was scandalised as it oame from ohuroh by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The professors hnuled him over the oonls, and it was in vain that he protested he had spent the day worthily, trying to oatch fish up the river. He went home mad and, aa J. W. grinned at him aa he came in, ha seized the ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. The rnler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its speotral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend class. Smilie loft him and wended hie way to college. He had just taken his seat while the ProfeBBor was jotting down names prepara tory to a ' quiz' when an unearthly yell at traoted all eyes to the top tier of seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There stood Wentworth on the back of the highest ssat. ' One, two, three, look out tor me,' he Bhouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of the Beats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on the ' Bubjeot' that lay covered up on the revolving plank, then sprang among, tho lady students who, Ecattdred screaming, and thenoe up to the top of tbo opposite tier. 'Novf lor a jump across the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of this oirons.' ' Catch him,' ahouted somebody. ' He's inBano.' ... At that Wentworth made for tbe_ narrow stairway, Smilie and another after him. He beat them easily aoross the campus .and ent- . ered the door of hia boarding placo. When tho two students burst into the room ; they found Wentworth sitting doofully look- ; ing at the damaged front of Btodgers, and | he awore ho had not been out that morning. ; Next day ho got notice of dismissal from ; tho University. ; As ho eat by his window stubbornly refus ing to be conquered by a gbost, and yet awnre that perhaps some people would not believe the whole story if ho told it, he saw his double on tha opposite Bide of the street. ' By Georgo I' ho oried, I'll have ? it out with him. If they Bee us both there they'll believe my story. ' . ' i. He seized the ruler and started out. The|; ghost looked behind him, and thon it too had i a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postofflce tho ghost came suddenly up to a group of men, hit out right and left with the clnb, struck a policoman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. Tho _crowd_ pursued. Ab it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth wns j in the hands of the outraged constable. j From tbe lockup the dejected young mani wrote to Simlio : ! For my Bako, bay a ccmetry lot and buryl John W. Stodgers, ohargingthe cost to mo.[ Yours. | WESTWOBTII. ; That ended the fight. Wentworth, I regret 'to say, is hot the flrst atudont .who' eame^-to ?grief by letting spirits get the better ? of bim. 