PASTORAL LETTER. STEPHEN, To the Faithful of the Diocese of Sandhurst. BY THE GRACE OF GOD, AND FAVOUR OF THE APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OP CEKAM, AND COADJUTOR OF SAND- HURST. DEARLY BELOVED,—The end assigned to man on earth iB to know, to love, and to serve God. Fidelity in the discharge o! this threefold duty will entitle him to never ending happiness in the kingdom of heaven. We can never sufficiently thank God, who has no need of us His creatures, for having placed us in a position in which we can claim as ours such a magnificent inheritance. Raising our eyes to heaven, we should cry out, like the Israelites of old in sight of the Promised Land—"Let ns go up and possess the land, for we shall be able to conquer it." (Num. 13.) In the struggle In which we are engaged we shall, no doubt, have to contend against many difficulties. "The kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent carry it away." Our relatives, our friends, our occupations, our passions, our pleasures will throw obstacles in onr way. But " Why are you fearful, Oh, ye of little faith." (Matt. 8.) Jesus Christ, who calls us to victory, who stretches out His arms to receive us, shall strengthen us by His grace and encourage us by His example. The saints among whom we fondly hope that we can count many dear relations and friends surmounted all obstacles, braved all dangers. Why should we then be disheartened ? We have only to consider the weighty interests that are at stake, and we shall not hesitate to make the sacrifices that God requires at our hands. It is a question of the everlasting happiness or misery of the souls entrusted to our care. What more noble, what more precious than the soul of man? Brought into existence not by a word of authority or command like other creatures, but by a breath, a sigh drawn from the depths of the bosom of God's love. " And the Lord God formed man out of the slime of the earth and breathed Into his face the breath of life, and man became a living soul." (Gen. 2.) The human soul, a spiritual, an Invisible, an immortal substance, formed by God to be a forcible Image, a lively expression of His perfections and greatness. Shall we fail to promote the welfare of this soul redeemed by the labours, the sufferings, and death of our beloved Saviour ? Shall we not rather show our gratitude to God by the good use we make of tbe means He hss graciously placed at onr disposal to secure Its future happiness ? This good God has supplied us with all that Is necessary for us, in the order of nature and grace. All other objects were brought into existence for our use and benefit. AN for the sake of the eleot, as the Holy Scripture testifies. Considering the exalted position that man occupies among creatures brought into existence to make his sucoesa more easy of attainment, the Royal Prophet crieB out, in an excess of holy admiration—" Thou hast placed bun over the works of Thy hands. Thou hast subjected all things under bis feet. (Ps. 8.) In the order of graoe God gives us the most convincing proofs of the Interest He takes In our welfare. Our first parents transgressed the Divine command, and thus brought ruin and destruction on their whole posterity. ID consequence of their disobedience we came into this world deprived of original justice and sanctifying grace; we were born children of wrath. If God had allowed us to die In this state—and such a course would not be Inconsistent with Divine justioe—we would be for ever exolnded from heaven without any hope for eternity of enjoying the beatific vision. But God, moved to compassion at the sight of the miseries man had brought upon himself by his perversity, determined to give another proof of His anxiety to promote our eternal welfare. He sent His own Beloved Son into this world to take upon Himself our infirmities, and to offer Himself aB a vlodm to satisfy the justioe of Hta Eternal Father. Oar Blessed Lord had but one object In faring His whole life on earth—to point out by His example and Hlu teachf' ^e manner In which we should live L please God and Have our soule. He placed Himself in every position whtoh we could occupy, in order that we might learn from Hie example to be faithful in ibe discbarge of the duties of our respective states. Human misery in every shape filled His tender heart with compassion ; He sympathised with the poor, whose wants He relieved ; He poured joy and happiness into the hearts of persons despised by the world ; He was a physician to the sick, and more than once exercised His miraculous power to restore them to life and their friendB, if they had already paid the debt of nature ; in a word, He went about amoDgst meD, as the Scriptures tell us, doing good. Whenever Be spoke in public He was listened to with rapt attention by the vast multitudes attracted by the sublime doctrine He taught in the most simple language. Many who cannot bring themselves to live In oonformlty with the maxims of the Gospel do not hesitate to express their admiration of the excellence and wisdom of the code of morality He preached. When the labours of the Pagan philosophers in the Interests of literature shall have been forgotten, their authority despised, and their works no longer read, the Sermon of the Saviour on the Mount shall be studied with pleasure and advantage ; Its maxims shall be followed, and its spirit shall point out to man the way to heaven. Our Blessed Lord foresaw that all things that had been foretold of Him by the prophets should be accomplished; that He should be scourged at a pillar nntll, as Isaiah had said—"From the sole of His foot unto the top of His head there is no soundness therein." That He should be condemned to death and led like a sheep to tbe slaughter, and that He should be crucified and end hiB mortal life on the oroBS. Hence it is, that at the near approach of this event, He resolved to take the necessary steps to secure the stability of the kingdom He came on earth to establish. He chose from among His followers twelve apostles who could not boast of learning or Influence in a worldly sense, and to these He afterwards gave the command to " Go forth and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." (Matt. 28.) He wished to show the world, by tbe weakness of the instruments that He used, that His church is the work of tbe right hand of the Most High. The prophecies are fulfilled. Christ dies. "Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit. It is consummated." But the grave did not keep him long a prisoner within its narrow preclnctB. As David had foretold—"God did not allow His Holy One to see corruption." (Ps. 15.) By His resurrection on the third day He triumphed not only over death, but proved to all ages that He, who was offered because He willed it, was true God. Our Beloved Saviour did not ascend into heaven Immediately after His resurrection. " His delight was to be with the children of men." Hence it 1b, that during forty days He appeared from time to time to His disciples, confirmed the promises he had previously made, and pointed out to His apostles the means they should employ to carry on successfully the important work with which He had entrusted them. The Saviour of the world had frequently during His lifetime intimated that, with a view of maintaining unity in His kingdom, He intended to appoint St. Peter head or chief of the apostles. In the ICth chapter of St. Matthew we read that when St. Peter confessed his faith in the divinity of Christ, Our Lord said to him—" Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, because flesh and blood hath not revealed it to thee, but My Father who is in heaveD. And I say to thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth it shall be loosed also in heaven." Again, as related in the 22nd chapter of the Gospel according to St. Luke, Our Lord addressed these words to Peter—"Simon, Simon, behold Satan bath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat, but I have prayed for thee that tby faith fall not, and thou being once converted, confirm thy brethren." Here the Divine Founder promises that the Church built upon a rock presided over by Peter, for whom He bad prayed, and who can count upon His assistance even to the consummation of the world, shall ever repel the attacks of her enemies, and triumph over the persecutions and dangers that the powers of darkness shall raise up against her in after ages. The promises of a loving Saviour to St. Peter were confirmed immediately after his resurrection. Ia the 2lst chapter of the Gospel according to St. John we find these words—"When therefore they had dined, Jeaus saith to imon Peter: Simon, son of Jonas, oveBt thou me more than these." Peter, oo humble to say that he loved his ivine Master more than the other disiples, replied in the simple words— Yea, Lord, Thou knoweBt that I love hee." He said to him—-" Feed my ambB." Christ proposed this question a econd time, with the same result. He aith to him a third time—" Simon, son f Jonas, lovest thou Me more than hese." Peter was grieved because He bad aid to him a third time—" Lovest thou e ?" fearing, no doubt, leBt his Master discovered some hidden imperfection in is heart, and he saith to Him—" Lord, hou knonest all things, Thou knowest that I love Thee." He saith to him— " Feed my sheep." By these words Christ conferred on Peter the plenitude of power and jurisdiction, commissioning him to feed His lambs and sheep, to rule and teach His whole flock, pastors, and {people as the one Supreme Head and Chief of the entire Church. This word " feed" is frequently used in Scripture In the sense of to rule or govern. Thus, when God promised David the kingdom of Israel, He said to him—" Thou shalt feed My people Israel, and thou shalt be a Prince over Israel." Our Beloved Saviour haviog established His Church on a firm basis, assembled His apostles on Mount Olivet, on the fortieth day after His resurrection, and, having given them some final instructions—" He was raised up, and a cloud received him out of their sight." (Acts 1.) The Apostles returned to Jerusalem, and withdrew to an upper room to weep over the malice and obstinacy of tbe Jews, and to prepare themselves for the coming of tbe Holy Ghost tbe Comforter, who had been promised to them—" And when the days of PentecoBt were accomplished, they were all together in one place, and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a mighty wind coming, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting, and there appeared to them parted tongues, as it were of fire, and it sat upon every one of them, and they , were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues, according as the Holy Ghost gave them to speak." (Acts 2.) This remarkable event—the descent of the Holy Ghost— produced the most wonderful change in the Apostles. They, who had previously been subject to tbe weakness and imperfections common to man in bis fallen state, were no sooner enlivened by the Spirit of Truth than they came boldly forward, regardless of personal risk, to publish the sublime truths taught them by their Divine Master. The vast multitudes assembled in Jerusalem on that day, speaking different tongues, were surprised to hear the works of God published in a language intelligible to all. Carried away by the eloquence and forcible arguments of St. Peter, who showed clearly the accomplishment of the prophecies in the events passing before their eyes, over three thousand persons had the happiness to embrace the true faith and be baptised. Such was the extraordinary success that attended the first labours oi the Apostles. Tbe Saviour had often told them that the world would hate and persecute them. In effect, the devil, maddened at seeing so many souls wrested from his power, stirred up a cruel persecution against the infant Church. The impious war against God and religion, which continues even in our own times, commenced at that remote period. In each succeeding year, as the Spouse of Christ seemed on the point of falling a victim to the fury of her enemies, they with fiendish joy chanted forth their song of triumph. But on the eve of victory, which they imagined already secure, the powerful Hand of God intervened. They were scattered to tbe winds, whilst the Church gained additional glory by this new triumph. The Jews then turned all their rage against tbe Apostles, who taught in their midst that the shadows of the Old Law had passed away, and that a new and brighter era had dawned upon the world. They had to fly from the city, dear to them by so many sacred associations, and seek in other lands the safety denied them in Jerusalem. Persecution thus gave occasion to tbe fulfilment of the precept of the Redeemer, by which the faith was can ied to every nation— " Go ye into the whole world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." (Mark 16.) The dawn of Christianity on tbe world was indeed a glorious epoch. It was accompanied, however, as we have seen, by tribulations and difficulties. The Church could well say, in the words of St. Paul (Col. 1, 24)—" I fill up those things that are wanting of the sufferings of Jesus Christ." Nothing, it is true, was wanting in the passion of the Saviour, but it would be wanting in us were we unwilling to suffer with Him. Burning with zeal to promote the interests of the Church of which he was the Supreme Pastor, St. Peter looked around him for some place whence he could make his voice, convening the good idings of salvation, more easily heard hroughout the universe. With this bject in view he removed his See from ntioch, where he bad resided for some ears, to Rome, which was at that time in ommunication with all parts of tbe ivilised world. Here in the very stronghold of idolatry he condemned the superstition of tbe Pagans. Within hearing of the mighty emperors, who were regarded by many of their subjects as gods, he proved tbe necessity of embracing tbe religion of tbe humble Saviour who had poured forth Hie life on the rough wood of the cross. All who had the courage to become His followers were subjected to the most refined tortures that human malice could suggeat. St ; Peter was seized upon, cast into prison, condemned to death, and finally expired on the cross—an instrument of punishment that had been sanctified by the blood of his Divine Master. The storm raged with few ntervals of calm for nearly three centuries, during which time few Popes were allowed to pass away from the scene of their labours by a natural death. The blood of martyrs, however, became tbe seed from wbich an abundant crop of Christians sprang up. Years rolled on, and at length the Church had the happiness to see one of her children seated on the throne of tbe proud Csesars who had threatened with utter destruction her youthful existence. Truly may we exclaim in the words of tbe Psalmist— "This is the Lord's doing, and it is wonderful in our eyes." (117—23.) Although the Boman Empire soon fol lowed the example of its Sovereign, tbe Church had still to contend against tbe assaults of numerous and powerful enemies—men who were impntient of the restraint that the rigid morality of tbe Gospel imposed upon their passions, threw off allegiance to the Spouse of Christ, and adopted theories more favourable to the rieraauds of their corrupt inclinations. Impiety raised its standard, on which was written undying hatred of God »nd religion. Indifference had also its advocates and followers who declared a merciless war against Christ's Kingdom on earth. Under the standard of Impiety were found these so-called philosophers of the German and French schools to whoBe pernicious writings much of the agnosticism of the present age can be traced—men who, like Voltaire, would wish to meet God in human form that tbey might have the opportunity of offering Him a personal insult. The advooates of indifference may be divided into two classes. To tbe first class belong persons who admit the necessity of religion, but refuse to give the preference to any particular form of worship, since, according to them, all are equally good. Tbey thus become guilty of a horrible blasphemy, inasmuch as they suppose that a God of truth could ap prove of different religions, one of which denies what the other teaches. As our present Holy Father puts it so well—'' If tbe conduct of such persons differs from Atheism in name, it is in fact the same thing." The second class is made up of those Catholics whose lives are not in keeping with the faith they profess. They are so much taken up with the world, its business, and its pleasures that they neglect to comply with the obligations imposed on them by religion. They seldom have recourse to prayer, absent themselves from tbe Sacraments, make no account of Sundays or fasting days, listen to the voice of their corrupt iuclinations, and thus fall into many grievous Bins. This shameful abuse of grace will not fail to bring down upon their heads the wrath of a just God. To each of them I would say in the inspired language of Holy Writ—" Be mindful therefore from whence thou art fallen, and do penance and tbe firBt works, or else I come to thee, and will move tby candlestick out of its place except thou do penance." (Apoc. 2.) God will not allow contempt of His favours to pass unpunished. He shall demand a rigorous account of the talents we received from Him. He has given us many special marks of His friendship. He has called ub to the true faith, supplied us with the means to persevere in virtue and save our souls. Let us be careful, then, not to incur the Divine displeasure by our ingratitude. At the approach of the penitential season of Lent, we should enter into ourselves, weep over our past shortcomings, and make the firm resolve that in future we shall praotise the virtues recommended by our Holy Religion. We shall be more assiduous in prayer, more regular In the frequentation of the Sacraments, more recollected at Mass, and more generous la the support we give to our schools and the other institutions which have a olalm on our charity. We shall shun the dangers againBt which the Church warns us. We shall not allow our children to attend State schools, in which a purely secular course of instruction is Imparted. We hold that secular instruction does not meet the requirements of man, who has a right to be supplied with the means to make him successful here and hereafter The knowledge of reading, writing, aid arithmetic is good and useful, but It does not constitute a complete system of education. The human heart and will, as well as the intellect, must be trained. Education therefore, in the proper sense of the word, cannot be divorced from religion. It is impossible that children can have a true knowledge of their moral obligations unless they are brought up in a religous atmosphere. A plant that is but rarely watered and upon which the sun shines only at distant Intervals will pine away; in tbe same way the moral faculties of the child who receives religious instruction once or twice a week only will never attain a healthy state of development. I would wish also to warn you against secret organisations, societies such as the Masonic bod y, condemned by the Church. The sect of Freemasons was first solemnly condemned by Clement XII. in the year 1738\. Hissnccessors, including the present illustrious Pontiff, Leo XIII., have never failed to point out to tbe faithful that Catholics are forbidden to become members of this society. Bear in mind, then, that the moment you throw in your lot with the Freemasons you cease to be a Catholic. You are all, dearly beloved, familiar with tbe evils that follow from mixed marriages. Such unions frequently lead to much unhappiness, to domestic strife, and even to the loss of the inestimable treasure of the faith. In conclusion, I would ask you to exclude most rigorously from your houses the light and immoral literature, journals, periodicals, and novels which abound at the present day. If you or your children read these works, you will lose all taste for the practices of devotion ; you will drink in the deadly poison of which they are the inexhaustible source ; your passions will make you their slaves ; vice will seem less repuisive, and virtue will no longer have auy attractions for you. May a God of infinite love and goodness grant you tbe grace to fulfil your obligations and overcome the obstacles in the way of salvation. Tbe peace of Our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. STEPHEN SEVILLE, O.S.A. 20 th February, 1886. 