BLACKWATER TOWERS. \--:-o-:- By LILY TINSLEY. LIFTING THE VEIL. PART II. CHAPTER III. SI1E SLEEI'ETII. A little later, with a stately tread, I stole up the stairs and stood in the cham ber of death. Death! Was this death ? By the dim light of two candles burning in tihe farthest corner. I saw before me all the mortal remains of my darling. Dead ! what. mockery it seemed-it was but a sleeping bride whichlav before me on the velvet eouch-the slight form clad in the satin robes-the veil laid lightly over the face-the flowers which were to have decked the fair youngbride adorn ing her last robe in life. Beautiful sleep -how I envied her ! Wasthis the same form which in the robe of folly had been struck down in the midst of heedless pleasur--struck down by that murder ous hand, the terror of which had drawn the features into a wild agonized look of fear terrible to look on ? This was all gone. Beautiful in life as in death-lay Madoline-her sweet childish face, no longer )rreathed in smiles nor wet with tears, lmt calm and peaceful-doubly beautiful in this last sleep-with no sign to tell how the slumber had come-no crimson stain on this last grand robe to tell of that gaping wound beneath the folds of lIce; while clasped so tightly in her hand that they had been unable to remove it. was the white roseof our faith. Yes. Madoline--fadoline was dead. This villain and I who would have made strife about her. er were each defeated, a third and greater bridegroom had stepped in and robbed us both. As i grE'?t 1 gradually reaTlzedt 11w lefore me lay the wreck of my life's[ hopes-all, all. bound up in Madoline, and she was dead. Falling like one stricken to tilhe earth I bowed my hlead in my hands: and wept-fierce bitter tears I such as only strong men n can weep. In stead of calming me tthev roused me to medness. I felt I could not go-leave that room having looked for thle last time on my darling. Oh! if she would but wak' to life and call me once by name. I would rest conteent. "o, no," I cried, digging my nails into the palms of my h]ands, long drops standing out on my brow with mental agony. " No, no, it is not death, lbut sleep; she will wake if I call her. Madoline. Madoline, awake, I am here--awake, awake!" Good God. am I awake. or truly mad ? Did the flowers lying on the breast rise and fall once-did those dark lashes un-. der the veil sweep once over the pallid cheek--did those white lips meet and part in a low murmur-a murmur of my name ? Can it le my prayer has been ]eard. and this is the answer ? But I ammad-hlas despair done its work? Yet. no; with iatted l.reathl and searcely beating pulse. I raise the veil and lay one trembling hand upon the heart. Can I believe my senses ? It 'eas benepath my touch-and before my fixed gaze tile eyes unclose and looking up into my face. TMadoline lives-and sees and knows nie. I am in that darkened room still-the room of death no longer-for in my arms I hold Madoline. weak and fainting, but alive and in my care. Do not ask me here to explain how the sleep whieh had deceived even the doc tors had not. been tliat of death. Truth. they say, is stranger than fiction-so it proved in this ease. By a miracle, t he dagger had inflicted a wound which might have caused death. but that a weary brain had -eiven way and a deep coma set, in, which, while it saved my darling's life. had completely deceived the medical examiners. But it was not of this we stayed to think. Madoline was alive-I cared not how--for the mystery around me was growing darker. M-y first im in1ise on her awakening had been to rouse the house : but on second thoughts-:if I thought at all-I decided not to do so. And as it tilurned out I acted for the best. From my darling, bit by bit I learnt all. How step by step Sir ?Philip had turned from his allegiance to his wife how little by little lie had given my darl ing her place in his mind.-(L[ do not say theart-he had none)-hiow he had tired of Lady Isobei's beauty, lier devotion. and set his mind on one day claiming my darling as his wife. Villain that lhe was. we know the means he used, also how they succeeded. "" But this was not all, Leionaird." said Madolilne. "You know how Isobel loved him. Believe me. I never knew how., day by day, I was drag ging her over a yawning precipice. I knew I hated and feared her husband. Had I for a moment, while she lived. suspected his love, I would have died rather than he should for one second longer have entertained it. You asked me then why I consented to marry him. I did not then know what I do now. You were false to me-I cared not what became of me-lihe fascinated me, anid I had no escape because I lacked the will to make it. I was in his power. he could make of me what lie would. I had no will but to submit-no wish until- aht ! Leonard, until that terrible momenlt when for the first time, amidst the gaieties of the ball I was alone, think ing of the only too happy past before all trouble crime-thiinking in the vagnue dreamy way I had grown to do, when in mny hands, without a word, some one plaeod the rose I gave you. I saw be fore me, in the crowd, your face. I saw in one moment, in its true light, every incident of those three long years: I saw how the web lhad been woven- saw blindness, forgery, falsehood, and worse murder-direct or indirect all rise clear is day. I stood paralyzed, holding the condemning proof.your rose, between my ingers,while everything else-all thought nmd reason-was swallowed up in one vild thought-' Let me not see him face o face. I dare not tell lim all-oh, let nc die. I have been so wilfully blind leath is all tlit is left.' And scarcely were the words on my lips than a shadow fell across my path. Something cold ecmced to grip my ]eart. I saw a sea of faces-yours before the rest-and that 'nas all until I woke to find myself in your arms." " Yes, safe with me." "2No--not safe. I shall never be safe in this world from the consciousness of what I have done. Isobel's blood is on my head.' ' Mydarling." I said, pressing her to me, and trying in vain to calm her cxcite ament. " You talk wildly"' "No. no," she cried, pushing back her hair wildly. " They say it was by acci dent she died. I say it was no accident; it was murder:" And with a shudder my darling hid her face in my breast. '" But. surely lihe (Sir Philip) would not have dared--- " '" You do not know him as I do; what Twould he not dare ? Isobel, my sister, why--why was I so blind ? " And now she became so excited that I declared my intention of rousing the I ollnse. " 'o, no, for pity's sake," cried Mado line. " I dare not see him." " You have no cause to fear-I am with you," I said. "We have right on our side; lie dare not so much as address you before me." 'Right on our side! No, no, oh! you do not know all yet." ' Not know all; what is it you are hid ing from me? Speak, lMaloline, speak ! Why do you fear him ? " "Because, Leonard, do you not know? Have they not told you P We were married three weeks ago. It was our return that they were celebrating." R]eturn--married! and I had thought it was for the ceremony they were prepa.ting. and thought I was yet in time to save my darling. " Then you are already this man's wi fe !" Isaid. staggering to my feet, the truth forcing itself upon me that I had mis understood old Margaret's words. i" adoline, I would rather a thousand tines you had slept on than told me this. His wife, bound to him by bonds which I can never break ! God help you this is worse than death to me." Weeping passionately, Madoline flung herselfatimy feetin her satin robes. the rich bridal robes of the manl she loathed. and implored me to save her from him, It was marvellous the strength she pos sessed, after what she had gone throughl there was no weakness--her terror drove it away. The words of her pleading shall not be here recorded. It was such as complete lv inmnannllled mIn. 1.a le 1me ]helpless as a a hijild. But in spite of all. in the dark ness I only saw one thought written. In incent or guilty of the charge of which I nore tohan suspected him. Sir Philin was yet M:adoline's lawful husband, and I could not take her from hint, even if I lared. SMatloline. M[adoline," I cried, turn ing from her. wonderinL why leaven hadl given me strength to Iharden my heart against her : " ?Madline for pity's sake do not tempt me ; you are this man's wife. I dare lnot take you front hili." " Oh ! Leonard. Leonard, for my sake you will dare do it. I cannot be his wife. knowing what I do. It will be no sin to come between us, antli will prove what-" ' What we surmise ?No. no, who will believe so wild a tale ? You chose your fate-you must follow it." \o. no. she cried, as I gently but firm ly unclasped lher arms from round my neck. the satin robe in which I had often pictured her as making her the fairest of all women on earth when she should stand at my side my wife, now but the badge of her slavery. the livery of her master, from whom I had no power to part ler. trailing the ground as she crawled like a wounded animal to my feet. bowing her head to the very dust; that golden head I dare not now raise from its bitter humiliation, and, clinging in a perfect frenzy of helplessness to my knees. holding my icy hands between her own burning ones till it seemed I was the one who had risen from the dead and not yet shaken off the chilly touch of the king of terrors--she. the half-maddened soul. who had witnessed the strange awakening, while she rained on my fin gers kisses and tears, andbeggedme-oh, lHeavens, how she prayed to me-to save her ! And yet I knew I was helpless, with out power to do as she asked. " MAadoline." I cried, striving to be free from her hold. " Kothingbut death can part you frrom your husband." " Nothing but death ? " she repeated. springing to her feet and standing back from me. '" Then why did you not let me sleep on? "Why awaken me to this liv ing death ? Why did that blow not, kill me? Is the wound yet too far closed but 1 will tear itopen? Do not try to stop the flow of blood this time ; it comes from my heart ;I shall not live. but have all the happiness I dare hope for-to die at your feet. Slay, there are surer means than that. Heaven's hand is in this; ah. you shall not fail in your errand this time." She snatched at somwthing which lay on a table near; it was the daeger which had inflicted the wound which 'had so nearly proved fatal. " Mfadoline."I : Ieliced." what would you do ? " For answer the , Igger was raised and I flashed over my dariing's breast. Like a madman I bounded forward, seized the upraised hand, and, heedless of how I crushed the fingers which held it, snatch ed the dagger from her grasp. "No-no." she shrieked, struggling to regain it. "At least, let me die. You do not love mo. and-" " Madoline. for God's sake, be calm," I cried. and folding her in my arms. I held her writhing form to me., till suddenly all her strength left her. andl she lay sense less in my arms-white and still as when I first looked upon her that night. Stupefied. spellbound. I gazed upon her in the dim light. Then the silence around mse was broken by a sound of- what? The sound of a step on the stair. I knew by instinct whose it was. It was Sir Phillip's. Could it he that he was com ing to pay a visit to the chamber of death? A moment I stood helpless, then lifted her.in my arms and laid her on the couch of death, hastilyarranged her dress and the flowers, and drew the veil over her face. There was no fear lihe should know this rigid insensibility from the deeper sleep. Then a sudden thought struck me. The jewels ! Theylayin their case upon the table. Old Margaret lad risk ed her master's anger in obeying her dead mistress's wish. He might miss them. I tore them from the case, fastened them round the slender throat, then sprang be hind the curtains which hung over the window of the room, pushing them from me lest my trembling should cause them to move. With bated breath I heard the steps draw near-pause an instant;at the door-then Sir PIilliip Langton entered the room. As I looked upon his dark face what a prayer that my darling might have stren:gthl rose from my heart ! In a few moments he entered, not fearfully but resolutely. He was too great a villian to fear death. He calmly and serenely gazed upon his dead wifec " They have done well, " he said to him self. " To-morrow she shall lie in a narrower chamber-the Langton vaults' latest guest-under the shadow of the weeping willow. A fit resting-place for one so young and fair, " and he smiled coldly. I did not move or stir. only waited for what should conime next-watching the mask gradually slip, as it were from that calm face-the cunning and cruelty show forth. " So, " lie muttered between his teeth as he gazed down upon the still form; you escaped mie after all. I swore nothing but death would come between us-sworeit front the first night I saw you -worked for that end and toiled for you -sinned for you-and you fool, you pre ferred death-ngly, icy-handed death to me. Well, death is well sometimes-but now were you once more ahrve, I would put such pretty toys as stilettoes from your reach. 1 loved yon-you knew it, but you did not waste your affection on me. I could not find two such as Lady Isobel, but if I can love at all I loved you and you were my wife. You are mine even in death. 1hse jewels you scorned in life are on you now-you can not tear them from you and trample on them as you once did. You are mine now-your body is- your soul, what is it to me ? If I could but keep you as you are that I might come and look at you, and feast my eyes upon your beauty your beauty ! Ak ! it was that made me love you. In a few days that will be gone, and I shall love you no longer. So then now I shall kiss you my lovely bride; for once you will not shrink. 'In death you are more mine than in life. ' What was lie going to do? Good Heavens, did lie fullfil the promise his words conveyed, all was lost. One kiss upon that brow--beneath his touch wound feel the flow of warm life-blooh and-vain had been Madoline's pleadingd -vain my refusal and at last consents He would know all. This villain would. once more hold within his power my dar ling. I must go my way and leave her with her husband-her sister's mur derer. At the thought a sense of suffocation came over me. It is a wonder to me now that my struggle for breath did not at tract his attention. It was the only sound that broke the awful silence. Scarcely knowing what I did I drew aside the curtain, behind which I stood, that nothing should be between the scoundrel and me. What I intended to do I scarcely knew. I saw him lift the veil. My arm was outstretched. I could already feel my fingers on his throat. I in my madness woild have followed the wild promptings of my heart and laid upon my soul the sin of which I had al ready been so foully accused. Why not murder for murder-blood for blood P If Mladoline's conjecture were not true this man deserved no less. I would rather kill him and myself afterwards than that she should live as his wife and I know him for what lie was . Yes; I would not spare him. I glided nearer; then waited with every nerve at highest tension. Sir Phillip drew near the couch, raised with an unfaltering hand the bridal veil, devoured with all his eyes the beauty of the fair face beneath, bent his head, his lips were but a hair's breadth from the pallid but warm living cheek. Another second and lie would know the truth; that moment his last on earth if my avenging arm did not fail me-a second -then a sudden sound once more broke the silence, the sound of a laughs-a harsh grating laugh-came floating on the air a sound that made me tremble, so that I was in imminent danger of being dis covered, while turning as pale as death and shivering from head to foot--Sir Phillip, like the craven that lie was, let fall the veil over the dead girl's face and staggered back like one bitten by an adder. Instinctively my eyes followed ]his, to where at the foot of the couch, his white face gleaming out of the darkness, stood Pedro, the valet, to whom I had taken such a dislike on the evening of his ar rival with his master at Blackwater Towers. .. You fool. " said Sir Phillip. recover ing but not wholly from his fear. " Why did you startle me ? " " Why is it you were frightened ? " was thie reply in a harsh whisper, such as fitted well with the strange fellow's appearance. " You sayyou are afraid of no living man; whydo you fear the dead? They cannot hurt you. Perhaps it is as well they cannot. " He laughed again. then drew nearer. and gazed down at the form on the couch. " She is beautiful still, " he said. " Yes replied Sir Phillip. wiping the heavy beads of perspiration from his brow and not yet ceasing to tremble. though I could see he did his best tolhide his tre pidation from his servant. " Yes, but it won't last long. I got the inquest over to-day for that reason. She shall be buried to-morrow, so that I may see her beautiful in her coffin, and not changed and fearful as some become. " " As some become when the lake has been their bed for days. " said the man with a sinister look. " It is strange both your wives should die of violence. " Iush, you fool ! and yet what does it matter ? All the worldkiuows of Lady Isobel's death. " " Yes but not how she died, " was the reply.and an expression of cunning crept into the villian's face which made me shudder. But I held my breath, and listened for what was to come next. What if in this one ungarded moment, when they inmagined themselves alone with the dead. I might hear from these villians some clue which might lead to their conviction of a crime of which I could doubt no longer they were guilty. But no; fate did not so far befriend me. These rogues were far too cautious to trust to the air thoughts of such import ance to them. and--to me. They had other nlatters to speak upon; and thoughl these surprised me beyond measure I did not pay them any great heed. but counted the moients that flew by in fear and trembling lest my darling should awake to consciousness and all be lost. For answer to his valet's hint Sir Phillip's face grew dark. " So, " lie said, looking down on his deformed servant with a cold sneer, " you think to taunt me-do you, you dog ? But you know, clever as you think your self to be, you rarely raised a weapon against me but I found its fellow. You lauglt at me for my visit to this room; the girl who was my wife-who is dead. I must forget her as soon as she lies be neath the earth. But you- ? " And Sir Phillip pointed one long white finger at the deformed figure. between whom and hint lay the dead girl, and smiled a cold cruel smile, while his eyes glittered and I saw in him a perfect likeness of the serpent that he was. " You " he said, " you-! This girl " (with a motion of his hand to the bed(, " was not pledged to you as your wife, was not even your equal; you were her servant. She hated you as she feared me. I own that now, because I loved to see her cringe and shiver before me as I vowed she should. Yes, she feared me and hated you; yet when she is gone beyond recall; when there is nothing that is fair and beautifil left of her body ; when all is dust and worms. and ugly to look on and think of, you will not forget her; you will not cast her from your mind as I do; you cannot. Alt ! you see I can read you you villain; you dared to love my wife. I laughed to see you fight for favors from her hand, which I disdained ; laughed to see you watch her with every bit of soul you can boast of as yours. Yes I laugh ed at you then, now I laugh still ; love her as you please, she is yours ; all that is left, by decay and dissolution, is your prize. Take the gift from your master's hand you would have snatched from his (lead fingers had you dared. " And the villain threw back his head with a low laugh. During his singular speech the valet had met his cool cynical gaze with one impenetrable stare. Now lie spoke, smiling in his turn. m" ad I dared ! " lie repeated. "Pedro Dandos is no fool. What should I have gained by your death ? " Nothing, or you would have died long ago. I do not boast as "-with alook of cunning--" you know. No, your death would be of no use to me; to kill you would have secured for myself a pass for eternity, and I am in no hurry. I have much work to do. Your life is worth more to me than you tlhink. I had a splan like yosu, but some thing I did not calculate upon upset it. This " (with a wave of a hand towards thie couch). " is the reslult. I make no ]iding of it. I did love your wife, she rwas so beautiful, but she scorned me, and -we neither of us can boast-she is not your wife or mine. She died." It was impossible to tell what those last words might mean, so strange was thIe tone in which they were uttered, the words literally gurgling in the valet's throat. On Sir Phillip's cars they seem ed to strike with great significance. He sprang forward, and seized with an iron grip the deformed form before him. " Dare you tell me to my face that this is your work ? You foul cur, you shall pay for this. as you will for thIe accident to tIle first Lady Langton. " Birds of a feather, says a proverb. Wcre ever villains better matched ? Sir Phillip's grasp was suddenly loosened, and in the darkened room the two men who had plotted each for his own hand stared fixedly beyond the dead into each other's faces. Then Sir Phillip pushed the damp hair from his brow. and straightened his ianly figure, while Pedro kept his green eyes iixed on him. Sir Phillip seemed to feel rather than see the gaze. He re turned it. after a moment, carelessly, saying with a laugh, " VWhat do you feel Pedro ? " " Sothing. master; I never fight with out first annming myself. " and something bright flashed in the dim light. His master laughed carelessly, then turned on his heel drawing his hand somewhat hastily from the breast of his coat in which it reposed, and the next moment had left the room. " Follow me, I want you to see after my mourning clothes, " he said, as lihe paused for a moment at the door. " The suit I wore at Lady Isobel's funeral will do-it is becoming. Come I do not fear to go in front. " " You have no reason I assure you. " I would take your word before any man's " said his master smiling; and followed by Pedro, I saw them leave the room--leard the two descend the stairs, one with the cat- like tread of caution, and the other with fearless tread of one who knows tile ground lie walks on. Once more I am by the couch-folding in my arms my darling, who clings to me in abject fear. She ]lhad awakened to consciousness even before I knew. and on her ears had fallen every word that had passed. She was completely paralyzed; she clung to me no longer, pleaded no more. but lay passive in nly arms. But there was no need to pray and plead to me-nothing but death now should come between us. Did I sin myself in so doing I would save her from these twofold scoundrels. But how to escape without being dis covered. Plan after plan was discussed and east aside in feverish haste. " Sir Phillip, " said Madoline at last, ' will never leave me till I lie in my coffin-till then I am his wife. Whty not. kill me. Leonard ? It would be better than to live as his wife. " While she spoke I sat thinkingdeeply. Was ever man in such a strait before ? As nmy darling said,this manl wold never leave her till the cofiiin-lid shut out the light of day. Unless we found some means of escape the morning would see him once more claiming her as his wife. " eNver, never, " I moaned. " I will die myself rather-rather lay the sin of blood uponl my sold-a-e, and that of his vile accomplice Pedro. than you shall be his wife. But how to prevent it ? " A thousand times I sought for means to escape, till, worn out with the struggle with my unconquerable enemy. I fling myself upon miy knees and prayce to God in my utter helplessness that lie would help me in my sore, extremity. But it seemed as if even the Heavens refused to accept my prayer, for no answer came, no plan of escape suggested itself to me. There is no help on earth," I said, wildly. " lone but this." said Madoline, again taking the dagger in herhland. "Leonard you must do this-I have not strength now--why not by your hands ? It is all the happiness you can give mne now. Do not fear. I will not flinch. Aim swiftly and surely." Scarce knowinig what I did. but with the set purpose in ny mind, that--unless both--neither of us saw the morning light, I took tile weapon. " Stay one moment," said Madoline. and, stooping, she picked from the ground a white rose-the white rose which she l]ad held in her hand during the sleep which they had taken for death-the white rose of our faith-the rose made fresh by the Indian drug which had power to produce sleep as deep as that from which she had lust awakened. I knew this to be the truth, for I had plae ed one of its leaves in water only a short time since, and tried its effect upon a dclog of my uncle's. The animal had been as one dead for an hour, then awoke as from a sleep. I called this fact to memory now, and fearfully put it from me, then glanced at the frail form kneeling at my feet, at the chlildish face , and, knowing the childish face, and. knowing the childish spirit, wolndered if one so frail could stand so great a test as that which had occurred to me. I laid down thIe dagger" " What is it ?" asked Madoline, fear fullyr. I looked into her face--into her eyes calm and detennined now. anid vowing not to flinch from the task I had set my self, asked gently : " Madoline, there is but one way of escape ! " and I took from her tihe rose. She uinderstood it in a moment, and. trembling in mortal fear, shraink from "No, no," she said. " Itn will be death again. To-morrow, you heard, they will lay me in my coflin. No, no; I dare not." I put my anrl around her to stay her sinveriug . " Madoliue, it is tile only way. s would give my life for yours, but it i useless. Your death is your only safety' From your coffin I can only claim you Wrly shrink and tremble at the mention of a coffin ?-a bare wooden trunk, a tree once under which perhaps children have danced and played. They have not feared; why should you ? It is man you fear. not this. But what of that ? You will see,. feel, know nothing till you wake and find yoursel f once more in my arms, never to leave me more, for to all the world beside you are dead." " Anid they will bury me," came a low, fearful whisper. "If they lay ten thousand tons' weight of earth upon you, you will not know it ; and think you I would not reach you cven then ? This trial shall be of love, fMado line. Can you trust me ? " A moment, then the answer came calm ly and determinedly-" I can, and will obey you implicitly." So Mladoline promised to undergo the test. All during the long weary hours of the night we sat side by side. hand in hand, scarcely a word passing between us. Presently a streak of light stealing through the window roused me. I drew aside the curtain. " It is almostmorning." I said. "Yes; it is time. Do not delay one moment longer for fear. I am ready." With a hland that shook so that I spilt some of it on the floor, I poured some water from a bottle on a side table into a glass. lMadoline herself placed the rose in it, and together we watched the clear. coloirless liquid turn, first cloudy, then black as ink. I drew all that remained of the flower, fresh and fair no longer. but blackened and sluhrivelled, from it, and then turned into iMIadole. Stately and fearlessly she stood before me-a white bride, her bridegroom, death. A moment I clasped her in my arms, she herself breaking from my embrace and lying calhly down on the couch, arrang ing her satin robe round her. "I am quite ready, Leonard." "'You trust ? " " Even in death." she said gently. From my trembling hand she took the glass in her own steady grasp, and look ing with her clear blue eyes umflinchingly into my face, drained to the dregs the bitter draught. Then she sank back on her pillow, breathless, with all the colour gone from her face, a deadly pallor creeping over it as she struggled to speak. " I trust you in life and in death," she whispered. her gaze wandering over my face, her hold of my hand gradually loosening. I fmlug myself on my knees. hiding my eyes in my hands, for this suffering made me sick and faint. Only a moment, then I looked up. Good Heavens i what was this P This was no sleep. No sleep could bear such resemblance to death. No, it was death itself--death even yet more terrible than that from which she hadsolatelyawaken ed-the ashy linhue the white drawn lips. the fixed eyes, the icy rigidness, all, all complete. Could it be that in my mad ness it was sonime poison that I had raised to my darling's lips ? Yetno, my experi ment proved otherwise. Whatwas that? Sonic oine stirring in the house ! I must hide myself until the time to complete my plan. Hastily placing the flowers as I had found thenm, I pressed one kiss upon my darling's pallid brow. -" Good-bye,my darling ! You shall not trust me in vain-the hardest part of my task is yet to conme. Farewell until the second awakening." CHAPTER. IV. Too Lxm.. From that room of death, Istole down stairs to old Margaret's apartment.which was situated in a distantpart of thchouse -in fact. in that part where was the room which, during her lifetime, had been especially devoted to her use, and which was now kept shut-the servants said beenuse Sir Philip had been so un set by his first wife's death that he could not bear to see any one in the place site I.al been wont to occupy. I knew it was because villain as he was, here were accusing signs that lihe dared not face. Indeed, so studiously did lihe re fuse to have it opened that at length a vague superstition had arisen that it was haunted by the spirit of the departed lady-a fact which led to its being fur ther avoided. No one in the house would enter alone, and so the apartment was deserted, and, as a rule, locked up, save when old Margaret. fearing no ghost save sad memories, would go in and let in the sunlight on the dust and darkness. It was in one of the rooms adjoining that on the night before I had slept. How I had reached it I never knew; I must have been smuggled there during the confu sion consequent upon the-so-thought murder. Here, therefore, it was that I intended to hide during the day, and to creep out on my mission as soon as night fell. To old Margaret's room, therefore, I made my way in the dinm morning light. Tapping at her door, she opened to me. "Lor. sir." she said, "I ain't been to bed this blessed night. I've been a watch ing for you, and a-fearing every minute as how something has happened." "'otlhing has," I said quietly, "but I have delayed my going so long, I fear if I leave the house now I may be seen. Will you hide me once more-only till to-night? I'm not afraid of ghosts. Lady Isobcl's room will be the safest place. No one will venture there." First requiring from me the assurance that I was not going to do anything rash, old Margaret consented to do as I asked. Thus a little time saw ume locked in Lady Isobel's boudoir, in which she had been wont to pass much of her time in her favourite study, " painting." There still stood her easel, the furniture just as she had left it. dust thick on every object; as I could see even in the dim light which came from the aperture bc tween the frame and the shutter of the window, which was built high above my head in the wall. Here then I was to pass the day, old lMargaret giving me the key, so that I was safe in the fact of having it in my possession.. Once during the day the kindly old woman (how I wished I dared trust her with a secret !). brought me somen food. I forced myself to eat a little to keep up my strength. She told me, weeping bitterly. that she had just taken her last look of her young mistress, ere they shut her down for ever. She little guessed how I too had seen my darling lying in that narrow box how I had already, by means of a gimlet I begged from her--drilled a dozen holes in its lid-just sufhicient to let the air in -but laying the flowers so that they hid, but did not quite. cover my handiwork. This done I stole back again to my prison. How those weary hours dragged by I scarcely knew. I could not sleep for fear I should do so too long--not even lie down, but walked up and down the room with a feverish step, trying to plan what I was to do. I was to make my way as soon as it was dark to the churchyard, to get from the porch, where many a time when I had, in those days gone by, passed through God's Acre, I had noticed the sexton's tools peeping out from their hid ing place beneath the seat of' the porch. Already, besides the ginmlet, to old Mar garet's wonder I had begged from her a screw-driver and a cloak of ;Miss 1Mado line's. I verily believe the old woman thought I was off my head, and these were all the preparations I dared make these all the weapons I had at hand to effect the purpose on which hung so much. Of after plans I had plenty. Once Madoline was snatched from the grave. I would find her a hiding-place until I could devise some disguise, and together we would fly the country; once out of England we were safe. My plan sounded daring, but what other course was open to me ? What would I not risk to gain my end? What would I not dare ? Dare ! I would have dared the whole world to save Madoline. But, whispered conscience, she is this man's wife, be le murderer or no. Yes, I repeated sorrowfully, that is true. While lie lives our lives must be apart, but at least she will be well cared for, and happy if aught I can do will make her so. )es, there must be no sin in what I do. I would save my darling from this devil in human form, but I must guard her honour, lest in turn it would need some one to save her from me. So I pondered as I walked up and down, up and down the boudoir, trying to keep down the excitement which made it impossible for me to behave like a ration al being-fearing lest, if I did not lay sonic command upon myself, the time for action would find me exhausted and too weak to undergo my fearful task. How fearful I scarcely lknew. until as the day wore on, sounds in the world outside placed it before my mind. I realize it once again as I sit here. Once more I am in the dimly lighted room, pacing to and fro. fixing 11my eyes to nerve myself for what is to come upon the cloak as it lies upon the table; the glistening chisel which is to do the work lying upon its dark folds. I raise allmy courage for that work, weigh the tool in my hand, while with a firm hand I lock every terror in my heart, strain every nerve that I may not fail in the hour of' need. "Will tile day never pass ?" - I ask myself when scarce a fewn hours of wait ing is over. I could work now, but tihe task I am to undo is scarcely yet begun, for listen, the lush of thle hlouse of death is broken by the trampl of feet. the room where Madoline lies is that above my head, and I can plainly hear what passes. Yes, they are carryil;ng up the coflin in which they are to place all that is to them mortal of their late mistress; the coffin in which their hands will fasten herdown, which my hands will break open to snatch death's fairest victimn fromn within. Quickly they pass up thIe stais, and slowly andu reverently a little later they pass down treading carefully, for their burden, though light, is precious. and those who bear her have loving hearts full of sorrow for the untimely end of one so young and pure. Yes, tramp, tramnp dlown the stairs they go, each step finding a thousand echoes in my heart. "No! no !" I cry, hiding my eyes to shut out the fearful sight which rises be fore them; stuffing my fingers in my ears to make me deaf to all sounds with Sout. . But, try as I may. they pierce the -death-like silence, and unconsciously I take part in what passes without. It is by my watch three o'clock twelve mortal ]hour.since I first entered the room-hours which seemed days. years. centuries to me-when I hear the sound of wheels on the avenue below. They stay before the door; I hear the pawing of horses' hoofs upon tile gravel. as though impatient to be off. the hurry of many feet; then the slow descent from that upper room; Inished voices giving directions, and now and then a smothered sob. as some one who loved her who is gone weeps for pity. How I bless those tears ! 'Thien the wheel grates harshly over the stones; the horses' hoofs strike at regular intervals tlhe stony road, and the cortege passes slowly on its way. Crouching like a dog in the corner of amyroom, I strain every nerve to catch the last echo of the fast fading footsteps. 'They grow fainter and fainter, fainter still they die away in the distance and all is silence again. Silence ? Yes, for a few- scarcely breath-broken seconds, then I know the short distance from the eartldy home to the last resting place is traversed, as through the air. rising and falling on tihe stillness around me. comes the toll-toll-tollof the passing bell. Toll-toll ! lHol that sound falls like a pall upon my car- strikes like fire into my brain-sinks like lead into my heart! Toll-Toll ! In my dread I have no will now but to listen and count each . chime-each stroke- until w-llen suddenly they cease, I stand and listen still-listen and wait. What for ? I scarcely know; unless I imagine that some miracle shall make them stay the service;[some miracle save my darling from the horrible test. Yet no- silence ! Silence. Once more the moments flylike hours. Then ere I .can realise it, all is over. I hear again the sound of returning carriages; the horses gaily trotting this time; they stop once more before the door; discharge their occupants ; there is a sound of hurry ing feet ; voices which every moment rise high.ier and higher as the living recall the fact that they need no nore fear their talkingwill disturb the peace of her who so lately slumbered in the room of death. Then the wheels grate again on the road. and in Blackwater Towers life resumes its flow; the morrow will see the stream run ning its course as before. Those under its roof have wept their tears; said their farewell to her who was once part of their lives. In a little while my task will comn mence, and I shall take up and tie the broken thread of lMadoline Oakley's life. Ah ! but not twine itwith mine. 1y task -I can scarcely realize what it is-but taking my watch from my pocket. I count the minutes-nay, the seconds-till I shall begin it; while above my head the little speck of evening sky grows darker and darker in line as the shades of evening fall upon it. Then as the darkness closes round me. I see in plain facts rise into my mined this daring act of mine. What have I done? What have I dared? The King of terrors himself; dared to play hide and seek with death ; dared to let them take a living. if a scarce breathing woman and lay her in the earth -in the grave from which none are to rise till that great Day when every secret shall be brought to light. Then, and not till then, the Divine God himself had decreed the sleep shall last. Was it possible. I dreamt that I-poor weak I-should take tomyself the power to snatch from the shallow bed one of earth's fairest blos soms? Like thrills of red hot madness these thoughts filled my brain, and as I drove them from me, others, far., far worse took their place. What if the potion, the drug, should have less effect than I calculated ? what if my darling should wake to find herself entombed in that narrow shell ; wake the thought thrilled me with fear, so that I trembled and shivered as under the breath of an icy wind. Wake-to what ? to face a death too horrible to be contem plated. I even dared not think now. I flung myself on my knees, and lay like one bereft of every sense, while with wild eyes I watched the night come into the sky; counted the moments, and prayed as I had never done before. tlhat one niight come, the other go, quickly. Tentlhousand years lag by, and it seems I must be an old man; I straighten my back, and wonder my old bones will let me; glance at my hands to see if they are not withelred I feel my face, and in imannation counit the wrinkles on it; and stare at my own reflection in the mirror on the wall. and wonder my lhair has not yet changed from bIlackto white. Never did I think that human nature could stand so much, could survive such hours of mortal agony as those I spent. Will this avwfunl suspense ever end ? Time, they say waits for no man. liut suiely some t3yrant fate has ovefrrled. for;my toisnnat, nature's greatest law, stayed even the rapid approach of Eter nity to torture me. Yet no, this cannot be for see how dark it has grown. No speck of light lights up the gloom-pale fair evening has met its rival, dark chilly night-the daily struggle for mastery is fought; the weak er once more gives way-the dark pall falls over all; the foster brother of death reigns supreme. 'Yet even as in death darkness is not all round; so night shows forth her one guiding light. With ]hands clasped high above my 'head I stand and watch the clouds drift apart slowly, for the day has been very close and scarcely a breath of wind stirs the air; a calm which heralds the storms to conime-watch as the silvermoon ever and anon veiling its face with fleecy vapor gleams down upon the shadows and bids them play hide and seek as the fancy of her serene highness prompts her, while here and there as I watch. dainty and glimmering in the dark sea of clouds diamond stars peep out and wink and laugh at the rai pant shade. their mistresses servants, who makes them obedient to her every cap rice. One by one I count them as I do the nmoments, while ever and anon that one sound upon which I hang all my hopes rings out into the night. Itis the chim ing of the clock in the church tower, be neath whose tall dark shadow my darling sleaps till I shall wake her, and bear her forth from that great darknessjinto light once more. ine--tcn--those within the house are stirring still. Eleven ! They pass one by one up the stairs. I count them and seem to hear last of all from his study, by whose door no doubt the servants have passed with light footstep and faces of tearful sympathy for here sits alone, half beside himself with grief for those two dear spirits which have been snatched from him-- SirlPhillip come with a slow lagging footstep up the long passage to the room where lie will lie down to rest and sleep the sleep of rest which is deni ed my weary spirit, for no conscience has he, this devil in man's form. to paint be fore his eyes his crimes, and echo in his ears the cries of the poor soul on whom lie had no mercy. :.. - " Sleep on," I say, slihanking my trembl ing hand as his footfalls die away. "Your reckoning is not with me, but with a mightier judge." Then all is silence, save when from out the church tower those silver chimes, that welcome sound, break down the bars of time once more, and I stand free to do my task. Listen. listen ! Nine hnudred seconds, with ten thousand demons dragging them back ; ten thousand devils on to my.limbs to drive my strength from me, to:.make me weak and helpless. (To be continued.) 