TvLES OH THE NINETEENTH CENTURY- The Rev W. Currie delivered the first of his " Łecture-talks on the Nineteenth Centurj " in the South Room of the Mechanics' last night, the room being comfortably filled. Mr Hoyle, president, of the Institute, presided, and in introducing the lecturer eipressed the hope that the appreciation of the lectures would be shown by a good Mr Currie said that in reviewing the history of the Nineteenth Century uo controversy should be introduced but no material fact should be omitted. There were would be nothing like completeness in his remarks ; the salient points only would be touched. In 1792 there occurred the French Revolution, an event unparalleled since the downfall of the Roman Empire. The British Ministry had drawn Austria and Turkey into a league when amidst the seething unrest of Europe, Napoleon Bonaparte like a strange lurid sun arose and within five or sis years rose from poverty to eminence and orerfhrew the feeble directorate of the French Republic. He made himself First Consul, and the people exchanged liberty for despotism. Only in America was France developing her colonial life in peace. In England and Ireland an unscrupulous policy was being pursued. The Government had a majority of about 300, all Tories, Jed by William Pitt, aud opposed by from 59 to Whigs, led by Fos, and including in their ranks Sheridan, and Sir Francis Burdett. In spite <if the opposition of the WJiii.6 war with France was declared. The liberties of the people were interfered with, aud their aatherings were dealt with by spies. Home Tooke, for teaching them their privileges, found his way to Newgate; the Babtas Corpus Act was suspended and clubs and public meetings were surpressed. The debt had increased from 88 millions sterling to 310 millions ; taxation from 10 millions to 28 millions; the pour rates from 50 millions to 00 millions per year; bad harvests and protection ruined the people; our fighting forces were oppressive and disgracefully maimed; only on sea had we a Howe or a Nelson, while duffers like the Duke of York commanded on land. To fight France England paid Austria £3,000,000 and the Czar of Russia was hired to bring his dirty, greedy hordes to do our ora work at £112,OOU per month. Ireland had an army of volunteers of her own which enforced the repeal of the law excluding Koman Catholics from public positions A company grew up including Arthur O'Connor and Wolfe Tone, who strove to unite with the Republic of France, and get home rule. Bat the United Irishmen were anything but united. In Indiaevery pretence for war was followed up by annexation, an euphonism for stealing. Napoleon's interest lay ill fighting but he wrote an honorable letter Ług George, tuning peace, which was net wiili a contemptuous refusal, and Napoleon was outlawed. The Opposition were strongly for accepting the overtures of Napoleon, but Pitt had 265 against 64, and money was voted for wars at home and in Europe. Napoleon forced liis allies to oppose English trade and closed his ports ajainst her, a coarse in which he induced the Czar to join. It was supposed then that Russia and France had joint designs npon India, but Paul got choked, and Alexander reversed the policy. The war wore out in 1S01, but peace was derided as disastrous, and the opinion obtained thai France had been left with too much territoiy and unbroken power. In 1800 Lord Casilereagh reopened the question of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, which was effected in opposition to the Whigs by a majority of 42, and the Imperial parliament met for the first time on the 22nd January, 1S0L The year 1880 scarcely justified the Union. Pitt redeemed his pledge to relieve the Catholics from their disabilities, but his M iuistiy retired disgusted at the promise exacted by the £ing that the subject should never again be mentioned to him. A new Ministry including Lord Eldon was formed andcivil and religious liberty had not a ghost of a chance. It was found that the peace Tith France was only an armistice and within six months war was determined on. Some tents on the beach of Boulogne indicated Napoleon's' intention to nail the nation of shopkeepers, anil lie had 25 millions of people in France, while in England and Ireland there were not 10 millions. While we were invoking liberty, justice, and patriotism, we were earning on aggrandisement in India without Temonstrance. The Irish patriots, Russell, and the gallant, high-souled Bobert Emmet were arraigned for treason, and Kmmet without magnanimity to appeal to met with scant mercy, and died the death of a traitor. The nation was in sad straits. The taxes had risen to 80 millions a year: we had 300,000 soldiers and 600 ships. Next session Pitt sank into the grave in debt to £40,000. Fox took office and in vain tried for peace with Napoleon, smd eventually died at the age of 59, one of the most brilliant, conscientious and courageous statesmen of the time. The crowning glory of his life WBS the abolition of the slave trade, assisted by ttilderferce in 1807. The " No Popery " ay became popular, and Wilberforce lent it his aid, while the Pulpit, the Press, the Parity boys and the parish beadles sustained it This was the reign of bribery and corruption as was shown by its cost- 115 Wilberforce £20,000 to gain his seat for HulL Lord Welfesley became Chief Secretary for Ireland and a policy of coercion was pursued. Napoleon lid drawn a cordon round England and shut her out of Europe but this policy broke down of its own weight, and soon Napoleon's army Tras found clothed in English goods: 'n 1809 Parliameut and the public had to listen to disgraceful revelations of the Date of York's connections with a courtesan and the traffic by her in commissions aad benefices. A majority 82 whitewashed the Duka of York, bat theęoat ffw too thin and he resigned his position of Commander-in-Chief. Sir Fran j Bardett came forward as a reformer and tried to obtain an extension of the suffrage but the measure was utterly lost. Ministers were quarrelling amongst themselves, occasioned by the disastrous management of the troops by the Earl of Chatham. An enquiry with dosed doors made the public furious, but resulted in the Earl getting into the Tower till the end of the session. In 1811 the Prince of Wales became lie ent and Henry Brougham came forward as an opponent of the paper currency. In 1812 there were trials for illegally assembling for agitating for Catholic emancipation, and Percival the Premier was assassinated when entering the House of Commons. There was ,a re-arrangement of the Cabinet, and then came Robert Peel, a promising young man. In 1812 Lord Sidmouth interfered with the privileges of the dissenters, who, headed by Andrew Puller, Robert Hall, aud John Forster, resisted successfully, and Dissent went free. Free trade in preaching lives was the best for society generally. Napoleon was still ambitious, and sent his armies into Spain, where be was opposed by Sir Arthur Wellesley and Sir John Moore. The whole of the population were driven in with their food behind the lines of Torres Vedras, and the French had to retire in despair AB Talleyrand remarked, this was the beginning of the end, but Napoleon struggled on until ruined by his Russian campaign. 1" ven then he struggled on until lie was sent to Elba by the three kings—the " Holy Alliance " which was a set of the most unmitigated hypocrites that ever crawled over Europe, and actually out-doing Napoleon in stupidity. Napoleon's power ended at Waterloo and after surrendering himself to ; the captain of the Bellerophou. he was sentenced to lifelong imprisonment at St. Helena. Fiance lost a million and a half or men besides half a million in foreign prisons as the result of Napoleon's war but Wellington received the than-s of the nation and £400,000—not a fraction of the glory-bill The men and money spent on 300 ships would put into prosperity 300 towns as large as Kyneton, and this had been spent to put a hated dynasty on the throne of France and <0 delay home reform. Between 1807 and 1814 England was engaged in a strife with America. No glory was reaped and all that was settled was that neither nation should keep ships of war on their great inland seas. Mr Currie tlien pronounced an eloquent denunciation of war illustrating its evil by the facts that wheat went up to 120s a quarter while a laborer's wages were 10s per week. During the first ten years of the century one ind a half million acres of the people's land were appropriated by thejgreat landlords and they have it yet. But happily the resources of the country kept growing, and in 15 yerrs the revenue increased from 34 millions of pounds to 72 millions ; the imports from millions to 32 millions ; the exports from 32| millions to 5Si millions; and the national debt from 447 millions to 81<5 millions. Brougham had inveighed against the paper currency in which a one pound note equalled only 16s in silver. The nation was robbed and posterity saddled with the expense. The remainder of the "talk" consisted in notice of the Literature, Science, and Art of the first fifteen years of the centniy, and concluded with advice especially to the young to read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest the literature instanced. The 41 talk" was a very happy effort and sustained the close attention of the audience throughout. We have had space only for a mere outline of Mr Currie's remarks, but he criticised events at times in eloquent, forcible, and impartial terms. At the conclusion Mr Currie was loudly applauded, and a vote to thanks for the intellectual treat was carried by acclamation on the motion of Air Begg seconded by Mr Castles. M r Currie responded by intimating that due notice would be given of the next lecture. 