blackballed. By ;<Playecil," of the S. F. Ahcoxaut. It would be highly interesting to know some of the most prominent reasons for blackballing men at clubs. Every man who has had a hand in clnb government knows that the reasons given afterward in an unofficial way to the friends of the defeated candidate are pure gammon. They are usually wofully and purposely far from the truth. A few nights ago I sat beside a solemn club official at the far end of a long table. We were quite apart from the others and talking quietly, while the financial com mittee figured industriously at the treasurer's report. Presently the chair man announced that the balloting for members would begin, the first name being Air Dash, who was proposed by So and-So, and seconded by such a member. "Dash is your brother-in-law, isn't he 2" I asked the man at my side. "Ta-as." "I've seen him here with you so much that I thought he was a member. " "Ya-as." The secretary passed the box around with the care usually practiced to enable men to Tote without any one seeing the color of the ball voted, and then, drop ping into his chair, pushed the box as far toward us as he could with one hand, while he passed some papers to the chair man with the other. He knew that my companion and 1 were old friends, and supposed we had no secrets in club matters. We both leaned forward and I put iu a white ball. To my amazement my companion blackballed his own brother- in-law. I glanced at him en quiringly, fearing that he had made a mistake, but saw in an instant that he knew what he was about. The secretary opened the inner compartment of the box carelessly, stared, and said without the least trace of official dignity: •'Pilled, by ihunder." There was a deep hush, and then some body Eaid it was tough on Billy Dash. "It is the role.'' said the chairman, ponderously, but with an uneasy glance at the man by my side, "never to discuss during the meeting of the board the question of a defeated candidate. It's devilish hard, I admit, to have this board excludo a man who is a close friend and near relative of our second oldest mem ber, but it is done, and no discussion will be in order until the next monthly meeting." Mr Dash's brother-in-law bowed with great composure, and the meeting went on. He started hurriedly away when the session was over, but came back as I wis going out and met me on the steps. "Where'll you be to-night ?" he asked, stolidly. "Fa coming here for a bite after I've seen Cameron." "I'll join yon." "Thanks." 'You're quite welcome," he said, with a grin ; "don't ask anybody else." I didn't remember that I'd asked him with much fervor. He started away, hesitated and looked back, and stopped. " I say," be remarked, " that looked rather morose and raw up in the committee room, eb V " It was the most extraordinary per formance I ever saw." " I'll tell you about it to-night ; got to take my wife home from her mother's, and it's nearly nine now." IVhen I returned that night the club was hot over the Dash affiiir. The man who had proposed him was patting on his hat and coat, and remarking, as I passed the billiard-room: " If this club's too good for Billy Dash, it's too good for me ; and if the governors are such exclusive celebrities that they won't put Billy through, even when his own broiher-m in.iT is one of them, I'm out. There's no better man in Xew York than Billy, and he went to school with half the men in the club. Yet he's pilled." The question of who had black-balled Billy Dash was raging at its height, when the brother-in-law of that unfortunate strolled in with his customaiy air of serene indifference to everything on earth. He was condoled with on all sides. Ho listened to the protests with out a word, and several members said that he showed thereby how confoundedly cut up he was over the matter. When wa were alone he said : ; " Itlooked like stabbing a friend in the back, I know, but I had to do it. You know I'm most easily disturbed in money matters ; nothing else bothers me, but X can't go being short. Well, I owe Billy fifteen hundred." " X suppose he thought you'd do your best to help him, since he'd helped you." " Of course ; hut I went against him. ril tell you why. The note came due five days ago, and here are some of the documents in the case." He pulled out more than a score of telegrams and laid them ou the table. " I received seven of these the first day. This cne came to my house at breakfast time. It reads t It's a lovely day.—Dash-' " I had bean worrying over the fifteen hundred all night, for I knew X couldn't get any money for ten days, and this set me off anew. Billy knows X can a] ways get the stuff from home, though I'm sometimes embarrassed for a time. I rammed the telegram into my pocket, told my wife it was nothing, and went over to the Brunswick to get a cigar fit to smoke. The cashier handed me a telegram. Here it is: "' Trust you are enj aying your usual ex cellent health.—D.' " I bit off about an inch of the cigar and went over to my broker's on Broad way, near the Hoffman. The girl opera tor handed me this before I could look at the ticker: " ' Yours truly.—D. I sat there for an hour while the mar ket jumped on me harder and harder every minute, and then went over to Delinonico's for a fizz. The waiter laid a couple of letters and this telegram on the table- It read3— * The morning sun is shining bright.—B.' " I began to feel like a criminal who is hounded from place to place by the ghost of his crime, and X was positively afraid to go back to the office for fear of getting more messages. So I came here for a little exercise around a billiard-table, and the steward gave me this : " The aroma of the rose is sweet.—D.' "I shook, begad. It was not yet noon, but I weut up to the stable to take a spin up the road. There, sticking in the win dow of the harness case, was this : " 'The horse i • man s bsst friead—D. " Oh, grin away. It's wonderfullv humorous when you're in a hole to have somebody tantalise you by electricity. I got the mare out and never felt happy till I struck the road. No one was abroad and I stretched her out till the people stood still and stared after us. She went like a streak and I yelled like a clown as we skimmed along, because I knew no message could catch me then. When I got up to Judge Smith's I had her j smoothed off and blanketed, and started towards the second floor to have a com fortable luncheon. I met the judge on the stairs and he seemed so glad to see me that I felt quite cheerful. Then he told me he had been afraid I wouldn't come up that day, and supposed he'd have to send a man down to the city with this telegram : " * A rural scene delights the eye.—D.' " I could have yanked Judge Smith's patri—patriarch—ehi"— " Patriarchal." " Thanks—beard off of his antique chin. Of course, my appetite wasspoilecL I grew afraid to go anywhere, begad, for fear of meeting Billy Dash, and every day theBe telegrams poured in on me. At night I have frequently driven here from my house in a closed cab for fear Pd meet the man who holds my note. Once here I knew I was safe from him, for he wouldn't come around just before the bal loting, and 1 made up my mind Fd have one asylum where I could escape him any how. So I decided to keep him out. Be comes to the house,but he'll never bother me here. I know I owe him the money, and he may need it veiy much, as I jjnderstand he's short of the market, bat I'm not a AVestern Union receiving de partment by a large majority. Fm going to explain it all to him and to others hereafter whenever Fm asked, but I won't' let him into my club." I remember a man who received five black-balls out of ten in a club once be cause he insisted that paper collars were more cleanly and presentable than linen, and always wore them boldly. He was otherwise a charming fellow. On another occasion a governor of a wild Bohemian club slammed a big black-ball into the box with the disgusted remark that "there are sufficiently expert tanks in this club now, without electing Simpson," the speaker being a tremendous drinker, while SimpBon imbibed at rare intervals only. At the first meeting of a clever club, which is now highly successful, there were seven members of the board of trustees around the table when the name of a distinguished litterateur, who is also a colossal bore, came up. The box was placed in a corner of the room and the trnstees went up, one at a time, and, selecting a ball from a small urn near by, droppad it into the box. They were all men more or less known about town and in the professions. When the bora's name came up they rose in a body and started for the box, looked at one another in confusion, and sat down abruptly. Then they went up in order, and when all seven of them had voted, the secretary opened the box, gave a wild, inhuman shriek, and turned out forty-two black balls. The story went the rounds and the club is still known as the Black-ball Club, though that is not its official title. The son of a family of great soolal position came up at a fashionable olub a short time ago, when the youngest member of the board dropped bis ballot into the box, and said, sepulchrally : "Good-night 1" "Mv deah chap," cried one of his com panions, aghast, "you're never going against him V "Kawther." "But whycriod the others, in chorus. "Why, you don't suppose I'm so—ah— lost to the feelings that should actuate gentlemen—ah—in such mattahs as to Tote fob a fellah who weahs a short coat and a high hat on the avenue, do you 1" They bowed their heads. The reason was completely satisfactory. An unknown man can get into anyclnb if proposed by a popular member, ~ but men of notoriety and fame are black balled with pitiless severity. George Gould, though a genial, unassuming, and well-mannered man, would be scalped alive in clubdom, if he gave the voters a chance, because he's his father's son. He was prevailed upon to put up his name at the exclusive St. ^Nicholas, to which club he was eligible, but be with drew it, wisely, before election day. If the truth, were known about certain club elections, what a splitting of life long friendships there would be. 