Mise.ellaneous. ' "V At Portland (Vic.), on Friday last, a man" named Try bulloted himself par a revolver. ' Tha South Australian Government doesn't want the Vancouver Island cable. They ra warned by example. Arthur Adair was again before the Watej Police Court on Friday. Remanded until the arrival of warrant from England. At the Central, the other day, Sydney McGoTern "and W. Einchela were "committed for assaulting and robbing Robert Turner in Sussex- street. The Prince of Wales — not Bertie, but a steam-tug — was run down and sunk by the ehip Peterborough on Friday morning. Engineer and fireman drowned. Thurston represents England on the Anglo-Gorman Commission on the Samoa affair. England's Thurston Samoaland opposes Germany's thirst for some moro land. Joseph Banks has gone wrong at Port Augusta (S.A ) — four charges of embezzlement — committed for trial. This is a nasty jar for the ghost of tha grand old botanist who came out with Captain Cook. Sarah Horsey, who stabbed Constable Hickey, has been fined £0 or two months. This is the first Horsey woman the constable has had deal ings with, and the mstallicians refuse to take aog- nissnce of the affair. When the Prince of Wales was expected at Niagara Falls, Mr. Bennett, proprietor of ths New- York Herald, instructed his reporter to secure the telegraph wires. This could only be done by keeping them at work on the principal of ' First come, fir«t served;' but there was for a time nothing to report. The reporter, therefore, asked what he should do. ' Send on the Book of Proverbs,' was the reply. The Books of Proverbs concluded, the re porter added to the last verse, ' No sign of the Prince. What next ? ' 'Give us Ecclesiastes,' was the -answer; and the operators were kept at their long and unusual Scripture lesson at a heavy price until tho cannon thundered, and the long-expected Prince came in sight of the great cataract. In the portfolio of Mr. Longfellow, soon after his death, were found the following lines to his wife, which were written by him in July, 1#79> hut were not made public until recently : In the long, sleepless watches of the night, A gentle face— tho face of one long dead- Looks at ma from the wall, where round its head The night lamp easts a halo of pale light, Here in this room she died, and soul more white NeTer through martyrdom of fire wa« led To its repose ; nor can in hooks he read The legend of a life more henedight. There is a mountain in the distant West That, 6un defying, in its deep' ravines Displays a cross of Bnow upon its side. Such is the er.oss I wear upon my breast These eighteen years, throngh'all the changing scenes' And seasons, changeless since the day she died. About bo years ago, on the coast of Peru, there was a story extant that the Indians in Aha Peru were in the habit of chewing the leaves of a plant or shrub, which would stave off- hunger, thirst, sleep, and fatigue, and that they used it when working in the silver mines on such occasions as they were allowed to raise ore for their ewn benefit. This shrub was the identical Cocaine. A celebrated traveller remarks : " For the past 12 years I have been in the constant habit of using Erythroxylon Coca, always taking it 15 drops in x wineglass with two teaspoons of water before going « journey or undertaking any unusual exertion , and as I am now 82 years of age, it has, at least, not done me much harm. I also repeat the dose on cempleting my work. But the great object I have In view in asking for your notice of the subject is that Cocaine is stia to be a grand panacea for seasickness." This, if true, weuld indeed be a great blessing to travelling mankind, and make it indeed a wonder. It is said to deaden the nerves of the stomach, and thus aid in keeping off the 1 mal-de-raer.' A reporter, having dined wifcb some friends, attended a lecture afterwards, and favoured the world with the following report : " Tho leotnre last evening was a brilliant affair. The hall ought to have been filled, but, we are sorry to Eay, only forty persons were present. The speaker commenaod by saying that ho was by birth an ecclesiastioal de duction ; gave a learned description of Satan, and his skill in sawing trsos. Among other thiDgs, he stated that tho pfctriaroh Abraham taught Oeorops arithmetic. We trust that the eloquent divme may be induced to repeat that leoturo some day." This is what the lecturer said to the reporter: "Dear girj in a report of my leoture in your beautiful city, you made some mistakes which I wish to oor- rect. You have made ma speak of myself as by birth an ' ecclesiastical deduolion. What I said was that I was not by birth, but only ecclesiasti cally, a Dutchman. Instead of Satan sawing trees, I spoke of him sowing tares. I said nothing of Abraham, butlspokeof the Arabians as being nomads of patriarchal simplicity. I aid that Cecrops was the founder of Athens, and instructed the people in, agriculture." _ 