IRELAND IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. THE HOME RULE BILL. ABLE SPEECH BY MR. M'CARTHY. MR. HEALY SMITES TREVELYAN. The adjourned debate on the second reading of the bill was resumed on Friday, 21st May, by Mr. Justiu M'Carthy, who was received with prolonged Irish cheers. He said he had to congratulate the supporters of the bill on its improving and ripening prospects. Those prospects have been brought about by things occurring within the House. I think that the lengthened debate whioh we have already had in this House has done some good. (Hear, hear.) I have no intention o! referring to any of the points accruing concerned in last night's debate, though they are not unimportant, but it is well that the House of Commons should have a particular illustration of the extent to which seotarian hatred and the long exieting spirit of ascendancy, bitterness, and anger and passion in the North of Ireland depend upon the patronage and support of men in England. (Irish chders.) On that ground I am disposed to be glad that we heard some extraordinary constitutional doctrines preaohed so lately in this House by the noble lord the member for Paddlngton. (Hear, hear.) I am even disposed to be glad at the warlike statement made by the hon. member, who I believe has not only the honour to be a member of thlH House, but 1b ako a full private in a gallant regiment of militia. (Irish cheers and laughter.) But some events that have taken place and some words used outside the walls of this House have also done much good in bringing about improved prospeots for this great measure. (Irishcheers.) I would like to refer especially to one or two remarkable speeches made within the last week. At one time it appeared to me as if a single speech made by the Marquis of Salisbury was likely to prove the most powerful agent yet devised for bringing about tbe sucaess of this great measure. (Hear, hear.) The noble Marquis made a speech so full of pasBion and ranoour—he endeavoured to revive the worst of tbe No-Popery spirit—he spoke with a violence, energy, and bittferness—that certainly did not beoome one in his position. He spoke in words of admonition to the opponents of the measure to " sharpen their swords." I could not help thinking that if the right bon, gentleman at tbe head of Her Majesty's Government had a chance of meeting the noble lord on some platform he might well address to him the words of Shakspeare in " King John," addressed by Faulconbridge toanother Salisbury, "Come, Salisbury, put up your sword betimes or I'll so maul you and your toasting iron that you Bhall think the devil himself has come to take you." (Great laughter.) I trust Lord Salisbury will put up his toasting iron, and not flourish it any longer during the remainder of this controversy. (Irish cheers.) The defeot of Lord Salisbury's programme doeB not give tbe slightest idea of how to bring about all the magnificent things he wishes for. Therefore we may say that so far as any particular settlement of the case is concerned we are still left with tbe old remedy of coercion, and the old suggestion as to the "sharpening of swords." Then another prominent figure in this present controversy is that of the noble marquis the member for Rossendale. Now, I have entire respect for the position oocupied by the noble marquis. (Hear, hear.) He has never professed to have any sympathy with the national olaims of the Irish people—(hear, hear)— but, on tbe other hand, I am bound to •ay he has always been consistent, and never said, so far as I know, anything unfair or unkindly of tbe Irish people. (Hear, hear.) His attitude has been simply one of negation, saying, " I won't do this, I won't do that, I won't do the other thing." (Laughter,) But he has no suggestion to make on his own behalf or on the part of his friends. (Hear, hear.) We may therefore aafely leave him out of consideration when seekiDg where to turn for a settlement of the question. So that there ia nothing open but the measure which the bead of her MajeBty's Government proposes. (Irish cheers.) There is indeed another, and in some respects, perhaps, a more interesting figure prominent in this controversy. (Cheera and laughter.) Novel writers are aaid to be fond of what 1b called a " complex character." (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I thick that in the right hon. gentleman I »m referring to we havo a moat oomplex character—the member for West Birmingham.KB (Laughter.) At bbe time it was well understood that he had a plan of his own. I remember reading a statement of the late Lord Beaconsfield, then Mr. Disraeli, delivered many years ago, and a passage in it straok me as being not inappropriate to the present state of things. He was discussing some of Peel's early projects —at that time be was more friendly to Peel than he afterwards beoame. He was speaking to a member who had been a follower of Peel, but who was falling away somewhat. The member aBked Disraeli what he thought of the Prime Minister's policy, and said, " Oh, we don't want his plan—what we want is Popkins' plan"—(great laughter)—and Disraeli replied, " Sir, I object to this country being convulsed for the sake of Popkins." (Roars of laughter.) But, Mr. Speaker, we are now in the inconvenient position that we have not even Popkins* plan. (Laughter.) Popkins' plan has been withdrawn—(laughter)—and no one seems prepared to come forward in the place of Popkins. (Laughter.) But we may hope the member for West Birmingham will yet bring something forward and let us know what he proposes. Why do we aocept the measure—why do we admire it 1 It is because it is a measure for the self- government of Ireland —(Irish cheers)—because for the first time Bince the Union a great Minister and party have raised the national flag of Irish self- government. (Irish cheers.) In that spirit, and with that view, we cordially accept the bill whioh proposes to give us a Parliament in College-green. (Cheers.) 0! course we know just now that there is a very strong and passionate desire growing up amongst members of this House and out of doors that the Irish members should continue always to retain their places in Westminster. Well, I can only say that we feel proud, not to say vain, for tbe extraordinary position we have come to. (Irish cheers and laughter.) It is surely most delightful and flattering to us to be told that we are the keystone of the Imperial arch. (Irish cheers and laughter.) It now appears that once we are withdrawn this splendid structure falls to pieces. (Laughter.) Our opinion of ourselves grows every day. I was very much impressed by an argument used at an early stage of this debate by the right hon. gentleman the member for Bradford. In the course of a singularly able and eloquent speech he impressed on the House the necessity and importance of leaving the IriBh members free to do tbe work of their own country, and that alone, for he showed what immense—what terrible—need we have to devote ourselves, with all the energy in our power, to bringing the country into the way of prosperity. We have indeed a great and responsible work to do. Think of tbe number of demands we have made unsuccessfully to this Parliament from year to year, from generation to generation. Think of the number of wants to be supplied, and still left unsupplled. Think of the mere question of national education, primary, university, and technical education. We want to give our country a meaBure of education whioh the Irish people, hungering and thirsting as they are for culture, will be able to accept as an ample and satisfactory settlement of their juat claims. (Irish cheers.) On that point members of this House know there 1b a considerable' concurrence between ProteBtaDts and Catholics In Ireland. (Irish cheers.) There is a vast number of Irish Protestants who object to secular education as much as Irish Catholics. As to university education, that is, of course, in a moBt unsatisfactory condition ia Ireland—(hear, hear;—and tbe House will well remember how scheme after scheme on that subjeot baB been brought forward in Parliament; how some Bchemes were rejected, some acoepted, amended, and rejeoted, and none of them going near to a satisfactory reform—to the universal demand of the Irish people. (Irish cheers.) A scheme such as we desire would be settled in an Irish Parliament in the course of a single session. (Irish cheers.) Many of the trades and manufactures of Ireland would beoome prosperous and vigorous if there was only sufficient technical education in the country. (Irish cheers.) I do not believe that one of the wants of Ireland is— as has been stated—the want of capital from abroad, of which we hear so much. A committee sat to consider the subject of Irish industries upstairs, and Bome of the best authorities told us that there was in Ireland itself capital enough, but the capital wanted fluidity. It was there, but it waB lifeless. That would not long continue if we had an Irish Parliament. Our capital under a Home Rule Government would be induced to flow—(hear, bear)—for we would have industry aud trade, (Irish cheers.) We would bring all the resources of the country into play—(bear, hear)—as to Irish fisheries, piers, harbours, canals, navigation, roads —in fact, with regard to almost everything concerning tbe internal traffic and life of the country. I never can join in any very strong attack on Orangemen. (Iriah cheers.) I do not think the leaders mean muoh fight, and I sinoerely bope they do not mean any fight. (Hear, hear.) When they oool down a little, and the battle does not oome off, and the swords or " toasting irons" are sheathed, and tbe revolvers which have been ordered, we are told, in such vast numbers, are sent back to the makers, and tbe rotten eggs which have been ordered elsewhere have been buried in the earth—(laughter)—the Orangemen may see that the wisest thing is to settle down with us and let us all "take off our * coats" and go to work together for the regeneration of our common country. (Cheers from the Parnellites, in which Mr. Gladstone joined.) One good thing, Mr. Speaker, this debate haa done—it has entirely disposed of the mythical Ulster which was believed in by so taany. (Cheers.) We have shown that Ulster is by ihe majority of its population aud of its representatives a national province of Ireland, We have heard over and over again that the Ulster members would do this and that. Who are tbe Ulster members ? One of them—Mr. Wo. O'Brien—sits below me. I presume he would not vote for the exclusion of Ulster from the national Parliament. There are a number of Ulster membets sitting around me who are amongst the most advanced members of the Irish National party. I do tiot suppose they would vote for the exclusion of Ulster. In fact, there is nothing we could desire better than that this House Bhould by some machinery take a plebiscite amongst the population of Ulster —(Home Rule cheers)—and we should then Boon see what was left to be said for the proposal to exclude Ulster from the shelter of an Irish Parliament. (Home Rule cheers.) The right hon. gentleman will listen to no suggestion for any serious mutilation of his measure. (Prolonged Home Rule cheers.) I strongly hope he will listen to no suggestion about hangii.g up this measure for another y*ar. (Renewed Home Rule cheers.) I trust that he will do exictlv as he did in the great reform struggle of 1866, of which he was the most prominent man. I well remember the peroration of that memorable and magnificent speech with which he wound up one of the great debates of the Reform Bill in ] 866. I well remember with what power and eloquence, quoting from the noble words of Virgil, he prophesied than an "avenger would soon arise from the bones of those who were to perish on that field." (Loud cheers from the Home Rulers, in which Mr. Gladstone joined with much animation.) Yery soon tbe avenger did arise, and, curiously enough, from the quarter to which you might least have looked for it. The Reform Bill in the following year was brought in by the Tory party. (Hear, hear.) If I might venture to be prophetic now I would say to the right hon. gentleman that the avenger will surely rise from the bones of those who may perish in the fight. Let him persevere, and let the enemies of this bill and of Home Rule do their worst. (Loud and prolonged Home Rule cheers.) On them and on their heads be the responsibility—tbe terrible responsibility \- for any course that may follow such a result as that. But let the right hon. gentleman go straight on to victory. (Home Rule cheers.) One thing I will say to him with perfect confidence. I have not been much given to pouring out language of high compliment to him, but I would say, come what will, the right hon. gentleman has secured national self-government for Ireland. (Home Rule cheers, in which the Chief Secretary for Ireland joined.) The Irish people feel that and know that— (cheers)—and they will never forget it. (Prolonged Home Rule cheers.) But the right hon. gentleman, I trust, will persevere. He has been invited, or challenged, to go to the country. By all means, if it be necessary, let UB go to the oountry, and ask the English people and the Scotch people what tbey think of the right hon. gentleman and the cause he now has at heart. (Home Rule oheers.) Let . us fight the battle here first—let them do all they can to in j are and destroy the bill. If they do destroy it, then let Parliament be dissolved—let us go to the oountry, and in the good old phrase whioh used to precede the ordeal by battle, " God defend the right." (Loud Home Rule cheers.) Other members having spoken, the debate wan adjourned on the motion of Viscount Lymtugtoo. TUESDAY. The debate was opened to-night by Viscount Lymington, who opposed the bill. Sir C. Russell, Attorney-General for Eugland, followed in support of the measure, and said ho had listened to the speech of tbe noble lord with considerable interest, but be was bound to say that he found it difficult to 'Understand exactly the grounds upon whioh the noble lord had based hiB opposition to the bill. Alt those who were in favour of the prin- olple of the bill—the constitution Legislative Assembly in Ireland administrative and legislative f„;„ v, »m| -should vote for thi «econd2 01,i (Ministerial cheers.) He olaiS votes of all such hon. member. . though It might be that th*%S Bt the subsequent stages depE on the safeguards provided, (gj hear.) He need soarcely addr«« hi!!' self to hon. gentlemen opposite n all knew what were the views of mil of those hon. members. Th<», u_.iT™ plus tbe policy of the 26th of Jannan the suppression of the National LearnC (Tory oheers)—the party opposite adoDto the supplementary policy of twenty yZ of resolute coercion. He observed to that was not so loudly cheered, nw There was a second set of objectors represented by the noble lord the mem', ber for Rossendale and the tight hon gentleman the member for a division oi Birmingham. Although he had striven to do so, be found it exceedingly difficult to draw any line of demaroatiori between the opposition of these right hon. gentlemen and that of a great many of tin gentlemen opposite. He found that the noble marquis, in a speech the other day in Bradford, said he had always felt objections—strong objections—toward, even making an attempt to give Ireland the management of her own affairs, and he further declared that the greatest concession he was able to make to tbe demands for concession to the Irish tentiment for national self-government Bai what he (Sir Charles Russell) might describe as homceopathio doses of local government, to bB administered in the intervals of good behaviour. Another CISBB of objectors were represented by the member for West Birmingham and the member for t.he Border Bnrghs, and be had some difficulty in knowing ci realising what are exactly the ground) of their objection to the principle oi tbe bill. Having referred to the tergivemtions of Mr. Chamberlain, he said tbstai an Ulsterman himself he desired to say a few words on the question of Ulster. He did not wish to be offensive, but he desired to say that tbe objections from Ulster came iu part from those who entertained a real but an unfounded fear; but tbe great volume of noise and protests that came were manufaotnred. (Cheers.) There was a good deal of bluster, a good deal of bunoombe. (Irish and Liberal cheers, and Opposition criei of " Oh, oh.") They heard all the same thing at tbe time of tbe passing of the Irish Church Act. Why, the senior member for Dublin University (Mr, Plunket)—he desired to speak of him with the greatest possible respeot—used language at that time which as read now seemed positively ludicrous. Instead of the Rev. Mr. Kanes and the Rev, Mr. Hannas of the present day, they had then the Rev. Mr. Ferrers and the Bev. Mr. Ellis, a Fellow of Trinity College, The former declared :— c9n ipe the 'qu 'le : It -a It Ir go ta if ri lo c th h w d o f w t If tbey want us to die as martyr! j —(laughter)—we will die aB soldiers firjt. (Renewed laughter.) The Rev. Mr, Ellis declared:— We will fight, and if needs he we will di« —(hear, hear)—we will die as our fatheri | did before us—(loud laughter)—we will die as our sons will die after UB—(renewed laughter)—yes; we will die, and our dying cry will echo and re-eoho from earth to heaven— (laughter)—and from one end of Ulster to the other. (Great laughter.) He could only say of these gentlemen that their Protestantism entirely eclipsed their Christianity. (Lo™ cheers.) He bad no word of abuia for the rank and file of the Orange party. (Irishcheers.) He believed thej were misguided, greatly misguided,DM he thought they were creatures in hands of others—(cheers)-men who Men them for selfish and personal enfli. ( °Mr. t8 Flynn, M.P. for North Cork, in a clever and impressive speech, supported the measure before the House. Mr. Pen wick, an English labour representative, announced his intention oi voting for the seoond reading. Mr7Trevelyan followed in a venomoni speeoh against the bill. . . Mr. T. M. Healy, who was race'™* with loud oheers, replied. He satd:- We all know the very great statesman like qualities, the great literary gifts. ^a the very high capacity of the right ton. gentleman who has just sat down- (laughter)—and we must agree that"« werf possible to govern Ireland upontb existing system, if anyone oould »«• made success it would have been the right hon. gentleman. (Cheers.)^ ever, I don't think that even he ™ claim, when he comes to write bu biography—(laughter) that h.s conneo tiol with our country w»s inch .. w««- that he will be very much .nctaedto boast of it. (CheerH.) Therefore, ^ we find the right hon. gentlema,, the immense capacity and tho many sy pathetic qaaUties-(laughter)-»nd attainments of the righ t bon. ttrtgjft having madesuoh a failure in Ireland ould a'k the House with what authority I'in the rlgh' hon. gentleman presume to nsak here to-night upon the measure of 'the Prime Minister. (Cheers.) What * Hties does he bring to entitle him to I leak a judge upon this debate ? Is lit the past experience of failure—(cheers) I— an experience of desertion—(loud I Irish cheers)—for when we are told what [ Ireland waDts is a firm government, a I government of resolute coercion, to maintain the law by vigour and by persistency— jfvfe don't find these qualities In the ,ieht ton. gentleman, where are we to (look for themP (Irish and Liberal (cheers.) After two years he sickened of I the job. (Loud Irish cheers.) Where is Lis eiicoessor 1 (Loud cheers.) Out of irhich of the ranks of the Liberal diBssldent« will you seek for the man to carry oat Lord Salisbury's policy of ooerolon f ot twenty years? In this business ate very greatly Instructed by the f»ct that while the right hon. gentleman opposes this measure, it | j B very strongly supported by another : gasman who was connected with him i in Ireland, and it is very remarkable that ! ffhile the right hon. gentleman was only i for two years in Ireland Lord Spencer ed two Viceroyalties in Ireland. „jers.) He did not desert Ireland before bis Government fell— (Irish cheers) —and I think it would have been highly inBtrnotive if the right hon. gentleman would give the House some explanation why he left the side of Lard Spencer in Ireland. (Irish cheers.) The right hon. gentleman said that if a little alteration vm made in the bill It might be easily made acceptable. We would like to know what these alterations are. Where in his plan ? (Irish and Liberal cheers.) We have before us a consistent and logical scheme. If you destroy that, what will you put in Its place? Are the Liberal dlsgentlents going into the lobby to vote for the ghost of a scheme la preference to a thing of flesh and blood 1 (Cheers.) The hon. member began his speech by quoting from a paper three or four thousand mileB sway—from the Irish World. No Irish newspaper is ever quoted, while American newspapers arid American speeches are continuously quoted. If the Irish World is continually quoted against us I think it would have been more honest and fair if the right hon. gentleman had allowed us the privilege of reading the newspaper for the last three years. (Irish cheers.) I don't know anything tibat can be supposed to be a greater stain on your Government in Ireland than that a high official, of high principles and great honour, mnst in the position of the Government in Ireland tear open newspapers and letters sent to persons like me. (Irish cheers.) Mr. Trevelyan—That is a serious imputation. I never opened a newspaper or letter in my whole life. (Cheers.) Mr. Healy—All I know is that I never got the paper while the right hon. gentleman was in Ireland, and that I have got it ever since he left, for even the Tory Government were ashamed to enter on the miserable business of Grahsmising letters and newspapers. The right hon. gentleman may not have opened my letters ; but if he did not do it himself he got someone else to do it for him; and what English members have to consider is this—that if you reject this scheme the alternative programme offered is the sending of highminded Ministers like the right hon. gentleman to Ireland, and getting lowminded officials to do their dirty work. (Irish cheers.) If the Freeman and the Nation and other Irish newspapers were good enough before, why does he go 3000 miles away to the Irish World?_ I will tell you why. The reason is because for years and years the Irish World has never ceased to attack us—(Irish cheers)—because it has been cur most persistent enemy. Let me tell him this. We are sometimes tannted in this House with being recipients of American money. I spoke in Chicago after a great convention attended by over 1000 representatives of the Irish race in the country, and I told them, when what was termed an " advanced policy" was recommended, that the policy of the Irish members was no more to be influenced by American dollars than by British gold. When I made that statement it was cheered to the echo by these thousands, but that sentence was omitted by the Irish World. We may be told, perhaps, that we rewived money through that newspaper. Well, so we did—that Is, the Laud Jj»agne received subscriptions through «» columns—but we would have got we subscriptions If the Irish World "ever existed. It might be added that the Irish National Leagne never received subscriptions through the Irish »°rl&. The speech of Mr. Finnerty, quoted by the right hon. gentleman, was Delivered on Emmet's Day, and I asked or t l »e date, and that Emmet's Day, so as he remembered, was on the 4th of March, and the bill was brought 0 I » the 8th April, though the right hon. gentleman stated distinctly that the speech of Finnerty was made long after the bill of the Prime Minister was brought in. This simply showed the vice there is in having important Irish questions discussed iu this haphazard fashion. Look at the way in which we have been misrepresented in the past by a gang of conspirators in Dublin who cater news for newspapers in England. The other day Earl Spencer made a speech in the city of Newcastle, and the following day — I was speaking at the National League the day before—it was represented in the English papers that I had declared that I had never withdrawn anything I said about Earl Spencer, and never would, whereas my speech was in effect directly the opposite. (Hear, hear.) I said I would withdraw nothing where nothing was proved, but at the same time I paid a tribute to the- magnanimity of his character, and compared It with that of some other right hon. gentleman very much like the right hon. member for the Border Burghs. (Loud ironical Irish cheerB.) But let us assume that the present Irish members are a very bad lot —(laughter)—wholly unregenerated. Are these toiling peasants of Ireland, who have been rackrented and crushed, to remain so for ever 1 Are these people to be deprived of their rights because their representatives in times of passion and crisis have made speeches stronger than Englishmen would like ? Why, the thing is absurd. (Cheers.) The action of the Prime Minister has produced a softness of heart amongst us. (Cheers.) I would ask, Is it desirable to let so acceptable a moment pass away ? (Cheers.) Is it desirable to thwart, baffle, and obstruct the man who is recognised by all to be the greatest English statesman of the century—(loud cheers)—and if he is unable to settle this question and Bettle it at this moment, whioh of your puny whipsters is going to settle it ? (Laud and prolonged Irish and Ministerial cheers.) All these arguments about the dismemberment of the Empire, separation, and setting claBS againBt cIsbb, and the ruin of civil servants, are familiar to the Prime Minister. He heard them all fifty years ago, before ^most of us were born. (Laughter.) I take a speech of Lord Derby delivered against the Canadian settlement in 1827. Lord Derby, then Lord Stanley, said—one would imagine it was the member for the Border Burghs (Mr. Trevelyan) who was speaking—(laughter)—he said :— "What would be the consequence of granting the Canadian demand 1 The establishment of a French Republic in Lower Canada. (Laughter.) The cession of legislative independence will remove the only check to the tyrannical power of a dominant majority." (Laughter and ironical cheers.) This is rather a West Birmingham (Chamberlain touch. (Great laughter.) He goes on :— "A majority (this is the pick of the thing) in numbers only, while in wealth, education, and enterprise it is greatly Inferior to the minority. (Loud laughter and ironical cheers.) The minority of the settlers are of British descent." Now we have a bit like what the hon. member for North Armagh (Major Saunderson) says. (Laughter.) " And one thing is certain: if these settlers find themselves deprived of British protection they will protect themselves. (Great laughter, and prolonged and ironical cheers,) Measures to this effect could be taken within six months after the session." (Laughter.) They were going to wait for six months, but the hon. gentleman —I was going to call him "gallant"— (laughter)—the member for Belfast (Mr. Johnston) announced that the step would be taken by the loyal minority on the very day after the introduction of this measure. (Laughter.) He spoke at a meeting of the " Royal Black Hobah Preceptory"—(great laughter)—which I presume are a species of Bombardiers in Dublin. He Baid :— " The very day of the introduction of this measure would be the signal for civil war." (Laughter.) Do hon. gentlemen opposite (Liberals), who talk of their duty to their constituencies and their desire to preserve the British Empire untarnished, believe that they are more patriotic than the Prime Minister? Have they contributed more to the greatness of the Empire than he has? (CheerB.) Who started the Home Rule movement in Ireland ? The Orange Society. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. Johnston—Mr. Speaker, I beg to contradict that most positively. Mr. Healy—Great latitude must be allowed to the hon. member, Mr. Speaker. (Laughter.) When we meet him in the field perhaps we shall have to take sterner measures. (Laughter.) The Home Rule movement was started by the Protestants and by the Orange Society. Nearly every man who met Isaac Butt in the Biltoq Hotel, after the passing of the Church Act, was a Protestant — many of them were Orangemen. The gentleman who acted as secretary to the great Home Eule Convention in 1873 was named Colonel King-Harmau. (Liughter.) They raiBed the flag of Home Eule, and we nailed it to the maBt. (Hear, hear.) No less a person than Cardinal Cullen, who was a staunch Churchman, took alarm at the idea of the country getting into the hands of the Orange and Protestant Nationalists, who, be believed, were acting in pique at the disestablishment of the Irish Church, and were not seriously intentioned ; and so it proved. When the Conservatives attained office in 1874 and gave away dignities, lord lieutenancies and deputy lieutenancies, such as the hon. and gallant member for Thauet ^obtained, this Home Rule party melted away. The right hon. member for Edinburgh Btated some time ago that Ulster pays the greatest] proportion of Irish taxes. It is monstrous that a gentleman occupying his position should make that declaration. He arrived at it by taking the Income-tax returns under Shedule. D and omitting Schedule D, dealing with mercantile and professional avocations, and not having any connection with agriculture. He said also that Ulster was the richest portion of Ireland. The fact is, there are fourteen counties In Lalnster and Munster richer than any single county in • Ulster. Meath is the richest county, Dublin pays three times the income-tax of Belfast, and if we contrast Waterford and Derry, Waterford pays three times the Income-tax of Derry. Education is also claimed for Ulster. Dublin has 50,000 more of population than Belfast, but in Dublin there are only 869 illiterate voters, while there are in Belfast 1559\. Then, again, there are more illiterates in Ulster than in Munster. (Hear, hear.) Enn over the whole gamut, turn it as you please, you will find that in wealth, education, arid intelligence, as testified by statistics, Ulster is much below Leinster. I should like to ask what has driven Irish members to speak words of ferocity in the House. (Hear, hear,) We are men like yourselves, and just as we have been driven to exhibit those fierce feelings by one line, may we not now, by different treatment, be compelled to exhibit other and kindly feelings? I believe in the alchemy of justice, and its permanent effects, and you will find if you treat the Irish people with justice they will join in endeavouring to make this empire one of which we may all be proud. (Cheers.) Oa the motion of Mr. Rigby the debate was adjourned. MB. PABNELL'S SPEECH ON THE ABMS ACT. Mr. Parnell—I had intended, sir, to ask the right hon. gentleman the Chief Secretary whether he would not agree to the omission of sub-section 4 of seotion 4 of the expiring Act, which he described to the House; and I aleo intend, in addition, to ask whether he would not agree to take power for the licensing authority to revoke any licenses that may have been issued to have or carry arms in any district. The Chief Secretary—We have the power already by the Lord Lieutenant's proclamation. Mr. Parnell—I did not understand that the proclamation could empower the licensing authority to revoke the license himself, but that the process was a very roundabout and difficult thing to bring about. A proclamation has to be advertised in the Dublin Gazette, and has to depend more or less on the oentral authority in Dablin Castle than on the local authority. I would not interfere with the power of the Lord Lieutenant to issue such a proclamation, but I think the power should be extended to the licensing authority themselves, and that they should have power to revoke licenses when once given. (Hear, hear.) Why do I ask this ? We complain, apart altogether from the general principle of the right to bear arms—we complain that Acts such as these have been injuriously and unfairly used in two different directions—they have been nsed, in the first place, to harass and annoy the Nationalists of Ireland. (Irish cheers.) They have been nsed unnecessarily to deprive respectable farmers of their shot-guns, which were intended for the purpose of scaring birds away from growing crops, and whioh they would not use except for that purpose. (Laughter from Tory members.) Any practical agriculturist will bear me out in saying that nothing iB better for scaring away rooks from crops than a shot-gun. (Renewed laughter from Ulster Tories). It is muoh better than any kind of scarecrow, even such as the hon. and gallant member for North Armagh (Major Saunderson) has been endeavouring to set up during the last few days or weeks so as intimidate the House of Commons in reference to ano'ber bill. (Irish cheers and great laughter.) But the Act has also been used generally to the annoyance of the population in different parts of Ireland. It has been used in a wholesale way. (Irish cheers.) I do not speak exactly of the past or existing Act, but of similar Aots used in a wholesale way to the annoyance of most respectable people in Ireland. (IriBh oheers.) The understanding we wish to come to is this, that since you have used the Act to disarm the Nationalist people of Ireland, so you will also use It to disarm the Orange population—at all events that section of the population which have Bhown by its freDzy and the frenzy of its leaders, and by its acts that, though it is not willing to take to the open field and fight, yet it always is willing to assassinate or attempt to assassinate— Colonel Warine—Oh, oh. Mr. Parnell—To assassinate those who happen to differ from them in political opinion. (Irish cheerB.) Well, sir, it cannot be contended for a moment that considerable need does not exist at the present moment for some precautionary steps on the snbjeot. (Hear, hear.) We have bad incitements coming from high quarters and from both sides of the House. (Irish cheers.) I won't say that the three ohief leaders of the Orangemen —Lord Salisbury, the right hon. gentleman the member for West Birmingham, and the noble lord the member for Paddington—really intended to promote assassination and murder. Colonel Waring—Oh, oh. Mr. Parnell—I am sure that that was not the intention of any of these hon. gentlemen, but certainly their words oan have no other effect. (Irish oheers.) To suppose for a moment that any seotion of the population of Ireland will ever, under any ordinary circumstances, take the field against the British Government is to suppose an absurd impossibility, and that a it Bhould be possible to incite the Orangemen of Ulster, numbering certainly not more than 15,000 or 20,000 men— Colonel Waring—Ho, ho. Mr. Parnell—Well certainly in some of the estimates recently made some of their spokesmen seemed to have oounted all the women and children, and even the very young children. (Laughter.) To suppose that the Orangemen of Ul- Bter, who, though they swore and -have threatened several times to rebel, have never yet rebelled, but who have very frequently, as I have already said, indulged in the pastime, at different periods of the year, of murdering and attempting to murder their Catholic fellow-oountrymen and neighbours—(hear, hear, and Irish cheers)—to suppose that these people should rebel is the very height of absurdity. (Irish oheers.) We all know now that the science of war has been brought to such a pitch of perfection that in a country like Irelandwhy, it would be almoBt the same thing for John Bull to go out and fight a pitched battle in his back garden as it would be for bim to carry on a war in Ireland—it would be utterly impossible for any body of men, no matter how warlike, if they were even as courageous as the hon. and gallant member for Armagh—(laughter) —to hold out for twenty-four hours to test the strength of the British army, so that we may put out of our heads the notion of Orangemen rising, or that there is any necessity for passing this measure for the purpose of preventing open and armed resistance to the forces of the Crown. But undoubtedly experience has shown us that there does exist, indeed, an apprehension at the present moment that there may be murder and assassination committed by Orangemen in Ulster possibly at the next general election—poBsibly at any time. TheBe threats have been published to the world. But they don't mean fight—(Irish cheers)—they mean murder. (Irish cheers.) Major Saunderson—No. Mr. Parnell—The hon. and gallant member for North Armagh has spoken on the subject—his words are on record as stating that he would beat the Nationalist members when they came canvassing in Ulster, and that it would be done by the bullet and not by the ballot. (Cries of " Oh," and Irish cheers.) Major Saunderson—I never said anything of the kind anywhere. Several Irish MemberB—You did. (Cries of "Withdraw.") Mr. Parnell—The hon. and gallant gentleman did say prior to the last election that that election would be decided in Ulster by the bullet and not by the ballot. Major Sannderson—I never said anything of the kind. Mr. Healy—You did. (IriBh cheers.) Major Sannderson—The speech referred to was one X made in the county Monaghan, in commenting on a speech made by the hon. member for South Londonderry, that the Orangemen of Ulster woiild not be overcome by the ballot, but by the bullet. (" Oh," and ironioal Irish oheers.) Mr. Parnell—I can only say that I have a distinct recollection to the ooia* • trary—(cries of " Order "—and that my statement of what the hon. and gallant gentleman said is correct, but I do not •wish to insist on it in view of the disclaimer of the hon. and gallant gentleman ; but I will ask the hoi), and gallant member whether, in seconding a vote of thanks to Lord Salisbury on Saturday lest, he stated that there would be plenty of customers for the gunmakere. Major Saunderson—Yes, in London. ("Oh," and laughter.) Mr. Parnell—We have heard of the hon. member carrying the war into Parliament, but I did not know that be was going to extend his operations to the larger field of London. (Laughter.) For some time past we have had examples of riotous and tumultuous meetings in Ireland on the part of the Orangemen of the North, where thousands of them have come together armed with revolvers—where sackloads of revolvers have been taken from thetn, according to the statement of a late Chief Secretary, and where they have kept up a fire from these revolvers into the air by hundreds for many minutes. I do not apprehend that demonstrations on suoh a large soale as this will be repeated at the coming general election—(hear, hear)—they did not attempt anything of the kind against us at the last general election—but it is possible there may be isolated attempts on a small scale to oreate riot and disturbance, and that they may result in the taking of the lives of some of the Nationalists. But, however this maybe, fron the point of view of equal justice we think that, before we are asked to agree to the second reading of this bill, the Chief Secretary should tell us that he intends to use it fairly and justly between the two sides, and that bb the Orangemen under the operation of the 4th sub- section, section '4, of the expiring Act have power to arm themselves, and Catholics are prevented from doing so, that it will be undone, and that in every case where arms are known to be in the hands of dangerous people, by license previously given or otherwise, that license will be taken away. (Irish oheers.) That is a reasonable request to make. It is a mockery to introduce the bill and say it shall only be applied to threefourths of the country. (Irish oheers.) If this law is to pass at nil it ought to be applied against all. (Hear, hear.) SCENES IN THE HOUSE. The following was one of the many scenes whioh occurred in the House of Commons during the debate on the Home Rule Bill:— Major Saunderson said that the property, the education, and the commerce of' Ireland were opposed to the bill. (Oh.) There were some landlords below tbe gangway—the exception proved the rale—and the hon. member for South Dublin was opposed as a landlord until it whs shown that somebody belonging to him was hanged in '98. (Hoars of laughter.) His alternative policy was to crush out the National League, aud England was not the country it, used to be unless it was able to do that, (Ironical cheers.) They should also be generous to Ireland, and he would make the farmers the owners of tbe soil of the country. (Irish oheers.) They were told that they were half rebels beoause they said the loyalists would resist this bill. Well, he would admit that Parliament oouid do anything it pleased, but there were certain things that it had no right to do. (Cheers.) If RuBBia subsidised and corrupted a section of tbe members in that House, and if those corrupted members voted a part of the British Empire to the dominion of Russia, would not the inhabitants of the divisions be justified in resisting such a measure? (Cries of "Oh, oh.) They had eighty-five Nationalists subsidised in the same way by America. (Cries of " Oh, oh.") Mr. Wm. O'Brien—That is false. (Irish cheers.) That's false, and you know it to be false. (Irish cheers, and cries of "Withdraw, withdraw.") Major Saunderson—I simply— Mr. O'Brien—You know it to be false. The Speaker—I muBt call on the hon. member for South Tyrone not to interrupt the hon. and gallant gentleman. (Opposition oheers.) Mr. W. O'Brien—It is false. The Speaker—If these interruptions are continued I must take serious notice of them. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. O'Brien—May I ask, Mr. Speaker, whether an hon. member is justified in saying what he knows to be false-that we are paid for being here by America P The. Speaker—Tbe expression of the hon. member (Mr. O'Brien) is quite unparliamentary, but, on the other hand, certainly, the hon. and gallant gentleman (Major Saunderson), if he intends to impute any unfair motives or unfair actions to the hon. members below the gangway, is quite out of order, and he w^ll have to withdraw the expression. (Irish cheers,), Major Saunderson—I did not mean to say anything derogatory. (Lsughter.) Lord R. Churchill—I rise to order. The hon. member for South Tyrone has accused tbe hon. member for North Armagh of stating what he knows to be false. I say that an expression of that kind oannofc be allowed to pass, and nliould be withdrawn and apologised .for. (Opposition oheers.) The Speaker—I told the hon. member for South Tyrone that bis expression is quite unparliamentary, but, at the same time, the remarks of the hon. and gallant member for North Armagh were of a very irritating nature, and I onll on both members now to withdraw their expressions. Mr. Sexton rose. The Speaker—" Order, order." The matter lies between the hon. member for South Tyrone aud the hon. member for North Armagh. Major Saunderson (who was met with loud Liberal and Irish cries of " Withdraw") said—I withdraw anything contrary to tbe rules of the House. Mr. O'Brien—Then so do I. (Hear, hear.) 