ST. JOHN'S OHURGE BAZAAR. On Thursday next the bazaar in aid of the Glebe Fundrof St. John's liurcl of England, Mattra will? be :,opened.; Thie Shire Hall has been engagedfor 'tlid occasion, and the public will .be ad initted at 4 p.im. Moat of our readers are doubtlesswell .acquainted with the working of these delightful ggtheriugs,, but we can assure': them tlatthoy ecan have liut a poor conception of thl treat whichiis in store for tliem on thie aus picious occasion. Our lady friodols as" 'siited hytlieir, fr?endse, hlave bdoiin rk ing with aiin energy not oftenl displayed, andeas a resulthave .umnd, cuollected, begged, borrowodilard wee wero;,going to sayostolen, but that would be libel lbiiovery article' inimginab?l; ";'io' bld',,'saying-"', from 'a? needle 'to:. an anclhor" Wiould 'hisrdly'coGer, the' 'work of their labiours, so that the publio will be able'to judge in some measureowhat they will be called upon'. to purchase. Tlie price of admission is only sixpence. `Sixpence! to see a' show wich.many would' gladly pay £1l for and.look pleas ant.. No doubt the committee had in mind the sixpence surplus of a now.de funct Government, and taking their cue firom this relied on as greata success as aptended the new Government. We hope so. Did- you ever see Pepper's OGhost I of course not. Well go to the bazaar. This is no' sham, but a real live ghost, and one that will draw'your -ery heart's blood if you do not spend about £5 apiece.. Loyalo, the Gipsy Queenh, one of the reigning beauties of the age,-will be there, and as her reve. lations have never yet boohl found uu true you can rely on having' your for-: tune told correctly, which.ttoany intel. ligent jmari' is worth athleast: £1,000 a year. !Again, we have Thought Read. .ing, one of the.most advaneed of meo dern sciences. The. boss- of this ma clhiin knows your innermost` thoughts,. and, if you have,'tho slightest inclin ation to keep your hands deep in your pockets, his ' well-known - assistants, Donald Dinnie and Chang,' will be lib there to give;you a quiet hoist. 'The Picture Gallery is iin' the liBinds of Michael Angelo, R.A;, and. he hap spared nos pains in giving full effect to the beautiful collection, a portion of whicharrived from England and Ame rilc by the s.s..Liguira' on 1st October., .Owing to the cablegram not reaching its destination in time, tho'Qiueen's col. lection is niot to hand, but' -Her Most Gracious Majesty has sent a wire to ?say that' she regrets the mishap, and w?'hes the 'bommittee every success. This is as good asa L10 inote inext mail. There will be. quite a squnabble. for a picture of our late esteemed bishop, and we would advise the fair ladies to hold 'sit for a high price. This, is only a 'ivory small number of the many sights 'to be:seen at the bazaar, but they are quliti sufficient to induce those who do not get a show of seeing such sights to attend. The fancy, useful, re'reshment and flower stalls will be. presided over by a bevy' of unsurpassable "beauties, who will- be assisted by other beauties of a differesnt species. Don't forgoet the dlate, Thursday, 14th October, and be sure to' bring plenty of money, for that is really what is wanted. The bazaar will he continued on the two following days also, and' the committee have made jrrangements for vocal and instrumon tal music on 'each nighit. :' 