RUTH'S RUNNING AVWAY. "PPos.vl?tss!"said Iluth Rgers.. "Oh, I never thought to rcomno to this." It was a dull, grey winter day, with a raw clhill. ness in tihe air which thrcat~ced snow, and now and then a bleak gust sweeping from the Tlames like some angry demon bearingstormthireatenirigs on its wings. And iRuth stood in one of tile bays of L,ondn-lridge, pallid and shivering, with hier grey sawls wrapped round Iheor slim shoulders, and tie scarlet bird's wing in hier flat shining in the semi gloom. It was one thing to run away in a spirit of girlilsh adventure from the old Surrey farm, becanuseher aunt, had no sympathy with youthful aspirations, and wanted lier to sew and work button- holes fer the countir clothier's shop; it was quite ano:llter to find iherself alone and friendless in a great, city. She had been walking until every bone was sore; her last penny was spent for a cup of muddy coffee at a street, stall--collo whicth Ihd tot oven tt mierit of being hot; and now she did not, know whatot to do Sh1o envied the bootblacsa who whistled at their trade, tile very mmessenger ladil who ruln to anl fro. Stho would liketo hiave been the chestlnut iman, warm ingthis purple fingers at tiho miniatura " taEtna "of hot coals that roasted Ilis stock ill trade. She ihad believed, this little uth, tlhant life in London was full of romanse and adventure; antd how bitter tto tlid been disappointed! Ilowtltnkful would shel be to go back to tthe Surrey village now, an;d tile button holes, if only she ihad imoney to take iher I there ! " tHere, young woman ! holdt this aslket for tmeo a mminute." livolutntarily lutht obeyed the beheat. h stout little laldy in a black cllth cloak, slnod opposite hier, overlmmrdtned with baslets, buamlet, and piarcels, fumbtling in iher :ockete for ier purse. "Ot, here it is !" saidt the lit.tl- woiman. " I alhmost thoughit I had lhst it--,r iad my pocket picked i' "PI'lease, miIaI," said Iluth itt a falhering voice, " :igfht--mllighft I carry it across th11e bridge to thel a' at ion fir youell?" Tie little womautn tiurned a pair of blactk Ieady eyes quicklly ipUon her interlocutor. " No " said sihe, ilt a voice that sundedte liro a cnarl " ou'tre anl impostor ! You nteed't'. thinkl I'm to be imposd upltn, because I came frotm Ithe ciuntry!" And she ntcehled iher basket from IRuth and went hier way. Slivering antd discouraged the girl hiluuk .back. At that imomtent site saw a bettevolenttlooking old gent le iiman ILlkiig to the clestnut man, while a weirdl-fa:ied litle storet arab was deftly engiged in spiriting his white silli oilect-ihandkerchief friom Ilis coat pocket. 'i Sip thief !"' so cried, spritnging forward. "St'yt thief ! flut ill heIr Ihaste ollo ihad niot perceived a waggon colnimllt qsickly along. 'There was a cry of alarm on all ides -s?le was jerked vehemently back by apolice. tin, b[t 1?st until iher shtouhler tild Ibeen violently strt,'k lhy one of tie wlheels. \- Arte yii tired of living, my girl?" lsharply ques Lioned tle policoman, " because if you ain't, I'dre comlmend )y'tu to keep out from under trucks for tile l?utre. Hfere, stand up! You ain't much hurt, are you'?" Aid while Itttt was trying to stammer out thbat ole' wis tt nmeuch hurt, everything turned blact aroutIr'll her. and-hIaitted d Rtway. " N'i l'i-r Fourteen, in thoe Accident Ward !" said the lesidettt surgeon of St. Thomas's, glancing ait his io.t-f i-i. , " Oflleh can go out any day nbw i" It[III Isokci wistfully up. "If I only tnew where to go!" said she. "t hty, tell yeoar friends, of course," said the sur geon. Iith's ihead droiped. Slte could not tell hlim that oll Aimt lHIgeru was tie only relative sheo had, and that eto Ilr sIteanbsolutely ?(trted not return. " or I was so ungrateful and obstinate," IRuth hiad til Icrseilf. "lOh, I inever, onever can look Aunt loger., in the f i again!" lhe traitned nurse who was bandaging a broken inkle in fho next bed looked up at this moment. bluo, in ier time, had been friendless and alone. Perhaps sho uIdelstood louth better than tile doctor did. " If Miss Harrison would like a plaeo," said she, " I kntow a nice oli lIdy in the country who wants a liv-ly lcheerful csmpanion and ihelper about thle house. The wages itay tnot Ihe great at first, but it would be a comfortalol home,." " Oh," cried fithl, "I aslould be so much obliged for your reeommnendaitiot ' For, by a curious admixture of events, Ituth and tile poor victim of a fire Ihad bIeeen brought into tihe Accident Ward at about'tho same time, and thonames of the patients Ihad somehow got transposed. T'le " If togers ' of thle Accident Wtard, had been buried for ten diays, tIhe "A. Harrison " was now sitting iup and tryintg ti occupy hIerself with some necessarp needlework. At tit time, Inuth had been too ill to set tile error straighit. Afterward she h[ad been too listless to thionk that ainythinig mattered very nmuch. "I feel ilke n ghost I" salo said to hiorself, "why fsot be a tghost?' "Theo old lady is a friend of mine," said Miss Corbitt, Ith trained intrtse, it tile soft, well- tmodtfullted voice that haId miigledt so sweetly with Iuth a dreams while she was yet delirious. "She is in great trouble l She lihas lost a lear friend !" Ruth looked up, her eyes softening. " Has sho?" sotho murmured. "T'lien 1 am sure I shalll like iher. Htow oon canl I go to l r ?" - " My brother is going to drive out there to- morrow afternoon," said Iiss Corbilt. " 'erhaps we can get you rleady to go with him ?" " Is it, in tlocountry ?" asked Ruth. " Yes." " I am glad of that," said thie girl. ' Why ? [to you prefer thie country ?" " I should be thankful never to see the bricks and m ,rtar of a city again so long as I live!" said Ruth, Icrveltly. " I have learned a lesson ; yes, a lesson." And ill tie yellow afternoon sunshlino of tite next day, Miss Corbitt saw " Number Fourtcen " pacoled carefully ittot a lumbering carriago besldo thie specta cled middle-aged brother, who evidently regarded the yunug lady cxatitly as ihe wouldhave regarded a sawing-manclline or a barrel of apples, or any other package consigned to his care for safe delivery at a certain place. It was an early April day, all blue sky overhead, all sweet suggestions of the coming spring below. Once beyond the wretched trail of tihe city suburbs, sweet spring looked them in the face. Hero and there thie willows along the watercourses had ihung out their banners of gold-green mist-thel blackthlorn blossoms showed white on tohe hedgerows, and the shrill whistle of the blackbird pierced thile air. Ruth clasped her Ihands eagerly. " It is like coming home again!" she cried. " How far are we going, Mr. Corbitt P" "A piece up the road," said her charioteer, com posedly. "Out Reigateo way." Ruth ieaned back in the carriage. It was content enough forher to breatihe in tlhe balmy air, to feel ttat Heaven's blessed sunshine was folding her around as with n mantle of ihealing. " It is as if I had diedand come to lifo ,gain! " she kept thinking to herself. She closed her eyes peacefully and let hier head rist against the liningof the carriage. She did not think shollad fallen asleep for more than an hour, yet it miset Ihaveo been so, for whensllo once more looked tiup a familiar landscape met iher eyes-the old brown house with the ivy clustering round its oaves, andthe privet, half hidden by holly bushes. And at the door stood--Aunt Rlogers herseclt,fi tthe same brown alpaca gown and fluttering cati borders, clear-starched in double rufiles, that she always woro. "Oh, where amI?" cried Ruth. "Is this a dream ?" "Bless and save us I" exclaimed the old lady. " Why, it's our Ruth come back again " In a second the two were clasped in each other's arms, while honest Mr. Corbitt eat looking on in sheer amazemnent. \- You--you seem to have met before," was all that he oeulJ at v. " Mi-y'ow little girl !" faltered tie lid woman, with tear-bedimmed eyes, "no words can tell how I ILves missed you! And if youll be contint to stay here and live with me again I won't be so hard with you, I promise you that." " Dear, dear, Aunt Rogers, if only you can forgive me !" sobbed Ruth. miss Corbitt smiled when hso heard how strangely fate had united the destinies of these two. To her it was only one more of the inscrutable pages of expoe riestre. "it is often so," said she, " W'o think we are going our own way when it is God's way, afleg all, that He is leading us. Well, I am glad thaIt little pale girl has found n home after all. I should have guessed the riddle long ago if I Ihad known that her namo was not ' Annio Harrison I'" 