THE SFEAKEB'S APPEAL. Mr. Taylor's ' victory' turns out to be a I very small one after all ; and the immense I exertions he has made for the purpose of | proving that a disorderly member of Parlia- | ment is an object of public sympathy are \ ?»-i*-»4- 1 1 \\-r r\ I tt 4-s\ tt i nl r\ t-\ l m ynnnn Tnfnrn rti4-l-»rt»« N in the. way of profit or reputation. The best excuse that can be made for his mis directed energy is to be found in the foolish sympathy of his admirers — notably of the Daily Telegraph, a journal which, in its extreme anxiety to make a sensation out of any trivial incident of the day, has well-nigh exhausted ifo stock of big type and expressive adjectives in denouncing what is called the ' tronhand' and the 'gagging' resolutions. The attempt to mislead public opinion by representing the case as one in which the ' liberty of speech ' and the ' constitutional rights ' of a member of Parliament were unduly interfered with by an arbitrary Speaker has no doubtprodueed its intended effect in many quarters ; and the utterly false impressions thus created were naturally enough confirmed by the judgment of the Supreme Court. That, again, being con firmed by the Privy Council, it is only too probable that the unthinking many may be brought to look upon Mr. Taylor — the worst specimen of an obstructionist we have had to deal with — as a real martyr to the cause of public virtue. Now we are told that a ;de« monstration is to be madein his honour on his return to the colony— the usual '(prop cession, with band and banners, followed ^by the inevitable' banquet with cham pagne bumpers and sham enthusiasm. JNo hero' was ever more fondly worshipped ' by the English masses than John 'Wilkes, whose victories in the Law Courts over the G-overnment of. his day were re ceived with as much frenzied joy as ?Marlborough's splendid triumphs at Blen heim and Malplaquet. The cry of ' Wilkes and Liberty' was on every man's lips, as if the men who shouted it had never known Liberty until 'Wilkes appeared. No one looks upon that poor ghost now with any feeling of. admiration. Mis only triumph was that he gulled the British public to his heart's content, and traded on his . ' constitutional . rights' as the only stock-in-trade he possessed. / What, after all,, does the judgment of the Privy Council amount to ? To nothing more than this— the standing order under which Mr. Taylor was suspended for a week was invalid, because it had1 not -been assented to by \ the G-overnor. But there is nothing to ? prevent the House from adopting it at any ? moment, and it then becomes law as soon as the Governor assents to it. The House has the power— according to the Privy Council —rto adopt any standing order of the kind, for the purpose of punishing obstructionists ; but that power was flatly denied by the Supreme Court. Sir JameB Martin, in his evident desire to clip the wings of Parliament, went a little out of his way to express this opinion. Although he had the. clear words of the Constitution Act be fore him, empowering the House to frame and adoDt such standing orders as may seem proper, his Honor ruled that the House was incapacitated by law from giving itself any. power whatever to punish disor derly members. It could do nothing beyond removing or suspending them for the sitting' in which the disturbance occurred. The Privy Council, it is true, supports this view, although it adds that the House may sus pend from sitting to sitting until the offend ing member has apologized for his miseon duet and made submission. But it emphati cally rejects Sir James's peculiar theory that the House cannot adopt a standing order to protect itself by the infliction of some ade quate punishment in the shape of suspension for a longer term than the actual sitting. That is really the point upon which the whole' case turns. The moment that such a rule becomes law, the House can vindicate ita authority by suppressing any attempt at obstruction. What then be comes of Mr. Taylor's 'victory' ? Has he gone through this enormous trouble and ex» pense in order to show us the simple means by which he can be effectually extin guished ? The only question that remains now is whether the House will adopt the obvious and proper course for asserting its authority by passing the standing order in question, and submitting it to his Excellency for his sign manual. It deserves to be noticed that the Privy Council has not expressed the slightest objection to it, on principle — a fact which goes a long way to weaken the force of its opinion with reference to the actual suspension. For if the standing order itself is a reasonable one — and their Lordships do not deny that it is — what do they mean by saying that the suspension was bad because it was more than was necessary ? And who is the best judge of what is reasonably necessary under such circumstances, the House itself or the Courts of Law ? ' ' The principle on which the implied power to suspend is given confines it within the limits . of what is required by the assumed necessity. That necessity appears to their Lordships to extend as far as the whole duration of the particular meeting or sitting of the As sembly, in the course of which the offence may have been committed. . . Thepower, therefore, of suspending a member guilty of obstruction or disorderly conduct during the continuance of any current silting is, in their Lordships' judgment, reasonably necessary for the proper exercise of the functions of any Legislative Assembly of this land.' This, o£ course, iin . plies that any longer suspension would not be- necessary, and would therefore be unreasonable. But their Lordships go on to say that they cannot agree with the opinion adopted by the Supreme Court as to tbe power of the House to pass the standing order, and that they affirm the judgment of the Court below on the mere ground that the Governor's assent was not obtained to the standing order. That implies that the order itself was a reasonable one, and that all it wanted to make it valid was the G-overnor's signature. Their Lordships' reasoning on this point — the kernel of the whole case — is not calculated to make much impression in favour of their judgment. However, they have clearly pointed out to the House the course it should pursue in order to ' vindicate its authority and dignity,' and it now remains for that dis tinguished body to pursue it. 