-A Summer Flower. By 11?. C. "IF YOU please, are you the gentleman who writes for the theatres 1" said a girl, of some thirteen years, foldedl in an old, thread bare shawl, her yellow hair half hidden under a hideous bonnet, from beneath whieh peered great brown eyes, a world too big for the small, pinched face. 1 have always had a weakness for brown eyes, and these were swimming in tenrs. "Yes, I am the centleman who writes for the theatres," replied I. in utmost amaze, looking down on tihe scrap of humanity whil had been rapping at my chamber door for some moments. whonm I now admitted. " May I ask you what you want 1" I said, hnnding her a chair; an t from under hershawl site pro duced a brown-paper parcel, which I knew by instinct contained MSS. " \We are very poor, papa and I," said the mite, wiping a few rain-drops from the brown paper; "Ipapa writes beautifully, but no one will read what Ihe does write; we see your name in the papers, and papa thinks you might perhaps buy his play, or ask one of your mana?ers to do it." " My dear chiltr, said I, why did not your father come himself to me." "Hie was too muchi afraid," she replied. with the simplicity which seemed her charac teristic ; then she laid the parcel on the table, with a very wistful glance from her big eyes. I cut the string and glanced at the M1SS. -a tragedy in five acts. The glance of a pro fessional eye can sometimces gage the merit of a pralduction ; and almost without reading a page I saw that this tragedy was as heavy as lead, hopelessly tdull, painfully tedious. But I could not say so to that elfin child, with the pathetic, patient eces, with the arms thin as the stem of my meerschaum and the hun gry face. I felt rather curious to see the man who had not courage to offer his play in person ; being accustomed to so much of the other thing, I had almost rceased to believe in the existence of a bashful, timid amateur. I offered my visitor some coffee and cake which, after a little hesitation, the took, anti I then propesed returning with ther, to see her fathier himself. She cohred slightly, looking round my rootm and then at myself, without anssering for sometime, and then with a kind of effort agreed to the proposal. I thought ttat though George Leslie-that was the name of the H[SS. had no dramatic power, I might be able to assist him in some other way. The little girl finished her meal, thanked me in a graceful, simple way, and then put her small hand in mine, to lead me to her home, There was perfect confidence, comn plete trust in the action, and it went home to my heart; one likes to be trusted, even when time las madule one cease to trust. We went through wet andl sloppy streets, past bright shops nnd lighted halls, down dis imal alleys, to a wretched slum; I had been there before professiona'ly ; it was a miser able place, and I was saddened to think of the child living there. "You did not always live here, did you ?" I asked. "Not always,"s he replied; only after papa got very poor." Sihe led the way now, I saying to myself "ly hope, my trnust, my heaven must bet My gentle guide, in following thee.".' 'ly gentle guide led me np some dark and noisome stairs, pausing beforena losed door, which she quietly opened. The room teyohd was in semidarkness ; the ghost of a fire alone saved it from total obscurity; dimly [ could make out somen fragments of furniture, anti a dark heap in a distartt corner; silence overywhcre ; solemn hush. "1Papa must he as!cep," sai.l Jeanie,. in a" soft whisper ; " wait one moment, please, and I will get a light." To this day I know not what it was tha" impelled me to hold the child back, andl pre vent iher going farther; '"No my dear," I said : wait therea moment and t wilt find a light." She obeyed in silence; I stepped forward and struck a match, igniting a half burint candle; then I advanced to tite dark heap-a miserable beh, an-I a man strEtched upon it de el. It was a ghastly sight ; one of tlhe most ghastly [ ever looked on. I had just time to draw the tattered coverlet over it, and then Jenanie was at my side. " Isn't he there " saie asked, qnicklv;' "then he will be at the Bunch of- Keys, sir. I-I-am sorry--you would: have. helped him-" " Don't cry," says I; takingi her hand. "Listen Jeanie; have yon: ann friend herm, any neighbour with whom yot can stay until I come for you?" "There is Mrs. Bain, -she replied, looking at me with surprised eyes. " Will you-are you going to find papal". I hecnt my head silently, and then we wenti together to lrs. Bain's a poor neighbor, in whose charge I left ithe child, and then hastened off to the first policeman, to whom I imparted my discovery. Leslie was quite dead, dying by his own hand. IIf had sent his daughter to me on a hopeless errant, simply to hire Iher olt of the war whilst he destroyed himself. A letter lying-on' the table told much of his history. Ioe stas a gentleman's son, ruined by dissi pation andt extravagance he had been fight tag starvation and poverty until conquered by despair; he had no friends, no relatives, nomoney;his parting prayer was:that his child might not be sent to tile workhouse. It was pathetically worded, as the last epistlcs of suicides often are; but it was not the letter that made my eyes dim, but the thought of the mild, patient child waiting for a father who would never come. I took upon myself the task of breaking the terrible tidings to her, though I would almost rather have jumped into the Thames. She did not cry or weep, or indeed utter a word ; in her qtiet and silence there was something appal ling to me. There wasan inquest, and a merciful ver dict of suicide during temporary insanity. Then arose a discussion as to what should be done with Jenanie, and a talk of handing her over to the parish. IIere I interposcd, offo'r ing to provide her wvith home anti education. After many questions, apparently endless trouble, after proving I had some claim to respectability and was less black than I looked, my offer wams accepted, andi Jennie was handed over to me, still in the old shawl and monster bonnet. She asked no queostions with her lips; but the large brown eyes were filled with enquiry. She was too quiet; in In a child of her years that calm was un natural. I had told her story to my good friend, Mrs. Frank Lorvelash, better known by her staoe name to the public, and that bIest of women hiad promised to help me in thie fulfil ment of my self-imposed duty, W'e ihad tdeci ded to send Jennie to school until shite could choose her own path in life. In those kind and womanly hands I left the wnaif who Ihad never known a mother's care, and in thlce tender arms the child cried herself to sleep. I think my friend appeared as an angel from heaven to her-the sceds of kindnes sceattered on Jeanie's path had been few and far bc tween, It was five years before I saw my ltn't egre again after her departure for school. Evercry quarter I received a letter from her, writtci in a large round hand that reminded me it some odd way of hIer eyes, Time and fate took me abroad, to travel in Australia and through the Statesso that, as I said, five years passedt without my seeing her. At length, I returned to dear. dingy Lon doll, woaryof travel, glad to be agai in the old rooms, andti among thie ohl famoiliar faces, to slip back to the old way of life. One night, a wet and windy night, I was sitting writing in comfort, when I heard a tap at the door, justsuch as I had heard five yearn ago; all that past night came back upon me with almost startling vividnees. Springing np I opened thldoor, fulily prepared to see a shabby shawl,a an old bosnef, ind the great eyes of Jennie, the wait. Jennie it was, It ,ieauni, wvitl ceighteen years of grace a:l geir:lsh i-\lo'linlcss-.Tecnic sweet, as a rose and f.:r :v a lily. couring in like sunsatine . witlh both handsIl extended, adul tear? glitternt on licer lonug ashes. I was sutldenivy conscios of art rea:s, of the fact that m:ey : 1outh hal peedl p lfrom the twlin?s that are to thise that were. I do not remember our first word., but I recollect per fectly thlinking that the child still lived in the woman. "You have left school, of cours?c' I said. " O, yes. guardlian. two yean:s ago. I have been staying with Mrs. Lovelash ever since, studying hard." For what a IDoctora diploma!" " Oh, no; for the stale," she replied, smiling. SAre o:e strong enrough." I asked, for she looked frail as a rose-leaf. "' I am very strong. I didn't tell you any thing abott tLits in nty letters bIecaunme I wished to surtrise you : bat-bauton Mnnday I make my dlebut as Juliet at tile Royalty." '. lravo, Jeanie I 1 slnll be there to con gratulate yon. Who is the Romeoe my child' '" Mr. Frank ,Milton," she replied. "And the Iomeo of real life." She blushed from brow to chin, and trembled. " I don't. know," she said falteringly: and seeing that so:nmething distressed her, I spoke of sometlhing.else. You mlust have studied hardt indeed, Jeanic." I d:d, because I wanted you to be pleased." I an pleasedl," said I; and Jeanie colored again. We wenteltt together to Mrs. Lovelash's ant talked of old times till the small hours -that is, we did--Jeanic was shr and silent. l)urine the days proceeding that one chosen for hier debutt, saw much of her, finding her exterior graces but the index to her mind. lBut I trembled for her; she was as fair as a flower, but almost as fragile. . Thuerertfaulnighttcame. iftch inter2st was beingtalken in the proluction of the tragedy; atnd the Iloyalty was crammed from floor to ceiling ; the best actors and nctresees of the day formed the company, and the setting was worthy the Lyceanm in these times 1 htrad a place in the stalls, andl thence saw Juliet enter, blushing like a rose.. She was naturally nervous but her graceful timidity suited the part, and by degrees she gained confidence and self-iossession. Once her brown eyes met mine, and after that hier act ing was all that coill be desired ; the sight of a fri.nd seemed to stimulate her. liandsote Frank Milton looked like Romeo, and lived, not acted the part. I went behind the scenes after "the balcony " was ended, whilst the house was yet ringing with ap plause, and Romeo and Juliet bent again and again before acharmed auidence. The curtain was held aside and the two came back together. Istepped forward to congratulate Jenanie with Mrs. Lovclash, the lady Capulet of the cast, and her pallor startled me. Frank was flushed with triumph, she deathly white. She looked at me with a strangely mournful expression, essayed to smile, and then slaggered, as a stream of blood trickled between her lifs. Icaught her in my arms as she fell, her sweet eycs holding mine as by a charm. "' My love-my love 1" 1 cried, guessing her secret too late, heedless of all who stood about uis. Too'late-for the tragedy was ended. My Juliet was dead I Lawyers are the most stupid fools living -when they want to be. Satire is a youth, vigorous captivating and merry; yet there is depth to his soul. Under his seeming light heartedness there is mastery. Ile is a brave and courteous knight, who, with the unerring aim of his sword, strikes off the heads of extremes. Cabinet Salaries in England.--Tho salaries attached to the offices held by Cabi net ,Ministers need revision. The amount is a matter of haphazard, and is in no way de pendent upin the importance of the othcer. The Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Secretaries of State receive £5000 per an num; the president of the Board of Trade and of the Local Government Board, and the -Scottish Secretary, who,. although provided witln seal of cticr, is not a Secretary of State, recceivcsonly £2000 perannum. The result of this has been an ignoble strggle anmongseve. ril of the eminent statesmen oho form the Cabinet to secure the best paid officers, irre? spectire of their fitness for them. If a Cabl net Minister of the intelligence and position of Mr. Chamberlain can be got for £2000, there s.enlesno reason why the taxpayers should be called upon to pay any Cabinet minister more than thls-with the exception, perhaps, of the Prime Minister. I am surprrised that so eminent an economist as Mr. Gladstone has not already peceirved this and acted upon it; all'the more as he was withdifficulty induced to give up a proposal to cut down the salaries ot sonic of the minor parliamentary oflicial fry -notably these of the Becrelnrics of the Boar I of Trade and of the Local Government Board. If anyone will tell me why Mr. Chamberlain is worth only £2000, and Lord Kimberley, Lord Granville, Sir William lIar court, Mr. Childers, and Mr. Campbell-Ban nerman, £5000 each, he will enlighten me upon a point-in regard to which I. like most others, am in the dark.-L-nouc Truth. IBROILED aIACKEREL. Freshen by stakingin water over night. In the morning dry it and cut off the head and tip of tail, place it betwreen the bars ofa but tered fish gridiron and broil tonlight brown; lay it on a hot dish and dress with a little buitter and Ppeilr. A Small AffairNin Utah.-The testi. mnony of a woman before a Salt Lake court the ofther day in a polygamy case ,was. in sub stance. that ' Shie didn't know whether her husband hadanotlher wife or not ; it was not of sullicicaet iniporltalce to talk about." Advice.-Man gives advice as a doctor giv.s physic--not because hehas taken it himself. but as an experiment. The humble and contented man pleases :imsoelf innocently aundeanily. wlile the anm bitioues man altemlps to please others sinfully atd ditlicaulty. No order after all.--Lew- Complbell is a smart traveller who handles baking powdcer doen South. Not long ago ue went into a local-option towns, and the litst dealer he met came back to hlim. • Did you kinow wce were only reornizing local-option men now 7" asked tie mer chaint. " No. I dildn't know," answered Lew with a conciliatory smile. " Well, se are, and before I look at your samples I niant to know if yoi are an advo cate of law and order." " Of counrse lam," said Tew,cw.ithl emphasis; " I don't care about the las, but you can bet I'im in for an order every time." lie didn't get it. Taste in Dress.-Theswoman whose aim is to.t "dress" ineedls four thtings:--A certain amonunt of money, to knoh where to blay, and what suits her. You may be well dressetd, in so far as that you may wear what is in eood taste and becomning, without a vast out nlay; but to make a dress a stuly, and to be noted for good dressing, demands timhe spend ing of money. W\hat is worth ldoing at all is worlth doing nell, and to make a dress a domninant idea, and to fail therein is dCeplor ablle. Yet, lwhereone woman succeeds twenty do not. Look about at our fshionable resorts and see, with all thle sums of money spent. Ihow few there are iwhol present a plleasing ficture. A New Material for Bonnots.-The iescst thing for bornheta is coinalilaf brought froli the Ihlamats. It was recommended by the Englis Consul at the liahamas. Tholenaf dyes well, atil when artlstically used makes a biannet In to e eye of conitisitors a pefrect poem in tue stay of leirarcess. It can he miade white anl piIk; and iq hlick is lighter than jet. 