MELBOURNE GOSSIP; By “ Tig-Tag.” Monday, Octidioi 'IS. A C.'iiltnr. liril:- v has gone to rcoi-le in I ‘•'(iueer” Street during the past.week. Not that there is anything remarkable in this anuouncemont, for a linker has as good a right to go “hung as his betters; but the cavalier air of lordly mdili'croiico’ with which ho meets his fate oxcitos my admiration.’ This is the manner in which he apprised the great outside world of how man may rise superior to fate: He placed a largo placard on his door, wreathed in deep “In Memoriam” border, bearing tho following notification:— “ Closed in consequence • of death.” Below this sad announcement ho adds, in very small letters, tho words, “ In my pocket!” Egad! this manufacturer of “ dough-hoys” must ho an original char acter— ono of tho sort who could cat, drink and bo merry' at his own funeral. “ Closed in eonsequeneo of death in my pocket!” Ayo, faith, this is an epidemic becoming alarmingly contagious of, late. He doesn’t tell us liow tho arch-enemy ontered Ills pookot. Ho very'likely'deemed it unnecessary. Ho gained admittance in tho stereotyped fashion—by' tho mouth! ■Whether it bo death in tho pocket or death in the corpus, ontranco is usually effected through that insatiablo orifico known as tho mouth. I liko to seo a man die game, however. .The Carlton ■ baker has dono so, and over his ashes I breathe, with religious fervor, “ R.I.P.” Tho Municipal Jubileo in Sydney' has been a great success—iu the way- of j un- ■ jetiug, anyhow. It lias taught ns a lossou in courtesy and good breeding that will not ho lost, I trust, on our public men. Wo arc far behind our brethren of Now South Wales in all thoso little social amenities that constitute good breeding. Where is tho public man wo can boast that could have acquitted himself with such hospitality and innate dignity as Sir John Robertson at tho Sydney mayoral reception last week ? At tho banquet in the evening tho Mayor of Melbourne mado an excellent speech, characterised by tho most fitting and commcndablo good humor. In a playful manner lie alluded to tho fact that ho hailed from tho “ Cabbage Garden,” whero the people were noted for “ tho moderation of their pretensions and the modesty' of tlioir ut terances.” Tho rub was a hard ono, hut could scarcely be deemed discourteous to tho most fastidious,—even if emanating from ono less capable of saying it plea santly' than the Mayor of Melbourne. Sir John Robertson took offence at tbis. Mr. Stewart regretted that a pleasantry should havo beon taken seriously, aiul took an early' opportunity of addressing Sir John on leaving the banquotiiig-hali. This is what tho Muy'or of Melbourne said:—“ Sir John, I am sorry to hoar that you nro offonded at my' using the words ‘ Cabbage garden,’ and I regret that you regard my so doing as an insult.” That was tho frank and simple manner in which the Victorian gentleman did his part as tho representative of Melbourne. And this is tho manner in wlnclx the exalted personage who was once Premier of tho parent colony replied:—“Ton insult me, sir! A thing like you could not insult mo, sir; hut you havo in3ultod our colony, sir, and by' G-, sir, it was a good job for you that I did not speak after you, sir, or I would have riddled you through, sir. By' G——:, I would !” What a great and glorious future is be fore such a colony, when even the fossil ated specimens of tho pro-Adamite period retain such u pronoimcod typo of vigorous oratory as tins. As far as the grandour of his politeness is concerned, I have only to say that it verges on the sublimo. With such veterans as this to rival, what chance can wo havo in the raco with Now South. Wales ? Echo answers, “ What!” Somo funny' y'arus reach us in tho City hearing upon tho late heavy storm that passed ovor tho Goulburn Valley. A stack of hay', we aro told, belonging to a farmer beyond Numurkali, was lifted clean up by tho force of tho wind and scattered on tho tree-tops for miles around. This is a woak specimen of rural literature, and can advanco little pretension to tho marvellous. If this aspirant to ho considered a romancer had told us that the cock of hay was disco vered in tho stablo of a “ cockatoo,” transformed beyond recognition through a process known as mastication, wo might be disposed to admit Ills claims as a child of fiction. Why, it is no uncommon occurrence, during tho “ raising of tho wind” hero in Melbourne, to hoar of the coat being .taken off a follow’s back and ’ being landed in the remotest suburb from his home, folded up in a newspapor, on the shelf of n pawnbroker’s shop. And still we don’t blow about these things, and put them in tho newspapers. Tho fact 'is, tlioy' are of too ordinary occur rence to attract attention. Tho Numurkali chap goes on to say:—“ In one locality the crops aro said to havo been boaten to tho ground by the heavy raiii. The wind then came in such force that tho crops wore blown up again and cut clean off within an inch of the ground /” This is better; he improves as ho warms with tho subject, and rises to the occasion. "When ho was about it, however, ho might have threshed the grain, and called upon tho wind to make gruel for his grandmother ! Tho climax is reached when he adds:— “ One farmer had on liis land a large dam, with 10ft. of water in it. The forco of the wind was such that the whole of the water was blown out of the dam ! I intoml to have a sharp look-out for tho snake stories that come from that quarter during tho blessed season fast approach ing. Ah, delightful season of snakes and “big gooseberries”—with what joy. your advent is hailed by tbo country news papers ! "What a charming novelty your dawning presents after the dead routine of an uneventful winter. All hail, se ductive summer! We greet thee as the harbinger of lining romance—the parent of fiction! Ono would bo inclined to imngino that Dr. Rose lias enough on liis hands at tho present timo to preclude the possibility of his entering upon a crusade in tho interests of the Civil Servants. Ayo, that’s tho rub—the “ interests” of the Public Ser vice. “Save mo from my friends” was I seldom more forcibly illustrated than, in this caso. Tho inoinbers of - the Public Sorvice have grievances, and labor under disabilities; but tlioy aro not of tbo class embraced by' Dr. Rose’s meddlesome reso lution. A perfect storm has been raised . by' this unsought and gratuitous iiiterfor , enco. The Public Servants don’t want to kcop public-houses, to become members of country shires, or to take a prominent ■ part in tho polities of tho country. Just fancy tho local postmaster, or tho local schoolmaster in any' country district, mounting tho platform and “ orating” oil tho burning questions of the day. Why, sir, I would not estimate his tenure ■ of office at tlixeo months’ purchase if his ■ indiscretion led him. into so • dangerous and ill-advised a position. The difficulty i of a public servant, oven now, of steering i his baik safely' through tho quicksands of : local jealousies and local factions, is a severe strain on placid contentment. Uudor the proposed ordor of things his i life would, be intolerable, if ho .wore in . judicious enough to avail himself of tho i privilege. Tho Public Servants, however, want no such concession-; and the unso licited ..•advocacy of Dr. ltoso has not holped-to smooth tho official path of duty. I (hi'.i't think the hon. member for North Uvlb"u:no will be overburdened with tho gratitude of tho sen-ice for his ill-advised iutciioronce in Parliament List week; Confound (beams! L'iiever believed in thoia. We mb' .the c: natures- oi cireum sfaneo.4, however, arid no inan'knows how soon ho may fa 11. Por this reason I never intend to bo hard on “dreamers’ again. The man, however, who comes up to me during the residue of my pilgrimage hero bolow, and begins to recount to mo, an “ extraordinary dream,” had better “look out.” "Ihave boon “had” this time, and don't mean to bo again. Let me explain. I never bet on horse races. Not from “ "■oody-goody” principles, however; .but from the fact that I cannot afford it. I could afford, of course, to win; but I couldn’t afford to loso ; and the chances are “ ton to one” I'd lose. Just so. There is an indication of how I liavo be coaic demoralised witliin tho past few days, when I introduce the betting verna cular into my gossip. Tho facts are briefly these. A fellow comes up to mo in uu excited manner last Monday morning, and begins telling me about a dream ho had .that morning. lie saw tho Caulfield Cup jim—saw tho names hoisted, and that of “Littlo John” in letters 6ft. long at tho top. I must frankly admit that he im ■ pressed mo dooply with his enthusiasm. I remembered - Craig’s droani about Nimblel'oot, and hesitated; tho man, like tbo woman, who hesitates is lost. Ho piled on tho agony, and boforo the follow left me, I was as mad fi-s a March haro, on tho question of Littlo Johri. . Now 1 must tell you that I never do a thiffg by halves. I go tho “ whole hog” or nothing'. -™or° wasn’t a friend I could button-hole, «4a" I didn’t descant to on tho merits’of Little Johni I know a-lot of fellows, luul.tho' conscquoncc Was, 'that Little John became tho rago, and went up from a rank out sider at 25 to 1 to second favorite, at 8 to 1\. Tho beauty of it was that, wliilo I was impressing my frionds to go for the horso, I neglected myself to back him until his prico liardoued. I got only S to 1, and some of my frionds, who “could depend upon my judgment,” got 20 to 1. I was as mad as a liatter at my stupidity. Well, sir, ou Priilay night about 30 of us mot. When the heavier business was disposed of, they listened to tho words of wisdom that fell from my lips. Chaps that hadn’t anything on Littlo John woro minify jealous. Wo looked at them with in air of superior sagacity, as. much as to ay—“ wo know a thing or two ; we havo demo the trick!” ' Why dwell upon tho scone that followed. O vor 20 of us rushed to tlio “rooms,” all clamoring for Littlo John. The liorso’s prico hardened im mediately. Seven to 1 was tho quotation. I believed our fellows would havo hacked the horse at oven money, so anxious were they to bo “ in” it. Wo bogan to separate. ami seek our separate trains.. Thoro were four of us in Swanston Stroct. Ouo chap asked us to have a drip k, “ No,” I said, I must catch this train—besides, I never drink, hem, /” 1 winked at ouo of thorn, the original “ dreamer,” and. ho also de clined. Wo parted. Whon wo got rid of tho other two, wo wcut off and put another £1” on Little John, as wo had diseovoralp, fellow that gave 8 to 1. It was such aTgOod thing, we kopt it to our selves—this last shot !' Rut why dwell upon tho agony. Tlio horso was scratched hours before, though' the official an nouncement was not mado till iiextmoru , I liavon’t seen tho “ dreamer” since. Tho fact is that my anxiety to soo tho follow is bouuded by discretion. For tho last two nights a score of suspicious looking fellows, wearing slouched hats, nro haunting the neighborhood of my abudo. This won’t provont mo from making a ’ dash; for it, howevor, and en deavoring to unearth tho “ dreamer.” Tho next times’I hoar of a good rtieam, I’ll give your district tho benefit. Melbourne fellows aron’t sufficiently grateful wheu you lay them on to a “ good thing.” If anything turns up in connection with tho Melbourne Cup, you will hoar from mo next week. I havo no further ambition myself of realising a rapid fortune by hotting on the strength of dreams. That sort of thing is ovidently not my forte. I wish, howovor, I had made tho discovery only a week ago. This has been un exciting and memor abloweek at tho top of Bourko Street. Tho Government was firm, and resisted all attempts at intimidation. .Tho teachers have virtually lost tho 'battle. Tho struggle was a bittor one, well or ganised and well fought, but still unsuc cessful. Tho galleries woro crowded •with teachers, night after night, until tho boginning of tho ond, when thoy were turned out at 20 minutes past 12 ou Thursday night, atthoinstanco of tho hon. member for Emerald Hill. Al'tor this tlio House sat with closed doors until tho afternoon of Friday, when a compromise was agreed upon, and tho flag of truco waved ovor tho battle-field. Tho case of the male teachers is, however, liopolcss. Tlio female teachers never had a ghost of a show. Tho advocates of the ladies’ claims to consideration bociuuo obstructive. This had tho effect of ^closing tlio' ranks of tho Right, ■ and -the' male toaeliors had to be sacrificed to expediency. The male teachers throughout' tho length and breadth of tho land would prove traitors to overy instinct of gratitude did they fail to recognise how much'they owe the hon. momboi for BbecWorih,; .Mrl, Tuthill. You can forin rio conception, of his speech by reading tho Pa'rlfamont ary report in tho Argus. His advocacy of the male teachers’ claims was ablo and eloquent and enthusiastic. With half a dozen other such supporters, the toaeliors had wou their cause, and tho Ministry had bowed to the inevitable. His pleasant face, and bland smile, and ■ exemplary good humor impressed mo deeply, and I am much'mistaken if-tho hon. member for Beochworth is not:heard of in the futuro. Tlio teachers owe him a deep debt of gratitudo, arid I mistako them much if they soon forgot the obligation, I have rarely listened toJ a better speech iu Parliament than that of Mr. Gillies. Ilis denial of the promisos thoy would have fastened, upon him was a master piece of sound and logical argument; nor was he wanting in that fire essential to elfectivo oratory. I never admired'kim' more than I did on last Thursday night,! and yet I was sorry f'or'liis .utterances; because I sympathised with the'teachers, who I boliovo aro entitled to what they 