?traveller; In Its Ruins. Tuck. E r AW03I m hundred yews before tbat B.rth iu'thld.eni which kivob ,modern ? its : r.33-no., the year *hon ' "SfttUfoiw 6?mes'W0f0 roUorr.d-a cast of a.imil vorv far ? nilonietn, swarming out of uois, no. vjry i? S - $,&Ao;?s?. whichjvttcrw.ardateamo :. Xdar wrote, 'the.most beautiful city o! ' Kin.hr They couranofliayo cho** a-fninr noton all tho co.vt of tbm fair? lelnnd of ?.;!t rich ns it cvcrywbc.ro is in lovoliecw Md ihwra. U.-olwn and aaeen'.aalcd ?tound give natural raniparls to the oily and tho ma- S of domination (o tho t.noplcs ; while, the tfidoatretcli of bluo ton in front brought ! be beauty r.nd biirticn of ships to the port, ! which opened It? gate* to ite fr.snjte and shut I them" like r. trap ogmnet its -iota. I B nd Mincm-or, morn. nurrcc-Uy; ~ y.u am. Atbcno-wcro the tutelary deities oMuo city. Tha ono wbb Zoua Alftbytius, an awful form of Moloch; tho other wae tho \viso grave gotl ileM worshipped by tho IViodians at Limlus _I(rom which oity came tho origiunl colonials of Gcla, . brining . familiar duty with them. We linvo all heard of Pimloria tho tyrant of Acrngas, with lib rod-hot-brawn* bulls, in which ho roasted men alivo. l>ut wadoiiot all know.that this wiw not only from wanton cruelty; "though, an with tho Inquisition of later time?, much -personal hatred nnd malice might" havo been moro ? mixed up with it; but that it was also one ? form of religions superstition of the kind only too common in all Itviths. Orcok feel ing, however, did net tolerate human isaaei foes. Milk anil honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent baasta, whioh fit the warn. tenet nftowards for food, wero ottered to tho Rod?, to gain favour or ward eft" pumshmont. Bui save in very rnro nnd exceptional in stances, of whiflli Iphificntu and liit mibso nuciit cult nro the m 0.4 notable, tho deities ol Jlcllas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Aeregas there fore, coon roso up iv horror nnd indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his Wood?<iiHine?fl; for all that he had greatly embellished tho city—always a claim on tho cratitudfl of oitizons. Among other thing.*, ha built a temple to .Janitor Polosm, tho 'founder of cities, , on the night of which, nud in a manner incorporated with white over powering tho older fane, is tho Christian churoh of >Sta Maria dt-i Grcci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whoso tomb is utill to 1 be seen, wna tho real star of Acragas. lie made that Greek luxury, a BpneiouH fish-pond ; ho built the best ot the lemples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers from countries then un known, but now dominant, while all (his tsja jestio past is but a memory nnd a nania; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, which perhaps ii the firmest holding on immorality that ho posHCHgee. Among others, ho built tho tcmplo now called Juno Tneinin; that ip, tbe same Jiiao as w<is worshipped at liJci num; as a modern Catholic mii;hl dedicate nchureh to SU Maria? della Catena", or di Oeiii, or della Tieti'i, &i.;, aUvn.ve the eaino" goddess, but with epccialisod altvibuifp. It was for this temple that Xsuxia piintnd his ' fatuous picture of Juno, tnkincforhisniodcla tho five most boMitifnl virgiiiit of and producing a nnstorpiecc flueh aa tho world had never eenn before. Bat tho forces of nature, like Iho passions of men, hava no respect for works of orfc, whfit.hnr iv paint or in stone. Earthquakes-nnd utornia, wind><, frost, and tiro did their work of destruction on all the3o splendid conception.* and .perfect achievements ct penim ; and S.uricen and Norman comphte.d tbo itr.n which O.irtha-- ginian and Ilirnan had bngun. And now we have of Aarasja?,' the mwt beautiful city of mortals, , only tho unintero?tinf.; little town of Girgcnti; and tho ruins of the tvneitnt temples. But what ruins 1 Oat on tho eflsa of tho rock r.tands tho beautiful and otill.perfect ekilokm of the Toniplo ot C jncord. It noede no great nketch of fnnoy to rcoon?tru3t the past, to rcpcoplu the void, to n\\\l baok from that dim and misty Hades where tho pale ghosts wander mournfully, tho formi of those who onco filled the templo wiflv love, and light, and youth and beauty, with musio nnd Bong and tho ftrront prayers ot pious nouls, asking tho benign Goddess ot l\mco to shed Lor influpnco over men, and stay both war nnd slaughter. The beautiful Sicilian i?irl.s who wcro tho realisations of the nymphs nnd younucr gaijdecsi'H, siime ' ein,;- ing, sorno..playiug, others bcnrip? baakcts full of fruits and /bwws—thr-ir rcit feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth mio swaying of their l:ndi?a ronkinni vinablo muua totheeyo;thcs!a'e!y mftriris, ijran-icr and prayer, the the com pleted, to whom lifo had brought its enrce m well its fulfilled joys, ita imperativo duties as well as its .yloadinrr love? ; tho yotin? mm cWanning tho maidens nnd filling in lovo at a glance, ac love is kindled into fHmo by n spark _; tho husbandn and tho elder fathers, occupied v,-£th thinf;-? and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb boasts, garlanded with flowor3, nnd lad to the slaughtor as offerings to pods slow to save and n.uiok to punish, ns even tho gentle go\n at Greece themselves were :—all fi!a along tho paved road and up the nvirhln steps, nud ranpo thcmnnlwPH w'thin the columned hall, which then had no Christian arches to block up tho space. The cymbals clash and clang: tho ebrill noto ot tho double pipo sounds far and olear; and tha echoes of tho cacred nongs oomo baok Iron) abaft to wall in n full diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring baok that sceno, as ho stands among tho asphodels and violets, and forgets time and epaoo in moaiory ? Fathor nway is that Templo of Juno Lacicin, already spoken of, whoro tho skeleton iv by no means so perfect ns this, and where the red hand of llro has left its crimson touch on tho old gray stones. Farther still are the ruins of tho Temple of Ileroules, frem which tho infamous governor Vcrres, ho who was denounced by_ Cicero in one of his uioat eloquent orations, attempted to uteal tbo magnificent bronzo statue of tho god ; stud ing his slaves at ni<{ht to princ down thu eaored icon; but failing—aa tho pious of the time said, by tha miraculous energy of Hercules hini?olf workeing through his effigy —until tho horrified men of what was th'.n Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not yet Girgonti, rushed to the roscuo nnd delivered their daity from harm. And thcro is still moro undistingui?hablo chaos of tho Temple of Jupiter—ruined bofoiofinishod—where the groat caryatid lies prone on tho greensward, like ono of tho old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only tho dim nnd rongbenod ontlin'c'e/bnt wanting ell that made tho life nnd beauty of the faith. Near to these confused ruins U tho beautiful littlo upright fragment of tho Toruple of Cestornnd Pollux, those twin'tons of Leila who stand na the emblems of frnttrnal fidelity. The air is full o£ old-world memoriof, and involuntarily that noblo hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound jvafted by strange singers aoross tho eccntud boan-fielda—" dear work-stoada of tha hairy bees"—and ehnkon liko peifumn from the fluehod branches of flowering fruit- trees, ? r.nd Uio eweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. But their day is done. Their Templn is but n hint, precious for architectural grace, and beautiful in spite of its deoay; and they them selves, this heroic pair, are ns dead as tho too etone efligy lying prostrate on tho gra?s. " Farowell, yoa eono of Leila"—" Cnator of tho swift steeds and swnrt Polydcnoer.," " to whomall minstrels wero dear," " tho twain that aid all mortals," "tho beloved pair," auccourora ot man in tho very thrill of Peril, and of horso3 maddonod in tho bloody preos of battle, and of ships that, defying tho Stars that sot and riso in have en oountetod tho perilous breath of storms"— larowell I The prosent haa destroyed tho past and Judrea baa oonquoied Greece: but what Wβ world bag loet in eubatanco it ??'inspirit,; rind gratitude for beriu% may .out livo belief in its divinity. ..... JfrTheocritua porvadcK all Sioily, Girgeijti :,fa possessed by Ei- ticdocle'*. Clud in hia purple robo, crowned with laur.sl, ; Bliod with /golden sandals—what won thia man? Was. ;lie'tho wise measurer ol mortal force, the -diligent observer and partial conqueror of nature, some affirm him to have been? *\Ya9 bo tlio self-consecrated ecer.end mystic, siiicera it-also self-deceived, who imagined moro than ha know,, aud who obscured his 'clenrer thmifihls by pbantaMco and Ids per- CJptiprl3_byilliHi.--.rls? Of was be tho eon scions chaiTafKiT "who .trr.dedrrai moil's crrdti lity and direbnnfed their' if/noranco ? Who .pan say V . Ii", too, id ono of those faces in ' tlin clouds for vhieb each observer has a different form. But whatever 'no wa>, he was born nilbted at Aeragas, the beautiful city where the- goda wero housed in glory and worshippsd with fervour', and tt was from tbyfe that he sftt ont tn seek for immortality in the tternM fires of X -ria. And now, M'bat do ?>?? find at tbo modern town and station-of Girgcnti? A connlry barren ot trees but fruitful in grain; iiplaVjdd as preen with uprooting corn ss English fields scenting tbo air with perfume almost as "rich SB tli?t'wlitoh steals from the jessamine and orango bloseoma ol tho high-walled gardens; uncultivated tracts fall of asphodels and violet?, of borage and the garden diecs yollow ebrysanthemnm.of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of oar wild-flowers at homo— tracts *.7liere a botanitt may spend his hours J-in njoioing. Leaving tbo country and going into tho town, which is vol unon the high rook dominating tho plain, we find but little beauty. Tho women no longer "card the soft wool about their knees," ns in the days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at nil that ? desperate'Siratbtha who loved too much ; bnt tbey aro said to bo tho most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girponlcso is to bo sure of heirs and the tradi tional quivor-full. The chief object of interest in the town is of courso tho Duomo or cathred ral, whero thoy show you superb vestmonts wrought in gold and silver.- with garnets and turquoises mixed in with tho embroidery ; an engraved ivory staff, and two cplrmd'd monstrances—the ono ot gold and.. Jewells in tbe form of a Bun rayed and banded ; tho other, ot Bilvor flowcra, with tho Madonna's hair in tho centre. Tho plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aislo agreo but ill with tho florid ornamontation of the high altar or tho hold carving of tho roof; and the echo which seems to run round tho wall like an invisible flame was onco tho causa of moro heart-burnings than tho ar'obitcct knew when he sttnok by chance on that fatal angle of inoidonco. „ . , .. ~ If you aro at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a vetjlinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will s'eo a b'ttle.of Sicilian mannern and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, retl-bodied Fiends, tho Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace iv tho ptatea, you will not safl ono woman. Tho Sicilian blood is too hot' and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and indis criminate mingling of man and women ; and thero still exist in these less -visited and less continentalized placet;, fitrong traces of tho Saracenic scolU?ion of women. In tho boxes, two female macks—tho only fenialo masks in the theatre—coma down ever and avon, attended by their male companion, to cross the phit-ui "for such icfrmhments as .aro to ba found at tho back of tho etsge. No ono suo-iks to them, aud they speak to no one. Even that group of Stilus who respect no man, make way for them : as do thoso half down Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill cries, letting Hy livo birds as a diversion tho mors. These two hands aro evidently well known in the place. They go in Rnd out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which aro laughingly occoptod, and they dance with less cluoisiness and moro grace than the rest. Among tho spectators in tho boxes oro two or thrco exquisite little ma.-1.3 0f children. Ono curly-paled-Louis XIV., ot perhaps the ripe ago of three, aftor making frantic efforts to kifs papa with tha intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from bos to box like a big doll. In ono it is tho centre of attraction and wor ship to livo ?alwart men; for Itrdian men arc liko women iv their love of children, and jou will constantly son the- father performing rbat we. consider to Vm 'essentially womanly c.IH:?s for a little child, while the mother stands by tanking on complacently. Thero is a tiny, gnld-hernod, red.bodied imp, whoso delight in his horns is suoh as one might have expected from n young fawn when ho first learned that lie oould butt that bold kid 'with hia own weapon. For q last word : Girgonti U now abso lutely safp. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind tho fallen columns with tha snakes aud the lisardf, and j tbo long gun handy. Now yon havo only the lizards. Tlio snakes have bean frightened away by the throng'of visitors; carabiniori keep evil .disposed men in check; and bri -gandago, like tbo old ctilt.'hns vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. Tho editor [cb lone mul roiserablo When he 0311 iind no joI;o that's BoiflNorablo 