"BLOOD WILL TELL." Scald tothe Norsemn! Scald. ' Thus thesong ended ," Thus the song of the viking's ghost ended, in the magnificent old Norse land ballad, and thus ends the song, or the dirge rather, which has broken Uip thelong-frozen fount of human tears in this colony. "STcald to the Norseman! Scald,"' The natural human voic. breaks into a shoutas the gallantactioei of the true-bred Norseman at .that Ly-ee Moon wreckis understood; The:one Norsemaii whoi comes first to mind is that OLxF:TlonPE,- the boatswain, who,. bgtteied,. .and .bruised, and bleeding with his. -struggleo to thel shore, thought first,.. when once he trod firm ::ground, of the poor drowning 'people on.the wreck. His figure, down on the edge of the white-lipped hungry surges, come first to mind. We see him standingr there, venturing to the very jaws of tlhe cruel death, spending his last strength in a despairing effort to' hurl tile m1eans of rescue aboard the fast breaking hull. He appears there, lit by thle torch glare, faced by the hungry sea, backed by thile beetling cliffs, thile embodiment of the heroic genius ofthel northern race. 1We desire him to be so regarded, to be so understood, and then we should like to say thatthe is only a representative, not a particularised man. His was the opportunity, his the strength, and his the luck. Thlere wore twenty, forty, others on board that boat who would have dis played a similar courage hIad circum stance permitted or.required it. There were men there who stood not only absolutely unappalled, but strong in the heroic tenderness of their nature, through all that fearful night; taking a little boy to their hearts and shelter ing him with their own bodies against thepitiless waves. There wore men who died there-silently, without a shriek or a groan, and there were others who may be almost said to hIave atoned for any blunder,- by. a splendid Iheoroisni when thie time of manhood's test really came. Memories such as these come in decd as the song of the Scald after the merciless fury of the fight. They brisg us some consolation, sore. after-thought of joy. And what in struction? What do we learn from the example of Ons' Ttonee, of POTHE?-ISGIAM,, the third officer, of Bxnor,'ss, the seaman, of WusItess, the lighthouse-man, of the absolutely faultless conduct of every man of the ship's company in that time of awful trial ? We shall understand better, perhaps, if we try to imagne what would have occurred if, instead of the strong, fierce northern, the dull Mongolian blood had predominated on board. There would have been perfect order, willing obedience, an outward show of cleanliness, while all went well, but how when the shock came.? Imagine the shrieking, squeaking, gibberish, the running to and fro, the eager, self-saving, the possible crime, instigated and impelled by fear. The power of enforcing authority temporarily gone, the effect of authority would have been dead; and no weakling or unfortunate would have had the remotest chance. Heroism and endurance did not save many in this sad instance; but it is easy to imaginc, and possible to re call.. cases in which the pluck of British or northern breeding, taking advantage of every moment and every opportunity the elemental st:ife afforded, did save much life. And so long as winds and waves war ti gether, and sunken rocks and ugly cdastlines offer risks, the same dangers and opportunities will occur; and is it not important that we stand at all points prepared to meet and to take them '? We can work our ship cheaply with the eastern tIlbour, and all going smoothly and well we can declare better dividends to share holders. and offer better conditions to merchants, perhaps. But the time of peril is the time of trial, and how will the yellow skins and the sluggish and cowardly eastern blood, stand then? - Is there not a lesson in the atten dant circumstances of this Lv-ee Moon disaster, and from every other wreck on the coast, that whatever merchants may do- with their goods, passengers who travel with their lives would do well to see that the ships are not only commanded but manned by crews whose blood wdill not turn to water, matters none whaa storm and peril may assail them ? 'Iis pleasant, doubtless, to know that the farea are five per cent. lower, and that Air Mox and ALi To~c, the stew ards, are always civil and attentive, but terrible compensation comes in when, instead of OeLP, or ALEC, Or JACK, heavnag the life line, the hideous face of Ast Mow appears with a long knife gleaming, and an evident intimation in eyes and teeth to take for his own use the life buoy, to which-wife or child is trustng for salvation. 