A Tough Story. A vmnY tough story, which is vouched: for after a faslhion, is going the rounds and given'for what it is worth. It is related that a Mr. S. M. was sitting in his back yard talking to some friends, when his attention was called:to a hen witl 'a brood of young chickens, and a large rat that had emerged from his hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from his hole the house cat awoker from' her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat, Crouching low she waited deo. voelopments, and stood prepared to spTrig upon his ratship. At tho appearance qf gl napigat enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, which had been sunning itself in the woolshed, pricked up his ears, and quietly made for the place whore the cat stood, At this. mon0t A boy came upon the Mcot011. 'jheo chickons were not cognizant of being watobed by* the rat, nor di4 tWg Tat see the cat, hoer t~oo,;e bJ e o dog, who had hot noticed the coming of the boy, A little chick wandered too nigh and was seized by the rat, which was inturn pouncedupon by the cat', and the out was caught in the mouth of the dog. The rat would not cease its hold on the chicken, and the oat, in spite of the shalkings he was getting from the dclog-did ?t '"let go the rat, It eb fun for the by,. and with high' gleo he watched the. contest and the struggle of each of the victims, ýt *seomnd to him that the stone lie hurled at them was bound to hit, the rodent. 'he ahn was bad, the stone struoh the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its grip on the cat and fell over dead, It had breathed its last before the cat in turn let go' the. rat, and turned over and died, 'lho rat did not long survive the' enemy, and beside the already dead chibkon, he laid himself down and gave up the ghost, The owner of the dog was so angry at its death that he' i saidtohavocomevery near making the story complete by kil. ling the boy that killUed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in the yard in - stroot,-San Francisco Post. 