ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY Tuen GeoeT.) Politics are at last assuming somewhat of a distinct form. Twice within a week have the gentlemen who delight to style themselves the Liberal party. but who by their opponents are branded with the name of Radicals, met in solemn conclave. Although there was an air of mystery surrounding their proceedings, and the Press wascarefully excluded,the resolutions arrived at in secret caucus have leaked out, and can no longer be ranked among the " things not generally known." The Coalition Government is to be continued on lines similar to those agreed upon during the Service-Berry regime. Mr. Gillies is to play first fiddle and lead, and DMr. Deakin is to act as general to four Radical Ministers, and it is just when the selection of these latter has to be made that the trouble will commence. Colloquially speaking, there are more pigs than tents, and the struggle for the lacteal nourishment furnished by the State in the shape of the Ministerial salaries is certain to be a severe one, and to drive into the Opposition camp all those who consider themselves eligible-and of course every one of the noble patriotic band of 25 that attended the Liberal caucus in the Chief Secretary's lofice claims to be fit. Then what is to become of the section of the party including Messrs. W. C. Smith, Mirams, Pearson, Woods, and Richardson, who see no other chance of a long relega tion to "the cold shades of Opposition" buta return to the old system of govern ment by party ? And then to these must be added the present Ministers not in cluded in Mr. Gillios's team. It is pretty evident that the outcome of the dissatis faction expressed at the reconstruction of Mir. Service's Government on a coalition basis will be ere long a change of Ministry. During the secret caucus debates some very strong opinions were expressed, Mr. John Woods, a former Minister of Railways, plainly stating, before leaving the room in dudgeon, that "there was bound to be a split soon." Those political .veterans,. Messrs. Service and Berry, notwithstanding the very broad hints they have received from all sections of the Press that their room at the Federal Council at Hobart would be decidedly preferable to their company, appear de termined to "lag superfluous on the scene." Unable as they will be to give in Parlia ment any account of their stowardship,and with no sense of responsibility resting upon them, the presence of the Victorian dele gates will assuredly invest the proceedings of the first Council with an air of unreality which will sadly mar its prestige and de tract from its usefulness. Under the circumstances the best course to take in order to avoid future complications would be for the Assembly to summon the two delegates to the bar of the House and receive at first hand from these honourable gentlemen themselves a full, true, and particular account of their doings and sayings while in Hobart. As, howeover, both Mr. Service and Mr. Berry intendtaking their departure from Victoria before Parliament can be summoned, we shall perforce have to remain satisfied with such accounts of the proceedings as may reach us per favour of the Press reporters. It is certainly a matter for deep regret that " such an important epoch in the history of Australasia"-to borrow the phrase in use among those who talk and write anent the Hobart gathering-should be robbed of so much of its importance by the vanity which prompts two moribund statesmen to stick to the helm after they have lost all right to control the course of the ship of State. Mr. Berry has never been credited with possessing either tact or good taste, but of Mr. Service better things were expected. If the beginning of this last-named gentleman's political career as late Premier of Victoria partook, as it did, of the brilliancy of the ascending rocket, its ending assuredly forcibly re minds one of the falling of the charred and unsightly stick. The " strike" among the wharf labourers, and generally among the men " who go down to the son in ships and do their bosi ness on the great intorcolonial waters," has been happily ended, the questions in die ipte between employers anl employed having been referred to arbitration. In all probability matters will be arranged on the basis of mutual concessions, the shipping firms meeting the demands of the men for increased pay half way. Some dilliculty was anticipated owing to the arrival, by tie Milanapouri, of 90 men from Now Zen land imported by the steamship owners, but as they were allowed to land withoiut protest or molestation by the Seamen's Union and the Trades Hall Council, the view will probably be taken by this.body that as thue Uen wore engaged before any terms of settlement were agreed upon, the new comers are entitled to swell thd fanks of the Victorian population without in curring the displeasure of her sovereign people, as represented by " the working man." Old Victorian identities are unanimous in describing the weather up to Wednes day last as " the longest spell of continuedd heat they ever experienced." A fgw days during which the thermomotor marks 'a few degrees above the normal summef temperature always evokes these reminis cences, which can therefore be received with or without the classical and proverbial grain of salt. But as the heat has been followed by heavy thunder showers, thie lnto grain crops, still unharvested, have in the north-western areas been very much damaged, and farmers are the reverose of. jubilant. Yet a little foresight and a little faith in the science of nmeteorology might have saved a great deal of loss. Mr. 'ribbutt, the head of the Sydney Observatory, pre dicted, some timo since, that owing to the number of sun spots visible,. indiclting considerable disturbance over thle surface of the orb, great atmospheric disturbaneds might be expected in thu earth'seatmo? phlier, induced by electric action, and the result has been the full justification ofithb weather, wiseo gentleman's prophetic fore east. The near approach of the dislFolution is causing the candidates for Parliauieditarny honours in the Assembly to dtlAchirei thlosi solves . .Several of the old, and a few.Iner; men have already addressed public meet-, lngs; but politics may be desuribed in mor-. cantile, parlance as ""dull," and:l',tl.o different speakers appear to boa,;fairl' ' gravelled for lack of matter." "As airul6, they all declare for the slatuoi:quo, and .are ready to see the, Coalition carried on.. IfB smost of the now men offering, tllomselveo are as yet unknown to fame, and unhmnm pered by any former pledges, .they are.st liberty to promise overything, and as aoon sequence a number of noew fads are likely to receive an. airing in the neit Assembly In regard to those now offering their ser vices to the electors, the only noteworthy fact is the almost entire absence of .Vic torian born candidates, and the entiie absence of men of mark and talent. Art9 muis Ward would have described them as "a very or'nary lot." One of the men concerned in the late sticking up of the Hloddle-street branch of the Commercial Bank has ttdrdid informer, and consequently the detective police haved been able to discover the entire gang con corned in the outrage. They have now-all been identified by the manager of the bank, and committed for trial. The whole affair waseo ill planned and badly carried out by the perpetrators of the outrage, that but for the accidental shooting of Mrs. atvens croft, the landlady of thie banking pre mises, the affair would hardly have called for notice. The jury empanelled to enquire into the circumstances have returned ia verdict ascribing the death of the victim to " misadventure," adding a rider excul pating the unwitting author of her death. This verdict will doubtless save the robbers from the gallows, although the law au thorities have not yet decided whether a charge of murder will not be preferred against the culprits, in addition to one of "robbery under arms." Both crimes are under Victorian law capital offences Catslemaine is even more favoured in the matter of oracles than even the famied Delphis itself. For whereas the ancient city only possessed one, Castlemaine can boast of the presence of two. Mr. Service last week delivered himself, and Mr. Patterson, Mr. Berry's ex-Minister of lail ways, this week took up his parable. Those who expected the honourablo gentleman to bless the intended arrailgoements must have been grievously disappointed, for MIr. Patterson unhesitatingly condemned the Ministry, his late colleague, his policy, Iris consistency, and his political honesty. Evidently, Mr. Patterson intends playing a lone hand, and watching the development of events, and Ir. Patterson, in Ihis generation, is wise. lie knows that he is not to be included io the present team, ihe is quite aware of the weakness of the present Opposition, and allying himself with neither. IIe foresees that ere long lie will in a "free, easy, and accessible manner," be chosen as the Premier of Vic toria. January 25. 