ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. HUGH KALYPTUS ON HOLIDAYS. The holiday - loving public have curious ideas as to what constitutes a day's pleasure, judging from the many thousands of men, women and children, congregating at certain places. Take Glenelg for instance on the " Twenty- eighth," which is something akin to the Fourth of July Festival in America, (hi Proclamation Day it is generally awfully hot, dreadfully dusty, and woefully weari some, yet thousands rendezvous there year after year, and show how pertinacious the average Australian iB in pursuit of pleasure (save the mark). This is the programme 1\. A hurried breakfast, with the head of the family grumpy and the mother worried. 2. A hurried examination of Scrymgour's or some body else's Guide, a muddle as to the time the tramcar passes and which train it catches; father of the family sarcastic on the subject of wifely manage ment; mother worried; children fretty, and pestering about spades and buckets, and all eager to start. 3. A rush out at the tram and a scramble back for a youngster left behind. 4. Tram is crowded, no chance of getting away by it. 5. Watch for another, crush all the children in; lunch left behind in the hurry; father furious, mother bothered out of her life. 6. Beach train—chock full, people standing on steps; rush for the Hold fast Bay line; crowd waiting there also; everybody scowling at everybody else as an intruder; scramble for carriage; pater familias has bought a first-class ticket and finds himself in a second- class carriage— threatens to write to the Register; gets chaffed by 'Arry and his larrikin friends for exhibiting temper. 7. Gets to the Bay and finds a motley multitude on the shore and jetty; carries the baby through the crush to the sea-end of the jetty, and is met by the deluge of people from the Port steamers; rails at the committee for fencing off the north end of the T-head; finds no rest for his bones on seat or step; baby squalls at thenoise and confusion; Tommy gets lost; Polly is knocked down, and mother gets separated from the family. 8. All instinctively ad journ to the Police Station in search of the lost youngsters ; father a little flushed with —well, "refreshmentsmother hot and anxious; children fretty, and they find Tommy bellowing hie beBt amongst a lot of small fry in the sergeant's room. Tommy, the lately lost and mourned over, is solidly spanked, and yells harder than ever; father swears, mother lets ont at last, her patience exhausted, and peace is patched up with buns and giugerbeer. Family make for a restaurant; the place is crowded, the tea is weak, the pastry has been rebaking in the sun . all day, and pater familias, now hotter, more tired, more savage than ever, mother , more weary and children howling, trieB to get into the train, and after the back buttons are torn off, father's coat, mother's bonnet crushed com pletely, and children squeezed to forty-yell power in the crash, they all get to town, and make for home, having had their holiday Oh yes! very mnch. And yet the same people go again the next year as if it were a£religious duty—in fact, they would not patiently endure half the heat and dis comfort at Church; not they. I have come to the conclusion that real heroism may be found in full bloom on the 28th at the Bay amongst the cus tomary crowd. The women, indeed, are true heroines, for you find them after hours of anxiety, heat, hurry, and worry, still patient abstemious and enduring to a degree, nursing their fretting offspring uncomplainingly, while many of the men have been drowning their troubles in colonial ale. Oh! woman, in onr holidays. So lond oi toilet and delays, Bnt when the weary day is o'er, StiU equal to enduring more. While men are putting down pale ale Thou dost not in thy duty fail. But keepest calm amidst the noise, Aml^watcheat o'er^thg giris andboys, Is trifling still with heavy wet. He was a well-known Bishop, and one of a right manly stamp, and he was above the pomps and vanities of episcopal life, but he bad been "my lorded" ad nauseum, and on the title hiorasbip the changes baa been rung in cessantly. It was, therefore, a relief to him to getaway to a distant watering-place, where he contracted a comradeship with a conple of nice little lads, with whom he went boating, and who, in the freshness of their hearts, not knowing his name or position, were wont in frolicsome mood to call him " Mate" and "Jack." One day they met him with their father, and were teproved for not addressing him as " My Lord." " Oh! we did not know he was a Lord," quoth one, " we call him onr mate, we thought he was a mate." And that is just how the Bishop felt; he did not wish to be anything more than a mate to those un sophisticated lads. The people who think tbey know are far more numerous than the people who really know, or know they know. Mr. Gell is one of those who think they know, and he is anxious to impart his knowledge to other people, or rather he wishes to be their guide, philosopher, and friend. It must have been a great comfort to His Excellency the Governor, after the mild public reproofs he has had for that unfortunate slip o' the tongue at Linden, to find that Mr. Gell, who knows all about it of course, approves of his freedom of speech. Henceforth Mr. Gell, who has now found his vocation, will continue in his office of self- constituted adviser to His Excellency the Governor, and through him rule this misguided country, which really wants a mighty intellect to manage it. One Ministry has been called the mollusca .Minis try, Mr. Gell's Cabinet should be entitled the gellatine Government A FAUX PAS. Now Mr. Gell. we know you well, Yonr stature's not gigantic, And Mr. Gell, your speeches tell That you are not romantic. Yon make a speech beyond your reach, Yoor foot is often fu it, Yon're often so mat apropos. With/our pas every minute. thai Mr. Gell, tfe ne'er caii tell When it is tale to let yon Deal with a speech, leet yon might preach Wrong lines to those who've met yon. Onr Governor, he sought soar shore, To drink health to the Bay, Sir; Bnt Mr. G., yon'd not let be, The topics of the day, Sir, Ton raised a point, pnt ont of joint. By people far more wtae, Sir ? And Mr. Gall, 'twould be as well; If you would not surmise, Sir. Yon mlsht conclude its very rude To rake tip thins* like that. Sir; The ghost was laid without your aid, In fact, your point fell flat, Sir, Bnt puree of silk, or of that ilk, You may have chanced to hear, Sir, Was never spun, or ever done, from any bow's long ear, Sir. So Mr. GeU, just give a spell To your unruly tongue, Gell, And e'er yon speak, think for a week, And then keep in the bnng, Gell. 