CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with tbe follow* ine conditions:—1. The poems may be on anjf subject and in any measure. 2. The selected vrordfit to be used in any order, i.e., not necessarily inr the came consecutive order in which they arv arranged. 3. At least as many selected words axet to be used as one-half of the number of lines in tbeg - vetBes in which they are embodied. The selected^ words were Tale, Tear, lhought, Time, Together^ Train. We publish the following this week ;— Together, dearest, let us stray. As oft we did in youth's fair day. When all our dreams were bright and clear. In fancy live them o'er again, Forget each trace of grief and pain. And banish far tbe scalding tear. Time flies, and like a tale that's told, It leaves us feeble, frail, and old. thought, alas! grows still more dim; Though youth be past, let us, my love. Still train our thoughts in faith above. And still have confidence in Him. B. S. S.. Great floods were caused by heavy rain. The chasm made engulphed the train ; O ! sad the tale, it gives one pain, And often draws a tear. Together all along the line The thought of racing filled each mind. The carnival tbey lett behind; Without one thought of fear. A jolly lot that sporting throng. The time tbey spent in jest and song, And little lecked they that ere long Grim death mi£ht then appear. Yi3.HA. " I could a tale unfold," the ghost to Hamlet said * (And so could any dog that has a tail behind him): What though the horrid thought filled Hamlet'4 soul with dread. The phantom only sought in time just to remind, him, That he, "the serpent that did sting bis father & life"— His uncle at that hour his father's crown TOS. wearing; But oh, the bitter tear; the agonizing strife, The train of sad events, his troubled soul wertf scaring. Served bet to nerve his heart to great and &oblg; Save Sored Cor but to urge him on to deeds of retribuH Wikiess when he tbe ting and queen together taxe$ With crimes "unwhippei by justice," crimes ol foul polution. NAUTILUS. 