THE FAKIR OF OOLU. ? Dr. Sylvester, whose recent decease at Melbourne formed an item, lately in our télégraphie intelligence, was a rather remarkable man* and, being well known to many in this colony, the following particulars of his career may prove of interest to many of our readers : Alfred Sylvester was born October 17th, 1831, in Westminster, London. He studied medioine and chemistry, and was a pupil of Professer Taylor. He became principal lecturer at the Boyal Panopticon of Science and Art, London; also, at the Boyal Polytechnic. About the year 1859 he started the ' London Stereoscopic Company, and received a large salary for the production of slides and views, and was the first to intro- duce eartes-de-visite. He had, afterwards, large premises of his own, 5 and 8 New Dorset Place, Clapham Bo ad, London-the largest stereoscopic studio in the world; also, a printing establishment. About the year 1860, when photographing the largest brass instruments ever made (manufactured by Mr. Henry Distin), the place was totally destroyed by fire i instruments and all-the loss amounting to j some thousands of pounds. He afterwards I took a lease of 118 and 119 New Bond I Street, London, and carried on the same business ; but, owing to misfortune, by a man falling down his coal plate and receiving £1,000 damage for a broken leg, and the back part of the building collapsing and doing great damage to other property, he was compelled to take a partner into the business (Mr. Biohard Thomas.) It was carried on jointly by them for some time with great success. Biohard Thomas afterwards purchased the whole of the business. About the year 1862 Dr. Sylvester invent- ed the Great Ghost illusion which created much excitement all over the world and had a long run at the Canterbury Hall, London, also at the Polytechnic and other Halls and Theatres in London and varienB parts of England, the colonies and America. In the year 1864 he invented the Prismatic Fountain which, like the Ghost, was a grand success everywhere ; also " The Enchanted Canopy" in 1866; the Talking Lion in 1868 the Enchanted Lady in 1869 ; the Ancetos in 1873 and many other scientific illusions. ' In the year 1865 he went to America for a short tour with the Hanlon Brothers and met with great success, the principal iteme in his programme being the Fountain and the Sphinx. Returning to London in Oct. 1867 he played at the Crystal Palace and was also Lessee of the Polygraphie Hall, King William St., Strand, which he after, wards transfered to Robert Heller. In July 1867 he was engaged by Messrs, J, Defries and Sons to play three prismatio fountains at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, on the occasion of the Belgians' visit to England. The engagement lasted for about four months for which he received avery large salary. He afterwards visited'the Exhibition Palace, Dublin, for a short season, and returning to London, played at the Egyptian Hall, and had the honour of exhibiting before the Queen and Royal Family. In July 1869, he left London for America where he was specially engaged by Messrs. Jarrett & Palmer, of Niblos Gardens, Kew York, for the production of all the stage effects in Black Crook. He then made a tour through the States, including the South- ern States, Salt Lake City, and California, with great success. Returning to London in 1872, he made a great sensation as the Fakir of Oolu, with the Entranced Lady, again playing at the Egyptian Hall, Agricultural Hall and else- where. In December 1874, he made an I agreement with Mr. J. C. Rainer, of Mel- bourne, to visit the colonies and arrived in I Melbourne, December 12th, 1874. He per- formed in Melbourne, Sydney, New South Wales, New Zealand, Tasmania, and South Australia, and in 1878 visited India, return- ing to Melbourne in 1879 and re- visiting the above-named colonies. In 1881 Dr. Sylvester visited Western Australia (Exhibition time) and returned to Melbourne in 1882 where he has remained ever since, and after a long illness died January 13th, 1886, at 7 a.m., his youngest son and daughter being with him at the time. 