Eclios from EnelantL (Br 'Littijb Jobs.') . -THB TUBF. TKE BX. UEGEB MESOTS. XiOHSoir, September 17.— The Z-oaeaster meeting lias been in every way a great success, for thoueh. the weak opposition -to Ormonde deprived the St. teger of neatly all interest, the character of the sport generaUj- was very good iafieed. No fault could be found with the attendance, and the 'house parties' of the county swells were much larger than usual. Mr. Christopher Syka« eotert»ajed a pelect paxty at ~R.r°-'t''c*TiiTw*TiT'Tg, including the .Prince of Wales, tbrd and XaOj Charles Beresford, the Duchess of Manchester, Lord Hartdngton, Vis count utaliray, or serlby nail s oix t±. laesvy-xAompson. Mx. Foljamte, of Osterton; Mr. C. E. S. Cooko, of St. Catherine*; the Earl of Scarborough, liord Xosdes boTough, Lord A.ncUa*d; Ur. Beckett, ol Un3n»ypleton ; Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Chaplia, lord Waaioefc, and the Doke of Portland. All either drove or came by special trains -with, their fnesfcs. ' JEarly in the morning visitors were treated to a. sight of the Sake of Westminster' 9 veritable 'horse of the century' (for no one will now demy Ormonde's claim to that title) doing » ale* bit of work, though' only ridden by e. stable lad, and the rerdict waa nnanimons to bis fitxesa for the 'morrow** fray. - In accordanca with custom, the ?itewjlliaia Stakes opened the procee^nffs, and the two top weights, IincerBe mid Camlet ilnifthftd first and second. 7h& former it wonderfully well at present, and despite the fact that bis understandings are decidedly ' dickey,' and that he is & bit wrong ia hag wind, he will not prove a dear parohase to Captain MacUell, who gave 1100 guineas for him alter the race. He will take a lot of stopping juet now, especially when opposed to animals of lower class than he boasts of. For the dumber Plate seven m»f«n«if toed the scratch, and Veracity, who last week failed to gWe a lamp of weight away to another two-year-old, Gale, at York, won pretty easily in the hands of F. Barrett. xae iign, a. eon ot uoncaster, just maaagea to squeeze home by a head for the Doncaeter 'Welter, t-»«ifa to a fine piece of riding on the part of C Wood. The Great York shire Handicap was reduced to half a dozen runners, in cluding King Monmouth and Ben Alder, who Tan first and second last year. 'The King' was made favorite, but was closely-pressed in the actual betting' by Selby, who so sorely disappointed the cute I'Anson party in the Nor thumberland Plate. However, they once rcoro backed him like men; end this time lie amply justified their confidence, aud proved beyond doubt that he was unlucky to hare lost the big race in tie north. Much interest was centred in the next event, the Cham pagne Stakes, in winch twe unbeaten ones, Fauzerschiif and Grindison. were otmoned by Phil, a nailinefine celt of Irish descent. Weight of mosey at last made the Earl of Zetland's colta strong farorite at 95 to 40 on, but aftora desperflte race 'he could only succeed in making a dead heat o£ it with Gracdison, and the stakes were divided. Both colts are worthy of their big-h Uoease, but, whereas GrsvswUsou ia well eugag- sd, L-iazarECBifi \ia^ Bot teen nominated for any cf t~m ctn*Eic races of nt -xt yeir in which he would mast certainly tsv*. -flayed a iivouiiusnt part. Tbe love of Yorksliireiren it;.- a good horsu ia jyr jyerbial, and tUe fame of Ormonde was.quiic -iu^rieM in itseU to attract a large attendhuce on t!:c St. Leper Hay. From early morning thousands and thousaccls or piopie poured into the city and weeded thc-ir way to the tov.-p raocr, -u order to eecure good positiups. Before i.'re:ikfai.fc most of the candidates fov tba big race took mederure oiercieo, aiid all of them ssno satisfaction. TLe gieii; lior*-e Wae, of course, tke object of most attention, mube ira- geaeritlly admired. Some there were who tried to ?? pick holes ' ia him, but tbey did not dare to go beyond uitre criticism, and back the opinions they expressed, lie certainly looked in tlie blojm of health, sad Jobu Porrer had doce him erery justice-. Tiie Duke and Duchess of Wcstniiiister travelled from Scotiani 'to assist in the triumph of the great sou of Beisd O'. Racing Ijeg-.vn with the Bridgate Part. States, for whisli Pinancitr v.-as heavily backed at 5 to 2 cm ; but t.o'ihrjg bad acaacce witb_Mcpbisto, who, under Tom CftnuoD, HaueJ home an easy wiaucr. th.il miwie amende Cor bis defeat on the previous day by wianin-c the Tattersali's Sale Stakes in a carter. Ulie Milton Stutes produced tec runners, some of them pretty smart. Luminary (the only horse that beat Melton during- his two-years-old career) bad been pni chased by Mr. Arthur Cooper alter ruE niug- iu the Fitzwilliam States the previous day, with a view tj winning tills race ; and Archer haricg the mount, the clever dirision wont for a Urn stake. But the ' good thing ' didn't quite coaie oil as eipectei ; for Mr. Abington's Secromanccr happened to * be' in a trying mood and upset the pot. Attention was next directed t# the great race of the day. The morning report that Enoch's stable would supply a couple of runners in Easingtcn and Gray Friars, was only confirmed as regards the former. He helped to make up a party of seven, which is the smallest field on recoidfor the last thirty-four years. The KiiiftBClere pair were among the first to enter the paddock, and it is not too much to say that during his Ion? career Porter has never done more justice to any cliarge than to Ormonde. The hero ol tbe Two Thousand and Derby, who is letting down into a colt of immense power, was trained to perfection, and he etrippedasdeanin wind aain limb. Hecarriedbimselfmuch more soberly than in the sprine tmd summer, and looked every inch a conqueror when he followed bis somewhat fretful companion Coracle out of the paddock. St. iTirin, who was much liked, advanced to 100 to 7 before the fall of thefla?, and double this price was laid against the other ' Saint.' Plenty of fancy bets were taken about placing the first three, and most of these arrangements .would have come off had St. Michael been able to get out of the way of the despised Ennoor. The surprise of the race, was the running of the latter, and St. Michael, who ran ungener ously (as he has before done more than once) was never nearer than three lengths. Coracle helped Eimbor to eet the pact) until half way between the half-mile post and the bend, when Archer allowed Ormonde to stride along. The question was soon settled, and he cantered home four lengths in front of St. SEirin — a verdict which might have 'been increased ' four-f aid, had Archer pleased. A more hollow victory, or one more TKroul&r;, could hardly be imagined; and when the Duke of Westminster led Ormonde back to the scales, he was received with bursts of CB.eer.ins, which, were repeated when '«dl right?' was called. Archer has now ridden six St. Iieger wisnus in the sn#ce of ten years. In placing himself upon anequality with West Australian, Giadiatenr, and Lord Lyon, Ormonde has farther established his claim to rank as one of the very best horses the English turf has known, and with ordinary luck he should never know defeat. It is sot intended to run him until lie puts in an appearance at Newmarket. The ouly event worth recording on the third* day was the Portland Plate, for which most of the celebrated sprinters were entered. Crafton, on the strength of bis recent form, was installed favorite, and Harmattan amd Brighton were also heavily backed. The others most epoken off were Storella, Campbell, and Pearl Diver, of whom the la*t named failed to mend upon his disappoint ing form at Derby. Hpdwana, on the contrary, was at her very best, and dashing off the mark in a style worthy of her beat days, sue made ail the running and wes easily. Brighton made up a lot of lort ground at tlw finish, but Crafton and .Campbell were both chopped at the start, and neither of them persevered to the end, A OBASD KVEK7. The next Newmarket Hourhioa will witness perhaps the most important race «ver tub on the classic heath, as the Duke of Westminster has agreed with Colonel Owen Wil liams, to match Ormonde against The Bard for £1000 a-side across the fiat, the little wonder to receive Itilb. The Duke also expressed bis willingness for Bendigo and Melton to join in at evem weights. Lord Hastings at once consented for Melton ; but Mr. Barclay was not present' to answer for the bold Bendigo. There is little doubt, however, as to what he will do. The meeting- of four «uch equine giants will be an event unparalleled even in the history o£ New market, filled as it is with the record of great matches, and the proposed sweepstake* will quite overshadow even the big events at Manchester, Kempton, and Sandown. All good sportsmen hope that nothing may intervene topte vent the meetinr of the cracks. ? ' Having seen How hard Beach tad to row for half a mile to make up the length and a half which Lee got at the start in tho fourth heat of the big sweepstakes, I was quite prepared for Uatfterson'-s defeat by tae American ex amateur. Beach told me that he had to do' his Very best to tatcb. him on that occasion, and I warned Matterson that be was rash in *qfffr1?Ti£ so fast a naa as Lee, especially eo soon after the two grceitinf races he nail kad with Boss and Teemer. ' Neil pooh-poohed the idea of the Yankee baring the ghost of a chance of beating him. However the result proved that f was correct in' mjguclgment, for though the race was a hard one as far as Walden's, I think that Lee was always master of the situation, and when be came over into ~ Matterson'6 water and risked a foul, he saw that Neil was about dope for, a»d that he could always get away from him. Lfee was pretty well done up himself, no doubt, but his opponent was worse. Pat terson had been suffering from a severe ooli, aad he had had mustard plasters on his chest, which is hardly a pro per kind of preparation for a severe race.' Besides, no doubt he was etill feeling the effects of his tremendous exertions in the sweepstakes. Fresh fcad well, he will beat Lee, but just now he has had about enough of it.andhewjll be very foolish if he rows another race ' lor a yeir or twe. I hope his friends in Sydney will try aaapcrBtiaQeliim to CO on the shelf for a timevand when Beach resigns the pbampiouship he 'will probably be his f ucoeseor, for h» is ' Peter Kemp h^ls^ doing »4ot of -work,- and Tsevgreo much fitter than when Jiew wed his. tiro.pryyiouB races ; and Bubear will fin4 him a Bard nu^ tbfirack. He is very faat-indeear aid at he can -stay 'well; Bubear willnevOT see the way he goes. However, in the light of his. other racga, I am afraid that Peter ia de£-aejit Jn stamina; though this quality is dependent on condition to a greater extent than people 'th^fc 'is for E«aSh,^ho aqtotto Ormonde. Jie is fit and well, and will, bar accidents, win both the ehampibnship matches, thbuglTQaudaiir is scalling in fine form, is in pink of condition, and is boated 'to perfection, Mr. St. John (Jaka'e hackorj, is very. confident that he Will heat Beach ; but when I offered to lay him 100 to^SO On the chamDion, he wouldn't SealT ~ I met St. John at dinner the other' evfening, »nd found h}» -i»' exccedia^ly nice fellow. He is * real Bportsnuoi. . ' Hanlau's movements are is'mvEterkmg as ever. Ko Dae seems to know where ;h? is, or what he intends . to do. Since Beach declined, rery properly, to row liim is Ens Jand-aftcrtejiickepfeolong waituig.lie has 'been-Bi^int. 2tr. St. John tells me, however, Oiat he will bo sure to come J» England shortly. Teanwr is prepared to row him on the Thames, andspisBoss: but wMi all due respect to the judgment ol the gentlemen whp are reaSjrfe back these men— they once worshipped the Canadian rr-I ktijeva that Hanlan can 'beet any one ezirept Beach. The latest report ie€ha- Oaudaur has been -matched to rowHanl&n; for §500 dollars a side at St. Louie in Mayor June xiext. F^ am sorry tnatjl am unuiie to record any victories of the Australian team. Taey»eemtaca^^of wiiiniBjajaatch igainsteven a moderate English teain, for tnedrair wasde ddedly against them in the match nteyedai Lord's for the benefit' 61 M-, J. - A.'- 21urdoch,'Tthe'fever'ObUging aod: sourtgouBawisUiit jeOTasjgrrfe^eJILa^ v, ^etMt^ ;hat the team was never good enourh to cope Wfth We lower of Snglapd. The abseitce of Murdoch, Sfitonnell, Bunorman, Soyle,«nda«Fr»a'was ai)ytiiin«- botcompon rarea. xor ay we 'new siooa. iea utuSt l^ ««arly ^C«rthha»l)eeiitcobuAiIy*ngageT*'-^^ nnch attention, to oricket ; added to which ha iliac Men reryThMvy-, ana^requenUy ihe best weuhavelJeen miaup rhen most wanted. Thenagaintheyhaveheen atro^oasly lit the »tln cause «f their nos- gnecess saa iean TSie wntof good foelCai among, the men. Xilon'tqvite wish m be tedeMftooftW ffierta.™ ««^J« *«^ *«. f^offle^*WtoW«MJrW»^:*«k flaaghtc of » w»liJq mtt«aM Ttt» *»^4t. Tt., young ' oemoness ' that is to be is said to lie very amiftbls, arid tfl decidedly pood looking. I believe ohehsa only on# brother and a sister. So papa's wealth has. not tobeverjF. widely distributed. ? Hz. Henniter Heaton entertadned tha team at dinner at!, the House ot Commons on Koaday ereninj?, when htf invited a number of influential people to meet them. Tka; affair passed off with eclat. After dinner and a smoke the cricketers .were, by special invitation of the Speaker* accommodated with seats in the Ambassadors' gallery, anv behind the chair. 