REVIEWS. JOHN MORLEY « The smail series of beautifully printed little Volumes which Messrs. Marmillan and Co. have published containing the collected works of Mr. John Morley forms a noteworthy gift to the generation. They contain high-class literary work, sterling thought, and the results of indefatigable labor and arduous research. They are animated by an ardent zeal for truth and an intense faith in the fostering and Stimulating efficacy of liubt in the mental as in the physical world. Above all, they are alive and throbbing with the feeling of humanity and with that burning desire to aid in improving tho con ditions, mental, moral and matorial, of the dim dumb masses of the human race, the growth of which into a great motive power in shaping the world's history must always be tho inalienable praise of the much decried 18th century. To one class of minds Mr. Morley appears as a man not only without religion, but opposed to it. If We take tho word in its merely official sense and limit it to tho dogmas and observances taught 'in the churches, this view is perfectly correct. But if we look at the subject in a broader way, and recognise that nothing of real good in tho world is done save upon the stimu lus and inspiration of religion, and extend the application of the term to include every high and noble faith which either springs from or in spires tho desire, to devote life and labor for the good and advancement of others and to spend and be spent for the welfare of mankind, then we must modify tho assertion lately quoted and regard this book as on fire, with what is best and truest and most real in religion. As an example of the spirit which we are attempt ing to characterise, we may quote the following passage from one of tho volumes before us. It is taken from a page where Mr. Morley is pro- testing against the supposition that, ''because a man does not except your synthesis, he is there fore a being without a positive creed or a coherent body of belief capable of guiding and inspiring conduct.". And what he has to say on the point is this : — There are new solution for him, if the old are fallen dumb. If he no longer believes death to be a stroke from the sword of God's justice, but the leaden footfall of an inflexible law of matter, the humility of his awe is deepened and the tenderness of his pity made holier that creatures who can love so much should have their days so shut round with a wall of darkness. The purifying an- guish of remorse will be stronger, not weaker, when he has trained himself to look upon every wrong in thought, every duty omitted from act, each infringement of the inner and spiritual law which humanity is constantly perfecting for its own guidance and advantage, less as a breach, of the decrees of an unseen tribunal than as an ungrateful infection, weakening and corrupting the future of his brothers. And he will be less effectually raised from inmost prostration of soul by a doubtful subjective reconciliation, so meanly com forting to his own individuality, than by hearing full in the ear the sound of the cry of humanity craving sleepless succour from her children. The swelling consciousness of height and freedom with which 'the old legends of an Omnipotent Divine Majesty fill the breast may still remain ; for how shall the universe ever cease to be a sovereign wonder of overwhelming power and superhuman fixedness of law ? And a man will be already in no mean paradise if at the hour of sunset a good hope can fall upon him, like harmonies of music, that tho earth shall still be fair and the happiness of every feeling creature still receive a constant augmentation and each good cause yet find worthy defenders when the memory of his own poor name and personality has long been blotted out of the brief recollection of men for ever. It is a reasonable faith that all high-class intellectual labor springs consciously or unconsciously from a desire to improve the conditions of human life. but for nn equally conspicuous kindling of the labor by tho conscious desire which we find in the works of Mr. Morley we need not go further than the life labors of Mr. Morley's great teacher and master, John Mill, while we should have to go very far indeed for another equally admirable and noble instance. The passionate devotion to humanity which burns so clear in the calm, lucid pages of the first great writer is equally operative in the more ornate and perhaps more aggressive writings of the disciple. Mr. Morley himself says of Mill : " It is this devotion to the sub stantial good of the many, though practised without the noisy or osteutatious professions of more egoistic thinkers, which binds togolher all the parts of his work from the ' System of Logic' down to his last speech on the laud question." And it is not too much to say the same of tho 'perhaps less severely, some might say less soberly, restrained zeal and ardcr of the disciple. "Whether treating history or art, tracing tho long warfare between the represen tatives of theology and of science and philosophy before the outbreak of the French devolution, or attempting to elucidate the events of that great cataclysm — a subject to which Mr. Mor ley in his various works recurs and recurs again with over fresh interest — this dominant feeling of the claims and needs of humanity Is con stantly felt to bo the source of inspiration of bis labor. How strongly, for example, is this feeling displayed in tho following comparison , of two historic pictures ! The reference is to the influence of the Queen Marie Antoinette upon the onbringing of the Revolution:— When people write hymns of pity for the Qneen, we always recall the poor woman whom Arthur Young met as he was walking up a hill to ease his horse near Mars-le-Tour. Though the unfortunate creature was only 28, she might have been taken for 00 or 70, her figure was so bent, her face bo furrowed and hardened by toil. Her husband, she said, hod a morsel of land, one cow and a poor little horse, yet he had to pay 421b. of wheat and three chickens to one . Seigneur, and 1001b. of oats, one chicken and one franc to another, besides very heavy tallies other taxes ; ami they had seveu children. She had heard that something was to be done by some great folks for such poor ones, but she did not know who nor how ; but God send us better, for the tallies and the dues grind us to the earth ! It was such hapless drudges as this who replenished the Queen's gaming-tables at Versailles, Thousanus of them draggeu on tbe burden of their harassed and desperate days, less like men and women than beasts of the field, wrung and tortured and mercilessly overladen, in order that the Queen might gratify her childish passion for diamonds, or lavish money and estates on worthless female Polignacs or Lamballes, or kill time at a cost of 500 louis a night at lans- quenct and the faro bank. The Queen, it is true, was in all this no worse than other dissi pated women then and since. She did not realise that it was the system to which she had stubbornly committed herself that drove the people of the fields to cut their crops green to be baked in the oven because their hunger could not wait, or made them cower whole days in their beds because misery seemed to gnaw them there with a duller fang. That she was unconscious of its effect makes no dif ference in the real drift of her policy, makes no difference in the judgment that we ought to pass upon it, nor in the gratitude that is owed to the stern men who rose up to consume her and her court with righteous flame. The Queen and the courtiers, and tho hard-faring woman of Mars- le-Tour and that whole generation have long been dost and shadow ; they have vanished from tho earth as if they were no more than the fireflies that the peasant of the Italian poet saw duncing in tho vineyard as he took his evening rest on the hillside ; they have all fled back into the impenetrable shade whence they came ; our minds are free, and if social equity is not a chimera, Marie Antoinette was the protagonist of the most barbarous and exe crable of causes. When we compare with this passage tho well- known rhapsody of Burke on the Queen of France " then the Dauphiness," note the sus ceptibility of the great orator to the external glitter of life nnd his indifference in this case to the wrongs and sufferings of tho silent millions, and mark how, in the light of tho ' interests of the race, the Queen and ' the poor cottager are but ' atoms of 'a whole, we see what advances have been made in the growth of tho regenerating spirit of humanity in .tho interval between the two utterances and in tho change which has trans ferred the pathos of tho position from the brilliant Queen to the oppressed peasant woman. We have spoken of tho somewhat aggressive accent which is so often noticeable in the works of Mr, Morley. His attitude towards the churches and their creeds is on tho whole one of avowed and uncompromising hostility. He allows them, indeed, an historic validity, as adequate expressions of sentiments essential to the race at the time whence they found their origin, and is able on some occasions to speak of their origins in tones of cordial sympathy and reverence. Thus of the development and establishment of Christianity he says Men sat in darkness, forlorn and without hope,and it is not hard for us to imagine tho exultation with which some greater spirit would produce, and all others would embrace, . Voltaire, 1 vol.; Rousseau, 2 vols. Diderot, 2 toll.; On Compromise, lvol.j Critical Miscellanies, 8 vols, j toy Joint Morley, Lundon : MaciniUan aud Co., 1886. the idea of this misery and darkness being no more than an outer accident, the mysterious and incomprehensible dispensation 'of a divine being, ever alive to the destinies of men, but holding them in the hollow of an unseen hand and guiding them in ways that are not as our ways; ever remote from corporal vision, but operating at a multitude of points on the spirit of each man through grace ; and, finally, by a consummating miracle, repeated daily some thousands of times, severing this spirit from the probation of flesh and prolonging its exist ence independently of the body through all eternity in modes of being none the less real for being impossible to conceive. But, though Mr. Morley can speak in this way of the rise of Chriatanity, his general and normal attitude towards religious creeds and churches is one of hostility. While willing to concede all that they have done for humanity and its progress in tho past, and that they are doing in some cases in the present, he regards them at the best as temporary historic expedients which must pass away when other agencies to which he looks forward have been developed that may do in a much better way all the good that the churches have done or are doing more imperfectly for mankind. And thus, though the following passage is written in a dramatic and hypothetic sense, it is impossible to mistake the extent to which it reflects the convictions and sentiments of its author. It is where he points out what Chaumette might have done in the days of tho Revolution, "in stead of defying the church by the theatrical march of tho Goddess of Reason under the great sombre arches of tho Cathedral of Our Lady" : — "You," he might have said to the priests— " you have so debilitated the minds of men and women by your promises and your dreams that many a generation must come and go before Europe can throw off the yoke of your super stition. But we promise you that they shall be generations of strenuous battle. We give you all the advantage that you can get from the sincerity and pious worth of the good and simple among you. We give you all that the bad among you may get by resort to the poisoned weapons of your profession and your traditions — its bribes to mental indolence, its hypocritical affectations in tho pulpit, its tyranny in the closet, its false speciousness in the world, its menace at the deathbed. With all these you may do your worst, and still humanity will escape you; still the conscience of the race will rise away from you; still the growth of brighter ideals and a nobler purpose will go on, leaving ever further and further behind them your dwarfed finality and leaden, moveless stereotype We shall pass you by on your flank ; your fieriest darts will only spend themselves upon air. We will not attack you as Voltaire did. We will not exterminate you ; we shall explain you. History will place your dogma in its class, above or below a hundred com peting dogmas, exactly as the naturalist classi fies his species. From being a conviction it will sink to a curiosity ; from being a guide to millions of human lives it will dwindle down to a chapter in a book. As history explains your dogma, so science will dry it up; the concep tion of law will silently make the conception of the daily miracle of your altars seem impossible ; the mental climate will gradually deprive your symbols of your nourishment, and men will turn their backs upon your system, not because they confuted it, but because, like witchcraft or astrology, it has ceased to interest them. The great ship of your church, once so stout and fair- and well laden with good destinies, is be come a skeleton ship ; it is a phantom hulk, with warped planks and sere canvas, and you who work it are no more than the ghosts of dead men, and at the hour when you seem to have reached the bay down your ship will sink like lead or like stone to the deepest bottom." But we pass from these general notices of the ruling characteristics and animating spirit of Mr. Morley 's work to a slight account of the books themselves. In his introduction to the essay " On Com promise," the author states its object to be " to consider, in a short and direct way, some of the limits that arc set by sound reason to the practice of the virions arts of accommodation, economy management, conformity, or compromise.'' Bnt in practice it is more than this. It is an energetic and reasoned assertion of the duty of intellectual rectitude and genuineness In all matters of opinion. Its spirit is well indicated by the prefixed motto from Whately, "It makes all the difference in tbe world whether we put Truth in the first place or in the second place." In its virile eloquence and vigorous assertion of the limits beyond which reasonable compromise passes into betrayal of truth and its high interests, Mr. Morley's little book " On Compromise" strongly recalls the noble essay of his great teacher, Mr. Mill, " On Liberty." In deed, Mr. Morley's book is, in one sense, of even greater importance, as more directly meeting a requirement of the world to which it was ad dressed than that of Mr. Mill. There is little danger of Englishmen going far astray by forgetfulness of the paramount obligations of liberty. But unless the other nations of the world are sadly in error in their estimate of the moral characteristics of tho English people, they are liable to the charge in regard to their opinions on the most 9erious matters of undue trafficking with the opinion of the world, with tradition, with con ventionality and with the beliefs of the majority, the price paid being the right of tho individual plainly and manfully to state his own. One be setting tendency of the English — that of placing the political point of view higher than the intellectual one, aud so or making expediency more important than truth— is declared by Mr. Morley to have the effect of a general deteriora tion of conviction. And, with regard to it, he says that " the process is due to causes which affect the moral temper as a whole and pour round us an atmosphere that enervates our judgment from end to end, not more in politics than in morality, and not more in morality than in philosophy, in art and in religion. Perhaps this tendency never showed itself more offensively than when the most important news paper in the country criticised our great natura- list's scientific speculations as to the descent of man from the point of view of property, in telligence, and a stake in the country and severely censored him for revealing his parti cular zoological conclusions to tho general pub lic, at a moment when the sky of Paris was red with the incendiary flames of the Com- mune. It would be hard to reduce the trans formation of all truth into a subordinate de partment of daily politics, to a more gross and unseemly absurdity." And yet there is little doubt that the newspaper which reflects the timidities and intellectual cautiousness of middle-class England was believed by multi tudes of its readers to have in this particular review given only a safe and wise warning as to tho danger of rash speculation "at a time of political excitement. Such desertions and treasons are the inevitable consequence of, to again adopt Whately's words, relegating Truth from the first place to the second. And no more manly and vigorous protest against this tendency to trim and palter and huckster with truth has been produced, even in the national literature which has given us the " Areopagitica" and the essay "On Liberty," than Mr. Morley's strong and out spoken essay " On Compromise." It was said of Carlyle that, though he cease- lessly denounced the 18th century for its cold- ness, its scepticism, its habits of mere negation, he, on the other hand, recognised its vast im- portance and its enchaining interest by devoting a very large part of the 35 volumes which con tain his works to its study and elucidation. Only half of this remark can be applied to Mr. Morley. An even greater proportion of his written work bears upon tho intellectual and moral conditions and changes of the 18th century than in the case of Carlyle. But, on the other hand, no one has ever more stead fastly and powerfully asserted tho importance of the history and tho work of that century to tho student of human thought and human pro gress It is the belief of Mr. Morley, and it burns with ardor in every sentence which he devoted to the treatment of the subject, that the precursors and pioneers of the Revolution in France did a work second to none ever done in the world for its results in sweeping away tyranny and superstition, emancipating man kind from the chains of the past and pointing out to them the labors and the ideas of a greater and better future. And the reader must have a very unsympathetic soul, he must be one for whom the great beneficent movements of humanity have very little concern or in- terest, if his feelings, too, do not glow and stir as he reads of these soldiers of the forlorn hope in the battle of progress who, many of them, from squalid garrets, from rags, from poverty and hunger gave their best efforts in the truest spirit of self sacrifice to the destruction of a system of statecraft and priestcraft under which everything noble in the life of the nation was stifled and crushed and the masses of the people were perishing in hopeless misery. Especially is his recognition given to the man whom in his own day his contemporaries recog nised as the leader of tho movement, and whom posterity, after all sifting and rehearing and deduction made, has confirmed in this high place. " Voltairism," remarks our author," may stand for the name of the Renaissance of the 18th century, for that name takes in all the serious haltings and shortcomings of this strange movement, as well as all its terrible fire, swiftness, sincerity and strength. The rays from Voltaire's burning and far-shining spirit no sooner struck upon the genius of the time, sealed, dark and dead like the black stone of Memnon's statue, than the clang of the breaking chord was heard through Europe and men awoke in new day and more spacious air." And of the spirit he brought to bear upon his work we have the following : — Voltaire was ever in the front and centre of the fight. His life was not a mere chapter in a history of literature. He never counted truth a treasure to be discreetly hidden in a napkin. He made it a perpetual war-cry, and embla zoned it on a banner that was many a time rent, but was never out of the field. . . . There are things enough to be said of Voltaire's moral size, and no attempt is made in these pages to dissemble in how much he was con- demnable. It is at least certain that he hated tyranny, that he refused to lay up his hatred privately in his heart, and insisted on giving his abhorrence a voice, and tempering for his just rage a fine sword, very fatal to those who laid burdens too hard to be borne upon the con science and life of men, Voltaire's contempora ries felt this. They were stirred to the quick by the sight and sound and thorough directness of those ringing blows. The strange and sinister method of assault upon religion which we of a later day watch with wondering eyes, and which consists in wearing the shield and device of a faith and industriously shouting the cry of a church, the more effectually to reduce the faith to a vague futility and its outward ordering to a piece of ingeniously reticulated pretence — this method of attack might make even the champion 'of prevailing belief long for the shrewd threats, the flashing scorn, the relentless fire, ' the downright grapples with which the hated Voltaire pushed on his work of " crushing the Infamous." . . The battle was demoralised by its virulence. True ; but is this worse than to have it demoralised by cowardice of heart or understanding, when each controversial man-at-arms is eager to have it thought that he wears the colors of the other side, when the theologian would fain pass for rationalist, aud the freethinker for a person with his own orthodoxies, if you only knew them, and when philosophic candor and intelligence are supposed to have hit their final climax in the doctrine that everything is both true and false at the same time ? The strenuous life-long battle of Voltaire in the cause to which he had consecrated all his energies is brilliantly depicted in Mr. Morley's page, so richly laden with knowledge and fruits of research, so ornate and sonorous in their style, so imbued with all the crusading energy of their subject, and so sympathetic with every effort made and every honest blow de livered for the liberation of humanity. Their dominant scientific mode of thought would possibly make Mr. Morley's works seem hard and cold on their intellectual side were it not for the passionate sympathy for humanity which kindles their reasonings and arguments into life and fire. The same qualities are admirably dis played in the two volumes dedicated to the account of the life and labors of Diderot. They are models of diligent and thoroughgoing re search, and give in every page evidence how broadly and how profoundly their author had mastered at once the facts and outer conditions and also the intellectual and spiritual life of the time. A finely-touched portrait is given of the indomitable chief of the Encyclopedists, with his industry, his zeal, his heroism, his laborious life cheered only by the sunny, hopeful spirit of a genuinely manly nature, his geniality and generosity, and the careless laxity which was he amply redeemed by the noble ardor of his feeling and his work for the cause of human progress and enlightenment. In Rousseau, the dreamer and sentimental sophist of the intel lectual revolution which preceded the material one, Mr. Morley has not a subject so sympa thetic to himself as in the two other chiefs of the great army ; but he has treated it with equal power and judgment and historic impartiality. He at least never for a moment underrates the power of the man on the ground that he was a crack-brained visionary. Speaking of the time when Rousseau had to fly from persecution, our author says : " If any man called practical is tempted to despise this dreaming creature, as he fares in his chaise from stage to stage, let him remem ber that one making that journey through France less than 30 years later might have seen the castles of the great flaring in the destruction of a most righteous, vengeance, the great themselves fleeing ignobly from the land to which their selfishness and heedlessness and hatred of improvement had been a curse, while the legion of toilers, with eyes blinded by the oppression of ages,, were groping with pas sionate, uncertain hand for that divine some thing which they thought of a justice and right. And this was what Rousseau both partially foresaw and helped to prepare, while the common politicians like Choiseul or D'Aiguillon played' their poor game— tho elemental forces rising unseen into tempest aronud them." Other volumes include notices of Robespierre, Condorcet and the great Turgot, whose reforming labors, so suddenly terminated by the intrigues of u wanton and reckless queen and a base and corrupt court, might, had they been supported and continued with honesty and hope, have obviated the need of revolution. We have devoted so much attention to the part of the works of Mr. Morley dealing with the labors by which the French Revolution was pre pared for that we have left no space to do more than refer to the admirable essays on Mr. Mill, Mr. Carlyle, George Eliot, Byron, Macaulay and others given among his " Miscellanies" in these volumes. It was after Mr. Morley had, at any rate for the time, closed and completed his literary work, of which we have the result in these volumes, that he entered into the field of journalism as editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, In that post he displayed the same fine literary power and the same strenuous enthusiasm or the work of progress of which his literary life had given such proofs. Having there in a short time gained a second reputation and added the fame of a great journalist to that of a great writer, Mr. Morley exchauged the province of journalism for that of Parlia mentary politics. Since that time his doings have formed a part of tho history of his country His ability and energy and dclinito- ness of vision speedily carried turn to the very front ranks, and, to the nstonishment of middle- class Englishmen, Mr. Morley showed that it was possible for a great writer to attain a high place in political life without being either a pedant, an : academician, or an 'unpractical" dreamer. How ably and courageously' Mr. Morley fought the campaign for Home Rule side by side with Mr. Glad stone is known to all our readers. And it is worth remarking, as indicating how little influ ence opinions on matters outside human life have upon the formation of character or the shape or quality of a man's sense of duty within those limits, that in this great campaign, in which Mr. Gladstone, one of tho most religiously-minded men of his age, and Mr. Morley, a foremost representative of scientific freethought, stood and fought the battle side by side, they seemed to be sharers of precisely the same humane enthusiasm and to be animated by precisely the same noble, passlouate desire to apply their powers and energies and thoughts to the great cause of the social and political progress of mankind. In referring to the bourgeois Englishman's surprise and admiration at seeing Mr. Morley's prompt and masterly assumption of the work and position of a politician we do not desire to identify ourselves with that feeling without an important qualification. We could not without profound regret see Mr. Morley lose himself in the common ruck of politicians without retain ing the distinctive mark of some high qualities as the evidence and the resalt of the training of his life and literary labor. He would be not the less but the more "practical" even, and cer tainly tbe richer and the better in every other sense, if he was enabled to show in his work in the House of Commons the resales of the dis cipline through which ho has passed and the inspiration of that fine feeling of sympathetic enthusiasm for humankind by which his literary work is animated. - We do not believe that this finishing adornment and stimulus will ever be wanting, and confidently trust that Mr. Morley as a politician will be guided by the same hopes and the same aims as a contemporary writer who has said : 44 Prae-Newtonians knew not the wonders of which Newton was to find the key ; and so we, grown weary of waiting for the master intelligence who may effect the final combination of moral and social ideas needed for a new social era, may lie inclined to lend a half -complacent ear to the arid sophitters who assume that the last word of civilisation has been heard in existing arrangements. But we inny perhaps take courage from history to hope thati generations will come to whom our system of distributing among a few the privi leges and delights that are procured by the toil of the many will seem just as wasteful and morally hideous and as scientifically indefen sible as that older system which impoverished and depopulated empires in order that a despot or a caste might have no least wish ungratified for which the lives or the hard-won treasure of others could suffice." And our confidence in the views and tho purposes which will shnpc the character of Mr. Morley's work is strongly supported by the fact that the words sketching this high and inspiring prospect for the future are his own. 