A ilUKDEREB'S GHOST. All will remember Captain Richard Hill, who stabbed to death young Mountford, I he husband of the famous actress H rs Urace gtrdle, while he was held by Lord Moliun. Hili afterwards was concerned in two other tragedies aud then disappeared., Relics were afterwards found, which pointed to his hav in,r cnflHrfd a fate like that of the maiden in the song of tho ' Mistletoe Bough.' At the pUco where the relics were found 'appear- ances' have several times taken placo.' The latest is that rolatod by C. L. Languton, in the Argosy :— ' Wednesduy, March 26tl , 1884, a cold dark night wts tho time choseuj and I had no difficulty in entering wiihoi t observation the front room, about 1G leet equaro which in the good all coaching .lays was reserved for travellers, i was not quite alone; an old and fuithml dog beini; by my side. As I lay on the rug and air cuslilm which I had brought, softly and slowly, not to awaken the long keepers, each umJer a green coverlet l-i-luw, tlie old ciiuich clock tolled the hour ot miduight. Shortly atti-r ono o'clock, whou in thut pus»ivo Biulo be tween sleeping and wukii.g.'i wus startled by a low, prolonged growi from my do*. Dim y conscious of a faint, luminous centre, roa^oii foramouient associ.-teJ it wiiha'nigl,t-li. 1 1 ? in my own lOuiu ; then cumo ivfl^ti n, a d remembering wiiere'I was, 1 fell us in u nigh J maie,' tongue-tied from triyht. Almusi im mediately there came a sound whicu 1 iuun..t forget; beginning like the wintry \vi\d pus sing through tueswithered leaves of un oak, it ended in a serioa ol sho.t gutturul sound.) which might be taken for a mocking latigii. It is Baid that siidileu fear purulyzes the. aenEes,olerwise how could I gaze without horror at the scene beioro mo? iuere, with a kind of amber phosphorescence, revnulin'g the dutline, stood, or rather floated, the iiiiugu of a man. A long cloak of dark matoiiu, and rough, lurge boots were all thut appi-nrfli * of the figure : but tho face — ah, the futc even now comes back to me with terrible dis tinctness. The hiit had been closely en pped and the face was ghattiy pale, but a a.ieak, red as yermillion, gave a htdeons giotesquo ness'to the left cheek. The eyes, which weie large and luminous, followed me with what seemed beseeching earnestness; but what Was over the nioutu? Had Burke nnd Hare been anticipated in their fiendish practice? Had the murderer himself fallen a victim ? I now understand the canse of tne peculiar his ? fling sound I had heard,- and 1 shuddered. .-'Even then I thonght my senses were weaving .';-, Nange fancies in the brain ; but one glanoe | ?- -\y dog was sufficient. His eyes gleamed |^_ Ire, his body quivered with eiuption, and B^Ki-'a moan, half a cry, he crouched und ^pressed ^against me, fixedly staring as if » fascinated' by the spectre. Ho further con firmation was needed. With un impulse that was madness; with a daring begotten by the continudd co^oiousness that we are not stuff ua dreuina uru mude of ; I moved towards the apparition, aud actually touched with ouiupread hand the wall immediately behind it. But here cuniea tho amuziiiW faot.' I was yet conscious of passing through an impalpable prts nee. I'll.' shaip sound and the repulsion threw m- back, und then 1 aaw the spectre re-f-rui : but now i- seemed Btrangely agiiute.l. fasaiiii,' hither mid thither with restless eag rnoss, uu.i cuuiing a current of air as it luiiu.'i »n» i. visible wings ; und atill at intervals' the »'.?«'? havy «f,,,Min-,,i .-?breathing, moie aii,'.ii.|..v; na-i .m^nt i-lae. Atlengtu 1 .?...iiiu,. a - ul . , : '? r. you Captain Richard Li ?? ?' ; l'« r^^tiiiu); ceased and iho s^e iii- -i ?- .?...ui-ii -r, . ?? Ari youal rpst ; ami whu d jr-n w ,..-?' ill' features weru &'.r »(;? l.- - o t' , i.ml ;ln . eyes shone us i.i.l.-.. I' ti. : -..,U u low hi s, as of ii seppeni ditiiu.i'--l hi :?.- lui., wu^...:i the response. ?? ! le.-.r o ii. u unjem willyou 8|..ak?'' ' .v; ii ;?;. ?'?e iv lluiv . was plainly a eouvul.-ir . IV- 1 1 ; lne fuc seemed to 'cxpuml, u gu;:iin si.uud like » Stifled cry foiluwo.l. b-r i ? li ? linn- I suw a small hand, doiici.ie i^ tii.-i: -f - woman, -.- raised to thv ui'iuitj, ami ili.u 1 w»s alone. This' Xkiiew lit oiic't l-) tujr ling. He rose, ?hook himself, u'i-l car ciuil me, uk mui-h BB to say, 'Muster, ih.- daugiT is over.' I came away aa oub in W'uinitrliiud. 'lh« nd venture becume known. Punplu' yearn lo hear further p ii liuuluis, but 1 can only give with comment thiii sturtliug' narrative of facts. 