SPORTING NEWS. MEMOBANDA. BY “WARRIOR.” Beach says Hanlon is a gas-hag. He also says that Gaudaur is one of the finest men he has ever met in build, principle, and as an oars man. The champion further declares that, so far as he is concerned, the'ship must be taken from him on the Parramatta!' T . There it was won, ‘and as he has gone to the other end of the world to give- all-comers a show—a Buck* ley's show most of them had—and brought it back, it 'is only reasonable that future aspirants should have a . try; on the champion’s own water. Beach admits that Gaudaur rowed him to a com plete standstill, but in doing it he also* came to ,a*', ' anchor. In estimating the performance we must nol fail to remember that the champion was going off; while the other man was as fresh as a daisy. Beach's reception at Adelaide was of the very heartiest and enthusiastic description. This will be; da capo'd in Melbourne, and double da capo'd in Syd ney, with‘an additional two million horse power at tached to the enthusiasm, y One word more before Beach arrives. He his pulled straight and honorably for the acquafic premiership of the world. Now, having won and de fended it for Australia,-1 hope his life and hick will >e as long and as strong as his longest oar; and thit o'er, him no trouble heavier than his own graceiil! “feather” will come. * •: . ; * Sandhurst/ Well, 'pronounced quickly, that is ju-t about what it is—Sand-dust. These two ingredients when set in motion and kept going by contirinois whirlwinds,, assisted by Sol in furnace costume, are notfconducive to the pleasure of racing. Some peojle object to their beautiful city being decried , thus >y itinerant visitors, and they stick it into you tint Quartzopolis is not unfrequently taken for Paradhe. The; spirits which create such mistakes are certairly hot disembodied ones. Quartzopolis is a good namt. In the metropolis, when the sun is shining, and the dust fiend is doing a mash, “ pints” may be calculated to assuage the claims of a thirst which is occasionally irritating, but for that fierce and unintermittcut parchedness which strikes one under similar tbcriao* metric conditions at Bendigo, “quarts” or gallons will alone suffice. Oh all scores but that of the weather the meeting was successful . Once again the public beat the pencillers, : and beat' them badly. With a precision equal to thatof the time regulator* at Greenwich, the first or second favorites kept rolling* home. Half of the books went “bung” on the first day, then turned round as backers ;aud helped to “ bung” the other half. ■. ■, . *' The Hurdle Race, in which Braceman and EUerslie figured as dead-heaters, .was remarkable for.the splen did opportunity it gave two of our popular local riders to tl ; s day their very best horsemanship. In the race and i /the run-off both Fergusaon ana Corrigan rode with a. .lash and finish which took greatly with the crowd. ~ M'Uo.van, another of our local favorites, rode the Steeplechase winner, aud Tode as he always does— well. . . Middlemarch won the Cup, but I lam of opinion that hecould nothave won had Lesbia not fallen. It was thought that Gorry, the crack light-weight who had ' the mount on Lesbia, was killed when the maro came down, but happily such was hot the case. The lad was severely injured aboutthe head and back, but I am pleased to say he is progressing rapidly towards recovery. One of the gamest bits of riding I ever saw was executed ■in the .Steeplechase. Blue Bonnet, with Burrowes in the pigskin, came to prayers 'at one of the jumps nearlyopposite the stand, then rolled over, and cocked his four legs up in the air, the jockey still being attached. Suddenly the Blue Bonnet is righted, and the rider is found on top and off again after Curiosity, Roulette, and Cos. Bur/owes was cheered to the echo when he passed the stand, and on return ing to the scale the cheering was renewed. When it was discovered that he had ridden with his collar-bone broken theie was another aud-a great cheer giveuto Burrowes for his gameness, and a collection taken up for him by Harry Chiffney resulted in £4O being got iand presented to him within 10 minutes of dismount ing. : There is no blooming mistake about it, we who claiui the Union Jack as our flag do like a game’un. Straight Shot won the first race of the meeting, likewise the last, and if my memory senes me right, Umberto did so last year.. The first resurrection note.has just issued from the Bank-rapt—l mean as cricketers—Australian Eleven. They! boldly declare that they can beat the English Eleven. - : Backers are a bit sore, because they did not do so; when they met before. lam so thoroughly dis gusted with their childish conduct and utter deuioli tioii of esprit de coips , that, when they- do measure willows lhy little bit goes oh Old England. v Theatrical managers are driren to their wits' endih order, to make provision for thespectral proces sion” every Monday. It is rumored that the “ ghost” ha 9 been a bit- gouty -in* both legs at one of our theatres lately. * - ‘ *- • : It is satisfactory to learn that there willbe a big metropolitan contingent present at the Ballarat races.' J. T. will, as usual, I am told, arrange for a special.. 