On the inferiority of Pictures as a Image of Christ. Many there are who, not comprehending, not being affected with that Divine spiritual description of the Person of Christ which is given us by the Holy Ghost in the Scripture, do fain unto themselves false representations of Him by images and p'ctures, to to excite carnal and corrupt affections in their minds. By the help of their outward senses, they re flect on their imaginations the shape of a human body, cast into postures, and circum stances dolorous or triumphant, and so by the working of their fancy raise a commotion of mind in themselves which they suppose to be love unto Christ. But all these idols are teachers of lies. The true beauty and amiableness of the Person of Christ, which is the formal object and cause of Divine Love, is so far from being repre sented herein as the mind is wholly diverted from the contemplation of it. For . no more can be so pictured unto us, but what may belong unto a mere man and what is arbitrarily referred unto Christ, not by faith, but by corrupt imagination. The beauty of the Person of Christ as represented in the Scrip ture, consists in things invisible nnto the eyes of flesh — they are snch as no hand of man can represent or shadow. It is the eye of faith alone that can see this King in His beauty. What else can contemplate on the uncreated glories of His Divine nature ? Can the hand of man represent the union of His natures in the same person, wherein he iB peculiarly amiable ? What eye can discern the mutual communicatios of the properties of His different natures in the same person which depends thereon, whence it is that God laid down Mb life for us, and purchased His Church with His own blood. In these thingB 0 vain man, doth the loveliness of the person of Christ unto the souls of believers consist, and not in those strokes of art which fancy bath guided a skilful hand and pencil unto. And what eye of flesh can discern the inhabi tation of the Spirit in all fulness in the human nature ? Can His condescension, His lovo, His grace, His power, His compassion, His fitness and ability to save sinners, be de ciphered on a tablet or engraven on wood or stone ? However such . pictures .may be adorned, however beautified and enriched, . they are not that Christ which the Boul'of the spouse doth love.- — Dr. John Owen., 