I CHAPTER V.-THE DEAD MAN'S TESTIMONY. I ABOUT ten o'clock at night Hugo Luttrell woe seen entering the courtyard at the back of the house, where keepers, grooms, and in- door serrants were collected in a group, dis- cussing in low tcncB the events of the day. Seeing these persons, he Beemed inclined to go back Ey the way that be had come ; but the butler-an old Englishman who had been in the Luttrell family before Edward Luttrell ever thought of marrying a Scotch heiress and settling for the greater part of every year at Netfaerglen-this said butler, whose name was William Whale, caught sight of the young fellow and accosted him by name. "Mr. Hugo, sir, there's been many inquiries after you," he began ina lugubrious tone of voice. "After me. William?" Hugo looked frightened and uneasy. "What for?" "You won't have heard of the calamity that has come upon the house," said William, shaking his head solemnly ; "and it will bea great shock to you, no doubt, sir ; a terrible shock. Stand back, you men, there ; let Mr. Hugo pass. Come into the housekeeper's room, sir. There's a fire ia it ; the night has turned chilly. Go softly, if you please, sir." Hugo followed the old man without another question. He looked haggard and wearied ; bis clothes were wet, torn and soiled; his very hair was damp, and his boots were soaked and burst as though from a long day's tramp. Mrs. Shairp, the housekeeper, with [ whom he was a favourite, uttered a startled exclamation at his appearance. " Guid cuide us, sirs 1 and whaur hae ye been hidin* yoursel' a' this day an' nicht, Mr. Hugo ? We've haen sair trouble i' th' noose, and naebody kent your whaurabouts. Bairn 1 but ye're just droukit I Whaur hoe you hidden yoursel' then ?" " Hidden !" Hugo repeated, catching at one of the good woman's words and ignoring the others. "I've not hidden anywhere. I've been over the hills a bit-that's all. What is the matter?" He seated himself in the old woman's cushioned chair, and leaned forward to warm himself at the fire as he Bpoke, holding out first one hand and then the other to the leaping blaze. " How will I tell you ?" said Mrs. Shairp, relapsing into the tears ehe bad been shedding for the laut two hours or more. "Is it Eossible that ye've heard naething ava ? The lird-Netherglcn himsel'-oor maister-and i have you beard naething aboot him as you oam doun by the muir? I'd hae thocht I shame to let you gang hame unkeat, if I had been Jenny Burns at the lodge." " 1 did not come tnat way," ema nogo j impatiently. " What is the matter with the I laird ?" " Maitter ?-maitter wi' the laird? The liard's died, laddie, and a gude freend was he i to me and mine, and to your ain sol' forbye, and the hale kintra Bide will be at the buryin'," said the housekeeper, shaking her head solemnly. "Aa' if that werena enow for my poor mistress there's a waur thing to follow. The laird's fa'en by his ain brother's han's. Mr. Brian shot bim this verra nicht, as they cam' thro' the wud." " By mistake, Mrs. Shairp. by mistake," murmured William Whale. But Hugo lifted bis haggard face, which looked very pale io the glow of the firelight. "You can't mean what you are saying," be said, in a hoarse, unnatural voice. " Richard 7 Richard-dmd I Oh, it must be impossible I" "True, sir, as gospel," said Mrs. Shairp, touched by the ring of pain that oame into the young man's voice as he spoke. " At half Îisst eight, by the clock, they brought the aird hame stiff and stark, cauld as a stone «'ready. The mistress is clean daft wi' sorrow ; an' I doot but Mr. Brian will hae a aair time o't wi' her and the bonny young teddy that's left ahent." Hugo dropped his face into his hands and did not answer. A shudder ran through his frame more than once. Mrs. Shairp thought that he waa shedding tears, and motioned to William Whale, who had been standing near the door with a napkin over his arm, to leave the room. William retired, shutting the door softly behind him. Presently Hugo spoke. " Tell me about it," he said. And Mrs. Shairp was only too happy to pour iuto his ears the whole story as Bhe had learned it from the keeper who had come upon the scene just after the firing of the fatal shot. He listened almost in silence, but did not uncover his face. "And his mother ?" he asked at length. Mrs. Shairp could say little about the laird's mother. It was Dr. Muir who hod told her the truth, she said, and the whole bouse had heard her cry out as if she had been struck. Then Miss Vivian had gone to ber, and had received the news from Mrs. Luttrell's own lips. They had gone together I to look at Richard's face, and then Miss Vivian had fainted, and had been carried into Mrs. Luttrell's own room, where sbo was to spend the night. So much Mrs. Shairp knew, and nothing more. " And where is Brian ?" " Whaur should he be ?" demanded the old woman, with some asperity. " Whaur but in's ain room, (¡air cast doun for the ill be bas dune." "It was not his fault," said Hugo quickly. "Maybe no," replied Mrs. Shairp, with reserve. "Maybe ay, maybe no ; it's just the question-though I wadna like to think that the lad meaut to harm his brother." ] " Who does think eu ?" "I'm no saying that anybody thinks sae. 1 Mr. Brian wa* aye a kind hearted lad an' a bonny, but never a lucky ano, sae lang as I hae kent him, which will be twenty year's gane at Marti'mas. I cam' at the term." Hugo scarcely listened to her. He rose up with a strange, soared took upon his face, and walked unsteadily out of thc room, without a word of thanks to Mrs. Shairp for her com. munications. lîcfore she had recovered from her astonishment, kc was far down the corridor on his way to the other portion of the house. In which room had they laid Richard Luttrell? Hugo remembered with a shiver that he had not atkeil. He glanced round the j hall with a thrill of nervous apprehension. ' The drawing mom and dining-room doors stood open ; ti .ey were in darkness. The little morning room door was also slightly ajar, but a dim light seemed to be burning inside. It must be ia that room, Hugo decided, that Richard Luttrell lay. Should he po in ? No, he dare not. He could not ] look upon Richard Luttrell's dead face. And yet he hesitated, drawn by a carious fascina- j tion towards that half-open door. I While he waited the door waa slowly «pened from the inside, and a band appeared clasping the edge of the door. A horrible fancy seized Hugo that Eichard had risen from his bed and was coming out into the hall; that Richard's fingers were bent round the edge of the open door. He longed to fly, but his knees trembled; he could not more. He stood rooted to the spot with unreasoning terror, until the door opened still more widely, and the person who had been standing in the room came out. It was no ghostly Richard, sallying forth to upbraid Hugo for his misdeeds. It was Brian Luttrell who turned hie pale face towards the boy as he passed through the hall. Hugo cowered before him. He sank down on the lower steps of the wide staircase and hid his face in his hands. Brian, who had been passing him by without remark, seemed suddenly to recollect himself, and stopped short before hie cousin. The lad's shrinking attitude touched him with pity. " You are right to come back," be said, in a voice which, although abstracted, was strangely calm. "He told you to leave the bouse for ever, did he not ? But I think that -now-he would rather that you stayed. He told me that I might do tor you what I chose." The lad's head was bent still lower. He did not say a word. " So," said Brian, leaning against thc great oak bannisters as if he were utterly exhausted by fatigue, " so-if you stay-you will only be doing-what perhaps he wishes now. You need not be afraid." " You are the master-now," murmured Hugo (rom between his fingers. It was the last speech that Brian would have expected to hear from his cousin's lips. It cut bim to the heart. " Don't say so 1" he cried in a stifled voice. "Good God 1 to think that I-I- should funfit by my brother's death I" And Hugo, ifting up his head, saw that the young man's frame was shaken by shuddering horror from head to foot. " I shall never be master here," he said. Hugo raised bis bead with a look of wonder. Brian's feelings was quite incomprehensible to him. "He was always a good brother to me," Brian went on in a shaken voice, more to himself than to bis cousin, "and a kind friend to you so long as yon kept straight and did sot disgrace UB by your .conduct. You had no right to complain whatever he might do or say to you. You ought to mourn for him-you ought to regret him bitterly bitterly-while I-I-'' " Do not you mourn for bim then ?" said Hugo, when thc pause that followed Brian's speech had become insupportable to him. " If I were only in his place I should be happy," said Brian passionately. Then he turned upon Hugo with something like fierce- ness, but it was the fierceness of a prolonged ind half-suppressed agony of pain. " Do you feel nothing ? Do you oome into his house, knowing that he is dead, and have not a word of sorrow for your own behaviour to him while he lived ? Come with me and look at Kim-look at his face and remember what he lid for you when you were a boy-what he bas done for you during the last eight years." He seized Hugo by the arm and compelled bim to rise ; but the lad, with a face blanched by terror, absolutely refused to move from the spot. " Not to-night-I can't-I can't I" he said, bis dark eyes dilating, and his very Hps turning white with fear. " To-morrow, Brian -not to-night." But Brian briefly answered, " Come," and tightened his grasp on the lad's arm. And äugo, though trembling like an aspen leaf, yielded to that iron pressure, and fallowed bim to tbe room where lay ail that was mortal Di Richard Luttrell. Once inside the door, Brian dropped his cousin's arm, and seemed to forget his presence. He slowly removed the covering from the dead face and placed a candle so that the light fell upon it. Then he walked to the foot of the table, which served the purpose of a bier, and looked long and earnestly at the marble features, so changed, so passionless, and calm in the repose of death ! Terrible, indeed, was the sight to one who had sincerely loved Richard Luttrell -the strong man, full of lusty health and vigour, desirous of life, fortunate in the possession of all that makes life worth living, only a few short hours betöre; now silent, motionless for ever, struck down in the hey- day of youth and strength, and by a brother's hand ! Brian had but spoken the trnth when he Baid that he would gladly change his own fate for that of his brother Richard. He for- got Hugo and the reason for which he had Drought him to that room, tie forgot every- thing except bis own unavailing sorrow, his Inextinguishable regret. Hugo remained where his cousin had left bim, leaning against the wall, seemingly incabable of speech or motion, overcome by a superstitious terror oi death, whioh Brian was as far from suspecting as of comprehending. En the utter silence of the house they could hear the distant stable-clock strike eleven. The wind was rising, and blew in fitful guBts, rustling the branches of the trees, and causing i loose rose-branch to tap carelessly against the window panes. It sounded like the knoc¿ of someone anxious to come in. The candles lickered and guttered in the draught; the H avering light caBt strange shadows over the lead man's face. You might have thought that his features moved from time to time ; that now he frowned at the intruders, and low he smiled at them-a terrible, ghastly smile. There was a footstep at the door. It was Mrs. Luttrell who came gliding in with her pale face, and ber long black robes, to take ber place at her dead son's side. She had thought that she must come and assure her- self once more that he was really gone from ber. She meant to look at him for a little while, to kiss his cold forehead, and then to ;o back to Angela and try to sleep. She jook no notice of Brian, nor of Hugo ; she Irew a chair close to the long table upon which the still, white form was stretched, seated herself, and looked steadfastly at the incovercd face. Brian started at the sight of lis mother ; he glanced at her pleadingly, aa f he would have spoken ; but the rigidity of 1er face repelled him. He hung his head and turned a little from ber, SB thought to steal ¡.way. Suddenly a terrible voice rang through the room. " Look !" cried the mother, pointing nith one ringer to the lifeless form, and raising her eyes for the first time to Brian's face-" look there !" Brian looked, and flinched from the sight be saw. For a strange thing had happened. Although not actually unusual, it bad never before come within the experience of any oí these watchers of the dead, and thus it suggested to them nothing but the old superstition which in old times caused a supposed murderer to be brought face to face with thc man he was accused of having killed. A drop of blood was trickling from the nostril of the dead man, and losiug itself in the thick, bUck moustache upon his upper lip. Il was fnllowed by another or two, and then it stayed. Tlie mother did not speak again. Her band Bank ; her eyes were rivetted upon Brian'! face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he kuew well enough in his anbei sennes that the phenomenon they had jual Been wns merely caused by the breaking ol some small blood-vessel in the brain, such ai often occurs after death, was so far dominated by the impression of the moment that hi walked out of the room, not daring to justifj himself in his mother's eyes, not darinq t< raise his bead. After him crept Hugo, whoBi teeth chattered as though he were suffering from au ague ; but Briuu took no more notio of his cuiisin. He went straight to his owl room ami tocked himself in, to bear his lonel; Borrow as best be might. A formal inquiry was made into the cana of Richard Luttrell's death. Archie Grant' testimony completely exonerated Brian, eve: of carelessness, and the general opinion wa that no positive blame could be attached t anybody for the sad occurrence, and that Mt Brian Luttrell had the full sympathy am respect of all who knew bim and had Jcnown his lamented brother, Richard Luttrell of Netherglen. So the matter ended. But idle tongues still wagged, and wise beads «ere shaken over tue circumstances attending Richard Luttrell's .death. It waa partly Mrs, Luttrell's fault. In th» first hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bitterly of the share which Brian had had in causing Richard's death. She had spoken to Doctor Muir, to Angela, tb Mrs. Shairp-a few words only to each, but enough to show in what direction her thoughts «vere tending, With the first two her words were sacred, but Mrs. Shairp, though kindly enough, was not so trustworthy. Before the good woman realised what she was doing, the whole household, nay, the whole country side, had learned that Mrs. Luttrell believed her second son to have fired that fatal shot with the intention of killing, or at least of maiming, his brother Richard. The Grants, who bad spent the day of the accident at Netherglen, were, of course, eagerly questioned by inquisitive acquaint- ances. The girls were ready enough to chatter. They confided to their intimate friends in mysterious whispers that the brothers had certainly not been on good terms ; they had glowered at one another, and caught each other up and been positively rude to each other ; and they would not go out together ; aud poor Mr. Luttrell looked so. worried, so unlike himself I Then the brothers were interrogated, but proved less easy to "draw." Archie flew into a rage at the notion of sinister intentions on Brian's part. Donald looked "dour," and flatly refused to discues the subject. Bat bis' refusal iras thought vaBtly suspicious by the. many wiseacres who knew the business of everybody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During the days before the funeral Brian / saw almost no one. He lived shut up in bia ' own room, as his mother did in hers, and hod interviews only with bis lawyer and men who ' came on business. It was a sad and melan- choly house in those days. Angela was invisible : whether it was she or Mrs. Luttrell [ who was ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandered about the lonely rooms, or shat himself up after the fashion of the others . I members of the family, and looked like a ghost. After the first two days, Angela's i only near relation, her brother Rupert, was ? present in tho house ; but his society seemed ' not to be very acceptable to Hugo, and, finding that he was of no use, even to his sister. Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the house seemed quieter than it had been before. The funeral took place at last. When it was over, Brian came home, said farewell to the guests, had a long interview with Mr. Colquhoun, the solicitor, and then seated himself in the study with the air of a man who was resolved to take up the hurdeu of his duties in a befitting spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm ; be seemed aged by ten years since his brother's death. He dined with Hugo, Mr. Colquhoun and Dr. Muir, and exerted himself to talk of current topics with courtesy and interest. But his weary face, bis saddened eyes, and the long pauses that occurred between his intervals ot speech, produced a depressing effect upon his guests. Hugo was no more cheerful that his cousin. He watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet seemed afraid to meet his eye. His silence and depression were so marked that the doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colquhoun. " I did not think that Mr. Hugo would take his cousin's death so much to heart," he said. "Do you think he doest" asked Mr. Colquhoun drily. " I don't believe he's got a heart, the young scamp. I found him my- self in the wood, examining the bark of a tree near which the accident took place, yon know, on the morning after Richard's death, as cool as a cucumber. 'I was trying to make out how it happened,' he said to me, when I came up. * Brian must have shot very straight.' I told him to go home and mind his own business." "Do you think what they say about Brian's intentions had any foundation t" asked the doctor. " Not a bit. Brian's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. She's as hard as flint. Itv a bad look out for Brian. He's a ruined man." " Not from a pecuniary point of view. The property goes to him." "Yes, but he hasn't the strength to put up with the slights and the scandal whioh will go with it. He has the pluck, but not the physique. It's men like him that go out of their minds, or commit suicide, or die of heart-break-which you doctors call by some other name, of course-when the world's against them. He'll never stand it. Mark my words-Brian Luttrell won't be to the fore this time next year." " Where will he be, Colquhoun? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains, He won't do anything rash." " He'll be in his grave," said the lawyer gloomily. " He ll be enjoying himself in the metro- polis," said the doctor. " He'll have a fine house and a pretty wife, and he'll laugh in our faces if we faint at your prophecies, Colquhoun. I should have had no respeot at all for Brian Luttrell if he threw away his own life because be had accidentally taken that of another man." " We shall see," said the lawyer. {To be ConUntud.) 