€,QXXt8$fmbma. CONSERVATION OF WATER AND IRRIGATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The reward of quietness is, doubtless, peace. But for all that I have not sought to play the role of peace-atany- price. At the time of my candidature I pledged myself to support a policy of water conservation, and to this line of action I have ever since adhered. In the beginning of last year I pointed out the absurdity and reckless folly of spending from half a million to a million pounds on the Barossa water scheme until we had shown that the executive powers had learned to turn to profitable account the water and manure avail able at the Sewage Farm, as well as the vast amount of water allowed to run to waste in the south-east. At the same time, I allowed it might be useful to make an experiment on a limited scale somewhere on the banks of the River Murray. In one sense it might be satisfactory to me to know that it is proposed to carry out all three of the lines I have above indicated, but I presume the country desires that they should be executed in such a manner that the net income from the works should be equal to the interest of the outlay. Towards the close of the last session — fortified in my own views by the result of twenty- five years' experience in equally water less portions of South Africa, as related by Dr. Brown, five years Government Botanist of Cape Colony, and by Mr. Aylward, of the Transvaal — I strove to induce the Government to unite with the farmers in making reservoirs, large and small, within easy range of every settlement hi the colony not already supplied with water. But since the now-become famous, grand, and comprehensive policy of borrowing money has been embarked in no Govern ment ever thinks of doing anything on the small scale, the ancient Scottish maxim that many 'mickles mak a muckle' seem to be an idea of the past; 10,000 reservoirs at from £1,000 to £100 a piece, distributed all over 'the country where water is wanted, are not to be thought of compared with £500,000 on the Barossa scheme, to supply water where enough for man and beast is springing from the foot of the hills everywhere, while in many other places settlers are in constant dread of water famine. The Beetaloo Bcheme I voted for because, as I understood it, there was great suffering for want of water ; and this I would relieve in preference to supplying wtfter where it was at present near at hand. But I feared the expense. Our engineers are brought up in a school where, from time out of mind, they have been paid by a commission on the outlay; hence, as the late Mr. Failie, the railway engi neer, alleged, costly construction became the type. Yesterday or to-day it was stated in the papers that £25,000 worth of Port land cement is to be or has been contracted for, on the free- trade principle of getting the cheapest article, from Germany. Now, I do not recollect from Mr. Deakin's report that in the Western American States they use Port land or any other cement at all. In South Africa I am sure they do not ; they would not construct their works at the price they do if such were the case. This then is a specimen of the way in which we are to be dealt with for the hundredth time. I see from Sir. Goyder's report at Millicent that a rough and taxable mode of irrigation has been set about there by putting a dam in the wrong place. Aware of the utter waste of public money that has been going on here for years, and having the f ul filling of my pledge to assist to the best of my power in a widespread utilitarian water conser vation adapted to our climate and require ments, I have for more than a year past been endeavoring to ascertain the qualifications — that he might be retained in this colony— of an American gentleman with more than seven years' practical experience of irrigation in the Western States of America. So far as lean learn we might get as good economic results from this gentleman as Victoria has obtained from all the expensive expedition of Mr. JDeakin and the labors of Mr. Culcheth com bined, seeing the latter gentleman's experience was gained in that field of cheap labor, India, while the American expert worked for seven years where the rate of labor is as high as in this colony. I requested the Government to allow this gentleman to accompany the ex pedition to the Murray on Tuesday last that he might see the position of the country, and if thought desirable he might supply his views as to the way in which the water might bs most readily and cheaply distributed when raised over the farm land about Morgan. He would, I believe, have accompanied the Go vernment without cost to them, and would likely have given his practical opinion for a comparatively small charge, or if re tained by the Government none at all. But when one saw from the news papers the disconnected proceedings of the party, so happily hit off by the Lantern, one ceases to wonder why it was desirable no intelligent foreigner should be present on the occasion. I regret as much as anything that in this connection I should have to criticise a public officer who appears to be so zealous in the service as Mr. Jones, the conservator of water. This conservation is_ now approaching the distributing phase. It is not so much the raising of the water at the Murray so many feet high as it is distributing it with as little waste as possible over the greatest number of acres of land, which I was told a few days ago by an acknowledged authority in this colony requires far the greater practical skilL Tins statement is confirmed by the smallness of the results obtained from the water at the Sewage Farm and from the inefficiency of the irrigation hitherto attempted in the south-east. There is also that scheme of distribution more im portant for the moment, viz., the making of smaller reservoirs at say from £100 to £1,030 each all over the colony. That Mr. Jones has had no practical experience in these aspects of the work is no fault of his — he has had the more expensive and heavy long distance wells, tanks, and borings to construct, and doubtless he would be very glad to have the services of an assistant so long accustomed to the work. I note in to-day's paper that at the Silverton mines men have just arrived who were sent for from America to put the proprietors in the way of smelting the ores. Here we have a skilled American expert on our shores that our Government do not think it worth while to employ. The other day, as a specimen of official management, I was told that to prepare some Government produce for the market an amateur was appointed who had to receive his first lesson in the art from a friend. I did not hear whether the article was for home or foreign consumption. As to the retrenchment so remorselessly going on, it is well known I utterly detest and abhor it ; it is bad in prin ciple, 'injurious in its effects on the colony and on individuals ; no one desires more than myself that no man should be paid more than he fairly earns, but a Government that poEsessed the ghost of statesmanship would never with an unlimited amount of borrowing power in case the loan is spent on remunera tive works, with a vast extent of improvable territory, shut up shop and send its people to other countries after paying £15 to £20 a head to bring some of them here. But on the other hand it would send its officers all over the country to concert measures for water con servation, search for minerals, and other works. It was well pointed out the other day that there was no registered museum of mineial specimens, showing where found, with such particulars as would enable experts to judge in what direction they Bhould direct their steps with the best prospect of making dis coveries. I hare long ago promised to aid the Government with any influence my constituents may have entrusted me with rather than to impede them in the least. But when I have with a vast amount of painstaking, as I be* lieve, discovered a party able and willing by bis experience to confer a great benefit on the country, and whose engagement would open the way for the profitable employment of thou sands of workmen, to have all the trouble I have taken treated with stolid indifference, if not .with contempt, will not conduce to peace on my part. I appeal from the Ministry to the king — the people. If I have made a single statement that can be proved to be incorrect, I am de sirous tbat it should be challenged, and if disproved, then as a natural consequence I ac knowledge my icifitake.— I am, &c.;, ? G. W. COTTON. January 19, 1886. 