SPOBTIKft TOPICS. Br the "Sportsman" Staff. On account of tlis holidays the entries for the Elsternwi'.'k Park Meeting on loth January are extended till Wednes day next. The programme prepared is of the usual attractive nature. During the race for the V.A.T.C. Malvern Handicap, on Boxing Day, Da- moclea, the winner, split his bceL Harvester, who ia engaged in both the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, to be run on New Year's Day, won the Ladies' Bracelet at the Winchelsea Races on Boxing Day, Marque being second. The races were graced with the presence of the Governor and Lady Loch, they being the guests of Mrs. Austin. Idalia, who was somewhat of a disappointment on metropolitan conrsea, won the Disposal Stakes, and only realised £21 at auction. On Boxing Day the A.J.C. Summer Meeting took place, -end was a great success from both a numerical and racing noint of ..law p.. w.ra the red p. .j . - trom uim; uui season nr. 1. Liamona had the bad luck to run third with Blair gowrie, who, however, had a penalty, Kingsgrove splitting the latter and the winner. I nique, after Boatman ran off, and Whalebone fell at the last obstacle in the Hurdle Race, had an easy win. Signor was made a pot of for the Selling Plate, but he tailed to appreciate his backers' attention, end did not gain a place, the winner turning np in an un backed borae named Murrorundi. The finish for the principal event of the day, tbe Sommer Oup, was no less a surprise than that of the previous event for Dagobert, who went out at tbe nice price of 10 to 1, sailed home en easy winner, Myall Ring gaining second honours, and Kitawa third position. Had the latter rrnt vi nrno if vnnm itarA haAn rattiAr a strange coincidence that the winner of the V.A.T.C. and A.J.C. Summer Cups were both sired by the New Ze&lander;, Manuka. Mr. M. Fennelly'e filly, Per- fome, a daughter of Newminster, went oat at even money for the Nursery Han dicap, and she won by tbe best part of a length from Exbank and Orenge Blos som. Yellow Jacket who had the assis tance of Hales, was made favourite for the A.J.C. Handicap, but The Wreck proved victorious after a good race with Bavensworth, the Hon. John Eales' Emerald being third. Ocx Caulfield coirespondent writes : — Of the horse, in training here engaged on New Year's Dsy at Flemington I like The Ghost for the Standish Plate, Foulabam's heat for the Normanby, which I think will be Glentwortb. Goodwood mast haves show in the Hurdle with 9at21b. The Bagot Plate, Silvermine aod Camxrine, the first for ohoioe. In tbe Steeple 11 three condidates are in capital buckle, — viz, Lizette, Good wood, and Lady Ash- ton — but 1 think their weight will tell s tale, and would select Contingent or Curiosity. The Wave should run wall in the Criterion Stakes. The Caulfield division were in great form on Boxing Day. While the firet three races fall to local trainers — viz., Reid, Jones. andFoul- sham — other local trainers were doing good busineae in different parte of the country; to wit, Besoe won the Evelyn Handicap with First Pop, ' carrying 9it., at Yarn Flats ; the Maiden Plate with Gildy at. Winchelspa. Moran landed the doable at Warrnambool with King of the Wekt, and' Connolly she Bsirnsdsle Handicap with Eugenie. P. T. Heywood liasQuandary, Gardenia, Whalebone, and Gilderoydowo, and will remain until after the New Year's Meeting. Oadlsnd has changed himds, but will remain in his old quarters. For continuation of Sporting Topiot, tie Paget. bvobtxho topics, Continued from page L) Titx Victorian Cricketers' Association met last night at Young and Jaduon'e Hotel ; Mr. Pleasanoe, a vice-president, in she chair. Mr. H. M- Gooah, hon. treaenrer of the E.M.C.O. , was appointed manager, and Mr. Steele Scorer, for the team to be selected to plav in the return intercolonial match to be played in Sydney on Friday, 22nd January, and following days. The usual sum of £250 wae voted for the expenses of the teem, who will leave this metropolis for 8ydney on the Friday previous to the commencement of the match. ,Mr, Heather, secretary, reported that the takings lor the first day of the preient intercololonial match with New South Wales were £226, and for the eeoond day £186. The ques tion as to whether, the patronage of the Association should be granted -to the English Eleven proposed to he brought out next season by tho M.C.C. waS_ left over until next meeting. That business came forward in co> sequence of a communica tion from Major Wardill, who stated the M.O.C. bad applied thus early as Shaw, Lillywbite,' and Shrewsbury had arranged with the Sydney Cricketing 'Association to bring ont a mixed team during tboearoe season. Mr. Goach gave notioe of hie intention to move at the next meeting that " in all matches played under the auspices of the Victorian Cricket Association each over ehsll consist of six tolls, instead of four balls, as at preeeDt." Mr. Budd gave notic6 that at the next meeting he would move en amend ment regarding the rule- as to leg before wicket. Messrs. Greig, Goocli, Steele, Barlow, Scott, and the office bearers were appointed as a reception committee for the ensuing visit of the South Australian players. The patronage of tbe Association was granted to the match fixed for the 4th of March and following days between Shaw, Lillywbite, ami Shrewsbury's teem and the Victorian Eleven. AN important np-eountry meeting re quires attention on 'Wednesday next, on which date entries close for the handicaps in connection with the two days meeting of the Atarat Turf Cltih on the 2nd and 3rd February. The Ararat Cup has 100 sove. added, the Hnrdle Race and Settlers' Purse 50 eovs. added, and the other events are subsidised by the dub ina like liberal manner. Tax general entries - and acceptances in cntinectirm with tho Tarrangower races en New Year's Day close to-night with the secretary, Mr. F. W. Prideaux. JIooi-.noi'XA accep'encee and general entries ere due to-innrrow at 9 p.m. at Sullivan's Hotel, Mooroopna. Tjie meet ing takes place on New Year'a Dty. Entries close on Tuesday night next for all liandicupi to be run at the Sum mer Heeling of the Deniliquin Jockey Club, on the 26th January. The Auni- ver-ary Handicap has 50 eovs. added by the .club. tbe nominations for two important events fall due on Wednesday next. On that d»te entries close for the next New market Handicap and Australian Cop. The conditions in each case are the Batne as last year. Toe programme of the Lauuceaton races to be ran on the 16th and 17th Feb; ruary next appears in thfB week's Sfobts- mas. The Cap lies 266 eovs. added, the Hnrdle Race 100 sove., the Two-Year- Old Stakes 80 eovs., and the Steeplechase and T.T.C. Handicap .100 sova. each', while the atakea in toe other events are very reepeotable. Entries close on Mon day next for the Two- Year-Old Stakes, Cup, Handicap, and Steeplechase, and may be made at the Y-RC. office. . NorwirHSTAKDnra all hie weight. Nel son romped home in the Auckland Cup, run on Boxing Day. Waitarl wae second and Clogs third. The first and second horsee were respectively the first and second .favourites, the eon of King Cole being haokfd for. a pot of money. -The distance, two miles and b quarter, : was run in 4min. 3Jsec. Nelson, with 9et, 81b., gave Waitari two atone all bul A pound. ffctM was in' good form on Monday. He pulled off both of the two-year- old races at the A.J.C. meeting, the Grist bn Aberoorn, and toe second oh Perfume. we remind ..owners hnd trainers that the forfeit of 2'sovs. each lor nominations for the Norinanhy Stakes must be declared and paid before 11 a.m. on Fndav next, or they wilt beheld liable fur the balance of tbe sweepstake, 10 eovs. each. : The programme „of toe Lsndsborough annur l tn" ting, which will take place on the .7t': January, , i appears elaewhere. The prif :ial -event is tbe Laudeborough Handicap of 20 eovs. ' A Boy named William Andersoh, 15 years of age, was. kilted whilst riding in the Hack-Rape at -toe Yackandandah races on .Monday, ;.Xhe homeholted ofi flin r>niirin flitflF -1)6 3)&d; 0OBA > fiknnf. din a .hsmijrod. yards, and rau ApdereU agairirt a tree.' The lad'a brad and Ichest ..were tembly injnred, and beenljr l|jeg;i%n moments. Hie father Is an oia'.residBnt .of tbe"dutri4L.,-,.-ir.--i. .- , V . -. r.T.". , .!«>'' Tin white istket and block zleovetr of toe Hpp.W. A. Gong wae.aiagnlattenni- Inpky at the A iJ.C, meeting sin Monday. ,1-n.toe December Blokes. Moorbohae third, and in the - Selling Plate. Lord Cochrane filled second pleoe. ' Exfaank conld get no nearer' tlian .ar-oond' in th- Nnreery Handicap, and Yellow Jacket, who started, first, favourite in toe A J .C. Handicap, did not gain a situation. By -toe Bucephalus, which arrived ' at Port Melbourne on Friday nightweckfroih Calcutta, wbaoce she bad been with a; number of horeee, -Denny CaileJian, toe well-known steeptotBaae rider,'' -returned: JExacUytoreemontbe and eight days have elapsed since thetiuie of leaving Mel- boumo uufid ibe7return, during which time Mr- Bridnck hoe shipped hia hones and disposed of them: The Government of -India booght'toi Whole shipment for remounts; but " Teddy" Weeks, who arrived Bhortlveftarw|nd, Oallsnsn told <ne, was not BoToYfouafi, ys, to the time of leaving, |he ' Bajah" hjto Wy t'W.a I few' ol Ma horses. . pallMMij who was fn charge of Mr. Bpldock's ehrpqjent, vraa fortopete enough to bave p very email ' lofea on the passage- " The Chiltera Racing Club will bold their next meeting pn Wednesday, Sua March. Jambs -Gordon, a licenced ttreel porter, of Dundee, left toot town recently to travel, to London with a two- wheeled barrow. He' hoe been ont of work for a considerable time, and he hit npon this expedient with the view of raising some funds if possible. Hie de parture wee witnessed by a large numher of poisons, and before setting out he pre sented a book and bad it stamped at the poet-office. He is to go by way of Perth, Bridge of Allen, Stirling, Edinburgh, Dunbar, Berwick, Newcastle, and York, keeping-toe East Coast til) be reaches London, a distance by the roots he in tends following of 1014 miles. He hope to accomplish the distance In sixty days, and to be able to do this be will have to cover a distance of about seventeen miles a day. Gordon is not to travel on Sun days, expects to get his food free at houses on the way, and he carries a book which he . will ask to be stamped at the various pu8t-offices as he passes along. St. Gatien beat Melton without an effort for the Jockey ClubCup on Friday, and I have little doubt (writes " Rapier" in the Sporting and Dramatic Se'bt) that Eurasian could have heaen Melton also ; but I hav- not seen in print the true account- of the race. Tlie f>ct is that Melton was not sober. It rite thought that h« hail shown some lack of oomage lately — a not unnatural, result of running a horse with over lOst. on hie back — and it was determined to give him some whisky before the race. When Tom Cannon was about to get up, the whisky bottle was produced , and Ihe remark made toatit was well mixed with water, "The jockey wants some as well as the home," Cannon aaid chaffingly, but he took a sip and found it very strong. Before Melton had gone half a-mile In the race Cannon nays that the borse was quite drunk — the excitement and exertion had, I suppose, made tb spirit act — and a hack could have beaten him.' I do not suppose for a moment that Melton would have beaten St. Gatien under any circumstances In a race over toe Cetarewitch c urse, bat toe colt would hsvd made a better show if lie had been sober. The annnal race meeting of toe Corowa Club is to be held on the 23rd March next, and they here Issued an attractive programme for that date. The Corowa Handicap has 50 sova. added, and the Ftying Stakes, Lsdiea' Plate, and Cham pagne Stakes 25 sove. eech added. 