MRS. LEAVITTS MISSION. Yesterday, Mrs. Leavitt, the eminent lecturess, commenced her. eight days' mis sion in Launceston by delivering three ad dresses in the Mechanics' Institute. There was only a. moderate attendance in the morning, but in the evening the hall was well filled. During the past-two years the public of. Launceston have heard several temperance: advocates, but without wishing for one' moment to depreciate their efforts, it seemed to us that there was too much sentiment thrown into their services. There was an unhealthy excitement, re sembling that created at revival meetings -people were carried away for the time only by momentary impulse. If such were the transient emotions awakened by these reformers, there would seem to be no such defect in Mrs. Leavitt'r, addresses, which were argumentative, practical, and full of vigorous thought. Her illustrations were to the point, and most forcible. Mrs. Leavitt has a somewhat ascetic appearance, and there are lines in her face indicative of former suffering. Plainly, yet becomingly, attired in black, there was apparent a dignity of carriage betokening an educated and well-balanced mind. The morning meeting opened with prayer, after which several hymns were sung, and passages of the Bible read. Mrs. Leavitt then commenced her discourse on "The body the temple of the Holy Ghost," which was chiefly based on the 19th verse of 16th chapter of the let Corinthians. Mrs. Leavitt opened by re marking that the human body, being the temple of the Lord, we should keep it clean and pure. The evil effects of alcohol upon' the body were then dilated upon, which she asserted 'were not confined to the excessive drinker himself, but were transmitted as a herit age of sin to his offspring. A striking comparison was drawn' between the man whose body was, as far as external appear ances went, clean and pure, but whose system was disorganised, whose blood was poisoned, and whose brain was clouded, with the hard-working labourer- who, outwardly unclean with dirty hands, face, and body, yet whose system was in its full integrity, whose brainwaselear, and whose blood was p ure. The last-named could re move the diet and purify his body in a few moments, but the disease in the former could not be eradicated possibly for many years. The lecturess, in referring to the advantages of abstinence, stated that the children of abstainers were more healthy, more cheerful, more courageous, and lived longer than- those of parents who drank intoxicants. Strong drink was, affirmed to be the right hand of Satan, and she did not think it was possible for God to 'dwell in a temple which was contaminated and defiled by drink. Mrs. Lcavltt wont on to say that God intended every person sent into the world should live 70 years; and it was because of neglecting the body, or through' hereditary disease, that it passed awayprematurely. As an illustration of this, Mrs. Lejviht treniarced diat the children ,qf .Quakers and- Puritans lIi:ed longert.han other children, because their parents had alsays been. total atbstiners. $ins of ignorance anoibst human bodijq were dilated upon, and the necessity for people to keep every part of their..body in health by habits calculated to maintain this. As eiamples of strong health the names of 1foody rind other eminent Chris tian teachers were referred to. As showing the value of abstinence an insurance table was quoted, which gave total abstainers an 'average life of 62"4, while non-abstainers were set down at 3516. Hence, said the lecturess, a young man at twenty years of age who is a total abstainer may look for ward to a very probable forty years of life, while the non-abstainer of a similar age can only anticipate fifteen years. Speaking of the evil effects of alcohol, reference was made to the fact that milk or any other non-alcoholic takes time before it makes its way into the blood, but that alcohol rushes almost imuiediately to the brain. This was accounted for by the theory that alcohol hasa ari affiiity for water, and that the brain conitaiiis much water, and the pgssage of the alcohol dries up the nerve tissues. The afternoon meeting was for ladies only. In the evening " God in Governmuent" was the theme of the lecturess, her re marks being principally founded on Isaiah, th elhapter, and 6th verse, "' For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given, and the government shall be upon his shoulders; and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, the mighty God, the everlasting Father!" Mrs. Leavitt said that the time was coming when Governmecnts would be under the control of Christian churches. Although it was remarked that many ministers decline to take part in the election of representatives on the plea that they were citizens of the Heavenly Land, she contended that next to saving souls the worlkof aiding in the govern ment of the world was the noblest of aims, and a work every Christian should engage in. Mrs. Leavitt drew a realistic picture of the good, that might be done inl free countries such as Great Britain, Americti, and the colonies, where nearly every man could have a share in the government if all stood firm and appointed only Christian men to represent theim in the Senate. As an example of the influence that imight be bIrouglst to bear upon Government, .the lecturess stated that theire were 6,000,000 voters in the United Stltes of America who had recorded theirnaumes as Christians, and what a great deal of good could be done if they stood together and elected to their Congress only God-fearing men; and in these colonies nearly every man had a voice in the Government. . They had noble men in their Legislature, but had they not men who ought not to be there-evil uen--men whose private lives and deeds were a shame to look into? Some people said that God had left the government of this earth to Satan, but this idea came from Satan himself, who was the father of lies. A comparison was then drawn between England of 4100 years ugh and the mighty empire now in existence under her rule. At the period referred tb England was of no consequence to other nations, but now no nation dared to stir without aseertaining wlhether England was agreeable. She maintained that God allowed this, because, although there were blots in English government, England wsas governing more in accordance with Ilis wiU than any other nation, except perhaps America. Every law on the English Statute Book was traced to the ten com mandments, and a powerful appeal was made that Sunday observance should be added to the statutes. Other evils should be legislated for, such as games of chance, racing, lotteries, fortune telling, and the liquor traffic, all of which should be swept away as demoralising, and denounced ts being worse than theft, especially the last named,which did more harm than thieving. It took away health and strength, clouded the mind, and ultimately destroyed both body and soul. She stated that ton out of every eleven murders committed in America had been traced to the liquor traffic. Other figures were given showing the dreadful effects of the liquor traffic in producing crime, insanity, and poverty. Dreadful pictures were drawn of fathers, kind and affectionate to their families in the morning, going out and returning intoxicated to kill and injure those who in the earlier period of the day they would have protected with their lives; those, however, being the very ones at a later assaulted and injured by their parents. Mrs. Leavitt concluded a powerfuladdress by a prayer that Christian mothers might for the future animate Christian people in their choice of representatives in Parlia ment. A collection was taken up at each service, and a small but efficient choir rendered sacred selections of music. Th'lis evening MIrs. Leavitt will deliver an address in the Wesleyan Church, Patter son-street, at which the 1ev. Canon' Brownrigg will preside. 