WESLBTAN METHODIST CHUfiOH. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. The Wesleyan Methodists celebrated their Jubilee in the Pirie-Efcreet Church on Tuesday night. The congregation was a very largo one, every seat being occupied. The Bervice commenced with a hymn, 'Blow ye the trumpet, bloyr,' the congregation taking part with the choir. The Kev. J. Bickfora then engaged in prayer, after which the choir per formed the sanctus from Gounod's Service— ' Holy, holy, holy Lord God of Sabaoth, heaven and earth are full of Thy glory: Hosauna in the highest.' The SorTptore lessons, taken from Leviticus xxv. and Isaiah lxi., were read by the JEtev. J. Y, Simp son, Secretary of tha Conference. These vrere followed by a hymn, and then tho Rev. C. Lane, President of the Con ferenco, delivered the sermon, taking as his text Ieaiah lxi. 1 and 2— 'The spirit of the Lord God is upon me, becauBe the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidingB unto the meek ; He hath sent me to bind up the broken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to 'the captives, and the opening' of tha prison to them that aro bound ; to proclaim the ac ceptable year of the Lord, and the day of vengeance of our God ; to comfort all that mourn.' The Prophet Isaiah had chosen the celebration of the jubilee to symbolize the com ing of our Lord, when to the sinner in]bondage would be proclaimed liberty, and the prison doors opened to those who were held captive py sin. They had met that night to cele brate their acceptable time of jabilee. He believed that one of the objects set promi nently before them at that time was the. spiritual elevation of the people, and he knew of no better mode of helping to promote that end than by realizing their obbgationa and following His glorious example. If they could but catch tho spirit of the Lord— if they could but realize their obligation to Him at this time— itwascertain that they should learn to suitably appreciate the hallowed season of jubilee time. And as to their obligations to Christ they had only to look into the text to acknowledge them, for had He not borne ' the day of vengeance of our God ?' In the revised edition of the Bible He was made to B-»y 'Hy redemption,' and out of the day of redemption comes the Bound of joy and triumph, for had there been no redemption there had been no opening of the prison doors. nor any acceptable year of the Lord proclaimed for their salvation. The joyful sound of the jubilee, therefore, was connected with re* demption, and in order to assist them to a correct conception of their intimate associa tion the preacher explained the imposing ceremonial of the Jewish Jubilee, which under the old dispensation was connected with atonement. That rite was the crowning feature of the celebration, which was per formed on the tenth and last day, the most important of its continuance. On that great day the trumpet of the Jubilee was sounded, after the sacrifice of the High Priest had been accepted and the answer flashed back in the affirmative on hiB breastplate. That was the signal for the sounding of the Jubilee, and immediately the trumpet blast was heard echoing over hill and dale, carry ing joy unspeakable to the nearte of them that were bound. The preacher pictured the case of a man thus* liberated who had been compelled, perhaps, to hire himself into loyal slavery for the sup port of his household— how, aB the day of atonement gradually approached, anxiety lengthened the narrowing interval. The last day had arrived, but the bud will surely sot rise. At length day breaks, and he watches for the note of the trumpet, but its tardy blast will surely never reach his strain ing ears. At last the trumpet is sounded, but it is almost' too good to be true. And when he realizes his liberty how joy fully does he speed on his way to the loved ; ones at , home. The jubilee was one of the greatest of the social institu tions of the' world, and it was to ' this noblest of institutions that the prophet com pared the liberty which Christ came to con fer on the eons of man— deliverance from the dominion of sin, the j?loriouB liberty of the sons of God. Christ gave to Hia disciples the command to be ready to give forth the note of jubilee, 'Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.' Shortly after the crucifixion of our Loid, Peter blew that trumpet blast with good effect, and the very next day he and John went up to the temple, proclaimed the glorious gospel for the release of the captives, and 500 Bouls were forthwith converted. Philip took up that trumpet and went with it into Samaria, and when they heard it it ia said there was joy in the city; and in the same way Paul took it and went into Rome. Later on Martin Luther unearthed it, and that waa a glorious note Bounded by him. After that the trumpet was sounded in every direction, and by-and-by its note reached these shores. Could we number those who had already paesed away to sing the songs of Jesus and the Lamb? We should be a peculiar people indeed if we did not realize our exalted privileges and let our hearts rejoice at the establishment of our Church in this land. And just as the man who first heard the Jubilee cote was inoreduloua, so the sinner awakened to the. condition of his thraldom is sometimes' slow to believe. that the favour and love of God are for him. If there was Buch a one amongst the congrega tion he prayed that whatever else might ba realized that man or woman might find the way to the Cross of Christ. The jubilee note . was Bounded in the words — 'Behold the ? Lamb of God which taketh away the . sins of the world 1' The preaoher exhorted his congregation to look for nothing in this life save for perfect love ; not for perfect joy, for tribulation would Burely come ; nor for absolute peace, for though we might have the peace of God we might have tribulation also. Perfect love, as Wesley put it, 'What is it but humble, gentle, patient love?' and that not always with joyfulneBs ; for joy was uncertain, and was not therefore essential to our # salvation. Mr. Lane concluded in the following words : — ' Here I pause to remark that we nave not that special promise that Christ made to his disciples when he said, 'Ye Bhall receive the Holy Ghost not many days hence ;' bat we have the general one, thank God—1 1 will pour out my spirit upon all flesh.' The promise is to you and to your children, and all ; those that are afar off. Have we not a right to that promise 1 ' Whatsoever ye shall ask * the Father in my name He will do it' :Eejrt';:v upon that promise. When we have finished '-? our jubilee song on earth, and passed through : ~ the last sorrow— when the last trace of- the. f old Adam is taken away for ever, then, as we look back to the day of HiB redemp tion and our redemption— as we look npto-. Him the Anointed for the purpose not only of our redemption but eternal salvation too, ; then we shall take up the jabilee anthem anew and sing unto Him who loved us and made us sons of God, to whom be .glory .and dominion for ever and ever. May -3od give us a glorious Jubilee season- by pouring out upon us more abundantly the ? Holy Ghost.' The choral part of the Bervice t was very well carried out. Mr. Chinner had evidently been at considerable pains with his . choir, whose rendering oE Gounod's graceful ' Sanctuo'-' with its pretty staccato'movement ; and ? the organist's anthem, specially- com-. posed for, this service, ' Awake, put on thy, strength,' calk for special commendation. The j lady who undertook the opening. solo hafl a. tweet, though not powerful, ^voice.^ She sang carefully and correctly in spite- of-' 'slight- symptoms of nervousnesB. Mr.. Chmner.'s anthem, which followed- the. sermon,, deserves more than a :pBkSsuig^ - notice. I* is a welcome andjworthy addi tion to our list of local compositions, ana 'as,. Emch should fiud feyour. with- other ? Church choirs. It opens- with &\- recit. for first and second bass- voices.. ?An 'allegro' choruB in three-four, time.' I 'Awake, awake, put on. thy strength,, O Zion,'' follows, and is both, graceful and . original in conception,, and undoubtedly the;. : ;baBt number of the wo?k. The soprano- solo,, ' How beautiful upoa the Mountains'.' i» per-. - ? haps wanting in individuality. After,' a Bhort chorus en the same theme, the anthem cJoEea with a bold' ? fugual chorus, ' For the Lor&shall; reign for.-1 ? : ever and ever,' which servea as a fittingolose- ? ;to a decidedly telling composition. Tae«,.r ;? opening recit, was.a.fittls marred by tha.;,., i indecision of ons of the bass voices, but with. i this exception the performance reflected; ? i great credit on the choir. Mr. Cbinner-ablyy' ' accompanied i-is own composition. The last. : } ; number rras. a hynm written by Mr. 6.J;f; Thinner and Eet to. music by Mr. W.. Bi Chinner. . ' ' ' The eenzice closed with the besediction.; ESCAP2 FEOM THE ST0CEADE.-rr3h0rti!r before 3 o'clock on. Tuesday evening; & prisoner named John llcl\\!amara was missed. ? from the Yatala Labour Prison. The njan, , , who does odd jobs in the garden, &c.;, had- ' acted in rathsr an eccentric manner duriBg the ? ' f afternoon, and Tras evidently noi in hia right ?' mind, Directiy he was missed search waa made, and he \yas found on the road leading ,. to the cchool on the Prison Beserve.. Only ? about ten minntea elapEed from the time he . was missed till he vras retaken. MoNamara, ? ? ' ? who i3 about 27 years of age, is serving a : sentence for larceny. - ?' 1 ?i-i Port Coepoeatiox Excursion,— At th» ?? invitation of the Directors of the ,UuJs . Steamshh) Company, the Mayor and several Councillors of the Port Corporation went m. ' theB,8.Maitlandto Port Vincent on Taes^ 3 ay. The sea was not as calm as raight have been decired, and Eeveralof tha party.. ?prere affected with mal- de-mer. Port Ywcent . 'was reached shortly before 1 0 clock, when - dinner was partaken of and several toaste were honoured. A few hours were spenVm ,.'.? fishing, and a good number oi fair-sized ash ;v were caught. The Port waa reached; shortly,., , after 9 o'clock, and before di£per.fine three^,.. hearty cheers were given for Q^ptam Qg$ * ' ' 