SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. Br BAVAKa With one consent we are blessing the im briferoos winds—be they Aoster, Fa von ins, Earns, Africas, or any othere yoa like. We began the week with fog, but soon thero came a gentle drizzle reminding one of London about November. The streets were deliriously sloppy, the wood pavements were greasy and treacherous, especially to horses. It was a question whether the aldermen wonld not have to enlist a little army of sandboys to sprinkle them with sand, which fortunately is not dear about Sydney. On Fri day thedrizzlebecamea little more condensed, and it might be said to have rained occasion ally on that day. There was no room, how ever, for doubt as evening came on, and on Saturday a south-west wind hurried up some splendid showers. Meanwhile it had been raining pretty cheerily in the country districts. South-west and north all reported good rain, and Mr. Russell's weather map in the Herald showed each morning en-increase of the ever welcome rain discs. Will itgive a generous impulse tothe grass roots and the seeds so long in abeyance underground, or has it come too lata ? Tbatis aquestion which is very seriously, very wistfully debased in every gronp of talkers 'one happens to drop among The Sneral impression is that in many districts e rain has oottte too late to secure a pros perous lambing Hie mothers, it is said, are thin and weak, and, what with wet and cold, there will be much yielding up of innocent ghosts in the back country. So far, the rain fall seems to have been heaviest in the Liver-; pool Plains district On Friday night a hurried message was telegraphed by the municipal authorities at Narrsbri to the Colonial Secretary to send four boats up im mediately, some 200 people being cut off by a rapid rising of the riven Anxiety about the dibly short time oosted all anxiety on the acore of n winter drought, all fear that even dome*tic water would have to be brought by train. If ever was the transition from drought io tioffi mOM rwnarkable. However. tbe boats were sent atones by sperialixain from New r astir, which had not run far before a oollisioo with a goods train, near Allgndalg, brought it to « stand still. [The reports from Jiarnbri exaggerated tho rainfall, and hosts *^2toriS^^ti*al^hs» O^te converted •omeof nswhowmagbi tbjat/be:f aapst havebeunf ' \- oar varionsaod proclaim that the " pared ail reasassh&e; peccS? fee . Soida ise s~i He. Lvssxhe ris J>-oierowii • . HoresEUii^ c-iliia.cs.rra b.?;ctsa ss o: a vtsy crsnnoa spedsin ci tee o-ivcc.ss.: f&iks;^iej. ilr. Xysaxht a few ruefcte.&P;~ tn: ierlsrei, is a sofema ani sc'S-Toss v-iee. tba: hi- ccai'.: be a fneKEtisr vise be bfaeu ir. i a p^Kicac-ast rke be bkei—be csjm _ ice 2c<iwij"i opirXo, sni naie bis poLtxst. ereei ice himself. is takes & loe c sitae foe s re naves frees Xt. LyssghLe Kxss to the feesi^bere ci fcis ire; a. ilaviec two; less tsi tec heaiifiass, he was os this OEessXa ii-Je to tcooccnoiaCe two creeds,' tti he delivered Lirnssif s«ec- diiidy- f"o fonsMteir, be i»:ssesse ®'r cstTsse.cJbs wise bis name might be expected to tprear ; in loth lefkre' bits. Mr. Lysaght, however, ; is & typical roan. He bsi :®£S w the diss of; ' safe pfeprf, who are always boss' to be I "sosni upon the pocse.* Is there. a crsⅈ querCm bothering as and dividing pubic opinion—ail rcbt. tt-ey, take beta sides of it, pecertiy proclaiming ; one side ssd ieiei the ether; tn i when cceses to the voce, sad th-:re appears to be , no escape, broo.-d thev hare become sud denly the r.rnms « urgent business. which eus tie.— soafvbfie" else. 1 wish Mr. Stuart Cumberland wocld operate on Mr. Lyssgkt, and lay bare Lis real tbcxrbte oes any esvyecL s&y;, tor extatp'e. on payment of atenvhas or the -2 A rrfecta dories La; this , is rather tLscarsive. 1 Tbe Usirersi:j Comm e mora; ion ox S&rsrdsy; . oil aoi produce so great a master as it gene-j rally does. The Governor. bowerex. and Lady \ Carrington travel the weather, and people ' who were present at the festival ceil me teat ■ liis Kxceilency delivered himself of a par- j tienl&rij; eloquent and sympathetic speech, j , The '"Charivariof the uader-gradoates was j of the usoai character—perhaps a little more ! obtrasire. Among the graduates was Hiss j Russell, daughter of the Government as-' ; trocomer. whose family, far the way, seem to i . have rather more than their fair share of intellectual aptitude. The lady took a first •, in classics and a second in mathematics. The j ' chancellor's address was somewhat shorter j i than usual; but the unhappy gentleman was ; ; obliged to submit to chronic interruptions j i from the gownsmen, cone ot which had the merit of being either fanny or aprons. 1 The Royal Birthday week just past was ! more festive than any i can call to mind j which has been celebrated this side of the equator Powder and flags, a review, and ; racing at Rand wick carried us cheerfully | into Monday afternoon, and in the evening I two commemorative banquets, one at i Government-house, the other at Admiralty bouse, the former, of course, more mag . nificently attended than the latter, landed us 1 well into the night, and prepared us for the lev4* and splendid ball at Admiralty-house astonishing preparations had been made for tbis, which were to be the business for Tues day. The Government- bouse dinner brought together a goodly bevy of statesmen, officials, militaries, Supreme Court judges, a few! Legislative councillors, the new Governor of Caljedonia and his private secretary, the Lieu- j tenant-governor, the primate, and the mayor. Nobody could say it was not a representative and entbnsiastic gathering. Admiral Tryon's dinner party was chiefly a naval officers' affair. This Itvtt was not so numerously patronised (if that is a proper word} as the Governor's first fevie, out there was no room to complain of' any symptoms of dwindling loyalty, for nearly every class of society and every public body was represented. The City of Sydney Im provement Board was certainly an excep tion ; add, as it is composed of some neither very sparkling nor highly-presentable crea tures, its absence was a subject of general re gret However, its secretary sent an official apology to the Governor, in which the as surance of its firm and unswerving loyalty to the throne was expressed with much fervour. The letter was duly acknowledged, and will, of courae. be forwarded to General Popsonby, so that Her Majesty on entering her eixty eighth year may not be under any misappre hension as to the sentiments which possess this distinguished and very influential public body. As some Victorians, however, may not be exactly informed of the position held in this city by the City Improvement Board, I may mention that its inaction is to pull people's houses down about their ears when ever some functionary reports them to be a little oat of the perpendicular, or otherwise out of shape, and eo teach the unhappy citizen that what the immortal Grummer told Mr. Pickwick, via, that it was gammon to suppose an Englishman's house to be his castle, is true also in the city of Sydney. If, therefore, the Victorians, to inform whom 1 am now energising, will be so good as to believe me when 1 tell them that our City Improvement Board is a board of Grum mers, paid by fees, with the special mission of convincing every owner and occupier ot an uasymmetrical house that thai house. so far from being his castle, is an edifice brought into existence for them to condemn, they, the aforesaid Victorians, will have an exact idea ot the queer little conclave who have just advertised the reason why they were absent from the levee. Nevertheless, the levee went off remarkably welL The public bodies did not cannon against one another. People with enlr^e cards did not collide with the public bodies The lieges without such cords did their homage quickly and without un necessary friction, Quong Tart was not hustled by a big booby in a volunteer uniform this time, nobody was in a perspiration as far as 1 could form an opinion, and the whole affair was over in capital time. On the whole, I think the 1880 leoie was run in shorter time than any other 1 can remember for years, except those rather oppressively thin assemblages which used to do homage to Lord Augustus, who (by the way) certainly did deserve better treatment They were vice-regal Small and Earlies; and as such could not be compared with die Carring tonian gatherings. The admiral's ball on Tues day night is, by universal consent, the festi vest sweetest thing of the week. ■ Everybody who was there still talks of. it as a triumph. Still mote eo do those neglected loyalists who were not invited. Our club dancer figured among these last, but he consoles himself by reading over and over again a description of the scene given by one of the weeklies. It begins, "Dancing was kept up with spirit," ana then overflows in regulation gush very much watered down. The non-dancing Shwdypto boast that tbey possess a man who cap dmce wlthohtspirits, or any other etimu lants j and on Tuesday next they hope to be abletb prove it, provided always a proper apology is received for the strange omission oFwhfchtfaeii - their dancing man was the victim. Mr. Stuart Cumberland has succeeded in at tracting the attention of out notables) but be ademstodothatgenerally whereverhegoea. His afencee—I suppose that is the proper dctignia Jure been thetLems of much controversy. Moat people pooh poobi and do exactly what titer did years mo when table turning and spirit rapping were ih vogue, that isjfco ssy.tbey jBnd some excuse: for' going •nd seeing what is to be seen, v*«lch in the oreaent seems to be a «5!s mis c: aS.u: fir' \ qt::e w.:boct ni:sg:v;rr^ engaged "I ssr, a a hairpin cc some other borrowed ixteck vh;.-h Lis been *:o»=^ »™J with scpR&xw; rare am.n;: the aaiieoce, or JTif CCicil £0026 1 ^T-^----.- ■} 0{ Lctnsn.ty has fcrm ssked to Husk oi. Tikis is the swjxc of the eotert*in tpest, 1st why it ehoaid be dtgniked with the j name c: thought-reading is * problem to | rttr.r However. as kiiV'S and queens have j bKuJea tbeuiselves by watching Mr. Stuart; Cumberland hattune hairpins sua tunning j watches to earth, we ought to be very grate-; izl to him. I supfy^se, tor his exhibition, but, ; speaking i.r tuyseii, the 'ips at the Lxhibi- j Ejoo-i-aiiding, htiring, oi coarse, a goodPunch ; IcVi.! » illIMaII»T i tug; *•• ~ - ~ . » . , and J udy stow, seem tar pretersnse in the way t o: Jtuzlinz to Mr. Cumberland. lits last: ' «eui-of at the new Masonic-ball wnsneverthe-; ■ less very successful, not ocir as a display oi. I his own dexterity in looking it the thinking ! : apparatus working coder the so oils of some ■ very tough customers, but sdsj in developing I sosae |r»i by-plsy, or perhaps horse play ' woskl be a more applicable term. On this occasion among the platform people were , the medical adviser to the Government, j the Commissioner for Railways, the sergeant-st-arms, and Mr. hlattery. .titer the , nuaibsr of a certain bunk note thought cf by Mr. Goodcfcap—a six-tgure number. too— had been enecessiuHy detected by Mr. Cum berland, and s number of other experitnents j Ks t h»»n performed, tending to show that , i the performer would be invaluable as a ; female detective, the "murder * business! came on. Sir. Harnett, naturally enough, ; figured ss the murderer, and Mr. blaitep ;.a > solicitor) ss naturally became the robber j —Mr. Cumberland miking a good point by asking whether he coaui not think of himself on the occasion as a " professional robber, " and go through his part with the ease of one who is iimitiiir with it. Bui tije murderer's victim did not take kindly to his r&V;, for when Mr. Harnett began to lay hands on him he etruggicd violently, and murderer and victim fell on the door. Finally, Mr. : Harnett had to give bint up as a bad: job, after getting a rather bad Lit from : ; bis fist. With another vict:m, how-, ever, the sergeant was more suxeastuL : | These impromptu tragedies aid frime day! involve Mr. Cumberland's collaborators in an ; I action for assaud and battery. Tficy make j | a very life-like setting tor the thought-reading ! ; detective, but are open to the objection I j i have indicated. They say that this gentle- j I man is ambitious of gaining a seat iu the! j llouse of Commons. I hope his ambition \ ! may be gratified. He would be a very useful j ; member of Parliament if be could read the thoughts of some of the Cabinet Ministers or | Under Secretaries who answer questions put; to them with no more truthfulness or candour,' i I fear, than our own, j I Parliament having on Thursday last '20th i May} passed the Tariff itesolutions oi the | Colonial Treasurer by 47 to 3d, had a short sitting on Friday, and on the following Tuesday passed a temporary Supply Bill of a million and a half, which was the biggest ever submitted. Alter that, Sir John Robert son and Sir Henry Paikes, feeling rather chilly, began warming one another. Sir John began the tronble. He generally does. Sir Henry gave him en opening by criticising the Government measure. Thereupon down came Sir John, and charged him with all the cardinal vices that a politician could be guilty of, and in particularly " winged words." It was a most awful castigalion Barely, but Sir Henry listened to it all with exemplary patience, and is considered to have given Sir John quite as good as he sent. " The scolding of the hon. member," ex claimed Sir Henry, " is as the scolding of an old lady whose only remaining strength is in ber tongue" 'Then a rejoinder from Sir John. And after that the atmosphere seemed to dear up a little Certainly it was a tre mendous " magging match " (as certain old school boys would say) while it lasted, and ninch it seemed to tickle the audience. On Wednesday there was Mr. Abbott's call of the House to consider how £300 a year could be gngn&ged; to reimburse hon. mem bers for their " services in Parliament others, how that little business could be scotched. It was a very successful roll call, for 103 members said "AtUutn," and several others dropped in during the evening. A fur the roll had been called by the clerk assistant, enter Mr. Wisdom, Q.C., the mem ber for Morpeth, with that well-known look about the eyes which bctokeu6 mischief brew ing. Up at the end of the table he took his position, and then out tumbled all the taunts, the angry denunciations, the challenges, the withering words that a master ot invective could relieve himself of during an exercise of some 20 minutes. The mod/of all this was that the call was a "perfect farce," which nothing had justified or could justify, that nobody need have attended, and that the Speaker had no power to punish a disobe dient member; that he himself had had bait a mind to absent himself, just to see if the Speaker would dare to put into force the standing orders, about obeying calls, and aboitt other kinds oi misconduct which standing orders (he stakedhis professional reputation on it) were entirely vttru vires. Altogeiher, as prettily-studied on effort to fetch the t&peaker; as anyone could have thought Mr. Wisdom capable of. But the bpeaker was not to be fetched; be re fused to give an opinion as to the legality ot u«u w give an opinion as to the legality Vl this particular standing order. That was for the House, with which also lay the reaponsi. bility, in case he should enforce it which if nJ5 arose» he certainly should not shrink from. So Mr. Wisdom took 3"W* b* his interpellation, and the debate was resumed, and lasted „n*1 EftJ the morSK1 d£ ing that cruel tutting about three rirw*n speeches were made, all about eouafln of merit Mr. Abbott', wasthV whtentljr the most stud^T hPES h£ speech did not justify the call of the lfo„»!f Everything about paymcnrof membSTn Hie way oi argument, whether for or aSLt h^heen worn so utterly threadbare Xt he would be a man of tare gifts who invent a new thing to say on a But the Wmentata?y.7ito as a friend of mine persists in caliine them' Ore root-hog-or-die parTdid u«e roor-nog-or-oie party, did not want 7« £ue,Btl0R- S«estion r they cried put as each fr«h sn^KrTP' /h,e' indulgence of the fie filor a m®?.^* to explain bis reason^ for ™ hS'J make provision on the Eetimattwfor tlf/L ment of members of the AasemSv i1^." moved, one firing the paymentlt^MQ^ year, and the other that the nTfocLfc a ment should be embodied fn a bili 2.^' applicable only to future Parlia«»nil applicable only to future Parliament came an explanation by the SS1 ^5° courseintended to be taken bv ih» n tbe ment four members of whomwP« ii3?*?"1 igSdshera. >fttrw^foW£r |^ng. ®^p°«|«0a Alter him hfo aS1 fwtfc ■ both itronirer and innr.* « atter. Mr. Fletcher in 80011 oppositioa ith atronge until the small hoars came, sod with them the inevitable atmosphere of fog which en velope all iegtelative processes after midnght. Out of that tog there was ho escape. Talk, sleep, retirements to the smoking and re. fresument rooms, nothing could lift it And the reealt was that, after a ruling of the chairman had been overrated by the Speaker, the committee divided at half-past 3 in the morning on the amended resolution, and car ried it by 41 to 29. The amendment merely tveked on some words to the original resolu tion, affirming that the provision on the Esti mates was only to be made after Parliamentary sanction to the payment had been obtained.a result which far surpasses any effort made by Dogberry and his officers. Perhaps, how ever, there is something exceptional about payment of members which requires that it should be put both in an appropriation act and in a special act, too. Mr. Heydoa will now, 1 suppose, have to frame and introduce a bill authorising the payment of members, and such a bill, if applicable to the present Parliament, has smalt prospect of passing, even in the Assembly. For my own part, as 1 bare already confessed, I am in favour of giving our M. P.'e £600, or even £800 a year, when their number has been reduced by about one-half, and the constituencies are given a chance of nicking men deserving of I ihat salary. Bat, then, I would relieve them I all of those gold railway and tramway pisses ! now suspended on their Parliamentary watch j chains. ! 