I~nt.enia \-- - An actor who crosses the ocean the first time does not enjoy his new roll. In a certain sense, we are all peers and nobles. Did not each of us begin life as a bare-un? The "Vagabond" says "ghosts never ap. pear to me." Perhaps not, but how about spirits? ? Let us trust that Mr. Bull will not find King. Theebaw, of Burmah, a "white' ele. phant" on his hands. "Gossiping," says an exchange, "in some Spersons is nothing less than a disease." A kind of rumor-tism, we suppose. " \Well," said an Irish attorney, "if it plaze the court, if I am wrong, in this, I have another point that is equ.ally conclusive." A firm advertises ' Bicycle protectors." What is chiefly wanted in this city is some. thing to protect the public from bicycles. Customer-" These necktics don't seem quite up to the marke." Shopman (with wounded dignity)-" Sir, I never wear any others I" Lady--"I want half a pound of ham." Butcher--" WYill madame nave it in one piece 1" Lady--"No; please cut it as thin as possible-we have visitors." An eminent astronomersays "it would take ten years to photograph the heavens." Gracious I Pretty nearly as long as it takes to photograph the baby. (Scene, Gunsler's; time, hot-wind day.) Gent. (to friend on opposite side of table) "I say, I want something to lay the dust; send the wine carte round." The Argus indulged in a half column giggle of satisfaction over its discovery of the fact that the British soldier was still brave. Who ever doubted it 1 Now is the season when the members of our scratch dramatic companies that " take the road" should notice wuother the same is in good repair-for walking back. iA diffuse driveller inlorms the readers of the Herald that the expression '" all men are equal" is a " famous dictim of the American constitution." Is it ? Since when 1 The word "masher" has become a little shop-worn. How will it do to substitute gomtneux, which is French for the same cattle, and has a sort of luemtum sound ? Journalism is looking up. \We read car. fully through three long accounts of the recent bush fires and didn't see one allusion to the "dread destroyer" or the "destroying element." A health journal advises-" Do not lie on the left side." This is avery proper admoni tion. If you are obliged to lie, be careful and lie on the right side. You will find it more prolitable. A planic-stricken contemporary prints an article entitled, '" How to 1sotinguish Small* pox." But no one wants todistinguish small. pox. What the public want to know is how to extinguishit. We understand that a suburban publican is going to name his hotel "The Office," so that when his married customers go home late and are asked where they have been all the evening, they can have a plausible answer ready. Here is a conundrum which took the first prize at an entertainment at St. George's Hallsome time ago:-When can aman be said to be the possessor of a vegetable time piecel \VWhen he gets up at eight o'clock, (When he gets a otato clock.) When a collector goes up to a man and says, "Ah, I happened to be around and thought I'd just preseut tiiis little bill," it txaspicatcs him awfully to have the man say, "b hI indted, brilliant idea, just call aroundl Monday anld 1'11 tell you when tocall again." (At least, so we're told.) A well-riioain Melbourne carriage builder received the followsing letter, the other day, from the wife of one of the wealthy lower orders:--"Sir, my husband is a comin' with me to your shopb to-morror to by a noo carrldge. Now nle wiants a brooch or a lander, but do you say you ain't got none, cos I want him to buy me a pony phantom." A little girl up-country lately died through drinking a cupfil of whisky. St was proved that the liquor was bad, and, since the ceourrence, many tipstrers have become alarmed, iand sworn all drinking anything sirt water-and gin. A scientist says the earth's surface is slowly uhanging, and what isa valley to-day may be a mountain a million years hence. A man vho contemplates erecting a residence in the valley should remember this, and be prepared to lind his house on the top of a high moun tain in the year I,00l,S5. A daily paper asas the electors of the various constituencies to look over the records of their candidates, and return only "good sound men." No, we say, dout do it. We ace had in the past far too many represen tatives of that sort. In fact, the majority were sound men; all sound and no sense. In his latter days, Macklin, from the languor of age, found that he could not call up the violence of passion necessary to give Shylock with due impetuosity ; and it is said that when on the point of rushing on the stage he used to call to the prompter, "Kick my shins ! kick my shins I" hoping that the physical pain would supply what was want ing. This is quite characteristic of Macklin, It is a thing people do not like to say, you know, but really Tommy Horan should give way to some younger mau now, as it is evi dent he is altogether out of form. He has had a good time of it and done splendid work; and if he takes our advice he will retire from the cricket field before he blots his past reputation by doing indifferent work. "If Darwin is right, what then!" is a question lately discussed by the Rev. G. \Valters. Why, we suppose that those of our tribe at present caged in the Zoological Gardens should be released and allowed equal liberty to lecture, or stand for Parlisa. ment, or join the police force, or, in fact, engage in any pursuit at present monopo lised by their lighter colored brethren. The Burmese, in their prayers, appeal to the " 5000 nats that guard religion." In some countries gnats have.anything but a fostering influence upon religion; they are, on the contrary, rather productive of bad language. We believe neats, in Burmese, means spirits. But that doesn't alter the case. Spirits (in bottles) are quite as dele' terious as mosquitoes to some people. The soundness of the old adage "business before pleasure "received fresh demonstra tion out near Malvern, the other day. A ourglar was alarmed in somebody's kitchen, where he was enjoying a midnight lunch, and he was forced to decamp with empty pockets. If he had only tiled his pockets first he might now have money enough to put up an election deposit. Some time since an English general wrote a magazine article abouLt Australa, and observed that our politic were very crude, out that the introduction of more niew chums into the aresa would give the pursuit mlore polish and graduahly civilnse us. If SLthat distinguished general will find, in any Eunghlsh-speaking country in the world, anything to match the rows, riots, and ruc 1I tions that characrerised the recent election ,an England (according to the home papers), I we will cancel our present opinion of him and work up a new and better one, 