WINSTO WE. BY MBS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER XXXIX.—{Continued.) " We needs most love the highest when we •ee it," but she had not known it for the ** highestshe had looked upon a mirage, and the phantom had hidden what was reaL What had she loved ? An ideal of her own creation, a shadow, a something that was not Gay Tremlett, bat the visionary fancy of a maiden's dreaming. What had ehe cast aside? The love of a true Lticc, the passionate devotion of a man great and good, a man by whose side a woman might walk safely through life's shade and sunshine, upborne by his loving arm in the time of sorrow, and finding sympathy in his smile in the day of gladness. William Mallinger had so long learned to look upon his love for Lilian as a hopeless thing, a part of his life to be hidden away and held in check, that it was hard for him now to read the signs of the sweet face he loved otherwise than by the light of the past. A man who had known Lilian less well would have read her better. " It is because £ know you trust me, child, that I have no fear of you misinterpreting my conduct in the future when I act up to the resolve of which I told you as we walked among the primroses j ust now. While there was a visible bar between us, and while you did not know, it was so much easier for me than it could ever be now." This sentence, if muBt be confessed, was somewhat involved, and perhaps hardly as grammatical as might have been expected from a member of the Bar; but Lilian understood what he meant clearly enough, and he saw by the quiver of her lips thatfehe did so. " You see, £ had my duty to do to him." " To Guy?" she put in softly, yet without the least shrinking from the utterance of her dead lover's name. "Yes, to Guy; and I trust, God helping ire, I did it." " Indeed, indeed you did." The hands he held grew colder as she spoke; he touched them gently with his lips and let them falL "I am glad you can give me so mush praise," he said, with a certain ring of. bitterness in his voice, of which he was himself unconscious, but which thrilled to her very heart; " I shall like to look back upon to-day and think of it; I shall like to re-nemDer" A sob she could not restrain mide him stop short, and leave his sentence unfinished. When people "remember" a thing to take comfort from it, they are, cela VOL sans dire, lonely, and needing comfort. He would be lonely, he would be thinking of her, and she Oh! if she were but beside his knee, her head resting against hie breast, her hand clasped in his; if nothing could part them any more; if he might never again be lonely, so long as God should give her life— But you see, he would take everything for granted; he would take his stand upon the old ground, and, being a woman, what could she do? " But it will not always be like this," she said, en revanche for that inopportune sob; *' some day yon will care for some one else." Silence, during which the fire had it all its own way, and laughed softly with little bub bling tongues of flamer-at the exquisite folly of mortals, most probably. At last he answered her. "No, I shall never 'care for some one else,' child: -there are'women and women.' A """ may love a woman, and forget, and love again; but there might be euoh a woman : as, a man loving once, must love all his life, and would fulfil a higher deBtiny in so loving, utterly without hope, than in any lower content that he might grasp, fault, de mieux." He had taken her hanrt in his again, and felt it tremble. Gentls heart," he thought, "how she pities me!" But I am not qnite sure that Lilian was not pitying herself, too, just then. "Don't you see," he said, making up his mind to bring the interview that tried her sensitive nature so sorely to a close, " that if a man has a certain ideal enshrined in his heart, an ideal that God has willed shall be to him unattainable, he does some woman a grievous wrong if he sets her in a lower place, when—all the while"— But Lilian's strength was rapidly failing her—she twisted her Hand from his hold, ana turned her face away. " I think I hear uncle stirring. I think I— had better—go"— " No, no," he said, after listening intently : for a moment; " the dear old man has not finished his nap yet—it is only your fancy, child. Listen to me while 1 say just one thing more—£ do not want to recur to this subject again; it makes you suffer, and I cannot bear to see that. So I want you to undsrstat>d that I shall never as long asl live, speak of—of all this again." This assurance on William's _ part appeared to overwhelm Lilian (with gratitude no doubt) to such an extent that she had to sit down quickly on the couch by the fire—to conceal her joy, perhaps. "I tell yon this," went on the quiet, steadfast voice, " in order that you may have no fears, no misgivings; in order that you may be-quite sure the pain of all this to-day will never happen again. I want you, in fact, to forget it alL Child, let it be as if it had never been." How generous he was! how good, how -noble, how kind * Indeed, she was so touched by all this com- •bination of good qualities on Ms part that •she must needs weep over it! " Hush, hush!" he said, troubled beyond it; and ' time, you know, soothes all pun, even such as mine." £t would have been hard, indeed, for him to have said anything more utterly unwise; but, on the other hand, he could hardly have said'anything better calculated to call pride to the aid of love. ., ., , "iam glad of that, she said, with her small tress- crowned head held proudly enough; " that is a very good tiling." Then she set her little mouth in a hard, firm line, that told of a sudden aecte of resolution': notwithstanding which noble emotion on her part it took all her determination to prevent the set lipB from parting in a piteous and altogether ignominious quiver as she pondered on the excellence of this same "good thing." . " That is right," said William, with hypocritical cheerfulness; " don't let me go away carrying with me a self-reproachful memory of having hurt you so sadly, dear." Go away ! . . . I do not know any combination of wordB in'the English language more calculated to overeet a woman's resolution. \- They mean so much, those two small insignificant parts of speech. They seem to call up a vision of distance by sea, or by land, or by both combined, and display it in its most appalling proportions to " the mind's eye they call up a sad-eyed ghost, whose name is "Absence," and who, like the "mither"of the unhappy heroine in "Auld Robin Gray," " looks in our face till QUI heart is like to break;" thsy suggest a horrible silence that is coming, and which we know, with prophetic dread, will make the ear ache with its intensity—a silence that will pervade the world about us, be that world ever so noisy, ever so full of turmoil. These two words, so pregnant with coming sorrow, fell like lead upon Lilian's heart William would "go away ;" the matter of which they had now spoken was to be henceforth a dosed book; and, oh sid consolation ! she was to suffer no more in the hearing of his " msst sade stone of lore for a faire Iadie." On the mantelshelf, already poor pretty blossoms growing limp and dejected, lay the girimroee that he had gathered for her in the wood. They had grown into life, sheltered by palegrecn, velvet-soft leaves; they had pushed up their golden faces into the sunlight, to let the world see that spring had come at last and summer was on its way; and now they lay a-dying, and " their day 1 ' was over. hot quite, as we shall see; they had a message of hope to the world awhile ago, and perhaps a sweeter message still lay folded in their lading blossoms now. William touched them gently as they lay. " I shall never see primroses again, Lilian," be said, sighing, " withcut thinking of this afternoon." She might have added " Nor I;" but she heard the cuckoo-clocli sing out the hour, and caught the sound of an ominous bustle and stirring in the direction of the 6tables, and these two sounds combined held her dumb. " Bumji! bump! bump !" went Uncle David's stick upon the floor above, and they knew that the "nap" was over, and that time had run on at an altogether ridiculous pace, considering that there ought to be sixty minutes in each hour. " I had better go up to him, and then se tliat all my things are brought down," said William, drawing a deep breath as he mentally stepped across the boundary that separates dreamland from everyday, matter-offact existence. "I shall see you for a moment or two before I go, of course ; but yet this is a sort of good by in its way, isn't it?" he asked, with—truth to tell—a rather feeble laugh at his otvu weak jesting " Look at me, child, and let me lead my full pardon for all my faults in your eyes." Conch a sad face was turned to him 1 Such heivy,.tiied eyes were raised to his. {To be ccntinved.) NORWOOD CYCLING CLUB'S SPORTS.— Entries for these sports will be received tintil this evening. 