THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER X. MBS HAItDIKQ SEES a FAMILIAR FACE. The next Hay was bright and pleasant— a real winter's day, with a cold frosty wind blowing: amongst the blackening: fern, and crisping the waters of all the ponds in Scarsdale wood, whereby hope was kindled in tbo bosoms of enthusiastic skaters ; while a sullen despair came down upon hard-riding gentlemen and their retainers ; and in half-a-dozen stable-yards in the county might have been seen the living representation of Sir Edwin Landseer's delicious picture. "There will be a thaw to-morrow,'' said Sir Jasper, as ho cut open the las|t number of the Rcmtc des Devx Mondes by the great fire in his library. " There inevitably is muddy sloppiness and drizzling rain on Christmas-day; as if the rational laws of a rational universe set themselves against the illustrated-newspaper proprietors and popular humorists' scorbutic ideal of jolly KiDg Christmas, with a crown of holly, and an impossibly- gigantic punchbowl emitting incredible blue-and-yellow blazes. Where are the people who keep the ideal Christmas ? Has any one ever seen them, or dined with them, or sat in their family circle after dinner, listening to their ghost-stories, or skirmished with their pretty girls under the mistletoe or worshipped in their highly-varnished church, or shivered in their incredibly snowy streets 1 Has any one ever met the lawyer who can relate three pages and a half about a singular client, who once came to faira on a foggy night, when the boys were playing hide-and-seek in the dusky corners of the ians-of-court; or the elderly maiden lady who, at five minutes' notice, will give you a concise but sentimental account of her dead sister, whose plighted lover was lost on a moor Christmas-day, just seven-and-thirty years ago, and who never smiled again, poor darling, till the very smile she wore, as she stood in the old oriel-window waiting for him that Christmas-day, came back to her face as she lay in her coffin, never to leave it more j or the young medical student, who can't tell you any story of his own but who always happens to carry about him the manuscript of a diary kept by a fellowstudent, who died of delirium tremens ? I suppose there are such people; and very agreeable they must he; but one doesn't meet them. I should think now, if there ever was any one sufficiently eloquent to give a synopsis three-volume novel in three pages and a half of very good English at a minute's warning, you, Mrs. Harding, might be that accomplished improviiatore. I dare say that you will be able to tell us some mysterious and roman'ic story about a dead sister to-morrow evening, as we sit by the fire, or as we should sit by the fire if Christmas-day were not inevitably warm and muggy." Have you ever seen the deadly pallor of the natural complexion revealing itself under an artificial bloom ? It is not a pleasant sight; and Sir Jasper almost shuddered as he saw the sudden change upon Mrs. Harding's face. " Pray forgive me!" he said gently. " I see that I have touched upon a sensitive chord. You have lost a sister very dear to you." "Yes," Mrs. Harding replied, quite calmly. " My sister died only last year. I was in mourning for her when I first met you." The natural warmth had come back to her face. Whatever shock Sir Jasper's random words had inflicted upon her had passed, and left her as 6elf-possessed as usual. Marcia took her guest for a drive after an early luncheon. It was dusk when the carriage drove into Castleford, after a long round in the country lanes and by-roads. The lamps were lighted in the shops, bnt there was still a cold yellow glimmer in the west, and a grev light in the wintry sky. By this light Mrs; Harding saw the faces of a couple of young men who were lounging in the doorway of a tobacconist's shop, over which the illuminated windows of a billiard-room looked pale in the expiring daylight. One of the men was Gervoice Catheron, and the other was an ensign in an infantry regiment quartered in Castleford barracks. The widow turned her head to look at these men, and turned again, and lifted her veil on the second occasion, as if anxious to see them more distinctly, as Miss Denison's barouche drove slowly along the High Street Marcia had some shopping to do in Castleford ; and the coachman drew up his horses presently before a haberdasher's shop some two or three hundred yards from the billiard-room. " I will be as quick as possible in making purchases," Miss Denison said, as she prepared to alight. " Will you come into the shop, or sit in the carriage ? Godwin can drive up and down the street, if you find it cold standing still." "Thanks, dear; no," answered Mrs. Harding, rather hurriedly. " I will get out and go back to a stationer's I saw a few doors from here. I forgot all about stationery when 1 was making my purchases in town. You'll wait for me, won't you, if I should be a little longer than you?" She alighted immediately after Marcia, and hurried away in the dusk. But the splendid widow did not enter the shop of the chief stationer of Castleford. She passed his door, and went straight to the tobacconist's, on whose threshold the young ensign and the sub-lieutenant of marines were lounging in listless attitudes, smoking the tobacconist's finest Cabanas, and drawling, drowsy abuse of some " fellow " who had appointed to meet them there, and who was behind his time* As Mrs. Harding approached this door, she slackened her footsteps all at once, and walked slowly by, with her veil thrown back and her face turned towards the gaslighted window. She was scarcely half a dozen yards from the shop, when Gervoise Catheron muttered some hurried excuse to his companion, and darted after her. "Good God!" murmured the ensign, lifting ii^s pale eyebrows and yawning dismally, "I really think everybody has gone mad this afternoon." He prepared himself a fresh cigar, in a dreadfully boaconstrictor-Iike manner, and then disappeared in the passage over whose threshold shone the mystic word " Billiards." Gervoise Catheron overtook the widow just as she turned into a dingy little lane of gloomy houses, leading towards the swampy shores of the Merdrid. " Beauty !" he exclaimed, iu a tone that was very subdued, and yet very energetic, " what on earth is the meaning of your turning up in this unexpected manner in High-street, Castleford ? I 6hould as soon have thought of meeting the pontiff Fio Nono parading past Hodgson's shop as you. I thought it was an understood thing you did not come to England, Beauty ?" Mrs. Harding had lowered her veil by this time. She turned upon the sub- lieutenant with a frown whose darkness he did not see. Why do you call me by that absurd " Do you want to remind me that I was a child once, and had a foolish mother and father, whose affection proved itself by giving their children sentimental pet-names, and letting them grow up as they pleased, or as they could ? for it would have been very difficult to grow into anything good in our house. Call me Blanche. I have used my second name lately, for I hate every other by which I was ever called." Gervoise Catheron did not answer for some moments ; and then it seemed as if he had not heard, or at any rate had not heeded, Mrs. Harding's last words. " Beauty," he said, after a pause, " you have grown as hard as your sister." Was I ever different from her ?' " Yes," he answered sadly," I think you were once." There was another pause, and then the sub-lieutenant said, in an altered tone, *' But, for goodness sake, Beau—well, Blanche, if you like—God knows there's not so much childishness about us now that we need call ourselves by childish names!—how is it that yon drop out of the skies into High-street, Castleford? I thought you had promised to live out of England." " What does that matter to you 1" " Very little, certainly. Only when you promise a fellow to do such and 6nch a thing, and a fellow, on that consideration, acts very liberally—and there's no denying that he has acted very liberally, Beau— oh, hang it all! Blanche, if you like it better—though I can't 6ay that I have benefitted much by his liberality—I think the least you can do is to keep your promise. However, as you remark, or as you were about to remark—I can see, by that jerk of your bennet— that's no affair of mine. I was sorry hear of your sister's death, Blanche; though I can't say she was ever particularly good to me—ah, I see by that other jerk of your bonnet, you think that's unfeeling ; but a fellow's mind is likely to be degraded when the best thing a fellow's friends can do for him is to put him into a service in which a man calls himself a soldier, but takes his orders from the Admiralty, and lives amongst sailors without claiming fellowship with them. You've left off your mourning, I perceive. I haven't. I gave a shilling for a hatband the day I heard of her death; and I've worn it ever since! and deuced shabby both the band and the hat are by this time." " Are you in difficulties, Gervoise !" asked the widow, when they had walked to the end of the lane, and had turned to go back again. " Of course I am in difficulties. Was I ever out of them ?" cried the sub-lieutenant with easy frankness; "difficulty is my normal state, and has been ever since I had threepence a week for pocket-money at a preparatory school, and spent sixpence. I did my first bill—on the cover of my copybook—before my eleventh birthday, and have been doing bills, and occasionally the bill discounters, ever since. And I really think, Beauty,—now don't jerk your bonnet, though I acknowledge that it does sound rather as if you were a King Charles spaniel with apoplectic eyeballs and a crumpled nose,—I really think, Blanche, that after a separation of ten years—-and, upon my honour you don't look as if it had been more than five—the least you could do would be to offer me a modest tener, or, putting it more clearly, a ten- pound note." " Gervoise!" exclaimed the widow reproachfully, "who would believe that you belong to one of the oldest families in "Ah 1 who indeed ? And In the marines! But I really shall be grateful for that tenner. Suppose you give me your purse off hand, as they do on the stage," said Mr. Catheron, as the widow produced her portemounaie. But Mrs. Harding was not a benefactress of the order so common in melodrama; she opened the portemonnaie, and deliberately counted four sovereigns, which she handed to the lieutenant. " That's all I can do for you to-nighl, Gervoise," she said; "and now I must wish you good-night, and hurry back to the friend I left waiting for me in the High-street." She was walking very fast as she spoke. But tell me where you are staying." " I can't stop to do that now. Give me your address, and I will write to you. But be quick; I must get back to iny friend." "But who is your friend?" asked Mr. Catheron, fumbling in his waistcoat-pocket, and producing a crumpled envelope. The widow snatched it from him impatiently. They were at the corner of the lane by this time. "Don't follow me a step farther; and don't on any account recognise me if you meet me with any one. I'll write to you in a day or two." She turned into the High-street, and hurried away ere her companion could attempt to detain her. The lieutenant stood for a few minutes staring absently after her, and then strolled slowly towards the tobacconist's, with his hands in his pockets, and the sovereigns jingling as he walked. It was to have been observed that in the whole course of tbis conversation the widow had not indulged in any of those little outbursts of emotion so common in her conversation. There were evidently occasions upon which the enthusiastic Mrs. Harding did not gush. (To be continued.) 