OUR IRISH LETTER. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Dublin, Thursday night, August 12, 1886. THERE is little calling for special comment in the political situation just now. Mr. Parnell has declared that the present rents are impossible, and that eviction for their non-payment would be unjust and cruel. And this declaration, made at the recent sessional meeting of the Irish Party in our historic City Hall, has received marked accentuation from his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin. The Most Rev. Dr. Walsh considers that the landlords acted as fools in not having accepted Mr. Gladstone's Land Purchase Bill, which went to guarantee them twenty years' purchase. His Grace is of opinion that no statesman will be found, in the future, to offer even sixteen years, and he is strong in the con- viction that the judicial rents even recently fixed by the Land Commission cannot be paid by the tenantry. Under such circumstances, it is not too much to anticipate that the approaching winter will be signalized by a very vigorous renewal of the land agitation, of course, severely within the lines of the Constitution. Even now prominent Nationalists are using all their eloquence in impressing on the people, as O'Connell did nearly half a century ago, that " he who commits a crime gives strength to the enemy." Those who indulge in moonlighting are pronounced the worst enemies of Ireland and Ireland's patriot band. But still there is a fear abroad, no doubt quickened and excited by the many evictions going on and threatened throughout the country — unfortunate and deci- mated Gweedore being once more the scene of extensive and cruel exterminations. If such be persevered in, it will unquestionably become difficult to restrain the advanced section of the present population. The peasantry of Kerry and Donegal and Leitrim, or, in fact, of any other county, will be deaf to the peace teachings of the National League if the work of annihilation is to be continued. The United Kingdom Home Rule League has just issued — to-day — an important manifesto. One paragraph will suffice to show you the drift of public opinion : — '"The average English elector knows next to nothing of the Go- vernment of Ireland, and the average English representative very little more. Few people study the history of Ireland before and after the Union ; few Englishmen visit Ireland ; few set themselves to discover why the condition and government of Ireland are a disgrace and menace to England. But it is a fact that Ireland has been entirely governed by Englishmen and in the interest of a few Englishmen. We, as English- men, contend that this is unjust, and we see but one remedy for it — a statutory Parliament in Ireland, in which the guarantees of the late Govarnment's Bill are defined and secured without doubt or dispute." The chairman of this League is no less prominent a person than Mr. Thorold Rogers. But let us change the subject for a time, as politics begin to try the patience. Our new street — Lord Edward-street — and the splendid view it allows us of Christ Church Cathedral, will be objects of great interest to the Indian and Colonial visitors whom we expect on Monday. Preparations for their reception have reached a most elaborate condition, and a pro- gramme has been already mapped out which will either acquaint them with all the crooked corners in both city and citizens, or else drive them into the Richmond Lunatic Asylum. On Tuesday they are to make a tour through the metropolis on the tram cars ; visit Trinity, the old Parlia- ment House, the Royal Irish Academy, the Museum of Science and Art, the Royal College of Surgeons, the City Hall, Christ Church, St. Patrick's Cathedral and the Castle. All this, mark you, before lunch ! Then after lunch, which is to be partaken of in the Ancient Concert Rooms, they are to proceed to Guinness's Brewery, Roe's Distillery, the Inchicore Railway Works, Phoenix Park, and the promenade at the Zoo. Supposing any of them should remain alive, there is a special ball for them in the evening at the Mansion House. On Wednesday the survivors are to go through just as much again ; and on Thursday those who are left to tell the tale will give up the ghost during a giddy round of sight- seeing. There never was a greater accumulation of good intentions, but who would be an Indian or Colonial visitor at the money ? Not I, certainly, who think a day too short for going through Guinness's, or the Inchicore Works, and who would like to spend three hours, at least, roaming through the crypt and new excavations at Christ Church Cathedral ! These excavations are most interesting, and should act as a whole- some lesson to us in the virtue of humility. Perhaps you will want to know why ! Well, because they reveal a style of architecture and a system of civilization existant centuries and cen- turies ago, compared with which our architecture and civilization to-day are nothing to boast of. Moreover, they argue conclusively, that modern knowledge is very ignorant after all, since the late Mr. Street (and the great Mr Street !) who undertook and carried out the re- storation of the cathedral at Mr. Henry Roe's request and expense, declared there was no hope of finding any sign of the old Chapter House, and yet a Chapter House was discovered a couple of years after, quite close to the main edifice, when the Open Space Association was clearing the ground away. But I have another excavated Chapter House to tell you of, which is likely to interest you still more. Whoever knows anything of Dublin has heard of Mary's Abbey, where the Jewish Synagogue stands, and of Pill Lane, whence issue unsavoury smells, '"horrid shrieks and sights un- holy." " Mary's Abbey" ought to be known as St.'-Mary's' Abbey" for there are to be seen the - ruins of the Cistercian Abbey of St. Mary's, colonized from the parent house of Citeaux, near Chalons, towards the latter part of the 11th century. Last Christmas some gentlemen con- nected with the property, and interested in archaeology, made up their minds to find out all that remained of the old building. For many years there was an impression that there were some ruins in the locality ; now, however, recent investigation has uncovered massive walls bearing aloft a semi-circular roof interlaced with ribs of delicately-moulded stone and strange carvings at their intersections. Some windows of very beautiful construction were then discovered, and after having searched for days a stone coffin built of heavy flags was found under the surface, and this is supposed to be the tomb of an Abbot. Since then the "finds" have been many, and at the back of Messrs. Boland's bakery premises in Capel-street, the south choir and transept of the church have been traced out, and two small vaults, probably the resting place of kings or bishops, who were buried at the foot of the altar, have been laid bare. We are told that here probably rested the remains of the great Felix O'Ruadon, Archbishop of Tuam. Certain it is that, in the year 1718, the corpse of a prelate in full pontificals was found uncorrupted in St. Mary's Abbey. For fear of a public rush on private property little is known in the city about these excavations, but as our own Bishop Donnelly is preparing a paper on the Abbey, we shall soon have the light of discussion thrown on them. Then the popular Father Meenan— Clarence Mangan's great friend — will have a good deal to say on the subject, no doubt, for he is an authority on the ancient monastic institutions of Ireland, as well as a pro- found and reliable antiquarian. To his interest in the matter I am largely indebted for what I have told you. Though the day has a chill of an early autumn about it, and though our summer was late in arriving, yet our weather prophets assure us that we are bound to have an over-the- average harvest. Turnips and potatoes are par- ticularly good; hay has done its duty; and unless something unforeseen should happen, oats and wheat will turn out an excellent crop. From all parts of the island the agricultural notes are lively, but what are we to do for want of money and want of employment ? Last week I was careering around and about the middle of Ireland, and everywhere I roamed destitution of the dir- est kind faced me. It was pitiable to enter the one-roomed, thatched mud-cabin and see the so- called bread-winner idle, the mother listless, the children anxious and expectant with something not unlike hunger in their eyes. There is no market for anything, no work to be had. The excitement attendant on the late political crisis is over, and now comes the reaction. Energy seems to be well nigh exhausted, and behold despair — black and bleak as the winter which approaches ! The active men of the Irish Party are away. Perhaps when they return we may have words of counsel, a programme for the future, or some organized sympathy to support our peasantry. On Sunday last the delegates of the Irish Parlia- mentary force, commissioned to attend the Chi- cago Convention, steamed out of Queenstown in the Cunard steamer Servia. Mr. William O'Brien was in charge, and with him went Mr. John E. Redmond, M.P., and Mr. Deasy, M.P. There was an ovation from the Cork citizens pre- vious to "goodbye," and some forcible speeches were made anent the work yet to be done. As the delegation departed news came that Michael Davitt had arrived in New York, he being also bound for the Convention, but with an earlier engagement to speak at the meeting of the Clan- na-Gael. What is going to transpire we all are eager to know. Something important, we feel, for Mr. P. Egan has been communicating with these shores pretty briskly of late, and many are of opinion that difficulties are certain to arise before long which even Mr. Parnell must con- sider serious. " Sufficient for the day," however. Our industries are to be encouraged and our sporting pastimes revived by the newest Lord Lieutenant. We have not been yet informed when the state entry will take place, but it has been whispered to us that whenever it does, a de- monstration will mark the day in the history of New Ireland, and prove itself a bitter memory in the heart of " cut-throat Castlereagh's " descen- dant. It is rather hard on a man that the sins of his long defunct and distant relative should be visited upon him, — rather hard that a mere name should associate him with Ireland's worst enemy. Report declares him to be an excellent landlord, a liberal politician, a model friend ; and report fur- ther asserts that his leaning towards Home Rule is genuine and long-standing. The Marchioness is beautiful to behold. " Handsome is that hand some does," however, and the only beauty we ad- mire is the beauty of such goodness as raised the Countess of Aberdeen to our heart's throne of per- fect womanhood. Last week's mail carried away to you, no doubt, a full and graphic description of the day of parting. The demonstration of the O'Connell centenary was mild in comparison! All Dublin — city and county — thronged the route by which the Viceregal party proceeded, from the castle to the Westland Row terminus, and cries of "Good-bye," "God love you," "Erin's Queen," "Come back to us," " Mavourneen," filled the air and rose to the skies as a tri- bute of our gratitude for sympathy such as we had never known before, and love which we repaid a hundredfold. The Earl and Countess and their children stood up in the carriage bowing and smiling and waving adieu as the carriage passed slowly through the dense masses of sorrowing subjects who, one and all, showed that they felt true friends were leaving them. Tears came down without stint, even the clouds wept for a little time with the people — and the Countess herself gave way visibly before all. When the Spencers went away — how wonderfully different was the sight ! The new Lord Lieu- tenant, and Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, our new Chief-Secretary, have been already sworn in. The ceremony was more than half private, and his Excellency returned to England immediately afterwards. Sir Michael, however, stayed on, for the state of Belfast needed immediate attention, if a Catholic was to be left alive in it at all. Before I begin to recount to you the savagery and brutal, fiendish bigotry displayed, since last I wrote, in our modern Athens, I should tell you that Lord Ashbourne has again succeeded' Mr. Naish as Lord Chancellor of Ireland, that Mr. John Gibson, Q.C., is Solicitor- General, and Mr. Holmes, Q.C., Attorney-General. What will be the end of this terrible rioting in the North ? Three months now it has been going on, and yet there seems no sign of its exhaustion. The latest phase is marked by the mobbing and wounding of young Catholic girls and children. Police or military fared no better, and even some stipendiary magistrates had their wounds dressed in the common hospitals. This, one class insists, was the outcome of Mr. Morley's policy as to the manner in which the rioters of June and July were treated. Another class is equally strong in interpreting the latest eruption as an Orange ovation to the outgoing Viceroy. While a third looks upon the dastardly outrages as a form of protest against Mr. Morley's proclamation of the town. The truth is that the foul fiend of Orange- ism never deported itself more wantonly, more recklessly, or more brutally than it has for the past week. The outrages of June and July have been surpassed in all their atrocities, their dia- bolical lawlessness, and barbaric thirst for venge- ance. For days and nights, Sunday as well as Saturday, the Orangemen continued their orgies of blood through the streets of " loyal, law and order loving Belfast." In their fury they spared no one. Girlhood, and womanhood, and'boyhood were alike indiscriminately butchered, — shot down like rabid dogs, — or knifed with a kind of Bashi-Bazouk brutality. Catholic work-girls were set on by armed dastards in the public thorough- fares ; Catholic workmen were fusilladed with grape or swan drop and buckshot, and policemen were met and encountered with the rifle. Military reinforcements were, day and night, poured into the town which was proclaimed and threatened with martial law. The Catholics met and publicly protested against the action of the local autho- rities ; the new Chief Secretary appealed to the mob; but Orangeism was drunk with blood and shrieked for more ! These scandalous deeds went on for days without abatement, and the '"modern Athens" had to be occupied by 2000 infantry, 10 troops of cavalry and 1500 constabulary — all having been placed under the command of a General of Division. Before this army the Orange rowdies reeled, and yesterday Belfast was reported to be quiet. But the butcher's bill was heavy. No less than thirteen persons were killed, including some women and children, and the "seriously wounded" numbered over one hundred and twenty, sixty of them being con- stabulary men. These are the cases treated in the hospitals. It is well known that the majority of those who suffered from the firing of the Orangemen were conducted to their homes, and are, therefore, not included in the list of casual- ties made known. Both extra police and military are to remain in Belfast for some days, and as soon as the House of Commons meets, Mr. Sexton, M.P. for one of the divisions of the borough, will bring the entire subject be- fore Parliament. Then it is expected there will be disgraceful revelations as to the partial con- duct of some of the local big-wigs. No doubt it will be asked why was Belfast not disarmed in July, when it was proclaimed by the Late Chief Secretary, Mr. Morley ? Why were the Orange- men allowed to be continued armed ? Why was the local authority all in the hands of the Pro- testants ? And why were public-houses of Pro- testants allowed to remain open while those of Catholics were rigorously closed by proclama- tion ? Thus Orangeism will be the first Irish problem the new Administration will be called on to deal with. While, however, this disgraceful criminality degrades the capital of the Northern province, it is gratifying to learn that crime throughout the country is decreasing in the most satisfactory manner. The annual report of the Registrar General has just been issued for 1885. It is dated the 23rd of July last. From it we learn that there was a decrease o£ close on 9,000 criminal offences compared with the previous year, and a decrease of close on 6,000 cases of drunkenness and disorderly conduct in connection therewith. Under the prevention of Crimes Act it appears that in the portion of the year '85 in which the Act was in force 213 persons were proceeded against, of whom 128 were discharged, and 85 con- victed, including 31 for intimidation, 18 for riot or unlawful assembly, 20 for holding forcible pos- session, 3 for assaults on constables and bailiffs, and 13 for being found out at night under sus- picious circumstances. Now for a "gather 'em up" paragraph: — We are looking forward to a visit from Mr. Gladstone some of these days, for report says it is his inten- tion to take his well-earned rest in cruising around our shores. The Cathedral, Marlborough-street, is in the hands of painters and decorators, and gives assurance of being soon a gem of elegance. Miss Minnie Palmer, whom you are soon to see, is here this week. Contrary to expectation she brings only fair houses. We have military bands now playing on Sunday in the Phoenix Park, and consequently many goody-goody souls are terribly shocked. At the recent Royal University Exami- nations the best prizes and highest places were carried off in the greatest number by the girl students of Alexandria College. Poor old Sir Samuel Ferguson, President of the Royal Irish Academy, is gone the way of all flesh. And finally, as I write, now is wired from Londonderry that the 'Prentice Boys are celebrating the Relief rather rowdily, and that every promise is given that there will be bad work before to- morrow's dawn. THE DUBLIN ORANGEMEN. — On Tuesday, Aug. 10, at the Dublin Commission Court, the trial of the persons charged with shooting at the crowd in York-street, Dublin, on the occasion of the election for the city, began. The first man put at the bar was Archibald Cruikshank, the care- taker of the Conservative Workingmen's Club, from the premises of which the shots and other missiles were fired. He was charged on four or five different counts, but on none of them was he found guilty. Though Judge O'Brien told the jury that he did not see any tangible evidence that Cruikshank's life was in danger after he entered the club, and when he fired the shots, or that the club premises even were in danger, the jury took only ten minutes to make up their minds that he was entirely blameless. As a fitting sequel to this fiasco, the trial of the other prisoners has been postponed because of the fact that out of the eighteen jurors who answered to their names when the proceedings began next day seven were challenged by Mr. Carson, the prisoners' counsel. Keep the kidneys healthy and unobstructed, with Ameri- can Co.'s Hop Bitters and you need not fear sickness. Read,--ADVT 