FICTION LADY BRANKSMERE. By the Author of 'Phyllis,' 'Molly Bawn,' 'Mrs. Geoffrey ,' 'Doris,' &c.; CHAPTER II.— ' When you comb into any fresh company — 1, Observe their. humours ; 2, Suit your own carriage thereto ; by which insinua- tion you will make their converse more fresh AND OPEN.' " There's a ring at the door bell; did yon heard it?' cries Angelica, rising to her feet, pale and nervous. 'They have come ! I feel it ; I know it, by the cold thrill down my back.' It is some hours later, and the Daryls are waiting en masse in the rather shabby library, and in the very lowest spirits, for the expected coming of their brother and his wife. Now at last all is indeed over ! 'Yes! and there is the knock. They've come to a moral,' says Peter. The twins grow pale. All in a body move solemnly towards the library door. "Good heavens ! why isn't Muriel here to receive them ?'' gasps Margery, hanging fire on the threshold. '' Why am I to be the victimised one? I feel as if I should like to faint.'' '' Peter ! a pin,' says Dick, with stern determination in his tone. '' No, no. I'll go, of course,' declares Meg, hastily. "Only - — ' She pauses, and looks as though she is on the point of tears. ''Don't be a goose,' puts in Peter, not unkindly. ''She won't eat you ! She can't even blow you into fine dust on so short an acquaintance. Here ! step out. Put your best foot foremost. Quick march ! And, for goodness sake, take that lachrymose expression off your face. It would hang you anywhere. If she sees she is unwelcome, she'll make it hot for us later on.'' ' She'll do that anyhow,' says Dick, grimly, to whom there is evidently a soupcon of enjoyment in the whole affair. ''Go on, Meg. You shouldn't scamp your duty.'' 'I'm going,' whimpers Margery. She takes a step forward with what she fondly, but erroneously, believes to be a valiant air, and tries to think what Muriel would have done on such another occasion as this — Muriel, with her calm, haughty face, her slow movements that she hastened for no man's pleasure, and her little strange smile, so cold, so sweet, that could attract or subdue, as its owner willed. There is a dignity about Muriel that she wishes she could copy, if for ''this occasion only'' — a savior faire — a sense of breeding, a- '' Blanche! if you tread on the tail of my gown again,'' breathes Miss Daryl at this point of her meditations, in an angry whisper, '' I'll tear you limb from limb.'' This awful threat being received by the culprit with the utmost indifference, the train once more advances. The hall is reached. '' Mary Jane is just opening the door, and her back hair is all down',' telegraphs Peter, over his shoulder. He is with the advance guard, and has, besides, an eye like a gimlet. ' It is sticking out like a furze bush,' he goes on, excitedly. ' To the front, Meg— and don't give Mrs. Daryl time to notice it, or our reputation is lost for ever.' ''And the time I took over that girl's get up,'' groans Angelica, despairingly. ''If you could just manage to throw yourself into Mrs. William's arms and lean heavily on her, all will be well,'' whispers Dick. ' You're a well-grown girl, and weight always tells. Do anything— hurt her, even—but don't let her see our Mary Jane.' ''Oh, why wasn't Muriel here,' returns Margery, with quite a shiver of nervous horror. ''Go along — you'll do well enough at a pinch,' says her brother, noble encouragement in his tone, as he gives her a friendly push that sends her — with what the newcomers imagine to be most flattering haste — right into the glare of the lamp. Here, at the hall door, there is a slight confusion. A little bundle, made up apparently of Eastern shawls, is standing near the hat stand. A young man is fumbling hopelessly with these shawls, and Mary Jane, who has now finally got rid of the small amount of wits that once were hers, is curtseying profoundly and unceasingly. "After all she isn't Irish, she is a Hindu,'' whispers Dick, ''she thinks she is once more in the presence of Vishnu, the Pervader. See how she mops and mows. Poor thing. She is very mad.'' Margery takes the final step. ''You have come, Billy,' she says, timidly advancing towards the young man who is trying so hopelessly to dis- entangle the little parcel of soft goods. ''So we have, so we have,' cries Mr. Daryl, in a cheery voice. He is a man of middle height, the very image of Margery, and he now abandons his efforts to unravel the little form, to go to his sister and give her a hearty hug. '' Oh ! there you all are,'' exclaims he delightedly, seeing the other figures drawn up in battle array in the background. ''Look, Willy ! Here they all are in a body to bid you welcome.'' ''Look!'' laughs somebody from beneath the mufflings. "Oh! how I wish I could. I wonder if I'll ever look with living eyes on anything again ! I'm just smothered.'' Billy 'having kissed the children, who are frightened, and shaken hands with his brothers who are stolid, now once more attacks the bundle and finally brings out from it his wife with quite a flourish as if distinctly proud of her. ''He is new to it," says Peter, with fine contempt, turn- ing to Angelica. ''She's— she's pretty .'' returns Angelica, slowly, and as if just awakening to something. The greetings, the introductions, have been gone through. Mrs. Daryl is quite a little woman, with clear eyes, that have looked with leisurely keenness at each of her new kinsfolk in turn. Her mouth, if firm, is pleasant. There is no self -consciousness about her, and no shyness what- ever. ''Nice old hall, Billy,' she says, smiling, when she has spoken to everyone, and is at last at liberty to look round her. Nice! All the Daryls exchange covert and furious glances with each other. Nice, indeed, when they have been accustomed to pride themselves upon it as being (which it really is) the finest hall in the country. ''I should just like to see the one she has been used to,'' mutters Peter, with extreme disgust. ''Dinner will be ready in about five minutes,'' says Margery, suggestively. 'You must be very tired, and - '' ''Dinner ! Ah, you should have mentioned that, Billy,'' says Mrs. Daryl, brightly. ''We dined at Wotton about two hours ago, and to dine again so soon would be dreadful. As to being tired, I never felt fresher in my life. But you must all go to dinner, and - '' ''We dined early. It makes no difference at all, says Margery, slowly. '' You will like a cup of tea, instead, perhaps ?'' ''Presently. When I have talked to yon all a little,'' arranges Mrs. Daryl, promptly. 'I think in the mean- time—Ah ! what room is this ?'' Margery had led the way into the drawing-room. ''A charming room,'' declares the newcomer, briskly, with a swift but comprehensive glance round her. ''But what ghastly furniture ! We must turn it all out of doors or else relegate it to the garrets, and get something light — aesthetic — satisfying— eh ?' with an airy wave of her hand. Indeed all her ways seem to be especially, airy. ''That's the prelude to turning us out of doors,'' whispers Meg, gloomily, into Angelica's ear. ' Well ! nothing like knowing the worst at once !' ''What's outside ?'' asks Mr. Daryl, pushing wide a window curtain end gazing into the still darkness of the spring night. ''The garden.'' ''Ah ! I -wish I could see that!'' cries she, eagerly. She seems thoroughly untiring and full of vivacity. ''Is it too dark, Billy?'' ''Much too dark, and too chilly besides,''returns he. "How careful he is of her!'' says Peter, in a moody aside. ''Seems to me she's as strong- as a - He is evidently on the point of saying ''a horse,'' but some innate breeding forbids him. ''So she is,'' whispers Margery, back, who, perhaps, understands him. And, indeed, there is something sugges- tive of strong and perfect health in Mrs. Daryl's small, elastic frame, and fair face and eager eyes. ''If is rather late for the children to be up,'' says Margery, addressing her new sister. '' I think I will take them away now, and give them their tea. Billy can show you everything.'' With a faint smile. ''Of course. If they want to go,'' says Mrs. Billy cheerfully. ''But perhaps they'd like a holiday from their beds in honour of me. Would you, mites ?'' But the mites are too impressed by the solemnity of the occasion to do ought but hang their heads and behave abominably. ('' Just like illbred little brats,' declares Margery after- wards, with an access of wrath that descends upon the luckless twins.) ''Ah ! well, no doubt they are tired,'' says Mrs. Billy genially, and so Margery carries off the disgraced babies to their tea in the schoolroom, where they are speedily joined by Angelica, Dick, and Peter. ''What idiot said brides were shy?'' demands Dick presently. ''Of all the effrontery, the coolness, the - '' ''She is just what I said she would be.'' ''She isn't in the least what I thought she would be,'' says Margery, ' 'she — she's worse. Did you hear her re- mark about the hall ?'' ''And about the furniture ?'' ''I suppose she'll give us a week's grace,'' says Peter, thoughtfully. ' And then — where are we to go ?' ''Ah ! you are here, then ?" cries a gay voice. The door is pushed open, and Mrs. Daryl enters as though certain of a welcome. ' 'They told me I should find you in this room,'' continued she, entering as composedly as though she had been an inmate of the house all her life. ''This is a very uncomfortable place for you,'' declares Margery, rising pale and unsmiling from behind the teapot. ''Let me take you to the library. I have ordered tea to be served there for you and Billy.'' ''That's tea down there, isn't it?'' nodding her head at the elderly teapot so well known to the twins. ''Yes— but in the library ?'' ''I know. I've been there. And very cosy it looked, but not so cosy as this. I think old schoolrooms the best bits of a house, don't you? And I should like some of your tea, and so would Billy.'' ''She's evidently determined we shan't have even this poor room to ourselves,'' mutters Dick, indignantly. ''All or none is her motto. Anything so indecent - ! All this pretence at bonhomie is a mere dodge to prove to us that she is mistress of everything. That all the rooms be- long to her.'' ''Well, so they do— so they do !'' returns Angelica with a fine justice. Then her feelings grow too much for her. ''But of all the mean actions - '' she says, tears rising to her dove-like eyes. ''There were hot cakes in the library,' says Mrs. Daryl, who has seated herself at the table, and is plainly waiting for her tea. ' 'Couldn't we have them in here. I'm certain the children would like them. Eh?'' She pulls May towards her. Fat little May is not proof against this pro- mising offer. ''I should,'' she says shyly. She is staring at Mrs. Billy with her finger in her mouth, so docs not see the con- centrated glances of wrath showered upon her by the entire family. ''Good child !'' laughs Mrs. Daryl. At this moment Billy crosses the threshold. ''Billy, this little sister wants the hot cakes in the library,'' says his wife, looking up at him. And after half an hour or so Blanche and May are at last dismissed for the night with as many scones on their conscience as size will permit. The new comers follow them very shortly — Mrs. Daryl having at last confessed to a slight sense of fatigue. She bids them all good-night in an airy, cheery fashion, and leaves the room, in spite of the tired sensation to which she has acknowledged, in a breezy, energetic fashion, suggestive of a mind that governs the slight body and is not easily to be subdued. As she goes the storm bursts. ''Well '.' says Peter, when the last sound of their foot- steps has ceased upon the air, "well, I never !'' He might have said more. He could never have said anything that conveys so expressively to his listeners the real state of his feelings. ''It isn't well. It is ill,'' retorts Margery. ''I— it is disgraceful. She is determined to sit upon us.'' ''She'll have something to do then, that's one comfort,'' exclaims Angelica hysterically. ''And, she can't do it all at once either, there's such a lot of us.'' ''Don't be a fool ! ' says Peter, who is in no humour for jokes. "Peter, don't be rude to Angelica,'' interposes Margery, indignantly, whose nerves are by this so highly strung that she feels it a necessity to quarrel with somebody. ''Who's rude ?'' demands Peter. '' I only advised her very gently not to jest on solemn subjects.'' ''Very gently ! You told her not to be a fool.'' ''Well! Would you have me tell her to be a fool? You're all fools together, it strikes me. There isn't a grain of sense in any girl born.'' ''I say, look here ! Have it out to-morrow, you two,'' cries Dick, ''but let us discuss the new Madam now, as she no doubt is discussing us at this moment.'' ''That is, most unfavourably.'' ''She is no doubt abusing us like a pickpocket,'' mutters Peter, dejectedly. ''She is arranging with Billy for our immediate dis- missal, without a character, having paid all wages due.'' ''Perhaps after all we weren't very nice to her,'' says Angelica, doubtfully. ''What's the good of being nice? In books they always do the correct thing at first, and get kicked out afterwards for their pains. I've read a lot about people in law. We have done the incorrect thing, and we shall be kicked out too, but we shall carry our self -respect with us.'' "That's about all,'' puts in Dick grimly. "She is— didn't anyone think her eyes lovely?'' hazards Angelica. ''And her hands very small. Small as Muriel's.' ''No one,'' declares Margery shortly. ''Come, let us go to bed and forget our misfortunes for a time if we can.'' ******* Meantime another scene is taking place in the room over their heads. ''After all, Billy,' says Mrs. Daryl with a jolly little laugh as she closes the bedroom door firmly behind her, ''you were wrong. They didn't fall in love with me at first sight. You are a fake prophet.'' ''They — they were a little queer, eh ?" returns Billy, thoughtfully. ' I noticed it. But you mustn't mind that, you know. It'll wear off, and — and, when they come to know you and understand you, there won't be a difficulty anywhere.'' "It is natural, I suppose,'' muses Mrs. Daryl gravely. ''They must look upon me as a female Jacob. A sup- planter, a usurper.' ''They mustn't be allowed to harbour that thought," says her husband, turning quickly towards her;'' you are mistress here. The house is yours.'' Some sudden remembrance checks him here, and drives the colour to his cheek. ''A barren possession,'' he says, laving his kindly brown hand on hers, ''I wish there was something in it worth your acceptance.'' ''It seems to me there is a good deal in it.'' A second little laugh breaks from her. Daryl looks at her anxiously. ''Too much you think, perhaps?'' he says, a quick shade falling into his eyes. For just the moment it takes her to read his thoughts she does not answer him ; then, ''So that is what you are thinking !'' she decides at last. 'Have I deserved it, Billy? I tell you, you are wrong— all wrong. Tho very spirit they displayed warmed my heart to them as no silly untried tenderness would have done. Had they thrown themselves into my arms, and affected a sudden love for me, I should have been trouble- som?, perhaps,'' with a little grimace; ''but now! Why they seem to be real grit all through, and I'll stand to them for it, and make them like me, before I'm done with them.'' ''That's my dear girl,'' says Mr. Daryl. ''How they withdrew from me ! Did you notice that boy with the big eyes ? How distrustfully he let them rest on me? I shall take him for a ride to- morrow, and bring him home my slave.'' ''They will all be your slaves in a month or so." ''A month !'' Mrs. Billy gazes at him earnestly as one might who is filled with surprise.'' How you underrate my abilities,'' she says at last gaily. ''Be warned in time. Before to-morrow night I shall be not only tole- rated, but warmly accepted by every member of this house- hold!' CHAPTER III. The drying up a single tear has more Of honest fame than shedding tears of gore. She was as good as her word. By the next evening they have all learned to smile upon her, by the end of the third week they have all learned to positively court her society, which is fresh to the last degree. Yet still they are a little awkward with her, and a little uncertain as to her ulterior designs for their welfare. As for Mrs. Billy, she is very well pleased with herself so far, and with her growing relations with them, and having no special designs in view does not trouble herself to invent any. One day, towards the end of this first eventful three weeks, she walks into the schoolroom rather aimlessly, to find Margery there and the children. ''You here, Margery? Why, what are you doing?'' asks she. She is dressed in a pretty white gown of some soft, warm material, the days being still a little chilly, and is looking cool, and fresh, and radiant. Margery, on the contrary, has a rather crushed appearance, and is distinctly warm and openly miserable. ''Teaching the children,'' she answers shortly. ''Ah !' says Mrs. Daryl, surveying the hot cheeks of the three with evident surprise. Blanche, it appears to her, is full of tears; May just bereft of them; Margery herself seems on the very brink of them. ''What on earth are you doing it for ?'' asks Mrs. Daryl slowly. ''Because, however poor they may be, they must not grow up altogether savages,'' returns Margery' with some sharpness. Her irritation has not arisen out of the presence of her sister-in-law, but is rather due to an extreme ex- haustion born of a long and fruitless argument with the twins, who have obstinately declined to take to heart the fact that twelve and nine make 21. Perhaps Mrs. Daryl grasps the truth of the situation, because the amiability of her demeanour is undiminished as she sinks into a chair by the table and settles herself, Parisian robe and all, to busi- ness. ''Here. Give one of them to me,'' she says, briskly. ''To teach ? '' asks Meg, aghast. "To try and knock something into her brain. It's the same thing, eh ? But to judge by you I should say it was no mean task. Give me Blanche. I expect she knows con- siderably more than I do, but with the help of a book I'll go in and win.'' ''Oh, no, indeed you mustn't. You haven't an idea what a worry it is. Billy won't like you to do it,'' says Margery, anxiously. ''Billy always likes just what I like.'' ''You will hate it.'' ''If I do I'll stop,'' says Mrs. Billy imperturbably. And Margery, conquered, passes her over Blanche, and once more returns to the disturbed argument with May. Five, ten, twenty minutes go by, with only a dismal sob or two, and a dull monotone, or perhaps a dismal blowing of the nose, to break their deep serenity. Then suddenly, all at once, as it were, an awful disturbance takes place. Mrs. Billy has, without a moment's warning, flung her book into the fireplace, and has risen impetuously to her feet. Her fine eyes are flashing, her checks crimson. ''She ought to be killed— that child !'' she cries, pointing to the terrified May. ''She ought to be exterminated before the world is made aware of her. She has no more brain than a — a fly.'' ''May!' exclaims Margery, glancing reproachfully at the trembling culprit. Then some inward force compels her to defend the little sister who is staring at her implor- ingly with quivering lips. ''Usually she is a very good child,'' she says, holding out her hand to May. ''Good. Good !'' cries Mrs. Daryl, indignantly. ''Then tell me, will you, why it is she will persist in bounding Europe on the north by the Mediterranean Sea? I warn you she is dangerous. She would turn the world upside down !'' Then in a moment the anger vanishes, and she lifts her hands to her head, and breaks into a fit of the gayest, the most uncontrollable laughter. ''I wonder when I was in a passion- before,'' she says. ''How it relieves one. The worst of it is it doesn't last long enough with me ; I don't get the good out of it. It evaporates before I'm done with it. Say, children, wouldn't you like a run ? It's a most blessed afternoon. It's a positive sin to be indoors, I think. And as for Europe, I don't quite see that I should cry over it, even if the Mediterranean did sit on its head.'' ''I suppose they ought to get through the lessons they have prepared,'' begins Margery, doubtfully. ''So they have; every one of them, because they haven't prepared any. And from this hour out I fancy I know what we'll do. Our tempers wouldn't last through much of this sort of thing'' — rapping the lesson books—''so we'll pay some poor soul to lose her temper for us.'' '' You mean ? -'' '' I mean a governess.'' ''You must not think of that,'' cries Margery, colouring hotly. 'We must not put you to that expense. My time is my own ; I have literally nothing to do.'' ''Quite as it should be with a pretty girl,'' interrupts Mrs. Daryl, quickly. ''Ah! experience has taught me that.'' ''With so much- time on my hands,' persists Margery, ''I feel I can do nothing better than teach the children and - '' ''Learn to curse fate,'' interposes Mrs. Daryl, with her merry laugh. ''Not a bit of it ! Not while I'm here ! A governess it shall be, and the children, believe me, will learn as much from her in one month as they do from you in six. We'll get an old maid, and make her very comfort- able, poor thing.'' ''But-" ''Not a word. Do you think I could sit still, or go out riding, and know you were ruining your constitution with such scenes as I have just gone through ? Tut ! What do you take me for? Come,' changing her tone again as if the subject is over and done with for ever, "I want you to show me the rooms in the west wing. They are all out of order, Billy says ; but that's what I like, it gives one scope for one's imagination. It permits one to give the reins to one's own taste in the matter of paint and gimcracks. Come!" She slips her arm through Margery's, and the girl goes with her a step or two. There is indeed no gainsaying her. Then all at once Margery stops as if to argue the point anew, and Mrs. Daryl, glancing at her, sees that her eyes are full of unshed tears. ''Too much geography, grammar, and sums, and far too much gratitude,'' thinks she, swiftly. ''Pondering on the children still ?'' she says, smiling. Then she glances back over her shoulder at the twins, who are sitting disconsolately in their seats, chilled by the consciousness of having signally disgraced themselves in the late encounter. ''Get on your feet, you two,'' she commands gaily, "and pick me a bunch of daffodils for my room. And I'll tell you what,'' beckoning them closer to her. ''From this day you shall have a whole month of pure and lovely idleness whilst I look north and south and east and west for the dragon I'm preparing for you.'' She laughs so pleasantly at this threat that the twins catch the infection of her mirth, and laugh too, and are indeed so delighted with her and the promised emancipation from the hated studies that their equanimity is quite restored. Can she, does she mean it? A month, mind you. A whole long splendid month of delicious idleness, with nothing on earth to do but to hunt at will the wily butter fly ! Oh ! what an angel in disguise their enemy has become. They rise from their scats. Simultaneously, involun- tarily, they clasp hands. They draw near. ''Is it true ?'' cry they in one breath. ''As true as that you are both the very prettiest pair o dunces.'' Mrs. Billy, having given voice to this medicated assur- ance, draws back, and, providentially in time, supports her- self against the ancient bookcase that for generations has shown itself proof against the severest onslaughts. This enables her to receive the shock of two small bodies flung convulsively and without warning upon her breast, with at least a show of valour. ''Oh !'' gasps May, hysterically, clinging to her, ''wasn't it a good thing for us that you married Billy !'' ''Flight, however ignominious, means life,'' gasps Mrs. Billy; "so here goes?'' She tears herself away from the grateful twins, seizes Margery's wrist, and with her escapes into the cooler hall outside. ''Now, come and show me the uninhabited parts — the rooms where the ghosts work,'' she says gaily, springing up the beautiful old staircase two steps at a time. ''Only there isn't anything so decent as a spirit,'' returns Margery, following her swiftly. ''A sell, isn't it? It is just the sort of rambling old tenement that should possess a gentleman with his head tucked well beneath his arm. But, alas, he has never turned up. Mean of him, I call it.'' In truth, it is a very picturesque old mansion, though sadly out of repair, with a queer, dusky hall of huge di- mensions. A hall full of ancient cupboards and a big fire- place where the traditionary ox might have been roasted whole — almost. The mantelpiece rises to the very ceiling, which is vaulted, and both are so black with age that it is impossible at a first glance to pick out and piece together properly the carvings on the former. Doors lead off this hall to right and left, and two long corridors shrouded by moth-eaten curtains are dimly suggested. Mrs. Billy is openly pleased with everything. Standing on the top or the quaint staircase, as broad as it is shallow in steps, she looks down into the gloom beneath her, and seems enraptured. ''It only' wants a word here, a touch there,'' she murmurs, casting a glance full of artistic appreciation around. ''A prince might be proud of such a hall as that.'' ''It wants considerably more than a touch,'' says Mar- gery, who after all is accustomed to the beauty of it, and is not carried away by its charm. To her the chairs, the antlers, the tables are all only so much lumber; and, indeed, the entire furniture throughout the house is old, not to say crumbly. ''Well, it shall have it,'' answers Mrs. Daryl. ''It is worthy of all care and consideration.'' She turns, and they continue their way, peering into this room, peeping into that, to find them all dilapidated and shorn of decorations of all sorts, the finances of the two last generations having been found very insufficient when applied to the keeping up of so large a house. The Daryls for the past two centuries had apparently taken for their motto, "Love and the world well lost,'' their beautiful wives bringing nothing but their fair faces and a stainless ancestry to the empty coffers of their husbands. It had not been Billy's fault that he had been false to the creed of his ancestors. He had loved, and had wooed and won his sweetheart when she was without a penny in the world; and does not, because he could not, love her a whit the more to- day in that she is an heiress to a rather fabulous extent. ''Take care,'' cries Margery, suddenly, ''a step leads down into this room. It takes one unawares as a rule. But I want you to see this room of all others. The view from it is bo perfect, and the windows so quant.'' ''Oh!'' cries Mrs. Billy as she steps into it, with an admiration in her tone that leaves nothing to be desired. ''What a jolly little room.' She looks round her. ''Quite a mediaeval little affair. It is a trifle too much for me, I confess, but you'' — glancing at Margery kindly — ''you like it,eh?" ''Like it ! It is an ideal thing — a rugged poem !'' cries Margery. Then she checks herself, and looks in a puzzled way at her sister-in-law. ''You who have such a fine ap= preciation of the really good, why do you disparage it?'' she asks, slowly ''I thought of it all last night as a thing just suited for you, as a retirement — a retreat — a pet place to receive your favourites. It was a matter of covet- ousness to myself many a time, but you see it would be thrown away without its suitable adornments. Everything should be of its own time.' ' ''Except its mistress,'' interrupts Mrs. Daryl, with a light laugh.'' That's the flaw in the present aesthetic run of thought. We can't produce a real chatelaine. We can't bring back a dame, severely Saxon, artistically pure, from, the nauseous grave. And all the high art gowns in the world don't seem to me to do it. One can see nineteenth century training all through the puffs and wigs and pensive poses.'' ''You are a sceptic,'' says Margery, laughing. ''A Philistine, you mean. In some ways, yes. Exag- geration, don't you see,is odious to me." Here she laughs gaily in unison with her companion. ''Tell you what, Meg,'' she says, ''this room shall be yours. I'll have it done up for you, and you shall choose every stick for your- self. You are Miss Daryl, you see, and proper respect must be shown you. The schoolroom will do for the chil- dren well enough. It is comfortable, and there is some- thing quaint about the tables and chairs, and the very ink- stains of it. But the boys, I think, should have a den of their own. Of their very own, eh? A sort of snuggery where they might knock around at will, and no one have the right to scold them for untidyness, eh? '' There is something remarkably cheery in the way she has of saying that frequent ''eh ?' Some thought grow- ing within the mind of Margery renders her dumb. ''Well ? Why don't you speak, eh ? And why do you look at me like that ? with such solemn eyes ? '' ''I was just thinking,'' the words coming from her slowly, ' 'That there are few women who could have come as mistress to a strange house and have adopted an uncon- scionable number of useless people in the sweet spirit that you have done ! — Why what arc we to you ?'' cries the girl, coming more into the sunlight and spreading out her hands as if in protest. ' An encumbrance, a worry, beings of no moment at all in the life that is just beginning for you. Yet it seems as though you had made up your mind to us — to ? '' ''Look here ! If you only knew !'' interposes Mrs. Billy. She seats herself with very rash promptness upon a moth devoured seat in one of the windows, and pulls the girl down beside her. There is a secret nobility about this seat in that, though it totters to its fall, it makes one last effort and manages to keep erect for still another half -hour. How could it upset so charming a cargo ? ''Don't you get it into your silly old noddle,'' said Mrs. Billy, who takes no thought for her language, ''that I'm making sacrifices for my husband's people, or anything of that sort. It would be a downright fraud if you brought your mind to that, l'm delighted— glad — thankful to have you all here. Taken that in eh? Delighted — see? I have been so long left alone, with only two old frowzy people to stare at day after day — fossils who wore always on the very brink of the grave, but who wouldn't go into it— that the sound of the laughter that comes from all you girls and boys is, I consider, grand ; the very sweetest music. Taken all that in ? Why, that's right'' ''But— to be never alone with Billy ?" ''There isn't a 'but' in the whole of it, I defy you to find one, my good child,' interrupts this energetic young woman, promptly. ''If you think I'm the sort to be miserable unless my husband is in my sight all day or I in his you've made a mistake, that's all. I'm not of the sickly sentimental order by any means. Yet,'' glancing swiftly at Margery, ''you know that I love Billy with all my heart and soul eh?'' ''Yes,'' gravely. ''I know it.'' ''I should, you know. He rescued me from a very slough of despond. He was the first bright thing I had come in contact with. I can tell you I rubbed myself against him vigorously, and sparks was the result ! He was charming to me, he treated me as though I were really a young girl, and not a mere beast of burden — a sort of superior upper servant — a being a degree better than Martha in that I did not misplace my h's, and could sit in a drawing-room without looking awkward He came. He loved me ; poor, dependent as I was. And he is one of you ! Do I not owe you love for his love ?'' ''Your life was miserable?'' asks Margery, bending eagerly towards her. ''Monotony is the worst of all miseries to some natures. They were not absolutely unkind, but I felt 'cribbM, i -a&btM;* oonfinM* every moment of my day. Oh! the horrible readings aloud to that old man until my throat was sore! the eternal windings of that old woman's steSaaJ I wonder I never gave way to my inner Y-w*«p&*$s~ that I abstained from murder or suicide; I was almost at the end of my patience I can tell you when Billy came upon the scene. 'Well, you know all that. And he lived me at once, somehow ; all in a moment as it were — just as I loved him.'' "That is the true way.'' '' Yes— isn't it? What a nice girl you are, Margery !— And I hadn't a single halfpenny then, so he must have meant all be said, eh I like to dwell on that; it makes me feel right down proud, somehow; but you mustn't mind me. Then the old general died, and somebody found out I was his nearest of skin— kin— what is it? And all at once I became not only an heiress, but an enormous one.'' ''Not so very enormous,' says Meg, smiling and point- ing meaningly to the little rounded thing talking so fluently. ''Eh? oh, no ! Of course not in that way, But it was all like a fairy tale, wasn't it,_now ? The night it was finally settled and my claim to the money established beyond a doubt, I laughed in my bed I can tell you when I thought of how comfortable I could make my Billy.'' ''Then?'' ''Then we got married. I quitted for ever the shade. I rushed headlong into the sunshine. Billy and I dawdled about a good deal in Paris and Brussels, but the first glimpse of home 1 had ever had in all my life was on the night I arrived here.'' Involuntarily, at this, Margery winces, but evidently there is no arricre pensee in Mrs. Billy's conversa- tion. ' 'You all met me. You are, therefore, bound up in my first impression of what home means. You were a continuation of the sunshine that had come to me with Billy. This old house, all of you, everything, seems blended into one sweet satisfactory whole. I couldn't bear to be in an empty house. To confess a truth to you,'' says Mrs. Daryl bending forward, ''I love noise ! Taken all that to heart ?" ''Then it only remains for you to take me there, too '.' says Mrs. Billy, smiling. Margery, driven to a sudden impulse, turns to her and flings her arms round her. {To be continued.} 