ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [Br Tie Guosr.ý The debate on the address in reply to the Governor's speech has dragged its slow length through another week, although had the Ministry possessed the requisite courage and firmness, the tide of talk might have been stemmed on Wednesday evening. As the Opposition have announced their intention of not tabling any adverse amend ment, Mr. Gillies doubtless thinks itpolitic to allow his opponents the opportunity of pointing out the weak spots in the Minister ial armour, and exhausting their supply of blank ammunition. One or two side issues were raised during the debate in the Assembly, and the last has evidently not been heard of the "gristing in bond" business, which really involves a question of pplicy, and may yet cause the Govern ment a good deal of trouble. Mr. Buot and his friends have by this time found out that any effort to displace the Govemnosent is just at present premature, and that it will be wiser to bide their time, when the lack of ability of the Premier in discovering the drift of popular opinon, and his blundering obstinacy, will give the gentlemen to Mr. Speaker's left the longed for opportunity of occupying the Treasury benches. The debuate has had the effect of rendering two facts plain. The first is that among the gentlemen sitting behind them (the Government) are simply "candid friends," owning no allegiance to. the Ministry, and the second, that the Opposition numbers in its ranks the most influential and powerful debaters in Parliament, includ ing a large proportion of ox-Ministers of the Crown. UEder these circumstances the Gillico-Deakin combination, despite the assistance of the metropolitan Press, can hardly orpect a lengthened tenure of ofies. It is already quite plain that even the very meagre programme set out in the Governor's speech will not be carried out, even should the Government be able. to hold its own during the session and struggle into recess. The irrigation measure will occupy a large part of the time of Parliament, and the remainder will be fully occupied in undoing the work of the preceding session by amending the Fac tories and Workshops and the Licensing Acts. The short experience of these measures has shown that they are tyran nical in their provisions, and utterly un suited even to achievo the ends their pro moters had in view. Like marriage,which the proverb tells us if undertaken in haste is repented of at leisure,law-making should be deliberately carried out. The neglect of this precaution will necessitate the undoing of a large amount of work "scamped " during the last Parliament However, honourable members will now have the light of experience to guide thi4i, and experience should ever teach' the people's representatives that it is not always wise to give way to the wishes of "faddists" and reformers, who would fain make all the world virtuous by act of Par liament, and rendor everybody rich and happy by Custom-house regulations. Mr. David Gaunson, the chosen repre sentativeof South Melbourne, maynot,per haps, be a model member of Parliament, bit te is assuredly a very 'cute lawyer. Io hsas raised a point in connection with a recent Police Court prosecution of pub licans for an infringement 'of the act, which, unless the law is allowed to become a dead letter, will necessitiAte its amend ment, and with the experience the general public and 'thb licensed victuallers have gained of the vexatious provisions of this 'nost recentespecimen of " grandmotherly " legislation, it will be a matter for regret if the act while being "improved" is not im proved, off the Statuto Book. Even the most rabid of teetotalers in their wildest dreams can hardly have anticipated the. vexatious annoyance the measure has caused and is causing, and should be glad of. the opportunity afforded them of re Itracing their steps and framing a. law twhich, while checking the too'prevsiling sin of drunkenness, will not unduly inter forn with the rights of property or the individual liberty of the subject. Denied the use of the Melbourne Town Hall, the advocates of Home Rule in Ire land hlave held an open air meeting, which mitst be pronounced a success. Resolutions were tinanimously agreed to thanking Mr. Gladstone for his effort to maintain the unity of the Empire, and expressing ap proval of his policy and a hope that it would be endorsed by the constituencies at the forthcoming general election. The imton'so gathering was presided over by Sir Dyran O'Loghlen, sihoao tone . was moderate though firm, and all the speakers imitated the moderation of the chairman. To a people enjoying, as do the Vic torians, the blessings of self-govern tont, it appears but a bare act of justice that the boon should be extended to her Majesty's subjects in all portions of lerr dominions. If Mr. Gladstone is wise, and frames his measure for self rule in Ireland on those in operation in Australia, lie will doubtless be able to carry out his desire of putting an end to the system of government by Coercion Bills, which has too long obtained in the case of Ireland. The matter only requires to be properly understood by the English people in order to ensure its adoption at the hustings and subsequent carrying into law. Mr. Murray Smith, our returned Agent General, has been welcomed on his return by the citizens of Melbourne. The banquet at the Town Hall was in every way worthy of the occasion. All the high ofilcials of the colony, and most of its prominent representative men, attended to do honour to our " ambassador," and Mr. Smith's reply to the toast of his health was although sneered at by a section of the Melbourne Press-in every way worthy of the guest of the evening. Mr. Murray Smith took no credit to himself for his action in regard to the successful floating of the Victorian loan, the Now Hebrides, or any other of the matters in which he bad so well served the colonies; nor did be in any way allude to the way in which he had been jockeyed out of the position in order that Mr. Berry might be appointed. If all Victorian politicians were as oblivious of self as our late Agent-Goncral, the tone of our public men would be vastly improved, and Parliament be looked up to as the true embodiment of the wisdom of the nation. The sooner Mr. Murray Saiith re-enters the Assembly the better. Although gusitded in his utter ances, he. said enough to lot it be understood that on, his return to political life he would east' in his lot with the Opposition. 