| THE ROMAN CATHOLIC VIEW OF THE 1 WORLD BEYOND THE GRAVE. 1 Somo cloudiness exists about the doctrine of 1 purgatory hold by tho Roman Catholic Church. ,.Tiw following address, delivered at tho oponing of tjre now . mortuary, Sydney, gives a capital idea of it: ' Fathor Lo Rennotol announcod as his toxt : 'It is ' u holy and a wholesomo thought to pray for the dead that thoy may bo loosed from their sins' (Muccaboes, ciiupbuiiw -«'«;, ? ? — ? -Jas follows: — You havo como bore to»dny to mako aB juctof faith, to maniftst your praclicnl betiof in one jof tho articles of tho Apostles' Crood, to show exteri jorily yourbolief in the communion of saints and in ; Stho elficacy of prayor. For of what use would it bo ^for you to build a house of prayor here over tho dead ; iuuloss you boliovod in the existpnco not only of heaven and boll, but of a middlo fctato boyondtho gravo.and Unless tho promptings of your hearts and consciences i ^told you that it was 'holy and wholesome' to pray for ? jtho dead that thoy may be freed from their sufferings. ^ Tho words of Holy Scripluro I havo just quoted are k omploytd by tho church to remind hor children that k beyond tho tomb thoy may have frionds, and dear ones [ « ? friends* who may bo in tho tormont and trial of the f cloansing fires of purgatory, and who might otherwise [ - bo forgottou by thoso who havo powor on earth to mako i intorcos-ion on their behalf. Tho questions are often ; asked by our separated brethron : ' Is thore Mich a ' placo as puraatory, and what is it?' It is not my v intontion to prove thoro is such a place. If I wanted to do so I could call iu as my authorities first tho ? Holy Seripturos, and thon the j-reat doctors of tho ? church. If 1 wanted to support tho argumonts and i proofs of tho great lights of Christendom, of Sr. ? Thoipas, St. Apibroso, St. Augu-tine, and St. Gregory, I would press into my service tfoo unanimous voice of ~ the wholo Catholic world. Tho faith and the devo tion of Catholic nations for successive centuries, the ? ' unqualified unquestioning and unshaken belief of mil '!? lions of men and women surely add weight and value : to tho teaching of tho church in regard to the middle stato of souls. But putting Catholicity, its doctrines and practices aside, and going farther back in the '?* world's history, have we not eron the Pagan voicer, % havo wo not Plato, Virail, and Homer and other philo ; pophers doclaring their belief in this rogard in a man \ nerdi/Torfng' tit-tip from tho dpctrjno of the church? ^ Yes, all theso authorities, ancient ftud piodorn, Pagan J and Christian, proclaim that thoro is a placo of pun 1 ishmont where somo souls must bo purified beforo they appear in tho presence of God. If I opened the j holy books thoy would certainly answer mo-— there is j a purgatory. This tenet of our church, this belief of 5 humanity is written in glowing characters iu many \- pages of the inspirod Scriptures. Our Lord, after ?? healing a man whjo was possessed by the devil, had to ?j reproach tho Phariseos witii their incredulity and ob '}] sifnacy, and ho said to them : 'Ho that thall speak ; against tho Holy Ghost, it shall not bo forgiven him, ? : neither in this world nor in tho world to come.' From this it is clear that sins aro forgiven in tho next world; ; but as sin is not admittod into hcavon, and as it is 5 not forgiven in hell, it follows, thorofore, from tho 1 testimony of uocrpatod truth, that thoro is a middle at&to; in whicli sins arp forgfven. This jpjddlo stnto' i we call purgatory. The peuitout tliief on tho cross ? said to our Blessed Redpomor: 'Lord, remorabor mo }; whon Tbou shalt come into Thy kingdom.' And £ jesqs said'to him J f And Isny to thee, this day thou ? ahalt bp with Mo jn p^radiso.' That our Lord did I Itiot moan heaven by paradiso js evident from what ho ?fsaid to Mary Magdalen tho day of His resurrection, Ijthreo days after uttor.'ng those remarkable words : JjjPo not touch, for t havo not yet ascended to my %?ithor.' St. Petpr rpmincjs ^sof Jihat d^ctrino when -me said r ' Christ djed once for our tins— bplng put '^to death.. in the* ljosh, but brought, to lifo by the spirit, in which ul*o ho camo and preached -to those spirits who were in prison,' These words clearly a-:ain indicate thoro was a ?^prison m whicli tlio souls of the fuithful i;were imprisoned whon Christ preached deliverance. ' ??St. Paul preached tho same dogma v hen ho said that i ~|omo shall be saved, but, 'so as by fire.' It must be :':|cmQmbored that tbo Catholic church did not priginate =?4he belief in the existence 'of Purgatory. Wp find 'Jt indicated and clcarly defiucd in the OldTestamont .^fter fighting a battle for tho Independence- of«rhiB ^country, Judas Maccabaeus ''making a gathering, sent '32,000 drachms of silver to Jerusalem for satnfice to '.^o offered' for tho sins of thd'.dead. . , It 'is, -'-Atnoroioro, a noiy ana a wnoiesome inougnc to pray ' ?/for the dead that they may be loosed from t heir sins.' ?;Now, whether you admit the books of tho Maccabees ^.o bo inBpirefi writings, or accept them as mo:ely historical, it will u6t' alter the fact' thus sot' forth, fttbat the Jews not only believed' in purgatory, but ^prayed for their dead. But apart from scriptural or ^Ihistorical authorities, this boliof is supported by tho -Il)Dliosl and (enderest sentjjpentsof oup pat^rp. It is ^pot a pleasing thought to imagino some lovod one ^sufforing pain in expiation of unatoned sins ; bnt, on ^the other hand, what more beautiful or more noble ;|jthan a sympathetic soul on earth offering prayer in ^pioty and charity to the throno of tho Most High for ^omo ono who had passed away to the great eternity, itfhey wero not msch out of the way thoso who styled irj^urgatory a transitory kind of hell, because tho prin cipal pains of the damned are to be found there, with Ijthis onl^ difference, that in hell the pains are eternal, ^whilst in purgatory they are only transitory and fleeting, What can thoso poor souls do but moan and |puffer? It is' hard enough for us 'poor wauderors in ':«thls volley of tears to bo separated for a fow days $rom tho dear ones to whopi wp have given hospitality ~J;n tho sanctuary of our loye. We thjnk of them, wo tfdreapi of the^i. Their thought is always liko a 'Sleeting cloud hanging about us. Their absence pours kind of sadnpss oyer our greatest rejoicings und Iktronbles, our very hours of rest. How terrible the ^torture and tho anguish of the suffering souW. Poor : Jexiles. whon will they reach thoir home, poor orphans Iwhen will thoy see their father! They aro severed ;|from everything, they havo no ono to condole with %them. How unspeakably cruel to the dead, how rjj humiliating to ourselves is ' our negloct and ^forgetfulness ofour sacred obligations ) Surely it is ? snot Christian, it is not human, to mako our motto: Out of sight out of mind T 'Pray for me when I \ |am gone.'Vis the Jast rc^upst of- t^e dying pian to Ithose nearest aiid dearest to hini and the fulfilment P'pf this sacred offico of love, affection aud gratitude n affurds to the living a consolatiou greater and a giati* i- plication more intense than ull ordinary forms of 0 [/pleasure, while to the departed seul the pious prayers 1 Of a loving heart to heaven aro precious and beneficent . . fceyoud all expregflion. Lot us not forget that the d : iuuls m Purgatory are utterly helpless. They cannot d ;\fulp themselvosi and 'th'ey hold out^hoir hands to us n vin supplication and call on:us to aid their- release by .'j. ' -Ouc prayers.' In Pnrgatory'the poor souls may shed . .tuaraof fire; they may address to the Almighty **? sprayers of love. f^hpy ciinpot advanc'p by ap ho\ir, by iu second, tho foment of thejs deliveranco. V Qti !' all in !-|/-f you who pass by the way attend and seo if there is up sorrow likp to that sorrow?' And wp on earth— * *manv of us careless and indifferent—' we mass on our aiway and wo forget that thoro ape hands stretched to ?jwarus us askinc; for assistance. And who aro they bwith thoso souls who cry out to us ? They hre the IbouIs of mon,aud it is enough to oxcito our compassien» ^But, moreover, , they are tho souls of our friends, of four relatives, of our brothorp, by faith and by blood. ,^orgivo me if I reopen thoso wounds that are still half |liGaled, ifI speak of the doa; one y/.u have partod ^with ; it is but to mako you to como to their help and l^pray and suffer for then). Do you nofrpcogniso their fffojees ? It is the voice of ybur father ^vhom yoi* |tried by all available means to keep in the rnitist of iwo^i. It is the voice of your sister,' who was th9 charqi, «hie consojationlqf'your Jifp, ' It |s the voice qf one Vwbo, perhaps, through weakness and too great an .pffectiontuwardsyou, fell into sin. If thejr are in ^those flamos, it is because of you. Listen, listen to it!lw'p aUD^lications, ' Have pity on me— you at leaBt who aro my irisnds j have pity on me, yOii my Biater, you my brother, you my son, you my daughter !' Hun drpds jn the years to cojpe w|ll blpss ogr Qardina^ Archbishop for building t^isHouep of^God and ^bus inaking the restive placp (if tho deid holy and bpau tiful. Hero the Holy Sacrifice of tho Haas will be offorod, and hero ldviug souls will come to pray for tbo dear ones dead, but not forgotten. It will be a place of sacred sorrow and holy memories, and the ppayers and supplicatian offered in this chapel on behalf of tho seuls departed will come back from heaven in a shower of graces and blessings on ourselves. pp^ONE^i Bull Wheel, the editor of a P.eosyjvanpla ncw3|iapcrr t1ius' condoles w 1th the infant King orSpairi: u Our royal brother of Spain wlH'have'our sympathy the 1 coining fly-time.' Ho i9 bald headed, like oufeelvei, and ; n6t so used to fighting the tormentori.' - ? i ' . 