NOTES ON POPULAR SCIENCE. (Br Db. J. E. Tatlob, f.G.S., kc., Editob of "Scientific Gossip.") Among agriculturists possessed of genuine scientific tastes, there are few subjects re- j g&rded; with more interest than the relation of i free nitrogen to soils. The discovery that nitrification in soils was due to organisms whose activity can be arrested by chloroform, so that no nitrification takes place when their vitality is thus suspended, has made the in quiry more interesting tban ever. The French chemiBts have always distinguished them selves in researches relating to this subject, as everybody knows who has Btudied Profes sor Villa's work on artificial manures. Recently the attention of the French Academy has been directed to it. Messrs. Bertholet and Andre have been at work upon it for many years past Lately they have been con cerned in finding out some means of indicat ing the proportion of nitrificatory organisms in different Boils, and they conclude that some idea of their abundance may be formed by a quantitative analysis of the carbon enter ing into the constitution of their tissues. It is inferred generally that the analysis of the ammonia present in the Boils should be made without any dessication, and that arable land (when watered) tends continually to liberate the ammonia of the ammoni&cal; salts con tained in it The comet (Fabry's) continues to occupy the attention of astronomers M. Tripled, a French scientist, has been studying its spectrum, and he finds that in this comet, as in that of Encke's, there is a predominance of the gaseous elements on the one hand, while on the other its spectrum seems to show that the relative brightness of the nucleus bears 110 necessary relation to the degree of condensation of the cometory matter. Other French savants have been making experiments with a view to discovering the depth in the sea to which the Bun's rays penetrate. They conclude that at a depth of 300 metres the water is illuminated every day for the whole time the sun is above the horitson, but at 850 metres' depth the light penetrates for only eight hours daily. Even after sunset the chemical or actinic rays reach a considerable depth. The Indian Government are sending a mis sion to Thibet, which will leave Darjeeling at the end of May. The expedition will much through Sikkim, and cross the Jalepa Paas into Thibet to Lhaasa, thus passing over what ie known as the "roof of the world." Three well-known scientific men will accom pany It—Dr. Oldham (the geologist), Colonel Tanner (surveyor), and Dr. Cunningham as naturalist We shall therefore hear Borne interesting details of a practically unknown part of the world. There is a good time coming for public speakers and extempore preachers whose memories ate defective and who scorn to be seennsing notes. Many of them prefer the more gigantic labour of committing the entire speech or sermon to memory, if only they can be credited with being purely extempore speakers. Science has now come to their aid, and many en evangelical orator will henceforth be thankful be has not to live "white lies." Spectacles have been invented having microscopic transparencies fixed to them, so.that publicspeakers pan attach the heads -of their discourses,' which they can see and nobody da? can. Another novelty ia produced by silvering the inner edeea of spec tacles, so that objects ont of the direct field of vision may be seen by the wearer. Dr. C. V. Riley, the well-known American entomologist, has just'published an account of a carnivorous butterfly caterpillar. The occurrence of each an object Is a marvel in the entomological: world. The caterpillar is. the larva of a widely-distribiited North Ame rican and also Asian, species, Fmestca tar quinius. No other carnivorous caterpillar has hitherto been recorded. The caterpillar in question appears to feed wholly on aphides, or plant lice. The subject of deafness has been of late years discussed and inquired into with re markable keenness, and by none more than Dr. A. Graham Bell, of the United States. Latterly he has been investigating the an cestry of deaf people, with a view to finding out how far this affliction is inherited. The large number of cases he inquired into leave no doubt on the subject In two districts he investigated, where deafness is common, be found abundant evidences of heredity, and in the same families there was an unusual degree of blindness, insanity, aud deformity. In these districts there was alBo much con sanguinity, owing to the tendency to inter marriage among rural and sedentary popula 3\. Dr. Bell further found that the distribu tions. tion of deafness is closely related to the character of Boils, and that the afflicted people among the families he inquired into were almost entirely confined to districts with peculiar geological characters. A distinguished 1( rench savant^ A. deG&n; dolle, has also been engaged in researches relating to deafness ana deaf people, lie thinks the English language ib the least favourable of ail for spoken use among deaf mutes, as the movements of the lips are more often replaced by an accentuation or | intonation which does not produce any visible effect. The vowels are articulated less clearly than in other European lan guages ; they are also less sharply differen tiated. The French language hns very few words, such as de and croc, in which the lips do not take part in the pronounciation, while in English numerous sounds, as of n, th, and h, are formed almost wholly by the action of the tongue. This statement of Professor de Candolte is confirmed by the experience of intelligent deaf mutes. In reference to Dr. Bell's discovery of a race of deaf mutes in America, and the relationship of deafness to consanguinity Professor de Candolle declares that intermarriage between first cousins should be wholly prohibited. Professor Farlow, an American botanist, has just made known the characters of a vegetable parasite, a fungus which attacks the dried cod-fish of the American fisheries. Recently the French troops in Algiers were poisoned by eating dried cod-fish possessing a vermillion tint (which Is the colour of the fungus above mentioned), and the poisoning is now regarded as due to the parasite. Some authorities think the fnngus is spread by means of the salt used in drying, es it has been met with in prepared fiah in places as far asunder as New England, Denmark, and Algiers. Liquified carbonic acid gas is now being extensively used in Germany, and a Berlin company is supplying the market with it in wrought-iron bottles, weighing 161b., at the rate of Is. a pound. Krnpp is using it at his works at Essen as a means of exercising greater pressure on steel castings during soli dification, and also to remove the outer rings from condensed ordnance. Professor Gaudry, the distinguished French palaeontologist, lias just communicated the result of somevery important palaeontological discoveries in the comparatively barren Permian formation of Bohemia. Up to the I close of the carboniferous period trne reptiles can hardly be said to have come into existence. Amphibians (of which the frog and newt are modern examples) took their places. Unfortunately, popular zoology has long been in the habit of regarding amphi bians as "a sort of reptiles." In point of fact, amphibians are most nearly related to iisbes, and reptiles to birds. People were, as usual, deceived by external appearances. True reptiles came into existence in immense numbers, and underwent immense differen tiations during the secondary period, as every body knows. M. Gaudry's discovery consists in making known no fewer than 12 genera of fossil reptiles new to science, from the Permian formation alone. This formation may be truthfully regarded as linking the Primary and Secondary periods; that being the caBe it is most interesting, from the evo lution point of view, to know that these newly- discovered fossil reptiles are very largely of a character intermediate between the amphibians and true reptiles, being of small Bize and inferior development as com pared with those which swarmed during the Secondary period, a little later on in geo logical time. There is a remarkable article in the last number of Dr. Richardson's remarkable quarterly magazine. Tlte Asclepiad, which latter is written wholly by himself. This article is entitled "The Poverty of Wealth." It is not likely to be Tead by those who imagine that money is everything, because such people never read anything at all worth the name. But to thoughtful men and women, who do not waste their time iu posing as philanthropists, this well written paper touches the very core of modern life. Some of my readers will remember that a few years ago Mr. Grant Allen (a naturalist who, for originality of inventive power and keen observation, as well as lucidity of literary style, is unequalled at the present time) stated his opinion that the bright colours of insects had been evolved through their visiting equally bright-coloured flowers. He termed this "Physiological Aesthetics," and showed, also, that the most brightly coloured fishes were those which frequented living coral reefs, where the coral anemones vie with brilliant flowers in effect—that the most lovely birds were those which frequented flowers (as the South African Bun-birds, and the American humming- birds—to soy nothing of almost equally brightly-coloured fruit eating birds). To convey the moral to the insect world—and especially to the Lepidop tera—was vers* tempting. Grant Allen did it as the reader may find for himself in his most suggestive book above quoted. Now, technical scientists rather kick against what they call "popular science." They are apt to regard it with the same scornful disdain that the theo logians looked upon the popularisation of theology under Luther and Zwingler. More especially are they angry when spme popular author .like Grant Allen projects his brilliant theories tor the people, rather than for the patrician scientists. I am led to these re marks by the action of the London Entomo logical Society whose mind has recently been engaged inAenouuciqg, ex calltedrd, Grant Allen's "assertion" (he never "asserted" anything, but only suggested) that all brightly-coloured insects were flower-hunting species. One very learned authority (an F.R.S.) settled the matter hy declaring that "the colour in insects was to a great extent dependent upon the circulation of fluids in their wings r This is pretty much the same as if a botanist were to assert that the reason for the red dolour of a rose was the circu lation of red ntemeat in the aap of the petals! Bat how came the pigment to be red ? Sometimes it is yellow; bat we never find it blue. Why. is that ? One cannot be put off by the declaration that a rose is^ not blue because of the absence of bine pigment in the petals. That answer might do for a blind man, whose knowledge of colours was purely theoretical. A better and more sensible thing discussed at the same meeting was the remarkable and yet harmonious series of differentiations per ceptible in the colouration, &c;,, of a well known moth (cidaria immanata) from Kent, Surrey, Perthshire, the Isle of Man, Arran, the Orkneys, &c.; Professor Westwood—who is one of the old and conservative school of entomologists, to whom both natural selec tion and Darwinism are a delusion and a snare—stated that he had never before seen each a wonderful collection of varieties of a single species. I mention this because of the marvellous advantages which AiiHt.rflli.tn entomologists have over English, iu their much larger territory and even more widely different physical geographical conditions. If oar English entomologists are enabled-to contribute so much actual veritactory know ledge to the Origin of Species, by noting the variations which occur in the Bame species of insect in our British limited area, what ought not your Australian entomologists to find out concerning some common and wide-spread Anstralian species of moth or butterfly, if an elaborated and continuous series were to be collected over your large range of colonial geography and varying physical conditions ? Oar British Association is, I fear, nearly oh its last legs. The fact is, its work is over, It came into existence as a means for the advancement of science" before daily papers were known out of London, and when corobborees were held where the Melbourne Parliament-houses now stand. Railways, telegraphs, telephones, tramways, &c.;, were then undeveloped. The British Association helped them to the birth like unscientific wet nurse. Science was then regarded as only fit for old men. Young men could spend their time ever so much better at billiards or on the tnrf. The British Association made science both popular and welcome. It " sandwiched" balls, and dinners, and lunches with researches more attractive than they were wearisome. People must talk about something they don't understand, and science offered them a cheap and popular menu of intellectual dishes they could either digest or praise. At that time science was largely dependent on geographical conditions. (Some day the history of modern scientific discovery will be written, and I know of no more important contribution to the theories both of natural selection and evolution, it it is only written truthfully). Since railways covered the country, centres of scientific study and research have Bprung up in every large town. London has proved much easier of access. Consequently people who discover anything (or think they have) can get a hearing at once, either in their own town or in the metropolis. There is now no need for them to wait until the annual meet ing of the British Association takes place. It is on this account that I believe the latter to be dying out Its work is now better and quicker done. Already the society wbich modelled itself on the rules of the latter, and nearly Btole from it its name—the British Association for the Advancement of Social Science—has given up the ghost, and next week its library is advertised to be sold. The remarkable new sweetening agent (saccharine) whose discovery I announced a few weeks ago, has been largely engaging public attention. It appears to pass through the bodies of animals without any change, so that it is not likely to be used as food. It has been strongly recommended for sweeten ing the food of diabetic and gouty patients on this account A very interesting paper has just been read before the Geologists' Association by the well-known fossil botanist Mr. J. Starkie Gardner, on " The Evolution of the Grasses." As everybody is aware, these familiar types of vegetation are distributed all over the globe. About 3t000 species are known to science. One- third of Europe is occupied by them, and into Great Britain alone we im port about one hundred million sterling of their products alone. Mr. Gardner thinks that the grasses did not make any great development until the close of the eocene period. The miocene strata are in places crowded with their fossil remains. The teeth of the eocene herbivorous animals were evidently intended for crushing fruits, roots, &c;, rather than for browsing upon grass. Deer, horses, &c.;, came into distinct abun dance during the miocene period, when grasses also became so numerous. The remarkable new star which appeared so suddenly about the 17th of last August in the nebula of Andromeda, was observed at the Radcliffe Observatory, Oxford, up to the lOtb of December, when it had become re duced to a star of the fourteenth magnitude, and was only just discernible with a Tin. object glass. With a 26in. object glass Pro fessor Asaph Hall has been enabled to ob serve this Btar up to the 7th of last February, when it was barely visible, and was reduced to the sixteenth magnitude. An Irish astronomer, Mr. Monck, has promulgated a rather startling theory to account for the sudden appearance and disappearance of this and other similar stare. He holds that it is a swiftly moving star, which, in rushing through the nebula, has been set on fire. He holds that as shooting stars are known to be dark bodies rendered luminous for a short time by rusning through our atmosphere, so new stars are dark or faintly luminous bodies which acquire a short-lived brilliancy by rushing through some of the gaseous masses which exist in the depths of Bpace. A few years ago M. Laverau, a medical officer in the French army, described a blood parasite, which he never found except in the blood of persons suffering from malarial fevers. It was not found in the blood of healthy people, or even in that of persons suffering from other diseases. It disappeared from the blood under the action of quinine. Becently, Dr. Sternberg, an American scientist, has been studying the development of this same blood-parasite, and has written a long account of his researches in Science, accompanied with 28 illustrations, representing the changes which occur in one of the parasites contained within a red blood corpuscle. Dr. Sternberg is inclined to think the parasite is the cause of malaria, but the fact is not definitely settled. What is wanted is for somebody to work out the life hiBtory ' of the parasite, which has been provisionally named Plasmodium malaria}—there is nothing like giving a thing a long name! Two Italian pathologists, who have been working together at the same subject, report several cases in which they have been successful in producing characteristic attacks of malarial fever by' injecting into the blood circulation of persons! free from such -disease a small ambhnt of blood drawn from the vfilni m a' patient suffering from a malarial attack. In these cases the presence of the blood-p&rasite; was verified in the blood used fo r the inoculation, and subsequently in the blo-jdbfUf lated indi vidual when he wasselafefl < , fever resulting from the inoculation. 