THE ONE THING NEEDFUL BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Acdley's Sechf-i." fie. Chatter XVIII. — " Shali. we not Laegh, Shale we not Weet ?" Nerer had Lord Lashmar felt kss inclined to play the host than upon this particular even ing. lie was so thoroughly out of temper that it was an effort to liiiu to be even decently civil. Voices jarred upon his nerve?, truisms aud platitudes almost maddened him. and Mrs. Mtilciher's gentle nrosings about the Dado Society and the awakening of the love of the beautiful in the mind of the artisan, made him feel murderous. One relief, and one only, was afforded liitn. "Did you know that Mr. Ncstorius was going away, Lashmar ?" asked his mother in the five minutes before dinner. " No. l'ou don't mean to say that he is gone ?" Yes, he left an hour ago in time for the 8.15 from Bruinm. Ho sent me a hurried little note — business of State — something to do with the coming elections." "Ob. lie had had a telegram, no doubt. No, I bad no idea he was going io leave us." "lam dreadfully sorry," sighed Lady Car- minow. "He has been a little distrait lately, but at his best ho is quite the most delightful man in Europe." " That is a large order," said Lashmar. " l'ray, have you met all tho delightful Euro peans?" " I have met all the typical men," replied Clarice reprovingly ; " the men who are held up as examples — Parisians, Viennese, Belgians, Italians, Spaniards ; one meets tho best people of every nation, don't you know, in diplomatic society. I think I know all the men who have reputations, and not ono of them has the fascination of Ncstorius. It is a kind of glamor." "What a happy word!" exclaimed Mrs. Mulcibcr, " Yes, it is glamor." Everybody agreed that the word fitted Mr. Neslorious like a glove. It was by glamor that ho had secured majorities, wriggled him self out of difficulties, and led the British nation by tho nose; aud then they all went into dinner, and enjoyed ihcuiselves just as much as if the glamorist had been there. Lady Carminnw was on Lashmar's light hand as usual, but she found him a very disa greeable companion. "How tired you look 1" shosaid. "Tmafraid the ironworks worried you." "Not at all; the ironworks are delightful. I envy you the sense of power you must feel when you survey that army of blackened faces ; you must feel liko Zonobia before sho was con quered." " Zcnobia nover was beaten," interjected Lady Sophia, across the table. Sho never could bear a classical name without referring it io tho Raving Calendar. " She was one of the finest two-year-olds that Lord Zetland ever owned. Ho sold her to Count Legrnnge for a pot of money, on the strength of her New market successes, and sho won the Grand Prix the year after." Lady Lashmar retired soon after the ladies left the diningroom, and it was about (en o'clock when Lord Lushraar, on his way to the drawingroora, was startled by a tremendous riugiug of his mother's hell, a summons so vio lent that ho took fright and hurried at once to her ladyship's room, expecting to find her at tacked by some direful illness. Sho was not ill hut she was in a towering rage, and turned upon her offspring as a tigress on her cub. "Where is Stella ? " " 1 have not the faintest idea. Is sho not to ho found, that you inquire so vehemently." "Sho is not fo be found anywhere in this house. She was to have read to mo at half- post nine. It is the first time she has ever dis obeyed my orders. " "She is getting too grand to obey orders. Perhaps she has gone off with Mr. Ncstorius." " What do you mean ? " " Surely you have seen what has been going on under your eyes. Tho gentleman is im pressionable — tho lady artful. She has been trying to secure a wealthy husband. She has brought him to book, perhaps, and is off aud over tho border. Thoy cau be married before a registrar iu Brumni or in London to-morrow morning." " Ncstorius could not be such a madman." " Who knows. IIo would not bo the first to count the world well lost for love. If sho lias gone you may bo sure lie is concerned iu her departure. She would not have the pluck logo out iuto tho world atone — without tho slightest knowledge of life outsido theso walls — without friends or money. But is it so certain that she bus bolted ? She may be only outstaying hor limo with old Vomer, listening to some bookish twaddle." " We can very soon ascertain that," said her ladyship, striking the spring bell which sum moned her personal uitendants. Before it could he answered, Barber camo in with the latest intelligence. Stella had been seen to lcavo the Castle with a little carpet bag ; ono of the house maids had met her on the back staircase and had asked her where she was going. " Going away," sho had answered. "For a holiday?" "For over." Tho house maid had concluded that Miss Boldwood had been dismissed by her ladyship, and had not considered it , necessary to mention tho fact till she heard Barber making in quiries. " My servants are a regiment of fools," said Lady Lashmar- " Pray, at what hour did the house maid meet this girl ?" " A little before nine o'clock." " That will do for the present. Barber " — whereupon the patient Barber vanished. " Ncstorius left at seven, and was driven straight lo the station. Ho can have had nothing lo do with this girl's running away," said her ladyship. "Ho may have inspired it, may have planned lo meet her in London." " No Lasliuiar, Ncstorius is above all things n gentleman ; he would not wrong that girl even iu thought. He would not compro mise her by a scandalous elopement, or take a baso advantage of his residence in my house. You must think of some oue else." "There is no one else. It is horrihlo to think of that girl: alone, friendless, utterly ignorant of tho world, penniless, not knowing wilich way to turn for a meal." Ho had been savagely angry with Stella that afternoon, liad deemed no words too hard or loo bitter, had scorned her as a schemer and an adventuress of the lowest typo ; and now that she was gono from him, for ever perhaps, utterly beyond his reach, bo thought of her in her help lessness wilhMrangest, tenderest pity ; thought of her as a mother who had been led away by anger might think of a rebellious child ; piciared her in her ignorance of life, falling a prey to the sconn- drelism that lurks in great cities, to the traps and snares set for innocent feet. " We must have been infernally cruel to her," he exclaimed, " that she should bo driven to do this thing." "I don't know what you mean by cruelty. For iho last two years, since the lias been my reader and secretary, the has led tbo life of a lady. She has not soiled her delicate fingers, she has hod her own sittingroom, her meals served to her alone, as if she had been a gentle woman. Sho has been allowed to carry on her education at her own pleasure." " Granted ; buthaveyon treated her kindly? After all, even Boldwooi's daughter is a thing of flesh and blood, with instincts and feelings, able to be glad and sorry. She would encroach, no doubt, if treated too kindly; bnt do you ibinb we have been too unidnd?" ' I do not know what me may have been. I know that for my own part I have always been civil to her. "' "Civil; yes, that is the word. Bat I believe there are some natures that cannot exist appn uL ' . bare civility. There are souls which revolt against luxuries enjoyed upon sufferance. You did not do much to brighten her life, did you ? Shtf had to fall back upon books as the only possible delight ; and for a young creature to have no other joys than she can get from books, seems rather a dreary business. Yin did not dress her over smartly cither, Or gratify her youthful yearning for prettiness and bright colors. Her soul must have sickened at that perpetual black gown." " Are you mad, Lashmar, that you preach to me like this ?" \- No, 1 am only remorseful, very remorseful. Great God 1 if wc should have driven her into danger ! Why, she knows no more of the out side world tbau a baby. But perhaps she has only gono to tho nearest shelter ; to old Ver- ner's cottage. 1 will go and hunt for her there." " You go?" " Y'cs, I would rather go myself. I shall bo in a fever until she is found. 1 have been a wretch, a cold-hearted, vindictive brnte. I have been systematically uncivil to her, I who know how fond my poor brother was of her ; I who, for his sake, ought to have been kind. She had a bad influence upon ino, somehow ; she stirred something evil in my nature. I hopo I shall find her with Verucr-" ' I daresay you will, and you will exalt her idoa of her own importance by going after her in person. You had much better send a.6table boy." " No. I want a smoke in the open air. n go myself." Ho went, being a young man who always took his own way. it was an infinite relief to him to get away from those cold questioning eyes of his mother's and to get out into the cool night air, the fresh, free October air blowing up from the river and swirling the newly-fallen leaves about him as he tramped across tho park. Never had ho been so disturbed in mind as ho was about tho fljghs of this girl. Sho was nothing to him, absolutely nothing, he told himself. It was only his guilty conscience which was punishing him. He had allowed his pre judice, his dislike, to go too far. He had seen her suffering under his mother's icy tyranny, aud had made no remon- stranco— ho who was young and prosperous and happy bad done nothing for friendless ""4 op pressed youth — he who called himself a man had never pleaded for womanhood deprived of all womanly joys. And to day ho had gone further, had attacked a defenceless girl with most insult ing speech. He had been brutal, offensive, un- gentlemanlike. Whal was it to him if she had angled for a rich husband, schemed for home and position, for all those things which had been withheld from her ? Was it his place to bo angry ? If ho should fiud her with his brother's old tutor he was prepared to humiliate himself, to apologise for his unwarrantable anger, to pro mise her fairer treatment and a happier home in the future, to pledge himself that her life as a woman should bo brighter than her girlhood liad been. The lamp was burning in the old book worm's parlor, but ho was alone wilh Aristotle and the rest of the learned dead. He had heard nothing of Stella's flight — was iu tho deepest distress at hearing of il. No, she had nover told Jiini any of her troubles, but he knew she was not happy and hud never been happy in her homo at the Castle sinco her benefactor's death. " Her ladyship has a very fine character," ho said apologetically ; " but she has dacvor understood Stella. The girl is altogether ex ceptional ; she has genius, Lord Lashmar, original genius. The only person who has over understood and appreciated her — except my humblo self — is Mr. Ncstorius." . " Mr. Ncstorius is in love with her," said Lashnur sharply. " That is what understand ing and appreciation mean in his case." "Well, it may be so," replied the student thoughtfully. "He certainly was profoundly interested in her. He seemed to take a de light in her society, would linger aud linger when she was here, and hang upon her words. 1'erliups it was on her account he came here so often." " Of course it was on her account. I tell you, Vomer, ho is over head and ears in love with her." "Ho is old enough to be her father." "What of that? A man of his tempera? rnent is never too old to full iu love. What are wo to do, Vomer? How are wo to find this girl?" He might as well have appealed to the shads of Aristotle. Tho old man was sorely distressed at his favorite's flight, but ho h ad-no suggestion to offer. ... "I would walk barefoot to London, if that would help," he murmured. " But it wouldn't help. What we want is a bright idea. I'll telegraph to Ncstorius the first thing to-morrow morning. If he had no hand in her flight ho may help us to find her." Chatter XIX. — A Yoo.ng Froud Woman That has Will to Sail Wirit. She had gone, she had shaken the dust of that unfriendly home from off her feet, and had gono out into the more unfriendly world, penniless, without so much as the means to buy a loaf of bread, Sbe had left -a house that had bccoms intolerable to her after that scene on tho terrace. Those brutal speeches of Laslimar's had stung her like scorpions. Sho had not been clever enough rusca enough to understand that such unreason able anger from sucli a inon was the highest tribute man can pay to a woman — the tribute of passionate, unwarrantable jealousy, which implies love as passionate. She only fell his scorn, his injustice ; and her dominant thought was to escape from him for ever, never to sea that dark, imperious face again, Whal a face it was ! She bad pictured Achilles with just those eyes, that dark, bent brow, those scornful lips, those quivering nostrils breathing rage, the very incarnation of anger— and Achilles, though she could but think him an unreasonable person, was her ideal hero. Hector, with all his virtues, had never so deeply moved her. While Lashmar was talking to Vomer, Hie fugitive was far upon tho road to Brunim, currying her little bag, with a changa of linen and half-a-dozcn of her most cherished hooks — Homer, Virgil, Shokspearo. The books made the little bag a heavy burden for so long a distance. She shifted it from hand to hand very often, and sometimes almost groaned under the weight. Sho was tramping on to Briunin, knowing not. how sho should act when sho got there. But Brumni was the city in which her father 'had lived and died. He had been known there, and had been popular among the lower classes. Somewhere in that great town, perhaps, she would find some one who remembered the demagogue, and who would be kind to his daughter. Hubert had told her onco that her father had been a great orator, that bnt for the violence of his opinions he might have been a great politician. It did not occur to her that sho would be pursued or hunted for by any one belonging to tho Castlo. Sho fancied herself seenre in her insignificance. Nobody had ever cared for her there, after the last Lord Lashmar's death. She had hccu useful to her ladyship as a read ing machine, but that was all. She had left tho Castlo in a tempest of angry feeling j had left without any scheme for her future, without thought of whut sho would do with herself when she was outside those doors ; she hud fled as a caplivo eagle escapes to tho wild sky and the trackless mountains, like that Siberian eagle to which Lashmar had compared her ; hut in the long and weary walk to Ernrnm, upon the lonesome country road, under the dark October sky, she had ample leisure tx consider her future. The outlook was not cheerful. She had no one in the world who could help her, mi« sha should stoop to appeal to Mr..Neitorins, anlh« xrwjastihe cm jydvmLshe'.felt shrconldiwl appeal. He bad asked her to be his wife, had .been eager to derate his life to her, and she had rejected him ; she conld not ask him to provide for her future. Her good old friend, Venter, was as helpless as a child ; she could not burden him, nor could she have accepted a home under the shadow of Lashmar Castle. Her eager desire was to escape altogether from that old life and its as sociations ; to hide herself, to lose her identity, if it were possible. Her chief hope for the future was iu her pen. If Xestorius had not been deceived by his re gard for her, she had written a book which must sooner or later win her fame and money. She felt'that it was in her to write many such books— to write upon many subjects. Her pen had been her friend and confidante for the last seven years. It was as natural to her to write as to live. Secure, therefore, of being able to earn money in the future, to win for herself that snug little home sho had so often discussed with Betsy Barber, she had only to bridge over the difficulties of the present, to caru or beg a home and a crust. Lashmar had told her that but for his mother's charity sho would in all pro bability have been a factory girl, Even that thought did not appal her. She was ready to work in auy factory that would find licr em ployment. She would have her evenings for her books and her pen. Life would be harder, hut not more joyless than it had been at Lash mar Castle. At last the sweet odors of the country side, the pcrftuno of wild flowers, the cool freshness of newly ploughed earth, gave place to the fumes of furnaces, a pervading taint of soot and sulphur. The flaring lights of Brumin shone yellow against tho dark blue of night — the town was near at hand. There were tho wildernesses of tho suburbs, the un built upon building lots, tho waste places, the desolations, the fields that were no longer fields, the half finished streets fo be passed ;and then came the goal, a shabby street that seemed endless, a straggling, sordid, hopeless looking street, stamped for over as tho abiding place of labor and poverty, with here a poor little shop, and there a bloated, blazing public house, with factories looming large and black, factory gates shut for the night, lamps extinguished, labor done, and groups of men and women clustered here and there, weary after tho weary day. It was not a pleasant place to come for a soul that loved tho country, and had dwelt amidst woodlands and tho ripple of a river. Here was the same river, flowing sluggishly under an old smoke-blackened bridge, which Stella had to cross on her way to the heart of the town. What a murky, hideous river it was, that stream she had so loved ton miles nearer its source. Could ton miles make such a dif ference ? She had been only four years old at tho time of the fire, yet she had an instinct that told her in which direction that great block of build ings had stood, tho big houso from which she had looked out of a window high up iu the very sky, as it had seemed to her then, a win dow that looked straight out at sun or stars. She had loved to look out of tho window in those long lonely days. It had been her only joy when her father was away. She had dim memories, too, which helped her to find the place of her infancy. She re called tho prospect she had seen from that' win dow in the sky. A little way off, across a field or two, there had been a place full of whits headstones and funeral urns, and weeping figures iu white marble — ghosts, they had seemed to her in the twilight. She had been scared by those white phantoms sometimes, and had left the window shuddering. . She knew, therefore, that the huge barrack like lodging house had been on the same side of the town as the cemetery ; and it was towards the cemetery she made her way. It was after eleven o'clock, and most of the shops had closed by this time ; but at the corner of a narrow street she found a shop door open, and the light shining on the pavement in front of it. Slu -looked iu timidly, and saw- two women, one elderly and stout, the other thin and waspish looking, of that doubtful period between eight and twenty and eight and thirty, in which unmarried womanhood is apt to turn to shrewishness. The shop W3S of fho humblest order, known as a general shop, furnishing almost everything except butcher's meat, and of exceeding usefulness in a poor neighborhood. Stella looked from the thin daughter to the si out mother, and it was to tho latter she ad dressed her questions. " There used to ho a large lodging houso for working people near the cemetery," sho faltered. " It was burnt down a good many years ago. Was it ever built up again ?" " Of course, it was," answered tho younger woman sharply. " If you'd gone twenty yards further you'd have seen it straight beforo you. It was rebuilt, and it was mado twico the size it was at the beginning." < Was this shop here at the time of the fire ? " " Yes, twenty years before tho fire," answered the mother. ' ' -My daughter was born in this very houso. I've lived iu it nearly forty years. It was a new house when my husband came into it, and he bad to mako tbo business bit by bit." "As you have lived hero so long perhaps you may remember a man called Boldwood," said Stella tremulously. It was the first time she had ever pronounced that name to a stranger. It soemcd a kind of \- sacrilege ; but sho felt that her only chanco of finding a friend in this great dreary town was through her father's memory. " Boldwood — Jonathan Boldwood ; yes, I should thiuk I do remember him, drat him! My husband was almost cracked about that man, and used to go to hear him at every meeting, aud come home with a pack of nonsense in his head. I hato your lijtdicals, always knocking everything down, and never setting anything up. Radicals have driven ull the country gentry away from Biumm ; and there areu't half the carriages there used to bo in the streets when I was a girl. Radicals have brought in eo-operativo stores aud ruiucd small tradespeople. Radicals huve sent the English nobility abroad to spend their money, because tliey don't get the respect that's due to tliem at home." " What's this, old girl, off again ? I never did hear such an old 'oomaii to talk politics, and knows no moro of 'em than a baby," said a round good nature-! voice from within, and a round faced, good iiafured looking man' in shirt sleeves and linen apron rolled in from" tho little parlor behind the shop. " What's sent mother into ' high strikes ' to-night ? " ho asked his daughter. " This young person has been asking about Jonathan Boldwood." " Why, what do you know of Jonathan Boldwood, lass?" " Ho was my father." "Your father! What, are you the child Boldwood tried to get out of the burning house when he lost his own life, poor chap, in trying to save the little one ?" " Yes," sobbed Stella. " And then the young hunchback lord saved yon, and took you off to Lashmar Castle, and 'doptcd of you. I know there was no cad of talk about it at the time." "Yes ; but he has been dead for many years, and I have been very miserable in dependence upon fine people." "Ah! there spoke old Boldwood. No de pendence for him. He was a free and noble spirit, God bless hipi! They say its only Papists that pray for tho dead. Now I'm no Papist, and I'm no churchgoer ; but I say wherever Boldwood is, God bless him. And so you've got sick of your fine home, lassie, aud you've como to look up your father's old friends in Brutmn ?" " Had he friends here — many friends ?" " Yes, many friends — there wasn't a working " nun in Brumm that didn't call him friend ; but not each Irieadt as could bo of much use to him. Most of 'cm was poorer than himself. He was proud too, and wouldn't have taken a favor from any of us. We all knew that he had been bora a gentleman. Let's have a look at you, lass," scrutinising her keenly tinder the glare of the unshaded gas ; " no, you're not like him — there's a look, per haps, only a look of him somcwheres in the face, but it ain't so much as a likeness. Poor Boldwood — yes, he was a 'grand talker, he was. If he'd been alive now we'd have got him into Parliament. Wouldn't lie have as tonished the milk-and- watery gentlemen who grind iu that mill ? And what are you doing in Brumm at such au hour as this, my lass?" " I have come to look for work." " What kind of work ?" " Any kind that will give me food and shel ter — time to find the work I cuu do best." "What kind of work is that ?" " Writing. 1 want to be a writer. " She answered this strange shopkeeper as frankly as she would have answered an old friend. Thetnan had known and esteemed her father ; and there was something in his blunt, unpolished friendliness wliich gave iter confi dence. Perhaps in all that big populous town she had crossed the one threshold in which she was safest. Tho grocer's daughter looked some what critical and suspicious, but his wife had a kiudlv, motherly air, which promised help. "A writer, ay, Boldwood was a writer. Ho used to write letters to the Independent. Such letters ! They lashed the Conservatives like a cat-o'-nine- tails. And so you can write, tny lass. Story-hooks, I suppose, and such like.'' "Yes, I have written a story; but till I can live by my pen I want to get work iu a factory." " Ah, niy girl, you don't look much like factory work. Why, you look so slight one could biosv you away. You look too much the lady. You'd better have stayed at Lashmar Castle than turn factory girl. " " I could not stay there." " They turned you adrift, perhaps." "No, but tho place became too hateful. Don't question me, please ; I have done nothing wrong, uulcss it was wrong to como away from a house in which I was miserable." " Come uow, lass, did they ill-treat you, heat you, starve you?" " No, they only mado rae wretched. I suffered pntiently enough for mauy years ; suffered the want of all kind ness and sympathy ; but tho time came wheu I mado up my mind not to suffer auy lougcr; that bread aud water in a garret would be better tbau dainty food in a grand house where nobody loved mo. I am quite a stranger, aud I shall ho quite alone in this big town ; hut I shall be able to live my own life, fo win independence ; I shall cease to oat tho bread of charity." " I sec you have a proud spirit. Well, there's some factory work that's lighter than others, though it's all hard. I'll see if I can get you work to-morrow, if you like. It oughtn't to be very difficult, for there isn't a Rad in Brumm that wouldn't befriend Boldwood's daughter." "I shall be very grateful to you," said Stella ; and then turning to his wife sho said, " If you would he so kind as to tell me whore I can get a respectablo lodging. It must be cheap, for I shall have no money except what I can earn." " A lodging ! Do you moan to say you have no home in Brumm ?" " No ; I only left Lashmar Castle this even ing, I walked all the way here. I have no money, and unless people will trust me with a lodging I must walk about in tho fields all night. "' " Or go to the casual ward at the Union, Jonathan Boldwood's daughter shall do neither," said the grocer. " Look here, mother, there's Bill's room. You give this young woman a shake down in Bill's room. It's too Into for her to be looking for a lodging. Time enough to think of that to-morrow morning." " You are very good," faltered Stella. She had been .standing until this moment, her feet- aching after her long walk, her arms strained by the weight of the little carpet bag. There was a stool in the shop, and now sho ven tured to seat herself, feeling that she was really among friends. Chapm.au, her now protector, shut and bolted the shop door. It was a very small shop, crowded with small wares ; odorous of cheese, bacon, hcrriugs, and even of onions, a rope of which hung in a corner, in friendly neighbor hood with a pile of quartern loaves. Pickle jars, cheap jam, and every variety of tinned provisions with brilliant pictorial labels filled tho shelves. There was an air of rudo plenty, which hinted at a brisk trade, small profits and quick returns. By this time even the old-maidish daughter had assumed a frieudly air. " Como into the parlor and rest yourself," she said. " Wo've had our bit of supper, but perhaps you'd like a crust of bread and cheese." " Of course sho would," said Chapman ; " cant't you see how whito and tired she looks, poor child— reg'lar done up. Briug out tho loaf, Polly, and a bit o' pickle, and a mug o' beer." " Not any beer, tbank you, just a little bit of bread-and- butter, if you please." The little parlor was neatly kept. There was a stand of geraniums in front of tho window, with a bird cage hanging over it. Tho room had a curious look to Stella nftcr the stately splendors amidst which she had lived, hut it was moro homelike than the stillroom at Lashmar, and she liked the Cbapmaus better than tho upper and under houso maids with whom she had 6pent one weary period of her life. 