A Medical «* Ghost ' Story. A remarkable story, purporting to have been' telegraphed from Chicago, has appeared in some of the American-papers, relatinfr the extraordinary success of an experiment made by Dr. Locker eteen, of that city. He was called, according to the published account, to attend a woman who had one month before given birth to a child, and who bad 'collapsed. She lost her pulse, her heart ceased to beat, and. she ceased to breathe.' She was given np for dead, and Dr. Lockersteen '.'did everything he could think of to restore respira tion, but without effect. Ten. minutes must have elapsed.' Then the happy thought occurred to Dr. Lockersteen of trying the effect of a hypoder mic injection of a solution of nitro-glycerine in alcohol, which he happened to have with. him. Ten drops were injected and the dead woman came to life. The first minute there was not a pulsation ; there were four gasps distributed over the first sixty seconds, but that is not life. In the second minute there were six respirations and a faint beating of the heart could be heard. In the third minute there were eighteen respirations and tbe pulse became distinctly perceptible at tbe wrist. In the fourth minute the pulse was 180 or more. -'A faint flush, then spread over the face of the woman. Her eyes began to roll in their sockets and a, minute later all the muscles relaxed from the stiffness of death. To the astonishment of all Mrs. Fraser became conscious and uttered a few words.' This remarkable narration was brought to the attention of Dr. Edson, of the Board of Health, whose tame as an aneestheticist is well established. He listened with interest, and said : 'That 4s a most interesting story, well worth writing, but it is either a gross exaggeration or a 'ghost* story. To begin with, the stiffness of death had not occurred, and it is nonsense to talk of relaxation from it. Then, if Dr. Lockersteen had struck upon such a, wonderful discovery he would certainly have told it first to the medical press. There would have been no trouble about getting the secular press to take hold of it afterward.' 