E T T IE 5 S WAGE It By Fbaxe Lyjtx. Chanter I. . Continued from hist Issue. " Yes, she is very strong-niiuded," said May. She had determined to capture the Colonel with his large estates and wealth for. herself, and was not best pleased to find llint Ettie was his favorite. Now, however, she was turning this bet to the best account, ludeed she had made it partly . for that purpose, knowing well Ettie's wild dare devil spirit, but she never imagined tha t the girl would go thronsdi with the affair, in the face of the storm that was beginning to rage, and so felt quite seeure in the safety of her Arab. " I do not care for strong-minded women." she added softly, " and I alwaj's think it so fast to make bets." Though Colonel George admired May's bright soft ways, he was thinking too deeply about Ettie to heed all she said. Certainly he was vexed at Ettie's making the bet, yet he could not but admire the courage that made her stick to her word, though the rising wind that whistled around the house told what a night itwould be. "Whohas she made the bot with?" lie asked with a shudder, as a gust wlustled louder than ever, thinking th&t; he would beg the girl to let Ettie oil. " It would be a breach of confidence to tell you," May " was Ear too wary to betray her share in the transaction. " Then I must ask some one else," was the calm answer, and for the rest of the dinner Colonel George devoted himself to eating and paid no more attention to the girl beside liiin, for which May voted him a bore, in spite ot his wealth. A=* soon as. the ladies were in the drawing room Mrs. Dacre went up to May and besought her to release Etiie. " You know it is such an awful night and she is too determined to draw back on her own account. May, do be generous," she added, with tears in her eyes. " Ettie must do as she likes," was the cold answer. May thought thai she WHS pretty certain of her Colonel, or would not have vexed her hostess iu tlie way she was doiu£, as she knew well that Mrs. Dacre had power to gire mow pleasure than nnuiy of her r>:nrried friends, aud. was valued accordingly. " Besides," she thought, " there is no ehan.se of my losing the Arab, as if it is anything iilce tine we gh-is will easily frighten her, and if the weather continue"* as it is now, it n il-! be iinpossible for Ettie to even venture from the house. No.I shall, not give in." Mrs. Daere turned aw.ny with her pretty blue eyes clouded with vexed tea rs. " Ettie will go," " said Sirs. Dacre, s;id!}- to herself, and sacrifice her life kii-li this mad sense of honor," hut her thnughts were soon clie ked by two merry bright eyed boys of fifteen and sixteen, who rushed up to her gaily. "Just think, inolher," they cried together. " it is snon ing splendidly and if there is enough snow on the ground tomorrow Eiiie has promised to let us try. to ut=e her suow shoes. She has two pair you know, won't it bo jolly I" " Oh Alf., Ettie is too good to you boys and spoils you terribly." " If she does, mother mine you follow suit, hut it is snowing so jollv hard isn't it Etiie ?" " Yes," saicl Etiie, as she joined the group, "quite hard enough to enable me to .fulfil my promise of sriosr shoes." " I say Ettie," asked Alf. " are yon really uoing to the west plantation tonight?" . : . "Yes." was the brief answer, for though Ettie was a brave girl, she knew that the night was not a fit one to venture o.ut in,, still her determined Canadian.spirit prevented her giving in oil a point which she considered told upon her honor. We will come with you," exclaimed the boys, " it will he such fun," " I must go alone boys, its part of the contract." . " How horrid;. , but come along and sing before the men come in." " Why?" asked Ettie, smiling at the boys impetuous ways. " Why ?" because if you do not come ribw,-we shall never be able to <ret you to sing the songs we want, they like nasty love sick sentimental ones." Ettie seated herself at tlie pia o, and very soon the three voices were blending in A medlv of warlike, and comic songs. As chance would have it Colonel George entered the r >om during one of the. most .comic, and naturally looked most horrified.- He had never seen Etfie in this }ii»ht, .as the boys had only come home froui School that day. Some of the other gentlemen guests went at once to the piano and joined in tlie music, to the Colonel's disgnst, as he now added -the pangs of jealousy to his other feelings. Standing by the fire phice he viewed the .whole, with a look such as an old cynie might bestow upon a lot of silly children. " I thought you cared for music, Colonel George F" asked Mrs. Dacre, coming up to him oil charitable thoughts intent. " Every one has not the feelings that can enter into a comic song, and appreciate its absurdities. Ettie is very good to the boys, and iheir holidays are made much brighter by the warin interest- she takes'in all their doings. Though so proud, and haughty, she is very gentle to all she cares for." A bitter smile passed over the Colonel's face as he glanced across the room at the proudly .held head, and dark eye£. that always seems to flash as they moved quickly to and fro, and wondered ho w the owner could ever be gentle. It was greatly against his will that he admired her so, much. . ? I^jshould hardly thiuk sq," he said at last,this absurd bet proves her to be otherwise. " Sb/I think not," was Mrs. Dac-re'-s quid though Jirm answer. " She lias a very strong sense of honor, and would not jbaek out of any tiling such as this, for fcir of being thought- cowardly. Yet she has -promised me if the girl who made the bet, will suggest its postponement to another erening she will give it up. I have asked this girl, I will not give her name, to do this, and she has coldly refused. Yet this is called gentle, while my poor Ettie is considered haughty and proud, of the two, I prefer pride, if gentleness cannot do a Cliristian act." At this minute Ettie rose from the piano, and was proceeding to join her friend, when an exclamation recalled her. " Do sing this," and one of the gentlemen held up a song. " Certainly," was the good natured answer, though she was not in the humor for singing. Several songs had to be sung before she was released, but at last she gained Mrs. Dacre's side. " I :un tired," she said briefly. " I see you are Ettie, you should not have sung so much dear. What is that last song ? I have never heard it before." " I cannot tell Auntie. I think it is " The liiver of Death," I never saw it until t:>-night, when Mr. Boss brought it for uie to sing." " It is sad." " Yes, but it chimed in with my thoughts, I feel sad to-night." " Hardly, I should think," came sarcastically from Colonel George. " After tlie way you were siuging comic songs a few minutes ago it would be very difficult to pursuade nie as to tho truth of your last statement." Ettie looked up quickly, with a bright flash in her dark eyes and a quiver on her lip at beiug misunderstood, but said nothing in reply, and in a minute or two left the room, aud before very long the Colonel followed suit, muttering as he did so something about billiards. As soon as the boys found Ettie had left the room, they followed, and scampering up the stairs knocked at her door. " Wait a minute boys." was tliennswer to their calls. Iu a few minutes Ettie opened the door, and stood before the astonished boys in a quaint Canadian costume. It was a short skirt reaching very little before the knees, and belted around the waist. Stout cloth gaiters, and thick shoes completed the costume. " What's that ?" asked the boys. " I saw a girl wearing this dress for skating and for the sake of curiosity had one made like it." Are yon going to wear snow shoes too ?" " Yes, I should not go out in snow without them," putting on as she spoke a close fur cap, muffs, gloves, and ulster, completed her dress and taking up her snow shoes and revolver, she prepared to descend the; stairs. Mrs. Dacre entered the room just as she had fiuished lier preparations. " Do not go Ettie." " I must Auntie." " It is only bravado Ettie." "Do not make me a coward Auntie." said Eiiie as she opened the door, and followed by the rest went down the stairs, in the hall several people were assembled but. in a moment, all had come from the drawing room to see the expected start. Ettie hit her lip angrily at the sight, hut was relieved to find that Colonel George was absent from the crowd. " Here Alf. hold my muff," she said quietly. " Take care of the re volver it is loaded." " If you meet any ghost take straight aim Ettie," was Alf's answer. " Of course I shall" replied Ett-'e with a smile, as she noticed the looks that exchanged, for the wind had died down and none guessed the depth of suow that lay outside. Though Ettie was the chief centre of the group yet some how she managed to evade their notice, and was soon speeding over the suow. While they were all waiting for her return, she had slipped out by the back, and was far away before they knew anything about it. Mrs. Dacre could not imagine she was gone and searched for her, believing that Ettie was playing «• i trick upon them, and had n-»t started at all. The boys alone were in ihe secret, and wisely, held their tongues about an affair lhat they considered a joliy lark. j : j Chapter IL The boys had let Ettie out of their own particular garden door, aud as soon as she had buckled on her snow shoes started for her walk to the plantation. For some minutes the shoes seemed more a nuisance thau help but before long she grew oecuslotJicd to them and growing skilful soon reached the firs. It was certainly the most dreary of places on a windy, storm3' night, for the wind had risen again with reJonhled force, after its short h:ll. and was moaning mournfully through the thj-k branches, from which masses of sikhv dropped every now aid' then, Ettie however did not pause in her walking until she reached the centre of the trees. Taking off her snow shoes she sealed herself in a sheltered nook and unfasteuing a tiny policemen's lantern from her belt she looked at her waieh. It was just twelve, lieturuing the lantern to its place she wrapped her shawl warmly around her, and prepared to spend the lime comfortably as possible. Tlie place "was warih, and well sheltered, so chat to a nature as courageous as hers, there was nothing to alarm, and it was with the greatest difficulty that she kept awake. Indeed she had just commenced to dose off, when a sound near at hand aroused her in a moment. liaising herself she. listened intently, again the sound came, something like shuffling footsteps it seemed to Eitie, it was too dark to distinguish anything. To be continued. 