OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. WVIen Parliament is safely prorogued., as it probably will be on the ,1th of December, there ought to be a meeting of the ghosts of the various parties which have been weaken ing and disuniting the Assembly all the session, and militating against the efficiency of its concerted action. These could ex change notes as to what they had accom plished during the wasted time passed away, and their reminiscences woutdl e sonmewlhat of this character. "Well Decentralisation party," it would be asked, "you who pur posed bringing Melbourne to confess her spoliations and transfer the ccatre of trade to the leading towns in the interior districts, what have yon accomplished t" " O, please sir, I've got a promise recorded that the County Co:rt judges should reside in the country districts, if the public c nvenience demands it." Score nought Decentralisation and pass dorwn. "W\ell farming party what have you done I" Well, there are the tariff alterations; though I don't know if I can, score for that, as the Government proposed them and there was-well bless my soul nows what have I done ?" And mining party, how did you get on. "Nell there was that central council affair; and rea ly though we made a lot of noise, there isn't much else that swe compelled the Government to do that they wecren't willing to do before." "Score one Mliinin party, only one." The only party that really has scored, is the great, the united, ever aggressive one of 'Us." "Us" has succeeded in getting free passes for old members ; the merit sauce has yet to be added. "Us" has got a day's journey nearer to the possible honor of a daily IIanlcard, has secured an alteration in the kitchen arrange ments of Parliament House, that its cooked meats may be hereafter more savory, and has finally set the idea afloat to leaven in a future Parliament, that the remuneration of men who can successfully do so little in six months should le at least £500 a year. These are only a few of the successes the great party of "Us and Co " has achiev ed for with it the maxim is "The State is us." As the Municipal Conference is to sit this week, it may be worth while to draw its attention to a matter wvhich is of deep im portance to all municipalities throughout the colony--tihe difficulty concerning which could be cured by a few words in the Local Government Act Amendment Bill. In all municipalities throughout the colony the. subdivision of blocks is constantly going on, and the result is that a number of difliculties, frequently resulting in litigation, arise as to how these may best be drained. I know of one case in particular where blocks were sold on the slope of a hill, the natural fall of which was toward a long gully. The allot ments on either side of this gully were, however, secured by wealthy men to whom law was cheap, andt these promptly served notice on the local council that if the draitnge of their neighbors on the slope was suffered to run into their gblly, which had a natural fall to an adjacent river, they would enter an action for damages. All that the municipalities ask for to protect themselves from bounce of this kind is a proviso in the L. G. Bill that no subdivisions of properties be made until they have been sanctioned by the local council, in order that the latter may see that provision is made for drainage and their sanitary re quirements. Of course this request touches dangerously upon the "w'hats' mine is my own' and "Englishman's house is his castle" principles of British law, but still I think that, in order to prevent useless and vexatious litigation, a way out of the difficulty should be found. We are awfully moral, you know we are. We suppress sweeps,we exterminate Casinos, we abjure the totalisator, and we prosecute people wlho charge for admission to enter tainments on Sundays. We even go to the extent of protecting the guileless Australian maiden from the seductive tale-telling clairvoyante, and if photograps i little "loud" are exhibited in shopwicdows Mr Pat. Constable is sent around with an admonition to "take it along out of that now." Yet, with all that, dissipated Mel bourne iinds no difficulty inl the pursuit of its vices, and "'drums" exist where the worst forms of the orgies, which are the recognised proclivities of London and Paris, are nightly reproduced. But, with all this guardianship of the unwary, the gambling spirit does not dimish nor the means by which it is fostered. For instance, I have before cne just now a circular of tile great Money Lottery, stated to be organised by the free city of Hamburg, 100,000 tickets and 50,500 prizes, the highest of which is valued at £23,000, and others being of £15,000, £10,000, and so on downwards to as undeclared minimuni The tickets for the seven classes under which the lottery ii drawn amount to six guineas each, but a whole ticket for the first four classes may be procured for £3, and if you choose you cnmy halve or quarter of any of these. The circulars containing the information as to the mode of drawing. are annually scattered broadcast throcughout the colonies, and I presume sufficient pigeons are dis covered by their means to make the post"ige a profitable investment I have never chanced my luch, but krow of people who have, resultlessly. But what does strike me as absurd, is that paternal squeamishness which stops the letters to a clairvoyant who can't swindle you out of mo:e than ten shillings-from passing through the post, and yet circulates broadcast through the post such as these allurements. Our Chief Commissioner of Police has adopted an excellent expedient for the culti vation of the detective instinct in his men. He has placed in the barrack libr.ry com plete editions " of Gabrican's novel-, and any one who has read those marvellous delineations of the perfectionu to which the detective craft may be brought, will under stand the educative value of this happy ides. Every year makes upon the force afurther demand for the intelligence which can deal with unaccustomed crime attended by details out of the common. . The power of analysis of such, and the placing together of appar ently trivial indiilents aind details is the forte of tle great French novelist, and we may expect soon to hear. of better results from the teaclings his works so prominently enforce....................... n oes- "all .: coming visitors to' Mlelbourne "who intend to niake or mar a fortune'on the MIe!bourne Cup aicd ci ill reinmiai for a few dcys :snave- a fes vshblnicps .iishd.visitthi e Spansishc and Columbmn Festoval :in'''thl' Exhibitibn Building. The co'bstunies 3sorn y tlihe lwceitching daissel ain a '.ite'for soro eyney.c For.tbio paymeut of a shiling ,ou may .tirt-wiithi agipsy or a qoueenhbut. be s-cry caieful you 'gay opsr f;rioni :the hlack blcbsa or they cavi "itsls all your mnoney" and ;your.-heat rt?the't e ame time. T£he problem is ?ery fine mid:shows careful isad cottinued relcarssl iL it lireparatioil. The r part ?6frtlze Queeu.of Spsimuis taken.by: a-lady who numbers:her subjects alredy by: :thoushnZli hi'dsiid "jb? -hic tlnime h.ie 't the ealsibitis. terimte eseiles. ic-ill have i follow·ilnothfsibnst nfie·ds prove a menace to t?ot c ld andlnew Granada.. 