shakespeare or bacon" to the editor of the DAILY TKLKCiUAPH.' Sir. — It is with fear and trembling that I venture a reply to the loading article which ap- poured in The Jhiity Tvhyraph on the fffitli ult. You commence by saying : — "It is known to most ot our reauers mat. among tne various eccentric forms of human belief is the persuasion that the dramas of Shakespeare were written by Lord Bacon. J.'hut this h opposed to all tliocou- temporary evidence on the Mibwet, and I hat it | has abso.utely nothing iu the way of the i liMhiest scrap <»t direct evidence to plead in its j support, is nothing to inen who, out of the I plenitude of their own power ot belief, are able j to dispense witu evidence altogether.'' This i i seven; upon those who have taken some tumble 1 to study the subject, and. as one of them, I j must say that out of the plenitiuio of my powers ot boLef I was unable to adhere lo my original faith that. Shakespeare was the auiiior of the play atuiimted to him, X held' this bcuct implicitly for morn than a quarter of a century, unring which time no inougM of doubting tlie autnorslup of tlie play L constantly read disturbed my mind, auu, without tre.qussing on your space to go into detail, X shuil biieiiy state bow it caiuo to pa«a that 1 renounced tlie faith that was iu me. About 12 year ago X became acquainted with a gentleman who h.et spent several year in in- vestigating the subject, in qucctiou, the result of lire mvenligaiioii being iliut he was a con firmed believer in the doctrine of Bacon. Jor a year or two X regarded him. as you will pro bably do me, as a misguided fanatic: Km it was at last nnijiccd by h»m to read some of the latest work ou the question, the result being that. I came to two conclusions — first, that the ov. deuce was strongly m lavor of tut; assump tion that Lord Bacuu w;re thi author of nearly ail tlie piayM : and secondly, that whoever wrote (hem, .Shakespeare certainly did not. Aud I wiii state niv rea.-uns tor coming to the latter conclusion. I found that when a boy •Shakes peare received liuao ur no education, und that when abour 12 or Iff years uid he was taken into lus lather's shop, where he remained for : several years, during vvhicn time he developed , all tUiwy qmuiiics which in the present day constitute a uangerou larrikin. A youth like «8h:ike>pcaru wouui bo a heroin Wttolloomooioo. At length he turned poacher, and to escapn being sent, to gaol ho ran away and made hi way to London. There In natural instincts found a congenial field for di'vo.opment in the 'ostier i:n" of business. In those nays thn patron of tin? Urania rode to the thea't.re ou I norsenaek, nnd tho undeveloped author of : "liauueL" organised what was called tlie ; .Shakespeare Brigade, which was composed of a number of boy wno held the norse uuring the i performance, the "immortal William " ocing | : their captain. One night his street stable-corn- ; j patuutis uffcovcred that he was missing, aud ! sure enough bo had disappeared most my-»tcri- i ou.slv. Nothing was seen or heard of him lor j two years, his age at tlie time oi hi disappear- ! mice being about 2 1. At tho termination of j two year ho turned up a suddenly and u mysteriously as ho hud vanished, not to return | to In 'ostier occupation, but to astonish tho i world as the author of one or two of the greatf'Mt p:ays attributed lo him. Others lob lowed in Mich remarkably rapid succession that thev must lo a great extent have been the result ot hi two year' ubneiiee from the street of London. As is well kuown, the whole of Shakespeare's fife from the time he di.-up. poured is involved in mysterv, and j tho defender of bis famo are hard pressed to account for how au uneducated ' country clowu acquired tho vast treasure of I wisdom, learning and kuowleiigo stored u» in ! the plays wlncii bear hi nsimc. Whoever j wrote them must have been n good linguist, a ! protound theologian, a successful historical | Miulent, a philosopher of tlie deepest research, ; au experienced and accomplished courtier aud i :t in a u considerably in advance ot lus fellow in medical sctcuce. It would be too tedious to ' submit proof of all these qualification ; but with respect to thn last, it maybe pointed out that the circulation of the blood was first boldly proclaimed to the world by the ghost of Hamlet's deceased parent. TIicm? arc the con siderations which led me to the conclusion that ,Shnke.«peare could not have written the plav, and 1 am confirmed in iny op'nion by the fact that those who maintain he wu their author admit hi ignorance, and rely upon the theory that what you term 4the greatest product of tlie creative human intellect " were the result of miraculous inspiration.-— Yours, dm., BACON, 