ATHLETICS. (By Athlete.) Simpson's Sheffield Handicap was begun at the Maid and Magpie on Saturday. It is announced as the first Adelaide Shi ffi.-ld Handicap, but this is incorrect, as the first was run by the South Australian Athleiie Club on the Kensington Oval last year. Mr Simpson has laid out the track on a small piece of ground at the back of his hotel. A cinder bed has been laid alongside the fence, and stood the trampling well. Spectators can only approach it on one side, ami a grand stand is erected sideways on to the finish, so that only those who crowd one end of it can get a good sight. Some slight help to a safe termination to their swift run is afforded to athletes by the device of mattrasses hung upon the fence at the end of the track, but as this is only a few yards past the finish the concussion is terrible, as some of thorn found to their cost, on Saturday. A convenient dressing tent is provided under the Grand Stand. Considering other attractions there was a good attendance, and 42 competitors showed up. H. McDonald was present, but only as a spectator, as he could not get away his nomination in time. Mardon came down from Qnorn, bnt was imprudent enough to go ont on his bicycle on Saturday morning, and got a spill, pitching upon his knee. One or two runners from the South-East put in an appearance, together with Clarke, the South Melbourne man. Eleven heats were run, Fiigate being the only acceptor who did not start. The result left in Harris, D. T. Combe, H. Davison, G. A. Combe, Bricknell, Foote, Green, McArdle, J. E. Robinson, O. J Gawen, Correll, for the final, to be run off in four heats, to-morrow. G. A. Combe has however been since disqualified by the Com mittee, for having used his unrnly member too freely to another competitor in the dress ing shed. According to the official time the fastest heat was Ga wen's 12-two-fiftli3 sees., the majority of the heats finishing at 13| and 13J sees., the latter being Davison's time who had farther to run than any other winner. It is worthy of note that the by standers insisted that Green's time was only 12 three-fifths sees., though he had five yards farther to travel than Gawen, and this may he borne in mind in view of to-morrow's con test. It will be seen that Davison was the only back man who succeeded in coming to the front, and this shows the glorious uncer tainty of Sheffield trials, for if he hud hap pened to be drawn in the same heat with Gawen (19 yards) nothing could have saved him. The latter ran in splendid form and style. There is no impeachment of the han- dicapper's judgment, since he says he had only one win made by Gawen at Port Augusta, to guide him. But it is somewhat singular that other up-country runners who have no better two years' record to show, should have had to carry so heavy a penalty. There can be little doubt that Gawen will win to-morrow, though Green, Davison, and McArdle will be close up. Poor D. Roberts had been suffering from a stiff knee for six months, and in trying to pull upon Saturday slipped and fell, breaking his knee cap. He was carried to the hospital, where the doctor says he will be laid up for six weeks. A con solation stake is added for to-morrow's pro gramme, and no doubt much interest will be manifested in the finish. The'loud voices of bookmakers is an unpleasant novelty in onr athletic contests, and the day would be much more enjoyable without them. The result of the second round of draws places the competitors as follows : — First Heat. — O. J. Foote, 19 yards ; C. A. Correll, 16 yards; D. Green, 14 yards. Of this trio I prefer the chances of Foote, in spite of Green's fast time in the first round of heats. Secoml Heat. — J. E. Robinson, 16 yards ; G. N. Bricknell, 18 yards; G. A. Combe, 10 yards. This heat is confined to a match between the first named two, for reasons given above, and Robinson is my fancy. Third Heat. — H. Davison, 7 yards ; J, Harris. 1 9 yards ; J. McArdle, 19 yards. Luck favored Davison in the first list of draws, and he won his heat, but that goddess has not remained with him. and in the event of three starting he will finish a good third. From past experience I prefer the chance of Harris to that of the ITamley Bridge champion. Fourth Heat. — D. T. Combe, 19 yards ; O. J. Gawen, 19 yards. This on paper looks a moral for Gawen. and assists me in my- contentions which I have from time to time put forth that it is grossly unfair to take only the first man in each division, for the second best man of the crowd rarely, if ever, comes in for hi3 just rights owing to the present system of ruiiuing the men. The'mattei now only becomes one of luck, or chance, and this should not exisf. Skill, or ability should be foremost, and every man should have an equal privilege of shaving in the prizes without the assistance of fortune. Had this heen so both Gawen. and D. T. Combo would have been found in the final, and this only by a fair and impartial process, giving no extra tronble or running. The choice pf places should fall to Gawen, Foote. Robinson, Harris. However much the Adelaide press would gloss over the handicapping, and would have the public believe that the production is a good one, the result of the contest will point otherwise, for the winners will all come from the 16 yard and 19 yard marks. The limit was extorti.-nate, and at the very most should not have been greater than twelve yards, for the distance to travel, 135 yards, is a mere bagatelle, and if a handicap man is successful in getting away to a fair start he will take a lot of overhauling. Next time yon hold your meeting Mr Simpsou try and remedy this fault. Do get a handi- capper who understands his work. Give the scratch men at least a ghost of a show,. for it .i3 little credit for a man to win a big tliiug. wheu he has the advantage of giant starts. 