SntmoUmial TASMANIA. Reception into Presentation Order of Nuns of Miss Marie O’Donovan. (Hobart Mercury.') St. Mary’s Cathedral (Hobart) was thronged at 11 o’clock Mass on Sunday, when a young 'novice was solemnly received into the Pre sentation Order of Nuns. The morning was a bright and pleasant one, and long before the hour appointed for the commencement of the ■ceremonies, there was a constant stream of people, and soon the Cathedral was filled to •overflowing by a congregation in which there was a sprinkling of all denominations. It is ■some considerable time since a ceremony of this nature took place, and this taken in con nection with the popularity of the Order for their good works, probably enhanced the in terest. The Presentation Convent, Tasmania, was instituted in 1867, bv three nuns from 'Fermoy branch of the South Presentation 'Convent, Ireland, and since the Order has gone on steadily increasing in this colony. The origin of the Order reads like a romance. Miss Nano Nagle, the foundress, was a native of County Cork, Ireland, and a lady of beauty and fortune. She was sent early in life to Paris to complete her education. That city, then, as now, the centre of the fashionable world, revelled in the splendour of the brilliant court of Louis XV. Miss Nagle mingled in the amusements and pastimes, and was becoming a confirmed votary of the world’s pleasures, when an ap parently incidental circumstance changed the whole tenor of her life. Re turning from a ball about four o’clock ■ on a dreary winter’s morning, she was struck by seeing a number of poor people gathered round the door of a church waiting for admission. Contrasting the oc cupation of these people seeking God at the ■first appearance of dawn with her own had a wonderful effect upon her. She dismounted from her carriage, mingled with the humble group, and went into the church. That episode completely changed her life. Hence forth she resolved to devote herself to the ■service of God. She embraced the religious life, and proceeding to Cork established the South Presentation Convent, whose branches have now reached pretty well all over the world. The original object of the Presenta tion Institute was -i to devote its undivided efforts to promote the welfare of the poor,” butSsince then their sphere of usefulness has, with the sanction of the Holy See, been ■extended. The members of the Order ac commodate themselves to the necessities of the country in which they live, and, as is the case here, devote themselves chiefly to the education of all female children without dis tinction of class or creed. As has been indicated, the Tasmanian branch of the Order was established in 1866 by three nuns from Fermoy, Ireland. A year later four young ladies were solemnly received into the Pre sentation Order in St. John’s Church, Rich mond, and the present convent in Harrington street was erected. To show the increasing popularity of the Order it may be stated that there are now 16 nuns in the Convent, 13 of whom have been received into the Presenta tion Order in Ilobart. The Order has ex tended to Launceston, where a branch has been formed of 14 nuns, the majority of whom were initiated into the Order in Ilobart. By 11 o’clock, the time fixed for the commencement of the ceremonies, the Cathe dral was crowded, eveiy available seat being occupied, and many having to stand. A number of visitors were accommodated witli seats on the left hand side of the sanctuary opposite the altar of the Blessed Virgin, and comprised several well-known citizens. The high altar was artistically decorated with wreaths and floral devices and when lighted ■ presented a very beautiful appearance. The altars of the Sacred Heart, and of the Virgin were handsomely decorated, and the subdued light streaming in through the fine stained glass window over the high altar added to the effect. The name of the young Jady who on tins occasion embraced the religious life is, or rather, was, Marie O’Donovan, and she is a daughter of Mr. O’Donovan, librarian of the Queensland Parliament. She was a boarder at the convent, but left some three or four years ago, having completed her education, and returned to her parents’ home in Queens land. An orderly worldly life does not, however, wcm t" have had much attraction for her, and a year ago she returned to Hobart with a view of joining the order of Nuns. Having previously undergone six months as a postulant satisfactorily she was on Sunday formally received into the Presentation Order of Nuns. At 11 o’clock the ceremonies commenced. The great door on the right transept opened and the first possession entered, headed by the cross bearer, acolytes followed by the thurifer with incense, and quite a number of altar boys in purple cassocks and white surplices. Then caine the priests assisting at the ceremonv, the Revs. T. M. O’Callaghan and J. J. McKernan, Longford, the Very Rev. Dean Reechinor, Launceston, and finally the Most Reverend Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart in full Pontificals, having all the insignia of his exalted office. The Bishop having seated himself on the throne, and the other clergy having taken their po sitions, there entered another procession of an equally grand, although of a very different and moreinterestingcharacter. The procession was headed by Miss Kathleen O’Donovan, sister of the lady to be presented, and she was attended by three very little children. They were all richly attired in white, and were called “ the angels,” Miss Kathleen bore the processional cross, and was called the archangel of the angelic group, the three children, Misses Counsel, Morris, and O’Donovan (a younger sister) being her attendants. The group was followed by the boarders of the Presentation Convent, at tired in black, with white veils. Then came the nuns of the Presentation Convent two by two followed by the Reverend Mother and Mother Assistant, between whom was the novice elect. The dress worn by Miss O’Donovan was syunholical of the mystic nature of the ceremony. She was dressed in rich bridal costume of white satin adorned with rich lace, and having a long sweeping train. She wore orange blossoms, and a rich veil of old Limerick lace. The choir sang, “ 0 Gloriosa Virginum.” and the novice elect was conducted to the Bishop, who acted as celebrant, taking his stand before the high altar. The Bishop, who spoke in a tender fatherly way, asked : “ My child, what do you demand ?” To which the novice elect replied : “ The mercy of God, the Holy Habit of Re ligion, the charity of the Order, and the society of the mothers and sisters.” The Bishop asked : “ Is it with your own free will and consent you demand the Holy Habit of Religion? ” to which the novice elect made reply : “Yes, my lord.” Turning to the Reverend Mother of the Order the Bishop asked : “ Reverend Mother, have you en quired into the other points necessary to be known for those who enter into Religion, and are you fully satisfied thereon?” to which the Reverend Mother made reply : “ Yes, my lord.” The Bishop then addressing the novice elect, said : “ My child, have yon a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you think you have sufficient strength to bear constantly the sweet yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ for the love and fear of God alone ?” The novice elect made reply : “ Relying on the mercy of God, and in the prayers of the mothers and sisters, I hope to be able to do so. The Bishop then said : “ What God has commenced in you, may He perfect ; may the Lord banish from you the old man with his works.” The novice elect fervently re sponded “ Amen.” She then retired accom panied by the Rev. Mother and Mother Assistant to put off her rich bridal costume and don the religious habit of a novice of the Order, the choir singing ‘‘ In exitu Israel de Egypto.” The celebrant sprinkled the robes, which were given to the sacristan to take to the novice elect, and the blessing of the veil followed. The novice returned clothed in the holy habit with guirnp and veil, and having a lighted candle in her hand, the choir as soon as she was perceived sing ing the following antiphon:—“ Who is she that eometh up Loin the desert, (lowing with delights, leaning upon her beloved ? Thou art all fair, my beloved, meek and beautiful. Come my spouse from Libantts ; come from Libanus ; come, thou shalt be crowned.” The simple plain dress of the novice contrasted with her former gorgeous apparel, and was indicative of the step she had taken in re nouncing the fineries and vanities of secular life. Meanwhile, Mass was celebrated. The Rev. J. J. McKernan was celebrant, the Rev. T. M. O’Callaghan, deacon, and Dean Beechinor, master of ceremonies. The music was Farmer’s Mass in B flat, and was rendered very evenly by the choir, under Mr. McCann. The ceremony was then continued. The novice made a genuflection to the Blessed Sacrament, and knelt, the celebrant making the sign of the cross over her, and the remainder of the dress with which she is to be clothed. After prayers the Mother Assis tant presented the Reverend Mother with the cincture and the rest of the dress, who put it on the novice. After receiving the cincture the novice knelt, and the Reverend Mother gave her the blessed veil, the celebrant saying :—“ Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without stain, and mayest walk with Him in white, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.” The Reverend Mother then put on the novice her cloak, when she bowed to the Reverend Mother, then made a genu flection to the Blessed Sacrament, and placed herself on her knees. The Mother Assistant gave her a wax candle, and the celebrant sprinkled her with holy water and prayed. The celebrant then gave the name, saying, “ To him that overcometh,” says our Blessed Lord, “ I will give a new name.” “ The name which He gives you, my dear child, should animate you to resist with perse verance and to overcome Satan, the world, and yourself. Henceforth you, Miss Marie O’Donovan, shall be called Sister Mary Francis Xavier. Be the humble handmaid and worthy child of the august Virgin whose name you have the honour to hear.” The novice said, “ The empire of the world and all the grandeur of this earth I have despised for love of our Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth.” At the conclusion of the ceremony the novice embraced the nuns, by whom she was joyfully received. The Bishop concluded the cere monies with the Pontifical Benediction. It may be mentioned that the period of noviciate, to which this lady had been initiated, extends two years, and during that time she is at liberty to return to the world. At the end of that period the novice may he received to the Holy Profession, a step that is irrevocable. Owing to the length of the ceremonies the sermon was dispensed with. At the conclu sion the nuns entertained the members of the choir and visitors to luncheon. Much credit is due to the members of the choir and their leader for the excellent rendering of the music. His Excellency the Governor, who takes a great interest in the good work of the Order, visited the convent in the afternoon. In the evening vespers were chanted by the Very Rev. the Dean of Launceston. A sermon, appropriate to the occasion, was preached by the Rev. Father McKernan, of Longford. 