TAXING HiER DOWN. A swE YTOR scouY. Two girls, both young, and one superbly beautiful, eat conversing in a cosy sitting-room. In one of New York's mostaristocratiomaneions. The handsomer of thl two, Maude Pierson, wore a travelling-dress of brown merino, and was evidently resting after a joe.rney. In spite of a certain languor born of fatigue in her velvety black eyesa, a pallor of the clear olive skin, and her unbecoming dress, thegirl was undeniably a tbauty, of a gorgeous brunette type. Her companion, panning pretty, was of the same dark tint, but smaller in figure, and far from posse.sing Maude's great beauty. "Tell me about everybody," Maude said. "I am fairly hungry for gossip, after vegetating nearly two years in that abominable country hole, with my aunt. She has left me lifty thousmnd dollar.-, however, so the time was not altogether thrown away.." "Dead!" cried her companion. "You are not in mourning, and-why, Maude, you said you were going to Mrs. Ralston's this evening." "So I am. Aunt Maria has been dead six months, and requested me not to wear any black, and to return to town in November. But, Cora, tell me the news. Who has been the belle of our set since I left?" "You conceited girl!" laughed her friend. "Bah! Wltat is the use of playing mock modeat between ourselves. I would be an idiot if I did not know I was handsome. How is Fred Seymour?" "One question at a time, though I can answer those two together: The belle has been the object of Fred eynmour's special acvotion since she made her dibl't last month. Mrs. Hurley iatritluced her. She is a niece, I believe, of old Mrs. Mortimer, who died three years ago, and left her all her money." "But who iss he?" "Her name is Worthington-Ellther Worthington." SEsther Worthington !" cried Maude, sharply. "What is she like i" "' Tall, slender, very fair, with brown hair and eyes, delicate features, and unistakablhly a beauty. Sings exquisitely, and hlavin: beLen in Europe with Mrs. Mor tinie, I?ceaksl to or three nocern languages." " How old?" "About your age, I judge-twenty-four or fire." Maude broke into a iharsh laugh. "Mrs. Mortimer's niece ;" she cried. " Well, that is rich ! And no Fred. Seymrour is in love with her !" " lie is certainly very devoted. Everybody thinks it will bel match." "A match !" cried Maude, in anotherhburst of mocking merriment. "Fred. Seymour and Esther Worthington! Well ! well ! I tell you," she said, fiercely, "it will not be a mnatch I I wIll'take her down !" " What do you mean ?" "Will this belle be at Mrs. Ralston's this evening?" " Probably. But do tell me, Maude, what you know about her." "I know enough to cool Mr. Frederick Seymour's irdour," said Mlaude, "and lie shall l?arin the truth. To tihink of that girl's daringi to move in our set." " Well, as to that," Cora replied, " being handsome, accomplishled, reftined, and heirons to double youer fortune, Mande, I cannot see where the audacity comesa in, especially as Mrs. Iluresey lhas her for a guest, and we all know how particular she is. The Seymours themselves fire not prouder than the iurieys."' " Youe wait until this evening ! I suppose the (girl thdinks nobody here knows her. I'll ]humble her ! Shei won't attend any more receptions alter I've told my dtory." " It sl aoi is your tory e " " You'll hear to-night." " Teoll me now," Cora said, coaxingly. " No. Let nme lic down awhile and rest, or I will look like a ghost this evening." A very brilliant ighost it woul ihave been to resemblo laudle l'ierson, s o.'lilwy etcred Mrs. ltialston' reception rooml a feow 0ho.rs laiter. An eovening dress of garnet velvet, cut to display the beautifully rounded shouilders and :arln, and trinelllld with rich black lace, ornanecntl of diamonds, and 1: clasor of wlhite flowoer in tie jcltty Ibraids of hbai, all iheiglihtened lowr (queenly beauty. Look in;g across the crowded room she recognised iher rival in a tall, oledler girl, who wore white lace over Ipeaclh coloured satin, ad oramo ethli of fretted gold. Fred S-ymour was already in attendance, ai],pparently', for he was leading this ladly to the head of a quadrille just forming when Meade eoteied. The sight stimulatedl anew all tile veanolimous lhatrd of Esther Worthinglon thalt had beenc roused iy Cora'o descripltion. A cold-hiaortred, ealculating woman, devoted to dress, weallth, aod hourys, oellishI to hIer hlearts core, ctrrying the moiliug face of ai bIell over a bitter envy of all more fortunate than herself, Manide I'iersuo had never felt tLle tolch of wooliUlllonood is who-e lier hlelort o enlled to elmbraoe thie hIouldoonme face of Fred. Scimoar. An orllhanll, dpendent upo n ain aunt devoted to the frivolities of faslion, Maude's cdutti;oi had bee:, unpoerlcial, 1111and an1 undue value la:d beelIn given in her thoughtls. to tho :iliiilvantage' of birth, positio', and fortaine. Miss I'iersou was very proud of tlo 11linu blood in he.r own veins; and tloauod'le ollCCes all a i btlle wasas:i nluch a triulnlolph to her aunt an to Ieroelf. When the long illn',0s ott in thait drove M/iss Pi?ersoi to Ithe- ocloulioi mll d qluliit of ai country home, ber niece hadil begun to hliope that the iattentioinsi of l:rrd. 'Seymour were more than those called for lhv the ordinary requlirnementi of soeicvty. It had been a great bllow to lhr to be Boddenlys- whlirled out of tie vertex of city gaiclty, to b1 buried alivc in the little country-town lcwhere much110 of her chlildhLood hl pasId, nilder lier aunt's care. lrut she was far too pLlitic to miiurmnior loudlyo , and wllell ier relative died, it was with thell lir conviction thLit ill lMaude's tliender c.ure a1lind devotio wsiro diot:tlel bIy 'owarni.st iaiection. It was1 singularlly clharactcristlc of Mliss I'icrsoe, tlhat in her will sheL tipula:d tlhat Manide should return to tilet city six noillti aftler lher ldeath, arlll wealr in nlounrillg. In one of their last iiteriews she said to her: " Y'ou will soon0 be 5 MahIide, aul you slhall lnot bury yourself lhere next winlter. It might ruin your Iprospects of a good imatchl." Andl !Mlaulde, secretly cxulltat, w01p1 coliously as she ossited the dear :lu0,1 that "S'citty v ouhld hlave no 0olhritIs for her were she to be deprived of her life-long conlluanioin." Yet tihe tix liontlls driagge;l \ea\rilv wlhen e Ih heiress thoughlt of Fred Seymiour. Wotld lie love her hotter for her golden chlarms, or dild lie know her fortune, after all, owa5 snall compared with hlis own incomeo ? Hadi somni fairer face crlilled lier nmemory ? Carefully during tihe long oiomnlecr did tlhe beIautiful brutnlctte: cherish her own clormol, anld gloriouslyo they re. paid her care wheIn ile burst upon liher hld frienils, mioro iiupl'rbly lhandsoinle than evor, at Mrs. IRalston'arec'ption. Isthelr Worthllin?toln, looking at liher s slte cteredl tlihe roon00 , turned to ller colmpanio'n, saying, in a l0w Lone: " Is not thait liss Iierson ? " " Yes. I8 she not hIladsonloe? ' "lMagniflliently so! I carl scarcely inmagline a nmore regal beausty. Shle was nota very pretty chilld, dark and hlinl. Will slie reeogise lme, I wonder, as easily as I do hler? " SYou were lchilldren when -yoI bost meto " " About twelve ycars old. lIut we live I norar e.lch othIer for sixyeoars before that. Will nht' look down upon me now as seornfuIlly :s she did Ithen ? " " Hutsh, you pain tile ! " was tlhe reply. " Try to forget t dlarl;k dlay." " Nay, for tlihey nake happy os all tihe brighlter," was tlbe gentle replly. " Ilow to vour partlner! " For tile misaicof thle q:n rille noulnded in the long room, and attntionl was requieird lo tit' intricacies tlhroghll whlich liMis Worthilgtoi and liher partner proposed to lead their set. Whetn it ,vas over, Esther, l'anhilg upon0 her parnler's lnni, turnedl to lind llerelf file to face witll Maoude 'ier son. With a swveet sltile selo extendedl her Ihand. " lave you forgottlen ie ? " alte asked. " I remembl:r you iwell," was the reply, ill a freezing tone, " aind I colifes lc iy Isurrise is very great to neert an nalomshouse girl .tinlolgst mi!y ftlicnda." " An allnshouse girl! "' cried s'everal voices. " You may doubt ime," saild Mland, asawering them, " but Ict MIissWorthington deny, if nshe canl, that alo waas alienl froml tlie alnlmslloue to be tile nursery-maid of MHrs. 'l'lroatoll, nmy aunt's cousin and neighlbour. Let hIlr tldenyif she cot that sie dlin a imetial'o work for yeara in their house. Slihe si:Iyv pa1m herself offl as Mrs. Mlortimrr's niece upon strangers, but I, knowini:g lier, decline the hoInour of lhecr acqulaintIance." 'Tlr: delicate, beautiful face of Esther Wortllington land grown very pale during Lhis insulting address, but slto dlrew herself erect as iauglhtily a Maude Pierslon herslelf, as tlihat youig :lady ceased to speak. " All you hlavoe said is quite true," slho rellied, " andl my only reason for concealing the facto you now forco upon my fricnds was tlhe request of my dear aunt, hiMr. Mhorlinier. Mrs. Illri:ee-, ?lMr. Ilalsloi, and1 evcral othIer of.tho.oe whlo honour me with their friendship, know well lhe family" hiitory yea foice i li to'lotilt 1o toir friIeodl here. You will pardon tile for obtruding my private atftirs upon you, but sinoe .li.nI'ier:on hasl aacottlckcld n1 veracity 1 mi0st defend it. MIsy parents were married lagainst the wilishes of iny mollher' fathlier, wholin carried hisl Iesellntmlent to the grave, and cat mly nmother out of his will. When I was a babe my father died, ntdmlv mother, ill, fceble, pI'enile.ss, was Itake to tlhe alnlhoonse, where olie too died. Iler ister, Nlra. Mortimer, was il ELropeo at the time, and ntnawarv of lty existence. " What 'Mi.a l'icrson lh:oos] so delicately told velo of my chiilhollod is quite true. I was takten front tlhe'nlmlsholto to 1111 a e.rvant'a pl:ce, but my employers were kind, ind I was allowed to attlnd school in theli winter. I think tlirey will tslifyl tlint if I' oldntticsoere nicnial tliny weoro fallfully |lerformncd, and 1 dloubt if Miss ijeronoi can in;le a better loaf of lbroild, .or tidy a louse moro e neatll t111ht mysielf. When i was thireen mtv mIt retlumed looim, ;and found Ille out. Since then J liave been her chlarge', inld llhe kindest love was lavished u0pon me until, at netr aeaut, t Decame the guest of my friend, lire. IHurey. I hope you will pardon me for taking up somuch of your tnime, and if you deire, with Miss Pierson, to decline the further aciuainu?nce of au almshouse girl, I tcan only accept your d,-isioi with some regret for a deceit that w.v, only in accordance ith the wishes of the dead." ' Stay a moment," said Fred S.ymonr, as the friends of the beautiful cirl would have prea ed. more warmly than ever around her ; '" itt me speak one wot. lBy the request of Mies 1Worthinrt.,n, I have refrained frotm men tioning the honour she has confrreetl uplon tme. and whieh is thie crowning pride and happiness of my life. When I asked her to become my wife, to give me the priceless treasure of her love, the told ise the story you have just heard, and I, too, joined my entreaties to those of her aunt. Not," hlie added, hauglhtily, " that I valued my future wife the leas, but that I understood that even in our bent society, there are some ignoble enough to count her early misfortunes as a shameful fact, and ignore the beauty of character that could keep her heartnoble, pure, and true, even in the' lowly home to which the misfor tunes of her parents condenmised her. MlssWorthington, will you take my arm to the conservatory? you are, pale, and need rest." With an air of tender protection, of fond pride, ho led her through the group of friends, who spoke warmest words as she passed. Finding her a seat near thie fountain, he said, in a low lonte : "I am glad they all know IIt, Esle, for a secret in a troublesome burden." "Butyonu-oh, Fred., if itohammeye u ' , " Ilush! I never lionoured you so highly, or lovedl you so fondly, as I did when that girl founid her insulting rounts answered by your owi ligr'ilied frankness. We will not speak of it again. Riest here till I find you an Ice, and we will return to our friends." "Maude," Cora said, as the girls unbound their hair in their own room Ibefore retiring;"' I doe't think your little 'scene' was altogether t success, From the wnarmta of her frieitat, . wlhen EIther Worthliugton re turnied to the reception-room, aitd Fred. S?eymour'a devoth n, I really imaginei yoi plaedl that young indy upon a higher pedestal of favour thai ever, iUi -your anmiabl endeavour to ~Ait; i twa DOWN." 