rrcetrade Association Papers. No. 6. WOOL AND LABOE. i Bt W. H. Suttor, M.L.C. Many years since the late Rev. Dr. J. D. Lang ?was s, member of oar Assembly. Ab a general rule he was afflicted mth ' Bquattophobia.' On one occasion he had been delivering a violent tirade of abuse against that much reviled class, the wool-growers. Having completed his oration he sat himself down by -sT member who -was a station-holder, and who was also a Scotchman, as was the doctor. As soon as the doctor had recovered his wind, Eaid his neighbor, ' Whaat* 3 the reason doctor ye're always pitching into the squatthers.' ' Weel, ye see,' said he, ' she's snch a gran' auld coo' she'll always stan' milk ing.' My object in writing this paper is to prove the truth of the doctor's words, to show what a ' gran' auld coo' the pastoral interest has been to New South Wales, to show how she has freely poured forth, the streaming richness that has given life and activity to many other industries — in short, to show that as an employer of labor this ' gran' auld coo' has been in the ' past, and must be for a long time in the future our prinoi pal source of national wealth and prosperity. I venture to think that this inquiry comes at an appropriate time, when we find a section of the community publishing a political programme which expresses ' dissatisfaction with a policy (?) which has made our interior a sheep-walk.' Nature has, fortunately, or unfortunately, made our . interiors an admirable receptacle for the digestion of mutton, and our backs and limbs seem, from my rheumatic point of view, at least to require garments -made of wool to cover them. Whether or not the destruction of our interior as a sheep-walk will cause our interiors and outer bodies to rejoice is a matter for question. However, it is worth con sidering if cheap animal food and woollen cover ing has not some slight advantages to poor prac tical mortals, who regard hunger and cold and nakedness as things not easily borne with. To return to '-our muttons.' In' doing so. I must apologise for using some figures, which are always very dry reading. But as the destruction of the pastoral industry is threatened, L humbly desire to point out to those who are about 'to wage such a fierce war against it, just in mercy's sake to stay their hands while the poor little mouse makes his humble petition and shows cause why execution should be de layed at least- for a season. In round numbers our ' interior sheep-walks ' carry some 36,000,000 (thirty-six millions) of' the most useful n.TiiTniii that mankind has (no doubt under very mistaken views) domesticated. However, there they are, for some useful purpose let us hope. I remember once dicing at a lodging-house, and among the guests was a clergyman of rather peculiar appear ance and of deep sepulchral voice. Stewed quinces was one of the principal after dishes; and let me eay, in passing, that stewed quinces with cream and sugar is a very palatable conclusion $p even a saddle of mutton. During one of those pauses that sometimes will happen even in the liveliest company, our friend 'with the sepulchral voice broke silence. The Ghost in 'Hamlet' could not have made his statement more solemnly or deliberately. Anxious to catch sny word to relieve the monotony, we all stayed the masticatory process and listened. 'A most excellent vegetable is the quince ; you may bake them, you may boil them, and you may make jam. of them.' 'Well you may do the same with tie sheep, only more so. Now these . 36,000,000 of sheep, for some silly purpose of their owners,axe yearly denuded of their wool. The amount paid directly to the persons who perform this operation is at the rate of .£1 (one pound) p«»r hundred, or a sum of .£360,000 (three hundred and sixty thousand pounds). - So far as I can learn the average number a shearer will shear in the season is probably about 4000 (foux thousand), and here I think I am rather over than under stating the number ; that means that some 9000 (nine thousand) persons are em ployed in this occupation. Certainlyj they are not employed for a very long period, but they make exceptionally high, wages while the work for four months is going on — say, from 10s to 25s per day. Now the wool having been taken off must be rolled and sorted and packed, and this en tails an outlay of at least another 10s per hundred sheep, or £180,000 spent on useful labor. Then the wool must be carted to the railway, and as in round numbers the quantity will be some 80,000 tons, the average price paid will probably be some £3 per ton or .£240,000 more. Now, these other Bums amounting; to .£780,000 go directly into the pockets of those wno call them selveethe 'working men,' and from them it pas sea away to more working men who have to supply their wants, to shoemakers and tailors, tobacco growers and makers, harness .makers, wheelwrights, and blacksmiths, and others too numerous to particularise. Now, to this spring season harvest from the wool shearing, I must add the amount paid 'in manual labor. There are at least 3600 ' boundary riders,' at a cast of about .£70 per anrratn each, equal to .£252,000. Then there are overseers and storekeepers and bookkeepers required, whose wages will probably total a sum of .£156,000, which bring up the annual wage paid out of the sheep-walks to ^£1,182,000 (one million one hundred and eighty two thousand pounds). In addition to this, we should add a sum (which it is impossible for me to obtain) paid to the. employes on the railway lines for the work they do in connection with wool ; also the amount paid to carters, ware housemen, dumpers, wharf laborers, and seamen, Trho get. something out of every bale of wool that passes through their hands at the seaports. It must be obvious to' all then the 'gran' atQd coo' drops a good deal of very nutritious milk as she goes along. Now we must consider the amount spent in labor, . but not a neces sarily ' annual expenditure. What I mean is an expenditure not r' repeated upon every sheep - walk, but an expenditure that has enormously increased the carrying capabilities of the country, and thereby added much to its wealth. JTbie expenditure is that for permanent improvements by buildings, fencing, water supply,' and ringbarking. For eome of these items, building and ringbarking, I have not been able to obtain reliable dais. But we know that some 776,289 miles of fencing hove been erected at a, cost £39,588,189, that ifl, soae 40,790 stock-holders have expended as modi money, in fencing alone: as will equal more than half the revenue of Great, Eritiun, and nearly the whole national debt of. : Jfow South Wales. JVo ftoubt accBHidei^le^parij^thia amount has been^p'aid to jO»r felloys in;j^iglaii(i (the iron workgrs), And hap enabled - th«ra Jbo buy and use more of our wool, thus conferriag a doubla; tiass ing\ For water, supply 12,845 dams fcave bent constructed, at a cost of .£1,470,752, and ldjS?^ tanks, for which ^£3^79^24 'have been .paid. Wells kaye been sunk' to the number of 2648, and the well-sinkers have earned thereby ,£683,184. The total sum then peid away in the last twenty-five . . years.. . . fear, , -permanent improve toenta has been equal to .£45,471,189- : I say 25 : years, because, to the 'best of . my recol lection very little of anything had beea.fipent ia this way before i860., imust leave bnildinga and ringbarking out- of my calculation for irauufcof sufficient information. . Bat independently of the buildings required upon the sheep-walks them selves, I think »re: may, fairly credit to the wool all. the labor employed in. the erection, ol the towns situated in the pastoraliareas, and among them I-should reckon Bourke, Wilcannia* Wenfc worth. .. Hay, Nsrcandara, Condobclin, I-abbc- Deniliquin, 'Wagga . Wagga, and many othttm, with their -busy populations of diatribnfonr and -workmen alL -dependent open ike '.aulcl coo' f«r their drop of ^nnik. . I re gret that I have no reliable i Snfarm«tJott about f uraghnririTifcj : -. crhinri J loot ? OpOB «8 one of the' greatest improvements that can be done npon thejazui: .And here I will state that are due fox tiuB-imprOiyement. Toshow the effiact I will simply state thj? -oto experience. I have an interest inra-etatum irhick before 'seleo.^aa' contained some 40,080 acres of good open Soceefc land. In that condition no more 4mm 45J3QB? sheep could bekept wan ife,- The ^pMjpi. J 3b Teduaedto 20,000 «a» now, iti. allrfBjb-idted, andibiayeai 20,000 tiuep and 7600 tenitosm 'be shorn, and la fhe paddook* tltm 3s w,iini»jf\;f too mn*h- tpgmr TJ» ^fll.-J^. *fa ««a that neatly ^rSm .i^SMkay .jSSWP .«? VB*ai. capability is due principally to ringbarldngj J.) had almost forgotten to draw attention to A* 1 millions of money spent in labor in taking the '? railways into the pastoral districts, and' the double benefit this has conferred upon the working man. It has found Mm employment and has provided him with mijwiqI food much cheaper than he could otherwise have procured it. This paper is far from being exhaustive; it is intended to be more&uggestiTe; than complete. Bnt in tracing effects to their causes it will be seen now much of our natural prosperity depends npon that industry which nature, who is not by any means a fool, points out as the best adapter to our position. We may depend upon it that other industries as they are required will develop themselves, and that the ' attempt tc extract ' sunbeams from encumbers' in order to warm the world had much better be delayed until a more profitable result is obtainable *J''» our . present needs and scientific knowledge either require or make possible. ' 