MEhll :>! ! -O [?] 1 riit-iy tuenfi'u." I lor- tin .t ve <f | Hid m-inlb' iiitl:- 1 i-in.- j.t p-fi ri- - r : Nv.v York hid I: ' i.v any ! t,. t; I :J l-» i m iWo licr Ies pirl.'. - m l/;r -if in th" c.i ui i ol Mr. Mauguu Brown, who m-k. i i-y be; i biynlly. sim ws; the fioqu.ir of tin: tii'vciilff- I street household, ami rite wus nut favorably I'omnicntc.i upon r.Sru,vi. Alter tbnt ilinr.er at tlio Gamboges'. — vrirnn Violet flirted so outrageou'ly with young Orjiiment that even Verona's pl.ioii -pint was ruffled, — Mrs. Gamboge said "to Mr Gamboge, iff .the privacy of their own chamber, thut sho was very sure that Ibis wild Mexicau-lnsli girl would bring ull their gray lmirs down iff sorrow to iho grave. Air. Gamboge, who had rather a solt spot in his heart for Violet, ami to whom the mystery of Miss Caledonia's back-hair was a mystery uo longer, glanced shrewdly at the toilet- tuble, grinned in a manner that was highly exasper ating, and made 110 reply. Air. Gamboge re gretted liis adoption of this line of rejoinder; but Mrs. Gamboge — having suffered peace to be restored when she found herself in pos session of the J udiim shnwl, for which her heart hud panted all winter long — iuclined to the opinion that brutality was not without its com-, pensating advantages, after all. Aud being a pickle, Violet throw herself heart and sonl into tho pari assigned "to her by Rowney Manve in tho realisation of his idea. " It's delightful, Rowney." (Alumina al ways used to call her gentleman frreuds at Fort Leavenworth by their lirst names, Cousin iMnngan. I am sure that you might let me do what mamma did," Aliss Carmiue had observed with dignity when Air. Mangan had suggested to her oue day that this somewhat uncere monious mode of address might be modified advantageously.) "It's delightful, Rowney. Really, I didnt't think tbnt you had the wit to think of doing anylhiug so funny. Of course, I'll keep as dark about it us possible. If that sweet little Rose were to got wind of it, I believe she'd faint ; and funuy littlo old Cousin Caledonia would have n fit ; and Van would be seriously horrified and disagreeable. Aud even Cousiu Mangan, who is tho dearest dear that ever was, wouldn't like it, and he'd end by coax ing me out of it, I'm sure. And I dou't want to be coaxed out- of it, Rowney, for it will be the best bit of fun that I ever lutd anything to do with. But 111 have to have somebody fllooff- you know. Aud I'll tell you who it will be — that nice Rose d'Autimoinc ! She's just as bad as thev all say I am — I dou't think that I'm very bad, Itowncv : do vou ?— only she's sly, and knows how to pretend that she isn't. May T tell her about it, and ask her to take u hand? You'd better sav 4 Yes,' for unless she comes in I'll stay out, you know." Rowney, who though acquainted only with the Eoeiefy of young American women, was un acquainted with the natural young American woman's instinct of self- preservation, xvhich is most shrewdly manifested iu her determination always to have one of her sex with her in her escapades, whs rather staggered bv Ibis pre position, and was prepared to raise objec tions to it. Bat Miss Cnrraiita gave him to understand in short order that liis objections could not be entertained for a moment. Ho would do what sho wanted, sho told hitu decidedly, or lie would not do anything at all ; ami Rowney, not altogether unwillingly, for ho did not want to get Violet iuto a scrape, gave iu. Therefore, tho aid of Aludnino d'Au timoinc was sought, and was given with effu sion, for marriage had not tended to make her take a view of lifo much more serious than that which sho had entertained when her scandalous fiirtutiou with the "Ahirquis" had driven poor Januc almost to extremities. So theso threo lively young people laid their re- prcheusiblo heads together— and if Ruber- son's cars did not burn, it was no fault of theirs. It was tho morning after this conference that Rotvncy Manvo dropped in upon Roberson in his studio. "Oh, 1 in glad to scc|you, Mauve," said Rober son. "I was just wishing for somebody to como in to tell mo about this thing. I'm not satisfied with it exactly, nud yet I dou't know what there is wrong about it, cither. I must cxpiaiu, though, what I'm driving at. I call it 1 The Real nnd tho Ideal ' — though I've been Blinking that possibly 'High Life und Low Life ' will lie better. On this side, you see, I have a pile of turnips nud a cab bage anil a mackerel, and on this side a Taso of roses and n glass globo with gold fish in ft. The idea's capital — contrast, nud that sort of thing, you know. But somehow the picture don't seem to come together. I've changed the composition tvro or three times, but I don't seem to get what I want. 1 do wish thnt you'd give inc your advice about it. What you honestly think, you know." "To tell the truth, Roberson, tlio way vou've got it now — the tilings all along in a row liko that — it looks a good deal like ninepins after the first ball lias cracked into 'em." "No? Does it though ? Why, I do holieve ou ro right, Alauve. I've been thinking my self that perhaps tiie things were too scattery. Aud yet I think there's a good effect in tho wa' that they riso gradually from this oue turnip here on tho left to tlio roses on the right. 1 can't paint out those roses again, tlioy're too good. Don't yon think that thoy'ro better than Lainbdin's ? I do. But I might lnovo the globe of gold iisb over to the loft, aud then have tlio mackerel and tho vegetables along in a row between it and the roses. How do you think that would do? I've got to do something in a hurry, for tho mackerel I inn using for a model is boginning to smell hor ribly. I hope you don't find it. very bad. I jmt carbolic ncid over it this morning. Oh, dear ! Mauve, I don't seem to- be able to do anything in these fiavs, now — uow,": and Robersou's voico bccamo lower, and hud a tono of awe in it," that I no longer hive a guide, you kuoiv." " That's just what I came to sp'cak to vou about, Roberson. " "Goodness, gracious, Mauve, you don't mean to say that you have — that you luvo found a Aicdiuin ?" exclaimed Roberson in great excitement, springing up from his chair, and dropping his palette and maulstick with a clatter. " 'That is just what I do mean to say, old innnj but I wish that you wouldn't jump around so. It disturbs the atmosphere, and fans the fish, you know." "Oh! I beg your pardon. Just wait a minute and I'll put somo more carbolic acid on it. But tell me about him. Is ho really a good medium ? Havo you tested him ? Is ho knocks, or Toice, or a slate ? is he " "Ho isn't a ' he' at all ; he's a she." " A ' she' ?" " Yes ; a woman medium, you know." " Oh," said Hobersou, doubtfully, und with less brightness in bis face, 44 1'vo never tried a woman medium. Do you think they're apt to be ns good as men ? " "Notns a rule," Rowney answered, in the graic, careful tone of one who had given the subject a very thorough investigation and whose decision was final. 44 No, not as a rule ; but, as an exception, yes. Dugald Stownrt, in his admirable chapter on clairvoyance, i spiritualism hadn't come up in his day, you know says that 4 the delicate, super-sensi tive nerve fibre of .women renders them far more keenly acute to psychic influences than are men. It is for his reason that women, and women only, have given us trustworthy evidences of clairvoyant phenomena.' Tlio ominent Professor Crookos, during his re cent exhaustive aud most fruitful experiments upon the element to which ho has given the name of psychic force, bos arrived at a conclusion which substantially is identical »>?! I.' H.I"! «< by (V 1 trret 8-oWh p' , t. f . i.-j, i .» is , 1 v ir, < poiitifelri "> Ii. 1 ''"r ' : .xte— m- ills With ; -i li-. i iliic fact lhn- i i ill my !; -..(un. nn ii.- uuly uu-- which ill.- i -1! r '» . y-1 1- : , I .i r- i -iitir.fly -atisfsc- -TV I. iv- i th.!.- in which the operating I. - r a wnrviu: nil-) ir in this fact I r teiduJ.? flint -nly in the exquisitely sensitive uervous sirurlare ot women mi? pruj)cr media fur the iu"t interesting, most astonishing clar< of p-vebic phenomena be toini." Now, wli.it can you say in opposition to Ibis positively uxpri't-cd opinion of tie grott English scientist ? Surely, Riberson, you will nut have th-> temerity, not to suv 'be downright impudence, to ?"t up vour opinion, bos.'d only on your own meagre experience, against that of this profound investigator — agaiust tbo diet uiuof the man who has invented the Radiometer : " Roberson was greatly astonished, as well ns greatly impressed, by this eloquent and learned outhnrst ; and lie was a good deal puzzled later, when his most diligent search through tho works of the authors named failed to dis cover the passages, or anything at all liko thorn, that Rowney bad quoted. 44 What a wonderful fcllowyou nrc, Mauve!" he said admiringly, 44 1 lind uo idea that yon had gono into the matter in this serious way:" 44 Well, when I set out to know anythiug, I do liko to know it pretty thoroughly," Rowney answered airily. 4 4 But I hope that what I've said lias weakened your projudico against women mediums. A man of your strong intellect, Roberson, has no right to en tertain a prejudice liko that. Of course, though, if you don't believe in women mediums, we will say uo more about this one that I have found for vou." 44 Ob, plcaso don't speak that way, Manvo ; I see that I have been very foolish, and I want to meet this ono very much indeed, Who is she ? " 44 She's a Theosoph." 44 A what1? " 44 A Theosoph — a member of that won derful and mysterious Oriental Cult thai Madame Folavatsky has expounded 60 ably. But of course you know ull aboat Theoso- pliism." 44 1 — I know about it in a general way, you know. It's something like animal magffetism, isn't it?" 44 Yes, it's something of that genera), na ture" — Rowney found that he was getting iuto rather deep water himself, and he floun dered n littlo in getting out of it. 44 Yes, it's liko animal magnetism in a general sort of way. And baring this magnetic basis, you see, of course, it affords u wonderfully per fect channel for communication with the spirit world." 44 Of course," Roberson assented. 44 And this particular medium," Rowney continued, speaking with confidence again, now that the awkivurd turn in tho conversation was safely past, 44 is without exception the most extraordinary medium that even Theosophism has produced. She doo3 everything that ordi nary mediums do, nnd some most astonishing tilings that they don't. Of course you've seen materialisations, Roberson ? " "Oh, yes, repeatedly." 4 4 But of people who were dead." 44 Of course," 44 AY ell, this Theosoph will show you, will actually show you, materialisations of tho liviug !" 44 You don't say!" said Roberson, greatly interested. 4 1 It a a fact, I assure you. This lias nover been done before, and even slie litis been able to do it only recently — after twelve years of study among tlio oldest Pajamas of the Cult in India. It's wonderful 1 And, what is more, she can materialise inanimate objects — -can ntake things iu distnut places appear visibly beforo your oyes. Oi courso she can do the tranco business, nnd knocks, and slate writing, and ail that sort of thing, you might say, with one hand.'" 44 YV'omlorful I — YYtonderfnl ! " exclaimed Roberson. 44 Right you arc, my boy- She is tho most wonderful medium that the world, at least tiie western world, has ever known. Sho is — she is what a Colorado newspaper person would call a regular daisy, aud no mistako ! " 44 And when can I see her, and where ? Oh, Mauve, my heart is beginning to brighten again. I'm sure that sho will set me in tho right way again about my pictures and — and about Violet, yon know." It was witli some difficulty that Rowney restrained liis strong desire to box Robersou's onrs for this free use of Aliss Curmiue's uutnc, But he did restrain himself, and answered : 4l You shall see her this very night, and in iny studio. She is here in New York only for u day or two — she starts for India again at tho end of this week — and has no regular piaco for her sdauces, so I have arranged with her lo como to my studio this evening at eight o'clock. YVill that suit you ? " 44 Yes, yes; and thauk you a thousand times, Alauve. I shall ho grateful to you all my lite for what you have done." 44 YVill you, though? Dou't be too sure about that," said Rowney, with a queer smile. 44 Guod-byo till eight o'clock. Phew I how that fish doos speak for itself !" Egyptian darkness reigned in Rowney AInuvo's studio when Roberson entered it at eight o'clock that evening. Roberson did not more than half like this gloom aud mysterv, Rowney, leading him to a seat, felt that lie was trembling. 44 Hus the Indian lady come yet ?" ho asked n a shaky voice. 44 Tho Theosoph ? Y'cs, hero she is. Permit me to present to you, Aladain, an earnest seeker after truth." _ 44 It is well" was answered in a deep Toice, that quavered as though with suppressed emo tion. 44 YVhat seeks this earnest seeker?" 44 Now crack away auu ask about the, pic ture. You'd better begin witli thut, and take the other matter afterward," Roivuey whispered. "Alustn'tl call up an advising spirit first? That's tbo usnal way of beginning a seance, you know." 44 Oh, of course; that's what I meant you to do," Rowney answered, in some slight con fusion. 44 Is tho spirit of Jan YVeenix present ?" asked Roberson. There ivas a regular volley of raps, and thee the deep voice auswered, 44 Ho is 1" ("/lis; there is no sex ia spirits," mur mured Hoivney, sotto voce.) 44 1 am ever so glad to meet you again," Roberson said, quite in tlio tono of one who greets an old friend after a. long separation, 4 4 1 m dreadfully muddled about this new pic ture of mine — High Life and Low Life, you know. Won't you please tell mo what I must do to get it right ?" " Behold it as the great Weenix himself has painted it I" and tho deep voice was deeper, and also shakier, than ever. "Now you will seo ono of tho wonderful materialisations that I told you about," Rowney whispered, "Only the most highly gifted even of tho Theosophs can do this sort of thing. Look I" In one corner of the room there appeared a soft, 4 hazy glow, covering a space of about 3 feet square. Tho haze passed slowly away, and as tho brightness increased a pic ture became risible. It was Roberson's picture, sure enough ; but the composition had been modified materially. The roso bush, was in tho centre ; on one side of it was the glass globe fillod witli vegetables ; on tlio other sida was the mackerel, standing straight up on Us tail ; while the four goldfish, stauding on their fails and touching fins, were circling around it in a waltz. "Oh!" was all that Roberson could say on beholding this astonishing rearrangement of his work. 4,Now,i isn't that wonderful?" Rowney asked impressively. 44 Ye-es, it certainly is, Roberson answered, with hesitation. 44 At least, it's very wooden to M m»»«-ri,iV.iti'n : ifi'!"!. J nwr i ft/tlmi:; |i« if. I'm' rui.r, y-m kn <. M.HTO. tl'H :tlMtl..-'Mt '-II'. ' ! ill-' JiTl'lf" I. II w-t i.'i« 1; i» ) tin y JII Uiiuk, tl:at i> f: i.i/n in'. r ! inw 'flit-iu.1! JOUlff,: -.1 t'no i:n 1.I1..i / Yi.'.l know tlut Jreti ittjljil'll H'ttirtltfl'' .. " Liku «;! ir=;- t ?!' nrutre; if.l'i :\l ilto Jilion.- -t' -I 11 vucv, " 1'rccifvlv," JC.jii. r- m .mnvcre 1. "And wli.it iim v hi do 1 Kon ? Willi tin.' tolcpliouo you rtn- lor the :xfli:iii(;8 nptuli and Sivcur at th"in. Hut that lvoultlii t <lo ivitli the spirits, I SUJIfJOat. ' " Of course not. Sa n BoUerson, a ;;.i0d deal liurrtnetl. "No; rite proper ihinj; to do Yvhcu this hr.ppcns is to drop 11II attempts to toiiiinuiiic.it'.' iviili the spirit that has bceu tailed, mid the effort of which to come lias been frustrated, and to continue the seance wi h others less susceptible to malignant in fluences." " With tho Thcosopbs the custom differs a iittlo. Being more potent than ordinary me- diurns, tboy usually insist upon the atlcndauco of tho spirit called. Still it might ho well in this caso to adopt the plan that yon mention. Suppose you go right itlicad and demand a materialisation of Miss Carmine, and then have things out with her?" " You don't mesa to say that tho medium San do that ? " " Indeed I do. Didn't I tell you that those Thcosopbs could mutorialiso liviug peoplo? You don't seem to understand, Kobcrsou, what a tremendous power is bore at our com mand. But I'll manage it for you." And Howlcy continued, in a deep, solemn tone, " Madam, I conjure you to compel tho visible presence of tho spirit of Violet Carmiue !" As Bowney ceased speaking, tho materia lised picture vanished, the hazy light dis appeared, and profound darkness came again. Then tho phenomenon of the gradual appear ance of the light was repeated ; but this time they beheld behind the misty veil, not Bober- lon's reconstructed picture, but the wraith of Violet, herself 1 Oddly enouglf? the beautiful apparition seemed to ho deiug its best not to laugh. Boherson was so overpowered by this astounding sight that Iiv v.;re rpcechloss. It was monstrous, thin awful pow'r that could subject a living being to its 6Way, so far he- Violet's to tho life. It was too much for Boh erson. His demoralization was comploto. Mauve 1 Mauve 1 for heaven's sako help mo to got awny 1 This is no ordinary medium. It is tho very Power of Evil that wo lmvo in voked 1" " That's a pretty compliment to pay a lady, now isn't it ?" nnd tho apparition spuke with a certain amount of sharpuoss. "As I didn't come here to he called bad names, I shall leave ; and the next time the.t you havo n chance to speak to me, yon will be apt to know it, my lad I" With these decisive words, Miss .Carmine's wrath faded uv.'av, and the misty light slowly vanished into darkness. "Oh, take 1110 awav! tukc ine away !" moaned Boherson feebly. In his terror he had sunk down in a Iittlo heap of misery upon tho Boor. " All right, old man. Jost wait bait a minute, though, until I speak a word to tho Thcosoph." Boherson heard Bowney cross the room, perceived a momentary gleam of light — such as might come when a curtain that conceals a lamp is quickly raised and quickly dropped again — and then came tho sound of whis pering, Heberson's fear wns leaving him a little now; but in the darkuoss, without Bowney to guide him, ho did not daro to stir. Suddenly the whispering, becoming less guarded, was audible. " You shan't 1 Go away 1 " "I shall 1 I cau't holp it 1 You'vo no idea what a lovely ghost you made ! " Then there was a sound of a scufi'10 that ended in a crush, and thcro, seen in a blazo of light over tho falion screen, was Kowuoy Mauve iu the very act of kissing Violet Carmine. The whole apparatus of the trick was disclosed. I11 the pari of the screen that remained standing was Ihe sqnuro holo where the pictnro had been visible; and tho gradual \ coming and going of tho light, and its mistiness, wcro accounted for by tbo dozen or so of gauze curtains, arranged to draw hack ouo by one. Aud there was tho picture itself — even moro shocking when seen clearly than when hidden by the inisiy veil. On tho outer sido of tho screen, where she conld manage tho curtains, stood Boso d'Antimoine. As lie sat thcro on the floor and perceived by theso several disclosures how careful Iho preparations had been for making a fool of liim, and as I10 painfully realised how admirably well ho had beca fooled, fear ceased to hold possession of Kobcrsou, and in its plnco cumo spiteful rage. " It's a nasty, mean trick that yon havo played on mo ; nnd I'll get even with yon for jt, sec if I don't. You ought to bo ashamed if yourselves, every one of you ; and I'll make you ashamed, too, before I get through with you." " Oh, come, new, old fellow, it was only a joko you kuow. Don't bo unreasonable ahont it and rniso a row." "Yon muv thiuk it a iokc, Mauve, to have theso ladies here at your studio at uight, and to go on in that scaudalous way with Miss Carmine ; bnt 1 don't thiuk that cither Mr. d'Antimoine or Mr. Brown will sec ranch of a joko in it! Oh, you'll repent all this 1 I'll teach you to play tricks 1 I'll fix you, yon mean things 1" Bobcrson's voice, never a deep ono, roso to a shrill treble as ho delivered theso threats, and in a perfect Iittlo whirl of fury ho rushed out ot tlio room. The fact must ho admitted that the three conspirators, being thus delivered over into tho hands of their intended victim, were pretty badly crcst-fallcn. They kucw that Boherson ocrtnlnly had it iu his power to mako tilings exceedingly unpleasant for them ; aud they knew, too, that I10 certainly intended to use his power to the very uttermost. Decidedly the outlook was not a cheerful one. As they left the studio and the wreck of their spirit-raising apparatus, (hey all three were in a chastened and melancholy framo of mind. " There's been a dreadful rumpus, Bowuey," Violet said wlieu, ns they had agreed, they met in tho friendly shelter of Madame d'Auti- moine's drawiugrooin . the next aflcruoon. ' " That mean little Boherson has told every body everything, and — hot water's no name for it ! Mr. and Mrs. d'Antimoine liavo hail a regular squabble, though they've maila things op now; and ltose lias been crying till her lovely bluo eyes are all swollen and ugly ; and VAn is in a perfect Apache rage ; and Verona is dignificdly disagreeable ; aud Iittlo Mrs. Gamboge got so excited aud indiguaut Ihat her hack hair all went crooked aud nearly camo off, and she had to go upstairs and fix it ; nnd dear little Mr. Gamboge looks solemnly at me, and I hoard him say as 1 camo by the parlor door, I am sure that Mr. Orpiment would not havo hesitated to characterise such conduct as highly reprehen sible.' And tlio wo-worsl of all Bowney," and Violet's voice broke, and her eves had tears iu them, " is that Cousin Mangau won't get comfortably angry and have it out with me, but is just miserable and mopes. All that he said to 111c was, ' Mr. Boherson has told mo somtbing that I have been very sorry to hear, my child,' and Ids voice didn't sound . right, and I know that he wanted to cry. Oh, Bowney, I'm the most wretched girl in tho world !" Bowney was feeliug low in his mind already, and this frank avowal of her misery by Violet made him feel a great ileal lower ; and he was cnt tho more keenly berausc neither by her words uor her mauuer did she imply that he was the cause of it — as he most certainly was. " I nm scry, very sorry," be said "Yes, I'm sure you are Bowney; nnd its ever so good 01' ycu, you dear boy. Yon see 1 — em ami Vi»M MothH " »!u! I. ri.- m ail 1 . ,< y 11 .n: Vt-v iu.' iv Hi..: war. uf eurr " 1 krimv !:, t iii. In rvin anvlhing hr il. mil l a ' r" I I d .11 1 'i.i! why they ni.uc "fit n fu s ebon- j i». MamUM biw lul l mo that ".refill "f her I gentlemen friends at tort |jea»en«("M " ' ' to fcisi her whenever Ihev got 11 rh.i.i , u' ilial she always used to ltox tlie.r c us wit; a- ever thev did it. Now 1 ssnmh.T. N.u.j! continued, struck bv 11 liappv thought, " I w n |er if it's because I didu't box sour our. Ihat tliey nil object to it so? Be?an«o it it is, von inn iv, 1 might do it vet ! bhall I ? and sle looked nt hint half inquiringly, half with a most bcwitchingly saucine.ss. The comfort of telling her troubles to so sympathetic a listener was having a very reviving effect upon her. She certainly did not look at all liko the most wretched girl iu the world now. Bowney moved a little closer to her they wcro sitting on the sofa, and took her hand in his. "Violet!" She started. Ho never had called her \ io- lot before. But she did not take away her hand. " Violet I" Bowncy's voice had not its usual mocking toue, bnt was qnite grave aud had a strange ring of tenderness in it. " My little girl, there's jnst one way for mo to gel vou out of tbo scrape that I've got you into, aud that's to marry you. May I ? " "Oh. Bowney 1 Do you raeau to run away with me ?" "Well, I hadn't exactly contemplated run ning away with you, I confess," said Bowney, grinning a little in spite of himself. "Hadn't you. though?" Violet answered, with a touch of disappointment. " W by. grandpapa ran away with grandmamma, and they had a lovely time. Colonel Smalt, that was grandmamma's father, yon know, started right out after them with dogs und a shot-gun. and chased them for two whole days. Aud at last they came to a river that they had to swim their horses across, and the Colonel, who was close behind thorn, swam fter them. And his horse was dead beat, 1 mnldn t swim ; aud the Colonel would havo been drowned if grandpapa bad not coma back and rescued him. And the Colonel insisted upon fighting grandpapa right there in the water, and ha did cut him pretty badly ; and it was not until grandpapa hold him under water until ho was nearly drowned that the C lonol gave in. And then grandpapa carried him safely ziborc, and after that, of course, tliey were the host of friends. Wasn t it all delightful? I ve heard mamma say again and again how much she wns disappoinlel because papa did not run away with her. So don't you think, don't you really thiuk, Itow- noy, that you'd better run away with me, dear ? " And have Mr. Mangan Brown and Van and Mr. Gamboge galloping after us, and swimming the Hudson, and peppering us with shot-guns ?" " Yes 1 yes ! Oh, do do it. Bowney. It would he such splendid fun, and would be so very romantic !" " All right. If yon really want to run away, I'd just ns lief have things arranged that way as anv other, and it certainly will snvo a lot of trouble. But don't count too much on the shot-guns, for I don't think it probable that Mr. Mangan Brown and Mr. Gamboge will come out strong in that direction ; it isn t ex actly their line. And now lot me have a kiss ; just one to to make it a bargain, you know." And Madame d'Antimoine, coming in nt this moment, assumed an air of stately hencvnlence, and said, " All, my children, is it thus? Lot me then give to you tho blessing, as is douo by the good mamma in the play.-' Mr. Mangan Brown did not adopt the shot gun policy. Indeed, this policy was rendered quite impracticable by the fact that Bowney and Violet, immediately upon accomplishing their marriage, did their running away on board of Bowncy's yacht — a mode of de parture that Violet approved of rapturously, because, ns she 6aiil with much truth, " it wns so like eloping with a real pirate." But Mr. Mangan felt pretty dismal over it, anil wrote a very apologetic account of his stewardship to Scnor Carmine. He tried to mako tho best of things, of course, pointing out that in the matters of family aud fortuuc Bowney really was quite a desirable son-iu-ldw ; but even after ho had mndo tho best of it, I10 could not help admitting to himself that the situation was one that a prudent parent scarcely could bo expected very heartily to enjoy. And ho was most agreeably surprised, thcrefoie, a month or so later, when Seuor Cnriuiuc'3 let ter escaped from tho Mexican post oflico and camo to him laden with olive branches instead of the thunderbolts which I10 had feared. Violet's father was not angry ; ou the contrary, ho seemed to bo highly pleased with "tlio excellent match" that his daughter had made, aud expressed his unqualified approval of the " spirited way" in which 6ho had mode it. " She has done honor to herself, to her mother, aud to tho education tliut she has received," Sonor Carmine declared, " and we arc very grateful to you for giving hor the opportunity that she has so well improved." The letter concluded with a most urgent invitaliun for Mr. Mangan to come down for six months or a vear, and to briug with liim Mr. and Mrs. Gamboge, Van nnd Boso, Vcroun and young Orpiment nnd Monsieur and Madame d'Anti moine, with all of whom, this hospitable Mexi can gentleman wrote, I10 had made a very pleasant acquaintance in his daughter's letters. Aud enclosed in this commnuicatiou was a note, signed Brigida O'Jura de Carmine, of which the therno was a breezy laudation of that lovo which defies conventionalities aud langhs at lock smiths and is tho true parent of romance. " Well, Eince they take it this ivav,!' said Mr. Mangan Brown, with n great sigh of relief, as ho laid down tho letters, " 1 must say that I'm glad she's gone. At niv tirno of life close asso ciation with snch a— such a very volcanic voung woman 11s Violet is — is rather over whelming. It's like being tlio Czar of Bussia, and having tho leading Nihilist right in the house with me. And it is a groat comfort, just when I thought that everything was end- iug shockingly, to find that everything has ended pleasantly. For — except that Violet has left that coufoundcd parrot, behind her — every thing has ended pleasautly after all." And only Boherson, ainoug those who had enjoyed the rather mixed pleasure of Miss Carmine's acquaintance during licr sojourn in Now York, dissouted from tho optimistic view of the situatiou thus formulated by Mr. Mangan Brown. Iu this matter Boherson was not optimistic; be was a- pessimist of tho deepest dyel. When he come to know what a boomerang his revenge had turned out to be, ho forswore both love and spiritualism, und settled down to art with tho stony calmness ot despair. And it is a notablo fact — thoogh a fact not unparalleled — that the longer be painted the more abominably bad his still-lifcs were 1 — Century. 