FALLEN FORTUNES. By TAMES PAYN, Author of ' Lost Sir Massingberd,' ' Walter's Word,' etc. chapter xxiv. — advice gratis. It is said that it requires a very brave man indeed to take to his heels in the midst of a battle ; and certainly Mrs. Dalton shewed not a little courage in running away from her Hostess, ana tnus avoiding a discussion, wnicc some instinct told her would be painful to an extreme degree. If she felt any humiliation in leaving her apparent mistress of the field, it was more than made up to her by the sense nf enfranchisement — of escape from her unwel come society ; and when she sought that of Dr. Curzon, who was talking with her husband in the library, it was with no intention whatever of returning to renew the combat. Mrs. Campden, on the other hand, would not perhaps have experienced much annoy ance, even if she bad waited for the reappear ance of her guest for the next hour, for it would have convinced her that Edith was afraid of her — for hitherto Mrs Dalton had shewn no fear of her cousin — and been so far an acknowledgement of the new relations which disparity of wealth had established between them. As it was, however, the bell {.sounded for kettle-drum in a few minutes, ant} ever alive to such domestic duties, she descended to the drawing-room to superintend me tea-table. There she found Mr. Holt alone } he generally presented himself at the intermediate meal, not that he ever partook of it, but because he knew that his presence was regarded as a sort of attention Iiy his hostess, who did not find it easy at tiiat 'hour to command the services of her gentlemen guests. She welcomed him on this decision hy a beaming smile, and then sodileiily Incline overspread with gloom. '* This is a terrible misfortune that nas over taken our friends, Mr. Holt,' ' Yes, indeed, madam. I cannot say how deej»l-- 1 feel it.' ' You, however, do not, of course, hear of it to-day for the first time ?' ' Well, no. I have had my fears — between ourselves — for some time respecting the par ticular investment the break-down of which ha* caused this catastrophe. I advised Dalton to get out of it ; but you know he is difficult to persuade.' 'In other words, he is obstinate as a mule,' return :-1 Mrs. Campden frankly. ' I can easily imagine the trouble he must have given you to keep him straight even up till now.' ' He hail always tne best advice I had to offer him,'* replied Mr. Holt modestly; 'but be look fancies to this and that — a weakness greatly t- be deprecated in business — and speculated ? ' ??Ail n.nv, he has utterly rained himself and ail i-e'.onging to him?' observed Mrs. Camoil -.i impatiently *? I ??? f- :id he has been very hard hit in de-- . ?!' ?!?. Still, if he would be content . gre.it loss, to be sure— or per raiher say, if he would consent -c i'.-ora his liabilities ? ' * 1. ni means bankruptcy, does it not? — Ptav. uke a cup of tea, Mr. Holt.' -.' Thanks. — Why, no, madam ; it is not Iwnkruptcy. He has a notion, it seems — quite a oimereial one, in my opinion — that there is still something to be got out of this mine in Bti./il. He is resolved to throw gocd money after bad by going out himself to St. Jose ? ' 'Oh, I don't agree with you there, Mr. Ii-ilt,' put in his hostess quickly. ' I think he can't do better for himself and for those be ionging to him' — here she began to speak very impressively — 'than go to Brazil. Things will settle down much better in his absence: his high-flown and extravagant notions, quite nn suited to his changed circumstances, are, I am convinced, not shared by Edith and the dear girls ; they are simple in their habits, and will, if left to themselves, take a sensible view of their position. They are a little spoiled by fattery and incense, at least poor Kate is, but you wall see that she will now be quite a dif ferent girl.' ' Indeed, I hope not, madam,' returned Mr. Holt earnestly ; ' in my humble opinion. Miss Kate Dalton can hardly change for the better.' ' I am sure Miss Kate Dalton ought to be very flattered, and I will venture to say, would be so, if she coould hear what you say, Mr. Holt. I am atraid she will not receive so many pretty speeches now, as she has been accustomed to, poor girl.' ' She will deserve them all the same, Mrs. Campden.' Doubtless, doubtless : but those she does receive will be sweeter. It is a sad fall for her, when one remembers that tt was only last season that die might have been a conntess for the asking — or rather the asking -was the other way—and now, of course ? 'Here Mrs. Campden broke off to sip her tea, and instead of adding ' almost anybody' as she had in tended to say, she smilingly concluded her sentence with : ' Well, in short, *?' no reason able offer,' as the tradesmen say, is likely to be refused.' ' I suppose it will make a difference,' said Mr. Holt thoughtfully. *' Of course it will ; the girl is not an idiot.' Holt started, as though he had been ttt-.ng, and exclaimed, *' Mrs. Campden !' ? ** There, pray, don't be angry,' retained his faoSttSjt laughing outright, a very rare thjn with her indeed ; it was on that account, per baps, that the laugh did not sound quite natural, and indeed expressed as much scorn as mirth. ' I had no idea (hat you City gentle men were so diffident and unenterprising.' 'The most enterprising of us often fail, madam.' ' Yes, once or twice,' returned she quickly ; ' but that is no bar to your final success.' A curious change was manifested in both the speakers : the haughty and somewhat reticent Mrs. Campden had become earnest and almost vivacious ; the impassive man of business, usually so deferential in his manner to his hostess, had grown tenacious of his own opinion, and at the same time soft and gentle. It was with a sigh that might have been Lreathed by a woman that he replied : ' I would I could think so, madam ; in any case, time and opportunity are necessary to recover from such reserves, and to encourage me to tempt late anew.' ' You shall have them both, Mr. Holt,' con tinued she rapidly. ' As my cousins will now remain for some weeks at Riverside, whyshould you not do likewise ? You are very welcome to remain here, if you please.' ' But I am not sure whether Dalton, or indeed your husband himself ? ' Mr. Holt hesitated. ' I am mistress of my own house, sir,' broke in Mr. Caampden imperiously; 'if I have asked you, that is sufficient. Mr. Dalton will be oft to town to-morrow, and you will have the field all to yourself. — Hush ! there is some one coming. — Why, Kate, my dear, I thought for once you were deserting the tea- table.' For an instant Kate turned a little white ; it was her first meeting with her hostess since the tidings of her father's ruin ; and though she had schooled herself to behave with equanimity the eflort cost her something ; then her eyes fell upon Mr. Holt, and she felt the hot blood passing into her cheeks, and flaming there. These two had been talking about her, some instinct told her at once ; and though they had, unquestionably, a right to do so, she resented it exceedingly : every nerve in her body tingled as though a designed affront had been offered to her. ' I thought you had been alone, Mrs. Camp den,' said she coldly. ' I have had my tea,' cried Mr. Holt, rising with ludicrous haste, and sweeping the crumbs away from his legs with his pockethandker chief. ' I was just about to go when you came in.' 'Nay, nay ; there is no reason for your going away from us,' said Mrs. Campden in her most gracious manner. ' I think, by this time, my dear Kate, we may almost consider Mr. Holt as a friend of the family. There is no one etd of the family, I am sure, who regrets the mis fortune that has happened to you all more than he does. Oh, my dear Kate, I am so dis tressed about it.' This affectionate outburst was accompanied by an embrace, to which Kate submitted with the best grace she could. ' Blood is thicker than water, dear,' con tinued Mrs. Campden confidently, '* and youi best friends — till you come to have one dearer and nearer than even they — you will always find to be your relatives. Mr. Holt here will do me the justice to say that I have just ex pressed to him ? ' She looked round for corroboration, but the witness she cited had disappeared. One of the drawing-room windows was open ; and through it, finding his escape by the_ door cut off by his hostess, Mr. Holt had quietly stepped on to the lawn, with a bow to Kate, by way of apology .foi having remained even so long as he had in ob vious opposition to her wishes. ' Why, where on earth is the man gone to ?17 cried Mrs. Campden with indignant astonish ment. 'I suppose Mr. Holt thought himself A trofi,' observed Kate quietly. ' He was very foolish if he did ; and I am bound to say, my dear Kate, since we are upon the subject, that you were still more foolish it you induced him to believe so. Mr. Holt is n man of means, and indeed even of mark in his calling — and there are very few gins, no matter what their position, who would be justi fied in treating Eis attentions with con tempt.' ' I cannot understand how any girl could be justified in doing that,' answered Kate quietly. 'Well, well, you know what I mean. There are some young ladies — only a very few — who can afford to give themselves airs ; and there are others — very numerous — who can not afford it ; it is well for them when they are not compelled by circumstances to put up with the airs jaf. other people. There arc governesses, for instance. ' I hope, my dear, I may never hear otyour going out as such ? ' ' It is very likely that you may, Mrs. Camp den,' interrupted the girl calmly. ' Well, as I have just said, I hope not ; but it is, of course, possible, if your father's ruin is so complete as we have reason to fear, that cir cumstances may compel you take such a course. We should all feel it — your parents, your sister, and ourselves — as a great tnisfostune, though not, of course, in the light of a dis grace.' ' Indeed, Mrs. Campden, I hope not,' answered Kate haughtily ; ' my father's daughter is, I venture to believe, incapable of bringing disgrace upon any member of his family.' ' Of course, of course ; I don't mean that' returned her hostess quickly. 'But your taking one up so sharp, is just an example of how unfit you are to undertake any subordinate position. If you were a governess, you know, people would say what they liked to yon ; that is, they would speak their minds very plainly ; I always did so to Mary's governesses.' Kate inclined her head assentingly ; she had every reason to believe the statement. ' Well, here is an opportunity, my dear girl — at least he has just gone out of the window — of avoiding this most , unpleasant contingency.' ' If you please, Mrs. Campden, I would rather not talk about this matter.' said Kate, looking up very flushed, and with quivering lips. 'But that is exceedingly foolish. Why hesitate to discuss what is not a mere theoreti cal affair, but something which is certain to happen ; why refuse to hear any mention of poverty, when you are about so soon to feel its sting?' I feel it now, maHarn — at this moment,' re turned the girl with intense significance. ' ' But it was not to our poverty that I was alluding : you are welcome to dwell on that to you heart's content. But with respect to any — with res pect to that gentleman's pretensions to my hand, for to such I am compelled to believe you refer, I will {not be schooled ; I will not listen to you ; it is a matter with which you have no concern whatever, while God still leaves me a mother.' For a moment the bitter ness — the sense of the harshness of Fate ? which the young girl felt in her heart of hearts, was permitted to manifest itself in her tone ; but the mention of her mother evidently softened it. 'I must beg, I must entreat, Mrs. Campden,' she continued pleadingly, 'that you will never mention this subject to mamma. She could not endure it ; it would pain and distress her to an extent that I think you are hardly aware of.' ' I am quite aware of it, my dear,' answered Mrs. Campden composedly ; ' and it is out of consideration for the state of her health and ? and condition — that I have addressed myself to you. A mother, as you suggest, is the proper channel for such advice ; bat, in this caseTit is for your mother's sake I speak, and she can hardly plead her own cause. I say nothing of your father, though bis regret at seeing his dear ones reduced, through his own folly, to a position so foreign to their experience, must indeed be poignant; nothing of your poor. invalid sister, henceforth compelled to give up ill those luxuries which to one in her condition Eire almost necessaries ; nothing of your little brother, so young that he is incapable of under standing the change that ha* shadowed his prospects. Ali these things can be remedied, if you please ; but I speak of your mother only. She will never complain, of course ; but she will suffer all the more. Every slight that may now be offered to her husband, in return for a sharp word in other days, will be felt by her sensitive spirit like a poisoned dart. The withdrawal of fine-weather friends ; the open satisfaction of enemies : these things will tor ture her. She will see yourself— her pride and flower— -no longer the centre of admiration among the dazzling throngs of fashion, but wearing out your days in poverty and seclusion, without a chance of such a suitor as she might of old have reasonably, expected ; some doctor or curate, or gentleman-farmer at th the best, will necessarily fall to your lot ; she will see Jenny ? ' . .... 'Spare me!' cried Kate imploringly. ' Do you suppose I do not foresee these things as well as you — that they are not brought home to me here ?' and she pressed her hand pas sionately to her heart,. ' 'That mry be so,' continued the other calmly. ' But what you evidently do not see is the reverse of the picture; the change that is in your power to effect by the utterance of a single monosyllable. It is not as if you were asked to' sacrifice yourself-nas many girls are called upon to do — at the shrine of mammon ; you are not selling yourself to some miserable old man, who has only his gold to recommend him, and who has forgotten, if he ever knew, what love is. Mr. Holt is a man in every way estimable, and who— as you cannot but be aware is passionately attached to you. You will make him the happiest of men ; and in time— for these things grow, my dear Kate ; the fanciful affection of a girl for a lover she knows nothing about is not to be compared with the esteem and affection bom of the dura tion of a husband — I say, in time he will make you the happiest of women. Of course you don't think so now.' Kate had turned very pale, and sank down rather than seated her self in an arm-chair. ' It is so difficult for a young girl to listen to the voice of experience irf such a matter. That is why I preferred in the first place to speak of the material aspects of the question, a consideration of which must surely needs carry conviction. In accepting this gentleman^you will confer inestimable ad vantages upon your family, to benefit whom he is only seeking for such an excuse ; of course I don't mean mere mean gifts, Kate, though: whatever he may do for them under such cir cumstances, you may depend upon it he would feel the obligation to ue upon his side. He has opportunities — golden ones — of putting things in your father's way, without any cost to himself whatever. I think these should be strong arguments, even though there wereother means of extricating your family from their embarrassments ; but there is absolutely none. This expedition of your father's to the Brazils. Mr. Holt tells me, is a fool's errand.' ?' You think that would be given up,' put in Kale suddenly — ' that papa would remain with mamma, in case I — that is, if Mr Holt' ? *? My dear Kate, I wouldn't precipitate matters for the world,' interrupted Mrs. Camp den ; ' I think it upon the whole advisable that your father should take the voyage.' ' But you said it was a fool's errand.' ' Yes ; but he will never be convinced of that without a personal experience. Heaven torbid, too, that any arguments of mine should induce you to take a hurried step in a matter so important ; but I adjure you to lay them to heart. Remember, you are the only one to whom those you love can look for assistance — Lmean, of course, for permanent assistance, added Mrs. Campden, while a tinge of colour deepened the extremity of her nose. ' It is not as if you had sisters to whnm a similar chance might offer itself. Your parents have only another burden in poor dear Jenny, who (Bust always be a source to them of expense, as well as anxiety.' ' Hush, for God's sake !' cried Kate im periously. The flow of Mrs. Campden's eloquence bad been such as to drown the noise of the opening of the door, and she was quite unaware that Jenny herself had entered the room. There she stood, white and wan as a ghost, with her magnificent eyes fixed upon her hostess, with an expression of un utterable calm ' Do not be distressed for me, Kitty,' said she, with exquisite softness. Then, in the clear, incisive tones that were habitual to her, she added : ' And as for you, Mrs Campden, I should indeed be sorry that any one beyond our own family circle shold be troubled upon ray account. That I should always — so long as I live — be a scource of anxiety to it, has been, I am afraid, decreed by Fate ; but as to my being a burden, I hope in that respect your apprehensions will not be realised.' ' O Jenny, how can you ever be a burden to us !' exclaimed Kitty reproachfully. 'In the manner that Mrs. Campden has pointed out, dear,' answered her sister calmly. ' She has, with great good sense, and without that foolish fastidiousness that would keep some people silent upon such a matter, laid her finger upon our weakest point — namely, the expense which an invalid like myself must nccessaaily be to my father and mother, who are no longer in a position to bear it.' For the first moment or two of surprise, the mistress of Riverside had looked anything but the superior being which, in comparison with her young guests, ciruurnstances bad recently made her ; she had been discomposed, con fused, and flustered ; there was even a fleet ing instant in which she bad meditated an apology for having involuntarily wounded Jenny's feelings ; but perceiving first no direct resentment in the girl's manner, and then that her own arguments had acquired an unexpected ally, she began to take courage. ' Of course, my dear Jane, I should never have spoken upon so delicate a matter as your illness, had I dreamt you were within hearing. But Kate and I were having a little talk upon a private topic, during which it became neces sary to touch upon all the inconveniences to which, through your father's losses, your family would be now exposed.' Tenny's eyes glanced to Kate and back again with the quickness of those of a bird. 'I by no means wish to inquire into this private topic, Mrs. Campden, 'said she firmly ; ' but I should wish it clearly to be understood that any arguments founded upon my being an encumbrance to my parents — upon my incapa city to earn my own living — have been ad vanced in error. If any important step were taken by any member of our family'— here she glanced agiin at Kate — ' upon that supposi tion, it would be a great mistake; and if it involved anything of sacrifice, must needs be bitterly repented of, since it would have been made in vain.' ' But, my dear child,' expostulated Mrs. Campden, with a certain maternal air, which perhaps, of all her mental disguises, became her least, ' it is perfectly ridiculous- that a gitl in your position — a confirmed invalid — can ever hope to obtain any situation, as a governess, for instance, or to make money by her own exertions. With all the goodwill in the world yon know, how is it possible that you are to do' it?' ' My dear Mrs. Campden, that is an affair of my own,'- replied Jenny decisively, 'as private as your late topic with Kitty ; and you must therefore excuse my discussing it. — Here is Mary come at last. Mamma is still closeted with Dr. Curzon, by-the-bye, and bade me say she would take no tea.' ' (To be continued. ) 