~;.iyAs wu'çïkM. XV, Cf'i- .. tor ..-rr~*-v.,, ;:\ i i i y ? . \- "Ay, marry, now untangle your avÍ3dom."-Rosalind. '4 The action of Mr. Salomons in resigning the position ' (of Chief Justice will call forth mingled feelings of pleasure and regret. We shall all feel grieved that we have missed the opportunity of securing one who, in many vsaj'S, is, so eminently qualified to fill the high position which was offered to him. On the other hand It cannot but be a source of gratification to us to know that we have amongst us a man of light and, leading who is able to take a view of the situation which is alike remarkable for manliness and patriotism. Mr. Salomons- might have accepted the position, and have trusted to the public sense of light and justice to support him. in it. He must know that in doing so he would have had the support also of his profession and of the public at large. But no one knows, better than Mr. Salomons that it is essential for the right conduct of public business that the Chief I Justice should be able to work in complete sympathy and harmony with his colleagues and that in proportion as that harmony is disturbed the interests of the public are likely to suffer, He has been great enough to subordinate his sense of personal in justice to the public welfare and to feel that however much their sympathy might be with him, and might eventually. compel-as it must his in-other judges to bow to the public will, an interim might result prejudicial to the post interests of the community. And recognising this, he has given up a, position which he might well have maintained, rather than allow the country to suffer. Mr. golomons'neod not fear that his patriotism will not be appreciated. Patriotism. is too rare now-a-days for us to be able to afford to neglect BO signal an instance of it In retiring from his appointment he will retire with the hearty sympathy and respect of the whole (community.' Beef, feeling this, need he retire IIIa . . I was 1 But what are we to say about the action that caused Mr. Salomons to take this step The people will not be satisfied with vague generalities. They will look for some solid reason for conduct that at present appears unaccountable, The matter gains added importance from, a report which seems well founded, from which it would appear that Mr. Darley only refused the Chief Justiceship on the distinct understanding that Mr. Solomons would accept it in the event of his doing so. No one is in a better position than Mr. ''Darley to judge of the qualifications of his forensic rival for the post and Mr. Darley's opinion carries with it the weight of that of the effective leader of the bar, as well as of one who, having himself had the offer of the appointment, is able to speak without suspicion of jealousy or favour. If, Mr. Salomons should stick to his determination, we can only hope that Mr. Darley will reconsider the reasons which led him to decline the offer which was made to him. But, in any case, we shall all be glad to know why an indignity has been offered not only to Mr. Salomon), but to the public which has seen fit to choose him. For, after all, the loss is the loss of the public rather than of- Mr, Salomons, We remarked the other day that Mr. Salomons was giving up a great deal to give us his services upon the bench. As far as respect is concerned, his position will be raised, not lowered, in the eyes of the public by the action which he has taken in the matter. Why do Forno plays which are conspicuously wanting in real merit survive and Why do others which seem to possess it die so quickly ? Here is " Pygmalion and Galatea,'' which has been drawing good houses during the past week, for instance. What is there in it? A story ? No. portrayal of character ? No. Dialogue I Well yes, of a kind, and rather a poor kind too. ' There is a proverb which tells us that any stick, is good enough to beat a dog with. That proverb forgets that it is just possible that the stick may not be good enough in one respect. It may not be strong enough. I suppose that Mr. Gilbert thought when he wrote the play that he was stirring society finely. Shade of Swift! What time it is ! and how very weak is the cudgel with rrhiehhq would belabour us withall A modern edition of sterne this, with the force of Sterne departed, and little but his love of what Thackeray rightly calls " dreary double splendid" left to us. I have t often wondered what the Tray war meant to be. Is it a comedy, or a f area, on a burlesque, or what is it ? Evidently the players themselves didn't know the other night. Mr. W. J. ÏLJJJpway evidently thought it was a burlesque, and played up to that level consistently. From that point of view his mock heroics were excellent, and his popular ¿olrveronoas had the true ring. Miss Essie Jenyns, on the other hand, was constantly relapsing into true comedy, and Miss Alice Deorwyn was never quite able to get' away from it Mr. Charles Holloway and Miss Kate Arden, on the other hand, recognised that they had to play low comedy parts, and played them very well indeed. And everybody gave us a bit ç-jEjfarco every now and then. I think the play is more at fault than the company. Of course it is rather late in the, day to say much' about a play which we have most of us seen more than once before ; but every time I see it there comes the same wonder at its continued BUOCOBS. I don't think Galatea suits Miss Jenyns, or that she feels quite in sympathy with the part The would-be pathetic portions of the play had a hollow ring about them. She means a good deal too much, and the catch in her breath, which is a habit which she will (hays to got over, was more conspicuous than ever. In much that she does she seems to be trying to follow the lead of Miss Mary Anderson, and in doing so she is, imitating one whose natural powers are not nearly so great as her own. But we must not draw many conclusions frora.,80 wretched a part as Galatea, I hope Miss 'Jenyns is going to make up for all that has not been, quite admirable by giving us a very charming Beatrice, and I wish that Mr. Holloway would give us a specimen of his powers as the Ghost in " Hamlet" ? . . * * . In private business establishments, when there is not enough work for the hands, either the machinery works three-quarter or half time or some hands are dismissed. by the Government red-tape factories a different plan is followed. ' Those, in consequence of the deficiency of raw material to be manufactured and of the superfluity of workmen, instead of working shorter, the men have been commanded to work longer, hours, There is pro- found wisdom in this. Firstly, it gives the public the, notion that there is plenty of work to be done. Secondly, it sharpens the ingenuity of the workmen to discover a process by which the work of the morning may be undone in the afternoon. Thirdly, it can be made into a useful cry to go to the country with after the dissolution. It will take immensely with the general body of the electors, who like to see the Government employees squeezed and the gratitude of these last will overflow among their relatives and friends, so that the ballot-boxes will hardly hold the Votes they will poll for the authors of these new rogue otions. 1 * ' i 2 2 2 . Those, happy creatures among us who are able to possess their souls in the repose of infallibility, while their neighbours are being painfully exercised on free trade or protection, are to be very much envied. But it is not always the man who writes, or silk, or spouts on those perplexing topics with the outward and visible signs of absolute convictions who is himself inwardly convinced; for wavering faith and a tremulous conscience very often live inside the man, who. outwardly, is more " cocksure " than Macaulay, and, if possible, more canopied in facts and figures than even Mr. Luscombe or Mr. Pulsford. But as it is of the very essence pt leadership that the leader shall seem to have an infinite bullet in himself, many of us who affect' to be leaders deem it proper to drop abroad ' hint's' occasionally with the object of cutting it on record that those who differ from us must suffer either from mental imbecility or moral obliquity, or, it may be, from both. Thus, Ooiuiaei, giving legal opinions on the knottiest points, or the most Qpaquo or conflicting sections of an act of Parliament, is always "clearly of opinion," as, to. ' And thus, political or economic oracles are always expressing pity for the feeble intellect which romamSj unsatisfied by their arguments.' "I cballengoiony sane human being to deny that this is for" "I defy any freetrader (or protectionist) to dig prove this statement ; " " These facts and figures are Absolutely unchallengeable 3'' and so forth. As though in the whole 'domain of human things there were anything alj<_lu_ly true except, perhaps, that the human race will be extinct. just about the time when it »ane!arly,fit tOiiQcoivo the revelation of absolute truth! While we are waiting for the coming of the political millennium' (and the vox clematis is not yet quite audible there is more than a grain of wholesome con- I Inflation in such advice as Mr. W. Edmunds tendered touches Herald's readers last Tuesday. He says those citizens should be marked' as pernicious who at this juncture, without any of the requisite study or experience, moved much by self-interest, and little, if at all by patriotic zeal, lyingly proclaim with their flippant tongues that they are as God-sent guides for the people in the coming crisis in" and he advises " every honest man to look to his books or his approved advisors i for guidance." Exactly ! But where and what are the books we ought to study and where and who are the approved advisers ? As far as I can see into the matter, it will be very difficult to distinguish the approved adviser, from the " pernicious citizens " who declare that some omnipotence agency has commanded them to take up the cross and preach political economy to the people. And as to the books, there is another difficulty. A course of economic reading for business and busy men would occupy, say from two to five years, according to the assimilative powers of the student. Meanwhile, Mr, Abbott or Mr. Soft Goods has swept" the country, and just as the students, fog! ready to range themselves on one side or the other, they are told that the contest is over, the country swivel," the voting finished, and a new Government with a " brutal majority " at their back sworn in. -Tovoftholoss, Mr. Edmuncjs's letter is an excellent one, and I wish him more abundant leisure and a better library than are likely to fall to my lot. And I am in far worse case than Mr. Edmunds, for if I were examined as to the precise meanings of " free trade " and a' protection," the examiners, if they were honest, would pick me. I think they would pluck most of the " God-sent " far, as I know anything about them, T. - T 