A NIHILIST GHOST. So muoh has been Eaid lately regarding the I spirit world, and of warnings through super natural agenoy, that I may be accused of writing on a worn-out subject. However, in spite of this, it may interest many to bear the following strange occurrence which happened in a well known family Eome years ago,. and which was related to me by my friend Mr.-, on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you the story as near as possible in this gentleman’s own words:— “ Two or three months after marriage I took my young wife down to my nlacc in the north of Scotland to spend the New Tear, it having been a time honored custom in our family to do so. Though the weather was bitterly oold wo all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was ths only lady amongst ub, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year’s Day we gentlemen were amusing our selves in the billiard room (it mast have been nearly twelve o’clook), when I was sur prised to hear Violet's voics calling me from above, she having retired Borne time before. On going up to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of sledge balls, and that on opening her window Bha had seen one quickly approaohing, drawn by a magnificent pair of blaok horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so sho had leant out to see it she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfeot stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglhor eye, he held up hl3 left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger conld be, and had called mo up to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in SBblea. I baing well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was soma visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not baen dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a mo3t import ant letter. When I related my wife’s story in the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should nil sally forth in a body and search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alaority, any small excitement always being socsptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for onr not being able to discover traces of the sledge. We Boon got tired oi the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made the best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when we chaffed aboutTccr melancholy | visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the sub | on separating for the night,(the doer of the smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife ruBhed in, her dressing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, Bank into a chair, gasping out: “ He baa coma again !” Seeing that sho was really affeoted, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of approaching sledge belle, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to the window, where she I discovered the sledge had been brought to a I standstill at exaotly the same spot as on (hi previous night. On her appesriace the drivor, looking up at her steadfastly, baa raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt moBt indignant nt what we began to think was a very imperlinent practical joke, and, confiding my wife to the care of her maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We I ran out eagerly; the night was dear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shock when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there muBt be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould ha the victim of any snch delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watoh in the billiard room—which was immediately _ beneath Violet’s room—on the following night, and wait for what might ocour. In the mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub ject to my wife, and the next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Sometime alter she had retired for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to commence onr vigil, where we turned down the gaa and drew up the bUnds, and were all on the jut vive for anything that might happen. Thesilenos was becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and the sound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife’s room, from whenco it had proceeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It was. a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, conld restore her to consciousness, and even then ahe seemed almost aenricus, and kept wailing out, “Why does ho come? What does he mean?” ^ , The maid afterwards informed me that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her nntil her master came up and she had stated she did not intend un dressing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for eomething she expected. Sud denly she had given a violent start, and leaning ont of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether she could not see anything ooming up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a otill moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared ehe could see or hear nothing, and had only just turned from the window when sho was horrified to sea her mistress stagger back wards and fall fainting to tho ground. The violent shook that my wife had received to her nervous system resulted in a long and serions illness, and as soon as she could be moved I took her on the continent, where she shortly recovered her health and spirits. We neither of os ever alluded to the cause of her illness, Bhe feeling peculiarly sensitive on the subject, and resenting my having treated ' it as an hallecinatiou. Tnougti ar.paTcnt.ly forgotten by us both, I did not consider it judicious to fpeo.l the coming New Tear in Scotland, ar.d'wo ih.,rcf.ira ngrjsii on paying r. long premised visit to St. Pacurshiirf; w :Gie I had many intimate friends in 1 nil ivatial circles. Oa our arrival they all v.cd with each other i;i showing us hospitality, my wife wr.s immensely admired,and h'r vivacity and wit made !i?r very popu'ar. .Ta«t bifora our in tended de parts re one of leadt rs of society arranged a boil is our honor, to which Violet belied forward with great pleasure, and made roost elaborate preparations. When tho night ci this fete arrived, end ray wife entered the room dressed for the ball, I thought I had never seen her iool; so lovely, with that iaoh of joyous anticipation on her countenance that a ber.otiiul woman always wears when she it euro of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel-, oar destination, sh3 amused ma by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoy ment. Oa arriving there she ascended the steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we were about to enter tho door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly palo, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which oar car riage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she excitably ex claimed, “Look there!” pointing to the foot of the stops. 'When I declared 1 saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew sha would die, and, finding remonsi ranee only in creased her distress, I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get aa explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to sopport her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an a wed,"almost seared voice Violet informed ma that on entering the Hotel-she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to see who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her eo much terror the previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy B3ble3, and using the same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me, ill tho same I felt quite grieved to notice what change thi3 strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant, joyous beauty of a short time before. Just as wa were about to oat foot in the carriage a terrible exploiion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel-, where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists), ana not a soul there had esoaped. 