SPORTING TOPICS. Our Melbourne correspondent sends wor?dl by wire that Newton and his backers were yesterday afternoon drawing out articles for the Foley match, and that a responsible Sydney man would moset likely be selected as stakeholder. Probably T. Kelly will be asked to act in that capacity. The articles were to be forwarded last night. If eatisfactory to Foley a £50 deposit will at once follow. In consideration of his getting no erpenses, a benefit is to be tendered to Newton atan early date. It is reported that negotiations are pro ceeding for a pedestrian match between Edwards and younng Scott the New Zea land walkdr. Unless Edwards can get Scott to walk for a week he has not a ghost of a show against him. - When last they met .in Dunedin Scott did as he iked with him in a twenty-four hours' match. It is said,however, that Edwards will not come to terms till Scott comes to Melbourne, which we do not doubt'for a. moment, when the champion () Edwards will be able to have a personal interview. Just so. Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans, has apparently recovered from the effects of his late accident, as owing to the absence of Mr. George Watson, he successfully wielded the starter'sB flag on the second day of the late Geelong races.: There was a slight disposition to "knock out" Nordenfeldt, at the Victorian Club room, Melbourne, for the champion Race. Up to then his pirce was even money, hut an offer was made to lay £1000 to £500 against 14m, whichwab iat once accepted. From Melbourno it appears that a great deal of betting has taken place in the two' betting rooms since the acceptances were declared for the Newmarket Handicap anod Australian Cup. The race over the T.Y.C. distance has, however, been the subject of most speculation, and the follow ing can be taken as the latest Melbourne prices :--10 to 3 St. Odille (tk); 100 to 3 Honeydew (tk fr) 100 to4 (off); 100 to eaulh, The Ghost, Mlua, 'Merrimu. Mozart, and Xantippe, 100 to 2 others. There is no straight betting on the Australian Cup, but in the doubles with the Newmarket Handi cap, it has boon the medium of some speculation, the price being 1000's to 2, and 10O's to G, the horses sel~ctod for the landidap being tho· e alicady named; while for the Cup the favourite picks are Nordenfeldt, Sheet Anchor, Mnatchlock, Grace Darling and Duration. .Noeden-. feldt has been backed for' the Champion Race at 1000 to 503, and an-offer to lay 1000 to 150 against Sheo Aihchor did not find an acceptor. The South Austr;lan represecntative, Sardius, has, however, some admirers, as 80033 to 100 was taken in one line about him for the Chauipibn Race. Two fancy wagers were laid the other day in Mlelbourne, an even hundred being laid that the Hen. James White's horseswould beat Mr. Whittingham's string in the Newmarket Handicap. Mr. White is re presented by'Uralln, 8t. 51b., and Monte Christo, 8st. 51b., and Mr. Whittingham byMerrimu, 8st. 111b.; Xantippe, 7st. 31b.; Claptrap, 7st. Illb. i and Ironmastar, 7s., 10lb., andthus, onpaper, the backer of the , blue and gold" has somewhat the best of it. Tile other fancy wager referred to was one accepted by a well-known Sydney bookmaker, namely, 200 tol 16 about the three "yeds," The Israelite, the Levitoe and Ishmael for thp Newarket Handicap. It is reported from Moelbourne that Barney Thompson leaves for England in Marchl next, and thus will not have an opportunity ef personally testoing tIhe point whether the stewards of the late Geelong races had the powre to eject him from the saddling paddeck, which oc corred; on the second day of the late meeting, on the banks of the Barwon. Lnast.night Foley had aa excellent house, and several good enconitors were wit nessed. There was a very select' attend ance, several members of Parliament. and one, if not more, Ministersof the Crown being there. When Foley and the old hero Jack Thompson slipped irito the ring lasot night they were well received. Foley soon made things pretty hot, and Thomp son was not slow in answering, and the two favourites were at it in great spirit, and the audience enjoyed it immensely. Time was called, and both re tired to their seats glad of the spell.. In the second round Foley went for his old coach as quickly as ever, but this time Jack was up to him. They both entered into the affair with a zest, and the place was ringing with laughter. After a quick, light, and excellent "set to" they left the ring as pleased as could be with each other, and the audience bursting over with merriment. It is not always that we see two such heroes set to work.in the same good spirit and give the audience such a tieat. Gurney's Flemington Handicap closed with 70 entries. For the big Hurlingham Handicap entries close on the 22nd instant. A telegram from Melbourne informs us that Lees renews his offer to box Jackson of Sydney, for £200 a-side, match coming off in Melbourne; and will also lay O'Brien £200 to' £175. Runners should remember that on Satur day night entries close for the sixth Sir Joseph Banks' handicap and the first hurdle race. A good number of entries are expected for both. The hurdle race (£40) is a new feature, and onethat should. bi encouraged. Our Braidwood correspondent, speaking of the Cup race at the annual meeting at Braidwood yesterday, says that Comus was favourite till the horses went to the post, when three's and four's were freely offered about him. Balmoral started at even money, and the winner, Parade, left the paddock at 10 to 1. Parade led from stdrt to finish. On Wednesday ahorse known as Shearer Boy fell on the Queanbeyan' Racecourse in an attempt to jump some hurdles, arid in its fall broke its neck. The rider,fortui nately, escaped with a few superficial in juries. A subscription was got up for the owner of the horse, and the sum of £835 raised. The sporting correspondent of a Sydney contemporary,' who recently visitedTas mania, made a blunder in reportiiUg the Dbowbray races, which has given vast amusement to "society" in the tight little island. He informed his readersthat "his Excellency Sir George Cumine Strahan, X.C.M.G., and Lady Strahan were present each day in the vice-regal box." The scribe (says the Launeseton Eaoiiner) is' evidently unaware that Sir George, though an ardent admerer of the fair sex, arrived in Tasmania a bachelor, and is likely to leave it with his domestic condition un altered, he having been up io the present proof against the blandishments of Tas mania's fair daughters. 