The Vice-Begal Arrival and Procession. The reception had scarcely terminated when at 9 p.m. the vice-regal party arrived. The news rapidly spread, and the company, which then numbered fully 1800 persons, formed in lines with a space between, through which the distinguished visitors passed the full length of the building to the dais. The Mayor had the honour of conducting Lady Carrington. His Excellency offered hi6 arm to the Mayoress. Mr. E. W. Wallington, Captain Terry, and Captain Sheriffe, all in staff uniform, followed. Next came the Town Clerk in official robes, followed by the aldermen, who acted as stewards, in official dress, with scarves of purple and gold, and the extra stewards with blue and -white badges. This procession was preceded by two gentlemen Halberdiers, in the correct costume and full armour of the time of Cromwell. The armour has really seen sen-ice on the battle-field in those troublesome times, and was specially imported from England by the wearers at the ball some years ago. While the band, which up to that time had not been heard, is playing the National Anthem, there is time to look around, and to see that Lord Carrington is in full uniform with the star and ribbon of G.C.M.G., that Lady Carrington wears a very rich toilette of ivory satin nnd handsome brocade, the long train falling in most graceful folds, and the bodice fitting to perfection. A tiara of diamonds encircles her head, and a riviere of superb gems glitters and sparkles in a thousand tints around her throat. Most fittingly were the august guests re ceived at the dais ; on one side stood a lady — an American lady, too — habited in the recognised robes of Britannia, a pretty compliment from a daughter of England's oldest colony to the jubilee ball of the Mayor of a city, not existing on the first famous 4th of July. Oppo site stood two sisters, representing Australia Past and Pre sent, the latter in the graceful costume of tbe emblematic Australia, white- robed, with a blue belt and silver stars, wearing a golden coronet, and carrying the flag of New South Wales ; the sister with the dusky skin, woolly hair and garment of 'possum skin, presented a very effective contrast. The Governor at once noticed the ladies, appre ciated the welcome implied by their action, and drew Lady Carrington's attention to the arrangement. After a few minutes' conversation, the Mayor and. Mayoress left the dais, and were followed in couples round the ballroom by a large portion of the company, all passing in front of the dais saluting Lord and Lady Carrington, who smil ingly returned their greeting. During this time the gal lery waB quickly filled with some of the visitors, and a singularly picturesque and gorgeous procession met their eyes as the couples passed across the front. At no pre vious fancy dress ball has the wish of the host been more generally followed, and certainly at no previous gathering have the costumes been so accurately made according to the period, or been so attractive in colouring and material. For this very much depended upon the style and progress in the art of dresB which have been made in the past few years, and the facilities afforded by the revival of certain artistic manufacturers which enable costumiers to reproduce the effects of the brocades and fashions of the Tudor period in for greater accuracy and splendour than has formerly been possible. The brocaded velvets, the satins embossed with velvet damasse, the woven imitations of rare lace and embroideries now obtainable, and the liberality with which the costumiers were allowed to carry out their designs, enabled them to secure unprecedented success in their departments. The procession in its progress afforded much pleasure, and the vice-regal party manifested the greatest interest in the passers-by and the costumes they wore. A Knight of Malta, in flowing white robe, led a rcpresentive of the great house of Medicis , Margaret of Valois, daughter of the famous Catherine de Medicis ; and Henry III. of France, gon»eous in velvet, satin, and pearls, mindful of a soldier's duty, drew his sword and saluted the Governor ; Sir Thomas and Lady Fairfax ; a court jester with a Puritan lady ; Mrs. Balchristie and an officer of the Naval Brigade ; a lieu tenant of the Sydney Lancers, who saluted his colonel, was accompanied by Eleanor of Guienne; another Sydney Lancer discarded his uniform for the time, dated his costume at 1820, and walked with Olivia Primrose. An other Knight of Malta and of the Red Cross was accom panied by a lady correctly and richly costumed in the period of James I. A Highland chieftain supported Mrs. Thrale, the friend of Sam Johnson, and a Professor of the Uni versity was the faithful Boswell, who for the evening devoted himself to Lady Mary Wortley Montagu. Richard Cosur de Lion, resplendent in chain armour, with all the badges of his courage and heroic name, looked quite harm less as he talked to a puritan lady in soft gray cashmere. Another Professor of the University styled himself a Knight of Queen Phillippa (wife of Edward III.), and was habited as a Knight Templar. Side by side was a feminine D.C.L. in her father's robes of scarlet and pink. An Indian potentate in gorgeous robes walked with a lady of the Court of George III. The ghost of the lost witch burned in England, in 6pite of her title, looked quite a mortal, and walked with a Carmelite monk as though the Church had no feud with witchcraft; while shepherdesses with cavaliers, courtiers with milkmaids, captains and gipsies, University graduates, 'Welsh girls, dragoons and dairymaids, pages and peasants, continuously varied the long line. 