THS DAY'S NBWS. A Tumi' Ki'mxu ot Tun Hi'-n li.» will te iwned li " afternoon. It will oontafn report of the race, at Klatarnwick np to ud including tho Exchange Stake., and all tha new. obtain- able op to that time. Tha Fooiith Eiutiou will contain tct>orla of tha I ntarooloni.l and other football matches, and Tarioua other aportr. In accordance with the intalliganoe prarioarl, cabled m to the intentiona of the Imperial Government on tho Hew Hebridae quertion, wa tenia to-day that the French Government hoe been officially end definitely informed, that taaamnch aa the fcnatrelian eoloniea are oppcaed to tha propoacd aaaslon of the Hew Hebridce te France, matter, moat remain in eletn quo. The eecoad day 'a play of the AaatralUn Ele.cn t. County of Surrey wet renamed at the Bennington Oral yeoterdey. the ground being tbrongtd in all parte with opeetatara. The weethar woa gloriona. Tha Aattraliona ana- enmbed to the Engliahmen'a bowling com pletely and were all put out for 81! tuna. Being in n minority of 89 rune to the Knglithmen'e firat Innlnga they hid to follow on their inningi end mode a better atend. Giffan specially came to the front, .coring 43, not oat. Biackhem ud Bonnor aba played well The Anatraliena had loat ninewlchete for 171 rune when the game oloaed foe the day. The match waa to ba resumed to-day. The Health Offioer at Ramsey haa forwarded e letter to tho Central Board o' Health contra- ratting statement! which hare been made reflecting oprn the amount of attention bo haa bastowed npon hla dntiae, especially in co&naction; with tanltary matter, at Ltncefleld and Bomaey. The Health Officer state, that he haa repeat, edly called the attention of the local board to the insanitary condition of both towns, and in conseqnenoe of this charge tho President of the Central Board of Health haa ordered that tha local board be again communicated with upon tho matter. The Klectrio Telegraph Department aenda ni the following Singapore notifies traffic tram westward .lightly delayed owing to tho repairing ship being at work at Ponang. Tho time for the reception of tenders for the conatraction of the propoaod lint of railway 'ram Horsham to Natlmak baa boon fixed for Monday, the 14th proximo. Ths reportad death by drowning of Mr Henry Costin at Apollo Bay on Friday morning recalls a drcttmatenae that happened to him a year or two ago when he first went down to the district to Inspect the country with the .lew to eetm- blish n sawmill. The oonntry ronnd fcpollo Bey te timbered thickly. Mr Costln end one or two companions were forelng their way throngh tha forests whan they got "bashed," Etrennoas were the efforts of tha party to get ont of the forest, bnt unavailing. The prospect woe alarming, u they had no provisions with them. Three or fanr days were spent in travers ing tha forest, until e splitter nt work wu dercried. He got them food, end when the party were sufficiently recovered directed them on their proper rood. Mr Co. tin wu reduced to "thin end bone " whilst loat in the bath. Howe now comas to hand thnt he with two other men were in n boat from the steamer Casino whoa it cepa'aed near the jetty. They clang to the boat. Mr Cottin became exhenited, lott hi' hold, and wu kept np by one of the men. They weie taken on board the steamer oventnolly. Means were tried to netore animation, bat till be time the " shore men " left the boat without avail. When tha Casino left Apollo Bay her flag wu flying nt half-mut. Thle was taken hj the ruidenu of fcpollo Bay to mean thai Mr Goatln wu dead. Mr Costin wu well-known in the Bailout district, A question of gnat moment, ud it present, the uppermost eentimtnt agitating tha feelings and intelligence of tha residents of. Brighton namely, the qnution whether the Borongh Council be the power to pros bye-lswr pro" hibltingtbe introduction of nightsoll from the City'of Melbourne and elsewhere into the die- tict, will come heron Mr Alley, P.M at the local Court on Friday naxt to be tested. At present there exist, an old bye-law puoed by bo Council limiting the hours for carting night- -,011 through tho borough to between 11 p m. cd l a.m, flecentlj Cr, Wflbtki? nod eomo of ' is brother caubcillori endeavoured to lntrodaoa > new bye-tew still iurthsr limiting tho hoars, ebich, if pa toed, woald havn hod tha Sect of excluding nil ontaido ntghteoil entering the borough. Cr Iiynch, however, ol- hough in favor of prohibition, srgnod that the Council had not the power to pud Incu b7 aw. At Ux same time ho pointed out that the gftiiht kya-law, if enforoed, woald praeticaUy newer the purpose. The oonitqaenoe wm ths: ba motion by Cr Weteteb wet defected. With > -tew to testing the point, Bugoant Hopkinion, he Inspector of nnteanooo, nt tho Police Court > ((today, proceeded against eleven nightman or carting the materiel through the borongh nrirg prohibited hours. Three of the defan- ants were from Bt. KUde, and eight from the lorporotionof Melbourne. On the application if Mr GiUatt, who appeared for the defence, stll he cases were adjourned till next Friday. The isnetfthe prosecation will be nweited with nterest by the residents of the district A sensation wu created at Burwood e few itghta age, when it became known that n ghost id bein siet n short distenco nway from the township. Too boys, aged 11 and 13 years sspectivsly, were p-oooeding home along the 'tout dory rood, and when passing . bushy pad dock >1 most opposite the Sberwod coursing .round., Uwy wereenddrnly atarUod by the ap- "0»«nce of n white object emerging from ths »oeb. The terrified youogstere ran away creaming to tha nearest house, whtoh wu tnst of Mr M. Mulr, and after telliog their story, 'bey were accompanied bock to th -pot by n yoong fellow named George Cb&edter;, who wu much surprised to dnd that the appetitlon wm still there. Chendle- ficktd up e stone from off the road, which ha threw .t the ghost, it ths same time rpraking in a whisper to ons of ths boys to " bend aver the inn." With this remark ths ghost Immediately > brew off bis coloring end dor,ed away late ths ciub. Chandler followed, bat, the night being o dark and th. buh ea denee, th. dMUrdly leipttintcr of the trick wm enabled to moke good hie mcops. An old women of Burnhy, named Cuban who wu recently p reran tod with a oow by ths mnncillon and rv.tdrnti of Blchmend, was nmmotsd at tha local ooart this morning for allowing the oow to wonder. Under the otreum- -taneee Mi J. C. Tomer, solicitor, expreeaed his wish not te obtain eoeta. " Ob, you Wor ships wl 1 have to pot me In gaol, end the blank ' ow with me," ejaculated Mrs C ashen. A fine of 10s wm inflicted wlthont oosta. Then Mr J. C. Winn, J.P,, handed up five shillings to the chairmen, and the other five ehilUage wm qoitkly subscribed. " God blOM their Wor ,h'ps !" said tho old sroasen, end, turning to Sergeant Bell, "And yon, too, air." The Foet-ciwy Borongh Ooendl hm pub lished ite final notice drawing ths attention of shopkeepers to the fact that than is a tew in txlstonoo known m tho "Ihoyo and Factories' Act," and that n penalty of L10 Ie now aotaally inenrnd by those who have negieetsd to com plete the registration of their premisu. Among tho already legion of fnetetteo in the sistiict of Footrcrsy, Mr Bdmondson is about to add a snbstentlally brick built bog end wool- perk maenfectory. When completed tho owner expects to be able to torn ont 1,0(10,000 rngnt begs per annum. Tie corner stone cf tbc now Oarmellts Monastery at Beeconefleld Parade, Port Mel bourne, will be laid to-morrow afternoon, at 't o'clock, by ilia Gr.c. the ArebbUhop of Mel bourne, ansiittd by tbn vety Uer'Dr Reville Gi'.u'or Biehop of Bardbnrst.b Al the ciora o the oereaony en address in eld ef the bnilding fund will bo delivered by ths Bsv 3. J. Ryan, rectoi ot Bt. Patrick's College. The | >ower of the tenant of e hotel te mska himself vary diaegreenhle to his landlord under some circumstance , hu been added to rather than lime nod by the new Licensing Act There Is n dteput. going on nt present between tha landlord and tenant of the Poet Office Hotel, Colllngwood. The tenant had a lew. which hoe ran out, bnt he still holds the Iteonoe The landlord wants to get bim ont, end the tenant says be won't go, or, ii he doM go, he won't transfer, and the license will ran ont, A num ber of other question nit mixed up. As TnM- d»y is licensing day it beoama neoeraary to get I poeaession at once, and an application in Cham- bars to that affect wm granted to-day. Thu i en action pending between th putie. There it a dlfferanot of opinion to whether the system of owenring wltneoooe in Gouts of Juttioe sets M some safeguard against perjuy. Those who think it does not, argue th.t men who would uy thnt which is nntrns, would not hMitate t swear felraly, and io It is argued, thnt tbs eooner the oath system is abolished th better will it it I. It t interesting, however, to note that n man who hM had tnoh a large experience of witnMua and their way as Mr Pnrvra hra, i. decidedly in favor of continuing ewenr witheaee. He eaid so yesterday when addressing a j ury in a slander esse, and furthermore sngguted that if a cross warn inscribed on th oover of each copy of tb. Scriptures it would tend to remind the witnesses of tbc tacred character of tho volume npon which they were swearing, The Full Court having ruled, when they have been applied to for a deeiaion end have given it, and at n subsequent period it becomes nscassuy in the earn case to app'y to th Full Court again on matters which effect ths Mtlon, he application osn only be mode when the membere of the oonrt ere the seme u those who heard the firet application. Very great delays are can sod by this. Mr Box, in Chambers to day, incidentally mentioned th case of Howell v Harding, which hu been waiting for months for the Mm member of the court to bo usociatsd together, Tho bneinees of the Insolvency Conrt on Tnesday consists ol Jndgo Casey's judgment in the matter of tb release motion ot F. J. E Phillips ; the examination ol GUterd Soharmann, esd the adjourned unconditional cart tfl oats ap plication of John Everard. Th nusinera of tho conrt is et present n long way in advance of the power available to overtake it. Judge Caeey can only sit on Tnesday, u his oonntry work nrcoraltatM his going nway. Ths appointment of n now judge or the tranrfer of one of the existing County Conrt judges to tho Insolvency Court it therefore rendered imperative, th, amount of work before th court being about equal to n eixiwoeke' supply. The committee of management for Messrs Boyle and Bcotte' Challenge Cricket Cup mot lut night, and decided that tho contest batween tb North Fitsroy end Ormond should be con tinued at half-poet nine on Monday, 21th Inst Should the Ormond win, n second match between ho same cloba will be necessary, and will be played nt the conclusion of tho present matoh on Monday next. The Lands deportment has granted to the committee ot tb Footscrey Friendly Booietiee' Dispensary a site at the corner of Paisley and Nicholson streets. Tbs Melbonrne millers have unanimsnsly agreed this day to raiM ths prioa of flour to L10 10s per- ton. In reference to th paragraph in our oolumn, pf yesterday's issue re diseased meat, and Mr Kendall's report to the Central Board of Health, we regret an error arose, whtoh may lead ton misconception. We stated that the diseased meet was offered for sole In the Metro- politan Meat Market, intending to convoy that the meat wu offered In the Melbonrne district There Is, it appears, a Metropolitan Meat Market, and oar raport'may lead to the belief thet the meat referred to was offered in that market. No mention wu mad oi that market in Mr Kendall's report,and we teem u a matter ot fact thnt none of th diseased meat re ferred to wu exposed or offered for rale in the Metropolitan Meat Market and further that the market is oondaoted with he best views to tha publio health. We learn that the Metropolitan Meat Market Company employe n moat thorough and oomootent inspector, whose inty it te to sapervte the nest told, and ie so expreuly instructed, and who hu (nil authority to condemn in hla dis cretion, the company being most particular in this respect. Wo regret tho error arose, and buten to correct it, Tho iabilee serviors in eommemoratloa of the eotebUshment ot the Weeleyan Methodist Church in Victoria were continued this after noon et the Exhibition Bnilding, whna th echotere of the Bebbath Schools at the denomin ation in Melbourne and suburb aaumbted in order to take put lu n servioe of song. Tho large ball hu received additional decoration for thoocOMion, Th task of sustaining ths children In ringing hymns appropriate to tbs gathering, principally devolved npon the jnbltee choir. Mr W. B. Bennetts, organist of Wesley Church, wm choaqn to ntev 'hf organ accompaniments, meson tnomu txorwon, sou E Hareoort sr. th lav speakers for this after noon's procoedlogs ; and ministers of the deno mination will also dellvtr brief nddreeiei to the children. The general arrangements are and' .he charge of Mr T, G. Atkinson (for jestt a clerk of reeorde of the ";;torUn Parliament), who, many yean ago, wltnetsil lite "centenary of WeteyanMetli> iism in London. The door, of the hall wore thrown open nt noon to' admltth.children, end «» are Imoetly chosen from.tlWui.T"® ecbocl nw tan book. Tbo following on thmding bj GtaatV in«trom»U Barometer, 30 27 6 ; Falling. Heat ia sua tO'dfty, 12 dood, <>7. The highest reeding of Ganat'a thermometer in the ehtd Boarke" street, jwterday, was ,V>, aad the lowrtt from 9 a.m. ;eterday to 9 e.m. to- 44\. The bigheet reading lo the iao jes- ttrd&y; wa 64, Rainfall, oil. The Coke and Flower Fair in aid of the New Vicarage Fund, which woe opened yeiterdar afternoon at Ch'lst Cburcb Schoolroom, 4t. Kilda, wo very eucceacfol. Hr. Stanley Low, lire F. M. Smith, lire Reginald Stephens ood Miss Derham ure the ladies who preside tnd who have organised the Fair. There was a ood attendance ia the afternoon, the goods being quickly bought up. In the eveniog there vss a concert of vocal and i&Btramental; music i>y members of the congregation and their friends. ITbe Fair was continued today. ritaBiigid'a branch of th fl.A.C.8.8. cele brated their fifteenth anniversary by a grand concert held in St. Brlgld's schoolroom, on Fri day. 21-t May. Tbs room was crowded ia every port, the exoellenoe of the programme meriting tbe most liberal pattonage. The concert was followed by a boll, which was largtly attended. The matlc was supplied by Riley's bend, and all arrangement# were moat satisfactory. A vote of tbonkato tbe ladies and gentlemen, wbo had kindly given their services was passed with acclamation. Forth holiday entertainment to be given in :be Town Hell on her Majesty's Birthday a meet exoelUnt programme has been arranged. Herr Heinrich Kohlsr will play oi one of his solos Thalberg's well-known fantasia on Homo Sweet Homo, whleh wm songet the opening ef tbe Indian aad Colonial Exhibition. Mr C L Andrew, B.An will give en oration on Tho Reign of Qoecn Victoria, in wbioh apodal re> ferenee will be mode to the Colonial Exhibition. Io tbe musical portion of the programme Madam Christian, who gives the conoeit,will be aialafeed by tbe beet vocalist in Melbourne and a new soprano will make her first appearance. Mr N, Kiqg will addres the Victoria Ward electors on Tnesday, at Carlton iiali. Mr M. Fitzgerald will addrett the elaotors of Victoria Ward at North Carlton on Monday. Ws ere rovicritsd to draw attention to an advertuoinent, calling fur tender for the Coait CUrcndon, A. O.K., library, Mr W. H. Lewis will addrt'ti the Victoria Wrd elector tbio evening uttbe Clyde Hotel, CaidjgtD atd Klgin Blrfi, at o'clock, The steamer Edioa wm lasve for Geclong and Fortarlington on Qaeen'e Birthday at lu a m., returning the same even ing. The Cslerdonian S port » will be held on th Mtlbource ' rickt (< round on Monday, com- msccing at noon. Tickets leaned for 17th A iirtl era available. The event number 8»» for h rb there :<-1 s&tii;«s. Mr L. C. Wilkinson will sell aUotmenU at Lochl'aik, Mooed«>n, in tbe main street, closo to the tail way station, on Oueen's Birthday. Particulars may be obtained of tbe auctioneers Collin hIi et west. Mr J. iWii.ii will rell, on Birthday Mt into farm, garden and villa allotment#. A yxcial train leave Spenasr street at a m. nan#, term#, cto., may be obtained of the auctionteni, 7 Collins street west. Tbe plan of Ibe Chair of Muric Coaee-t, which was opened thi morning, has tilled up wall. The conoert will b « attended by his Excellency the fforernor and the council of the University, academio dress being gazetted for tbe occasion. The Governmsnt baa accepted the tender of Messrs James M'Kwan and Co, 81 Elizabeth street, for the supply of bru«hware, fender and grates, locks ana ke;, iron and atee), and other metal, nails, screws, and rivets, etc, (or the ensuing year ending June 1887. An open-air temperance meeting under the auspices tbe Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, will be held on tbe Qaeen'e wharf, to morrow (Sunday) afternoon, at three o'olock, when odd re#s will b delivered by Meeere W. Blsnksby, E. F. Edwards, T. Downer, George Hughes. Mr Alfred Essther, a very old resident of Richmond, and a prominent member of the Ancient .Order of Druids, died this morelog. The funeral Is advertised to take place to morrow, at th Boxooadorioemetery, Kew. The ? recession leaving Balmain attest, at half-past o'clock. An stbletic entertainment is advertised in another oolumn to take plaot at the Lyoeam Hall to-niebt, consisting of boxing, wrestling, etc. Ths feature of the evening will be the tlove contest four rounds, Marqnii of Qiieeni erry rules, between yonng Rogers and George Jones, for a trophy, one to wla. Mr Jobo Turner, of Sooth Tarn, returning officer for the school district of Gippe, Latrobe, and Albert wards, notifies ia onr aavertising columns that an eleetien of one member, in tbe p'aoe of Mr Theodore Fink, resigned, will be neld on Monday, tbe 7th Jooe. Nomination papers must be handed in before d p.m. next Friday, The members of the Loyal Victoria Lodge, M.U.l.OO F. held a very enjoy able evening on Tuesday laet,the occasion being specially marked by the presentation of a neat and suitable framed address to Mr I. H. Nott, R G., as a token of tbe esteem in which he ie held, and a slight recognition of hie many valu able services daring bis membership of twenty- seven yean. Elsewhere will be found ibe particulars of the Gift-co-Romaa wrestling match between Victor and Grahram at tbe Lyceum ball on Monday nsxt. They wrenls the best two in three falls for L10 ami ths whole of tho gate money. Considerable iotviest ie taken In the contest from the fact of tb rivalry koown to exist betweon the two. In addition, in order to iatnre an evsning's amusement, some of the best boxers will appear. 