Parliamentary Gossip. By a Beetle. After the usual preliminaries- on Tuesday, Mr. Henson, one of the members for Canterbury, had much to say about a building Mr. Foley had either leased or erected for the purpose of a gymnasium, wliich Mr. Henson alleged was of a highly inflammable charac ter, and 'a standing menace against life and property.' The entertainment inside it was of a pugilistic character, and Mr. Henson thought that, from the nature of the building and the peculiarity of theproceed ings inside, it was very likely that everybody who went to see the performance would sooner or later be burnt up. Mr. J. D. Young, who had not troubled the House before, simply said that all Mr. Henson re- ; marked aia not con cam an atom oi trutn, ana ne supplemented this opinion by observing that, though Salvation Army parades were possibly more in Mr. Henson' s line, still he thought that Mr. nenson would do himself much good by witnessing the 'knocking out of time' of sun dry gentlemen of 'the Fancy'' who frequented Mi1. Foleyfcs establishment, by way of educating him self in the noble art of self-defence. He saw no danger in the premises or the performance either. Mr. Henson nodded his head approvingly, go that we may expect an advertisement shortly stating that he, and possibly Mr. Abigail, will have a ' set-to ' at the gymnasium. We have Parliamentary cricket matches, and why not boxing matches ? Mr. J. D. Young, no doubt, will act as bottle-holder, and bottle-supplier for that matter, if the above match can be made. After Mr. Kidd hadmade a long complaint respecting the conveyance of ' pro-juice,' which might have just as well been settled in the Minister's office, Mr. Meeks, with the utter contempt for aspirates^proverbialto city councillors,, defended the Corporation in the matter of Foley's gymnasium ; and 'Mr- Abigail made some weird-like remarks respecting some bears that Mr. Foley kept, wliich he apparently considered might get loose, and the tragedy with wliich the old prophet was connected might be repeated in George-street. From the bears he branched off into a complaint made against certain trustees in Gunnedah, who had not only annoyed the inhabitants, but also made some very offensive remarks to sundry Gunnedah people who objected to their doings. Then Mr. Nield had a 'Cassandra-like wail' about the water supply at Paddington ; Mi'. Gormley, a similar one respecting some selectors who could not get on their lands ; and Mr. John Davies had a smack at the corporation and the water supply — which was, perhaps, pardon able, as the members took good care he should not be one of their number, Mr. Dibbs sat down flat on Mr. Davies, and pointed out that, as a matter of fact, the late Government had done their best to get water I into the city, and they had got it ; but Mr. Davies, who had much experience of municipal affairs during his distinguished career as an alderman, had never thought about improving the appliances for delivering it into the city. Then came Mr. Creer, Mr. William son, Mr. Baker, et hoc genus, with a string of com plaints of an heterogeneous_kind, which they seemed to consider were better ventilated in Parliament than in the Government offices, by way of ' saving time.' Mr. Baker was particularly effective, as hon. mem bers proceeded during his address to form themselves into small knots and discuss, most likely, the state of the odds on the next Australian Cup. Anyway, they paid no attention to him, and, as a matter of fact, they never do. When Mr. Gould rose in his place the House had a chance of hearing what Mr. Baker had been talking about, for during the hum of con versation few. if any one, knew what his dismal drone meant. Mr. Gould made a good all-round peevish address, which, as usual, embraced most topics wliich the House need not have been troubled with. Then Mr. Hungerford, then Mr. Garrard, and then — tea. After tea came Mr. O'Sullivan, and his opening sentence caused him to receive enthusiastic applause, it being in the following words : — 'Mr. Speaker! I have the utmost assurance.' This was a truism, and was cordially cheered. His assurance -went in. the way*o£ delivering a phillipic against the Government and undertaking to vote for them. Those who are curious to know how Mr. O'Sullivan satisfied his conscience ia the way of giving his vote may read his speech for them selves. At least, the perusal will satisfy them that in using the word ?? assurance' he used it advisedly, and knowing what the word meant, which is not always the case when Mr. O'Sullivan airs bis etymology. Then came Mr. Abigail, who made a kind of 'windmill' oration, that is to say, he used his arms after that fashion to illustrate his observations ; and at times typified a sort of oratorical tarantula as well as a political one. He clawed the air in his sarcastic perorations, and denounced everybody and everything except the ad valorem duties and a protective policy 'generally. If the Treasurer would show how he was going to make up the balance he had thrown over with his warehouse tax; then Mr. Abigail did not know whether he would not vote to retain the Government in office for the purpose of chopping their financial scheme to pieces in committee; and with this cheering reflection for the benefit of both sides of the House he gave way to Mr. Garland. „ This young man was not afraid of a dissolution, so he said — in fact he rather hoped that it would speedily arrive. Possibly when it does it may bring a little sense with it to impress constituencies generally, and if it does we shall certainly lose Mr. Garland, which would be a pity. He was enamoured of the property tax, and had a great contempt for protection, which he assured: the House ' ho one but a manufacturer ever adjfojeated,' the iact bi Richard Cobden, the author -jraf^ree Trade, being a partner in a leading Calico House apparently escaped him. ' However, he did not helteve in protection, nor did he believe in a coalition Ministry, and he considered that a dissolu tion would show a large amount of confidence in the present Government and utter contempt for every j member of the last. ' The Government,' he said, ' would come back with a great majority at its back, and he himself would he one of them;' whether he meant one of the Government or a mere private member dfd not transpire, bnt ironical cheers arose as the young m&n; took his seat. Mr. Moore made his maiden speech, and apologised for saying, anything at all, the force of the apology not being noticeable until he finished.. But if he had need of an apology, Mr. John Cash Neild had none. Apologiies are not in Mr. Neild's way, especially when political oratory is the subject to apologise about. In point of fact, from Mr. Neild's opening remarks, we are under a debt of gratitude to him, to which the deficit is not a circumstance. He it was who or ganised the public protest against the Dibbs financial proposals, and it clearly was due to him that we were relieved of Mr. Dibbs' s Ministry. We never knew this before, but Mr, John Cash Neild says so, and so it must be true. Having delivered himself of the ponderous part of his subject, Mr. Neild got airy and went into the 'corner ' business. Heraked up the old threadbare metaphor of the cave of Adullam, of which he considered Mr. Garvan the presiding prophet, and with this he interwove another metaphor about ' chestnuts but whether Mr. Garvan and his friends in fiio /-aro nn ot *what chestnuts had to . igu U1 VA&V; uu — ? ? ? ? i do with diet in a cave, he .did not make- so clear. However, he read the House a lecture cn members preaching retrenchment, and at the same time dunning the Treasury for moneys to be spent in their own electorates, and this may be said to be the only strong point he made in his sermon. It is true that he quoted columns of figures, but they were only used in a tu quoque kind of way, and their reliableness^ could hardly be checked, as he reeled them off so quickly ; but 'he was quite right when he pointed out at some length 'that if every man, woman, and child was taxed fifteen shillings per annum, to pay interest on our debt the sum would in the aggregate amount to four pounds ten for a family of six.' He was accu rate there, and the House seemed much relieved by the solution of this arithmetical problem. When Mr. Neild sat down Mr. Garvan rose in .response to loud calls of ' Question 1' to reply, and the House rapidly filled. Mr. Garvan had little to say beyond what he had said before, ana tne nouse divided, after Mr. Barton, who is usually supposed to have some idea of how the heads will count, having given his opinion that the ' noes ' had it. The tellers, however, told a different tale, and the Robertson Government gave up the ghost, the numbers being for the censure 62, and against it _ 44 ; Mr. Melville, whos has done, his best to oust it, voting with the . corpse, and the House adjourned. Wednesday's proceedings may be curtly summed up as a sort of snarling duel betwixt an exceedingly obstinate old gentleman and a number of men whose bark is worse than their bite. It gave the House and the country an opportunity of noting how utterly im practicable Sir John Robertson is to head a party at the present juncture, and how exceedingly blind he is getting, on one side at least, which incapacitates |uni as a leader of a team — speaking from a vehicular point of view. He had tendered the Governor certain advice at the present juncture, and it was only possible for him to give it in two ways — either that _ Lord Carrington must accept the resignations of himself and his colleagues or grant a dissolution. ' It is clear that he had not tendered the first advice or he would not have been on the Treasury benches except on sufferance and until his successor was appointed ; and, therefore, the only inference was that he had recommended a dissolution, which advice it is exceedingly unlikely wiU be accepted. So thought 65 out of 90 members present ; but they objected strongly to being bearded by Sir John in this hectoring kind of /way. They wanted to know what advice Sir John had given the Governor, . and they very pointedly stated that not one shilling of supply would they vote until they knew all about the matter. Sir John, obstinate to the last, refused to give any information whatever, taking the ground that, until correspondence was replied to, he had no right to divulge its nature. The House had to be content with this, aud adjourned after a bickering debate of the most useless character. Perhaps it is going too far to say that it was a use less-debate, because Mr. Hammond gave some useful hints, in own way, as to what Ministerial respon sibi'ity meant. Those who are familiar with 'Pick- wick ' will remember the following colloquy betwixt Mr. Muzzle (footman to Mr. Nupkins, the magistrate) and Sam Weller, relative to the merits of Mr. Nup kins's oratory. 41 He is such a man to speak,' says the admiring Mr. Muzzle. 'How his ideas flow, don't they ?' 'Wonderful!' replies Sam Weller. ' They comes a-pouring out, knocking each other's heads so fast that they seems to stun one another. You hardly know what he's arter, do your' 'That's the great merit of his style of speaking,' rejoined Mr. Muzzle. What was true of the mythical oratory of Mr. Nupkins is true of the particularly material oratory of Mr. Hammond. What he meant to convey to the House apparently was that, when once a Ministry had lost the confidence of Parliament, they had a right to be close-questioned as to the advice they gave the Crown, because as a matter of fact they did not represent the country^ What he made it appear was, that a Ministry when once defeated ceased to have any functions at ail, and had no right to ad vise the Crown in any way, being a species of corpus delictum without any vital power at all. Everybody laughed at this strange doctrine which Mr. Hammond, by the involved way. in which he spoke, evidently con veyed to the minds of the House that he was advoca ting. However, there is still hope of our getting along, should parties fail to come together, as it is understood that Mr. De Salis is quite prepared to form a Government out of the Upper House only. It would be novel ; but perhaps as useful a lot could be picked out there as down below. Even in. our Benevolent Asylums strong men may be found, physically capable of doing good work. What is true physically, is most likely true mentally. At least, We are not prepared to deny it. 