"THE MINISTER OF TEE FUTURE:' (FROM THE Christian). At the annual meetings of a large, orthodox denomination, the President, in delivering his inaugural address, also delivered himself of his views as to " the minister of the future." This is what he said :— What are the essentials in the minister of the future? In providing for the minister of the future, we have to consider the requisites to meet conditions altogether differing from those of the past, but which can be premised from the habits and customs of society as they are developing from their old phases into new and changed conditions. In the tirst place, the ministers of the future will have to face an audience differing in feeling and education from those of the past ...From henceforth the preacher will have to appeal to the intellect, and not to the emotions. He will have to address himself to those who will appreciate all the labour and culture he will bestow upon his pulpit orations, who will be quick to discover, and not slow to resent, any attempt to pass off an unfinished article by tricky artifice. While the preacher of the future will deal with those who will closely criticise his effusions, he will at the same time have auditors who will not withhold their meed of praise when it has been dpserved. These and similar remarks were received with " loud applause" from the assembled ministers and delegates. Ae the question has been brought before us, not only in this case, but in many others lately, it may be well to inquire what, after all, the work of a minister is. A minister iB a servant, professedly a servant of the living God. If he be truly such, his business will be to follow the true servant of God, our blessed Lord Jesus, in such a manner as to say : "Icame not to do mine own will, but the will of Him that sent me." But what does the above-quoted speech look like ? It makes out a " minister " to be a man who appears before the public as a refined literary entertainer. He must carefully prepare his pulpit orations ; hiB utterances must be Bubject to criticism or praise ; he muBt appeal to the intellect, etc. _ It u not of the least use to cloak matters here ; silence is Binful; the fact remains, that this idea of preachers and of preaching is fast becoming the popular one. But \b it right because popular 1 Vox populi vox Dei in the majority of cases is a lie. Vox populi vox diaboli would be more true very often. ^ Ought the people to be thus considered ? Let God's word decide, and if it be of any value, let its decision be final. Jonah did not like to be an unpopular preacher; it was against the grain for him to cry out against the sinB of the city, and deliver God's message to them. Like a coward, he ran away. We all know the sequel: brought back from the gate of deaths lie had to fulfil his commission after all. Jonah's business was not to ''carefully prepare his pulpit orations ;" or " to appeal to the intellect." As a eervant of the living God, his one business was to deliver God's own word to the people. Note again the case of Jeremiah. " Thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak." . And in every case in the Old Testament we find the same. The servant waB not to invent his messages; "carefully prepare hia pulpit orations; " "appeal to the intellect," Or any Buoh thing ; he was to act thoroughly, as a servant of God should. We find it exactly so in the New Testament. In delivering His discipleB the great commission, our Lord said, " Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you" When the seventy were sent out, every detail of their way and work waB mapped out for them; nothing whatever left to their own invention. Paul, a man of great ability and education, nevertheless counts it all loss that lie may win Christ. Writing to the Corinthians he deprecates man's wisdom and learning in dealing with the things of God, and speaks of God choosing " base things," " weak thingB," &c.;, for His glory. The' eonlusion of all this is very obvious. Is it any wonder that the churches are in such a frightful state spiritually, when their ministers are thus exhorted ? It is a mournful thing that such coldness and worldlineBS prevail, and the way to increase it is to work on the lines suggested by the President of these meetings. Was the pulpit ever intended to take the place of the board school 1 It seems a mockery to ask God to bless small talk on "refined human nature," and bits of sentiment that are useless. It is a fact, and useless to deny it, that many men who are now in the ministry are there for a living only. It is considered by many a " respectable thing," and that is all. But what about the hungering souls of men, our sinning brothers and sisters, the weary wanderers after peace, who, when they come for bread, are fed with a stone ? What about the adultery, and licentiousness, and vice of this age ? Who is to rebuke it ? The vapid, inane stuff that is often Bpoken from the pulpit, in lieu of the blessed gospel of Jesus Christ, has no power to stem the tide of wickedness that rushes along. If men consider it their duty to " appeal to the intellect" and neglect the heart and life, what can be expected as the result but unchecked vice 1 It is a fact that many of our most highly educated men are the worst sinners. We do not depreciate education; on the con' trarv, it is absolutely necessary that men who stand up to address their fellows, should be able to speak in such a manner as to win their atten- tion and attract their hearts. It is to err in the opposite direction to assert that men who preach the Gospel have no need of refinement or education. Many of our most earnest and faithful preachers are men of high stauding, and great literary attainments. The great mistake is when these things are relied upon, and made the sine qua non of a servant of JeBUS Christ. If the minister of the future (or of the present, either) wishies to imitate his Master, and be useful in bringing sorrowful humanity to know the mean ing of true joy, peace, and power ; and to lead the people of God to higher knowledge of the Saviour, and make them in turn, forces for good—he must be prepared to yield himself entirely to God, to be used exactly as God desires, either for pleasant or for unpleasant work. In a word, the true minister must be a man full of the Holy Ghost; in living sympathy with his Divine Head ; ready to every good word and work. The old- fashioned doctrines and methods are going out of date, at least, in the estimation of many, and there needs a united voice of the faith ful in this matter, speaking with no uncertain sound as to what they believe. But if anything can be worse than direct departure from the truth of God, it is the holding of orthodoxy with the head, and giving the lie to it in practice. Men who speak or write thus are dubbed alarmists or fanatics; but it is a matter of profound thankfulness that there are evidences here and there of true life and zeal in our holy religion, even although it is to be feared that these zealots are few and far between. Let all who are faithful to God and his truth keep their vigil, for the morning shall soon break, and " blessed are those servants whom, when the Lord comes, He shall find watching." Cardiff F. C. SPDRR. 