flemingwn in utritt Papers. (By Gaknkt Walcii.) My first experience of a racecourse—oh ! memorable event of my hobblc-de- hoyhood, of which I shall tell the story on some future occa sion—was ever so many years ago, the locality being the New Town convincing-ground, near. Hobart; my last such visit—up to date—wasou yesterday, the 23rd (lay of lli tliis ^edr of grace, eighteen diglity-six, and the place tflcmln'gtoii. The " sporting " reader, with the distinctive acumen of his tribe, will at once perceive that on the day in question there wa3, as with Hans Breitmann's Wasser-Madchen, " nothing on." Aud that is what attracted me, just as it did Ritter Hugo in the ballad. I wanted to aco the placo sans the people, the course and its concomitants without the crowd, t happened to meijticn this a little time back to a membet of the Melbourne Presbytery, who is 4 Ye£>Uar attendant at the Flemington meetings, Hnd he promised me an introduction to Mr. liyron Moore, the secretary of the Y.R.C., a gentleman of whom my readers may possibly nave heard. Mr. Moore, who visits the course thrice a week all the year round, was good enough to offer me a seat iu his trap, and to him am I indebted for such facta hereinafter sot down as did not coiUe Under my own imme diate observation. \\\ e approach the course by the main carriage drive, with its rows of symmetrical pines and handsome post-and-chaiu border—a vast im provement on the galvanised iron fence of yore - aud alighting, make our way direct to the Hill. Here we find a largo body of workmen engaged on the new Hill-stand—"the pit, so to speak, of our theatre," says Mr. Moore, rapidly scanning the work, while his trusty henchman, Jonathan, stands ready for quick but comprehensive orders. A fine stand tin's will bu in a few days, capable of accommodating 5,000 people, while the earth excavated from its foundations, added to the Hill itself, gives vantage-ground for 3,000 more—a sort of practical version of the Irish man's blanket-lengthening feat, to winch Mr. Moore, tes'.e further proofs, is rather partial. Wo mount the stands and *' vitnV the shining landscape o'er." In the distance, lying in front and to the right had left of us, in an extended crescent, art marvellous Melbourne—great G.A'.S.', wo thank thee for that adjective—aud Several of its further suburbs, still, though it is 10of the clock, somewhat veiled in morning haze, but with all prominent spires and bulky buildings clearly distinguishable ; nearer still, Flemington, Essendon, and Footscray, with the " silver streak " of the Saltwater River, beloved of bream fishers ; and iu the immediate fore ground, the course—every inch of it discernible from "start " to "finish' —the "jumps," train ing trtfclcs, and dividing fences map-like in their distinctness. The training tracks in themselves, ive liarn, extend over four and a half miles, and one'6i them just completed root 41,000. The ground oovcicd in rolling and harrowing the various tracks amounts to no less than 7,000 miles per annum. Close beneath 113 are the many buildings dotting the saddliug-paddock ; then the dual grand-stand, whence "the swells," by the way, will have no better view than we, and then the hill itself, sloping up to our feet, ruled across its verdant face with the "barriers" or "breaks," so admirably designed, partly as rests for the elbows cf the "madding crowd" and partly as safety-Valves for the pressure of surg ing humanity. Massing to the rear of the hill stand by 4 •convenient gangway piercing' it through the centre, we see the preparation for the bars that are to take the place of the unsightly sheds of old, the convenient range of lockers for the caterers, aud the extensive luncheon-rooms, whore the public are hence forth to enjoy a good and comfortable "square meal "c. for their half crown- linough accom modation here for the appetite of a Oargantua, and for drinkibles to assuage oven the thirst of the famous period when Pautagruel was born, and when the drought—to quote the chronicler —" had lasted thirty and six month?, three weeks, four days, thirteen hours, and a little more," or about as long as it recently lasted throughout the Australia of to-day. Facing the verandah at the back of the new Stand is the seven-aero Recreation Reserve, already a favorite resort of the Ilillites, with its sheltered nooks, its mirror embellished rustic pavilion for ladies and family parties, its belt of flourishing shrubs, its flower parterres and fountains, and its pleasant greensward. Here, remote alike from the hubbub of the Flat and the Saddling Paddock, or the rivalries of the fashionable Lawn, can materfainilias and the "chicks" enjoy themselves, and even miss a ruco, in domestic doleJar nie.nte, while their own special band discourseth them sweet music. Truly this Recreation Reserve is a grand idea, liberally carried out. No wonder that the at tendance at the Hill alone'last Cup Day was upwards ofi),000 in excess of any previous meet ing. As we shall see anon, Mr. Monre has proved that ho recognises the requirements of the " Upper Ten but here, on the Hill, he is essentially " the People's) Caterer," and as such say I, for one, " long may he wave." While still on the brow of the Hill, we com mand the various approaches to the course, the wide gravelled patli3, the equally welt-kept roads, the overhead bridges and subways by which the great masses of the people move to and fro in three great divisions, like so many battalions of one vast army, without any of the jostling and clashing of the former days. Mr. Moore must have Btudied the science of war, or at any rate have played many a bout of lvriegspiel to have mastered the difficulties of the situation as he has. Descending the Hill, my attention is drawn to still further improvements now making to tho main Grand Stand, which is being sub stantially lengthened at both ends by tho addi tion of now committee and stewards' rooms, mombers' lavatories, etc, I am also allowed to inspect the suite of apartment") specially pre pared for His Excellency the Governor and his friends, including reception and retiring rooms, an elegant boudoir, and a spacious luncheon room, all richly furnished and decorated with great taste. Noticing in passing the new Press-room, where my brother " hireling hacks" —Strong, I forgive thee, but never more be preachifler of mine—where we scribes sit cheek by jowl beside a green-baize covered table, much like a row of amiable penguins by the sad sea waves—passing this now centrally-situated and well-arranged room, I am shown the new Tea and Coflee Room, SO feet long, with its excellent appliances, and next the two spacious apartments, one at each end of the Stand, pro vided specially for the ladies, and so much appreciated at recent meetings. My space is limited, and I cannot enter into details of how every possible want aud wish of the fair ones is here forestalled. Mr. Moore, with all his Protean business capacity, is also evidently a " ladies' man" in the best sense of the word. But I must find room to mention that tho very chaste decorations of these apartments, as well as of the Governor's suite, etc, are by M. Duturbure, a gentleman recently settled in Melbourne. An improvement that will escape the noticeiof racegoers, but will be almost unconsciously ap preciated, is a new grassy ridge towards the western end of the Grand Strand formed of the earth excavated from the foundation of the ex tension closo by, and capable of accommodating a thousand spectators. I here learn that no less than 25,000 cubic yards of earth have thus been utilised throughout the grounds, while at the western end of the Grand Stand I see preparations for removing the Electric Telegraph Office and Clock Tower lo more central posi tions; also, for the erection of numerous electric " scratching boards" her^, there, and every where, an item that the public will hail with pleasure. Returning along the front of the Grand Stand, a lengthy promenade in itself, noticing en passant the luncheon room, with it3 thousand and odd chairs ready at a moment's notice, we come to further extensive alterations in active progress at the eastern end, the ap proaches being greatly widened, and a now slope being made to lead late comers directly from the train to the back of the Stand, thus saving them time and trouble. A new grass terrace at the eastern end of the lawn provides increased facilities of view for G.000 people, the earth for this being obtained from the excavations for the foundations of yet another new Grand Stand on the slope hard by. This Stand, now all but completed, affords a splendid overlook for some 3,500 spectators, with fine bar accommodation, luncheon rooms, etc., at the rear. With just a peep at the railway station, whence on last Cup Day no less than 22 trains were despatched in seventeen minutes, where three trains cau draw up in readiness ou each side, while the central rails hold carriages for 10,000 more travellers—and where the very lenghty platforms help the crowds to melt away as by magic—we take a hurried tour amongst the hothouses and nurseries, where the "flowers that bloom in the spring" or autumn, as the case. may be, are coaxed into floral perfection, and meet their engagements with a promptitude that savours of commercial morality. The fer nery, with its wealth of foliage aud its "Minne haha" fountain, the roomy carpenter's shop, paint- room, ironmongery store, Btables etc., all removed from their former locality so as to improve the general irieurage of th? course; tho afternoon tea-houso for tho larliea, tile earrings patliloclt, aiul .the plots of ground where tho t.Uub grows its own Woo feed, etc.) the quarry \Wiei)ce excellent road ritetal is obtained at prime dost—all tlleie stro ^tfptidly visited id trim; and then mounting oncc inoro iilW tlia trap; tfe j proceed between beds of mignonette and other flowers along the new members' drive (in itself j an exceedingly convenient and excellent affair), i and pause at the top of the rise to take a com prehensive view of tho conrso and its surround ings. 'J he improvements wo have just inspected provido increased accommodation for upwards of 30,000 persons, and furnish, with their for mer I'ohgencrSj rt Capacity not only far outstrip' ping any modern racecourse, but exceeding tfitj great show-places of old. The Coliseum of Rome, so often quoted as one of the seven wonders of tho' Middle Ages, held some 70,000 people. Ftemington can now accommodate half as many again, without taking into consideration the numerous natural slopes and " coigns of van tage" round about, Iieaving the coilr3et my attention is drawn to a new street about to be opened to the Fleming ton Road. This will bo a great convenience, as it saves a long detour, affording at the same time hotter travelling for the vehicles. Taken altogether, the recent improvements at Fiemington make it, apart from other con siderations, a place well worthy of a visit even when it is, as above, " in its curlpapers." With the splendid protrramn)e of , the forthcoming Winter Meeting on the 17th. July superadded, who would not be there ? You may bear in mind that this is all an ad junct to the real business of the day, namely, the racing, and to those who are really fond of that most English of English, and Irish of Irish sports, cross-country racing, tho programme will indeed be a treat. The first event on the card of the day's sport is Tin-: Maidkn* Hordle Race, specially intended to introduce new blood into the ranks of the hurdle racers, and hero wo see blood, bone, and beauty in fair skins, for here such celebrities ou the racecourse as Plausible, Sheet Anchor, First Prince, Seahorse, Aristo crat, Country Boy, Ebony, Black Diamond, and a host of others, will do battle. Then comes the Maiden- Steeplechase, and hero we find Royal Maid making her d-bul over big fences, among many whose names are new to fame, as-well as those whose essays over fences have been numerous but uncrowned hitherto with success. The Grand National Hurdle Race. follows, and as Mr. Barnard has had his usual success in allotting the weights, one of the grandest races over hurdles ever seen should result. Fancy a Melbourne Cup winner, in Sheet Anchor, receiving weight from that beautiful little chestnut, the Agent, and that justly; for the son of Slanderer is certainly King of the Castle as a hurdle racer ; then Insolvent, Huntsman, Tantaliser, Ditto who ran close up in an Australian Cup, Duration, Distiller, Caloola, Koolyte, Aiistocrat, Hilltop, Don Quixote, Sinking Fund, Vanderbilt. and Grattan oliouM all prove worthy rivals to the first-named pair at the burdens allowed them. The event, however, which always causes the most intense excitement on hill, paddock, or lawn is The Grand National Steeplechase. in which the great Tasmanian son of Horatio, Denmark, holds, by virtue of many victories, the pride of place, giving weight even unto the giant Morndor, a thoroughbred horse standing' near!)', if not quite, eighteen hands. Then Lady Ashton, that grand-daughter of I'anic, is alone worth going to see. Studley, who has placed a lot of jumping events to his credit, is also here. Game makes his first appearance over the big sticks, whilo those ancients of days. Kanaka and Blackthorn, again revisit tho scene of their former triumphs. Adelaide seuds Reny, Brown Eaglo, and Charcoal; Blackall is from Queensland, Clarence represents New Zealand, Euchre is a Gippslander though trained at Bal larat, while Caledonian is another Tasnuniau. Besides theae, a host of lesser lights adorn the programme, and this should be the greatest steeplechase ever seen at Flemiugton. A Flat Race ends the day's sports, and here all the speedy milers of the day are engaged. Boolka, Maroney, Britisher, Ringmaster, Acolyte, Silvermine, The Ghost, Mozart, Ironmaster, and St. Odille are in themselves sufliciout to show that sport of the merriest kind may bo expected. Trains from the country will bo run at holiday excursion fares, and many of the farmers' trains will fit in to enable tho sturdy yeoman of Vic toria to combine business and pleasure. 