V.B.C. JOTTINGS. With really magnificent weather, which was neither too hot nor cold, and a first-class programme well diversified, the true sportsman who could not find sufficient to attract his attention at Flemingtog on the first day of the year must indeed have been hard to please. Notwithstanding the most favourable circumstances meteorologically, and the events numerically, the attendance was certainly hot np to the average of past New Year's Day Meetings held on the Y.B.C. convincing ground, and . the reason thereof would be hard to find. " Counter attractions," I suppose, must furnish the reason. A field of nineteen faced Mr. G. Watson for the Standish Plate, and. the last Melbourne Cap victor was assigned' the post of honour, 2 to 1 being hard to obtain ere the lot were sent ofE. Fires were written about -Bohemian, and Chuckster, wko carried ofE this event last year, was supported at 8 to 1, at which figure some business was also done about Lavington and Claptrap, and 10 to 1 was without difficulty procurable about Duration. A good start was effected, and Lavington, as is his wont, was soon at the head of affairs, closely followed by Albanus and Duration. The favourite was iu the body of the field, and was never dangerous. Bounding into the turn for, home, Bohemian led his field, but he was quickly challenged by Duration, and at the bottom of the car riage paddock the two were -together, a ! couple of lengths in front of the others, the most prominent of whom were Lavington, Gardenia, and Albanus. De ration gave Bohemian the go-by when fairly within the distance, and, notwith standing Flanagan's strenuous exertions, Bohemian suffered defeat by half a length. Chuckster was six lengths away 1 third. Claptrap, Albanus, ana Stafford were close behind him and together, with the favourite next, and Merman acting as whipper-in. Uneas fell near the abattoirs, through colliding with Islander, but Ettridge, his rider, fortunately escaped injury. The same lad rode Don- caster in the Y.B.C. Yeteran Stakes, when the horse was killed. Grace Darling was also injured at the same time. J. Williams, who rode the latter, had the mount , on The Ghost in the Plate, and by a miracle escaped coming to grief on this occasion, the chesnut son of Hamlet being interfered with through Uncas falling, and Williams was shot on to the horse's neck, but, after travelling a short distance in that uncomfortable and dangerous manner, he regained his seat. ' Unlike last year, when the Hurdle Bace took precedence, that event was the third race set down for decision. After luncheon had been done full justice to, eleven candidates for jumping honours issued forth to do battle for the 150 sovs: Falcon, who is by Wild Eagle out of a Lncifer mare, had the assistance of Fer guson, and was made favourite at fours, whilst Gasalier, Insolvent and Cockboat were the next beBt supported at longer odds. Koolyte made play for about half a mile. Then Insolvent took up the running, and as they passed the stand the son of King Cole was leading. At the jump opposite the weighing enclosure Gasalier, who was in the centre of the horses, struck, it is surmised owing to the cloud of dust, and broke her off hind leg through it getting caught in the hurdle. The force she was going at caused Gardiner, her jockey, to be thrown out of the saddle, and the mare fell alongside hifn and against the fence. Beyond a nasty Shaking, the lul for tunately escaped a serious accident. The poor brute immediately struggled on to three legs, and staggered across the coarse to the stand side of the fence, where she again fell. Once more on her feet, the mare galloped along towards the river, where she . was secured and mercifully destroyed. In the meantime General Jackson assumed command and led round the river side, where Distiller ran off. Passing the sheds Insolvent, who was always in a good position, went to the front, and, despite the vigorous riding of M'Leod on Master Pinetop, Scobie's mount won by over two lengths. Grattan was third a couple of lengths away, followed by General Jackson, Waverley (who was interfered with by Gasalier when she fell); Falcon, and Yulcan. Cockboat was last. Thbeb to ono on Sheet Anchor was the price asked by the metallicians when it was found that the field for the Bagot Plate was reduced to a modest trio, Beginald and First Prince comprising the starters. First Prince was indulged with the lead from the fall of the flag, and as they ran round the river side the son of First King was sent along at a good pace, and he quickly placed a gap of six lengths between himself and the favourite, who had Beginald on his quarters. Down by the training ground Sheet Anchor began to creep up, and as the straight was entered the Melbourne Cap winner caught First Prince, who was done with. Beginald nowtried to get on terms with the favourite, hut, despite the fact that Robertson was hard at the son of Grandmaster and O'Brien was per fectly still on St. Albans' son, the latter won with a lot in hand by half a length,. First Prince being three lengths away. The last Grand National winner, with Corrigan in the saddle,- was looked on .with auoh favour for the Steeplechase, in' a field of seven, that he went out at 5 to 2 against, whilst' fours .were freely on offer against Lizette and Mernder, and a cpuple of points longer were hooked about Lady Ashton, Goodwood, and Native. Disasters soon commenced, and tb the dismay of (he punters Wymlet was seen to come to grief at the first fence at the bottom of the straight, and Lizette, who whs thereby interfered with, came down at the succeeding obstacle ; and to make matters worse, Goodwood fell at the next jump. Huht, however, was in'-fcn incredibly short space of time mounted and in pursuit oLLadjjAsjhton, who hod-been sailing along in herVraally determined-style, but not jumping so well, as $he. ran down at least a couple of panels in each fence. Mernder was going strongly in the second place, with Native, Goodwood, and Naming next, and well spread out was the order as they travelled along towards the doable at the bridge, where the latter came to grief. Past' the abbatoirs Mernder took first place, hut almost immediately resigned the position to Lady Ashton, who led over the remaining fences and into the straight, but here Meruder's superior pace .told, and Mr. Miller's " giant " wiled -alongside of the mare, who was completely pumped out, and- won by four lengths. Native was third and Goodwood fourth, none of the others going the course. "'Huht; the owner and rider of ' Goodq-ood, was deservedly cheered for his plucky riding, and well merited it for so quickly remounting: his fallen steed. Last week at Caulfiela the . finish in the Steeplechase wins , exaotly the came. Tim difference, however, was that Mernder carried 61b. more on that occasion, and Lady Ashton 51b. more, whilst Native had Sib. less, than' they carried on Friday. The dis tance — about two miles and a half— at Canlfield took but Smin. 34sec. to tra- , verse, and the same journey at Fleming- ( ton occupied Smin. 60sec., which shows . pretty conclusively that the big son of King_ Tom won comfortably on New' j Year's Day, although some people - thought he was played out at the finish. ; None of the jockeys who fell received 1 any injuries of a serious nature, I am ; happy to say. Midsummer is hardly the 1 right time for a steeplechase, and if the V.B.C. were to make a two-days' meet- ' ing of the Grand National — one" in July, say on successive Saturdays, and in lieu of the Steeplechase on the first day of the year, substitute a Mile and Three- quarter Handicap — there would not only be a large entry, bnt a big field, we are inclined to think. Lbsbia, with bnt 6st. 101b. to carry in the Midsummer Handicap, was a most decided first favourite, especially when it was seen that the field had been reduced to nine, and she started at 7 to 4, whilst the Plate winner, Duration, was well supported at 5 to2. Bend Or, who lias not been seen in pnblic much latelv, was well backed before the start, and the son of King of the Ring went out at 4 to 1, - Chuckster and Camerine being occasion ally supported at a couple of points longer. Duration went to thenead of affairs ere they had gone far, ami «n the opposite side of tne course Lcsbia joined the son of Hughenden, and the pair raced away from the others, and as they ran do wn the side of the training ground, there was a gap of at least half a dozen lengths between them and Camerine, who was at the head of the others. Fairly on the road for home the favourite, upon whom Flanagan was hard at work, died away, and Chuckster and Camerine set saii after .the ex-hurdleracer, who, however, pursued the even tenor of his way, and after a rattling good finish the Messrs. Cripps had the satisfaction of seeing Duration get home a neck in advance of Chuckster, Camerine being half a length o£E third, with the favonrite next. Bend Or broke down badly. As the mile and a half was covered in 2min. 38|sec., it clearly shows that a course of training over the small sticks does not have a prejudicial effect on a horse, hut teaches him to stay. Duration's best performance on the fist was in the Cobnrg Stakes last year, when, with 8st. np, he suffered defeat by a head from Josephine, who carried 6st. 121b. Twenty-three others finished behind the pair, and the mile and a furlong was covered in lmin. 57860\. . The Nnn was voted such a moral for the Criterion Stakes that odds of 2 to 1 were freely laid on that she beat her four opponents. V.C., a colt by Grand master, was pretty well backed at threes, bnt the others were almost friendless. The result was never in doubt, for the favourite won all the way. St. Paul, who ran somewhat green, filled the third plane, Mainsail separating the two. 