JokNeedkm's Double, A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATTON, Author of ' Clytie,' ' Cruel London,' ' Three Recruits,' &c.; ^Published by special arrangement with, the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IX.— The Wolf in Sheep's ; CWXTHEG. 'No, sir, not very. late, said the night, porter at the Old Hummums Hotel as John Needham, having rang the doorbell, entered thehalL 'The trains alter their times on Sunday,9 said Needham, 'and I had to walk several miles before I could get a cab.' 'Yes/sir, that's the worst of Sunday travel ling.' 'Bar closed?' asked Needham, sitting in the porter's chair. 'Yes, bit, but they leaves me out Borne whisky, and brandy, and soda ; which will you take, sir?' 'Soda and brandy.' 'Yes, sir.' The potter foraged about in a mysterious corner and produced the liquor. Needham drank it off at a draught. ' I was very thirsty,' he said ; ' can you give me another ?' 'Yes, sir.' 'And a pair of slippers ?' 'There they are, sir,' said the porter, placing a bootjack and a pair of slippers at the guest's feet, and then proceeding to open another bottle of soda. Needham dragged off his boot with some difficulty, and the porter assisted him to pat on the slippers. ' Any cigars ?' ' Yes, air.' ' Never mind, I think I have one.' He pulled .out Joseph Norbury's cigar case, took out a cigar and laid the case on the shelf of the bar window. It was a rather showily embroidered case — a present from his sister. He hoped the porter would recognise it. The porter gave him a light and then handed him the case. ' A pretty thing, is it not?' said Needham, ' That's just what I was athinMng, sir.' 'A present from my sister.' ' Yes, sir, and itrs very becoming, showy, but not gaudy, as they says.' Needham drank his second brandy with only a very email quantity of soda, and then asked for a candle. Taking it from the porter he hesitated and then fcaid, ' I always forget my number, will you not show nie the way?' ' Oh, yes, sir, with pleasure, let me see now what is the number, sitting and bedroom, ain't itV' Needham did not answer, he was busy re lighting his cigar. ' You come in Thursday night's Midland, of course ; I remember the overcoat, of course, Mr. Norbury, No. 13, seeing you in evening dress didn't strike me, and yon speaks a little different ; got cold, that's what you've got, a-walkin' in the wet ; stupid of me to forget, and I prides myself in .my memory for cus tomers. You goes to Liverpool to-morrow morn ing, of course, henroot for America ; beg your pardon, sir, I'm sure.'' 'Don't mention it,' said Needham following the porter, who led the way up two flights of stairs and along a winding passage to what seemed to be the back part of the house. Then pausing, the porter turned the handle ot the door. 'Iiocked, sir.' 'There's the key,' said Needham ; 'Js it unusual to lock one's door. ' Yes, sir ; if gentlemen have any valuables they generally leaves 'em at the bar.' The porter unlocked the door, Needham fol lowed him into the room. * ? Have you no more candles ?' 'Oh, yes, sir; there's two on the dressing table.' 'Light them.' 'Yes, sir.'. . ''Anymore?- . -.. ' . ? ? ? 'Candles, sir?' 'Yee.' ' There's two on the sitting-room mantel.' He opened another door and went into the sitting-room. ' liight them.' . . 'Yes, eir.' ' 1 have some writing to do before I go to bed.' ' Yes, 6ir, what time will you be called, sir?' ' My train goes at ten, I think ?' ' Euston for Liverpool ? Yes, sir.' 'Call me at seven.' 'Yes, eir.' ' Do you get the Observer here 2' 'The what, sir?' 'The Observer newspaper.' 'The Sunday paper? Yes, bit.' ' I Bhall want something to read in the train. There's five shillings, get me all the different papers you can that come out on Sundays. Let me have them when I am called. Shall you call me?' ' Yes, sir. I goes off at eight.' 'That's aU right.' 'Thahkeei sir. Good night, sir.' 'At 'last!' Needham ' exclaimed, flinging himBelf upon a couch, 'at last.' ? .-*-—& He spoke aao' inore, nor spoke for a .long timel but fell.into-i profound 'sleepr-fllept as quietly, as an innocent, jjood man is supposed to sleep. ?_ He' was 'physically fagged and worn but, and If ature would nojonger be denied. - The candles were nearly burnt out when he awoke.- Herubbed his eyes and looked around him. Then he got up and shivered. The sun light was struggling through the whitey-brown blinds. He walked across the room, drew the ' blind aside,' and peered out. ' Yes, I've been to sleep,' he said ;' it is no dream, I have done it all — all ! What energy ! . And I thought I could only lie down and die. What crime! I thought I bad waded in it already to my very lips !' He looked at his watch. 'Four o'clock — morning1. Thev used to talk of Co vent Garden as a Bight to see at f ouro'clock, the country folk — Govent Garden and Bil lingsgate !' He drew up the blind, and, standing back from the ?window, contemplated the scene. ' But it is Sunday,' he said, 'and all is quiet — awfully quiet, as if everybody had gone to Haxcpstead Heath to see the work of Cain '.' Then turning his back upon the window, he said, 'I must go to work, first reconnoitre, then action.' He put out the candles, and made a careful survey of the two rooms and the luggage. 'Have I any trunks that are not here I wonder, one perhaps too largeto drag upstairs? Have I placed any valuables in the bar safe ? If I have why did I lock the door and put the key in my pocket ?'r ? He opened a large leather portmanteau, the key was in the, lock. ' Ready packed — need not disturb that.' ' A-dispateh box,' he remarked, taming to a travelling case upon a chest of drawers; 'very, like aay owiw-and with my initials on the lid ! Strange ! Have I really some, work to'do in the world yet, that the other couldn't do 2 Or is this only smoothing my way to perdition? But a truce to philosophising! No more theorising, John — I mean Joseph — we must be practical now — and cunning, devilish cunning.' He turned over the papers. 'Ah 1 Mr. John Needham's letters of intro duction! Wonder if I should keep them? Yes. He may have shown them to his solicitor, the family lawyer who arrived so opportunely on Saturday. Saturday ! Last night? Why, it seems an age! Ah! letters of credit, three thousand pounds— good! Portraits! My wife? Yes, no doubt. My sister? Of course. And her lover? Cer tainly. A cheque book! What's this— a memorandum on the cover. '£300 bank notes, in charge of landlord ' and the date — yesterday ! Good. Shall I have to sign my name? Let me see.*' He took up the letters of credit, went to a writing table, upon which there were pens, ink, and paper, and an ornamental pad with J. N. worked upon the corner. 'An easy signature,' he said, sitting down. ' ' I have found much more difficult ones easy before now — J-o-s-e-p-h N-o-r-b-u-r-y.' He wrote each letter carefully and slowly. 'My hand trembles, eh? No— it is the position of the elbow.' Then he rested the whole of his arm upon the table and began afresh. 'Yes, that is better.' He tried again and again, writing the name more quickly each time, and at last dashing it off eaeily. 'That will do.' Then he tore np his failures, and leaving his last effort upon the table, went to the fire place, removed the paper ornament, tried the damper to see if it was down, found it up, and lighting the bits of paper, watched them blaze. Next he took off his coat washed, and shaved himself. 'My travelling clothes are laid out ready.' Then he repeated ' laid out,' and paused to He changed his dress clothes, packed them away, examined the dispatch box thoroughly, investigated the dressing-case which contained several rings, a few sovereigns, some silver, and a miniature portrait of a lady in a locket ; and a letter bearing vesterdaVs London nost mark. 'Who is this from ? My sister ? Yes— Kate Norbury.' He read as follows : — 'My dear Joe — 'Good-bye again, my dear. It ib already very, very lonely without yon, but I can bear it for your sake, and as the days go on there will be the looking forward to your coming back, and that will make the time fly. And you will take great care of yourself, won't you ; if ever you are tempted to run any risks think ,of me, and Aunt Dorothy, and Dick, and always remember that we are thinking of you. Aunt Dorothy arrived two hours ago, and is full of good spirits, and she insists that Dick is to come and spend Saturday and San day as usual, whereby I am writing to him now to say that Aunt Dorothy insists, and that he can come if he likes. Do you know, Joe, my dear, I think Dick is as fond of you as he is of me, only that I am a woman, you know, and you are not, and if you were I should be jealous of you, for if I don't tell Dick that I love him very much there is no harm in my telling you, is there ? Because you know what love is, and you know how much I love you; so much that I would never marry Dick without your consent, though Aunt Dorothy says that is nonsense, but she is very much prejudiced in. my. favor. The greyhounds missed -you yetterday, and the. old .cob seemed to-ask for you when I gave him some oats, and in the village.tb.ey are all talking, of you and wishing you a good voyage and a safe return. I shall : expect to hear from- you; in* the morning, -and j you will send me a telegraphic message from ; Liverpool, won't you ? Take care of ?vourseU,; and write to me the moment you arrive, and' always feel that you are in au our thoughts, and especially in mine. — Your most loving and affectionate sister, ' Kate.' ' Ah,' he said, pondering the character of the writing, ' she is a woman of more determi nation than her brother ; she writes a firmer hand, makes no flourishes ; it is a pretty style, too, jaunty ; wonder what he said in reply ? Wonder what he wrote in the letter that pro bably crossed this? Did he mention me? And if so, how ? Did he say I was like him in appearance, or he like me?' He waited to be called, pretended he was in in bed when the porter knocked, told him to leave the hot water and his boots at the door. 'And the noosepapers,' said the porter, ' two, sir.' 'All right,' said Needham, and as he quietly unlocked the door when the porter had gone lie said to himself, ' Noosepapsrs, indeed. Not if I know it. If discovery is possible they will never get my head into a noose.' He locked the door and eagerly scanned the two papers. They contained no reference to last night's dark work. One of them had an on dit respecting his coming financial fall ; but that did not disturb him. By half -past nine o'clock he had breakfasted, paid his bill, received the parcel of money that had been deposited at the bar, and was being driven to Huston, the sun shining on 1^it- as freely as if he were not the least saint-like of tbe thousands of worshippers for whose behoof many church bells were already beginning to chime for Sabbath-rites and sermons. Chapteb X. — As Unexpected Meetixg. On Sunday morning a bird-catcher on the hunt for '* feathered-headed' warblers who could detect no difference in the song of the decoy from the fresh wild notes of liberty, came upon the dead body of a gentleman not far from the well-known hostelry called Jack Straw's Castle. First he saw a horse browsing in one of the little adjoining valleys. Half a mile further on he saw a brougham partly on the bridle path at the back of the tavern, and partly in a furze bush ; and close by lay the dead body of a gentleman, cold and stiff. It was in evening dress. The clothes were wet. A crushed hat, and a bottle labelled ' essential oil of almonds' were lying by its side, and on the bottle was written, ' John Needham, Esq., M.P., Portland - place.' Near the brougham was a silver spirit flask, with 'John Needham' engraved upon it together with a crest. It contained essential oil of almonds, and there was still left in the other bottle a considerable quantity of the deadly drug. The birdcatcher, reunquishing business for the day, went to the inn and roused the landlord. It was a glorious summer morn ing. The thunderstorm of the preceding night had freshened the earth and cleared the atmosphere. Hampstead Heath was a picture of beauty, the air full of sweet perfumes, and the sun was flooding the landscape with a soft and tender light. Assistance being procured, and the police duly introduced into the affair, the body was removed to Hampstead Workhouse, where it awaited the coroner's inquest. It lay' there in the deadhouse, while the -murderer ' was ' travelling comfortably ? enough' to Liverpool; The train stopped top. frequently, however, 'for- - his' perfect satisfaction. It made him feel lonely and strange to' See people greeting ? each other, ' coming- and -going,- exchanging Sunday visits; ' He was almost the only first-class passenger. He had brought ' the dispatch box into his carriage, and for the first two hours of his ? journey he, read many of _the papers and _ letters and 'memoranda which It contained. Then he turned to the newspapers again and rtad over the on dit relating to himself, and for the publication of which he was glad, seeing that it would help to prepare the public for the discoverv on Hamp stead Heath. Had it been discovered? he atked himself, and answering it at the same time. Of course it had. How? By whom? What had they done with it? Taken it to Portland-place? Would the affair be in to morrow's papers? When would he see to morrow's papers? Had he left any detail of the business unconsidered? Did anybody know that Norbury had called on him? Had anybody noticed the likeness between them ? Had Norbury told his lawyer that he was to call on Mr. Needham? What would it matter if he had? Supposing they made en quiries about ' Norbiry ? They would only ' learn that he came in late, had, been in the / country, and' had 'gone to Liverpool. . Was. there anything odd in Norbury te conduct? -No. - He paid his bill; gave a receipt for thembfey - they had taken care' of for him ; did not' forget ' : his 1 unpacked trunk in the -baji: . *jhlfc. they ' might want him as a witness';' th'e'y might eend, to Liverpool after him. Gould they do it in time to stop his sailing? Yes, that troubled him ; - and as he alighted from the train towards evening he received a rude shock. : : . ' How do you do, Needham ?' said a gentle- : man on the platform. ? ' I thought I was the : only man who felt obliged to travel on Sun- ? days.' - - j ' I beg your pardon,' said Needham with a i real stammer, an exaggeration of his cus- I tomary slight hesitation of manner, 'you have ! the advantage of me.' j 'Mr. Needham, is it not?' said the other. ! ' Mr. John Needham, surely I cannot be mis- ) taken.' i ' You are, sir ; my name is Norbury.' ! 'I beg your pardon,' said the other, 'my i name is Green — Wilfred Green. I am the ; member for Harwood, and I could have sworn ! you were a colleague of mine.' | ' You honor me,' said Needham ; ' I have i never aspired to a seat in Parliament.' j 'I beg your pardon,' said the stranger j again. | Needham smiled, took off his hat, and moved ; away. | 'Curse him!' he muttered between his ! teeth; 'I always hated him— the jabbering I idiot '. What will he say when he reads the I papers to-morrow V . j What did he say ! When he read of the dis- j coyery of the body he rubbed his hands with j pleasure. Not thatne disliked Needham, but ! because be was a spiritualist, one of the first active,' talking, and writing spiritualists of the modern revival of an otherwise superannuated i-uperstition ; and he -believed* he had seen .Needham's materialised spirit on its travels. He suddenly remembered that he and Need ham had not many weeks previously had a long conversation of a psychological and Biblical character, in which Needham had. ex pressed his entire belief in the Biblical visions and in ghosts, and had confessed that he saw . no reason why the nineteenth century should be deprived of spiritual intercourEe with those who had gone before them to the spirit-land. Mr. Wilfred Green, M.P., wrote a letter to the Tones stating that it might be more than a coinci dence, the appearance unto him at Liverpool on Sunday of John Needham; and he sug gested several curious psychological explana tions of the same. It might have been an optical effort of the mind or a communication from the spirit world ; John Needham's per sonality might for the moment have been un consciously assumed by another for spirit pur poses ; but he left the fact to the learned and the scientific, contenting himself with setting them forth. And for several days the learned and scientific 'gave him fits, to quote a popular if vulgar phrase, while one very imaginative and sensational journalist hinted that if Green had seen anybody it was really John Needham, and that the body upon which the inquest had sat was a ' spurious corpse.' These and other strange circumstances set up in the sensitive mind of Kate Norbury a great and dreadful fear.' Chapter XI. — Describes the Coroner's Inqttest, the Natureof the Evidence, and the Result. The inquest was opened on Tuesday mom ing. The body had been identified by the deceased's brother Henry, and by the butler. Several personal friends were present, including two members of Parliament. There had not been the smallest doubt, of course, as to the j suicide, and the evidence of . the servants | showed how completely Needham had laid his j plans. Some of the jury while chatting among themselves had expressed surprise that the deceased should have taken so much trouble about it, and that he should do such an odd thing as to drive tip to Hampstead. In answer to this it was suggested that he might have done these curious things for the purpose of | leading up to a verdict of insanity. . ! This was the nature of the conversation that '? took nlaca while thp. inrv tortp. point? ivn v5p.ot I the body and returning to Jack Straw's Castle, ! where the inquest was held. | James Rogers was the first witness called. I He deposed that he was butler of the deceased, ' and resided at his master's house, Portland- [ place. He had seen and identified the body i as that of Mr. John Needham, whom he had I last seen alive at about six o'clock on Saturday j evening, at which time he waited upon him at : dinner. Mr. Needham had sent the foot- i man and the coachman to Leighton Buz zard an hour or so before. His master took ? a very light dinner and afterwards he (Rogers) went with the other servants to the opera. The witness then related the cir cumstances under which he and the rest had gone to the opera, and afterwards to supper. They did not return home until nearly two in the morning. Found the house very much as it was when he left. In the library there were the remains of some coffee, and the spirit bottles and other things were on the table. Mr. Needham had, he should say, had his cup of coffee and cigar as usual. The cup had since been washed, and so also had the coffee pot. Of course if he had known of the sad business he would have had the things remain as they were. Nobody had been to the house during the day except Mr. Nolan, the solicitor. He came to. breakfast, and the master drove him home in the afternoon. The carriage used was the pair-horse brougham, and the- coach man and footman were on the box. Had not observed anything peculiar in bis master's manner during the last few months. Thought - it curious at the time his treating everybody to the opera and being so particularly affable, but put it down to a sudden act of generosity and being his birthday, though he must say it astonished him very much. The parlor-maid, however, had said she thought the master was mad ; but it was a way she had.' - ' A way she had ?' the coroner asked. i 'Yes, sir. Any one a-doing anything she don't quite see, she'd say, * Oh, he's mad — mad as a hatter.' ' (Laughter.) ; 'And she did not quite 'see' the master's invitation to the opera, eh?' 1 'That was it, sir; and so she bounces, as I ' understands, into the kitchen and says the master's mad.' i ' Yes, that will do ; we don't want to hear what you understand, but what you know of your own knowledge.' ' ' Yes, sir ; that's what I was a-sayin' ? ' j ' That will do. The next witness.'' ! Thomas Bobbins was then called. He said i he was a birdcatcher— 'dealt in 'em'— and [ lived at Tickheel-court, Hampstead. Came I across the body at eight on Sunday morning. ' Saw the horse first, then the body, then the ! brougham. Called to a chap as he see near the j Castle to come afore he touched it ; and then the police, some time afterwards. All the j clothes were on the body, and the deceased i had laid his overcoat down first to lie upon, that was evident ; and close by was the opera hat, and the bottle and flask now produced. The clothes were wet, as it had rained heavy j the first part of the night. The bottle had { 'Essential oil of almonds' on it, and I 'Poison' in big letters, and the druggist's name. Here the coroner explained that he had pre ferred to let this witness give his evidence exactly in his own words before asking him any special questions; bnt from this point he asked him a great many, further eliciting that there was no evidence of a struggle and no particular footmarks, seeing that the spot where the body was lying was ' furzy,' and not calcu- \ lated to show much in the way of footmarks, j But there were plenty of footmarks there now, i for the spot had been crowded with people ever since, and a lot of the gorse had been torn away. The coroner expressed bis regret that the footprints had been obliterated, he thought I the police should have kept; the place clear, j and he thought it a matter for serious reproba- ; tion the morbid curiosity of the public as ex emplified by the removal of the gorse as me- ' mentos. (Applause.) | Police-constable Jones (221 S) gave evidence j as to the removal of the body. There were no \ signs of a straggle. In the deceased's pockets . were a razor, six pounds and ten shillings in gold and silver, a case with visiting cards of . the deceased in it. The bottle of poison was lying near his right hand, as if it hid dropped out of it. The deceased's clothes were wet, but otherwise undisturbed. ? Mr. Jabez Northwick, surgeon, practising at ' Hampstead, said he saw the body at nine o'clock on Sunday morning in the dead-house. It was cold, the limbs rigid, the eyes gliBtening, life like ; the face calm and placid, and there was a powerful odor of the essential oil of bitter almonds perceptible at the mouth. There was no froth or anything to show that tbe unfor tunate gentleman had died of poison except the smell of. it. He had made a post-mortem examination of the 'body, and it had under gone little or no change. There were no marks of External violence, some post-mortem cob-, \- gestion of the lungs, ho valvular diseafe of the - ?heart;' a thickening- was perceptible' in, the. ' left ventricle ; the right auricle of the heart was : distended with blood, the left auricle empty'; no odor of essential oil- of almonds all over' the 'body. The stomach contained undigested food, ' \- and embedded in it numerous' black particles - perceptible to the naked eye. ? On examination they proved to be powdered opium, and they were stuck all over the mucous membrane and so numerous as not to be counted. The liver waB healthy, the pupils of the eyes dilated, the brain and membranes congested, but otherwise healthy and without any signs of inflammation. ; It was quite possible the deceased had taken a strong narcotic as well as the essential oil of almonds, but the latter was the cause of death. At this point the butler was recalled and re lated what the reader already knows in regard to the bottle delivered at the house by the druggist's assistant ; and the next witness was Mr. Drewer, the druggist himself, who re lated the incident of Mr. Needham s call and purchase of the essential oil of almonds. The coroner remarking that it was a pity such articles should be sold even by authorised persons and . in such -large quantities. Mx, Drewer said the essential oil of bitter almonds : ' ?' Wejfl,'? j«p1ied' ;Mr.. Drawer, Mit is used '.-. '?' commonly. - in cooking, ,f or flavoring : costards and other .purposes, j : Indeed confectionery, stich as is generally sold,- contains prisons of all kinds.' ' ' -.._.. ' Indeed ! Is that so ? A nice reflection for those who eat confectionery.- (Laughter.) : I shall take care 'to give my cook some ? advice upon this point the moment I return home. (Laughter.) At the same time allow me to re mark I am not jesting, and that this is not a theatre.' I must request gentlemen present to control then- emotions.' Witness continued to state that he could not understand at the time for what possible pur pose Mr. Needham's groom might require essential oil of almonds in the stables. Arsenic, quite as deadly a poison, would of course have been an entirely different matter. It is a common thing to give arsenic to horses among their corn to improve their coats and condition. On the Continent it is a very common practice, and it is a fact known to science that with re gard to the administration of arsenic to horses and the taking of it by human beings that if it is discontinued the constitution breaks up with just the same symptoms as those which are produced by arsenical piisoning. The sufferers die from the want of it, but with every appearance of being the victims of poison. Mary. Atkinson, the parlor-maid, was then called. If you have been present at serious trials for murder, or at equally painful in quests, you must have noticed on the part of the spectators a tendency to be amused. It iB as if the mind, weighted with the tragic story, sought relief in the merest suggestion of comedy. The clever dramatist, dealing with a pathetic situation, understands this well, and seeks to give his audience the quick relief of an excuse for laughter. Mary. Atkinson came - upon the scene at Hampstead with the reputa tion of a humorist. She had, according to the butler, a habit of describing people whom she did not quite understand as being 'mad as a hatter.' Mary was an intelligent bright lookiDg young woman, with a snub nose and a showy bonnet; and she was received with a general smile of approval. She related with minute detail a particular interview she had had with her late master on the afternoon of his death. ' And you said he was mad *' 'Yes, sir. I beg his pardon.' (Laughter.) ' Why did you think he was mad ?' 'It was such a hodd thing for him to ask me.' ' To ask you what?' ' If I'd ever been to the opera.' 'And so you thought he was mad because he asked you if you had ever been to the opera?' 'Well, sir, I did — I beg bis pardon.' (Laughter.) ' Don't beg his pardon, poor gentleman ; he is beyond that. And I must request the officer to clear the court if there is any more laughter. ' 'Yes, sir. I'm very sorry. I wasn't laughing, and it's no laughing matter for me, losing a good place and a good master.' And here she began to cry. ' There, there, that will do,' said the coroner. *' Pray control your feelings. Was there any thing peculiar in Mr. Needham's manner that should lead you to think he was not in his right mind?' 'No more than what I have said, as it seemed so curious he should ask me if I'd ever been to the opera.' 'Oh, yes, yes; we've heard that before.' (Laughter.) 'I mean in his appearance or in his manner?' ?? ' No, sir, I can't say as there was. But to say as he would give me and the others tickets, and he should see us there was something so odd ; I beg his pardon. (Laughter.) 'VerywelL That will do.' 'Yes, sir; thank you, sir,' said Mary, re tiring into a corner to be upbraided by the cook for making a fool of herself, 'and making all of us iook as silly as you are.' Then came the evidence of Mr. Nolan. He described his visit to Mr. Needham on Satur day morning. He had received a telegraphic message from. Dublin relating to some financial business which he thought it desirable Mr. Needham should see. Mr. Needham was in financial difficulties far more serious than he, his solicitor, had contemplated, although serious enough to give him great anxiety. He found Mr. . Needham not in his usual state of health, but depressed ; looking very weary and tired, 'yet full of intellectual and mental resource. He shouldn't say that he exhibited the slightest tokens of insanity. It was not his intention to stay and breakfast with Mr. Needham, but he remained, and they talked over a great many business matters in relation both to the London and the Dublin banks, and to some questions of mortgages and other securities. He left Mr. Needham about half past three in the afternoon, and that was the last time he saw him alive.' Henry Needbam, brother of the deceased, next gave evidence of an unimportant character with the exception of the production of the letter with which the reader is already acquainted. The witness was very much affected during the reading of the letter, and once or twice was so much overcome that he paused and turned away his head to wipe the tears from his eyes. The dead silence in the court was ample evidence of the deep sympathy that was felt for the witness and other members of his family. . Horace Byles, of the firm of Byles, Grant and Byles, solicitors, Iiombard-steeetjdepbsea that on .the morning of Friday, preceding his death the deceased, John' Needham, called upon him and asked for financial assistance in the interests ~ of the Needham Joint-Stock Bank, showed him; some telegraphic messages he had received from Dublin on the subject of their wants, proposed several schemes for witness's consideration in regard to raising money, and after he (Horace Byles) told him they were not such schemes as he could recom mend or adopt, Needham grew very excited and exclaimed, 'Great God! If the bank fails it will be my fault, and the ruin of thousands.' He walked about the office with his hand to his head, and urged witness to help him. He had not been on very friendly terms with Needham for some time previously to this interview, on account chiefly of a dis appointment in money matters. About a month before his death he remembered that a security Needham had given him upon which he had found money for the Irish Bank had not been registered, and after Needham left on Friday he determined to have it registered. There was something so despairing in Need ham's manner that he felt the bank was on the eve of collapse. During the conversation he (witness) mentioned this security to Need ham, and there was something so strange in his manner he (witness) had a sudden suspicion that there was something wrong about it. He, therefore, sent his partner with the deed to Dublin. On arriving there he was not long in discovering that it was a forgery. The security purported to be a deed given on the purchase of an estate in the Encumbered Estates Court. It was signed by two of the Commissioners and two attesting witnesses, and not a single signature was genuine. (Sensation in court.) It had a real seal of the Encumbered Estates Court attached to it, but there was no doubt it had been transferred from some other, genuine deed. He (witness) attributed Needham's death to his excitement about the Need ham Bank and to his knowledge that he (witness) was about to send this deed over to Dublin for registration. There were rumors of other forgeries, but he knew of no other forged deed than his own. Several of Mr. Needham's deeds had from time to time passed through his hands to persons who had advanced money upon them, bat he (witness) had no reason to believe that any one of them was not genuine. He did not think anybody enjoyed the deceased's confidence. Mr. Needham was a very reticent man ; it wad difficult to get any information from him beyond what he chose to impart. He should think Mr. Sadler had written the letters, produced under great excitement, and he believed that some of the statements in them were not correct. There was then a long discussion between the coroner and the witness as to what it was proper to disclose in regard to the deceased's affairs, what might be known and what might not ; and the witness mentioned several cir cumstances indicating the serious financial difficulties in which Mr. Needham was in volved. The inquest was then adjourned until Thurs day, when fresh evidence of a long and voluminous character was ^given, and other private letters were produced, and the corre spondence in The Times was mentioned in terms anything but complimentary to Mr. Green. The coroner also deprecated the fact that ^several public journals had discussed Mr. Green's remarkable statement that he had seen the deceased and spoken to him at Liverpool on :Stnday, when it was a fact beyond' all manner, of doubt that the unfortunate gentle jnaii was lying dead at the Hampstead Work house. - It' was not Jbis business to ;reply to .these tilings, but Se 'thought it a pity that a1 member - of Parliament ? should give tus coun tenance to the new so-called spiritualistic craze which was the revival of an' old 'delusion much more worthy of the dark ages than the present. As for the journal which threw out the suggestion, that the unfortunate de ceased had procured the corpse ' of eome other person to represent his own, and thus complete [his villainies by carrying off a large sum of money and getting away to some other country, he thought it a mistake for the writer of that article to waste his imaginative powers upon a mere newspaper, instead of writing stories for the London Journal, or compiling dramas for the transpontine stage. No man, he believed, more than himself appre ciated and valued the freedom of - the press, but in this matter he confessed he thought both editors and correspondents had out stripped the line which divides liberty from licence. Passing from this feature of the. case to the closing of the painful business before the jury, he summed up the evidence with great care, dwelling at some length upon the.rights.of the Crown in reference to any property the de-' .ceased might have left, and' in anticipation _of the; jury finding a verdict. of felo de se. Id' ordinary cases, he'said, so.-far as -he. :could see. tosayit— any evidence tp,:sbo.w thftt.the.de: ceased was/ not perfectly .eane when he arranged to take his own life 'and 'did take' it. The only migge&tion; to his inind, even of eccentricity in the . matter, was that he 'should ; drive himself -up to the .spot where he was . discovered. This was no doubt a strange thing to do. Nevertheless, it was clearly by forethought and design. On the day when he felt that Byles, Grant, and Byles would, within twenty-four hours, have discovered the secret of his forgeries, he had resolved to commit suicide, purchasing the drugs for the purpose, sending his two men servants into the country, writing his last let ters, and making other careful and intelligent arrangements to close his earthly career. It had been suggested that Hampstead Heath was a favorite resort of the deceased, and that he had frequently been seen walking and driv ing there, walking, more particularly during the last two weeks, about the heath behind Jack Straw's Castle and near the spot where bis body was found. He must repeat it was a curious thing that he should eret his servants out of the way, for that was evi dently the intention of the opera and the supper, himself putting his horse into his carriage, sitting upon the box and driving it, evidently late at night and possibly through a storm of rain and thunder to Hampstead Heath. That was the only indication in the entire story that -could warrant even a thought of insanity ; but thiswas overbalanced tremen dously in his estimation by the other facts of ' the Case. With these suggestions and instruc- . tions he left the verdict in- the hands of the - jury, and thanked them on behalf of himself and Sail concerned for their patient attention to the painful details of one of .the saddest cases that had come .under his attention for many years. ' . The 'jury after a short 'deliberation gave a verdict fdo de se, which it was generally understood meant a midnight burial with something worse than maimed rights ; but iu this case the body had been previously re moved to the deceased's residence in Portland place, and on the fifth day after death it was interred at Kensal Green in the presence of a few private friends and relatives, the service being conducted by a Roman Catholic priest, to whom John Needham had professed to con fess his sins, bnt of whose existence the real deceased had had no more knowledge in life than he had in death. And in due course there was written on a black and silver plate over the remains of Joseph Norbury the dis honored name of John Needham. Meanwhile a strange instinct of fear and mistrust in regard to her brother's welfare took possession of the mind of Kate Norbury. (To be continued.) 