MISCELLANY. I ltcllglouH Curd Flnyor. A ruiVATE soldier, by tbo namo of Itichard Loo, was taken boforo tho magistrates for playing cards during Divino scrrico. Tho sergeant comman ded tho soldiors at tho church, nnd when tho parson had road tho prayers, ho took the toxt. Xhoso who had Biblos took them out, bnt this soldier lind neither Bible nor Common Prayor Book, and, pulling out a pack ot cards no spread thorn out before him. Ho first looked at ono card and then at anothor. Tho sergeant of tho company saw hint, and said " Richard, put np tho cards ; this is. no placo for tbem. " " Novcr mind that. " When tho sorvico was over, tho con stable took Richard a prisoner and brought him beforo the Mayor. " Well said tho Mayor , " what havo yon brought tbo soldier here for 7 " For playing cords in tho church. " " Well, soldier, what havo you to say for yourself 7" " Much, sir, I hope. " " Vory good ; if not, I will pnnisli yon sovoroly." " I havo boon, " snid tho soldier, "about six weeks on tho march, I havo neither Biblu nor Common Prayor Book. I havo nothing bnt a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy yonr worship of tlio purity of my intontions " Then spreading spreading tho cards boforo tlio Mayor, ho bogan with tho aco j — "When I uco tho aco, it reminds mo that thoro is bat ono God. Whon I sea tbc douce, it reminds mo of tho Father and Bon. Whon I tho tray, it reminds mo of tlio Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see tho four, it rominds mo of tho four Evangolists that preached — Mattiiow, Mark, Luko,nnd John. When I sco fivo, it reminds mo of tlio fivo wiso virgins that trimmed their lamps. Thero wore ton, hut fivo wero wiso, and fivo wero foolish and wero shut out. Wiion I see tlio Bix it reminds me that in six days tbe Lord made heaven and earth. When I sco tlio sovon, it reminds that on tho soventh day God rested from tlio great work ho had inada, and hallowed it. When I see tlio cigbt,it reminds mo of tlio eight righteous porsons that wero enroll when God destroyed tlio the world viz., Noah, and his wife, his threo sons end their wives. When I sco tho nine its reminds mo of tho nino lopcrs tliat woro cleansed by our Savour. Tlieroworo nino ont of tlio ton that never returned thanks. Whon I boo ten, it reminds ono of tho ten com mandments which God handed down to Moses on tho tables of stone. When I sco tlio king it reminds uc of tho Great King of Hoavon which is God Almighty. Whon I sco tho quoon is rominds mo of tlio ( juoon of Shobn, who visited Solomon, for sho was as wiso a woman aa ho was a man. Sho brought with hor fifty boys nnd fifty girls, all drossod in boy's nppnral, for King Solomon to tell which wore boys and wliioh woro girls. Tho King sont for wator for them to wash. Tho girls washed to tho olbows, tho ' boys to tbo wrists ; so King Solomon told by that." " Woll," said tho Mayor, "you havo described every card in tho pack oxcopt ono." " What is that ?" " Tho knave," snid tlio Mayor. , " I will givo your honour n dosoiiption of that, too, if you will not ho angry." " I will not," nniil tlio Mnyor, " if yon do not term me to bo tho knavo." " Tlio greatest knavo 1 know of is tho constnblo that brought mo horo." _ " I do not know," Bnid tho Mayor, " if ho is tho greatest knave, hut I know ho is tho greatest fool." " Whon I count how many spots thoro aro in o pack of cards, I find thrso hundred and sixty-firo, as many days as thoro aro in a year. When I count tho number of cards in a pack, I find fitty- two, tho numbor of wcoks in a yonr. I find thoro aro twolvo picture cards in a pock, representing tlio numbor of months in a year ; and on counting tho tricks I find tlurloon, tho numbor of woeks in a quarter. So, you sco, a pack of cards serves for a Biblo, nnd nlmnnao, and a Common Prayor Book." Then tho Mayor lot him go. 