THE DEATH TRYST. CHAPTER IV. Upon the night of my arrival, the night of the fete, the house and grounds vere brilliantly illuminated." Crowds of strange ifaces. surrounded me on every side. But I scarcely knew any one, for although I minght have been in those days a lion upon thereputa tion of my works, I very rarely went out into the world. Perhaps this hatred of society might hi?e bheen e'geiidcred by the morbid on brooding; upon my di ? oint; I "walked about nnd atched the dancers, though rot for long, for soons n~y thoughts strayed away, :and the valtiers revolved confusedly- before my eyes without my seeing them. I sat down and tried to listen to the nusic, butl heard nothing, and rose at last, wearied and impatient, and st?aggled through the crowded 'rooms towards the staircase, intent upon" oing out in the still night air.to walk uporn the terrace, I.. paused upon the .broad, linding lce outside the drawing-room .door, .here there" was a deep bay window, before which a crimson damask curtain hung in: heavy folds. It was late in the evening now, and tle greater part of the guests had de parted. The candles. on the "landing buirnt dimly. Sorme had gone :out altogether-;others guttered 'and splut tred, well night at their last gasp; but thri gh- a narrow opening in L?t cur tains there was a bright bluish light. It was caused by.. the noon shining in through the diamond panes.' I pulled the curtains open and en ered the enclosure, and they fell to gether again behind me with a" faint rustle, like the drifting of dead leaves upon a still autumn night. I took a place upon the broad, cushioned window seat, and,. leaning upon my elbow, looked down upon the deserted terrace below, wherethe white statues gleamed ghostly in the moon light. And sitting there, I fell thinking, as I had done all night .long, upon her whom I had loved-whom I was waiting for-who was yet divided from me by so6 many weary niles who might never come back. again alive. It was there, in this spot, sitting upon this very window-seat that I had seen her last. It was there that we had plighted our troth. It was there she had promised to return to me in'life or death: had promised to re turn. :.. a ST IaT t pondering thius I seemed Lo lose all count of time. The.night passed rapidly away ; the gueits. con-. Lý.. It alU ; b sipD, niw'ý one; only ntie music continuen iainciy o afar ofi, accompanied by an indistinct sl murmur of human voices. Iti But presently the curtains rustled o at my back, and I slowly turned my face towards the opening- tl It was she who had come back to ci me. She wore a black travelling dress fi and she was pale and ihaggard beneath ci her smoothly braided hair. I . She came from the gloomy corridor I without into the flood of moonlight which filled the enclosure where I sat; o and she stood for a moment perfectly li still, with her sad eyes fixed upon me, s whilst the heavy curtain behind her k lithe, silent figure crept rustling to- s gether, and closed up a black and motionless mass. - I My love, my life, you have come s back at last. We shall at last be r happy.' t I rose up as T spoke, and would have I caught her in my arms ; but she raised a her hand with a warning gesture, and, gliding past me, took her place upon the seat, and her sad eyes still fixed I upon me, froz, my blood, and made mo sihivering draw back, I knew not why. ' Speak to mo , speak to me l' I gasped. ' What has happened . 'It can never be,' she said in a low faint voice. I have come back as I promised I would ; but we can never " be ,ed. Oh, Everest, Everest ! how I ' have suffered !-ihow I have longed for this moment to coiie!-how I have battled against my cruel fate. Oih, Everest, forgive me the pain I have I caused you. Forgive me, and forget I mle., She covered her face a moment, and sobbed bitterly ; but wlhen I stretched out myhliand and would have taken' hers, she drew shuddering back, rose to her.fet,. and passed on througll the :curtaiii witving miie-off with her hand, 'ij, & ace7 xed i to thl last.: crased and the nioonlight died sud denly out, leaving me in pitchy dark n'ess, in which, for a moment, I sat spell-hound and powerless, as thoughl were in a dream. . But not fbr long. The next moment I had dragged the curtain on one side and spranu out upon the landing. It was gliomy and deserted. I looked round and could .see no one. Where had she gone I In one of my rooms, though, I heard footsteps approaching. I ran forward, and came face.to face with the master of the house. There must hAve been. something wi:d and strange in my mannier for at the sight of me an expre>sion of wonder aid alarinl came over his face, and lie made ias though he.would step upon one side to avoid me; but I caught his arm. * When did Lady Blanche arrive ' I asked. lie stared at me aghast. ' Arrive 1' lie repeated. ' She has not come that I know of.' ' Yes, she has.' 1 [ave you seen lier I' 'Yes, a moment ago. , Where I' 'There.' I pointed towards the window. His eyes followed the direction of my hand, then wandered -back to my face, and fixed themselves upon it with Sa look full of wonder. One or two persons had joined.us, and were listening'to what I: said. A s-rvant who, had overheard my words stepped up to say that certaiiy Iaily SBlanche had not come up-stairs during the last t'o hours,-for'he had been Sstationed,' during that time, in the Spassage below . - . * But she ois -in -:the- house, .I: tell : you;,'I cried fierceiy.' :i Shhw!as iwith rme a noment ago. Shespbolk to me : SBut, something in the expression of Sthe faces around fiadeinmepauseýThey I thought me mad or drunk. SA chorus of voices eagerly protested :that what I saw was impossiblel; that \- if she had been there a moment ago Sshe could not have passed unseen.. One Iperson laughipgly suggested' that I I had seen a ghost. . i -. But the smile died from hs ,lips at. Sthe cry -I gave as I clutched-m y face in imiy trembling hands.; - : Then I struggled through the little crowd, scattering the people right and ,left. Next moment strong hands were a laid upon me, and I was, thrown to the ground, where - fought and wrest d led like a: madman in the grasp of Sthose who' strove .to hold me, and isrieked her name aloud. . Ana A on, s. i my despairing fory, \- something tbet;d td -ay e :way in my . head, and I cholt:tedi nd suo.ocid, " and the night closed in up.on me, blck . and stifling, in which I lay, struggling n in a land of dreams, peopled by jab. bering phantoms, who pressed me n down, and crowded round my face, o leering at me mockinrgly, wrhichever way I turned, seeking rest upon my weary pillow. 'A long and hideous dream of seve ral days' duration, in which the dark ness lasted, ever black. and breathless. in which the. long hours of burning thirst dragged slowly by to the cease less ticking of the nurse's watch ; in which a candle ever burnt, throwing Sgoblin shadows on the wall; through Swhich otherwise there endured a j maddening silence, wherein the furni ture of the room, thecurtains upon the window. the clothes upon the bed, the letter on the. table by the bedside, preserved one changeless aspect, straight, flat, blinding to look at, the appalling monotony of which at times made me spring up with fright, and praying that somebody would speak, or move, or do something to break the death;like stillnessthatseemed to crush me. ORAPTER V. "When'-'tlIo' fever had passed away, and I had risen from my bed, I sent ·';-ta i~tti~?i~t~;-~~r~ o th e balwhom - a saem aand wi she- had said.: He listened atte:fi?d tively to my story and not incredul- p ously. S.omething had happened since s that night to lend a horrible signifi t cance to what at the time he had taken h for a madman's ravings. He had re-: p ceived news of his sister's death at Marseilles upon her .way home to England. I told him of our promise to each other to meet.in life or death. He be lieved then that I had really seen the I spirit of my dead love. That she had e kept her promise, though Death had'q striven to hold her back. Then lie showed me the letter he i had received from the doctor at Mar- f seilles. She had died upon Sunday a night, the doctor said ; but I told him i that that must be a-mistake, because - her spirit had only appeared to me i upon the Friday following. i My companion had not noticed the f discrepancy between the dates. At first i he thought it a mistake; but when I a pointed out to him how this was iae: t possible lie thought the circumstance altogether very strange. The facts of the case were these: c She had died on Sunday. She was[ huried on Wednesday. She did not I appear to me until two days after wards. I ' What did it mean ' As I asked myself the question a wild hops arose in my breast, and my heart beat violently with a joy I could t not, fool that I was, repress. t A feverish anxiety to be on my feet again took possession of me, and " I determined, the moment I could stir, to start for iMarseilles, to visit the - spot where she was said to have died-- .to see and -question this doctor, who - daid he had- attended her-t6 visit the grave?iwhich ':was - supposed to -have -" not; have .iinagined that scene' at the window 4 Yes, I was ill at the time. It. was but a freak of my disordered ima gination. iBut then a horrid thought occurred to me : if she was not really drad,what did this doctor's letter signify ! What did her letter to me also mean I -Was she a party to the fraud 4 Did she wishato avoid me thus 4' I must fathom the mystery. I could not wait for strength. I started, ill as I was. I arrived more dead than alive at Marseilles. I sought out the doctor, and asked him all he knew respecting Lady Blanche's death. He seemed, I thought, somewhat urprised by my manner and questions; but he readily gave me all the infor mation I desired. He referred me to the landlady of the hotel where she died-to the un "dertaker who conducted the funeral to the lady's-maid who had accompanied her ladyship from India, and who had now gone into other service. From the people I learnt such par ticulars as made it impossible to doubt the truth of their statements. Im possible, yet I did doubt their truth, for all that.. I resolved, to visit the churchyard, and to have thegrave opened again, that I might see the corpse. Then I should be satisfied, if my own eyes saw her I remains lying within the tomb, 'not otherwise, for .if it was her spirit which had visited me, it would have been with me at the mo.ment of her death, and the explanations, which I had received only made the mystery I 'more inexplicable. S:-It was a difficdlt; matter, :h ow ever, to obtain the .object. 1 had in view. I applied to the authorities, but was E refused. It would have been worse r thanuiadness to explain why I wished the grave to be opened, and I -could I find no other reason that would have t been deemed satisfactory. . Mj eaiwhile delay was dangerous. SA. sickening dread seized upon me [ when I thought, perhaps, when the grave came. to be opened, her face t, would have changed soas to be utterly a unrecognisable. It must be done, then, at once. I a could wait no longer, and one way i only remained. In the dead of night tI would scale the churchyard wall, a and break open the grave. Without much trouble. with the aid of gold, I founi someone willing to I help me,. The night was fortunately dark and stormy. We were able to , perform our work without much fear yI of being either seen or heard, ,I knew the situation of the grave Seall, and had carefully marked the sFot. We0 found it again now, labored Shard rWi $iho stony soil for .a couple aof hours, aou ' then, at the stillest , hour of the night, wheA day was be r Jinnin very faintly to peep pver the lead coloured sea and the .gray city walls, we raised the coffin to the sur face, and tore off the lid. It was she whom I had lost. She was dead then ; but how 1 At the first sight of the body, I uttered a shriek, and staggered back, for, from the position- in which we found the corpse, I saw through all the mystery that had puzzled me be fore. I guessed at once the horrible truth. The body lay upon its face. S hen we turned _it.:round again, although at a glance I recognised the woman I loved, the' features were distorted as though.by pain .The'hands, too, were tightly clenched; the feet drawn up; the knees bent. There could be no doubt of the cause of all this. : There was no : ditlli culty. now in accounting for the elapse of time between the date of her sup:. posed death and her appearance to me. ? She was not dead when they. thought her. so,-ishi had only swooned, . desperately to escape tfrom her fearful prison. They had buried her alive- suppo sing her to be dead. It was not until the moment'of her real death that her spirit had sought our trysting place. 