. < rt - Surroundings of the Australian Stage. It may be interesting to many to know something of the Australian stage; as to whether within its internal working there are evidences of future ' improvement, or . whether it will remain ;in4lie; same state as at present. -In Australia the stage is neces sarily. a reflex of the -English institution,1 that is as regards, the productidh of dra matic literature—for, whecher it is upon; the pri nciple that 'fa- prophet -is . of no value-i n his own : country-," nevertheless, Ahe fact remains That the few Australian dramatists find no,: ready ,;m_arket j.fpr . . their literary ; wares-. Should i t.-hap pen;: that', one, forges his way to the front, his worfccannot, con scientiously be classed as- worthy of pro-: d fiction, .for it is .mostly jof an; jriver terbate. kind, and fails to Jive' in consequence. ; . ./ To be sure,: Mr.,-- Geo.. Darrell b as, from time to time, produced -several plays from his pen;, but- ;al though ' they, to. some ex tent, contain ;:ni tiny" praiseworthy points, yet they cannot ' be. regarded as works of genius, seeing that for the most part they abound in the usual sensational clap-trap. F urthermore, but for their author's personal- speculation, they .would probably fail to see the foot lights. But it is not .wholly with the literature of the Australian Stage that' we wish rtQ speak, either per;se or gener ally, but rather of the actors; and actresses; who from time ; to '.time ; appear, upon the' .. ' l V-:v :Kir?r; i . JhTV 1 ; ; 1 ::i'> - y.ii I i.ij,-/ '. J;. i il boards jofitlae various theatres; throughout the:colonies; and for that matter, we may .take the theatres of Sydney alone as an example of the . whole. . . .Within tlie last five years, a better state of" things . has pre vailed 'iri stage productions, and' they have obtained from the advent of Messrs. Williamson, -.Garner, and Musgrove:':r:There is no gainsaying the fact. . . .. That firm introduced a liberal policy,- and, though enjoying a monopoly, have riot abused it, but. on the contrary paid arid continue to pay a higher rate of salary to their numerous employes, and their success, has been commensurate with their outlay. Such results call for gratulation, and, moreover, the example they instituted has been emulated by other firms in a more or less degree, who, however, have had to cut their, cloth according to their measure. But Williamson, Garner and Musgrove have really done good service by their policy, and other theatrical |firms will soon exist which in the spirit of emu lation will endeavour to surpass all former efforts, and hence the public will be the gainers thereby. A tug of theatrical war will ensue, and the survival of the fittest must naturally result. Now, all such as the foregoing is well enough in its way, but it only applies to a part of theatrical production. While the public gain in the matter of mounting and mise-en-scene, they lose in ensemble as regards the, act ing, which is an indispensable sine qua non when all is considered.. . J A-., It is an indisputsble fact that since the days of Harwood, Stewart and Coppin's management of. the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne, .and while the late Wm, Hoskins was in management at the Prince of Wales Theatre in this city, there has been no school of acting for beginners in the Art. To:day, Anybody ;aridj everybody finds his or her way on to the. stage, arid without knowing the rudiments of the Art of Act ing are thrust into Various parts for which they . are .totally unfitted. The cast of a piece contains ,orie or two good actors and actresses, : who. really sustain ,thewhole piece and save it; -from annihilation ; but where all should' be "a congruous and .fitting whole,' it is wrecked; by the incapacity of novices, who,,are<-inexperienced and; unable to ;st.eer the dramatic /barque: into the haven:, of public approval; Fhe reason is -obviou s to jhosfi acquairited.Ayith' the cause,; arid chat, is "'the Jwant J of- .proper : sqhdo.ling i;fi the; elementary principles of actingi' ,. J.JJ'' | If has been asserted that the. colonial actor is better1 tliaii his English compeer. ! : .To ; koirie,, extent | this is true,, for- very often the English actof is a " specialist"! and can? only move: in one groove,, b t at least it, must be conceded him that in that particular/ groove he .is an - artist - arid- out-, distances. his colpnial compeer, ."who, is. very, useful as a member of a company, but lis nevertheless a kind of jack-of-all-trades arid master- of-none actor. ; . ' .Where the colonial actor excels is in his adaptability, especially when Shakesperian plays .are produced.- The: English actor has had more experience iri . Modern Oomedy, whilst' the colonial one has had to . go the . rounds throughout the , range jof. the Drama, < and the. result, is! generally negative, for h has no marked excellencies in ; particular, -but , .betrays; a hum drum style which makes him monotonous: Then again, the English actor is better educated, and while often ridt"utd tlie manner born," yet he;, ,has;the''debit..of; Avgentleman, which with few; excep tions fhe Australia n actor lacks:- ; i;. ;- ! Our strength- rests with' ofir r actresses ; and , perhaps 'from the; fact that womc n have quicker perception .tli'an men, the. re sult is ithat .our . colonial actresses are bettc lhan! our actors;: an d can hold their//, own- with th'eif English sisters in 'the" dramatic world. . Of course we. are speaking as.regards ''stock" actors :and actresses. " Undoubtedlythe English actor - is more refined iiifinis; style, .firiff; shows evidences! of his. early trai ning, and tliis ; factfhas come to light since :the importation/ of- -home'; talent, 'and; although "comparison s are odious" still; td',ari impartial ohser ver the damning fact remairis that o ur native- bo rn actors fail to .compare favorably; with them in many instances. : - ; ' 1 We have native talent of decided ability, bnt they lack . that.thorqugh savoir faire of the English actor, arid their shortcomings may be ascribed to .a- want of proper schooling.1 -Many aspirants3 tp ;drariiatic honours imagine that heCause they, have gone through a course pfilessoris iu rider the tuition of an elocution master .that there fore they are bound to succeed/ upon the the. stage. ; j Never was a more fatal error made. j These elocution masters are really of no use to a novice, and our advice ;is— giyen -frorii the 'result of- experiericer-lekyc elocutionary studies' severely alone until the student has served an apprenticeship upon : the stage, and gained some"' insight as to its metier ; then when he knows what he is about, let him, if. he chooses, seek instruction in the art bf.elpcutiori, but above all avoid outside "professors' ' there of. Choose a master from out of the ranks of the profession; and then he will not; be ta:ught to; 'speak in a stilted, pompous and unnatural style which is ;urisfiited?.to:ithe propePpourtrayal of characters in life. j f There is another, abuse existing in qon- nection v ith the Australian stage, and that is the advertising of various trades;':-: ! ,i ..7.A;new play is- prbducftdjand the'require- Imerits of various scenes.; call; foe article of fiphplstery ' arid Turnitufe. The timanage- : merit of the theatre11 wherein this, play is .produced, being'desirous' of doing ''full jus tice in the . matter .of mounting the play, go to some expense iri hiring these articles. Now, it would be reasonable to suppose that tlie p.rdprietpr of the fu rnishing warehouse, receiving as he.does a stipulated sum for the; hire ot his -goods, required no. further benefits,' but such -is: not the- case, for he : Vdemands aVdouble -advantage, and gets- it- iri::fche form' of gratuitous advertising in the programme of- the theatre. ;. The scene of the play being laid in Eng land,- the intelligent auditor lias his ideas upon "the'jeternal fitness of things " upset by the fact of its being stated in the :pro- g ram me that ''The magnificent furniture used- im such-and-such ;a scene is fi om the warehouse ol Messrs. Whatnot and Daven port, Noi i, Pavmg-street, City," and. they "'a/--::.;/ , , „ i . - v. 1 - are local tradesmen. To such a pitch has this incongruous advertising reached, that we are tempted to subjoin a few specimens of what it may ultimately come to. Say, for instance, that the tragedy of ' Hamlet' is produced, we shall probably see the playbill headed with the following styles of advertisement : " The tights worn by the various performers on this occasion, are from the well-known establishment of David Jones and Co.' 'The armour worn by the Ghost from Gyve3 and Co.' 'The floweis strewn by Ophelia in the fourth act from Searle, -florist. ' The shoes from Hunter's Boot Palace.' ' Yorick's skull procured expressly from the Rook- wood Cemetery, likewise the earth thrown out of Ophelia's grave.' ' Ophelia's coffin from Henry Hart the well-known under taker, Surry Hills.' And lastly, we suppose the management will add a line on their own account, to the effect that ' The whole of the performers are from the workshop of the Creator.' 