TUltF NOTES. Should the weather hold up and the ground bo not too dangerous, an afternoon's racing will be held at Loonec Valley to-morrow, when tho principal item will be the Moonee Valley Cup of iw'JO. Tho licit! for this event promises to bo the best that ever carried silk at this racing centre, and judging by the number of horaes fancied for it the race ought to prove u close one. YrilHutu Toil, Jsouomy, Damocles, The Ghost, Don Giovan, Edith, ittddlemarch, Trojan and Jloney Bee, as well as ono or two other, are all considered good ' filings, but after his recent victory at Cauliield Don Giovan ought to be most worthy of trust, and with an ordinary share of luck New South Wales will win the (Steeplechase with Havelock. The lion. W. A. Long's horses, The A.gent Crosslire and Eckersley, are expeetsd at Flem- ingtou to-morrow, haviug brokcu their journey at Albury. The desire shown by a few members of the ring to lieid against lsonomy at outside prices for the Melbourne Cup is said to have had its oiigin in the fact that he will lo a runner for the Moonco Valley Cup to-morrow. Whether this is tho caso or not it is difficult to tell, but there can be no doubt that tlio horse is doing well, and his gallop yesterday morning was really a good one. Mia Mia was scratched this aiteruoon for the V.H.C. Derby, Oaks, Produce Stakes and Flying Stakes. It is stated here, on what appears to be good authority, that OTirien, who rode Leu Bolt at CutillicUi, has been roiximM lo steer slhcet Anchor in the Melbourne Cup. Matters in the racing world nre surprisingly duil for this time of ilio year, and not only does tlie wagering on this Melbourne Derby ami Cup fall considerably short of what it did in former years, tut there does not appear to be tbe same amount of interest surrounding these events. With the Derby, perhaps, tho presence of Trident in the list may be the cause, but it is not so with the Mclnouruo Cup, which is on all sides regarded as a very open question, and othor influences arc responsible for bringmgnbout such a change iu the stare of affairs. The Cauliield Cup being run within a few days of the V.Ii.C carnival must naturally have a prejudicial effect ou the Melbourne Cup, aud unloss the latter can be made to maintain its character as the betting race par excellence of the colonies the meeting as a whole must necessarily Jose a deal of its prestige. The fact of many pro minent meuiber.-i of the ring curtailing the ex tent of their Looks speaks for itself, aud there is every reason to fear that each succeeding year the Cauliield Upriug Meeting will have it more marked effect on the V.ll.C. The manner iu which Hexhani delights tho visitors to Fleiningtou iu the mornings, pro vided the brother to Morpeth goes on all right, must bring hiui into a more proiuiucnt position than he is now for tlio Melbourne Cup, and it is quite on the cards for the Hou. James White's two representatives to occupy the position of first aud second favorites before the ilag goea down. I am given to understand that most of the money Hexham has been backed for is the result of a genuine stable commission. If common talk is to be relied upou the im mediate followers of Malua do not fancy hia show of appropriating the Melbourne Cup and are anxious to hedge at remunerative figures. Each day finds tho son of Edelia backed for several extra thousands, but his price doesn't shorten aud ever ready response to field .against him at 1000 to 7 plainly shows that he is not feared by the ring. The bookmaker who was absent .on settling day over the Cauliield meeting is still con fined to liis bedi and likely to be so for some days, his illness having assumed a dangerous shape. One of his numerous creditors, who was naturally anxious for an early settlement of his claim amoumiug to £00, appealed to the committee of the Victorian Club, but the demand was soon satisfied by a friend of the missing one, and now it remains to be seen how far others that are shortly to be mode will be met. 