SPIRITS ON TRIAL-THE £2,000 CHALLENGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In looking through my papers I have come across a copy of the challenge re Mr. Eglinton, as it originally appeared in the Pali MaM Gazette, and 1 will thank you to give it place in your issue of to-dav:— "To the Editor of the PcUl Mail Gazette. "Sir—On my return from Russia I find society considerably exercised concerning the doings oi Mr. W. Eglinton, the spirit medium, who some little time back exhibited his skill before His Royal Highness the late Duke of Albany, and more recently in the presence of Mr. Gladstone. Mr*. Eglinton is one of the few mediums whom I have not had the pleasure of meeting, although for Bome years past I have in vain made repeated applications for permission to attend his stances. As one who has devoted so much time and attention to the elucidation of the mysteries surrounding so- called spiritualism and occultism, I am naturally most anxious to witness the manifestations of one who appears to be so proficient in the mediumistic art. I am most desirous of putting Mr. Eglinton's alleged supernatural powers to a decisive test. I would therefore propose that Mr. Eglinton produce, or cause to be produced, physical manifestations called spiritual in my presence and that of a chosen Committee composed for my part of, say Mr. Henry Labouchere, M.P., Professor'E. Ray Lankester, who exposed 'Dr.' Slade, Dr. Crichton Browne, who is an authority on nervous aud mental phenomena, Sir George Sitwell, Bart., who captured the 'spirit Marie,' and Mr. H. B. Lodge, who exposed the spirit medium 'Dr. Monck; Mr. Eglinton for his part to select an equal number of representative spiritualists. The manifestations are to be produced under strict test conditions, Buch as will do away with the possibility of human intervention. Should Mr. Eglinton succeed in getting the 'spirits' to .demonstrate, it will then be my task to explain away such demonstrations by natural means to the satisfaction of tbe committee. Should I fail in this, I am willing to forfeit the sum of £1,000, and Mr. Henry Labouchere, who has not much faith in this spiritualistic quackery, is I believe, willing to supplement this amount with another £LOOO for the pleasure of being converted. Thus the spirits might gain £2,000 for just one genuine exhibition of their power. "In addition to his slate-writing phenomena, Mr. Eglinton, I understand, does wonderful things with' spirit forms.' I have it on the authority of an eminent spiritualist that Mr. Eglinton has several highly respectable spirit 'controls.' One of them is called ' Joey,' and the other claims to be a Bedouin. Joey has an excellent appetite, and devours fruit and demateiializes liquids in the presence of true believers, while the Bedouin is so strong that he can with perfect ease whirl a heavy chair over MB head with one hand. To shake hands with thiB ghost would appear to be quite an ordeal, for, according to my authority, so tight is his grasp that the blood is made to ooze from the finger-nails of those whom it may be his pleasure to take hold of. These 'controls' become visible in a very remarkable manner. As Mr. Eglinton stands or sits alone they are, I am assured, evolved from his side until they assume the physical proportions referred to. These formB, my spiritualistic informant adds, are very material—very, I should day. "Now, it is just one of these 'controls'— these 'astral bodies,' or whatever they are called—that I wish to see, especially as all my previous experiences in this direction have been most disappointing. Some years ago I had an interview with a Bpirit form in Bloomsbury, while the medium was in a supposed trance in an adjoining room. He said he was the shade of a brother I had never lost. I squirted him in the eye with liquid cochineal in order to test his reality. He disappeared with an imprecation on his lips, and on dragging the medium—the notorious Harry Bastian—from the chamber beyond into the light he was found to have traces of cochineal on his face, proving that he had been masquerading as the spirit. In America I fell foul of several spirits, who took their exposure most unkindly, letting fall in their vexation very unparliamentary language, and in some cases threatening to ' shoot at sight.' " I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "STUART C. CUMBERLAND. "December 20,1884." In Mr. Eglinton's answer, reprinted in today's Register, you will see that he says, "I absolutely decline to meet for the purpose of this investigation either Mr. Cumberland or any of the gentlemen whose names he has suggested." Here is a distinct and unequivocal refusal to accept my challenge which, 1 take it, every right thinking person will look npon as both fair and practicable. I am, Sir, &c..; STDART C. CUMBERLAND. March 22, I860. 