'. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. WESLEY'S ICOBAH SEEMON. On Sunday evening, the 16th instant, the l'ev. C. F. Turner, in view of the recent ex ception taken to the practice of conducting services at All Saints' Church, read the fol- lowing characteristic sermon delivered by the Eev. John Wesley, M.A. at Cork in May, 1789\. ' .'v: " : Before commencing to read the deliver ance the rev. gentleman said In view of the widespread ignorance of good old John Wesley's true teaching I am going to read to you to-night what is known as the Korah- sermon -of " John Wesley. /, It relates to the ministerial office ancl yvas preached at Cork in May, 1789. I make no apology- for so doing, for I am sure a great many Church people have very hazy notions about John Wesley's teaching: and I think that those calling themselves followers of John Wesley could scarcely be" content with their position after giving it careful study. In the membership and faith of the Church of England John Wesley continued until his death on March 2, 1791. In his last great charge to his friends he emphatically declared his adherence to his Cliureh, as follows " I de clare once more that I live and die a member of. -the Church ,of England ; and hope that none who regard my judgment of advice will ever separate from it.". No man takefch this honor unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron. — Hebrews v, 4. These arc exceeding few texts of holy Scripture which have been more frequently urged than this against laymen that are neither Priests nor Deacons and yet take upon tliem to preach. Many have asked, "How dare any ' take this honor unto himself, unless he be called of God, as was Aaron ?" And a pious and sen sible clergyman some years ago published a sermon on these words, wherein he endea voured to show that it is not enough to be inwardly called of God -to preach,' as" many- imagine themselves to be, unless they are outwardly eallcL by men sent; of God for that purpose, as , Aaron was called of God by Moses. ' . . .: 2. But there is one grievous tiaw in this argument,- as often as it had been urged.' ' Called of God as was Aaron ! " But Aavon did not preach-at all ; he was not' called to it either by God or man. Aaron was called to -minister fin .-hqly- things to offer mp prayers and sacrifices; to execute the office' oE a Priest. But he was never called to be a Preacher. . 3: In ancient times the office of a Priest and that of a Preacher were known to be en-, tirely distinct. And so every one will be convinced that impartially traces the matter from the beginning. From Adam to - Noah, it is allowed by all that the first-born in every family was of course the Priest in that family, by virtue of his primogeniture. But this gave him no right to be a Preacher (or in the scriptural language) a Prophet. This office not unfrequently" belonged to !he young est branch of the family.. For in this respect God always asserted His riyht to send by whom He would send. 1\. Prom the time of Noah to that of Moses, the same observation may be made. Tlie- eldest of the family was the Priest, but any other might be the Prophet. This, the office of Priest, we find Esau inherited by virtue of his birth- riglit, till he profanely sold it to Ja cob for a mess of pottage. And this is what he could never recover, " though he sought it carefully with tears." 5\. Indeed, in the time of Moses, a very considerable change was made in regard to the prieshood. God then appointed to that, instead of the first-born in every house, a whole tribe dedicated to him ; and that all that afterwards ministered unto Him as Priests should be of that tribe. Thus Aaron was of the tribe of Levi. And so likewise was Moses. But he was not a Priest, though he was the greatest Prophet that ever lived, be fore God brought His First. Begotten into -the" world. Meantime, not many of the Le- vites were Prophets. And if they were, it was a mere accidental thing. They were not sueli as being of tliat tribe. Many, it not most, of tlie Prophets (as we are told bjr most ancient Jewish writers) were - of the tribe of Simeon. And some were of the tribe of Benjamin or Judab, and probably of other tribes also. (5. But we have reason to believe there were, in every age, two sorts of Prophets. The extraordinary, such as Nathau. Isaiah, Jere miah and many others . on whom the Holy Ghost came in an extraordinary linnner. Such was Amos in particular, who saitli of himself (vii, 14, 15.) ' I was no Prophet, nei ther a Prophet's son ; but I was a herdsman ; and the Lord said unto me, Go, prophesy un to my people Israel." The ordinary wove those who Wire educated in the " schools of the p:opliets,'.'; onc of which' was at lia- mah, over whieli-Saniuel presided. (1 Sam. xix, 18.) These ' were trained to instruct the people, and. were the ordinary Preachers in their synagogues. In the New Testament they are usually tinned jScribes, cr n-.iniikoi, " expounders of the Law." But few, if any of theni, were Priests. They were all along a" different order. 4; 7\. Many learned men have shown at larjge ; that our Lord hiinself, and all his Apostles, built the Christian Church as nearly as possi ble on the plan of the Jewish. So the great High' Priest of our profession sent Apostles and Evangelists to proclaim glad tidings to all the ivorld ; and then Pastors, Preachers and Teachers to build up : in the faith the congregations that should be founded. But I do not find that over the office of an Evan go list was tlie same with that of a Pastor, fre quently called a Bishop. He presided over the flock, and administered the sacraments ; the former assisted him, and preached ' the word, either in one or more congregations. I cannot prove from any par t of the New Tes tament. or from any aitkor of the iirst three centuries, tliat the olliee of an Evangelist fr.n.vp. .inv man a rielit to act as Pastor or Bis- hop. I believe these offices were considered as quite distinct from each other till tlie time of Conslantine. 8\. Indeed in that evil hour, when Gonsta- tine the Great called himself a J Christian, and poured in honor and wealth upon the ' Christians, tlie case . was widely altered. It sooilgrew common for one man to take the whole charge of a congregation in order to engross the whole pay. Hence the same per son acted as Priest and Prophet, as Pastor and Evangelist. And this gradually spread more and more and : more throughout the Christian Church. Yet even at this day, al though- the same person usually discharges both these offices, yet the office of Evangelist or Teacher does not imply that of a Pastor to whom peculiarly belongs the administration of the sacraments ; neither among the Pres byterians. nor in 'the Church of England, nor even among the Roman Catholics, All Pres byterian churches it is well known.' that of Scotland in particular, license men to preach before they are ordatned, throughout the whole kingdom ; and it is never understood that this appointment to preach gives theui any right to administer the sacraments. Like wise in our own Clinrch, persons may be au thorised to preach, yea, may be .Doctors of Divinity (as was Dr. Alwood at Oxford, when I resided there), who are not. ordained at all, "and consequently have no right to administer' the Lord's Sapper. Yea, even in the Church of Home itself, if a lay-brother believes he is called to go to mission, as it is termed, he is sent out, though neither Priest or Deacon, to exercise that office, a nd not the other. 9\. But may it not be thought, that the case now before us is different from all these ? "Undoubtedly in many respects it is. Such a phenomenon has now appeared, as has not appeared in the Christian werld before, at least. - not for many ages. Two young men sowed the word of Go. I, not only in the ehuf- ' clies, but likewise literally " by the highway aide." and indeed in every place where they saw au open door, where sinners ha'l cars to hear. They were members of the Church of England, and had no design of separating from it. And they advised all that were of it to continue therein, although they joined the Methodist society ; for this did not imply, leaving their former congregation: but leaving their sins. The Churchmen might go to'- Church still ; the Presbyterian, Anabaptist,/' 'Quaker, might still retain their own opinion, and attend their own congregations.! The having a real desire to liee from the wrath to coine was the only condition required of them Whosoever; therefore, " feareth God and worked righteousness" was qualified for this society. : ' /, 10\. Not long after a young man, Thomas Maxfield , offered himself to serve them as a son in the Gospel. And then another, Tliomos Ri chards ; and then a little after a third, Thomas Westell." Let it be well observed on what terms we received these, namely, as prophets, not as priests. Wc received them wholly and solely to preach, not to adminis ter? sacraments: And those /who imagine these offices to be inseparably joined are to tally ignorant of the constitution of. the whole Jewish as well as Christian Church. Neither the Romish, nor the English, nor the Presbyterian Churches ever accouuted them so. Otherwise we should never, have accepted the service of either Mr. Maxfield, Richards, or Westel!. .11. In 1744 all the Methodist preachers had their first conference. But none of them drc a ued that the beiug asked to preach gave them any right to administer sacraments. And when that question was proposed, " In what light are we to consider ourselves ? " it was -auswe:el, "As eAlra.orilimr.y ./messen gers, raised up to provoke the ordinary ones - to jealousy." In order hereto, one of our first rules was given to each preacher, i' Yon are to do that part of the work which we ap point." But what work was this ? Did we ever appoint you to administer sacraments ; to exercise the priestly office ? Such a de.-, sign never entered our mind ; it was the far thest from our thoughts, and if any preacher had taken such a step we should looked upon it as a palpable breach of this rule, and con- sequently as a recantation of our connex ion. ' . 12. For. s apposing, (what I .utterly deny) that the" receiv.'n ; yo a as a -preacher, at the same time gave au authority, to administer The saeraments ; yet it gave you no other au thority than to do it. -or anything else where I appoint. But where did I appoint you to this? Nowhere at all. Therefore/by this rule yon are excluded from doing it> -And in doing it you renounce the first principles of Methodism, which was wholly and solely to. pi each the Gospel, v 12\. It was sevepalj years aftg'r our society was formed, before any attempt of this kind was iiiade.. The iirstwas, I apprehend, at N:r.vich. Cn> of oiu=preaehe; s i line yielded to the importunity of a few of the peeple, and baptised their children. Bnt as soon as if was known, he was informed that it /must not be, unless he designed to leave " our con nexion. He promised to do it no more ; and I euppose kept his proniiee. 14\. Now, as long as the Methodists keep to this plan; tliey cannot separate from the Church. And this is our peculiar glory. Revolve all the histories of the Church from the ear liest ages, and you av, 11 find, whenever there Avas a great Avork of God in any particular .city or nation, the subject of that work soou said to thehv neighbours, " .Stand by your selves, for a\'e are holier than you ! " As soon as ever they separated themselves they re, tired into deserts, or they built religions houses ; or at least fo.mie 1 parties, into which none Avas admitted but such as subscribed to heir judgment and practice. But Avith the Methodists it is quite otherwise ; they are not a sect or party ; they do not separate from the lehgious community to which they at hrst belonged ; they arc still members of the Church— such tliey desire to live and die. And I belicA'e, one reason why God is pleased to continue my life so long is, to confirm them in their present purpose, not to separate from tlie Church. 15\. But notwithstanding this, many warm men say, " Nay, but you do separate from the Church." Others arc equally Avarm, because tliey uiy I do not. I aa'ill nakedly declare the tiling as it is. ? I hold all the doctrines ,ef tlis Church of England. I love lier Liturgy. I approve her plan of discipline,- and- only -Avish-itr could be put in execution. I do not knowingly vary from the rule of tbe Church, nnless 'in those few instances, Avhere I judge, and as far as I judge, there is an absolute necessity."""'" For iustanc, («) As few clergymen open tlieir churclie ; to me, I am under tlie-neces- sity of prcacliiug abroad. t%\ \b) As I know no form of prayers that Avill suit all occasions, I>am often under tlie neces sity of praying extempore (c) In order to build up the flock of Christ in faith and love, I am under tlie necessity cf uniting them together, and of dividing them into little companies, that they / may" provoke one anotner to love and good avovIcs. (.7) That my felloA\\--labo.urers audi more eff c dually assist each other, to save our own souls and those that hear us, I judge 'it nec essary to meet the preachers, or, (at least, the greater part of them, once- a year. (e) In these conferences, Ave fix the stations or all the preachers for the 'ensuing year. .- But all this is riot separating' fronri the Church. So far from it, that vvhenever, I have opportunity, I attend the Church service myself, and advise all'our societies so to do. 16\. Nevertheless, as the generality eA'eri of religious people, avIio do not understand my -my motives of acting, arid aa'lio on the one hand hear me profess that I aa'ill riot separate f.oai the Church, and on the other that I do a'ary from it in these instances, they Avill'na- tnrally think I am inconsistent Avith myself. And they cannot but think so, unless they observe my two principles : |tkc one that I . dare not separate from the Church, that I be- . liove it Avouh.l be a sin so to do; the other tliat I believe it would be a sin not to vary from it in the points? aboA'e mentioned. I say, put these two principles together — first, I Avill not separate from the Gliurch ;yet se condly. ill case Of necessity. I Aviirvarv "from it (both of Avhicli I have .constaiitly-yand openly avoived for upwards of 'fifty 'years)— and incorisistency vanishes' aAvay. I have , been true to my profession from 1730 to this ! day. 17 " But is it not contrary to your "pro fession to permit service in Diibliniat Church hours? For Av'uat necessity is there for this of what good end does it answer ? I believe it ausAvers several good ends Av-hich could not so AA'cll be answered any other Avay. The'fiist is ( strange as it may sound) to prevent a separation from the Church. Many of- our society Avere totally separated froiri the Gliurch ; tliey never attend it at alb '- "But iioav they duly attend the Church every 1 first Sunday in tlie month. But had1 they not better attend it every Aveek ?" Yes. But avIio can persuade tliem to it ! I cannot. I liavo strove to do it twenty or thirty years, but in vain. The second is the weaning tliem from attending Dissenting meetings, ,Avliicli many of them attended constantly but have iioav Avholly left. The third is, the constantly "hearing the sound dcctrine, Avhicli is able to save their -souls- 18\. 1 wish all of yon who are vulgarly teimed Methodists aa-ould seriously consider vhat lias been said. And particularly ;Aylioni God liatli commissioned to call sinners to repent- ancc. It does by no ;mcans follow", from hence, that ye are commissioned to baptize, or to administer- the Lords Supper. Ye liei'cr dreamed of this, for ten or twenty years after ye began to preach. Did'ye not then; like Ivorali, Dothan, Abirham, "cseck the priesthood also." Ye Know " liiioiv man taketh this honor unto liiri'isclf "biiThe that is called of God as was; Aaron.,' O contain yourseh'es Avithin your OAvn bounds ? be content with preaching the Gospel ; do t-lio work of Evangh'sts proclaim - to all the Avorld the loA'ing kindness of Go.l pur, Saviour; declare it to all, "The kingdom of licaA'eii is at hand ; repent ye and believe the'Gospol. I earnestly advise you, abide in your place ; keep your oaati station. Ac Avere fifty years ago, those of yon that Avere then Methodist preachers, extraordinary messengers of God not going in your oivn Avill, ' but tHrust out, not to supercede, but to ' provoke to jeal ousy" the ordinary lriessengers. mdnjGpd's ' .-.name stop there ; Both by your preaching and example provoke them to love and to good works- Ye are a neAV phenomenon in tlie earth, a body of people avIio, 'being of no sect or party, friends' \to all parties, and endeavour to forward all in heart, religion, in the knowledge, and -lo\re of,God and man. Ye Yourseh'es ivere at, first called in the Church of England ? and though ye have and aa'ill liaA'e a thousand temptations to leave it and set up for yourselves, regard them not ; be Church of EnglanxRhien still ; do not cast aAAay> the peculiar-" glory Avhicli God hath put upoii you, and ""frustrate the design of Providence, the very end;for which God raised you up. i C.i 19\. I Avould add a , few words to those ' serious people avIio are not connected with the Methodists ; many of Avhoni are of our own Church,, the Church of. England, , -And aa'liy should ye bc;displeased jjyith 'usW'e doiyorf no harm ; Ave do riot'desi' orResh-c to offend you in anything ; Aye hold yonr doctrines; we obser\re your rules; (more ''than do riiosri of the people in the kingdom. .Some of you are clergyman. And ..why should ye", of all men, be displeased Avithhis? . "We neither attack- your character nor your revenue ; Ave honor you for " your Avorks sake "! If avc see some tilings which Ave do not approve .of, -we do not publish tliem-;: aa-c rather -feast a, 'mantle oa'er them, and -'hide Avhat Ave cannot commend. When ye treat us unkindly or unjustly, Ave suffer it. "Being reA'iledi-Ave bless ;" ays do -notrretum"railing for, railing. ; 0 let not your, hand, be upon us ! 20\. Ye that are rich in the Avorld, count us , not your enemies beq'ausje rive tell yon the ' truth, arid, it may be, in a fuller aijcl stronger mariner than any others Avill or dare do Ye have, there fore need of ns, innexpressiblc need. Ye cannot buy such friends at any price - All your gold and silver cannot pur- . cliase such. Make use of us Avhile ye may. If it is possible, never be Avithout some of those who Avill speak the truth from the , .heart.. oA1®88' y® may - grow . grey in your sins ; Aye may say to your souls," Peace! peace!" Avhile there is no -peace. . Ye may sleep on. and dream ye are in the Avay to heaven, tiR ye 'awake in everlasting fire. 21 . But whether ye will: hear," oriAvh'ether ye will fovbare, we, by" the grace of God, hold on our aa'ay-; being ourselves still members of the Church of England, as we Avere (from the begiriing ; but receiA'ing all that lcrve.God in every church as our brother, and sister, and mother. And in order to their union with'us, 'we require not' unity in/ opinions or in modes ol -worship, bat butbarelyf that they Tear God arid Ayqrlc righteousness," as wos observed Noav, this is utterly a hew thing, unheard of in any other Christian Comm'u'i nity. In Avliat church or congregation beside throughout the Christain AVorld,can members be admitted upon these terms aa'ithout any other conditions ? Point any such out, Avho- evcr can : I know none in Europe, Asia, Africa or America ; This is the glory of; the Methodists, and of them alone ! They? are themsclACS no particular sect or party but they receive those of all parties aa'ho endea vour to do justly, and love mercy, arid walk humbly with their God." 