The Protectionist iDemoii- ; ''???? ? ''??—-?'stration;- — ? ''? - ?'BliM-S'-AND BANNEES. ? A' GEeS^^PTKSlT. Polly _2,OQ0 people were asEembleS at the rendez tosst-f tM^rdtettfcionist party at Cook Park. There was iio : nndtib ; eicitementY/thie majority 't3f - those present beipg 6TideDtlyiialf-h6Tida.y eiehteeera who, -tsaMngadTalilagre of tKe Saturday half-day, had tnrnedoTitto'see'what'-Wai to ie Been. And, after alL it was -littl; mnoh.- . The Idemonfltration. on EightionrBDay -was in eTO^-wayBttperidr to Satnr dayJB ehow. ^Cbs majority of the horny handed son of toil 'wiio is Bupposed to -T-e the' true 'protec- tioniet,', held 'caief ally itloof from the lineal of ihe dem6nstratbrs,''iKid'WaBCoiftBntto ensoonoe himpflif twhiadthe park railinps/^nd iriew the, proceedings with lie carelesB *eye of * inan who cares sot whether protdciabrj. or 'freetradeia the ' tnluig policy oftheconntry^plbngashiBBorewiBseottred. The hands 'of various BOoietieB were present, hntthe hick oi energy, was'iriost apparent throngh ont the whole prooeeditagSi --.?--. ; . Prdrninent iii the prooesBion were theproduots x-t the Coinet Oil Company,- a lorry loaded with kero sene, after wMehfoliowfid an exhibition of the Fell's Axle Grease Co. . After, thifl followed a mournful pro^ cession. It was a representatidn of Sir Henry Parkes edibrtinp the ghost' bf freetrade ^to arise from its ashes.' Then -came a, second contingent of two waggons loaded with the jvodacts of Fell's factory, in the rear of-Jwhich-- came»Lftak»»ter'B Tank and Sheep Trough Manufaotpry, The next item of in terest wasfthe elrated watpr Bpsply, which was appa rently intended to ooolthe we of anti-protectionists. Then came a wa^gonloaded with the produotions of native industry in the . shape of asrated waters, and thus adding an additional cooler to the aspirations of (so-called) Tin&rttinate; freetraders. ? -Colonial mann faoturee Were.' represented hy ah exhibition . of colonial tweeds. The Mort'^ J)ock and 'Engineering Company exhibited various specimens pf the work tumed'out by thek manufactory; and^he Australian Bope ' Works exhibited some * marks' of progress attained by thorn in this branch, of the. craft. A lorry loaded with samples of confectionery, the re Bolt of colonial produce, preceded a cart of Little Hill's blticsldngi 'Which was' followed by a lorry con veying BpeolniflnB of xhe wood tnrner'B industry, neitinturnjhejiig1 a dray loaded with implements peirtainjng to the builders' iusinesB. The* pattsrn makers exemplified their .art by ehowingon a lorry several epeoimens of their concephphbf the modelers' idea. Various speoiniensdf colonial indiiBtries were shown duriDg .the progresB of the 'prooession. In the majority of cateB these axe not nnfainiliar with, persona who * attend the annual demonstration of liberty. We saw amongBt the crowd, who watched with eager eyes this' advancement from %he slough of despond to the goal of liberty, various men who have little to lose and' much to gain. The ap Darent^object of the meeting was determined fcy the good-natured ' inaptness of the crowd, who seemingly had no bpinionjpne way or the other.' At 3.40 p.m., preceded by the band of the Coldetream Fire Brigade, the'' army of '' liberty 'proceeded to'' advance, and traversing the main streets of the city arrived in George-street, Wronte-tbthedoinain. 