CHAPTER XXVI. the wife's tutje gtjardian. Lord Castlemaine wag just a little puzzled; not suspicious, but puzzled. He bad nothing to be suspicious over. Se was in the reading toom of his club, hia face and head hidden by a copy of the Times, on which he was intent. Two members of the club, both well known to him, came in and sat down close to tuna» without perceiving him. They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thev continued it now. " There is nothing in it," said one to the other. *'I know her well. I am.sure there there is jaothipg. in it." . ; «< it is seldom you find staone without fire, Baid the other. . "I do not know. I feel sure thi3 ia all smoke. How many such rumors are horn and die in a day." This was spoken by Sir TLirvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of rtiingg- Colonel Cbarter-s, who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything. " True," he replied, " but I think there is generally some cause for them. I am sorry :3n this case, for I have a sincere, liking for the lady, and the husband too." "I do not believe it," said Sir Harvey Hope. "I knSw them both, husband and wife, and I do not think there ia a happier pair in London." " I must admit the eame thing," said the dark-minded colonel; " whenever I have seen them together they have seemed most united, most devoted to each other. I was utterly astonished." " But what did you hear," asked Sir Harvey," only foolish rumours?" « i heard the same old story—that he had gone mad over her." " That is not her fault," interposed Sir Harvey. " She cannot b9 blamed for that." «< Certainly not; but knowing the character of the man, she should cot give him the slightest encouragement. When he was in England before, there was always some scandal or other about him." " That iB not her fault either," interrupted Sir Harvey. "True; but it should make her careful," said the colonel. * , " Probably, being young ana unaccustomed to the world, she knows nothing whatever of the evil side of his reputation, and only knows him as one of the bravest officers in Eog' land." " Then her husband should look after her, grumbled the colonel. " I have no patience with the men of to-day; they sit by, in silent inactivity, while their wives go straight to ruin. I cannot tell what they are made of. «' This is rather a sweeping assertion," said Lord Castlemaine, laying down his paper and looking both gentlemen in the face. They could not have been more horrified if they had suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey' cuddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost dropped his cigar; but Lord Castlemaine was serenely unconscious; he. had not the most remote idea the conversation had been about him he would not have believed it if either of them had sworn it. - _ " That is a sweeping assertion, Charters, he said again; " and, do you think, quite de " I am sorry to say I believe it to be per fectly true. I am amazed at the indifferent callous fashion in which husbands see young and beautiful wives launched on the very sea of fashion, dissipation, and excitement, and make no effort whatever to help keep them safe. I say that it amazes me. A. husband should be the guardian of his wife." Sir Hatvey Hope laughed; but hia life was not a bright one. " I do not think many wives would like that notion," he said. Lord Casilemaice remarked: " I am proud of the reputation the Castle msines have always enjoyed, of being goou hufthanda." „ - The two gentlemen looked at each other Their eves met, but they spoke rio word. " It would be indiscreet," he continued, " to a=k of whom you were speaking 2" Sir Harvey admitted that it would. The Colonel Wfts silent. " I could net help cverheariag;the conversa tioCj" he said, " and it is to matter of, mine —no business whatever -of mine; but if understand you rightly, rumour is busy with the name of some young and -beautifulyoung lacy." The two friends looked at each other strangtly. " That is it," replied Sir Harvey. " That siroo man describes himself going mad about her, while Bhe is a married woman ? " " True," nodded the colonel. He wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less said the better. " If she is married, she has a husband to take care of her, I suppose, and to keep all such men at a distance," said Lord Castle maine. Both gentlemen nodded, but did not answer The situation, to say the least of it, was piquant and peculiar. " I should very quickly decide what to in his case, be he whom he may," continued Lord Castlemaine. " If he has dared to speak in that way of any married lady, let her hua band take up her defence. There is no need to whisper it in corners. Let her husband find a whip with a strong lash; then let him seek out the coward who has bo spoken of his wife and lash him in public. One two such examples would oure Huch scoun drels of trying to make love to other men wives." Again the two gentlemen looked helplessly one at the other. "That is the right thing.to do," added Lord Gastlemaine. " To quarrel with each a man is to encouraga him; to fight with him would be to dignify hiai. The right thing is to horsewhip him." " How can you horsewhip a gentleman 2" asked the colonel, helplessly. "A gentleman 1" repeated Lord Castle maine, with infinite scorn. " We are not speaking of gentlemen; we are speaking of coward3 and traitor.?, who have no respect for women, and no respcct for the hononr of their fellow-men. We do not call such persons ' gentlemen.' I would brand such men, I be lieve ;" and Lord Castlen?atne'e. face ehoae with a noble light as he spoke. " I believe in the sanctity of marriage and in the honour of women." "A noble fellow," thought the colonel; " but what a situation 1" " Carious things will happen," he said, aloud. " The world is pretty much what it has always been. The sins of Adam and Eve, of Gain and Abel, oi David and Solomon, are our sins." "We may all be sinners," said Lord Caetle maine, " that lies between ua and oar God; we may all be at the same time loyal and honest men, that lies between us and our fel low creatures." Colonel Charters rose from his seat and yawned as politely aa possible. Sir Harvey imitated him as quickly. Lord Castlemaine wondered why their interest in the subject died so soon, and why they seemed in sach a hurry to leave. " I am going your way," said Sir Harvey to the colonel; " shall we go together 7 " The two gentlemen . lelfc the club together, arm In arm. " Of all the strange things," said Sir Harvey, solemnly, " That is the strangest. To think that we should have gone into the very room where he was, have taken seats near him, yet not have noticed it was he." "And to think that within sound of his own ears we should have discussed his wife and Colonel Lennox." " He has not the faintest idea of whom we were speaking," said Sir Harvey. "iTot in the least," replied the colonel. "It would not have been a pleasant hoar for as if he had done so, and it would have been harder still for Lennox." " Yes," said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile "even his victories in Zululand, the Vic toria cross, and all the honours he has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip." ; f To he. cc.Klimud.) 