GENERAL NEWS, The Working Men and Women's Mission, Port Adelaide, held a social gathering at their local hall on Wednesday evening. Mr. Hooper presided over a good attendance. Paring tne evening sacred solos, duets, and trios were given by the following ladies and . gentlemen —Misses Loftus, Hooke Smith, Crawford, and Robertson, Mrs. Robs, and Messrs, Pearce, Abery, and Howie. Messrs. Workman and Abery also played a very pleasing cornet duet. Messrs. Collis & Son, of Gawler-place, some few months ago had enquiries from one of the largest druggist houses in the United States for samples of South Australian olive oil, and by the last Californian mail they received an order for a large quantity in bulk. The oil manufactured by Sir Samuel Davenport has been selected, and will be shipped to America at once. The monthly meeting of the South Austra lian Land Nationalisation Society was held in the Refreshment-room of the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. The attendance was large, th6 room being filled. Mr. W.' H. Mallabone occupied the chair. A vote of condolence was passed to the wife of the late Mr. J. N. Richards, who was at one time secretary of the society,. Mr..Henry Taylor gave a lecture on "Rentand;Wages, dealing in a comprehen sive and exhaustive manner with the subject. In the course of his remarks he said the oft discusBed land question was at the bottom of the whole matter, and that und r our present system labor could not obtain its juBt reward. They were told in reply to their arguments that the time was not ripe for such a reform as they proposed, but he ventured to say that the time was ripe for such a reformation if the reformers were there. He strongly advocated a land tax, and said if one were levied relief would speedily come. Throughout Mr. Taylor was attentively listened to, and at the close of the lecture the Rev, A, Turnbull, Mr. A. W. Rayment, and Mr. I, Singer delivered brief addresses, The city coroner held an inqurst on Wednes day at the Elephant and Castle Hotel, West terrace, upon the body of Leopold Weiss, an upholsterer, who was found dead at Parkside ort Monday, August 30. Mr. W. Murray was foreman of the jury, Mrs. Weiss, wife of the deceased, stated that her husband had enjoyod general good health. He did not belong to any lodge, nor was his life insured. He had been unable to obtain work for some time previous to his death, and had, conse quently, left her in very straitened circum stances. Mr. T. Robin, on whose property deceased was found dead, Baid that he engaged Weiss on August 28. He came to assist in removing some furniture. He was told in the morning by a passer-by that Weiss was lying down in an unconscious condition in his garden. Went to him imme diately and tried to restore consciousness with the aid of a stimulant, but was unsuccessful. Sent for Dr. Wigg, who pronounced life extinct on his arrival. Dr. Wigg, in his evi dence, said that he had made a post-mortem examination of the body. On opening the chest he found the organs healthy. The heart was slightly enlarged, and there was slight valvular disease. Pound no deleterious sub stanpe in the stomach. Death was due to valvular disease of the aorta. Sudden exer tion might have proved fatal. The jury re turned a verdict in accordance with the medi cal evidence. They also wished to express their satisfaction at the complete arrangements of the city morgue. The annual concert in connection with the South Adelaide Football Club took place in Garner's Theatre on Wednesday evening. The-programme presented was an attractive one, and the audience, which was large, was as enthusiastic as anyone could desire. The Tomahawk Minstrels created much amusement in the first portion of the entertainment and a capital little orchestra added greatly to the enjoyment of the proceed ings! Mr. H. Pounsett was musical director, and the other positions were filled up'as follows: Violinist, Mr. H. Hine; pianist, Mr. G. Dew; cornet, Mr. G. Vincent; bones, Mr. A. J. Abbrtt; tambo, Mr. W. Abbott; interlocutor,. Mr. ;H. W. Pounsett. In the second part of the performance, the dancing of Messrs. F. W, Scantlebury, G. Gordon, Guidi, and Pine was much admired. Mr. H. Warner gave a clever exhibition of ventriloquism. The entertainment closed withthelaughable farce of "A ghost in a pawnshop," in which the characters were sus tained by|Messrs. A, J. Abbott, F, Sando, and W.Abbott. A popular entertainment in aid of the organ fund of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral was given in the Adelaide Town Hall on Wed nesday evening. Despite the fact that those on pleasure bent had the choice of a multitude of similar entertainments a very large au dience assembled, and the lengthy and varied programme which was presented gained the approval of all. The overture was played by the Adelaide Concert Orchestra, a body of accomplished musicians, and two little ladies named Misses Sarah Leonard and Esther Young followed with a duet, which they rendered in a very pleasing man ner. Miss Annie Briggs's ballad, " lhe wish ing gate," was much appreciated, and Miss Monten and Mr. Leo Bruce contributed an effective duet entitled "Maying." Mr. L. M. Tier quite brought down the house with his comic song "The breach of premise." The next on the list was the song " The midship mite," rendered by Mr, Walters, who has a good bass voice. Mr. Denholm danced a sailor's hornpipe in such a manner that he was recalled twice, He was succeeded by Mr. L. Bruce with the baritone soner " I fear no foe," and Miss Freudenberg and Mr, L M. Tier in a duet called " May and December," all of whom were rewarded with hearty applause. An old public favorite reappeaied in the_ person of Mr. E, D. Davies, the ventriloquist, and he and:his little folk kept those present in a continual state of merriment with their funny sayings and songs. Miss H. Monten gave the song "Let me dream again " very nicely, and Mr. Charles Kelly sang a comic composition of Mr. E. D. Davits's entitled, " The man who makes the gas." A violin solo played by Mr. A. R, Mumme riveted the attention of the audience, and on finishing he received much applause. Mrs. Proctor sang an echo song, and Mr. Kauffman the song entitled, " Oh, oh, hear the wild winds blow' in good style, and they were followed by a pianoforte duet, played by Messrs. C. W. Summerhayes and L. Conrad. Mr. E. D. Davies also shone as a singer, and his humorouB song, "Bug-a-Boo," caused much laughter. Other numbers were included in the programme, and altogether the entertain ment was a thorough success. In order to afford the holiday-keepers an opportunity of passing a pleasant evening on Wednesday Miss Bessie Royal arranged an excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music, which was performed in the Academy of Music in the presence of a large and appre ciative auditory. The names of Miss Bessie Royal, Miss Playford, and Messrs. Oelmann, Nash, and BriBtow as vocalists, and Mrs. Alderman, Herr Heuzenroeder, and the Ade laide Orchestra as instrumentalists, are sufficient guarantee of the quality of the music provided. The programme'was varied and attractive to suit the occasion. MisB Bessie Royal contributed in the first part the pretty and difficult soprano air " Sing, sweet bird" (Ganz), which was most artistically and effec tively rendered, and in the second part she gave the favorite romanza from "Martha," "The lastroseof summer, "which was enthusiastically encored and the lady obligingly responded with "Comin'thro' the rye." Miss Playford gave Pinsuti's song "Someone's sweetheart," and in the second portion themonvivial measure entitled "Vanity," in which she was encored, besides taking part with Miss Royal in the "Sainted mother" duet from "Maritana." Mr. Bristow was heard to advantage in Morgan's ballad " My sweetheart when a boy," in the duet with Miss Royal entitled "Maying," and with Mr. Nash in "The moon has raised her lamp above." Mr. Oelmann gave in his well-known finished style "Excel sior" and "Come into the garden, Maud," which gained for him a deserved recall. Mr. H. G. Nash was in capital voice, and rendered the " Village blacksmith " and " The death of Nelson " in a highly satisfactory manner. The audience were very cordial in their recognition of Mrs. Alderman's ability as a violinist, as she was heartily recalled for her fantasia, "Daughter of the Regiment," and Martin Simonsen's arrangement of "Scotch airs." Mr. Bristow had to apologise for the omission of two numbers through Mr. Chipp being a sufferer from a sore throat, but Miss Playford kindly contributed an extra Bong. The Ade laide Orchestra performed an arrangement of old English melodies for the overture, and afterwards a march. Herr Heuzenroeder efficiently presided at the pianoforte. "The lass of Richmond Hill," arranged as a part song by Mr. Alfred Cellier, was the concluding number of a pleasing entertaiment. A performance by members of the Fraternity of Mutual Imps is announced to be given in the Theatre Royal on Wednesday next. The Theatre Royal was crowded in every part on Wednesday evening, when the opera of " The Mascotte " was repeated and went capi tally throughout, the audience being lavish in their demonstrations of approval, and the house resounding with their frequent and hearty laughter. His Excellency the Governor was present and odjoyed the performance. "The Mascotte" will be repeated to-night, and presented for the last time on Friday, when the season closes. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders of the Imperial Permanent Building Society was held at the society's office on Tuesday, a fair number of members being present. Mr. A. S. Devenish presided. The retring directors, Messrs. S. Toms and A. P. Jones were nominated for re-election, and Messrs, R. E, Kippist and B. Verco were re-elected auditors. A special meeting followed, at which it was unanimously resolved to reduce the number of directors from six to five. A concert will be given in the Y.M.C. A. Hall to night by Herr Hons Bertram and his pupils. A new lodge of Oddfellows, to be called the Dean Russell Juvenile Lodge, will be opened at Medindie to-night. 