\- MURIEL'S HEARTACHE. I 1 ; chapter ri (continued).. . 'Muiuei.!' said. uuy, soitiy, ns they ' stood fogotlior on the iniprovisod stago, .. sho (-witli tho fatal, ribbon in hor hand and that straugo pleading in her oyos, T vrnnf. fn nblr mti oAmtifhinfr " wu vw «>wn. «n/iuwuutu» \- ' Yes !' marvelling that ho had usod her name. ' What is it, Lord Alwyn ?' 'You told mo onco that lovo was stronger than aught olso.' ... . 1 -'Yes.' ' 'If you had a lover — ono who lovod You ns his own lifo , and /whom , .you lovod .back again, which would you. prefer, his, happiness ' or ' his honour ?' , , j '" Tho girl nover hesitated. , His honour l' sho answered, simply. 'I doii't think love could live without roBpoot.' .' You would rather see his grave, . tlio gravo of his happinoss, than that i ho should hroak Iub word. Is that it, Muriel?' Yes.' The curtain wont up ; those in front declared this was tho host /of all tho . soonos thoy had had— tho intenso oarhostnoss of Muriel Yorko as sli'o v knelt at Lord Alwyn's -side trying to fasten- tlio ribbon on liiB arm; tho firmrofusal gloaming liis in oyes. Thoy wore a woU- miitoliod pair; tlio Earl ' was' strikingly liandsomo dospito his gravity, and Muriel had one of those facos BO seldom scon, .which unito the uamoBtnesa of tho woman with tho \- innooonoo of tho ohild. Two of > thoso who watched that AftAnn Imil ilin fiiimn An fnr .."ias. looks, wont, how suitable 'wore " 'those two to go through life's journey together! ' But I can trust Guy,' thought tho niothor ; ' ho is ndt tlio ' man to \- forsako my child. WJien ho knows the shadow on hor birth, oven if lio had no .'lovo for Isabol, liis honour would compol him to give her hiB . name,' ' That is tlio man Bho might loam to ... lovo,' decided Dick Grovillo, as ho watohod hor ; 4 if Guy had been froo, \- 1 and I must soo my darling another's wife, I had rathor givo her to him than anyone in tho world.' "Tho curtain wont down. Guy hont to raise Muriol, and then a strange . > thrill wont through him. The hand . ho touched did not return his pres sure, the bluo oyos did not moot his, . thoro was a shadow on their azuro ,i... depths.. : To seo hor shrink from him cut him to tho very hoart; he forgot everything then. ' 'What is it?' he cried, hoarsely. . ' ' /Why won't you look at mo, Muriol ? What have I done ?' .' It is nothing.' Guy placed. hor in a chair, and stood ; hosido hor; tlio startled toars . wero in hor blue eyos. ' Muriel, have I voxed you ? What has troubled you ? Toll me.' There was a tone of authority in his . yoioe sho could hot rosist. Sho ' turned to him with a little cry. 'It was hollo sent me. You need . notJiavo looked at mo liko that.' ' How did I look, Muriel?' ' As if you doapisod mo, as though you scorned mo.' ' Don't you know, dear,' using tho donr in 'all unconsciousness; 'that look is in tho'econo ; it was your ribbon \- I was scorning, not . you. Muriel, I could not scorn you.' Sho raised hor oyoB to his, thon thoy sank in." confusion. Guy forgot overy- ' . thing ; lie took hor in his arms. " 'Sly darling, my Muriol, do you Tcally enro for my look or words ?' Her faco was answer enough for . him; ho road in hor blushes that had ho only -been freo he might havo taught her to lovo him. Alas; nlns! tlioir lovo was among life's might hayo hcons. Muriol wnB first to remember this. She caught herself from Guy's amis, --Baying brokenly, and in a tono of muto re proach, — ' Isabol 1' 'I never lovod hor — nover 1 Muriol, my darling, wo have nothing to re- ' pronch ourselves with, ovon if I had noyor. soon . you. Isabel .could havo been nothing to me' hut a pretty philiUsh' playSing.' . 'She is not a child— alio is just my ago.' 1 Only you liavo a soul, and sho has none.' Tlioy 'stood, together in suonoo, Muriol Yorko with a littlo pain at hor lionrt such as all women know when thoy libvo givon thoir lovo in vain; and yot apam, mingled with joy;, for ono look into Guy's eyes, ono sound of his voico told hor that ho, lovedhor. 1 'Muriol,' ho said at' Inst. 'What are wo to.do,? I lovo you with all my hoart and soiil 1 I believe I, havo lovod you over since I saw you, hut. my word is pledged .toTsabol.' i v , Tlio girl novor hositatod. ' You must ho truo to hor.' ' ' Fool that I was to hurdon mysolf with , such/ a promiso, to plpdgoi jny word!' ; ' But you loved hor. onco.?' y ; 'Novorl Protty ob sho is, „Bpllp novor had any oliarm for mo ; she' was only a child when Our marriage was planned. I consohted to plortso a man -\yho had been my "host friend, and who was on his deatn-hed. ' I ' thought' ' I had done with .loyo. . , ' Thon you loved hPforo ? -Did ' sho die?' ... ; ' Sho jilted mo, sho killed my: faith and lovo at ono blow. , Muriol, .from tho day sho deceived me I hover oarod to look into a woman's faco until to night — novor 'onco.' .Bho , was crying gontly ; ' happinesB had coiho so near, and yot, whs to pass hor by. ' J"':' ' " V.'.'.,.','. j After all,', cried Guy impatiently. 1 why should wo both do sacrificed .to Isabel? : If; I. marry,.hor, two .lives wiU he wrotohod, porhaps. . Tlieroforo how can I make hor .happy 'when my wliole' heart is aching for tho: lovo of you.?'. .. i Muriol' shook nor head. ' . , t I Tf aliA rnlonnori you .it would ho difiorent hut ,.as it is yowhMoiigtb hor;': £/:.!. ..'is. ; 4Andyou?' , ... | ' And IV with, h StTahgo 'pain in hor voico. ' Oh, I shall live it down !'.. 'And' ma-rry Dick?'' ' ' No !' with a tremor of indignation1.. ' I shall;' nover ' marry anyone/ novor whilo I livo'.' : / With your face? You talk- im possibly.'" " '.i '. . j ' I shall novor many while I live, repeated Muriol,' slowly. ' : ' I am :only ninotoon, hut I don't think my life wouldhold two lovos.,' AUUjrwuiuvuuiwt In words slio did- not answorhun ,tho anguish .-of that intorviow was more thau sho could hoar. Guy drow hor, close to him, and priutod somo 'fovrirish kisBoa on hor lips. ' / ! 'Earowoll,' my darling E he _ said, .'sadly ; you lidvo/restorod my fnitli, in women ; you havo "taught mo what faith iB. I shall koop my . promise, Muriel, : hut ah 1 at what a cost.' 1 Vory gontly Muriol disengaged her self from his grasp and walked; away. Guy stood watching hor until her, long whito drapory was out of sight'; then, with a smothered sigh, ho wont to tlio bnll-room to liido liis misory undor tlio disguise of a courteous host. Muriol wns cortainly , not prepared. for tho'" 'signs 'which mot hor upstairs. Since tho advent , of tho other guests, she. and Isabol had sliarod -tho/samo room. As sho ontored it/shosaw Miss Norton sitting down by tho fire, palp as a, littlo ghost, hor,,thm droafl dripping with water; lior thin satin shoos wot through and tliropgh. , , ; 'On, jboiio, wnainavoyouuoiiq r .; 'I did not moan to ho so long,': panted Isabol ; 'hut'I. whs. dotainod, and it began to , rain. Oh! iMuriol, I am wot through, my dress is '(jiAtp spoilt.'' ' But why did you go out ?' ' "Will you koop my socrot? ... For a moment - ; Muriel hesitated, sinco all innocently she was Isabel's' rival. Ought sho to liston to hor con fidence? 'I'inust toll somoone,'- wont on Bollo, in hor childish Way ; 'tho sporot; iS killing me.' 1 ' ; The girl who was. so fow months hor senior, and yot who 'Seemed, so : much older in womanliness and tenderness put ono nrm round her. . : 'Toll me, Belle!' ' '. I went .to soo him.', ,; 'J1; '"WlioP' 'thinking she : w!as, in a droam. , . . . 'My lover! Oh Muriol! , I can't marry Guy, I don't caro f or him. I lovo somoono else.' It wns a weight from Muriel's heart.; If Isabel garo Guy-his freedom, why, then.her lovo could:bo no longer a siii. A strange rapture camo into . hor face.' . ; . 'Don't.., try and ,porsua_do- mo;'- whispered Bello," 4 jit's not use. Guy is very good, hut I' am afraid of him.' ' "Who is it ?' asked Muriol, ' Oh ! Bello, is ho. a good man ? Will hb make you happy ? ' He will make me happy, bocauso I lovo him. I don't think lie is a good man ; hut then I amtirod of goodness. uuv uua urnuo mo yyoiwj ... Again Muriol repeated hor question. 'Whoisit?-' ' Somoono you havo seen, for ho told mo lie travelled part of tho way with you.' . ' Not Mr. Lonson?' 'And why not?' Ho is young j and liandsomo. Ho lovos mb to distraction.' Tho otlior girl forgot' that hor own chances of happinoss depended upon Belle's breaking her troth. Don't marry Mr. Lonson, dear,' slio urgod. ' I omsuro ho is not worthy ofyou.' ' But I lovo hini, Muriol. Ho is bo gay and handsome. And ho wor ships mo !' ' What does your mamma think of him ?' ' Sho himlly knows him ; hosidos, sho sees overyono with Guy's oyos, and he liatos Cyrill.' Isabel lmd changed lior dress whilo sho spoko. Slio looked prottier than over in a costume of silver . gauzq. Muriol hont over and kissed hor. ' Will your . ask you mamma to exepso iuo, .dear ? '. I "have a headacke, aiid would rathor not como downstairs again to-night,\' t- . I i Bolle flitted , away, ; and . Muriol, throwing, horselfi' drossod as sho was; upon, tho - bed; " foil ' 'into an uneasy sleep, troubled by a fearful dream, in which she. and , Guy1 stood together 'within ahand's distance' of oaeh othbr, whon Cyril ;,Lonspn's ,' dark form sud denly stepped; in diotwoon them, and shut all viow .of the 'Earl from hor gazo. She. awoke ' with a, smothered sob, to find tho fire still burning, the room .bright with gas candles,1 : and IsaholNortonloisurbly undressing lier- solf; as composed : as though she had novor in hor life'1 hoard such words as love,' marriage, betrothal. . . Belle, camo oyer to, .her, with.a little cryi— ' You frightened mo . dreadfully!' sho said. i ' You havo boon moaning itr your, sleep so.' i f '-''Have I ?' ; ' 1 ' I wish you, had boon downstairs.' It whs a'splondid'"party, , Momma Bays "it Is, the .host Bho. has given'.' ' i '' And. you erijoyod it, Bolle ?', . ' | , ,' Of course?' : '.Even without Mr.Lenson ?' ' Well, I saw him this evening. ,'I was with him qnite half-an-liour. ' Did'he ask you to'meot him'?' : ; 'Yes.' , . ' ' i He ''ought not said Muriolj slowly. 'Bollq, don't you sea how selfish ho1 Ib? He makes you t iko all the risks — all tlio danger. If ho loves , you, so, why doesn't ho come boldly to the Oastle' and ask to seo your mother?' 'He oan't, Muriol, he's so poor. Ho says mamma would think' it was my money he'wartted.' '; ; \ i; . If Blip had only knownit 1 Sho had . no money— not a hnndred pounds in all tlio world; V."H Mr. Lenson had Vn nii'vi +lii«a .Via ir/inin r» Wrtlllel ' Tint .have been quite so ardent/' 1 ; ' oItatteii nr. ' ' Christmas Day dawned bright and cold. . Tlioro was; no traco of - last night's rain; the air whs clear and frosty; Muriel Yorko rose with d strongo, new happiness at her hoart. Lord Alwyn lovod her, and Isabel was .weary of hor fianeea. Yery soon— it might ho a fow days, it might be a few weeks — Guy would ho free. Tho love .that hut iast night had seemed so hopeless, so full of pain, would yet havo a happy ending. the bright- firosido, looking at lier pre sents. , A tray stood on the table heaped with offerings, for she was a favourito with all tho guests. No ono had forgotton hor — from Mrs. Norton's :goId. locket to tho vicar's Christmas : card; Everyone had . had some kind ; thought for Muriol ; hut what plodsod her most was: a hunch of bright rod holly, homes, yot aprinklod with morn ing, dow., A littlo note accompanied it, without beginning or end. Only a few linos in. tho dear hold handwriting which had, such power to touoh, hor heart : — . . ' "While tlio holly-troo is groen I shall remojnhor last night. As its loavesli.vo through thowintor's cold and frost", so shall my love survive the chill of absoricb. and separation," Whilo1 the holly-tree is groan! It meant .that his- We would. Inst all time, and. in a littlo while that love would no longer be hopeless. Muriol sat' with the holly barrios in her hand, full of happy thoughts; as chnngod irom ino sna, nnnrcuvoKon gin oi iiisn inight hs that giri horself was changed from tho husy little household fairy of Elysinn-rqad., . . ' -'Muriol!' - .Tho'i voice was weak and' husky., Lost in .hor own swept dreams/Muriel did not hoar it. The summofiewns repeated; thon sho turnocl and saw. Isabel sitting up in bod with flushed, feverish clieoks arid oyes all too bright for health. 'I foolsoilll' I And . sho lookod it. Muriel remem bered hor expedition of the night bo- foro — -hor dripping garments, hor wot feet- She saw that unwonted cold and oxposuro had had their effect. .' How do you feel? Doesyourhoad ache?' 'It aohos fearfully; and I am so burning hot, and yet I koop shivering. Muriol, do you tlnnk I am going to he very ill?' , . 'I hope not.' , ' I mustn't ho ill ! I won't he ill 1 Bond your' lieod closor, dear, and I will tell you my secret.' . ' You did toll it me.' '.Brit' not all. Wo aro going ' away .to-night 1 ' .' ' Going away 1 ' Cyril says it is tho only plan. Mamma would novor consont to our mnrringo; she is So wrappod up in Guy. We aro going to London.. Wlion onco I am hiB wife, Cyril will write and toll mamma.' . . Young as she was, Muriel saw the utter misery poor Bollo was preparing 'You will, break your mother's heart!' alio said, indignantly. 'You aro all sho has. How can you think of leaving hor?' .' a shadow passod over Belle's faco. 'It won't ho for long. ' I am to moot Cyril to-night. Mamma won't 'know of my absenco till to-morrow at break fast ; then sho will only have a fow hours' suspense boforo sho hears that I am Mrs. Cyril Lonson." Muriol wrung hor hands. ' I, can't prove it to you,' slio said fondly. ' You won't liston to mo ; hut oh, Bollo, you wiE make yoursolf miserable for lifo 1 ' ' I can't help it, Muriol.' ' Do vou roaBy lovo Mr. Lonson bo muoh.?' Bollo slmddorod. I think I do.' 'But -yot you tromblo whon you speak his name. "You enn't lovo him.' ' I do! I lovo him dearly ; hut I am .afraid of him, Muriol. Ho is voxod with mo, bocauso I have piit off our flight-so often. He thinks I do not caro,'— and a' strange. -sadness was in nor voice,— -' lie can't understand that 'though' J love, him it ; costs me somo- . thing to leave my home.' The breakfast gong rang put. -if. Go down', said BoUe hioro cheer fully; ' don't, wait for mo. If mother asks any questions/say that J am'vory tired.' ' Muriol reminded her of her presents, which 'stood; disregarded on the table ; hut Bello shook hor head, and waved them away. 'I couldn't look at thorn— I' dare not.. Oh ! Muriol, I am not quite, quite heartless. Whenever I hear my mother's voico, whenever Guy speaks kindly to. ins; . I fool as if I wish I had died before I brought such sorrow on them.' ' : r : Tf To be continued, J ; ' : 4 