(.lito. OU1i OWsx c i:olltcls i'?suIENT;) Feb. 8, Ohl "TJupiteir Pcluvills" lins hilln up ito his tricks again, anl the paist weok has Ilbeen aInythinig bit dsirable weiathllr, autd has spoiled ia lot of hay. Hut( the rmeil'rs. t I blat e themlll selves i'for t(hi, if thlly willI let the eatrly sow ilg pI?&lshy; 1l ill lnot ltake eitil uiitil it is very late they IltIint. eilptICt iL nisky harvest with every probability of tAtal loss. AMr. 11ubbnard hll smic?ii in, the schoolholluse on Stumitlih.v., Sal prIelsclul a goiod seriLoin o Iige l' UOllgregatliOm, tile ilargest we, lilre lhd yet. 'this ge''tllilllun l S(ees to bue butlter likedl ,(h tilllme he viits Its, Itsd tashe lakies itu interest in thl pla.e thi people will mion look forwardl. to his visits withi eager anticipatioi. Mr. Itlubtartld is iulsavoriig to fuormI a Suiiuny School and Bannd of Ihopo mei tiigs for Satl.. iday eveninig n?id Smdnvay morningi I heairtily wish him ev\'ery' ilccess, ius. he dl.sermves enlcouIagiellintIt, I overheard a convlsationl ealrlried'o hbetweeli two yonillg iieni tihe otlher eolting abilout theinonsationtSlt oilt would fi'el upon shlootinl a. fullowt eueatl e.. The qulestion wasl asked 11 Whbt w?vld1 you do if yol were stuck ulp llil I hsic loaded revolver with yout" Ail thl?. auswer was to thle eftect that soonlr thman mlnlergo the selntiOls coInsequeivl?i upon shootinlg it Imait lie would bei coi telt to loose his ?property. Noiw 1 halin lily own opililnll ip)o thei foregoing, anlld it is that thei! pIrsui shll t, or shot tit, undlergoes sensations more pecullliar Ihultl the Ilersonl shllotilg. I had a loaded gun pointed at Iie ollnce iid the soinsation I fel t woull like to be giftdcl withl the airy grace of the ortlhodox ghost, so that Ii ight disaj. Ipr at ii moment's uitico, [ lwanted to feel small, bllt the nmoro I wanted thn larger .f suoueld to be, until 1. thought I. was as largo as--as-well, as life, nt that gun seemedll to look right ith mIu with a deadly ferocity, whiolh Imlde usi wish 1 was lit thie butt olld of it. So I canl hardly bellove .tlheo people when they say the shooter feels Is luch ais the shllootoo (if I mllty be. allowed the word). Ftib:. 15 We lhave hill an intncittlon ofpolitl. cal meotings in the districb lately, Mr. Olartol first, and now our old mnelluor who hohl four imoutiga.n in Clmo dlbtridt withllil 24 holurs, whioha miiit i? fe proved a oevero test of his vocal powers. Mr. Camoron first visited, on Friday the 1sth, hloillo's Oreek, no aiomptlniod by Mr.' T. Ewart, and ad dlressoed a weoll.attelded mnoothiig. A r. P. Ewarl was uuanohuously voted to thie chair, and aftur a few introduotory ru'Ouarls itroducud Mr. Oilneron so that, n1'o he said, he might speak for himself.s MIr. Cameron then said that frotm certain ruauurs which had reached him he expected to meet with a rather wa\vrm receptiou with tegord to our roads. In fact some of tile people hoid tackled him as lie came along the routd. Mle then went ul to explain tie reasouts why we had been so mtuch neglected, and regretted very mulich that he had not visited us oftener to see foor himself, and promised if returnled to do so in the future. He then touched upuo his reasons for joiinig tie Coalitioa Ministry, explained his present view and then eilarged upon the various good aind useful teasures passed ly the late Miinistry and explaited their good; points. Mr. Cameron, pointed out that soein croakers lhad got it into. their head: tlhat tlhe colony was iln, a state verging on lbankruptoy,but lie saittliere was not a scintilla of Inlth in these re pirts, and proved by figures tlat tlhe revenau, judging by Ilie lprI'ese iilncomle, would at the end of the fliiancia' year lpave it buiialice surplus of iearly lillf it millioln lver the.expi'dsitire. Proving that the ioalml.ies UldI tlie colony in genteral. was lii xi iIn R. iore pl'osliwoul's cilitioni. The. Chaiiriiiii. iinw aise and siated ,tllm if 'rany.l' g lenrlituii hail tiny quUestiolis to put AIr. Ciutlleroi wJulllh be haYpp to aunswer thlmii. VWhereulpon Mr.. IA. liurko rose and sail itl a pilice. straiglitforw.nrr' mIIn ler' tllat owing to tihe InoiIIIelr in whichI we liatl beein liegleeted withli, egurd to oUll' illad a Itnumlberll hald dletrnailted to ippMoe him, but sice he liaidl ixplaiile.: thti it wis not ialiogelther his 6uilt, l.und! tile rond was now partly lot by con, tracl, they would sithlldraw their lppon. sitiio, and lie had uulh pldeasure ini proplsinigl n vote ul conifiduiice, whici, wais seconldld by .M r; llodlgers, atil afttrr beinig piu to the mleeting wNas ucrried iullllnioiusly, Mir. Oatllti'ro tnukedl' ithem Ifr their kindness in, giving him sl1ch mnllieilnoiis suppil t nlld promnised it' rei'u:llund;lto see that w haId n good roal to I-lildle's Crieek witliil at least six uIlitlihs. A few Illore qieslliollns werue lilt to hill anld a generall cclnverse lion elnsuted ill whiclh IMr. Cnimeron jobilu. A qlestioll was put to hlion liy Mr. (hie!ck nskig if thli Goiverintlnt wuild inttertlain un iippliention folir n dllunond drill, as. hle wail of tihe olpillio that gildl existed; andl could be fiutnl if we only had tlle-li elOis no prosIpecting for it. FHe thought tlihat a tliu iiiiinrs hail imdi. the ciuintry (gnd 1 lhartily iagree witli, himts) tliy sliilld havel little support. Mr. Camleroni said tlie. lianmond drills had provedia failurei, fir llnulty rIesuoii wlicli e Ipoilntel oil1, but lie wias quite sure the Guver?mlneint were williug to seild the-rock horetrs ifa lropler applieation.wnas iaiaile. nout, ainid the mlintier could tlien iol're wlerever Ithluy liked, nnd' lno Peplleiive stall of" skilled iien would be requirl'd T'ie usual hiand slinlting was Ilow. gone ,lthiroulghl, alnd so.tioll(ld it vry frihiolllr nlld social miueeting. AMr; Unitierln rodl to the' Lan uluhing P'loe- wiiere heII spent the iight, nid' oil SitIeinlry adidressed' two very cordilnl' illiil iliiiiiiiiiolS Illeit ilgs at Warburton, i oin' I(1l tlie Upper nlsl llne it. Li?,er W\rllrlllln, retlurl illg to.tlhe Launiluinlg-l PIlce in, time to atiteud a nulieting tliere ill, the evuetnilg-, accoluuisied liy Dr) Croio.ke. 'T'lhere w ls ailurge gatliering of tlue electors,. Annd' was very pluneasd to sle ithI Illnet ig ienlivened Iby the preseluce o f'several' liulles.. Dr. Crooke swas voted'to, til rlhair, andl befori? illtrolcieiig the candli (luat, this gnliat ill gentlilnn splike ilnhighl praise of tih l lies, staling thatn it wns he! firstl tilme lie linl stlnii Indles t ii politiLn.l moelillg; naUd' wiAling tihat there wsv it women'li's sut lrage-lhu was srltrn we wouild hIive better imen itll par -liialnent iliud, lietter. lawsn, ronsellir ntilly imore proleirily Mr. CamliroI th lleire.o :lpelaedl wtlib i lie Ihd aidl an tlie CIreek, andt explilhnid lii views usll. lual. I hi aitl lieo would not Iteep theli. tiiicHll longer is lie Itoiw Ihis wivrtly Chair n11111 wislitdl to tiidllre.s tilerI,1 ol. the siihjiet Oif " strali couitniiiiitlionli, 'wilt ilulblourno in tile. shliipe- of?tbrnin wfayo. lie replied tioa- queslibn oil Ilie. lllnd Act, after wLwhicl AMr. C?reitliton. 'proliise'd i vot! oif collllanie,.whiclh was. secotidbd by .Mr. lantswell taild cirritd' witllouit oile iN-listligt voli'o. Mlr'. Calterron tlinnkehi hlls fri'di warmily. tinr thllii-siiupport,. And promisedl ii; lie was elocleil to try and.Ldo. lis.hbest to. dwke?rue- bhilrii- eatillliiei. TIh;. 0()ilcll. nillllassesdl tliosellitiig onii ilile' slbjiob oi ' trlliie i y nooll llitilliianlioi ie pIiii olt l ii o tt llt alluglh M.'r. bCniOloill hld'f l givei, livl' yulllrs In col01 pl't, tliu irailwlnys ,alreadly 'lrojecti'(l; yet hi-tlhought the ittile tiighlt lie-ox tendced to len--lit ivseu li?ouyinrs. was. t lonlg tilmio ti wail for theu irlls liIhir.Se and the iron horse was wnlit t*eo·kaiited Ilesaid thlat wn coull lnot expeabtio.gcul r. rnilway, which woulld unst saoveril tholiOsaisll poer nlil, for It, long- tinla ; yet we"a coull get ii triartmiy whicih wouldl ait us just us well for as iImany litindreds per Inile. )Dr. Crooke lbly nxplalined his project, which areiIat very fcasiliho, olid a motion was Iproposed Iby lMr. J. Ewart, secotnded by Mr. Onrighl to?l, that Dr, Orooke le i nlpotrered to forward the- necessary fornus, anid materlinl for utinnilig the first sRtps, lilld thatlns cohinititteo leo fariied to ilenl *sith llt nalittor, wlsleol wnas unntiioiiltyl carriel, annd the nreeotig ulosoe with a vote ofll thaiks to the Clhilrlnalii weho in rising to atrii tUhlnkes, iigain referrued toithe t lilnasitr he cxpcrienced in aeoleig so Inaliy lIldias present nnd mandn lithe romark thllt overy youllg bathelolr shoulll bet doubly taxed in thi face of It, whloli proves tihat the old iloctor tII not .only n t, lseo h I host dlys, hut bIeing. an1--Irlhlaiaii - has hecoitlllca it timantely acquitlistul with the " hati ey stone. \- ALdhitioLio' PrUITry.-The uhronlo debhanchcue'leol thati hls positlihlycauin. not exist wilthloult hia nielhoilieo sthintillii. tion. To qtit drinkihng or to contltiin t the hbhit brings death till thlin sue, olioh A mnn Riiti thid In Aiincricin OU('s Hop Bitters hinrpeirly cil cit, pitrfC'el puniucn for thell druiril'd c:urt . liu iil 