TRADES UNIONISM IN THE GOVERNMENT SERVICE. The proposal to form a combination on tlio trades union principle amongst the employees of the Railway Depart ment has called forth a general croak of alarm from tho ottenualed ranks of our colonial Uonservntism. All sorts of evils tire predicted unless tho move ment is crushed in its inception. If once tho men are allowed to handle the weapon of combination, the reign of order and discipline is at ati end. I'owcr they only want for one purpose, namely, the pro motion of their own good, and the men's good is necessarily their em ployers' evil. Tho State, which in this instance harmens to lie tho oinnlover. is therefore solemnly warned from several quarters that tho seeds of revolution are being sown, which, if not immediately uprooted, must produce fatal fruit. This is simply history repeating itself. From time immemorial every liberal innovation, whether great or small, has been met in pretty much the same way. Conservatism always dies in its last ditch, and never gives up the ghost while, ono tattered shred of privilege is left to fight for. When the idea of trades unionism was first mooted in Englnnd it ranked in the political decalogue on a par with meprisim of treason. It was regarded as incipient anarchy, niul the strong arm of the law was invoked against it in exactly the same kind of language as we hear now in reference- to tho proposed union of railway men. Butlawswliichoutrun pub lic opinion soon lose their force, and tlio opposition to trades unionism was com paratively feeble ami short-lived. In all private walks of industry the working- men are now intelligently combined for mutual assistance and the support of their common interests, yet the founda tions of law nnd order seem just as secure ns over they were. Tho Govern ment is the lnrgcst employer of labor in tlio colony and in that capacity it is forcetl to patronise trades unionism. It is unable to help itself. .If it were to prohibit its contractors from employing society labor tlio public works of the colony would have to go begging. Every railway carriage built by private firms in the colony is built by the labor of trades unionism. Men who build railway carriages are just its much in the employ of tho Government ns the men who work them. The inter vention of a contractor between tho men and the Government is not an essential difference. The contractor represents his employees, and as such, the Govern ment knows very well that it is dealing with either a voluntary or an involuntary representative of trades unionism. If trades unionism is an evil in one branch of the service it is so in another, and tho arguments which apply against its introduction into tlio maintenance departments of our rail ways will also demand its elimination from the constructive departments. Is Mr. Goodciiap or any of thoso who uphold his late ukase prepared to push their arguments to this patently legitimate extreme. It is said that tiie power of combination would "'"l" 11,: liimmj employees to loot me public treasury by forcing unfair ad vantages from the Government. It is not shown, however, that the hundreds of trades unionists in tho indirect employ of tho Government have so far mnde any such attempt. If thoy forced moro wages than they were entitled to under the laws of supply nnd demand from tho contractors tho contractors would have to get the extra amount from tho Government. But trades unionism has no possible power to defeat tho law of supply and demand ; tho most it can do is to guard tho interests of labor in obedienco to that paramount law. Wherever a riso in wages is secured it does not follow that the interests of the men have been pro moted at the expense of their em ployers. Perhaps tho interests of tho employers were being promoted at the expense of the men, and tho riso simply involves tho abatement of the injustice. Instead of labor encroaching upon -'capi tal it may be that labor is simply beat ing back a long-endured encroachment upon itself. A distinction has boon drawn botwoeu the direct employees of the State nnd tho employees of private firms. It lias now come to be admitted that tho latter may combine without threatening tho over throw of our social nnd political fabric, but revolution and ruin are still predicted as tlio natural outcome of a similar movement amongst tho former. It is said that the railway men might mnko a demand upon tho Government and em phasise it with tlio threat of dismissal from oifico in tho ovont of thoir demand not being acceded to. If tho Govern ment wishes to bo secure from black mailing attempts of this kind it is told that it must take timolv precautions to prevent organisation. Again, tho so ciety might proclaim a strike and cause the industrial pulso of the country to stagnate by laying up tlio railways. As far ns the employees bringing "political pressure to bear upon tho Government goes, that is a thing whieli thoy are perfectly entitled to do in their capacity ns ordinary members of the commonwealth. Such legitimate power as tho ballot-box gives them it is thoir unassailable right to use in tlio most effective way possible. But seeing tlmt every other class of men have the same right, and whatever tlio railway employees succeed in obtaining from tho Treasury comes out of the pockets of all, no Government need bo afraid of resisting demands for favoring any one class ot tho oxpenso of the rest. As for tlio men striking against tlio department, that would only amount to punishing tho public, in which respect tho Government has a protection against strikes which is not availablo to private employers. It is said that if the Govern ment go to cross purposes with tho men it is at a disadvantage, inasmuch as the men have a say in the ap pointment of Governments. Bat in a much more direct way labor can make or mar the fortunos of its private em ployer. If a private capitalist resists the demands of his men he does it as his own risk. "With tho State it is different. The Government acts on behalf of the community and the community must tnke tho consequences. If tho commu nity like to allow itself to bo punished because tho railway employees choose to striko against Mr. Goodohap, whom, personally, tho strike would in no way affect, that would bo its own look out. Railway officers on tho other hand may with comparatively no risk if thoy choose provoke nnd aggravate thoso under them in a manner tlint it would be extremely dangerous for pri- vato employers to attempt. A private employer's money depends on the good conduct of his business, but tho com missioned employers of our railway de partment can draw their money no matter how things go. This gives the men much moro need of an organisation to mutually protect their interests than if thoy were in private employ. What ever grievances thoy have, public opinion is the supremo tribunal beforo which they would have to bo brought for hearing. A society to facilitate appeals to this tribunal might in various ways proinole tho interests of justice, but we utterly fail to sec what power it would liavo to work injustice. 