PRESBYTERY OE MELBOURNE. Tho ordinary monthly tni><Mifu>of thr Br-' liviory r,f .MfU-t-turii" wad h««M ttt tii- ris-<MLb!y liivi), CiMliiift-airtw. yfMtvuiuy. 'Huho wjh a ( .-Ut'Ti'iAJi.'., ami ih<» nwler:r'«rw Wmi- wa oo.-upj.M by t!:«f llrW T. IV. The ih'if.-ijtiirsas li.tt in: umu «q"ii «i «» voti<>r.al!y, ' I!:? L::.nije-i v/us ptce-vilcd with. i im: -luis church t am.. j '1 he Uev, D. M-Kcn/ie, moderator of tho ' Soots Ciiurck Suasion, enumerated thu sfv|>3 ; to ohtalu a rail for a suitablo minister ! for tho t-'euts Churoh coimreaiion, and stated j that a call signed by 173 member and 142 adherents had boon received iu favor of tho Her. George Dods. lie 5 La. ted that Dr. Mor rison bad made a complaint against Mr DckIks call, aud that three commissioners had been appointed to rccoivo and answcrlhat complaint. It was only fair to the Scots Church congrega tion to add that when the call was signed twpDty members were abscut. from tbo colony and sixtc-mi were ab»eiii from tbo town. Tho number of the communicant on the roll was 277\. Ho now placed the cull before the presby tery. Everything hati buou done in due form. The ltev. S. Robinson: Ibis tbo call Lsien scrutinised by the kirk session, and do they certify to all the signatures being by bowtjide jnembor of tlio ScotsQhurch? The Kev. Mr. M'Kenzftu, Y es : I am prepared to testify that they mo (igrrect. Wo took a great deal of trouble with it. Tho .Moderutor : Tlio uexfc tiling to do is to hear the commissioners in support of tho call. Mr. Bailleo said he thought tliey had it very fair number of signatures to tho call. The meetiug, which was held on the 15tli February, when the call was considered, . was a most harmonious one. Everything went on very smoothly, anitho member's present almost seemed to be of oue mind, with a small' ex ception. When he mmttuAied Mr. ltods's mime us the clergyman yrhotu it was intended to call it was' received with tho greatest enUnwiayiq.. Mr." ' Ara Dick isaid that, in supporting tho cdll,'"Ile filbi verj- strongly on the' matter,' and Was jeireecdiugly anxious that it should' 'be .'diLstuini-d by'- the presbytery, and that Mr. Rods should be appointed to the church. Dr. Morrison's complaint was grounded in the first place oil his assertion that a minister of greater ability, experience ami weight of character would bo required, and that ir. would he better to send home for a suitable niau. lie (Mr. -Dick) objocteil to this ground of complaint, becauso ho believed that tlio appointment would conduce greatly to tho good of the .Scots Church and of tho position of tho Presbyterian Church in Victoria. Tho ticots Church had boon very badly treated iu tho past. On Sunday mornings it had been customary for ticots Church to bo full to over- tlowing, but lately when hu had beeu taking up tlio collection ho had counted less than 100 people in the church. That was a most de plorable state of matters which should not bo ailowod to' continue, and tho upholdiug of this cail by tlio presbytery would bo tho best moans of remedying it. In performing Iii.s duties us a commissioner it wns his business to cull at several houses of members of tho Scots Church, and ill very many casus ho heard very grievous complaints from people of tho condi tion to which t-lioy had boon reduced by tlio state of affairs which prevailed iu tho Soots Church at present. Wonion complained of the division which was made in their families by the state of affairs, their sous and daughters not earing to go to the Scots Church and not caring to go elsewhere, aud that in consequence they wero losing their hold of them. The daughter of ono lady had recently beeu baptised into one of tho smaller sects — tho Plymouth Brethren— and tho sou of another member had taken to going to hear Mr. Symos, the freethougbt advocate, preach. Bv sup porting this call to appoint Mr. " Dods to tlio Scots Church thoy would gnthor tlio congregation together again, nnd rejoin these divided families. ' Dr. Morrison's second ground of complaint, was that, becauso Mr. Dods had mixed himself up with the past actiou of the congregation iu opposition to tho -church, his appointment as its minister would not lead to tlio preservation of peaco or the resto ration of cordial relations between tho church and congregation. He esteemed Dr. Morrison very much, but ho must say that iu Scots Church Dr. Morrison' was a man of no influence— (applauso iu the body of the hall) — anil was uo leader. At the meeting on 15th February Dr. Morrison threat ened that, in spite of anything they should do, they would not got Mr. Dods as pastor of Scots Church. Dr. Morrison : I did not. -Mr. Dick maintained that he did. Dr. Mor rison did not get asinglo cheer, nnd when he had finished his speech it fell very flat indeed, aud ho could not get a seconder. Dr. Morrison said that tho proper course was to send homo for a clergyman. That was the way hitherto adopted by the Scots Church, and for the reason that they did not think there was a suitable man in' the colony to occupy the pul pit. But now such was not tho ease. They had already brought Mr. Dods out from Scot- laud. No word had ever bocn said against Mr. Dods, nnd ho stood before them now as a duly accredited member of tho Scots Church, a mau of great ability, who had kept the congregation togetherin very trying tunes, and who could do so still. Dr. .Morrison had said that tho appointment of Mr. Dods would not promote the prosperity of the church. Now ho (.Mr. Dick) gave that statement a most unqualified denial. No man could have behaved himself m a more orderly maimer thau Mr. Dods. Mr. Dods was careful to lot tho members of the church know that hs did not approve of their proceed ings. Ho wished the prosbytery to know that, because a good deal had beeu made of this, and would Ho doubt bo made of it again. Mr. Dods told the board of management that ho was not in favor of tho bill. He (Mr. Dick) now asked those present, as geutlemen and as Christian men dosirous of promoting the welfare of the church, to uphold the call of Mr. Dods to the ticots Church. Air. IV. F. Strahau supported the call, and explained that, owing to its being the holiday season and to the short time given the com missioners, there had been great difficulty in getting signatures to tho call. Ho corroborated ail that had fallen from the other conimisioners. The clerk of proslytery then read tho follow ing letter from the moderator ot tho Scots Church Session, enclosing Dr. Morrison's com plaint : — Dear Mr. Rallantyne.— At a meeting of tlio session of tliu Scots Cliurcli tickl on Lim IStli insr., it wna uzrecil to transmit to you ns prcstiytcry clerk a copy of a complains ami appeal, with reasons, against ttio de cision of die congregation at u liKtuing held on die 15th inst. to call the Iter, George dods to the nastoratc of the Scots Church. I herewith enc.use the document containing tho complaint, with reasons, standing in the iiamo ot Dr. Morrison, ot the Scotch College, Melbourne, who appeals front the decision of tho congregation. Tito following is Ilr. Morrison's contpmint: — "Icom- ptnin ot tliu election of tho Hev. Gen. Dods os minister of the Scota Church, and appeal from the presbytery of Melbourne for thu following, reasons : — 1, bciniusii n minister of greater ability, experience and weight of character is required for so important and promlu -nt a position as tint of tho Scots Church, and the most . likely way of obtaining such n minister is to send home a commission to leading ntcn hi the Church of Scotland. 2\. Because, as Mr. Dods has identified himself with the past action of the congregation in opposition to the church, his appointment as minister '.rniild not lead to the preservation of peace, or the restorat.oti of cordial rclatlous lietwcen lite church nnd congcgntlon. n. Because in the judgment of the objector Mr. Doris's teaching with respect to the essential verities of tbo faith is vague, negative and unsndsfuctory." Dr. Morrison upoke as follows iu support of his complaint and appeal : — Aloderator, — 1 never roso to speak on auy occasion under a greater sense of responsibility thau I now feel. 1 know that tho position. 1 take up to-day is fraught with' momentous. consequences; but, entertaining such ; dt.Wi.timvieripns on the subject ns i doy I would b<b unfaithful wero I ' to shirk tbo responsibility, and therefore I feel eoustraiueil to op'pqey.'/tjip settlement of Mr. Dods over the congregation of tho ticots Church, and for the fofiowiug. treasons: — 1. Because a minister of greater ability, experience and weight of character is required for iso important und prominent a positiou as that of the ticots Church, and the most likely way of obtaiuing such a minister is to send home a commission to leading men in the Church of Scotluud. Tho minister of tho ticots Churcli should be a man who, from his ability and bis influence, would take a commanding position in forming nud leading tho opinions of our Christian public. I respectfully express my opinion that in those respects Air. Dods is not fit for the position. 2\. Beoausu as Mr. Dods has identified him self with the past action oi tho congregation iu opposition to the church, his appointment as minister would not tand to tho preserva tion of peace or the restoration of har monious relations between the church and congregation. Tho first official intimation that a forcible separation from the Presby terian Church of Victoria was eoutemniatcd by the leaders of the ticots' Church, is contained in a minute of the board of management of 21st September, 1883, whioh I shall read. Mr. Dods wc.i not a member or thu board of management, and it is not. statod in what capacity or for what purpose ha was present. Three days afterwards, however, on the 24th of September, lie was present at a meeting of tho congregation with tho fail knowledge of the business which was to bo transacted, and ot" tho support which tho board of management hud pledged itself to give to any proposal for secession. Air. Dods was a recognised minister and otlice bearer of the denomination from which it was proposed to wrest the church aud property. He was a inemlier of that congregation, and, as such, was entitled to speak at its meetings, and yet he uttered uo word of complaint, nor offered the slightest opposition to tho proposal He was present also on tho foliowiug evening, the 25th Septem ber, when the motion to apply to Parliament was put and carried, and if loyal to his church and true to his colors he would, ut.that stage, havo felt iu honor hound to express and record his disapproval of tho proposed action, nnd to join with those of us who protested against it and appealed to the presbytery- I hold that all through this matter Mr. Dods utterly failed in his duty to the church, and betrayed its trust, and tbst for this reason alone the presbytery should re- fute to ap|oint bun as unn'.t.'r nf a church w hose rcvi'f ai.cc from i> coutiectii.o and jur! '- diction h" acqob-seea i;,. -,r. 1 was apparently ati.'.ioin to promo;.'. 'Ike Tr»'. Heps iai.cn K> Mr. Dii.li w..r>'. I '."tisi 1-r. oi .i very qui, ti-malil". uric 'ii-t.ti.tion i.l an.l i.upri'.-tsti.-rl.'iu Wi.tracii-r. For upwards ' montiii alter the cburr.i was ilo.-larrJ v.i1 ant. no steps ivlmr- ' i-r i. no lulcrri to call Mr. l '.'sis. but iniine- m.it"iy afl-r the prisbct»-ry declined to ap point liiin to supply tbo pulpit, an urauthoris"! and irregular document v.as drawn up. and signatures to it obtained, virtually pledging the congregation to call Mr. Dads, bi - fore any ono had an opportunity oi sub mitting a counter prn|iosal. This docu ment was not submitted to all tho members of tbo congregation, but apparently only to thoso who wero supposed to bo favorable to the call. . 3. Grave, however, as theso objec tions are, I have still more serious ones to the settlement of Mr. Doris as minister of tbo ticots' Church, on account of the character and tendency of his teaching, which, iu my opinion, is. with respect to tho essential Verities of the faith, vague, ncgatiru aud unsatisfactory. At tliu congregational nieolingexception was taken to my action tiiat, although for two years I had attended to Arr. Dods's preaching, I never impugned his orthodoxy," and took excep tion to his leaching only "at tho eleventh hour." But, Afotleraior, 1 am able to show thut my objections to Mr. Dods's teachings aro not of yesterday. (Cries ul Oh ! Oil ! ) Thero is documentary evidence to prove that two years ago, long before there was any thought of calling Mr. Dods, I held and expressed iu writing the sauio objections to bis teaching, and that I refrained from making any formal 1 charge or complaint against liim solely ou na- eouut of tho unsettled state of tlio congrega tion, and the uncertain position of its affairs. I made no secret of my dissatisfaction with Mr. Dods's teaching, aud as soon us I heard that thero was a settled purpose of culling him. I went at once to Arr. Loriuier, about nine months ago, and authorised liim to inform the board of management that. I intended, on the grounds of his teaching, to oppose Air. Dods's settlement at every stage. But 1 must refer now to some particulars in which I consider ..Air. Dods's teaching vague, . nega tive and unsatisfactory. 1. From - Mr. Dods's preaching. sin, in the seuso in which it is used in the Scriptures and in the confession, is absent, and hence tho necessity for regeneration, and the work of the Holy Spirit finds uo placo in it. Indeed, the personality of tho Holy Spirit is ignored. (Cries of Oh.) Bo far as I havo heard from Mr. Dods, wo might truly say with the Ephesians to T'uul, " Wo have not so "much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost," except; it bo iu the " Glory bo to tho Father, and to the Sou," &c.;, A.O., a formula which apparently is made to do duty for. tho declaration oi "more than ouo of our leading Christian doctrines. 2. Tlio true Deity and Divinity of our Lord aro not, so far as I have heard, distinctly and unequivocally taught by. .Mr. Dods. On tho contrary, iu Air. Doils's touching our Lord holds the same place as other great teachers, aud is classed witli such names as Moses and I'aul, Luther and Calvin, Citrlvle and Emerson. 3. From Mr. Dods's teaching, thu doctrine of tho Atonomont, as laid down iu our Standards, is olituiiiuted. anil our Lord's literal resurrection, if taught at all, is taught vaguely, unsatisfac torily and equivocally. 4. Notwithstanding the numerous passages in tits scriptures whero we are encouraged to ask iu prayer in tlio name of Christ, 1 have not, so far as I recollect, heard a prayer from AJr. Dods presented iu tho name of tlio Lord Jesus. (Groat sensation.) In a word, I feel coustrained to assert that tho whole tondoncy oi Mr. Dods's teaching is destructive and rationalistic, calculated to undermine tlio authority of Holy Scrip ture, and to obscure the Htiperuutural nud miraculous in religion. In support of these allegations, I am prepared, should tho pres bytery request, to n-ter to what I bclievo will fully bear out and justify my cstiiuato of the general scope aud .tendency of Mr. Dods's teaching. X need scarcely rciniutl tho pres bytery that every minister of our church is bonud by liis ordination vow to "assert maintain and defend" its doctrine, and that our church courts ore solemnly bound to sec to it that no minister is admitted into any of our congregations who does not preach, positively and prominoutly, tho great essen tial truths of our Christian faith, as those are, held by all Christians alike. I therefore pray tlio presbytery to sustain mv appeal, nnd to decline to settlo Mr. Dods over the congregation of tho Scots' Church. The Rev. J. Hay trusted the charges made by Dr. Alorrison against Air. Dods would be laid on the table. It was only right to both parties t hat these charges should be taken uotico of by the presbytery. The Rev. W. G. Fraser said this was no ordi nary ease. A mintster'schaiactor had been at tacked, and definite charges made against him. Professor M 'Donald : It is not fair to say that a minister's character lias been attacked. Dr. Alorrison simply objects to tho call, and was bringing his complaint before the proshytor.. . It is unfortunato that a gentleman's name has been introduced, but it is not an attack. Mr. Baillie, roierring to Dr. Atorrison's first ground of complaint, said it wns purclv a matter of opinion expressed by Dr. Morrison, aud hu did not think thero was much to re ply to. Dr.- Alorrison was only ono member of tile Scots Church, and there wero over 300 names to the call. Referring to another point, ho said that as chairman of what iu the old days wii3 called, tho board of management ho presided at most of tho meetings that took place, and from liis own knowledge ho could stato that Mr. Dods never attended any of theso meetings nulcss ho was specially asked to. do so, or ho came to uialto a special request in connection with his missions. Bui as to AH-. Dods having anything to do with tho management of the church lie (Mr. Baillie) could say that ho never had done so on any occasion when he (Mr. Baillie)- was present. He would say nothing ill regard to Dr. Morrison's, third ground of com- plkiut. They, wore simply Dr. Alorrison's own opinions. Mr. Dick and Mr. Strahan bore out tho re marks made by Mr. Baillie. Air. Strahan further stated that tho minutes rend by Dr. Morrison wero somewhat inaccu rate, for the precise time when Air. Dods came to and left tho meeting was not ' mentioned. Many times Mr. Dods was only present for a few minutes. Dr. Morrison briofly replied. Several questions were put to tho commis sioners by members of tho Presbytery, and auswored. Tho Rev. J. Hales : Dr. Morrison says he was aware of Mr. Dods's unorthodox viowa some two years ago and that ho stated so to some ouo. To whom did ho make the statement ? Dr. Morrison ; I will not mention any names in public, but will do so privately, (bries of oh," and hisses.) Tho Rev. J. Hales : You stated that vou ex pressed- dissatisfaction with the teachings of Air. Dods. To whom did you do so? Dr. Morrison i I decline to stato in public to whom. (Hisses.) A long and acrimonious discussion followed, the poiut ultimately being dropped. Tho Kov. A. Yule then proposed that a special meeting of tho' Presbytery lio held on AVednea- ilay, 10th inst., to further consider Mr. Dods's call to ticots Church. Dr. AI'Douald seconded tho proposition. _ Tho Rev. W. G. Fraser moved that they con sider the matter at tho present meeting, after the adjournment tor lunch. Tho Rev. J. Ilay seconded tho amendment Air. XL R. Reid said this postponing of tho matter would allow some of the ministers to hold more of these hole and corner meetings, " which wero 'a disgrace to tho church. (Con fusion.) Several members : Withdraw thoso words ; have tlio words taken down. Professor Al 'Donald; Whero were the hole and corner meetings which lie refers to? Mr. Reid : A number of gentlemen met at Mr. D. ti. M'Eachran's and had a caucus meet ing. The Rev. A Yule said ho thought himself justified, under the circumstances, in conierriiig with his brethren. The Rev. S. Robinson demanded tho words used by Air. Reid to be withdrawn. AH. ltoid : Do you wish me to withdraw tho words. .Moderator: Yes, certainly. Mr. Reid : Then 1 will cettaiuly do so — (ap plause)— but they are true all the'samc. (Con fusion.) The Rev. A. Yulo said that with regard to his having consulted with some brethren on the subject he must say that he did so. Ho had held meetings in connection will the Scots Church question, and had met with Mr. Ilay himsslf on tho subject. Mr. ilay : I say that is not true. Air. Yule : 1 beg to say it is. Mr. Hay : I beg to state that it is not true. (Sensation nnd great confusion.) Mr. Yule, excitedly : i.wUl say that my word is just as good as Mr. Hay's. Afr. llaj- : It is not. The meeting was thrown into tho greatest confusion, and a long conversational discussion ensued, during which high words passed, and it was ultimately decided to tako Air. llav'a words dowu, aud have them dealt with by tie presbytery. The di mission on the adjournment was then resumed, tho motion being carried, and thecon- sideratioa of the case adjourned till Wednesday. 10th March. Ttiit CAMiiKitwur.i. cttrucir. An application trom tbo Camberwell Church for a guilt from tho Home Alissiou Fund woe granted. mnancb. The Rev. M'Kenzie moved — Thai til, ti'easiucr of thu presbytery ba requested to lay a statement of accouuu on tbo table at the nest lue-'ting of the presbytery. He thought the accounts should be audited, nnd that they should -know oxactiy how ,thoy stsml. Beconded and agreed to. After tho transaction of scmo business of minor importance, the meeting discussed soxuo .private matters, aud the public withdrew CATKnsa for treading breakfasts, ball Slippers, tea meetings, satisfaction guaranteed; wedding cakes. Yias, tastem-sresde.— fAuvr.J 