NEW HOaSEOPiCOMMONS ? ; The first thing that strikes one about the, new House of Commons ; (remarks; a con-, tributor .to the 'St. James's Budget) is that it. is' startlingly !new-. in .many respects. Roughly speaking,' one-half of its members are quite new ; it is guided, for ;the present, at all events, by, a nearly new Administra tion; and.presided; over by an; almost new Speaker. 'Even ,.;the Sergeant-at- Arms is :new, so are his two lieutenants, and part of ithefabric of thenHouse, .thanks to the, dynamiters; dsmew i also, i i Jxtdged from the very limited- experience we have.so far had 'of them, the' very manners . of the : House are new; and some. bf them! are sufficiently., ribvel^tobe atlittle- surprising. ? ; It is, for instance: a now. ;wav of einressina1 at)Drovftl in the course of a debate for members to, ?olap' their han'dsi violently, , as though ;they. were in the , pit ; of i a; theatre.- , , (The effect seems' painful to old members, .used, to ;a ? difiererlt method;for some of (them shudder, j perceptibly; and look scandalised. ;It is true, that the clapping of,, hands has never been i ?wholly banished from-Barliarn.erit. , At least ionce in every session some misguided , being 'in thestrarigers'igalleryi in, the.keen.enjoy- , imerit'of ;soine pungent bit ; of rhetoric, has iheenTjetrayed into this form of exhibiting his ^satisfaction, i But the consequencesLhave iri ?Variablyproyed'disastrous, and.the offender j!too late convinced of .the.eriormity of his sin/ vas'falways .been i promptly removed j into; the outer, world/. (CTntil, however, , the, new parliament commenced its iahours,,a clap ping of (hands ,was never heard'from the floor of the House, and applause there was. strictly, confined to the mqriptonpus , and riot, partioularly.inteliigible ',' hear, hear.' A new feature in the House is tho curiously, disciplined state of the; Irish Nationalist' party^ and; in no way is this , more shown than by. the mechanical precision bf their cheers. Every one of the 86 followers of Mr. . Parnell ,is cheered through his speech..; by his . , 85 colleagues.. And they do it not only with, a. will, ,hut as though they had; been regularly drilled and ..followed some preconcerted, signal. The result is striking. , Eighty-five throats, most of. them youthful, ., and cheering in unison, .produce a much more effective, re sult than 'thejwhoie House cheeriig pri' in dividual impulse. There is;nothirig like it outside a;l?rench,theatre. j.Oneought tobe grateful to Mr. Parnell, if only for.the. ,iiri7 pressiveness. with whioh the new Parlia mentary claque works.;.; A, word, as to the new members whoihaye, so farr'taken parti in. debate. , The old .Parliamentary notions that a .member should, sit, silent for; a time I and quietly, learn; the ; ways and habits , of ' the House, (and study its - rules and laws, ; writton and,. unwritten,, and endeaTour , to ; rassimilate something of its, spirit, is quite : ,an exploded theory.nowj and the new, im-; portation, as soonj as he has signed the roll ; and!Bhaken .hands, with the! Speaker, is -orij ;thorns; until, he .has; given -the, House a ?taste of hisquality. MHe.has^perfect confi-| idence in :himself,-;great, fluency, (or wprds,i ,at all events), and'np. nervousness ati all.1 ilf at times he indulges, in, a. somewhat .old fashioned rhetoric, , or ithat dangerous ex i periment a mixed metaphor, , whore's the Jiarm t , une , honourable, gentleman, rot instance, was actually cheeredr-(let merit ; be 'given where it is due^he cheer , came from;ithe Eadicalt benches), r— when ' he solemnly informed the; House; that 'only those schools had gone to the wall which were cumbering the ;grpund and bearing ,no fruit!', l;Surely the ghost of Sir Boyle. Roche must tremble for, his reputation ! ' 