ETERNAL PUNISHMENT. TO THE EDITOR. —I am. &c;, HARRY ALFRED LONG. Glasgow, December 9, 1883. Sir— An unknown friend sent me a copy of your issue of October 31, wherein I find that a Mr. S. J. Mitchell delivered a lecture in Ade- laide on "Why I left the Church of England Pulpit for the Secular Platform," by which it appears that the doctrine of eternal punishment was his stumbling-block. Having studied theological difficulties for forty years, and being called to Australia for your coming winter, there to lecture against scepticism, may I ask the hospitality of your pages to put forth an argument or two, as we in Scotland say, thereanent? In an old book we read that God made man in His own image. Let us look at man and see whether be punishes eternally, or as near it as he can. I was living in a village in Buckinghamshire whereto there came a man who had suffered transportation in the days when that was common. In Aus- tralia he had won a fortune. He was a bachelor seeking marriage. No young lady for seven miles round would marry him, knowing that if she did she would be cut by all acquaintances. Seeing that he had satisfied the law ought not society to receive him as though he had never broken the law? Were that asked by Mr. Mitchell I should reply by saying "Certainly not," and then asking him this — " You propose giving a course of pro infidel lectures. Will you object to copartnery with one George Atea, who is a known scholar and an acknowledged orator, against whose moral standing nothing is known beyond his having done six months for hotel robbery?" On his own principles he is bound to answer affirma- tively. Say that my Buckinghamshire ex-con- vict lived seventy years after he had finished his penalty, would he be regarded by the villagers as favorably as though he had never been transported? Or put it thus: Amy Belle, a giddy beautiful girl of 17, elopes with a lieutenant of the Lancers, but the couple do not marry. She only stayed in his company a fortnight, and bitterly repented it ever since; now she is 70. Is she as welcome as though she had never strayed from virtue's paths? If, then, we all punish as long as we can, and God be eternal, and we made in His image, must He not punish eternally? With me it is axiomatic — If God punishes at all He must punish for ever. Again, if He punish He can only do so as judge or long. No father punishes. A father corrects, chastises, disciplines; and a judge punishes in the name or place of the king. Crime is against the king, sin against God. We may be sinners and not criminals. All criminality in Britain and her colonies is against Victoria, all sin in the universe ia against the King Eternal. The taint of crime makes us un- savory to loyal subjects and Her Majesty; the taint of sin makes us unwelcome to the holy and offensive to God. There is no human method of being freed from the taint of criminality ; there is divine method of freeing from sin's pollution. If the former be not doee, and it cannot be, the ex-criminal is un- welcome to his fellow-men. If the latter be not done he is excluded from Jerusalem the new and from Him that dwells therein. The two cases have one principle underlying them, and we cannot logically deny the right of God to eternally punish until we cease to act on the same principle. I have presented my dilemma on eternal pun- ishment to all shades of disbelievers or partial believers, and would like to see whether any Australian doubter can do what no British sceptic has succeeded in doing, viz., demolishing it. Assuming there is a moral governor to mankind, I present my trilemma thus: God punishes sinners either ever, never, or for a time. So far as I can see, the truth must be in one of those three propositions, so then we have but to eliminate the two erroneous lenuras, and the residuum must be truth. Let us then , thy the lemma: God punishes the sinner never. This is repugnant to the moral sense in man, and is opposed to the teachings of history, besides being directly antagonistic to the threatenings of the Bible and its narra- tire of God's dealings with men. We there- fore delete that proposition as untrue, whereby our trilemma becomes a dilemma, viz., God either punishes sinners for a, time, or ever. If for a time, there is a temporary hell, a Protestant purgatory, wherein sinners satisfy all divine requirements and are fitted for communion with God and holy angels. These, then, go to heaven through hell, which hell is equal in virtue to the pro- pitiation of the Lord Jeans Christ, and equally efficacious to sanctity as the Holy Ghost. Our Liord said:— "I am the way, no man cometh to the Father, save by me." According to this lemma, some climb up some other way. Hence Judas will meet John in the paradise of God, wherein nothing shall enter that defileth. John was brought there through the death of the incarnate God; Judas arrived there through temporary punishment. When the chorus of myriads of millions of voices uttering joy louder than Atlantic thunders saying— " Now unto Him, that loved us and washed us from our sins in His own blood," those who came by some other way must silently await until their turn comes to sing another song. But every Bible lover feels it is blasphemous nonsense to suppose that hell fits for heaven, changes our nature irom carnal to spiritual, and makes new men in Christ. Moreover, he notices that punishment never improves men here ; why should it anywhere else ? On that theory Calvary was a mistake, for men could obtain favor in the sight of the Lord without the shameful and painful death of the cross. So then we must delete the lemma: God punishes for a time, which reduced our trilemma to this true proposition — God punishes sinners (unre- pentant understood) for ever. Yet of a verity God punishes no creature save His Son, for He received the totality of His punishment on Golgotha when He said, "It is finished" — received, as it were, His punishment in a com- pleted circle, satisfaction; whereas creature punishment is an unceasing straight line, and strait too. The position of the guilty rebel in a million of eons hence will be: he is being punished, if punished hell would break up with a cheer. Jesus said, "It is finished." Neither Satan nor any Satanic one will ever be able to say, "It is finished."— I am. &c.;, &c.; 