I SIR HENRY PARKES and tfw POLITICAL , SITUATION. L? I A preliminary meeting of citizens of Sydney was held yesterday afternoon, in the MUthorpo Hotel, King street, to the purpose of supporting the efforts of Sir Henry Parkes in the present condition of political affairs There were 35 gentlemen present all of whom with the exception of Messrs Shepherd, M.L.A., and Alfred Allen, were unknown to the public Mr HAWKINS, who was voted to the chair, related to those present the circumstances which led to the insertion of the advertisement convening the meeting, which, he said, was published through a number of gentlemen with whom he was acquainted having expressed to him an opinion that the present state of political affairs in New South Wales was alarming, and very unsatisfactory There had; however, been a considerable change in the aspect of affairs since Wednesday, when the advertisement was given to the press (Hear, hear.) As the meeting was aware, there had been an attempt to form a coalition Government, which he believed would have met with unrelenting opposition horn almost every intellectual citizen in New South Wales (Ap plause ) Whether or no the advertisement calling upon the citizens to come forward and support Sir Henry Parkes in his efforts had had any effect with regard to the demolition of the coalition Government daughter was impossible for him to say but he had no doubt that if the people had been living in the days of ghost seeing the coincidence would have been regarded as most singular The meeting was initiated by several gentlemen in whose company he (Mr Hawkins) happened to be at the time the formation of a Government was under discussion, and these gentlemen remarked that if some one would insert an advertisement in the press they would do what they could to make the meeting a success. He (Mr Hawkins) was requested to undertake the duty, and as he know of no way out of the dilemma of having no secretary he attached his own name to the advertisement During the last two years the colony had been controlled by a licentious Government. He could not speak of the Gov ornament of Messrs Stuart and Dibbs in any other terms Neither could he speak of the Government of Messrs Stuart and Jennings as their than profligate If the public followed the matter still further, they would find that the necessary consequence of licentious and profligate gov eminent must be a w esk Government That weak Government had utterly failed, and it was from the rags of these licentious profligate, and debilitated Governments that pieces were to be taken in order to try and form a coalition Government Such he considered a sufficiently alarming state of affairs to rouse the attention of all who had given any study to politics (Applause ) so far as he knew Sir Henry Parkes nail no knowledge of the meeting and was not responsible for it. When the public found that Sir Henry had steadfastly argued for constitutional government during the want of a constitutional Government, and for obedience to law at a time when the law bud by a nullified and set aside by the greatest people in the country towns deserving of the most sincere support Sir Henry had been maligned by the press and misrepresented in all towns, and the present was therefore a fitting time for grateful citizens to come forward no matter how few in number, or how limited in their influence-to express their determination to encourage him in his constitutional attempt to carry on the Gov- ernment (Hear hear ) He had no doubt the time would come when Sir Henry would again take the reins of Government but however that might be the people were at the present moment in a quandary In one day after the formation of the coalition Government they were able to form another Government, and he had been informed although he could not vouch for the truth of the statement that they offered to the dearest and oldest friend of Sir Henry Parkes a place in the Ministry if he would join But that gentleman had declined to join issues in the case of any coalition Government ( Applause ) Mr. Sun IIEUD, Al L A, said that until a few minutes previously he had not intended to attend that meeting, because he thought it was one more for the citizens than for members of Parliament The meeting was only preliminary, the intention, he believed being to to initiate a monster meeting of the citizens to indicate the opinion of the citizens as to the gross way in which the country had been gov erned-(applause)-tho gross way in which the present Administration was being termed, and as a protest against the men who were defeated at the last election' taking office at the present juncture the inclusion of Mr Suttor did not purify the Government, and it was not to that gentleman's credit that he should have accepted office in the Government but he was not there to discuss the conduct of Mr Suttor Mr Garvan joining the very men whom he had previously broken up showed that he was not a man to he trusted by the country, and that all he wanted was office Mr Suttor was a man who up to last night was a bitter opponent of Sir Patrick Jennings, and such sudden backsliding did not inspire the people of the country with confidence in the two men who had been the strongest in denunciation, whose language could not be possibly stronger, whose speeches had been reported in the press, whose actions had been condemnatory of the gross fraud, the mismanagement, tho corruption-all these words were used by these two, gentlemen who were now joining the very party who had so denounced How dared they join the Government they had condemned before i the country had condemned the party to which Sir Pali sick Jennings belonged it had hurled from office Air Bndsrcrj , it had sent Air Wright about his business ; Mr. Dibbs had had to take Air - U Jones's worn out seat for Wagga Wagga Was there anyone who would stand before the electors to defend and support the past Administration, or the present one which had dragged in their principal opp ments, Mr Suttor who took no time to consider, and Mr. Garvan who was going m for the sake of office'' They' all knew what had occurred during the past three years They knew that from being a prosperous colony New South Wales was fast drifting into the Insolvency Court The public debt at the present time stood at nearly double what it was, and the money had been squandered in land syndicates and log- rolling for railways the institutions of the colony had become a by word and it was hardly any credit to be a member of Parliament by reason of the log- rolling Av as the new Government to be carried on simply because Air Suttor liked to fall from the honourable position he previously occupied in the country? Was it to do t carried on because Mr Garran had deserted his principles i And worst of all, would the people sanction this device and turkey for the purpose of keeping the men out of power who had served the country for years with honour to himself and of credit to the country ? (Applause) The name of Parkes was known over the whole world as that of a states- man , but now they w are getting a number of men into Parliament who were most anxious to jump into office, but who were no more fit for other than he (Mr Shepherd) was fit to be Archbishop of Canterbury He contended that the men who sought office ought to possess experienced minds and long years of tracing But did any of the Ministry come up to that standard ? He concluded by, moving a resolution to the following effect I That this meeting expresses its entire confidence in Sir Henry Parkes as a person in its opinion most competent to extricate the country from its duties utters, a fact under ited by his successful administration of the affairs of the country in former years " (Applause.) Mr. DAVIDSON (Mayor of Leichhardt) said that he thought Sir Henry Parkes was the only man able to extricate the country from its present difficulties (Ap clause ) In season and out of Benson Sir Hem y 'Parkes had been denounced by the press but the day was coming when he press would turn round and applaud him for his statesmanship (Applause ) They found the very men who ought to be the bosom of nonda of air Henry Parkes Mr Suttor and Dr Renwick entering the new Ministry and they ought to be shouted by the electors He considered that the present Government with Sir Patrick Jennings of its head Mr Dibbs as Colonial Secretary, and Mr A unt as Attorney-General, was nothing better than the Dibbs Government ov * again. He trusted that every gentleman present would do his utmost to bring about a huge meeting, and also hoped that when the members of the new Ministry went before their constituencies for re-election, every one of them would be sent to the right-about face (applause) and that Sir Henry Parkes would have at last what was due to him be brought back to power Applause AMicn Mr Henry Parkes went out of office he left the Gov el Parents largo ei credit balance but now the country was almost ruined However, the colony was a good one, but if they had the same men again in office, it would become worse off than New Zealand or South Australia (Applause ) He seconded the resolution Mr W H L BAILEY supported the motion "Years of experience of Sir Henry Parkes convinced him that he was the only incapable of extricating the country from its present difficulties The country was in f a our of that gentleman taking office, and it was only an unfair bias on the part of his opponents that was keeping him in the background If a dissolution had been granted and it would have been the best thing in the circumstances not one of the men opposed to Sir Hem v Parkes would have gone back to Parliament If Sir Henry Parkes went into power his y tiles would be extolled by the bitter presses it was now opposed to him Sir Henry had been deservedly cen- sured on many occasions but in the aggregate he had done good service to the country, and made it one of the brightest portions of her Majesty's dominions He had given the country a good name in England, and no Government had given it monotony so grand a position They must not think of private pique now, but binds the present position and the future of the colony They must secure honest representation, and restore Sir Henry Parkes to power If the electors of the city and suburbs were appealed to, he was sure they would strive to place the hon gentleman in the most exalted political position a man could hold here Mr J BRAIVWOOD also supported the motion, and contended that they must not permit Mr Dibbs to obtain a position in which he could again hung rum on the country or four years they had suffered the dished up stages of being misgoverned the country had not prospered during that term, and fair Alexander Stuart and Mr Dalley had done things that no other Government would have dared to do He regarded Sir Henry Parkes as the only man fitted to hold the reins of Government here Mr ALFRED ALLEN said that he had always fought side by side with Sir Henry Parkes He knew that gentleman had failings but they should remember that few men had not failings the country was languishing, however, and Sir Henry Parkes was the man for the occasion The country in its present condition reminded him of a patient; who was very unwell indeed. The patient sent for a number of physicians. and each one made her worse., An old physician was sent for, but he was decided by the other physicians as being incapable of doing the patient any good. She, however, said,-" I know the old man. What- ever his faults might be he knows my complaint very well, and if you will give him an opportunity of prescribing for mo will miss me from my bed." Sir Henry Parkes was a wonderful man, and a weak man, but at the same time he was a born statesman, and was head and shoulders above all other men in the colony. They said he wanted watching, and he (Mr. Allan) believed he did, and henoverkni'W a man who did not want watching, and surely the men who had now taken office wanted watching. (Hear, hear.) Such a large amount of humbug and chicanery never existed in Parliament before. Members said "Do not dissolve under any' circumstances ; let us amalgamate and keep in the House as long us we are able." The country was getting tired of that sort of thing, and it knew that it could not go ahead so long as the present political thimblcrigpors were in power. It would never rest until it had abolished corruption no matter in what form it appeared. All credit was due to the country for rising en masse and putting down the robbers that" were in the late Parliament. If such jobs were attempted again they would again rise en masse, and they would make men for the occasion, and force them into action. He was thankful that the people were rising in this matter, and intended that Sir Henry Parkes should have fair play. Whatever Sir Henry Parkes had been indoors and out of doors, he was not going to hold him up as an example, but he maintained that his opponents were not extending fair play to him. Sir Henry Parkes would not allow himself to be got at. From the time the hon, gentleman turned tops in Hunter-street up to the present, he had never heard anyone say' that he and done an immoral political act. (Hear, hear.) If he was not sound now they would make him so. The country wanted a statesman, and at the present juncture Sir Henry Parkes was the only man who could raise it from its difficulties. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. JOHN CAMERON considered " it high time that the citizens of Sydney rose to show their representatives that they did not approve of what was at present going on in the Legislative Assembly and what was likely to go on in the future. After a daily repetition of such proceedings as had lately been witnessed in Parliament the public should assert their position in the land and demand the right to speak. (Hear, hear.) He then moved,-" That this meeting believes that a public meeting should be held to give expression to the feelings of the citizens." He need not say anything to commend the i solution to the meeting, because from the acclamations bestowed upon the various speakers it was very evident that all present were fully in accord with it. He was anxious that a monster meeting should take place before the present Ministers appealed to their constituents. He would like them to go to the country and meet there the opinions of the people of Sydney with regard to them and he considered it only just that the country constituencies should be made aware of the opinion of the people of Sydney who had better opportunities of carefully watching and becoming acquainted with the members. The resolution was seconded by Mr. BURNS, and carried unanimously;. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. HARGREAVES, "That this meeting form itself into a committee, with power to add to its number, to carry out the wishes of those present, with regard to holding a monster meeting." Mr. Hawkins was appointed secretary-. 