The Mary liiver. (By Our special Reporter). The district around Tiaro, botb in its agricultural and grazing aspects, may be said on tbe whole to be flourishing, although with regard to the rather rough nttentiousofPluvius, tbe farmer is crying: ' Hold, euough !' The maize crop has up to the present every appearance of beiug a success if the caterpillars will Olliy give IL u lau uunutc, very numerous this year owing to the absence of frost during tbe earlier part of the season, when a great quantity of larviu are usually killed by the cold. There is a line crop of oats along the river bank, which, \\\ hen converted into iiuv and chall', will uo doubt fetch their full value. Lucerne looks very nourish ing ; it seems to give quite a character to the farm witli its beautiful dark greeu foliage. It is a wonder that there is not more planted, as it requires much less cultivation than other produce, aud is generally in good demaud when mixed with oaten hay aud converted iuto chaff. It is feared tliat there will uot be a full crop of potatoes this season, as the raiu came at a bad time when most of them were planted, and caused a great many to rot in tbe ground. There is also bad uews about the fruit trees, which this year threaten to be almost a failure, ou account, ofthe prevalauce ofthe boring grub and tbecaterpillarsabovementioned. The ground has been very difficult to cultivate by reason of tbe heavy rains and extremely hot sun, which, combiued, have had tbe'etlect of hardening tbe soil where it was at all clayey to such an ex tent that oue farmer asserts that he bad to plough a patch of ground uo less thau three times, and even uow it will require a considerable amount of labour before it is ready to receive a crop. During the past week as seems to have been the case iu ail other parts of the district, enor mous flights of black aud yellow butteflies have been seen, aud their presence will 110 doubt be felt later 011 when that all devouring pest, tbe grub, makes its ap pearance. It has been noticed by several that these insects were unanimously wending their flight eastward, whether tbey have auy definite object in view, or have merely formed the inteutiou of spending their Christmas at the seaside is simply a matter of opinion. On the banks of tbe Mary River, about, oue mile from Owanyilla, there is appar ently a good seam of coal. A shaft has beeu sunk 21 fathoms, which was found to pass through gravel wash, sandstone, fireclay, aud black shale or blaze, with sundry seams of ironstone. Oue seam of coal near to the bottom is about 15 incurs thick, and another about 20 inches thick with i feet of really good fireclay. The shaft lias beeu sunk at a distance of about 301) feet from the outcrop, which is visible 011 the bank of the river, where the coal is about 31 feet thick, aud to all appearances is of a friable or brittle na ture, much resembling that found at the Burrum. The coal found iu the shaft, however, has a tendency to become more compact and solid, and no doubt as a greater depth of shaft is attained, a good marketable coal will be found which will compare favorably with that obtained iu Newcastle. This, together with the fact of its proximity to tbe river aud railway, which offer easy means of trans port, should encourage those who are in terested iu it to develop what may ulti mately turu out to be a very valuable discovery. While on the subject of miuerals it may be as well to mention a few facts relating to Mr. Draiu's plumbago rniue, situated 011 Mount Bauple. Ou tbe western side of a main spur of this mountain a lode of plumbago has beeu laid nare ; it is about 5 fathoms iu width with occasional nar row veins of rotten clay, slate beiug in termixed therewith. The underlay of tbe lode is about 45 degrees, aud runs about a point and a half to the east of north. This lode would yield an almost unlimited supply of pluirbago, as the backs of the lode are to be traced for 100 fathoms, the hill rising at the back at least 1 in 4. To tbe south of this lode there are also several outcrops fully as promising as tbe oue that has been worked. Parcels of tbe ore have been seut home so that its intrinsic worth as a marketable commodity may he deter mined. About 26 miles from Tiaro 011 the road to Cootharaba, the township of Neardie is situated. After leaving the first named place, Tahiti, the station of Mr. Stringer is passed about six miles on the road ; further on, about 3 miles, the sugar plan tation of Mr. M'Kellar comes into view ; the cane is growing on the side of a ridge from which the scrub has been cleared, aud looks very healthy. The owner's house occupies a prominent position and overlooks tbe plantation. Shortly after leaving this a fable laud about 3 miles long is traversed, which forms the only good bit of road for buggies, that is to be found between Tiaro and Neardie. After crossing Ration Creek the next place to be passed is Deveron Station, owned by Mr. Gordon. Tbe country around appeared (well grassed and wa tered ; tbe homestead is sheltered by a steep stony ridge rising at the back, from which a fine view of the surrounding country can be obtained. Two miles from here is the old Neardie station which the road passes through, theu 8 miles over rough stony country aud a belt of saudy wallum and the township of Neardie is reached. Neardie, like an cient Rome, abounds in hill, in fact is all rise and fall. A bi-weekly mail furnishes it in common with the other places be tween Tiaro and Cootharaba, wilb news of the outside world, which, judging by the size of the mailmau's swag, is by no meaus inconsiderable. A diminutive post-office at present proportioned to the size of the place, aud presided over by Mr. Ostwald welcomes the coming and speeds the parting mailman. About a quarter of a mile from here on tbe road to the mine, is the school house, under the superintendence of Miss Huston, who imparts knowledge to the youth of Neardie, of whom there are about 30 at tending ; this is likewise tbe place where from time to time Diviue Service is held and whither the inhabitants assemble regardless of the denomination of the preacher. Efforts are being made to se cure the regular services of a minister to supply the religious needs of the people, as heretofore nothing definite has been arranged. Mr. SVhite 'keeps a store, ami thus supplies many of the necessaries and a Tew of the luxuries of life. This, together with a public-house, at present in embryo, but which isinteuded to open shortly, includes all of what may be torn' '! the public institutions of the p'ai e. The names of the streets are called af'er those who have been connected with the place, such as Griffith, M'llwraith, Power, King. Bull ; 'twas ever thus, or as Ibe Psalmist remarks— ' They call. tbe plains after their own names, ' ' -fce. People are much the same now as they were theu, it seems. Tho township was put up for sale at a time when there were no likely buyers ; now, however, it is stated ou very good authority, that a few are most anxious to buy iu the event of its beiug offered to tbe public. Mr. George Power, who oc cupies the respective positions of trustee ofthe place and managing director, of tbe antimony mine, is one of the oldest residents, and is the lucky possessor of nearly '000 acres of freehold, which, as the place is developed; will be a valuable property. The soil for the most part is a beautiful chocolate' of voloanic origin, aud judging from the luxuriant growth of maize, orange trees, &c.;, .is very pro lific. Mr. Power has two acres of garden , under perfect cultivation, which, in time, | will amply repay him for all the labor | and trouble expended on it. The num ber of cattle on bis run is about 1500 . head. Some of the other residents are Mr. Walsh, with 1000 acres, aud Messrs. - Richardson Brothers, each with about 040 acres. Mr. David Power, brother to the J.P., owns what is to be the 'Near- die Hotel,' which, when opeued, will prove a boon to visitors, directors, travel lers, ct hoc omiw g-nun. Till theu, the casual visitor who doesn't altogether des pise alcohol would find be js a trifle pre mature. This assertion is made under the dlstiuct impression that the water loving Moses is safe in Melbourne, so the writer feels comparatively safe. Ahout half a mile from the surveyed township, and after passing the miuers' camp the antimony mine has beeu sunk and is uow in operation. Autimony is a metal bluish white in color, aud of a scaly or foliated texture. Amongst some of the articles of commer cial value produced, or partly so, there from are, Britannia metal, printing type, tartar emttic, condition powders, and I various chemicals useful in a medicinal point of view. Tbe modus operandi is as follows : — After the ore has been deli vered ou tbe surface it passes out of trucks through a screen ; thebmaller par ticles are then jigged or oscillated iu per forated boxes under water in order to se parate the metal from the dirt ; the larger pieces are picked aud are then ready for tbe furnace. The metal after coming in a molten state from the fur nace is termed sulphate of autimony, and differs very little in appearance from the crude ore. Oxide of antimony is produced by meaus of the vapours or gases arising from the furnace whilst the ore is reduced to a molten Btate. These passing into flues of curious construction are re duced into a vitrified substauce (to use a technical term) which adheres to the flues much iu the same mauuer as soot is formed. This is oxide of anti mony and is iu appearance something likepumice stone only very much heavier. The flues are 800 feet long, and terminate in a chimney stacs about 50 feet high. They are so constructed as to ensure the least possible waste in its production, and are made of bricks mauufactured on tbe place. The water uow going to waste from tbe tuiue is to be utilised by beiug carried iuto the shed where a large tank will be erected. There are to be also two sluice boxes for the purpose of cleaning the ' mullock,' or dirt coming from the jiggers, and which heretofore has uot beeu used ; the reasou of this is that the sluicy material is carried into the flues where it forms a kind of soot, and thus deteriorates the quality ot the oxide. Sundry improvements to preveut waste and ensure greater excellence iu the working of this mineral, such as the above, will be made from time to time as the necessity for doing so arises. Through the courtesy of Mr. Power, tbe writer was enabled to descend tbe mine, which, when accompanied by Mr. O'Donuell, the manager, as guide and teacher, is very interesting. There is some rough climbiug to be gone through, and sundry are tbe cautions to bold on tight, or to look out for projecting rocks when pro ceeding along on all fours. Some of the lodes run out, and have of course to be persisteutly followed ; iu fact, the freaks of nature are many and various, and it often requires a lot of calculation and labour to cope with tbein, There is a very curious and beautiful fungus to be seen growing from some of tbe beams iu the mine ; it is like the finest eider down. It would be almost impossible, however, to take a specimen away, as the mere fact of touching it causes it to shrink to almost nothing aud destroy its beauty. There is very good ventilation which is one of the main things, aud for tbat reason most of tbe men looked fairly healthy, although rather bleached from being continually underground. There are seven levels, the longest of which is 400ft., tbe deepest is about 500ft. from the surface. In tbe 336ft. level there is a crosscut put in 20ft. from starting. A lode which is called No. 2 Shoot, was cut, which tbey are uow following, its width is 9in. at present, but from all appearances it is supposed tbat it will eventually turn out to be over 2ft. wide. Forty feet below the 256ft. level the big shoot or lode was lost; a crosscut has beeu put iu 14ft., with tbe result that at 10ft. from starting a leader was cut greatly resembling the lode which was lost, tbis they are now driving south on to tbe old winze, where a lode averaging 9 inches is showing, which judging from all appear ances will ultimately turu out to be the old sboot. A winze is now being sunk from the 256 to the 336ft. level on No. 2 Shoot. At 115ft. level about 12ft. from the Bhaft there is a nice lode of pure ore averaging about 7 inches. 50ft. above tbis level on No. 2 Shoot, there is also a good looking lode showing about 1ft. wide, so tbat from every indication there is very little fear of this valuable mineral run ning out in auy other sense thau from the furnace. Tbeengine, which is located in a substantial shed, is a 12 h.-p., by Ruston, Proctor and Co., aud looked in tbe pink of condition. Assays have been taken at various times, and show nearly loz. of gold to tbe ton of quartz tbat is mixed with antimony. Tne antimony itself shows about 2ioz. of gold. It is in tended if more capital is forthcoming to seud tbe antimouy away iu a more re fined state, wheu uo doubt haudsome returns will be realised. Antimony is a mineral the knowledge ot which is very limited, which thus accounts for tbe in numerable difficulties those connected with the mine have bad to couteud against, but as more is known, greater results will be achieved in the not far distant future. ? A C.VKI). — To all who are suffering t'om the I errors and indiscretions of y mill, nervous weak ness, early decay, losi of maibood, 4c., I will an1! a recipe that will core yont free of charge. This great remedy was discovered by n mission ary in South America Send a *elf-adilrcssed envelope and Hxpcnce to prepay poslago to the Ui'v. Joseph T. Iam.io, Station D, New York OitT. U.8 A . GHOSTS. — An attempt is being made in t'e old country to revive ibe belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill Rome of the journal'. The sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghobt : ' How do [ know that you are not a hit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a hi; of ' heavy' bred is the most potent. It is a won 'icr, therefore, that people do not adopt tho -□rest epell against ghosts by using Korwick's t-old Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghoBts,' it will laisc bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, aod ? fry good hnunflwine buys it. AUVICK to MothkhsI— Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cuttingteeth 1 Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of ilns. Winslow's Soothiko Sybcp. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little chcrub awakes 'as bright as a button,' It sotheB the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, 1 Jieves wind, regulates the bowelB, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrtna, whether arising from teething or other reuses, lira. Winslow's Soothing Syrup ' 5 sol', by Medicine dealers everywhere at le 1 lid. per out. lu, 