ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. LUNATIC LYRICS. SECOND SEBIES. No. 13. THE CRONE OF CR&NFORD; CHASE. BY MIRCH HARE. 'Twonldmabe the boldest hold Jus breath. And e en the stoutest courage flag. To meet upon a blasted heath An awesome witch or hateful hag. iet often timid maids and meek. With faltering feet and blanching face, At dusky twilight hoar would seek The crooked done of Cranford Chase.1 With high-hooked nose and parchment akin. And wrinkled Hps o'er toothless gums, A long, sharp-pointed, horn-like chin. And on each hand two boney thumbs. With ronnd, bent back, and nodding bead, And bold black eyes that baleful shone, And wizened hands that claw-like spread, There true to life yon have the Crone. One autumn eve across the moor, To read the secret book of Fate, There came unto the Crone's low door. The young and lovely Lady Kate. " Mow tell me. Crone, whom I shall wed." The Crone the maiden's face regards, Then grimly grins and wags her head, And " cuts" her thumb-soiled pick of cards. I see a man, tall, stout, and dark," .. 3" 1 "? 8tlma the crooked Crone began, He holds a wedding-ring—and, hark S He is an E—thi—o—pi—an!" The lady Kate gave several screams. And fled in wad disorder home; But ever after in her dreams That ebon negro lace woull come. A year went by; from Airic's shore There came a noble native Prince; Kane such had England seen before, Scores such has England welcomed since. Bis name was Caesar—so they told; He met at dinner Lidy Kate, And like the-one in days of old, Be came, he saw, he conquered straight. "I love thee, oh, my Prince, 'tis true, But I can ne'er be thine, alack! The blood within my veins is blue— Blue blood can never wed with black. If thou coold'st only change thy skin !— And surely there should b« some plan— If thou thy lady's hand would'st win. Do it, oh, E-thi-o-pi-an!" The negro prince with anxious haste Next morning sought the croaked Crone,. A belt of gold around his waist, As fee for what he wanted done. ** Can the Ethiopian change his skin f Replied the Crone, " Of "course he can ; Wale in, great Cecsar, pray walk in, I'll hleach you, E-thi-o-pi-an!" She boiled him in her cauldron vast, first swathing him in tinctured lint, And when some three brief hours were past. He turned a sweet Albino tint. And see him now, a white-washed man, To Lady Kate exultant go, No more an E-thi-o-pi- an— Transformed into an Al-bi-no. "*• Avannt, avaunt!" cried Lady Kate, " Thou pallid prince, thou ghastly ghost. A-vaunt, go take thy passage straight, And get thee back to Af ric's coast. Thy hueless skin like haU-cooked cake Doth ill with negroid features go. Turn black again, for Heaven's sake! I cannot wed an Al-bi-no!" "Gosh, lil' gal, you'm hard to please; Me wash am, bile 'am, change 'am skin, Cfesar don' like 'nm tlicks like dese, To tell'm go wash 'tun black agin. Cieear all same white gennlemon now; Can't nebber turn black no more, lil' giL Come 'long, Miss Kate, don' make such row; Here, take 'am, dis dimon' 'a pearl fal-lal." " Too late, too late, it cannot be !" The Crone's harsh, jarring lauph was heard. " He has -changed his skin, he's white, you see, So wed the man and keep your word." And the lady Kate said—" Have your way. Though I ne'er can love your par-boiled face." And their piebald progeny often play Bound the crooked Urone of Ctanford Chase. A Chinese cook was employed some time ago to proceed to a sheep station in the North. On John's arrival at the scene of his labours he found that in addition to cooking he was snpposed to milk the cows, feed the calves and pigs, and do several jobs -quite oat of bis line, and was utterly bewildered, bong afraid to go within 20 feet of a cow, and positively could not do the work. So he went to his employer complaining that he no savee makee milk the cow and feedee pis, adding that if he liked he would cook 'em all if Engliseeman first time kill 'em, bat as he no 'gage to do any more than cookee he was not going to let the cow cookee him with her .foot, bat if the boss would engage another cook he was willing to engage as housemaid. Scene, np-conntiy store; enter, Native. Storekeeper—"Well, Billy, what do you want f " Native—Me not Billy, me Jack- theiiar." Storekeeper—'"Well, that is not a name to be proud of, I'd rather be called Billy." Native—"No fear me that wot they call Biilygoat," Storekeeper—" Well, Jack, what is your business." Jack—" Oh, I am a coltbreaker." Storekeeper—" You don't understand me. I mean, what do yon want." Jack (with a grin)—"I want a bottle of wine." Storekeeper—" Oh, I can't sell you wine." Jack—"Dash it all, then, can't ye sell ns a box o* Inciters for two bob and let us smuggle a bottle ot wine." Storekeeper— •* No, no; this is not a sly grog-shop. Clear out." Jack cleared. 