Sydney Notes. (FROM OUR COOREEPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Saturday. Smt Hrx?u PanrEs has again spoken, but although he way in Mr. Abigail's own locality of Leiehbardt, he does not appear to have had a very enthusiastic reception. Poor Sir Henry, even his own paper, the D. T., only gives him a third of a column, much of the hon. gentleman's speech on this occasion being taken up with the recent address of Mr. Want at Gundagai. After Parkes had had his say Mr. abigail " dug down a piece," and votes or thanks were then accorded to both speakers. They were followed by those shining parliamentary lights, Messrs. Haw thorne and Sidney Smith, who hardly got a bearing at all. The fact Is these rabid Opposition speeches are about played out. It is said Sir Henry has been quite sick since his return from Tamworth-not only sick, but thoroughly disgusted, especially with the people of Maitland for not meet ing him with flags, banners, and bands at the station. Hence his refusal to speak at that place. There is only to be one more sitting of the City Council this year. His Worship the Mayor took the oppor tunity yestxeday of reading a farewell minute to the aldermen, dealing with certain charges brought against him during his year of mayoralty.' These he deals with very satisfactorily, no doubt, 'in his own mind, but I don't think he will succeed in convincing either the aldermen or the ratepayers that the rates have not been squan dered during his term of office. The town clerk yesterday came in for a few raps on the subject of his salary of £800 a year being re-voted. It was stated that during the year his attend ance had been very limited, and it was suggested that he° ought to resign. This, it is said, Mr. Woolcott intends doing after his service of over 40 years. In all probability his successor will be a barrister, with a very much larger salary than £800. Indeed £1500 is the amount men tioned. Truly there has been a clearing out of officials lately from the Town Hall by death and otherwise. It's. a great pity thelraiepayers at the late election did not also clear out a few of the fossilised " conservative " old aldermen. A great deal of correspondence is appearing in print on the subject of the loss of coasting steamers, and some of the suggestions made ought most un doubtedly to be carried out and be. come the law of the land. The en quiry now proceeding only deals with the cause of the collision and throws no light on the conduct of passengers and crew afterwards, So far as it has gone, however, it shows the most gross negligence on the part of some one or other connected with both steamers. It is to be hoped that the Government will grant a Royal Commission of en quiry, into the whole facts of the dis aster, both before and after, and the public will be satisfied with nothing less. Some most peculiar disclosures came out at the Supreme Court in n case of alleged violation of the Con stitution Act, in which Mr. William C. Proctor, M.L.A., figured as defendant. The plaintiff, one David Proudfoot sought to recover from the defendant the statutory penalty of £500 on the ground that defendant had sat and voted in Parliament while he was interested in the Government contract for the construction of section 8 of the Illawarra Railway. In the House Mr. Prootor poses as an oppositionist, and his leading counsel is Mr. Foster, Q.C., M.L.A., and a leading member of the same side of the House. The disclosures made were of a most extraordinary character and show how even Opposition members can do things which if done by members on the other side of the House would call forth the most scathing attacks from the Parkes Foster- Abigail party. His Honor the Judge yesterday ex pressed his astonishment at a member of Parliament entering into a guarantee on behalf of a person who had got work from Government, and should actually receive payment from the contractor for such guarantee, and deal with the Commissioner of Railways and Engi neer-in-Chief, servants of the Govern ment, for the purpose of getting more money for the contractors than they were entitled to. Mr. Foster, however, advanced the extraordinary theory that in order to constitute an offence against the Act the person must be a contrac. tor. Has Honor interjected, "Not at all. It is sufficient if there is an in direct benefit." The position taken up by Mr. Foster is surely an extraordinary one, and would certainly not have been advanced had the hon, gentleman been' in his place in the Assembly, and a charge of the same kind been brought against one of the Government party. This afternoon judgment was given in favour of the plaintiff, with costs. Cardinal Moran having made his charges against the Minister of Educa tion on the subject of prosely tism in the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, and in Goodlet's Home, Dr. Renwick and Mr. Goodlet replied. In a speech of denial made by the Minister for Education a day or two ago that gentleman says he shall not again return to the subject. The money is being returned to the subscribers of the Patriotic Fund. About £85,000 has to be handed back to the subscribers. All claim their money. Payment commenced yester terday, when there were 36 applicants, and cheques were paid to the amount of £3677 18s. 11i. There will un doubtedly be some hind of a surplus, for some subscribers are certain not to apply for their money back. SIf so, to what better purpose could it be devoted than to the Keilawarra fund ? By the wny, many of the subscribers and the public generally are much agitated by the grant of £150 to the "honorary" secretary of the Lyoenmoon Fund. They truly say that the money was never subscribed with any intention of having a lump sum of £150 chopped off for this 'honorary " secretary. But as he has gob and cashld the cbheqi it is not likely that the cash will be returned. In the meantime certain of the subscribers talk anbut taking logal' action in the matter with a view of getting the "honorary" secretary to disgorge the amount, or else hold the committee who voted it responsible. The action of the colliery proprietors is a distinct challenge to the various trades unions in the colony. They will consent to nothing but absolute submisiion-scorn mediation, arbitra. tion, or conciiiation. Under these circumstances there is a poor look-out ahead of the miners for the Christmas and New Year's holidays. In all prob ability there will be a general exodus shortly from the district, and it will be the duty of the trades unions to support their evicted comrades and to take such steps as will in the end, have the effect of bringing the master to their senses. Such downright tyranny has never before been known in'connection with New South Wales mining, and it is to be hoped the unions will resent it as one man. But after all it should not be such a great hardship. for men to be out of work in these scientific days, for has not news come to hand to us that an Italian has lived for fifty days on filtered water ? After this what shall be said about the " Carrington Relief Hotel," and the soup kitchen for the unemployed. Dr. Tanner in America only " went" for forty days on water,. but this Italian chap has " gone" ten better. Possibly, with the progress of science, we shall be able live on water altogether. Some people do that already -water with a " stick" in it. There ;ý, is only one drawbvck however. Al though Doctor Tanner lived, for forty days on water-if it could be oalled livin,--he gave up the ghost not long afterwards, and it's extremely likely that his Italian imitator may in this respect also follow his example. 