" Civil " Wai*. ' y z"k '-' WE have heard much of late respecting- tho Bulgarian troubles, whereat some of the Great Powers ure greatly exercised in mind over a small strip of country, .which Russia would like to annex had she tho power, but as other nations threaten to let loose the dogs of war, she ponders seriously before taking the divisive s tep .j arid while; somewhat amused at the* vagaries ¿íid' anxieties of ttiè European Powers over the annexation of kingdoms, àtid tho . muititanauce , of .' the balance of power, it has perhaps novar struck many that Australians are rapidly approach- ingthe .same state of things, even in this remote portioii' of: Her 'Majesty'sDominions, and that if malters g° on,aa they, have done during the past week, it will .be necessary for tho local papers to add a " war corres- pondent " to their staff, and as fighting here is carried on upon' diflferpnt/tactica to j that of the disciplined 'forces' of "Europe, 'it 'will be nece^ssar.y for. ¡ojie,said .j>er8onage, , to. enclose himself in chum "lightning'or steel nrmoiit, in" order to take notes of passing events, although^; pf Foy^Ç^P^s^raen imthese, 08 ín other exqitements or amusements aro sup- posed'to Tja let off with' a''''froe "-ticket, ^.s stated in oui- last issue* it: appears a great pity that in this so-called enlightened age, with a'free"' Press" arid expression of opinion ripon religious, social,, and public matters, that, people in Australia can be found de airbus bf removing the somewhat exploded mysteries of the feudal ages in Europe, when knights sallied forth from castle walls in search of action and adventuie, and the only refuge for suffering humanity and learning was'to be found in.the Monastic Institutions, now a thing of the past, in Protestant coun- tries. Hero alas, everything is new, as we have no frowning 'castles ' ol' gloomy dun- geons, and the smiles of fair ladies are not won by jousts in the battle field or glittering tournament,-while owing to the.Rightness and sunshine pf tbe(Austrnlian climate, even "fghoslf stories " Have lost half their terror. And yet wo think there is a' ghost or skeleton after all,, in ¡our midst, in tho sectarian and religious cry now heard, which rears fte, head on too rnuny, public and . private occasion's, and is held "tip like a " bogey " "byf. those :of little .faith in the powers' pf the Press, ¿brbf tho free-thinking sensible, 'people ~ pf: the' world as they now are. As we ? have *e jpcatedly, stated in our col um ns, in Australia, we aro free agents, and if a mun or woman is imbued-with acortain belief as to tho welfare of. Protestantism they are free to entertain it [ so long as they dd not offend the feelings of others ; while, at tho same time, our Catholic friends' having certain opinions respecting I their religious creed should have them equally respected; and in thia way (as stated in our last), we think our Protestant friends were wrong in making such a paradé bf 'the.'sensa- tional lectures lately delivered here, while at the same time, we think the Catholics were wrong in taking notice of them, for the ßimple reason that they, could refute any mis-state- ments made, or show by their lives that the 'statements were;'not 'founded upon" facts, while persons having any knowledge of the world would take the philippics levelled against our Catholic neighbors for what they are worth. We are sorry to see these sec- tarian differences aroused, as they are a great source of trouble, the wide world over ; but while we deprecate the actions of those who have brought about the ' present unhappy state of things, we think that the much talked of lecture on Wednesday next should be allowed to be jgiven, without interference on eithw-sideV ami wo hear that a proposition baa beenj niade that the proceeds thereof being devoted to the Hospital, so all classes and creeds might meet upon a common glound. Of cborse there are spine' amongst 'us ' who would like tb seo a " free fight " 'as thVy term it, but as these sort of things cannot be pre- vented from, going ¡ top, far, »nd as there . might (be,losa. of life^and t,he consequent .bad i feeling and misery engendered would retard' the progress of the, district for years (aa át; Belfast lately), we hope .that both parties will bear/arid forbear upon a matter which. ean be easily, settled by mutual concessions ; aud which after all is but' of ' little ' importance in tho ey« ,of, ,cosmopolitan, Australiana-whe care but líttle'Jbow 1 people " worship their 