THE HEEE OE BOSSMOYNE. By Mbs. E. Bdeke Coilins. " And this is your final decision, Miss Granger ?" Estelle Granger's fair face flushed im patiently, and she bent her golden head to bidd her annoyance as she made answer: "It is final, irrevocable—quite so, Captain Clavering. With yonr—ah, lack of wealth— you have seemed to me somewhat presuming, fancy me in the role of a poor man's wife! And you are only a captain in the regular army and witliout fortune." He lifted his handsome dark head with a haughty gesture. "Tour argument is decisive, Miss Granger," he returned coldly. " You may spare me a repetition of your various reasons for reject ing me. . But have I ever told jou that 1 am without fortune ?" Her great blue eyes dilated with a look of almost fear. Great heaven ! what if she had made Bome mistake, an egregious blunder P And Leonard Clavering was handsome, refined, noble, and manly; there was nothing to object to save that she had always thought him to be poor. . She flashed about, contritely now, and ex tended her hand. " Really, Captain Clavering," she stam mered, " I only formed my conclusions from general opinion. You cannot blame me surely." He smiled coldly, scornfully. " Blame you ? No!" he retorted freezingly. " You are only acting according to the prin ciples in which you have been reared. I owe a thousand thanks for your rejection, since it has opened my eyes to your true nature. The woman whom I wed shall love me for myself alone or I will go to my grave unwedded. I leave here on the first train, Miss Granger. My visit to this seaside resort has ■ been a very pleasant one. I have to thank you for much of its pleasure, and," with a low bow, " the lesson I have learned." He touched the white hand with his own for an instant in the briefest and coolest of farewells ; the door of the pretty reoeption room opened and closed, and Captain Leonard Clavering, U.S. A, was a memory of the past to Estelle Granger. But the spoiled beauty stood gazing after the tali, soldierly figure with eyes full of regret and—tears! " I love him !" she whispered softly to her self, " and if I had known that he was not poor I would have accepted him! But mamma warned me that he was quite ineli gible ! And £he has set her heart upon my captivating the rich Mr. Boss, of Bossmoyne, the finest estate in Louisiana! I have never met him, but he will soon be here, and rumor says that he is coming to seek a bride! This Mississippi watering-place is famous as a summer resort for the most beautiful women of the South ; and I flatter myself that I can hold my own with the best of them. Let Captain Clavering go!" she went on with a wilful pout, " I shall be satisfied with no less a prize than the owner of Rossmoyne!" She trailed her white draperies—a mass of fleecy lawn and delicate laces—from the room, and sought the congenial society of her mother, a mercenary woman whose sole aim in existence was to secure a brilliant match lor Estelle. Angry, humiliated, with 6Corn in his heart for all womankind, Leonard Clavering strode from the hotel where this interview had taken place, and went down to the beach. He wanted to be a lone for a time to think over the situation ; then he would pack his wardrobe, and the pebbly shores of Pass Christian would known him no more. Drawing his hat down over his eyes, he turned to the most unfrequented part of the beach and hurried ouward. All at once, in a lonely nook, he came to a halt as his eyes came upon an unexpected scene. A slip of a girl—a fragile little creature of not more than fifteen—with great dark eyes in strange contrast to the tawny mane of red gold hair which streamed over her shoulders. A girl with a face full of possibilities, but in her eyes a wild despair, as believing herself to be alone in this forgotten corner, she crouched at the foot of a great oak tree, her hat on the sand at her feet, sobbing bitterly. " Nobody cares for me!" the sweet young voice was saying. " Mamma loves no one but Estelle! And I am always forgotten and filone and miserable ! Only this morning I ventured to kiss mamma, and she reproved me, and pushed me away from her, for fear I would rumple her morning-dress ; and she called me an ugly child, and said I was a dis grace to the family! Oh, if it wouldn't be wicked, X would wish to die!" Captain Leonard Clavering, standing not five feet distant, overheard the entire soliloquy, and the moody look deepened in bis handsome eyes. A sudden impulse prouted him. He stepped forward and laid liis hand upon the girl's bowed head. She flashed about and sprang to her feet— slender—erect as a dart. Th'e color came and went upon the sun burned cheeks ; the glorious dark eyes we re blazing. " How dare you ?" ehe panted indignantly. He lifted his hat with, a curtly obeisance. " I beg your pardon, Mies Valerie," he returned humbly. " Only I overheard your words, and sympathizing with you, thought I would venture some consolation ! You and I | are fellow sufferers through the scorn and j coldness of your sister." The great dark eyes sparkled. " So ehe has refused you ?" the girl cried lightly. " Well I could have warned you of the result before you asked her 1 Eetelle has set her heart upon captivating the heir of Rossmoyne." Leonard Clavering started as though some one had struck him a blow. His face grew pale for a moment. " My child are you in earnest!" he faltered. She laughed. " I ought not to tell -tales out of school, Captain Clavering/' she returned, "and the truth ought not to be told at all timesj but I will reiterate the truth j Estelle is determined to become Mrs. Boss! for my part, I would not be sure until I had seen him. Why they have never met." He threw himself oarelessly dawn upon the sand beside her. There was an odd expres sion upon his dark face. " Valerie," be was beginning j but she cheeked him with a peremptory little gesture. " Captain Clavering, only my most'intimate friends call me Valerie, without prefix." ■ How dignified she was. The captain smiled slyly. • She was quite a woman of the world after all. "Miss Valerie"—be corrected himself humbly—" I am going away, and " he stopped short. The laugh had faded from her faoe, and she was strangely grave. " Going away ? Oh, Captain Clavering!" There was a strange thrill in the young man's heart. : Somebody regretted him. Ah, that was something! " MIsb Valerie," he Baid softly, " I am going away because it is best for me. I am going to Europe. I have business there which has been already too long neglected. I intend to remain two years. Let me see, you will be seventeen then." She shook her head. "I shall be nearly eighteen," she inter posed ; " for my sixteenth birthday will soon be here." * : " Ah, yes! Quite patriarchal," he rejoined. "Well, my dear Miss Valerie, may I hope that if fate throws us together in two years from now, that you will still bear me in your remembrance?" She was biting her red lip hard to force down the flood of emotion winch threatened to burst all barriers. Hut child as she was, Valerie G-rangep's will was adamant. She turned bravely and faced -Leonard Clavering. He took the slim, brown hand in his own, and gazed into the beautiful eyes. A white lily was pinned in the lace at her throat; she removed it and laid it in his hand with a little attempt at a laugh, which died a natural death. "See!" she cried lightly. "Your memory of ine willsurvive as long as that flower lives —no longer. Keep it as a token, Captain ! Clavering. He pressed it to his lips, then hid it away ; in his breast just as the sound of footsteps and 1 shrill laughter reached them, and a gay group : came sauntering by. ' Captain Clavering rose, and with a low : obeisance' moved away. A few days later the Granger's returned to I their city home. Two years went by, bringing many and varied changes. Estelle Granger was stall unwedded, for the heir of Rosamoyne had never made Mb ap pearance, and she had gradually dropped all mention of his name. Lovers e ime and went with the years, but although many, knelt at the fair Miss Gran ger's shrine, she had turned from them alL "lean never forget him!" her heart cried passionately, "the only man whom I have ever loved! Leonard ! oh Leonard! if you would only come back!" Valerie, a grown young lady now, had made her debut in society, and was received with enthusiasm. For, although her beauty was not so great as her sister's, there was a naivete and a grace about her which were irresistible. So Hal Lyodehurst thought, and straightway became her shadow. So evident was his infatuation that the affair was considered settled, much to Mrs. Granger's satisfaction, for Lyndehurst was very wealthy. One day Captain Leonard Clavering—just home from Europe—walked down the street from his hotel in company with an acquaint ance.. " What's the news ?" asked Leonard, light ing a cigar as he sauntered on.. "Oh, nothing much," returned the other, " unless—ah, yeB, you were acquainted with Miss Valerie Granger, were you not, Clave ring?" "A little!" " Humph ! Wellj.Bhe is .soon to be married -—to Hal Lyndehurst. Lucky fellow—or he would be,; ionly I understand that it is an entirely mercenary marriage on her part." Clavering turned upon him almost fiercely. " I-don't believe it!" he cried. " Nobody could make me belief e that Valerie Granger would marry a man whom she did not love!" He turned as he spoke, and there; coming ' down tie street, was Valerie Granger, fair and ) sweet, in the daintiest of costumes, in com pany wiUvlier mother. A moment more and they liad met. They j stopped short and greetings were exchanged, and when they parted again Clavering had promised to call that evening. He meant to find out the truth. If she was false, then all women were faithless ! That evening he found her alone for a few minuteB, her mother having been called away. In a few words Leonard Clavering told her of his love. See Valerie!" he said, " my love has sur vived your lily, for here is ail that is left of it!" And he showed her—hidden away between the leaves of his note boot—the shrivelled ghost of a faded flower. She lifted her eyes to his, and he read his answer there. And he knew then that the story of her marriagn was all a mistake, and that ehe was his' own for ever. An hour later, at Mrs/ Stanley's ball, Leo nard Clavering met his old love for the first ' time since his return home. One swift glance from the beautiful blue I eyes, and she held but a white gloved hand. "Surely Captain Clavering has not for gotten bis eld friend, Estelle Granger ?" she queried. He took the proffered hand in ■ his own. There was not a thrill at his heart; his love for her was dead and buried. But they sauntered away together out upon a moonlit balcony, and once alone, he began: " Miss Granger, I claim your congratula tions, I am going to be married." She foil back pallid and panting, her eyes full of anguish.' " Leonard I oh, Leonard J' she wailed, " and I love you so." His lips curled scornfully. " You are too late!" he made answer, " Tour love could not awaken the faintest response in my heart, Estelle Granger! But tlie best—the noblest love of my life is given to your Bister, who has promised to become my wife at no distant day. So, Miss Granger, simple little Valerie will be Mrs. 2£oss, and 1 the mistress of Rossmoyne." She gazed into his face with wild, incredu lous eyes. . "What do you mean P" she faltered. "I am Leonard Clavering Roes," he went on to explain. " There was a mistake made in the name when I was first presented in society here, and I decided—being a stranger —to allo w it to remain so for a time. I wanted I to win some true womanly heart that would | care for me,'and not for the owner of Ross moyne! And I have found her. She is i coming " And he turned to greet Valerie. She took his arm and they moved away together, while Estelle Granger's eyes fallowed them in mad despair. She bowed her head; her heart aching with i a dull, heavy pain that waB awful to bear. " My punishment is just!" she said. 