SIB GEORGE GREY'S LAND POLICY. [From our New Zealand Correspondent.] Wellington, March 22. The great event of the last fortnight is the altogether unexpected success of Sir George Grey's stumping tour round the colony and the favourable hearing which has been given by men of all parties to his scheme for the partial nationalization of the lasd. It Is the more remarkable that his greatest success should have been achieved in the South, because it is in Otago and Canterbury that the dread, not to say hatred, of our "G.O.M." lingers most strongly, and in those provinces he was received with very scant civility when he went on a similar errand last year. In Auckland Sir George Grey has never entirely lost his popularity. He lives at the Island of Kawara, some 20 miles off; he has given his exceedingly valuable library to the city; and eveu those who moBt distrust him in politics look up to him as a kind of "lion" of the place. Whenever he lias addressed audiences there he has always been able to command more enthusiasm than any other public man, and even the great power of the Bank of New Zealand whilst detesting Sir George has ever been inclined to hold the candle to him. But to the rest of the colony Sir George Grey for the last six years has been a kind of superior Graham Berry, or at best a mischievous Mirabeau. His democracy has been the more disliked because he is essentially an aristocrat, and one whose distinguished career as Governor of the Cape, South Australia, and since of New Zealand, as well as his wide culture and undeniable eloquence placed bim on a distinctly higher social level than any other citizen. Then there has been a general feeling that Sir GeorgeGrey "knew better," and that his demagogisui was to a certain extent humbug, put on to epite the Colonial Office, and though one can scarcely believe that he is a conscious charlatan there is undoubtedly some truth in this view. Again, when every allowance has been made, it cannot be disputed that the administration of his Government was the most extravagant ever known in New Zealand. This is explained on the ground that he was surrounded by colleagues of very inferior capacity, and that he has a soul above money matters, in which excuse there is perhaps also some truth, but which for all practical purposes only adds force to the accusation. Nor has his conduct out of ofiice been such a3 to regain the respect which he lost as Premier. At first he was leader of the Opposition, but his language was so violent and the Middle Island had such a wholesome dread gf him that the p^tj found themselves obliged td appoint another leader. This gentleman, whose capacities were certainly very inferior, Sir George chose altogether to ignore, and as he carried about a third of the T>axty with him, and it was to Major Atkinson's interest to maintain the division by giving every support he could to Sir George, he succeeded ia preventing any successful action by the Opposition. For this, however, he paid the penalty of ultimately disgusting everybody and of losing the powerful support of his former colleagues, Mr. Stout and Mr. Ballance, who were out of the last Parliament, at the general election, and found himself with a tail of only three or four in the new House. Since then he has done nothing but breathe forth threatenings and slaughter against a Government of " promoters and renegades," and it is difficult to say whether he more heartily despises the Premier, whom he calls the "fallen Liberal," or the "Israelite sitting at the receipt of Custom t@ stock-job the colony." At first the Opposition were glad enough to hear Ministers abused so roiindlv, but personal abuse soon tires, especially"when the abuser is as much distrusted as those whom he abuses. Then for some reason or other Sir George's eloquence grew dim, and his denunciations little better , than senile ravings. The mischievous disposition of the old man teeame forgotten as his power for mischief disappeared, and the feeliDg towards him when he began his present tour was a kind of semi-contemptuous respect for "a light of other dajs," one who has lingered too long upon the scene. Whether this was a favourable mental condition for him to strike upon, or whether it was the blackness of the Government which threw into relief his own somewhat shady past, I don't pretend to say, but there can be no doubting that Sir George has partially whitewashed himself in the public mind by the excellent and eloquent speeches he has made thoughout his tour, and that his policy has taken hold in the most unexpected quarters. That he will regain ofiice by it is unlikely, and he says that he feels himself too old ever to take office again, but something is likely to come of his proposals if not exactly in the shape in which they are put forward by him. An agricultural population is the main element of progress and population in a joung country like this, says Sir George, and it is for want of it that the colony is. languishing. What is required to remove the depression are small farmers, and the reason we do not get them is that there is little or no land available for settlement, and that the terms upon which farms can be acquired are too complicated and difficult. Railways and public works are all very well—I am making an extremely free translation— but we must occupy the lands nearest the markets and centres of population before we push into the interior. Both in Otago and Canterbury a great deal of the best agricultural land in the neighbourhood of towns is in the hands of large capitalists, who use it for pastoral purposes; in the North Island it is in the hands of the Maories. The moral is to buy out the obstructive landowners and cut up their lands into small farms. The time is peculiarly opportune for this. Land has not been at so low a figure for the last twenty years, and the property - tax valuation recently taken affords a basis upon which the purchase can be made so as to prevent the Government paying too much for the land, whilst as a rush to sell may be expected open Land Courts are to be appointed to discuss publicly all applications to sell, and effect the best bargains if offers are made below the property - tax valuation. Payment is to be made to the landowners in land bonds bearing 4 per cent, interest, payable in London or New . Zealand, and the land after being cut up is to be let on quit-rent of six months with tenant-right at a fixed rental of 5 per cent, on the purchase price, the extra 1 per cent, being imposed to cover costs of administration, the interest on blocks left unrented, &c.; This to be the only system of parting with Crown lands in the colony. Ihere is to be a limitation as to the amount of bonds which may be issued in the first instance, so as not to go too fast, and the authority of the General Assembly is to be required for any further issue. No person is to be allowed to hold more than 320 acres of such land. These are the main features of the scheme. Alongside of it he proposes to institute a land tax to capture a portion of the unearned increment on the land, with an income tax to take the place of the property tax, but whatever may be done in the future there is no prospect of any such change during the next Parliament. The property tax gives general satisfaction. The attempt of the present Government to upset it broke down completely, whilst the fall in prices having lowered the value of land more than any oilier kind of property there is additional force to the argument that land should not at this time be specially taxed. As regards borrowing Sir George would continue the construction of public works and authorize one-half the proposed West Coast Railway —i.e., the half across the island, omitting that up the north-west coast to Nelson— but thinks the Government proposals go too faBt and too far. On the subject of the general expenditure he urges retrenchment, apparently in the shape of a reduction in the salaries of all the' leading officials in the service. Returning to the main scheme, Sir George urges with truth that the reason agriculture is paying so badly now is that the price paid, whether in rents or deferred payments, is too high, being based upon a much higher price of produce, and he would grant reductions both to agricultural and pastoral tenants and to deferredpayment settlers. On land near the towns bought at present values there can be no doubt that farmers would be able to pay the interest as rent and make a handsome profit. He particularly pointed to the U umber of farmers in South Australia who would jump at such an opportunity. That the land bonds would easily fetch par in the London market his strongest opponents admit, as they would be ' 1 payable to bearer." Nor is there any injustice to the present possessora Some might object on sentimental grounds to parting with their property for the public good, but the support which the scheme is quietly receiving from the south of New Zealand and the large Companies and landowners shows pretty well how the wind is setting in that direction. The only two real objections to the trial of the scheme are whether there is any need for it—i.e., whether people will take these lands if they won't take the ordiuary Crown lands, and that of principle to the State interfeience and the creation of a large tenantry. The first is to some extent met by the distance of all good land from market j the second opinions will of course differ. My own impression is that the quit-rent system will certainly be added next session to our other systems of land tenure and that there is a fair chance of the repurchasing portion beiDg tried on a small scale, but we are not likely to abandon all our other systems of land tenure for it, nor to derive all the advantages from it that Sir George Grey knows so well how to paint. To believe him, New Zealand is to become the " hub" of the universe once this plan is adopted. Farmers from all quarters of the world will flock here, and depression will be a thing of the past within six months. As for poor South Australia, she is to be completely denuded of her agricultural population—soon the land will be coveted with smiling homesteads and the cities bright with cheerful faces. So well did Sir George's scheme take in Dunedin, which is the very centre of dread of him, that a number fr leading merchants & requisition to him to ^•LirtiSS Ihem again, which he accordingly did at the Grecian Hall, an enormous building, holding 4,000 people, which was crammed from top to toe. A little bird has whispered to me that the leading merchants hoped for a philippic against Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. Stout, and were bitterly disappointed, but the "Grand Old Man' 7 as it is now the fashion to call him, contented himself with vague denunciation of the mischief of carrying on the Government on th§ principles of a joint-stock Company and sarcastic declarations of his confidence in the Liberalism of the Premier, which were too delicately put to be seized by the crowd. This second speech is generally considered the best he has delivered for some years. The picture which he drew of the future of New Zealand and its mission in the Pacific was a masterpiece of eloquence, and the moral he drew from it that the present inhabitants should feel that they held this glorious inheritance in trust for their descendant? and R<?t pawn it to money-lenders took well ; but the history of the notorious Grey Government from 1877-9 rises like a ghost when one feels inclined to applaud the old gentleman's public spirit. As he very truly says, at 74 years of his age his career lies in the past, and he has neither money nor honour to gain by stumping the country • but, like most orators, one cannot avoid the conclusion that there is a great deal of humbug about him— unconscious probably, but there all the same. By-the-way, he told an incident in the history of South Australia in the course of his first speech. It appears that at one time anticipating a depression in South Australia at the time he was Governor he secretly sent home for some specie to meet any crisis which might occur, and give confidence. Fortunately its use was not required in Adelaide, and when news came of the extremity of New Zealand, Sir George, on his own authority, sent it in a man-of-war to Auckland, not altogether to the satisfaction of your colony. A few days afterwards an Indian man of-war arrived in Adelaide, bearing the news of his appointment as Governor of New Zealand, with orders to proceed to Auckland immediately in the same vessel, whereon he had some difficulty in persuading the South Australians that he had not known of his appointment before he sent on the money, which, according to his statement^ practically saved New Zealand at that crisis. The story was told to illustrate the value of a spare store of specie at a crisis. Another thing which may interest you in his second speech was his prophecy as to the future of Australia, which he thinks will be a Beries of big sheepwalks and plantations, deriving all its wheat and flour from New Zealand. At present Sir George is stumping through the agricultural districts in Canterbury, expounding his policy every night to some little village. Saturday he speaks at Christchurch, and after that he "does" the Wellington Province, unless Mr. Gladstone should read " Oceana" and take it into his grand old head to send the " great pro-consul," who has so much in common with him, to South Africa. It has been Mr. Froude's mission in life to whitewash many blackened historical characters, and I shall not be surprised if he is more successful in changing the popular view of Sir George Grey than that of Henry YHL By-the- way, Sir George told me recently that in 1867, when he was standing for Somerset, he proposed to Mr. Gladstone the very scheme for buying out the Irish landlords which he has now adopted, the adoption of which Sir George brings forward as an argument in favour of his New Zealand plan. Lord Granville was in favour of the plan, but Mr. Chichester Fortescue, now Lord Carlingford, and the Marquis of Hartington, were strongly opposed to it, declaring that it must inevitably break up the party, upon which Mr. Gladstone, though impressed with it, gave way. Sir George now points out that Lord Hartington and Lord Carlingford have refused to join the present Gladstone Government whilst Lord Granville remains a member of it. 