TURF TOPJGS AH3 ANTSG1PATIOSS. Bv Asmodecs. Victoria can claim (lio credit of having annexed the first important handicap of the sea son. Although circumstances prevented 1110 undertaking tho annual trip to Hawkesburv, there is a measure of consolation in tho fact that I was not behindhand in anticipating tho I rfiuner ; and by plumping unconditionally for Meteor and awarding a place to The Jewel. I have reason to feel satisfied with my effort in tho first influential intercolonial contest of tho now campaign. By furthor placing tho first, second and third horses in tho exact positions they filled in tho rroduco Stakes, tho prophetical muse appears to have beou par ticularly strong in its inspiration last week, but I inust not indulgo 111 too much " blow," for there is another heavy tipstorial undertaking on hand in connection with tho impending four days' meeting at liandwick, and tho gods may frown if I talk too loudly or too long on this particular theme. The Meteor coup is a meritorious feat on the part of the Kingston faction. In tho first placo it was a bold step to penetrate into New South. Vales territory thus early in the season and encounter tho numerous carefully planned 11 organisations "—good word — which it is customary with our neighbors to reveal at tho spring carnival on the Clarendon course. The Welshmen havo hitherto proved so invincible on tho banks of the Hawkesbury that tho majority of Victorian owr.ors regard the locality as tho last spot on the turf chess board whereon to design an attack Ever since Calumny won the drand Handicap, 11 years ago,' the native owners have successfully ropellcd all attempts at a Victorian invasion, and now that the shrewd Robertson has succeeded in break ing tho spell, fresh kudos accrues to the head of the Kingston establishment for the execution of a so well arranged "koo." Mr. Scarr-is not frequently caught napping, but there can be no denying the tact that somebody got on tho blind sido of him when ho permitted Meteor to bo let down at 7 Et. 2 lb., which is 9 lb. below tho Im post awarded him by Mr. Barnard in tho Caul- fleld Cup. Ilis penalty inorcascs his weight to 8 st. 4 lb, for the la3t named race, so that bis Hawkesbury success is not likely to exorcise any prejudicial influonco.on tho prospects, of the Caulfiold race. TI10 most noteworthy incident in connection with Meteor's triumph was the consummate easo with which tho same was ac complished, The strong oloVonth hour demon stration on behalf of The Jewel must necessa rily havo caused the Kingstonitos some alarm, but all fears wore dispelled on the field ap proaching the home turn, wboro the St Albans home was perceived to be fighting with Fiddes, and the last named had only to elackon the reins to enablo his mount to romp home a six lengths winner. Mr. Maltiand is to bo congra tulated on his roccnt purchaso of Metoor, and his enterprise in essaying so formidable a task has mot with a merited reward, the winner having been supported for a substantial stake both In tho Sydney and Molbourne merkots. The credit of having forotold Meteor's victory in these columns is on a parallel with tho undis guised hostility I manifested towards tho other Victorian representative, Kitawa, on the occa sion of tho market furore instituted on Ills be half. I mado a strong distinction between his claims and those: of Motoor, and wrote thus concerning the same " From Sydnoy comes tho news that Kitawa is the most recent addi tion to tho list of genuinoly baoked candidates for the Hawksbuiy Grand Handicap. ThoTas- manlan bred son of Manuka and Aurora 'is han dicapped at 7. st. 6.1b., and is he encouutors Motcor on 7 lb., woree terms than when: the last named finished in front of him atOeolong, I fait, to know nhat. chanco ho can have of re-, versing positions with his countryman. True, Kitawa was tho victim of a wretched start but even that disadvantage was not sufficient ex cuse for his defeat, inasmuch a3 I had him under special observation throughout tho race, and noted his failure to closo with tho leading division long beforo tho straight was reached, Whon Meteor ran third to Kitawa irftho Birth day Handicap at Fiemington, tho first named was meeting tho winner on 10 lb. worse terms than when he reversed tho verdict at Geelong, and as I havo a strong idea that the favorite was decidedly out of sorts that day— probably suffering from one of the numerous ills horse flesh is hoir to — theso circumstances impress mo with the opinion that Meteor will again demonstrate his superiority over Kitawa when ever their respective partisans choose to eIiow their teeth to one another." Tho Hawkesbury running has proved the correctness of the fore going opinion, and those who supported Kitawa in preference to Meteor did so under strong pro test as far as The Lanier was concerned. Bur- rilda's inability to take a prominent part in tho raco fully justified tho doubts I expressed rela tive to his staying qualifications, and Sorella's inferior display boro equal evidence of my well advised action in ignoring another strongly fancied candidate. Hawkesbury over, attention is now directed towards Randwick, whero tho spring festivi ties will doubtless be inaugurated with custo mary eclat this afternoon. Tho presences of a sporting governor like Lord Harrington is well calculated to . kindle tho enthusiasm of tho Welshmen, and the prospects of a brilliant re union were never more promising than on tho present occasion. A glance at tho official list of entries denote large fields for the majority of ovents embraced in tho programme, and no anxiety need therefore be felt in respect to tho quality of the sport awaiting disquisition. Affairs "will bo introduced by tho Hurdle Race, for which an unusually largo field is expected at tho post. Tho Agent appears crushed out at 13 st. , and wonder though ho bo, I question his ability to concede 5 lb. to Caloola, who lias yet to accomplish his promior effort ovor tho small sticks. Huzza is well looked aftor nt 11 st. 2 lb., but ho would take 'beating if in possession of his old form. The winner, however, may turu up in either VERONIQCE or SULTAN, both of which belong to tho improving division, and aro bound to bo returned as winners of im portant races sooner or later. The Trial Slakes I must award to BRAVO, who has very few superiors at Ramlivick cither in regard to looks or style of going. Neophyte and Soldier's Wind may prove his most trouble some opponents. Tho Dorby promises to resolve itself into p. duel between Mr. White and Mr. Cooper, unless Kingfish or some outsider proves equal to creat ing a surprise. Although no definite declara tion has been mado on either sido, a genoral idea prevails that Blairgowrie will be selocted in preference to Chesham to do battlo for t'lio last named owner, while Trident is similarly expected to be invested with tho responsibility of carrying the Kirkham colors. Trident has a decided call in the market, and as tho stable bare great faith in his staying powers, he will, doubtless, become a still warmer favorite at the post. Ilis stylo of galloping is also poculiarly adapted to the Randwick turns, and iu this re spect he will have an advantage over Blair gowrie, whoso. long, sweoping stride would bo hotter suited along the raciug 6t retches at Flomington than round the sharp curves of the A.J.C. course. Trident's relationship to the dual Derby aud St. Legcr winner Navigator, coupled with tho strong market indications in his favor, present strong recommendations on behalf of Mr. White's colt, whoso 2-year-old credentials aro such as to strongthoa bolief in his ability to provo victorious ; hut 6trong as are these influences I cannot disguise a decided fondness for Blairgowrie, whom from tho outset of his career I havo pronounced tho bean ideal of a Dorby colt. Notwithstanding the popular furore for the Kirkham representative, there fore, I must conscientiously ignore him in favor of Mr. Cooper's crack, and in endeavoring to anticipate tho blue riband fixt I will place them Blaiuuowiiie... ... (Robertson) 1 Tuiuext (Uaies) 2 Kist.fisu (English) 3 Tho Epsom Handicap presents a very open appearance, yet the winner may turn up in elthor Highland Mary, Sorella or Astrioa. If Tronton is in any degree like himself he should experience no difficulty in silencing the field op posed to him in tho Spring Stakes, and next to tho illustrious Maorilandar tho claims of Tama risk and Ceriso and Bluo are most deserving of rospect. To-day's proceedings will terminate with the Welter Handicap, tho concluding struggle for which may' rest between The Orphan, Hogmanay nnd Roobie. In addition to tho GreatMetropolitan Stakes, tho second day's card will contain an interest ing feature iu tho Richmond Stakes, which event will bring together the best 2 -year-olds of the season in tho sistor colony, and the result is certain to exercise considerable Influence on the Maribyrnong Plato prospects. Matador, Yetman and Eckersley hare already won their spurs in pnblic, and this trio will encounter a nuinborof aristocratically bred youngsters who havo yet to make their dibit, Miranda's sister hood to such equina luminaries as Richmond, Palmyra, Bosworth, Segonhoa and Warwick is of itself sufficient to single out the daughter of Maribyrnong and The Fawn as a notable candi date, apart from which she is pronounced an accomplished goer, and qiiito a favorite with tho touts at Randwick. Mr. James Whito cannot be ignored in a contest of tho description under notice ; still, training ground doings do not favor the opinion that his 2-year-old team is as for midable as has bocn tho oaso during the last few years. In hazarding an opinion on the probable issno of events I shall bo content to be guided by publio form, and accordingly record my vote in favor of tho Viotorisn bred MATADOR, who may he escorted homo by Totman, Eckers ley and Miranda. The fluid for tho Metropolitan Stakes promises to bo the most inferior which has contested the great 2 mile raco for years past, and for this reason tho raco may fait to tho lot of a very moderate performer. On tho sarao plea it would not surprise me to seo tho game little Ceriso and Blue romp home under the maxi mum impost of 8 st. 101b., notwithstanding that Myles na Copaleen is snpposcd to,' haro had considerably tho best of a gallop with her on Tuesday morning. Monte Christo has never yet shown any disposition to get 2 miles, but Lancer is better ualified to stay the course, aud as the canny Ivory has a fondness for Metropolitan coups tho Queensland bred nag may havo been especially reserved for this race. Tho Hawkesbury running gives Tho Jewel the preference over horses like Dagobert, Kitawa, B. Y., Corday, Tho Orphan, Lord William, Rifleman and Sorella, and as Mr. Mayo's horso is said to ho well suited by the increased journey, ho may provo equal to avenging his Hawkesbury defeat. Despite the volunteered statement of Bohemian's defeat at a trial, tho Caulfiold horso has received considerable sup- ort, and those who doubt his staying ability aro promised a surprise. When the weights first appeared I soleeted Ringmaster, Lancer and Crossfire in tho half dozen best handi capped horses of the whole fleet, at tho same timo expressing . a decided leaning towards Ringmaster. This is what I wrote concerning him : — " Ringmaster appears to me to standout prominently from all the rest of the middle division, and is, I think, at 7 st. 4 lb. ono of the most leniently handi capped horsos in the race. I must confess to entertaining a great regard fortius compact son of First King and Yardley, and at the weights his chance appears to be a particularly rosy one." Although nearly three months, have in tervened sinco I expressed the foregoing opinion I have no justifiable reason to waiver in tho same ; and now that tho time has arrived for giving a final verdict, I have only to repeat my partiality for RINGMASTER, whoso light impost should materially assist him iu slaying the journey. The fight for places may rest between Tho Jewel, Ceriso and Bluo aud B. Y. I am pleased to havo received an advance slip of nowly registered colors from tho V.R.C. office, as it is evidonco of ray persistent ondcavors to get this matter attended to, hav ing at last received consideration. Time after timo have I pointed ont that, although a new owner coming upon tho turf, has tho greatest difficulty in choosing thoroughly distinctive colors, yet, for years past, many of the best wero allowed to remain registered (aud there fore monopolised) by men who neither owned nor racod horsc3 whilst somo wore positively deceased The V.R.C. have boon lamentably tardy in inviting intimations from owners who wish to retain their colors, but tho work has at length beon accomplished with the result that, instead of containing 221 names (as last sea son), the list before me consists of only 86. Tho latter number, however, is evon more mis leading than tho former, and it appears that in tboir ondoavor to prepare a correct list tho V. R. C. have received enly moderate assistance from tho3e principally concerned. Thus I note in glancing over tho re-registrations, the absence of suoh familiar names as, H. J. Bowler, W. Branch, 0. Barnett, W. S. Cor, S. G. Cook, T. Coffey, J. Cohen, Geoi Davis, W. E. Dakin, G. Glasscock, T. Grimwood, B. Hopburn, R. Howie, T. Ivory, M. Jacobs, E. Jellett, C. L. M'Donald, R. K. Maitland, Septimus Miller, M. Loughlin, and J. G. Reid, very few, if any of whom are, I think, likely to have retired from the sport. Some of these have not condescen ded to inform the club whother they intend to rogister their colors or not, but in many cases the committee havo decided not to accept re gistration of old colors on the ground of their similarity to others. In this rospoot Ihoy have gono too far, and as owners will ran in their old colors if thoy choose, the new list is oven more absurd than the old one. What I havo always contended for has been tho romoval from the official list of tho names of men who do not own horses or who are dead, but tho objection of the V.lt.C. to re-register the old colors of, for in stance, Messrs. J G. Reid and S. Milior is simply ridiculous. The decisiou of the V.R.C. that in future the enly colors registered will be red, blue, yellow, white, black and green is also absurd, as there are many modern shades of color almost equally well known and as easily distinguishable, which aro now and might be still titilised with good effeot. Who, for instance ovor experienced any difficulty in pick ing out Mr. J. G. I'eid's popular "geranium" jacket iu tho biggest fiold? Or can anybody explain an objeotion to mauve or violet ? The baokorsof Little John for tho Cauifield Cup must feel particularly well satisfied with their prospects aftor Meteor's Hawkesbury per formance last Saturday, us . the latter was un deniably full of merit, and goes to. Bhow his Goelong victor to bo a clinker. Meteor, who, with the same jockey np, carved out his mile and a half at Hawkesbury in 2 min. 37( sec., finishing with a six lengths udvantngo over his nearest attendant, was beaten a month before by Little John (who was in rocoipt of 8 lb. from the Tasmaniau) ovor tho same distance. The time made on Barwon'a bauks was certainly alowor than at Hawkosbury, but as tbe son of Hamlet liaB only 7 st. to carry in tho Cauifield Cup, collateral form points to his chanco boing a remarkably good one, ij that should provo to be his particular mission, which is tho most important of all considerations Mr. R. Grico has reason to be gratified with the number of entries received on Monday for tho two principal ovonts in tho approaching Hunt Club Meeting. Amongst the 28 nomi nations for tbe Hunt Club Cup I notice the names of most of tho hunters who distinguished themselves at the rocent trials at the Agricul tural Bhow grounds, and although the hoavy weight champion on that occasion, Ajax is a notable absentee, tho list contains a great £rray ofjnmping talont in Conrad, Manyung, "Curiosity, Abdallah, Robin, Edward; Highiiyor, and Baronet. Tho Flat Raco (ono mile) gives promise of a rare contest should Mr. Barnard succeed in putting on a fair level.tuch good per- formers as Pocahontas, Gardenia, Meteor Middicmarch, Lesbia, The Nun, Sr. Odiiie Duration, Gadfly, Tho Ghost, Dunlop and Duka of Albol, who aro amongst the 51 entered. General entries for tho Melbourne Hunt Club's Spring Meeting close at tho V.R.C. offico on Monday next, tha 20th Inst, when tho following events will require attention Selling Race, of 50 sovs., 5 furlongs, nomina tion, 1 sov.; Hurdle Race, of 75 sove., 1 miles and a distance, nomination 1 sov. ; Steeple chase, of 110 sov3. , 2 miles, nomination 1 sov. j Sapling Stakes, of 50 sovs. J m..o, nomina tion 1 sov. Tho handicaps will be declared next Wednesday. For the information of owners residing tn tha other colonics I may thus early remind them that the first forfeit of 1 sov. each for nomina tions for tho V.R.C, Mares' Produce Stakes, 1886, and 5 sovs. each for the Maribyrnong Plate must be declared and paid before 4 p.m. on Monday, tho 4th October, or nominators will be liable for further forfeits. Nominations of sires for the V.R.O Sires Pro duce Stakes, to bo run at the Autumn Meeting of 1380, closed on Monday with a list of 22, in- eluding the cracks of Victoria, New Soutil Wales, and South Australia. The sires nomi nated were Malua, Robinson Crusoe, Liberator, St. Albans, Progress, Fryingpan, Newminster, First King, Richmond, Neckersgat, Darriwell, Emulation, Guesswork, Rapidity, Gang For ward, Maribyrnong, Chester, Epigram, Grand Flaneur, Monmouth, Martini Henry, and Moor- thorpe. History has to some extent repeated itself fn connection with the Cauifield Cup. Last year Velocipede ran second for the Sydney Cup aud subsequently reigned winter favorite for Caul- field to tho ultimate dismay of his unhappy sup porters. This year Siivermino occupied tha same unsatisfactory position in tbo big autumn event at Randwick, and like the son 0! Fennian a year back has (until a few days ago) reigned supreme at the top of the Cauifield Cup quotations. It is not a little curious that these two favorites in their respective years should have occupiod the same quarters, at tha Cauifield Club Hotel, during thoir Cauifield Cup preparations. Siivermino is at present under a cloud, and for several day3 has been absent from the track. Some affirm that the strap ping Tasmanian is "crooked," others that he has merely been put through a course of physic; some that he ha3 been token by his astute mentor to tho latter's old haunts at Brighten, and during the week it was even affirmed that he was filling a vacant box at Kingston. All I can say is, don't mind Ecaros, but be pre pared to soe tho big son of Napoleon re- appear on tho scono, looking far from eorpso like. This, at any rate, I take to be safer than pre suming him to have joined tho "dead meat" division at the present time. The V.A.T.C. secretariat will be tho scene of much activity on Monday next, on which day Mr. Bond will bo prepared to receive cntrios for the Spring Meeting to be held at Cauifield. la drawing attention to this important matter I cannot do better than append the amounts to bo transmitted with the genoral entries 1— Fikst Dat.— Malilcn Plato .. .. .. £2 0.0 Hurdle Race .. .. .. 2 0 O The Australian nunters' Cup .. ,. 1 0, Q The Tooruk Handicnp .. 10 0 Second Dat. — Selling Usee 10 0 Caulfleld Stakes 2 0 0 Nursery Handicap 2 0 Q Open Steeplechase ,200 Windsor Handicap .. .. ,. ,.100 The ranks of the Fiemington trainors have beon strengthened by the arrival of Mr. C. L. M'Donald's team from South Australia. Tho string is a formidable one, comprising— New- stead, Lord Wilton, St. Julian, Success, Lara, The Lerite, Trojan, Hortense, Harridan and a 2-year-old brother to Trojan. Tho Israelite is a conspicuous absentee, the sou of Blue Gown and Tinfinder having taken Topaz's placo at the Talarno stud. Tho well known American trotting stallion Contractor is advertised at tho service of breeders at tho moderate fee of 8 guinea?. He ought to command a full list on these terms. Latest returns from England show that C. Wood still heads the list of winning jockeys, having up to the 2nd August won 96 races, and lost only 160. In round nnmbers this means that I10 has won 37 J per cent, of tho races in which he has ridden dnring the6eason, a truly marvellous record. Archer, who is second on tho list, won 89 and lost 215, his aggregate and avorago being therefore considerably below thosoof his great rival Between the two cracks and tbo remainder there is a3 usual a consider able gap. G. Barrett, who has riddon far more races than any other jockey in England (in cluding both Wood and Archor), having won only 62, J. Watts 50, F. Barrett 46 and J. Fagan .42. Tom Cannon is unusually low down the list with 39 wins, whilst F. Webb baa only 17, and old Johnny Osborne only a dozen out of 105 mounts. The Warrnambool Racing Club has refused to removo the disqualification from Rex in con nection with the Defamation case till after Juno next. 