Sydney Street Tranlc. *' HOW-NOT -TO-DO-IT.' It can scarcely be said that our street traffic in Sydney is regulated on model principles — or is it that the officers appointed to carry out the regula tions thereanent are not sufficiently numerous or wideawake to exercise a judicious amount of control over vehicular traffic for the Bafety and. comfort of the pnbiic generally ? A short time back there was some talk about abolishing the present divided oTsiom jmd of handing over the control of the street tr-ifiic to Sie City Council, or making that mysterious body, the Transit Commissioners, entirely responsible. Certainly the council would would seem to be the proper authority. At least it is the more come-atable insti tution of the two. That, however, is not the immediate question. It matters little from what quarter the power emanates to set the work in motion, so long' as the work is well done, and the safety and conrenience'of the public are consulted. The streets of Sydney are narrow and tortuous, and the traffic during many hours of the day is «x ceedingly heavy, eo that an efficient staff of transit officers is absolutely essential to prevent the aggravation of 'street blocking'' and accidents of all kinds. To say that sufficient atten tion is not paid to this matter, is to put the fact very mildly. A woman is knocked down, the driver is howled at indignantly by half dozen un official voioes, Jehu gallops oil, the woman ' pnlla herself together and limps away. And the owners of the half dozen voices mentally take notes that they will buttonhole a transit commissioner on the first opportunity,. though they have not the ghost of an idea where he may be found, and even do sot oven know what eorfc of an 'animal' he. is. This experience is frequent all over the city, and the liberties taken by the drivers ot private vehicles, who would doubtless plead isnorance of 'the rules of the road' is notorious. In one of the western states of America, we sx& told ~hv. Ttfarlr Twain +Jia4; «i.ti ATifca«*nTncin-y Ai^nscm V fti sporting proclivities, contracted With a medical Mend to drive round town with an invisible waggon and produce cheap surgical cases at so much per head, by which means he secured a comfortable living, while enjoying the healthy excitement natural to ench a sfcnul&tuig; pursuit. It will probably occur ? to many that, as matters stand 'with regard to the administration of _ the street traffic regulations in Sydney, ?' a Judiciously active, and sufficiently -daring wheel-shifter and general aocldent manufacturer might successfully emulate the brilliant career of . Mark Twain's hero in this city— for a time, at least. Seriously speaking, it would appear, from the frequent complaints made on this subject, that there is a want of proper and efficient- supervision - of the traffic in many of onr streets, and it is rf matter deserving careful consider* aiion. '' /:? ? ?? . v ':: ;- ? ??' ' ?'? ?? '? '- 