llll&.íUl)r.: Barreré. 'CHAPTER V.-(CONTINUEDV «VV ' ^ Jîut'.all tbis was light and easy to-the, last, of " the j many occupations which filled Dr. Barrère's ?: thftüghts, . and that was Jim-^Jim alone in Ms-prison, he. who had never been alone, who had been, surrounded all day long by;his companions -j-thé companions who had led him astray. No, they had not led him astray. Langton, who was deadjwhom he had killed, had not led him astray, though he (now thought so,, or said EO, bemoaning himself.. Such a thing would be too heavy a burden for any human spirit. . A mau cannot ruin, ' any moro than he can savo, his brother. His'dwn inclinations, his own will, his love for the-forbid den, his idle wishes and follies-these were'what had led him astray. And now he was left ; alone, to think o-f all that, with tho shadow before him of a hideous death at a fixed moment -rr-a.moment drawing nearer and nearer, which he could no more escape than he could forget it. Jim,had many good qualities amid his evil ones. He was not a badman ; his sins were rather those oft a foolish self-indulgent boy. His character was that of a boy. A certain innocency, if that word may be used, lay tinder tho surface of his vices, and long confinement away, from all temptation had 'wrought a change in him like that that came over the leper in the Scriptures, whose flesh came againas tho flesh of a little child. This was what happened to Jim, both bodily and mentally. He languished in health from his confinement, but yet. his eyes regained the clearness of his youth, aud his mind, all its ingenuousness, its power of . affection. : Lying under the sentence of death he became once more the loveable human creature, the. winning and attractive youth he had been in ttíéjiays before trouble came. Air clouds save the one.cloud rolled off his soul. Tn all likelihood ho"'1 himself forgot tho course of degradation through which he had gone 5 everything was ob- litero ted ".to him by the impossibility of sinning möro-everything except the one thing which no self-delusion could obliteróte, the unchangeable " doom to which he was approaching day by day. Jim1 had-none of the tremors of a murderer. Ho concealed nothing; he admitted freely that the verdict was just, tliat it was he who had lurked in* the dark and awaited the villain-but only he had never meant more than to punish him. "It ia all quite true what the doctor says. I knosked . him down. I meant to beat him within an inch of Iiis life. God knows if he deserved it at my hands, or any honest man's hands. And then it , came over me in a moment that he never moved, * that be, never made a struggle. Ifc was not be fi, cause there were people coming .up that I ran away. It was horror, as the doctor; says. No ; thing can ever happen to me again so dreadful as that/'. said Jim, putting up his handkerchief to Wipe: his'damp forehead. And yet he could , tell eyen that story with tolerable calm. ' He was not conscious of guilt; he had.meant to.do what he felt quite justifiable-rather laudable than other- wise-to thrash a rascal " within an inch of his life'."' 'He had expected the man to defend him- self i he had been full of what he; felt, to he righteous rage, and he did not feel himself guilty now.'He was haunted by no ghost ; he had ceased even to' shudder at the recollection of the horrible moment in .which he became aware that instead of chastising he had killed. ' But when his momentary occupation, with other thoughts died away and the recollection of what lay before him came back, the condition' of poor Jinrwas a dreadful one. To diez-rfpr what !-to die on Thursday, the 3rd of September, at a horrible moment fixed and unchangeable. To feel the'days running past remorselessly swift, with- out an event to break their monotonous flying pade-^thosw days which were so. endlessly long fronrdawn to twilight, which sèem'ed as if they * Would never bo done, which had so. little night, yet which flew noiselessly, silently, bringing him ever nearer 'and nearer to the end. Poor Jim broke down entirely under .the pressure, of this intolerable certainty. Had it been done at once, the"moment the sentence had been, pronounced j but to sit and wait for it, look for it, anticipate: it, know that every hour was bringing: it nearer, that, through the dark and through the day, and through all the endless circles of thoughts that surrounded and surrounded it'} it "was coming:, always coming,'not to be escaped ! Jim's nerves * " > ' broke-dpwn^nder.this intolerable¿h'jng;that had toho^bcrrno.'?. Ho kept" command of himself when he saw. his mother and sister, hut.with Dr. Barreré he let himself go. It was a relief tb him for the wretched moment. Save for the moment, nothing, alas, CQuld bo a relief-for whether he contrived to1 smile and subdue himself, br whether he dashed himself against the wall of impossibility that shut him in, whether he raved in anguish or madiioss, or slept, br tried to put a breve face upon it, it was coming all the time.. . . <. 'Mt 1B ; . sitting' and waiting that is tho horrible thing," he said, " to think there was nothing you can elo. That's true, you know doctor, in " Don Juan," about the people that plunged into the sea to get drowned a little sooner and be done with it-in the shipwreck, you know. It's waiting \- and seeing it coming that is horrible. It is just thirteen clays to-day. De'ath isn't what I mind ; it's waiting for it. Will it be-will it bG very horrible, do yon think-at the moment-when it comes ?" ? " No," said Dr. Barrère, " if it comes to thnt, not horrible at all-a moment, no more." A ' moment-but you can't tell till you try ' what may be in a moment. I don't mind, doctor something sharp and soon would be a sort of relief. It is tho sitting and waiting, counting the "days,, seeing it coming-always coming. No- body has a right to torture a fellow like that ; let them take him and hang him as tho lynchers do, straight off." Then Jini was seized with a slight convulsive shudder. "And then the 'afterwards,' doctor ? for all your science you can't tell anything about that. Perhaps you don't believe in it at all. Ido." Dr. Barreré made no reply. He was not quito 'clear about what he believed; and he had nothing to say on such a subject to this young man stand- ing upon the verge, .with all the uncertainties .and possibilities of life still so warm in him, and yet so near the one unalterable certainty. After a minute Jim resumed. "I do," he < said, firmly. "I've never been what you call a sceptic. I don't believe men are, they only pretend, or, perhaps, think so, till it comes upon thom. I wonder what they'll say to a poor fellow up there, doctor ? I've always baan told that they understand up there-there can't be injustice done like hero. And I've always been a true believer. Vie never been led away-like that." > " It isn't a subject on which I can talk," said the' doctoi', unsteadily ; ""your mother and Agnes, they know ; but, Jim, for the love of God don't talk to them as you'are doing now. Put on a good fac8 for their sakes." "Poor mother !" said Jim. He turned all at once almost to crying-softened entirely out of his wild talk. "What has she done to have a thing like this to happen to her ? She is a real good woman, and to have a son hanged, good Lord!" Again he shivered convulsively. "She won't live long, that's one thing ; and perhaps it'll be explained to her satisfaction up there. But that's what I call unjust, Barreré, to torture a poor soiil like that, that has never done any- thing but good all her life. You'll take care of Agnes. But mother will not live long, poor dear. Poor dear!" he repeated, with a tremulous smile. " I suppose she had a happy life till I grew up till I- I wonder what I could be born for, a fel- low like me, to be hanged!" he cried, with a sudden, sharp anguish, in which .there was the laughter of misery and the groan of despair. Dr. Barreré left the prison with his heart bleeding ; but he did not abandon Jim. On the contrary there was a terrible attraction which drew him to the presence of the unfortunate young man. The doctor of Poolborough gaol, though not so high in the profession as himsoTf, was one of Dr. Barrère's acquaintances, and to him he went when he left the condemned cell. The doctor told his professional brother that Surtees wa3 in a very bad state of health. " His heart-haven't you remarked ?-his heart is in such a' state,, that ho might go at any mo- ment." ' / "Dear me," said the other, "he has never complained' that, ,-I,*~know of. And a vary good thing, too) Barreré ; you don't mean to say that you would regret it if anything did happen, before-" .; " No," said thé doctor, " but the poor fellow may suffer. I wonder if you'd let me have the charge of him, Maxwell ? I know you're a busy man. And it. would please his mother to think that I was looking after him. What do you say?" The one medical man .looked at the other. Dr. Barrer e was pale, but he did not shrink from the look turned upon him. "I'll tell you what I'll do, Barreré," said the prison doctor at last. "I am getting all'wrong for want of a little rest. Feel my hand-my nerves are as much shaken as Surtees'. If you'll take the whole for a fortnight, so that I may take my holiday-" Dr. Barrère thought for a moment. " A fortnight ? That will be till after-. I don't know how I am to do it with my practice ; but I will do it, for the sake of-your health, Maxwell ; for I see .you are in a bad way." "Hurrah !" said the other, "a breath of air will set me all Tight, and I shall be for ever obliged to you, Barrère." Then he stopped for a moment, and looked.keenly in his face. "You're a better man than I am, and know more ; but for God's sake, Barrère, no tricks-no tricks. You know what I mean," ho said.. ' < ' "No, I don't know/'what you mean. I know you want a holiday, and I want to take care of a case in which I arri interested. It suits us both. Let me have all the detail3 you can," said Dr. Barrère. Í. 