CHAPTER VII. THE GRAVE AXD THE ALTAR, Months rolled on. At drat not a day passed without Lord Herbert visiting hie wife. Then came intsrvala of absenoe, dar ing which he did not even write. Of course Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to stndy, to show himself in eosioty, to visit bis home. But then hie manner changed. He was no longer im passioned. He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first that be was growing weary of her, bat by degrees the conviction forced itself upon her, and preyed npon her very soul. Her cheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faded. Fatal obange 1 for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the ac complishments and the graces whiah are the birthright of arietocratic ladies, and if her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart , of the man who had Btooped from bis high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts aod duns. < His establishment in St. John’s Wood Terrace folt the effects of his embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tions as the reason for entailing his domestic expenses, and she. cheerfully sawhorses and. carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to have to press her bnBband for money, to meet the grocer’s, baker’s and butoher’s bills. She knew there was some thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. Daring the first months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided sooiety ; now he was at every, distinguished ball, aoncert, pionio, archery meeting. Every where he met Lady Fanny Weatover. Since their first acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But she distinguished him above all others, and - his marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jean nette about bis social movements, the news papers, such as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he was leading a wild, desperato life, regardless of all consequences. High piey and deep drinking divided his nights with theatres, balls, aqd dinner parties. He betted on the turf with Die varying luck of a follower of fortune, . The earl and the countess both became un easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as (he only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West over as their future daughter-in-law. Lord Herbert’s attentions to her were unmistak able. No .honorable man could be so as siduous without giving the object of his ad dresses and the world to understand that he loved her. . Tet Lord Herbert'never deliberately pur posed to'repudiate his marriage with Jean nette. _ He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating v an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first love had long sinoe grown oold. 488 He had long been absent from his ■ chambers in the temple, and left no address, , and therefore was without news from hie ( wife; but one night he thought he would j pay her a visit. There were reasons why he : Should not have beon a single day away from her eide, but his heart was now steeled, and he had ignored those reasons. The servant who opened the door earn not a word to him. He passed up into.the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jeannette was lying on the bed; beside her a new-born infant. An old nurse, who was present, roso and left the “Ahl you have ooms at last, Herbert I" said Jeannette, in a faint voice. “I was afraid you would ooms too late." Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed the white face. He was cnnsoions-etrioken. “Our ohild—onr baby-daughter 1” con tinued the wife, inclining her bead towards the little pink faoe on the pillow. “ Ton will take .care of her—when—I am gone.” “What do you mean!” cried Lord Her bert, bending over the conoh. “ Are yon not doing well?" “ I—am—dying," murmured the poor woman. “ Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven’s decree. The child--call her Oarmelino—it is a tanoy of mine. Ton will not balk my last wish—will yon, darling ?" 11 Jeannette—dearest—live 1—live for my cake—for onr ohiEl’a. I will acknowledge yon as my wife to-morrow—you have the proof 1" “Herel" ehe said, touohing the bosom of her dress. Then she added: “ Give me yoor hand, dearest.” He took her hand; it was already oold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of Bteel—he was a man, add his tears dropped like rain npon the poor, thin white hand. “ Do not weep, dear oat,” mnrmnred hia wife. “ BeUeve me. it is better thus. Kiss me I Now good-night I Biby—do not forget.” With a wild ory he wrenohed hia hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in hia wife’s face—it was the face of death. Long he sat there in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of hnman, passionate grief, an awe fell^upon him. _ Then there cams a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. “ Better thus.” he muttered. “ It was Bhe who said it. Better to die than to ontlive love. And Bhe is dead. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul she had 1 Bnt is all over now. I am free 1 She died just in time.” He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dreBS, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It was the little sleeping baby's birthright, and ho was robbing both the living and the As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, bat it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. v Lord Herbert opened the paper and made enre that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the last inoh was burnt to ashes. The blaze scorohed his fingers, bnt he did not feel the pain. “ Good-evening, my lord 1" eaid a man’s, voice, that eonnded like thnnder in the hash of the death-ahamber. “Whydo von call me my lord?"' asked “Beeause it is reBpeotfal, Lord Herbert Knightly,” answered the man. % He was perfeotly sober, and perfeotly “ Are yon aware whom yon are addressing, sir?" “ Perfeotly. I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my sister’s husband." “ Prove what yon say.” “ It is very ea.By to prove your identity." “ Bnt the marriage ?’’ Wilson looked blank. ” Ton do not deny that yon were married to yonder dead mother?” “I do deny it, and I challenge yon to produce contrary evidenc?.’’ _ “Yon do not deny that yonr are the father of that child, my lord ?" “ I do not deny that.” “ And yon propose to abandon the in fant ?” “ I propose to do no such thing. Hear me. .1 have a proposition to make to you. Yon are needy—so, for tho present, am 1. Bnt I oan command money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the fnneral expenses of yonr unfortunate sister. As for the child, I offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to take charge of it—to adopt and roar it as yonr own. It yon will oall at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy you as to the payment. I give yon five minutes to consider the proposition. Deject it, and I will mako an arrangement with a stranger. ’ Thomas Wilson did cot need five minutes to consider. He accepted. Tho nobleman and advonturer ratified the bargsin by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment. Lord Herbert did not cast one look npon the face of hia dead wife, her whose fair name he bad Blandered for the sake of her own brother. Withont a look at the bed where the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stolo out of the honee of death. “ To the Carleton 1” he ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab - He was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his bntton-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duchess’ that evening, and he meant to keep his appoint ment. But firBt he must have brandy. ' He drank so deep that one of bis acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and re monstrated. “ Mind yonr own affairs, Westley," re torted Lord Herbert; “ I oan take care oi. -myseU.” - ■ — — . He was as cool, apparently, as if he had swallowed so mnoh water, only the gneatB at thednohess’ notioed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Wcstover was his partner in a quadrille. He hang over her after ha had conducted her to her. seat, where an old dowager, her chaperon, was waiting for her. “ Bamember, yon are mine for the waltz,” he whispered. “To-night I monopolize yon.” The oroheatra soon struck np the symphony of one of Lannier’s wildest, most maddening waltzes. “ This is something like life 1” he whis pered, as ehe bung on hiB shoulder, and the pace, became fast and farions, as a tnrfman would say. “ For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave—don’t yon “Yon talk very strangely to-night,” panted Lady Fanny. « Do I ? that is beeanse I am in snob high spirits. Yon know I love yon, and now that I feel the pressure of yonr hand, yonr per fumed breath npon my oheok, I am in Para dise. Are you happy ?” \- “ Yes,” was the mnrmnred reply. Suddenly the music stopped. They were alone open the floor. As he led her to her seat ha pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. . “ Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch tho reply. “ Yonrs wholly,'! was the answer, distinct, though low. The acoepted suitor of Lady FannvWest over 1 And what about the unbnried*woman that Iky. at that moment on the little white bed in St. John’s Wood? Why did that still. faoe tom among the blooming cheeks; and the fair, forma and the gljttering diamonds, and wax- light* of'the dnohesB’ ball in Belgravia? TThv ? Why ? There was no accounting lor ghost in8 waves of champagne and Bur gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, butcopld not. forget tia marriage at St. George’s, Hanover equate, duly chronicled by Jenkins of‘he^umng Pnst and the bridegroom was LordHerner* Knightly; the bride. Lady Fanny Westover The8“nanny couple” departed immediately after the weldtag breakfast, for an extensive tonr on the Continent. “Happy? Of course they were. 