A Pew Good Recipes for Household Use. | To Make Bbead.— To every pound of flour add a large heaped-up teaspoonful of BORWICK 6 ' old Mbdal Baking Powdbb with ft little salt and, thoroughly mix while in a dry state, then pair on gradually about half-a-pint of cold water, or milk and w&frr;, mixing quickly but thoroughly into a dough of tbe usual oon sist^nce, taking -*aie not to knead it more than is necessary to mix it perfectly ; in -ike it into small loaves, which must be immediately put into a quick oven. 1 Pufp Paste. — Mix one pound of flour with j a toaspoonful of Bo^wick's Gold Mudal Baking Powder, then cut half^a-p^'ind of butter into slices, roll it in thin sheets on some of your flour, wet up tbe jest with about a quarter of a pint of water, see that it ie about as stiff as your buiter, roll it to a thin sl eet, cover it with your sheets of butter, double it in a three double ; do the same five times, it is then fit for us*, or it may stand an hour covered over to k- en the air from it. To Makb a kicii Plum Cake. — Take half n-pound of butter and half-a-pound of white sifted sugar, beat t':ose with the hand well to gether to a cream, add four eggs, one at a time, and well beat each one with the butter and sugar, lightly mix in one pound of flour pre viously mixed wiib one feaspoonful of Boh wxck's Gold Medal Baking Powdeu, then lightly mix with tbe whole half-a-pound of sultanas, bake at once, tho oughly, in a quick oven. To Makb a Good Plain Cake. — 'ix well together one pound of flour, two teaspoonfuls of Bohwiok's Gold Mbdal Baking I'owdeb, b little sa't and spice, and aquirter-of-a-poun-f of sugar, rub in a quarter-of-a-pound of butter, add six ounces of sultanas, two ounces of cur* runts, and once ounce of candied pi'el, moisten the whole with two eggs and half-a-teacupful of milk previously bestcn together j bake in & quick oven very tbor -ughly. Scotch. Scones —Take one pound of flour, add a full teaspoonful of Bobwick's Gold Mbdal Baking Powdkr, and a little salt, mix thoroughly while dry, rub in two ounces of butter, beat up one egg well in a quarter of a pint of milk, then thoroughly and quickly mix to ether; bake immoniately on a girdle or in a quick oven. This will make eight delicious scones. Tea Cake-. — Use the recipe as for scones, but add a few currants, sultanas, or caraways if preferred, Suobt Bread. — Mix well together one pound and a quarter of flour, a large teaspoon ful of Borwick'b Gold Medal Baking I'owdeb, and half-a-pound of white sifted 8ug-r, rub in half-a-pound of but'er, mix the whole with three eggs, previously well beaten, and a litt 0 essence of lemon. Mako four cakes out 01 five ounces of dough, mould into a round form, then roll thorn out into nn oval shape, pinch them round tho edges, put a piece of candied lemon peel at tbe top, and bake slowly. Bice Biscuits.— T«ko half-a-pound of sugar, half- -pound of beet ground rice, half-a-pound of butter, b^f-a-pound of flour, and halfatca spoonful of Bobwick's Gold Medal Baking 1'OWdb*i m x the whole into a paste with two eggs. a n Excellent Flum Pudding. — Tike three-quarters of a pound of flour, two large teaspoonfu's of Forwick's Gold Medal I'aking Powder, two ouncos of bread crumbs, ODC-and-a-baif pounds of suet, two pounds of raisins, one pound of currants, ten ounces of sugar, two ounces of almonds, one pound of mixe I candied peel, salt and spice to taste, mix ingredients well together, and add mx eggs well beaten, and threc-quarters-^f-a-pint of milk, divide in two and boil eight hours. Pancakes or Batter Pudding. —Take half-a-pound of flour, two teaBpoonfuls of Boh wick's Gold Medal Baking Powder, a little salt, mix well in a dry state, add one egg, and three- quarters-ot-a-pint of milk. Norfolk Dumplings. — Prepare the dough as for bread, put into a saucepan of boiling water immediately, and boil twenty minutes without taking the lid off. Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in th old country to revive tbe belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'a ghost : ' How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of 0 heavy' breod is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, tbat people do not adopt tbe sorest spell against ghosts by using Borwiek's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper haB it by him, and very good housewise buys it. Woman's Sphere — There are few men now so benightd as to believethat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing bow to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Custard Powder.' With tbe former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and paBtry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, she isindependentofthe domestic hen, and can make the most deliciouc custards, blanc-manges, &c.;, at half thA usual time. Valuable Discovery for thb Hair.— If your hair in turning grey or white, or falling off, nse 41 The Mexioau Hair Benewer,' for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original colour, without leav ing tbe disagreeable smell of most ' Restorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, sb well as promoting tbe growth of tho hair on bald spols, where the glanrtR are not decayed. Ask your Obpmist for c- The Mexican Hair Be newjcb,' sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. Ofl, per Bottle, Wholssale depot 83, Farringdon Boad, Londou. Flobilinu '.—Fob thb Teetii and Breath — A few drops of the liquid u Florilinfe' sprinkled on a wet tooth»brush produoes a pleaiant lather, which' thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impuritiee, hardens the gumF, pievenlB tartar, stops decay, giveB 10 the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to tbe breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising frara decayed tcetb or tobacco smoke. ' The Fr&eraDt; Florilioe,' being c niwosed in part of Hunt-y and sweat h*rbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discov ry of the age. Price 2°. 6d., of all Gneiuifit$ aud Perfumers. Wholes* e depot I 33, FartiogioQ Aoadf London. 