THE BOARDING-OUT SYSTEM. The Rev. Mr. Honner has written us a letter, printed elsewhere, in which he ex- presses an objection to certain plain language used by us in dealing with his former epistle concerning the Boarding out Society. We do not know that we can better defend ourselves than by appealing from Mr. Honner as defendant to Mr. Honner as plaintiff. 'I have been accused,' he said in his former letter, ' of using hard words. My excuse is that the case is hard.' It is very hard and most unjust that a gentleman in Mr. Honner's position should make charges against a system without taking the trouble to bring forward a single proof of the truth of his assertions. We want plain matter of fact. If Mr. Honner knows cases in which children have been ill-used, why does he not make them known ? He says that the State children are half-starved, ill-clothed drudges. Is he prepared to give instances ? He has taken upon himself to defend the case of the poor destitute children" does he think to do this by making asser- tions which, for all the public knows, are unfounded ? His letter, this morning is in'] no respect more satisfactory than its predecessor. Not a single instance is given of cruelty or unkindness. It is full of sound and fury, signifying nothing. If prejudice could be taken for argument, and obstinacy could be reckoned as a logical proof, Mr. Honner would be un- answerable. As things, are, however, it is required of people that they prove their statements, or else that, finding they have nothing to establish, they keep silence, even from hard words, though, it be pain and grief to them. It appears from Mr. Honner's letter that bis ancient friend Dionyius—"who lived before Christ" — was dragged into the business because Mr. Honner looked among the heathen philosophers for the advocates of the boarding-out system. Their ideas of caring for destitute children were peculiar, and Mr. Honner has, strangely enough, omitted to mention whether his search was successful. Possibly he was about as successful as we were when hunting through his letter for some signs of an argument or some vestiges of a proof. There was an intolerable deal of sack, but not one poor halfpenny worth of bread— plenty of vigorous vituperation, but not a ghost of a concrete instance. We should like to ask Mr. Honner two or three plain ques- tions. Has he ever drawn the attention of the Boarding-out Society to cases of alleged cruelty ? If so, has the Society ever refused to examine into the cases ? Did he ever make random statements about the boarded-out children, who were found, upon examination, to be happy and contented and devoted to their foster parents? Was the head and front of the ' ill- treatment' of a boarded-out girl the fact that too much attention was paid to her. Did he find fault with a boy's foster parents because they gave him too little work to do? We ask these questions simply because answers to them would show clearly enough that Mr. Honner's attitude towards the boarding-out system is founded on an inveterate prejudice, and maintained by an unthinking obsti- nacy. We know very well that Mr. Honner has been always finding mare's nests, and making much noise about them. One could pardon this, in so far as it proceeds from an honest desire to do what appears to be duty ; but there is no excuse for a man who will persist in the face of facts in thinking that a mare's nest is not a mare's nest at all, but some thing worthy of the attention of reason- able beings. It would ill become us to question the theological dicta of a clergy- man, but we must point out that the word ' poor' in the passage of Scripture which we quoted the other day has dis- tinct reference, pace Mr. Honner, to the poor in pocket. And, whilst we are on this subject, we should like to know how Mr. Honner proposes to prove that 'the crabbed philosophers, the writings of the Holy Bible, the expe- rience of the world at all times, and the history of the boarding-out system will prove the truth of my statements.' But there— it's no use asking Mr. Honner for proofs. If it were we should ask for more convincing evidence than the testimony of all the philosophers — Greek or Jewish— who lived before the boarding-out system was introduced. Mr. Honner's latest discovery is that the Destitute Commission is no authority on the matter of boarding out. "This is too much,' he says. 'The Commission had nothing before them but the state- ments of those interested in the promo- tion of the boarding-out system; the praise was a foregone conclusion.' Why did not Mr. Honner come forward as the advocatus diaboli? If he had such a strong dislike to the system, and if he knew so much bad about it, why did he not ask to be examined in order that he might resist its claims to canonization? By not coming forward then he has put him self out of court. When full opportunities were given to all who Iiked to ventilate their opinions and advance complaints Mr. Honner was silent. Did he think that his random statements would not be taken as evidence ? Was he afraid lest somebody who happened to know the working of the system would show the utter absurdity of his opinions ? Or perhaps the Commission was not learned enough to understand how Diony- sius— 'who lived before Christ'— coul be taken as an authority on the boarding! out system. Whatever his reason was, he volunteered no information. Here was a man who has taken up the cause of the destitute children, whose memory is over- flowing with instances of the cruel treat- ment of these children, and yet he let a great opportunity of indicating their right to proper treatment pass without improve- ment ! Months after the whole subject has been carefully dealt with by com- petent judges, who had concrete cases before them, he comes forward with charges for which he can give no grounds. Such a course of action is grossly unfair. Mr. Honner must not let his zeal run away with his sense of honour and fair dealing. Let him at least attempt to prove his charges, and we can answer for it that the Society will use every means to root out the evil. If he cannot prove them he must be taught to know that the right to exercise a sacred function, even when there is honesty of intention, does not confer a patent of infallibility in matters of fact. Charges against a person, a Society, or a Board -]which are advanced without warrant and maintained without proof come within the category of slanders, be the author of them priest or layman, The Catholic Refuge, Norwood. At the annual meeting of the Catholic Refuge, Norwood, held last evening, Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, chose to make a most bitter and quite unwarranted onslaught upon this journal. To any one acquainted with the facts the animus shown in the attack and the misleading nature of the statements advanced by the Bishop are so obvious that it would be quite unnecessary to reply to them, and they might be passed over in silence. Unfortunately, however, the memory of the public, is not very tenacious : facts soon slip out of mind as the records of one day are displaced by those of succeeding days, and a precis of the history of recent events when given by an ecclesiastic of high position is apt to be accepted as gospel. Now, what are the facts of the case referred to by Dr. Reynolds? In the Register of August 9 we made some editorial comments upon the report of an inquest which appeared in the Bame issue. These were alaqst entirely based upon the evidence given at the inquest. There was one inaccurate statement,- which was corrected the next day. The women pass their period of confinement not in the Refuge, as stated by us, but in an adjacent house. Nothing whatever was . said ' reflecting upon the Refuge. On the contrary, the cleanly appearance of the interior of the buUding waa specially referred to. On August 10 we published in our news columns the substance of a letter from one of the Jurors contain ing certain ' statements 'for the accu racy, (Ofiff hich he^ distinctl| vjMWheol, . having, .'as he declared, obtained the infor mation from the most trustworthy sources, rhese were published without any remarks '-f oar own. Oa the Wednesday the Juror's issertions were contradicted by Dr. 0'Conhell aa well as by a firm, of under takers.1 In his letter Dr. O'Connell said 'the protection of the children from Palling into drains is a defect which will be immediately attended to.' On the Following day the Juror wrote saying he bad been misinformed, and regretting that be had acted upon information which he deemed to be moat reliable without making further enquiry. To this letter we appended the following footnote : — ' We greatly regret having been made the medium for publishing 'Juror's* incorrect statements.' It is, therefore, not true to say that 'the institu tion had been treated in a most ungenerous way by the Register in a sub-leader on the matter without the slightest enquiry as to the facts of the case.'** The only remark in the sub-leader adverse to the institution was as to the un protected state of the drains^ and, according to Dr. O'Connell, 'this is a defect which will be immediately attended to.' There was no 'venomous slander' except in Bishop Reynolds's be-ited imagination. With regard to any threat of legal proceedings, this is the first we have heard of it, and the apology we offered for having made an inaccurate statement was not abject, and was not made from my fear of legal proceedings, but was prompted by the desire' that influences jvery honest journalist not to mislead the public. As to making enquiries it the 'Refuge or of the Bishop about she accuracy of ' Juror's' assertions, we ihould have done so had not our informant issured us that he derived his knowledge From unquestionable sources. For the rest Bishop Reynolds must learn to be more accurate and more free from bias than he was in bis statements last night before he can claim the right to impugn the honesty or the fairness of others. Telegraphic.— Daring the interruption of the Penang and Rangoon and Penang and EtfadraB cables telegrams for the extreme East will be forwarded by way of India to Rangoon, id d thence by steamer to Penang. The dura tion of passage will be four or five days. Ehe addresses and tariff are without change, idyices from Berne notify that new tele jraphic stations have been opened at Lagos ind Brass, on the West African Coast The tariff is— for Lagos 7b. 9d., and Brass 9s. per irord, in addition to the rate to Lisbon ; also that the Siamese Government ask that do tcore telegrams be forwarded by way of Bangkok during the interruption of the Penang and Madras and Penang and Ran* ;oon cables, as tbe lines are only equal to the ocal traffic. Penang notifies that the steamer for Rangoon leaves thereat 4p.m. ?tn Thursday. Tee September Show.— Although there were some disappointing elements about the September Show of tbe Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society which opened on Thursday, the exhibition was on the whole better than many people anticipated. The ihow of fruits, flowers, vegetables, and dairy produce, if not quite equal to that of last year, was still creditable. The season is a little early for the best of the flowers, Octo ber being regarded as the floral month, bat the professional and amateur groweis suc ceeded in getting together quite a brilliant iisplay of garden treasures. There were some fine fruits in season, and a nice lot of fresh-looking well-grown vegetables. The great weakness of the Show was bo be found in the sections of live Btock, cattle and horses especially; sheep were good. The failure in the live stock depart ment is dne to more than one cause, the com petition being weak in consequence of Borne oi the leading breeders not being represented, and the dull times had something to do with the. .matter. The attendance, though not Equal to that of last season, was by no means bad, and it is gratifying to know that the Society will not Buffer financially to any extent. - Passing Cape Jeevis,— At 1.50 this morn ing the Adelaide, steamer, from Melbourne, was pasBJDg Cape Jervis, inwards. Retuen Excdbsion Tkain.— On Thuia Say : - morning a number of visitors to the Show from Yoike's Peninsula waited on the Commissioner of Public Works ((Hon. L. L. Funier), and asked thac a special. train might be arranged to allow visitors to the Show leaving Adelaide on Saturday afternoon to reach Wallaroo' the same night. The Commissioner, in reply, said that. he had arranged for a Bpecial train to meet the train leaving Adelaide at a quarter to 5 on Satur day at H&mley; Bridge. Uhe v. Stevens.— Counsel for the defen dant in this appeal continued their addresses before the Full Court on Thursday, Sep tember 16, and the case now stands adjourned until Tuesday next. Demolitioit or Old Buildings. — Oae by one the older buildings in the city erected in the very early days of the colony are being pulled down to make way for buildings more suited to our present re quirements. YeBterday the work of de molishing that, block of old buildings standing at tbe junction of King William-street and North-terrace was begun, and in a few days, probably, what are now the oldest buildings in the c'ty will have disappeared, and old colonists will miss another old landmark. The buildings in question were erected about 1838, nearly forty-eight years azo, and with the exception of the portion abutting on to ' King William-street have never been altered. They were first used as the General PoHt-Office, Mr. Henry Watts, the Post master-General, conducting the work of the department there, with the assistance of one clerk.' His brother Captain Watts succeeded him in 1841, and several years afterwards the Post-Office, was removed to the opposite side of the street, to the site now occupied by the Gresham Hotel. At the time it waa bailt it was considered a very comfortable place— in fact for some, years after it was looked upon as a very good building. After it ceatied to be the General Post -Office it was used for some time as a private resi dence, by Mr. Wooldridge, the City Coroner, and then became a school. Since then it has been occupied for many purposes. Tbe Pantheon Boot Factory, for several years oc cupied as Hunt's Labour Office, was first erected over thirty years ago,- and will also come down. The land ib now the pro perty of the Bank of New South Wales, who intend to erect' a' new banking- house on this corner, which will prove an ornament to the street. ?'? '. ? ' . ' ' _' Rifle Volukteeb Force Inspections. — The annual inspections of the various com panieB composing the City Battalion, R. V.F. have been held during the week. On Monday last, at 8 p.m., Brigadier- General Owen, attended by ^'Captain- Adjutant ? Hampson and Staff-Lieutenant De Burgh,' inspected the City and Wbodville and Glen Osmond Companies at the Drillsheds, North-terrace. The muster, considering the numbere on the rolls, was anything but satisfactory, .only, about two-thirds of the actual strength answering to their names. -The drill of both companies was not what it should have been ; but some consideration must be allowed owing to the fact of the companies having to go through the company movements in the diilhhed, which was not large enough. Oa Tuesday evening the Brigadier-General, at tended by the above officers, inspected, tbe Unley, Goodwood, and Parkside Company' at their ' drilhheds, Unley. Here, again', the muster was not luge, there being (including the band) about! the same proportion as the two other . companies had. After going through the manual and firinj exercise the company .was marched on to a piece of vacant land adjoining, where the various company movements were carried ont in a fairly successful manner, showing a marked improvement on the drill at last year's inspection. On Wednesday, at 8.30 p.m., the Port Adelaide Company was in spected by the Brigadier-General at the Drill Bheds, North-terrace ; the'muater, including the officers, -was twenty- two, oat of forty eight on Hie rolL This™ company ib known to those interested in rifie-»hcotiDg as tbe pre mier shooting company of the V.M.P. and) Jty.F., having carried off in prizee -during thelast two yearn about filEO^ beside* ? various medala and trophies. But it waa evi dent from their drill on Wednesday nlghfi that they had paid more attention to ahoofc-i ing than to drill, for the manner in whictt both' officers and men carried but the jem simple movements waa certainly discredit able, and well merited the remarks of tha General when he addressed them, pointing out .that the average attendance afe compulsory drills of the members during the year was only 2J per cent; On Thursday night, at the JSorth-terracj Drillsheds, the Eastern Suburban Com* pany assembled. When the roll was called! it was found that 92 men ont of 102 (total strength) were present ; out of this number, 7 were on leave. Thus 3 only remained to bo accounted for ; this, compared with thej attendance of the other companies of tha City Battalion, shows greatly to the credit o£ the Eastern Suburbans. At 8 shan) tha company received tbe Inspecting Officer Brigadier-General Owen (who had with him Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely, Captain- Adjutant HaropsOD, and Staff- Lieatenant De Burgh)* and were afterwards put through various company movements, in which they showtdi their steadiness and proficiency in drill. Tha General in his' remarks stated that he was well pleased with the company. It was *rt pleasure to inspect such a well-drilled com* pany, one which he considered was on tha highway to efficiency ; it certainly was thtt best company, not only in the City Battalion* but in the whole of the R.V.F., and ha truBted that it would strive to maintain that position. Nxxt Week's Land Sales.— The only landl for Bale at the Land Office daring the forth coming week consists of two sections oE country and improved land in the Hundred of Willochra on Tuesday, September 2L The land is situated 4 miles north-easterly front Wilmington, and is 48 and Si acres re spectively. The Marine Boabd.— There was a full meeting of this Board yesterday, the Presi dent having sufficiently recovered to tike hits eeat again. It waa decided to inform the Coasters' Association that the question o£ liebt dues could not be reopened at present* but the small craft might use their own cbaina and anchors for mooring provided! they did not obstruct the fairway. Refer ring to the collision the Potosi met with en her voyage out, it was pointed out that she was not obliged to report the matter here if she had reported elsewhere, and the preBump tion -was that she had done bo, having called at Aden, a British port. A loDg discussion took place on the reply of the captain of the Mendoza to the charge of neglecting to carry sidelights preferred by his crew. The master said he showed lights whenever he, 'a shipmaster of forty years' experience, deemed! it receBBary for the safety of the ship and to carry out the law.' Captains Legoe and M cCoy and Mr. Neill took the stand that as the offence waB a most common one, committed] by the great majority of shipmasters, the law should not be carried ont, but that the cap tain be merely cautioned, Mr. JNeill moving; to that effect, Mr. Smith moved an amend ment that the case be taken before the Court. Be was loyally supported by the President and MesBTB. Formby, Muecke, and Lindaay, with the result that the case will be placed in the Crown Solicitor's hands. Death or Me. S. P. fl. Wright.— Iho death is announced of Mr. S. P. H. Wright, of Glenorohy, Tasmania. The deceased gentle man was a much-respeoted resident in South Australia for many yean, during which he was a member of the well kDOwn firm of Wright Brothers, land agents. About twenty years ago be retired from business and went to live in Tasmania, . where he punned the hop cultivation industry on a large Boalo at Glenorchy, near Hobait. Mr. Wright's operations as a hop grower were of a very extensive character, and helped to bring hia name pro minently before the TaBmanian people, by whom he waa universally re spected. In this colony he never took any active part in politics, although he took an interest in the education question, and was for Borne time a member of the Educa tion Board, In Tasmania, however, he has exercised himself largely in questions of State importance, the education system of that colony being one Bubject in which he dis played particular interest. He died at Glenorohy, in Tasmania, on Wednesday; and leaves four sons and four daughters. Mrs. H. D. O'Halloran is a daughter, and MeBBiH. E. Amand Wright, of the Olives, Glenelc; E. W. Wright, of the firm of W»ght, Reed, & Beaver, architects ; Frede rick Wright, of Adelaide ; and Mr. Arthur J. Wright, General Manager of the Imperial Fire Insurance Company in Australia, Mel bourne, are brothers ; Mrs. P. D. Prankerd and Mrs. Richard Hicks, both now resident in England, are slaters of the deceased. Stud Merino Sheep.— This morning Messrs. Liston, Shakes, & Co. will hold an auction Bale of pure-bred Merino aheepat Mr. Boase'a Bazaar, Cnrrie-Btreet. The animals are the purest-bred Merinos, and have been imported from the flocks of Messrs. Gibson & Son, of Scone, and Mr. W. H. Gibson, of Fturfield, Tasmania, for the express purpose of being Bold. Both breeders are well known to sheep farmers all over Australia on Recount ot the remarkably fine animals produced on their stations. At various times sales have been held in several of the Australian capitals, and prices reaching as much as £500 have been paid for their sheep. The collection which will be offered to-day comprises 21 rams from 2 to 3 years old and 7 two-year-old ewes. They are all handsome sheep, with heavy fleeces of from eleven to thirteen months' growth. The wool is very long* exceptionally silky in appearance and to the toncb, and ia particularly lustrous, It ia estimated that the fleece of one of the ewea -would weigh fully 18 lb., bo dense is tha growth. From the kneea upwards the quantity of wool is extraordinary for this class of sheep, and over the nose and on the cheekB it is as plentiful aa on the back of ordinary animals. All of the ewes are pretty/ and their lineage can be traced to some of the finest Btock in Tasmania. The rams, too, are physically of abnormal proportions* while their wool ib even finer than that of the majority of their female companions in the yards. A catalogue has been prepared ' which sets out the pedigrees of the sires, and from it we gather that without excep tion the sheep are highly bred. They arrived! at Port Adelaide on Friday laBt, and wera quarantined until Tuesday, when they were removed to the Bazaar, which has been pro claimed a temporary quarantine ground.' Large numbers of sheep-fanciers have in spected them, and their expressions are gene rally of the moat gratifying character as to the excellence of the anitrals. Collision between the S.S. Potosi and Indus.— The Orient liner Potosi, which arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday, hai' a very narrow escape from disaster eaily in the voyage out. We learn from a pasEengerfl. the captain not having reported the mattes on arrival here, that the steamer left Ply mouth onAugust6, and on Snnday afternoon,. August 8, a heavy drizzle and thick fog set; in, just as the' steamer was entering the Baj» of Biscay. Ab night advanced tbe fog became bo thick that it was quite impossible* to Bee a ship's length ahead, so the engines were Blowed down to dead alow. About half-past 5 the man on the lookout! heard the noise and noticed the lights of a Bteamer coming dead on to tha PotOBi. The helm was put hard a-port,. and the stranger, which turned out to ba the Indus, trading between Marseilles and' London, doing the same, the bowB of each, vessel struck the other on the slant, ?tha boats of the Indus were cut adrift and thrown into the Bea, while some planks were cut off trie bottom of thePotosi'a boats, and her venti lating skylight and part of the hatchway were smashed, as the Indus was travelling at the rate of at least 10 knots an hour. Ifc appeared at first aa though the two vessels would clean cut each other in tha centre of the bows. If that had been the caBe« there can be no doubt that a dreadful disaster would; have been ,the; freBult. The passengers on board the 'Potost were just Bitting down to tea when the colli sion took place; and the ladiea were in a great state of excitement and consternation. Many fainted, and it was only the ooblness of the Orient liner's officers that prevented apaoioi' blame to the Indu8,-which was going itfll . r«pe«l, m* a^thTc^fb^and toert ihat , the- : 'skipper cf the AiiBtralian-l-ourd ^teasel acted' witli tia ntmoati promptitude, and before the collision had occnrred. took such precautions u he thought iould prevent the ;poaaibU[ty of such a thin? occurring. The thickness of the fog may be estimated from the fact that; the P. & O. liner Ravenna was' lying, within speaking distance of the Potosi while the collision was taking place, bat each steamer was unaware of the other's dose- proximity until the fog lifted. Daring the - yoyaze oat no farther casualty occurred on. the Poto3i, and the damage done was repaired as quickly as possible. ; Witasd Huhocb.— On Tuesday, evening Mr. J. Sibb&ld; gave a very interesting aad- amusing lecture on ' Wit and Humour' in Trinity Church . Schoolroom, ' under . the auspices of the Trinity Literary, Society) There was a fair attendance, arid the Bew_ R. Beid (President) presided. ; A hearty vote - of thanks waa passed to the lecturer. ' ; A.O.F.— The Superintendents *?f ;the Juve nile Courts of Foresters in the,' city -and subuiba intend having a tea: and concert in the Town Hall on Tuesday, October 5. Their object is to bring under the notice of the pnblic the juvenile branches' of the' Ancient Order of ForeaterB and the benefit' they, confer en their members. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide has consented to take the chair. EOAUS VS THB HtflTDBED OP ENGLISH.— On Thursday Mr. Caatine, M. P., presented a' petition from foity- nine residents of the Hundreds of English and Neaiea to the Com missioner of Crown Lands, asking that when the Surveyor came to their district he would survey some more roads, as they had been informed that a petition was to be presented to the Commissioner, asking if the travel ling-stock reserve was to be surveyed inio homestead blocks, and if this waa done they would need various crossroads to reach their property, which is situ ated on both sides of the reserve, and as there is a great traffic of stock oa fchn reserve, and large mobs are continually pass ing to the Eudunda Railway Station, andthh traffic will continue after the reserve is sold, it will be necessary for some roads to be made. The Commissioner promised to give the matter Ma early attention. Forest Reserve rs the Huhdred o* Hall. — On Thursday Messra. Coles and Moody, M.P.'s, presented to the Coaroti sioner of Crown Linda a petition from 20 re eidenta of the Hundred of Hall, statin'; that a meeting of ratepayers was held oa Satur day, September 11, and the following resolu tions were passed — ' That it is undesirable that the reserve in the Hundred of Hall should be let on leaae ;' ' That the Commasioner be requested to have the reserve subdivided into blocks for grazing and cultivation par poses.' The Commissioner of Crown Linda promised to obtain a report on the subject. Suicide at Mabbabel. — Oa '. Monday evening an inquest was held by Mr. W. H. Duncan, J.P., at the Marrabel Hotel on the body of William. Harding, who that morning had been found hanging in a shed at the back of bis residence. The ?evidence showed that the deceased had been in low spirits for some months past on account of ill -health and, want of work, but hi3 behaviour had 'A roused no suspicion of any suicidal 'intedtiona He waa Ia3t ceen alive by his wife about twenty minutes past 8 o'clock bn Moad^y morning. She went to Marrabel for the p lr pose of getting medicine, and ahoilly af ser her return found him lying in the shed. The Jury returned a verdict that deceased had come to his death through hanging himself when in an unsound state of mind. August Laud Sales.— The receipts at the Treasury in August on account of land sales, amounted to £9,034 4s. 5d., the particulars being as followB :— Balances from, previous sales, £557 9s. 7d.; scrub leases, &&, £537 ; completion of purchase of 4,616 acres under Act 14 of 1868 9, &c;, £5,892 ! la. 7d.;' payment of portion of purchase-money, £814 7a. 85.; payment of 10 per cent, deposit on account of purchase-money ,£456 10a. ; extensions, &c;, £756 15s. 7d. The cash sales were 557 acres, purchase- money £557; .credit Bales, 3,232 acres, purchase-money £3,618. The land sold on lease during the month waa :— Pastoral leases, 251,080 acres, annual rental £52 2s. 3d.; miscellaneous leases, 3I,422£ acres, annual rental £345 ; agricultural and grazing leases, 20,505 acres, annual rental £311 5s.; working men's blocks, 872J acres, annual rental £68 15s. lid. Eaewail— Up to 9 a.m. on Thursday, September 16:— Port Darwin, 1*200; Fannie Bay, 1D80 ; Southport, 0'040 ; Euola, 0130. WoMJts ahd thb DociOBS.— The British Medical Association (writes our London, correspondent on August 13) is holding its fifty-fourth annual meeting this week at Brighton. The President of the year is Dr. Withere- Moore, Senior Physician to the chief local hospital, who being, he said, 'neither a specialist nor a scientist,' chose the so-called 'Higher Education of Women' —a topic, in his opinion, 'at once popu lar and professional' — as the leading theme of his opening address delivered under the dome of George IV. 'a pavilion. Bearing in mind the work actually done by women for many years past, las well as the amount of free and fair dissuasion on ques tions affecting their position to which we are. accustomed in these modern, times, the one sidedness and triteness of this' good doctor's homily, perorated by the quotation at full length of King Solomon's description of an ideal wife drawn in the last chapter of Proverbs, are truly amazing, espe . cially in view of the circumstances under, which it waa uttered. He asks—' 'Will it be well that our women should be equipped and encouraged to enter into the battle of life Bhonlder to shoulder and on equal terms with men?' The old idea was that ' women Bhouldbe shielded and sheltered from that rude battle altogether,' but if things are to be changed 'all that courtesy did to make. life beautiful must indeed be held finally to have passed away.' Again, ' Woman was formed to be man's helpmate, not his rival; heart not head; entainer not leader,' and eo on through many a passage. The reason why Dr. Withers- Moore would make woman's position a fixed and non projjresaive one is summed up in these words — ' This higher education will hinder those who might have been the best mothers from being mothers at all, or if it does not hinder them it will spoil them.' He con eiders that woman's business in life is; to bear and nurae children. Brain work, ? he contends, lessens the natural 'power to'1 fulfil these functions ; therefore women should be encouraged to study the development of their bodies rather than of their minds.: Then follows a passage devoted to jaat condemnation of cramming colleges and long school hours for growing girls.; But this is irrelevant to the question originally raised, which is not how female children Bhould be raised np to 16 yeara of age, but whether the exceptional grown woman, who desires to study, either as a means to a future livelihood or from pure love of knowledge, should be forced back into the overstocked matri monial market, or constrained to swell the ranks of more or less idle single gentlewomen. For many yeara past the exceptional woman and her friends have been pointing out that large numbers of their sex cannot get married and become fireside angels, and that their hope is to see the alternative life which is open to them freed from barriers isJsed either by law or prejudice. Yet persons who would argue most.guestions in a sufficiently reasonable manner will continue to stand up and talk as if there was a home waiting for every eligiblegirl to step into, and that Bhe had but to choose between its sweet domesticity and a wilful handto hand battle with the world. Even the TimtSt which does not ardently supper women's rights, is beginning to recognise twaddle in such deliverances. HasihkBbitibhSeamakDkcbeioeatbo?— The following is taken from a recent English . paper:— 'At the opening ol the Sailor?* Home at Gravesend the Chairman, Mr. Thomas Gray, C.R, -who b one of the AsaistentSecretarfes of the Board of Trade, gave an address to seaman. He said thai he had been intimately connected with the Mercantile Marine for something like thirty en yean. During the whole of that time he cad felt a great interest in British seamen, and during the last twenty years he had been engaged io niany wjiys actively in co-operating with friendajpir^heir/b^half. He had had , to, deal with two question 9 — 'Has British MercanT. tile ' Jack beco me aftij^eiher wo rasr t n\u be was ? and l Why are foreign seameVemployed ih: British \ ships in ' preference to' hiru ?' He had pushed his enquiries far and wide— .' obtained the opinions of shipowners, ship masters, overlookers, ships' husbands; Superintendents of Mercantile Marine offices had looked at the mpneyrbooks 'to learn the amount of money British aaambn sent home to their friends by means of money-ordera and by means of the 'Mid^e' system, and what they deposited in the Savings Bank, and looked through the long list of rewards and medals given and con stantly being given to British seamen for heroic services rendered by them. The conclusion, was that the British seaman: had not deteriorated. The majority of British seamen had greatly improved in those respects which made them of value as eood citizens and creditable members of the community. But there were inferior seamen, and the good seamen had becoms more and more separated from them. Why were^ foreieners so largely employed? The inferior seaman waa worse, more numerous; and his number is increasing. He wj3 not \ only unfit as a seaman or fireman, bat1 as a man he was dishonest. On the contrary, the Danes, Swedes, ' N orwegianB, ,and Germany like the better clas3 of British seamen, j piped. their ships sober, at the proper tune, endea vburedhonestiy to fulfil the [terms jot their agreement, were obedient- to orders; 'well provided with' cloShes; ' and did -not de3ert t abroad. The British' shipmaster and 'owner assured him that- they' did. -b^ employ foreigners because ..they' * were' ' foreigners; nor because they were cheaper.: The owners told him that they paid foreigners, and pro? .'- vided the same food as British seamen serv ing in the same' ship. : They employed foreigners because there -wereL riot enough - good trustworthy British seamfni ; He did not like the foreigner to be ; in theiBritisH Mercantile Marine. He would ? do anything in reason to get him out of it; He-was there because British commerce ' ' could : not be carried oa . . _ Lwithbut his ' ' help,' and would never be -crippled, merely to enable drunken and disreputable men who chose to call themselves seamen to obtain money to spend in debauchery.1 The whole problem could ber solved in. one way only, and that would be the survival of Jthe fittest If .Mercantile Jack made hiniseif fit to flurvive he would survive, and'they would hear no more of foreigners in the service. He asked the seamen present to tell their weaker fellow-seamen the truths that he had endeavoured ai a landsman to convey, per suade them to join some Temperance Society, and above all to join and stick to their ships and save their wages.' A Monster Pirrrnox Agaejsi Alcohol akd Opium.— In the interests of various, causes' some lengthy petitions have recently been presented to the;H6use of Commons; but the document in: course of preparation by the World's -Women's Temperance^ Union (says the -Pati MaU Gazette) wiR probably take a' leading place in the history of monster petitions,; This International Union, 'half a 'dozen or so of whose officers — all ladies, of course — reapec tively reside in London, San Francisco, Chicago, Ontario, Honolulu, Christchurch (New Zealand), Berlin, and Antwerp, is this year presided over by' Mrs. Lucav the sister of John Bright. It an nounces its 'watchwords' as ' Agitate ! organize !' and its objects' ' the' overthrow of the use and' sale of stimulants and narcotics the world around.' With a view to the advancemens of these principles, it has been resolved to secure a gigantic petition 'to the Governments of the world, col lectively and severally,' ' which will be signed by women only, and be translated into the language of every nation and be circulated in every country. The complete ' list of the names secured will be presented to' each Go vernment, commencing with the American Congress and the Dominion and British Parliaments. It is estimated that at least five years will be required to complete the petition, which is to represent . as . fully as possible ' the women of the whole world.' A Continental lady, who will subsequently proceed to Scandinavia for the .same purpose, is now in England making arrangements for obtaining the signatures of the women of Great Britain. This remarkable , petition begins— ' Honoured Rulers, Representatives, and Brothers— We your petitioners, although belonging to the physically weaker sex, are strong of heart to love our homes, our native land, and the world's family of nations,' It goes oa to point out that 'when the brain of man is clear his- heart- is kind; his home is - happy, his country ia prosperous, and the world grows friendly,' while alcoholic 'stimulants and- opiums 'make misery for' man' and all the world.* It concludes thus :^ We, therefore, come to you with the united voices of representative women of .every civilized nation under the sun,, beseeching you to strip away the safeguards' ind'sanctua of the law from the 'drink' traffic and the opium trade, and to protect our homes by the total prohibition of this twofold curse of civilization throughout all the territory over which your Government extends/' BrvsB Levels. — The following figures show the state of the rivers at the undermen tioned places at 9 a.m. on Thursday, Sep tember 16:— Murray — Wahgunyah, 16 ft. 4 in.; Echuca, 20 ft. 6 in.; Swan Hill, 11 ft. 8 in. ; Euston, 11 ft. ; Overland Corner, 8 ft. 2 in. Murrumbidgee— Gundagai, 7ft 6 in. ; Wagga Wagga, 9 ft. 6 in. ; Hay, 10 ft. 8 in., falling;' Balranald, 11 ft. 6 in. Darling— Bonrke, 37 ft. 1 in., rising ; ? Tilpa, 38 ft 3 in., fallipg; Wilcannia, 33 ft 10 in., rising; Menindie, 24 ft, 11 in., rising; Pooncarie,21 ft. 9 in. ; Wentworth, 13 ft 7 in. Namoi and Barwon — Mungnndi, 25 -ft 6 in., falling; Mogil, banker, falling ; Namoi, 24 ft 10 in., falling; Barwon at Walgett, 36 ft 6 in., falling; Brewarrina, 3? ft 6 in., falling. .Culgoa— Goodoga, 7 ft 8 in., falling. Fbekthougkt Lectitbb. — Mr. Selby, the freethought lecturer, ia advertised to lecture on Sunday evening in the Albert Hall, Pirie street. This gentleman is making a tour through the Australasian Colonies, and we are informed that while in some of the sister colonies he had several interesting public debates with prominent defenders of Coris tianity. The most notable of these were a four-nights' debate with the Rev. J. Evans, Baptist minister in Newcastle, New South Wales, a two-nighta' debate with John Buchanan, the representative of the Auck land Christian Evidence Society, and with Mr. H. J. Lewis, Congregational minister. Nelson, Few Zealand. Mr. Selby ia reported to be an eloquent and persuasive speaker. Employes' Outisg. — The employes of Mr. Charles Wilcox had their annual out ing on Wednesday, September 15. Early in the morning they, with their wives and children, about 110 in number, were taken in three vans, decorated with sheaves of hay and other things emblematic of the trade, to a paddock at Kensington belonging to Mr. H. Hughes. The day was spent in various kinds of games. The weather being fine they had a moat enjoyable time. At the close of the day warm expressions of esteem wera accord 3d to Mr. Wilcox for his kindness, and satisfaction expressed at tie good feeling among all parties. Uniox Parliament. — The usual fort nightly meeting of this Association was held on Thursday evening in theOddfellbwa' Hall, Franklin-Btreet There were thirty members present Dr. Eees moved— 'That in the opinion of this House elementary education up to the compulsory standard should be free in South Australia.' After an interesting discussion extending over an hour and a half the motion was by leave withdrawn. Mr. J. Tassje moved— 'That Commiaaiona in con nection with the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition be appointed in London and in Adelaide by the Government, and that the sum of £5,000 be placed at the disposal of Buch Commis sions. ' On a division being taken it was found that there was not a quorum and the question lapsed. New Fibm.— It is announced ia our auction columns that Mr. J. G. Jenkins, of Fhndera-atreet, and Mr. a G. Gurr, for many years managing clerk for Messrs. Bruce, Aldndge, & Co., have entered into partnership, and will carry on the business of auctioneers, valuators, &c;, in the premises known aa the Grenfell-street Auction Mart adjoining the Register Office. ' THE Yacast^ Aldebmanship.— Nomina- tions- for the position of Alderman,' rendered vacant by the resignation of Alderman Davis, will be received at the Adelaide Town Hall up to noon to-day. Bots' Bbigabe. — At 8 o'clock to-nizht Mr. Bastard will give a lecture on ' Swimming' to the Brigade boys at the Brigade-rooms. ObpHAN Home.— The annual meeting will be held a! the Church Office this afternoon. 