As the jiroliable pj-elude to impor tant changes in the fiscal policy of the colony. Mr. J. T. Annear's motion in favor of building our own locomotives deserves a word ofnotice. Although tlie change is advocated primarily in the interests of the tawny Ipswich guild, who at one time divided with Queen- street the pleasure and the profit of ruling the colony, and Tvho.se interests our senior member has always repre sented, for auld lang syne's sake, with thrice the zeal and the pertina city that he has ever displayed on behalf of the constituency whom he nominally represents, his motion none the less commends itself to the approval of an industrious commu nity like ours. Glibly as Mr. An near talks in the portion of his speech that is specially aimed at his Ipswich pals, about the advantage accruing to the Government from Mr. Horni blow-s daily supervision, it is quite clear, from the general tenor of his remarks, how well he is aware that this 'gag for the gallery:' will not go down with Parliament. He is quite sagacious enough to know that any government, whatever its lean ings. that dared to galvanise back into life the yellow conspiracy against the public peace, of wliich Ipswich was at one time the headqua'iters, by conferring on that sectarian pande monium a monopoly of the steam rolling stock needed for our railways, would seal their own doom within a fortnight. Equally well does he know that the other alternative pro posed — or rather implied, by him — for our senior member, with all his blow and bluster, is as slippery as an eel where plain speech might prove inexpedient — he knows that the alternative of creating a similar monopoly for Sutton and Co. or any other Brisbane firm would cost the colony at least as much more in shipping freights on ironwork des- tined for central or northern ports, as the price of any contract given to them would necessarily exceed that at which it could be executed in England. All that portion of the honorable member's spcech, then, that was recited for the special grati- , lication of his professional friends, might just as well have been left out, for any 'particular result that it ? ? might be expected to bang about. And if tlifer-to.$ratlit milftjj^xtra ordiniiry statements voluhfcajjed him eouceruing the origin of jn'otyfjq'' tion in the United States, th^ir national debt, and the protec tionist policy of France, Germany, l?ussia and Italy, had been omitted, his speech would have been equally convincing and much more to the purpose. By dragging iu all this irrelevant matter he succeeded in raising the ghost of a protection rer us freetrade debate, which will probably refuse to be laid before the close of t he present week, since this kind of controversy is one ou which the most, vacuous of the array ot windbags who repeat, 'nutui ' to the ministerial '?budget,'' imagines himself competent to have his little say. We have al ready stated our opinion that under the mongrel aud inconsequent system of taxation by which we are being bled there is no defined principle left to light tor : that debates of the above character are, consequently, a mere waste of time. But even were it otherwise, aud did the recasting of this or that item iu our twrifl' really involve a question of greater impor tance than filling a blank in the Treasury or catching a doubtful vote or two. the question raised iu Mr. Annear's motion is not one of protec tion or freetrade at all. We have always held that to be well aud faith fully served iu any purchases the Go vernment may have occasion to make, they should be in a position to exercise the fullest aud most vigilant, contrpl over the vendors. But such control, at a distance of 12,000 miles from the place of purchase, is impos sible. The most zealous and ener getic of Agents-General is helpless under the widely ramified iulluences brought to bear on him by compet ing or combining, and iu both cases mostly unscrupulous firms. Just as the paterfamilias iu a household is generally the last to hear of the things that most nearly concern his conjugal or parental peace, so the unfortunate envoy of a c.mliding ' colony is he from whor.i nil genuine: information concerning current values, the tendencies aud tricks of i trade, the chance of lighting on an ! advantageous bargain, every; Iii ng. iu short, that could prove uselui to him iu conducting purchases on behalf of j his government, is most carefully withheld. If he would these and j other things, the knowledge of which ' might prove desirable, he must sedu lously conceal his official character. aud pursue his enquiries with the secrecy of a .Jew broker who scents a coming rise or fall. But siuce few colonial Agents-Geueral have had the diplomatic aud detective training that would qualify them to enact, with any success, tlie part of Daniel in the lion's den, the consequence is they get egregiously taken in over every mercantile or manufacturing trans action in which they are condemned to bear a part, aud the taxpayers of the colony they represent have to pay the piper. And ever since the Australian Ageuts- General have been encouraged to regard them selves as important intermediaries between the Oolouies and the Im perial Government, to meddle with all sorts of delicate international questions, and pester the authorities with volunteer advice aud pro tests in season and out of season, the humbler and more practical part of their functions, ill-performed as it always has beeeu, may lie expected to go from bad to worse, until it ceases to occupy their attention at all. It is, on the whole, cheaper for the Colonial Governments to pay 25 or even 50 per cent more for such plant as it may lequire and have it done on the spot and under care ful and honest supervision, than ap parently to save that percentage and be made to pay through the nose for bad workmanship, misunderstood sdecifications, cost of transport aud the thousand aud one accidents that intervene between the giving and the completion of au order at so great a distance. And had Mr. Aunear confined himself to arguing out his motion on this basis, he would have had the sympathy of every well wisher to the colony. But while disclaiming any reference to the merits of production, he must needs drag in the whole question by the head and shoulders, and other : members with equal inconsequence, following his lead, the debate re solved itself iuto a pitiable iteration of the well-worn arguments for and ^gainst, accordingly as each prosy nonentity in succession imagined that his leanings tended. The re sult was a mass of gabble, of which a third-rate village debating society might feel asJiamed, and in which | the one relieving feature was the I clear and sensible speech of the ever ' practical Mr. Macrossan. With tbe strong common sense that charac terises the late Minister for Works, he successfully showed that the dif ference in cost of Colonial made iron work could be minimised by distri buting the orders fairly among the various foundries, and thus to a great extent saving the expense of moving the finished article from one part of the colony to the other. It is a pity that the debate was not al lowed to close on this suggestion, and the session brought one stage nearer Xo its end. The result would have been iu any case the same, even though each retailer at third hand of inverted Mill and eviscerated Kicardo had missed the opportunity of posing— in 'Hansard' — as an original authority on economic science. 