MKS. MULCAHY^S STORY. ' THE SPECTRAL HORSEMAN.' Instead of beginning her tale at once, Mrs. Mnlcahy addressed haself to our hospitable ' Have yon .ever heard of the white horse man or bt Helen's, Mr. .uawson r she said. ' Yes, Mrs. Mnicahy, I have not only heard of him, bnt I have seen him.' 'You are not the first wbo has told me the same thing. You will believe what I am going to teU yon, then, having seen what yon did.* ' Yes, Mrs. Mulcahy,' interposed the Bank Clerk; 'but I never heard of this white horseman. Who is he, or who was he : what about him ?' - ' Mr. DawBon who saw him will tell yon.' 'The white horseman of St. Helen's,' re marked that gentleman, 'was a man on a white horse, who was often seen on the run, bat whom no one could get speech of. My own case was like that of many others I have beard of. We were taking np some cattle that way, and two of our horses had strayed. I went out on their track, bat lost it, aod was making a castronnd in the way I thought they fiHwt- have gone, when X saw a man on a white hone about a quarter of a mile away. He was moving in the way I meant to go, and I rode on to ask him if he had seen the horses. A clump of U.i trees intervened between us as I went forward, and when I got beyond them there was no one to be seen. There was not a tree, or ebrnb, or hollow in which he conld have concealed himself, and then I knew I had Been the famous white horseman.' ' After that yon will believe what I am going to tell you,' Mrs- Mulcahy remarked, and then went od with her etory. It ib & good many yean now since X came out from Erin's lovely home, and almost a* many Bince Denis Mulcahy induced me to come out West. We were engaged tocether for Pelican Lagoon Station. It had been newly formed then, and, indeed, the dwelling house was built after we went to it. Mr. Daxcoant, the squatter, was not a bad sort of master. He was not always on the watch to drive his hands, the food was plentiful and fairly good as things went, and our money was always paid when doe. Bat no one ever cared for him, somehow. There was something about him cold and forbidding. We served him for our money, and that was all. Half-a- year he was away in Melbourne, and when he came back it was to make preparations for the reception, of (L mistress on the station. He Left and came back with a nice young lady, whom I was proud and pleased to welcome. She was so sweet tempered, well-mannered, and obliging, that I eoon loved her dearly, and laving no other woman to apeak with about the loose, she told me much, of her aflairB. I soon liscovered she was full of respect and dutiful less to her husband, bnt that she had no real love for him. This made me surmise the naniage was one of convenience more than ^Section. She amused herself with music, and leedlevrork, and reading. A year passed pleasantly, and then she began to weary, and ong to Bee her father. She coaxed her hus band to take her a trip to Melbourne, but he always put it off on one plea or another. One day she came to me radiant with the news that tier father was coming up to stay a time with them. I never heard her ring and play so gaily as on the evening of the day when the news came. ' Drops o' Brandy,' ** Barney Brallaghan,' and 'St. Patrick's Day,' were tunes X did not know she could play till that night. At the time expected he arrived. He was to appearance a bale old man. His affec tion for Mb daughter it did one good to sec, and she repaid it with ample interest. For a time they were very happy. Then the old man took 01. What ailed him he could not understand, nor could the doctor, who was brought all the way from ? to see him. Medicines did him no good. He was about to leave for Melbourne when he was completely prostrated by his complaint. He gradually Bank, and at last died. It was a ead time in the house then. I thought my poor young mistress's heart would break. We boned the old gentleman in a corner of tie garden, where he had loved to sit with Mb daughter, and she planted flowers around bis grave. Soon after his death both Mr. and Mrs. Davenant went to Victoria to look after property there, of which the latter hid become poaaessed at her father's death. They were away eome time, and on their return there was no apparent change in the etate of their feelings towards each other. She was always pleasant and agreeable ; he ever «rar and dWppointing, never complaining, yet never satisfied. Time wore on, and my second baby was beginning to mn abont and prattle when Mrs. Davenant became ill as her father had been* She had the same sort of pains, retchings, and weak ness. The master always kept the key of the medicine chest, and made up draughts for her, which sometimes had a soothing effect. .At last I became suspicions all was not right, and I then noticed bow careful Mr. Davenant was to attend bis wife, when she wanted anything to eat and drink. Several things I saw went to increase my suspicion. Just then — about that time — one of the girls who had been over at the boundary ridera* one evening, came in with a white face, ft&ying; she had seen old Mr. Collins riding outside, near tbfi dwelling house. It was not dark, and Bhe had not the least donbt her eyes did not mislead her. Then one of the men saw him quite distinctly riding towards the house. Mrs. Davenant was very ill one day, and I was in great grief about her, because her husband was always there, and ', could 3*y nothing or do nothing but he h&urd; or saw. In the dusk I had a message over to Mrs. LovedayX and coming back I saw Mr. Collins as plain as ever I s&v; him in life. He looked at me with such sad piteous eyes that I understood he was saying, 'Can yon not save Martha ?' — that was Mrs. Davenant, whom be always called by her girl name. My heart beat, and in spirit I answered, ' Yes, yes.' He smSed and rode away. My mistress recovered from that attack of fllnesE, and taking an opportunity' when the master was ont one day, Ispoke to her about the medicines not being each as *he needed, and adviied her to give np foM^g tf-^m. She looked at me earnestly and wistfully, and then asked nm if I suspected anytidng, 'What or whom could I suspect?' I asked. This seemed to set her **»*iWng Then I told her abont seeing her father, but she was in no way surprised. Having heard all I had to say she said he came to her often, bat she always fancied she most be dreaming, or that her trouble had gone to her head. Now she thought of it he had always looked angrily towards the medicine vessels. Once the ice was broken on t.his- subject, «h«* told me she had always been £11 after noticing a pecu liar taste in things she received from her h us band. ' It did not matter*' she said, ** though her life were ended, as she had now nothing to live for,' and she wept. Once when in this mood she told me she had married to please her father, who had a threat desire to see bis daughter wedded to * squatter, lord of many acres, and countless herds of stock. Now she felt her husband had looked more to her father's wealth, than her attractions or happi ness in entering1 into the union. She became very sad, and resigned to her fate. Had it not been that I had my husband, my children, and my housework to take up my time and thoughts, I should have become bad myself. My husband, also, had seen old Mr. Collins, and a strange feeling and fear prevailed on the station. One night I saw him quite plain directing me with his hand to the dwelling honse. I went in at once, and found the mistress very ill. The master made light of the attack, but some mustard and water 1 gave her caused her to vomit. She had immediate relief. The master (-aid nothing, but at the end of the month told Denis we would have to leave at the end of the quarter. The mistress being delicate, he said, it would be better not to hav£ any children upon the station. I knew that was merely an excuse, that he suspected I knew too much, but neither of us said any thing. Shearing came on that month. The mistress kept well, and in the hurry and bustle of so many men abont the place, the evil day we dreaded was lost sight of. The master was out in the shed, apparently busy and inter ested. Among the men who came to the station seeking a job was a handsome young fellow, who gave his name as Forbes. Denis took notice of him first, because ol the splendid thoroughbred bay horse he rode. Though evidently off a journey, and out of condition, in the opinion of the boundary rider and him self it conld give the master's best points, and put it in the shade. Forbes was not a shearer, bat in other work he was all there, and Denis iaid could handle a sheep with any man in the thed. He-was -(Ha!lfeUowweQinet-* among the Den, and was a general favourite. One sight ie discovered Denis's fiddle in our place, and lad it off to the men's quarters at once. Soon re heard him tune it, and then the whole shed rang with the chorus of ' Marching down to 3-3orgia,' 'Dixie's Land,' and 'John Brown*' Every night, after work was over, washing lone, supper discussed, the cry was, ' Hey, Did man, let's have some music' One day bhere had been a big row in the shed, and a tot-tempered fellow had made to put his shears in another. There was no call for music that night, but Forbes got ont bis fiddle all the same, and played 'Home, sweet, home,' ' Auld Robin Gray/' and ?? Kfllarney,' bo sweetly there was not another angry word that night. He came down after wards to the kitchen, where Denis and I were, and gave us one air I can almost remember yet. It was lite this— and Mm. Mnicahy itinuned the tone. 'That's not right, Mrs. Malcahy,' ex claimed Miss Holloway, bnt it is something like, ' Thou art so near and yet so for.' As soon as be bad finished, Mrs. Mukahy vent on, Mrs. Davenant gave a peculiar zing of her bell, by which I knew she wanted me. The master was in his office, and the miatress was lying on the conch in the dining-room looking out at the rising moon. As I entered, feeble as she was, she started np, and whis pered— ' Who played that air on the violin just now.' ' One of the men bom theshed,' I replied. ' Do yon know his name.' ' Forbes, he says it is.' 'Only Forbes: David Forbes Lindsay,' she muttered to herself. ' *Will yon let me see him to-morrow, Bridget.' She always gave me my mqi-^«*Ti name. When I returned to tie kitchen Forbes was running his bow over the fiddle, but his eyes that at once I read his secret. A glance from me, and off went the fiddle joyously with the lively air of ' Kate Kearney.' Next morning Mrs. Davenant wag op and dressed before breakfast At noon when the men were blocked off for dinner, Forbes came down to speak with me, and we stood onbide the kitchen door, which was within sight of the dining-room, where Mr. and HraTfkave nant were seated. She took one of her ill tarns at dinner thatday, and I had to ran and assist her to bed. - ' Why has he come here, Bridget T she sobbed, as I assisted her to undress; 'was my misery not great enough, that be should come to add to it by Hn^lmg hopes that can never be gratified. Tell my hn.fc«.d to give me a good dose ol medicine, and let me sleep— sleep —sleep.' I soo'ied her, and gave her a little brandy and water, which was much better for her titan the medfrfnp she wanted. In the evening she was calm. Next forenoon she told me tins washer sweetheart, the only man she had erer laved, bat whom her father would not let her hold intercourse with, because he was what was called rather fast She had never told him, bnt she felt he knew that she loved him while giving her hand to ano&ec; She wished me to tell him to go away at once, not to re vive the hopes of other years, bom of Die passion of ardent youth; to spare her the misery of raising thoughts of what might have been. I declined to do anything of tie kind. He was a free man I pled, sad what rizht had she to tell him to go away 1 Her sending such a message, I argued, would be tie very thing to make him BUy. She agreed to let things take thedrcourse. One night Forbes came into the kitchen with hiB eyes standing in hiB head. ' What has happened,' I cried, ffttnViwfr of Denis. 'I have just Been old Mr. Collins,' he answered, 'as plainly as I see yon now. He looked so pleased, but pointed towards the house. Is he not dead ! Who was it I saw ? What does it mean?' Then I told him what he had not learned before, about Mrs. Davenanifs illness, and the appearance of her father's ghost. He listened and thought. 'The wretch,' he exclaimed, 'he killed the old man for bis money, and now he is kill ing her. Would it be a great sin, Mrs. Mnlcahy. to put a bullet through such a man, and let the dingoes bury him ?' 41 Dout ask me snch question,' I said, alarmed at Mr vehemence. He went out, and no more was said, bnt soon after the new doctor from ? came up to see his friend Forbes, who had been throws from his horse, he said, and wassunering from his spine being injured. As the doctor was there, at any rate he was called to see Mrs. Davenant. I vas taimmnni^ into **t* presence of the doctor and master. ' Mrs. Davenant is too weak to stand my enquiries,' the doctor said, 'and Mr. Dave uant does not tiiinb t.h»m necessary : will you answer me some questions ?' Denis and I were on our leave yon will remember, and I bad never cured a rap forthe master. '* Yes,' I auBwered, '? if it's to help make the mistress well again.' The master scowled. Heedless of that, in answer to the doctor, I went on to tell all I knew about old Mr. Collins' illness, and described the symptoms, and the resemblance of Mrs. Davenant's to her fathers trouble. When I stated that she was always ill after taking the medicine she got, Mr. Davenant interfered, told me 1 was saying what was not true, and would not permit the doctor to make any more enquiries. The latter passed no remark, but shut up his nute-book in a way that said, ' I have plenty here.' Karly as the doctor was astir next day Mr. Davenant was up before him, and had gone, the overseer said, to look at some sheep which had been clipped, and were about to set out for a distant portion of the run. After break fast the doctor visited his p***'^ in the men's quarters, and then rode away. About eleven o'clock, when work was in foil swing, he came back is a state of great trepidation and excite: ment. He had been waylaid, and fired npa by & bashruger. Mr, Davenant could cot b found so he went to the overseer, and toll him that while riding through the scrub oi the ridges above the Boonooroo Creek, he h&t; been suddenly called ouby a man with abtacl doth over his face to ' throw np his hands.' Instead of obeying he pulled out his pistol, ant fired at the same instant aa the robber. Thi boll from the pistol of the hitter grazed th- ahoolder of the doctor's horse, which wheelec mad bolted, and as it did so another bullei whistled past them from the boshranger'f weapon. Quickly as all this happened iht doctor was convinced he had wounded his ad versary. He saw him stagger, bat the glanct was momentary. The tale brought the mer from the shed, and caused a commotion. The overseer Bent off a messenger to the shepherd Mr. Davenant was supposed to have gone after. He armed and sent Denis and two othei men with the doctor. The messenger who had gone out after Mr. Davenant was the first to return. He had not visited the shepherd, nor were his tracke visible in that direction* Late in the after noon the word was passed ronnd that the horses were returning. He shed was quickly empty, and the eager crowd beheld a horse litter, bearing a body with a coat thrown orei the face. A dreadful whisper spread : it was Mr. Davenant. A magisterial enquiry was held into the whole matter, and the crime he had committed, the murder he had attempted, and the suicide he had accomplished were made quite clear. His medicine cbfst contained more antimony than was likely to be required for ordinary purposes, and the symptoms of Mr. Collins &nd; Mrs. Davenant pointed to their having been dosed with it The fact of Us having a piece of cloth on his face, and his firing at the doctor, ahoypd hf* -Tife»'^p«i tomnrderiiie latter to prevent the enquiry he might cause to be made. Ths doctor h**^ dot him through the neck, and when heeacaped, Mr.Bavenantknow inghtfxnmM be tracked^ discovered, and exposed to infamy had blown his own brains out. It fell tone to break the news of her hus band's doth to Mrs. Dfcvemuit. She was very weak, but I told fcertU that had happened. She cried hysterically. - For two days the doctor- remained in attendance upon her, And then her recovery commenced. In a week the AwJT-twg was over ; the men had got their «heqnea, and were moving off to begin at ? Downs. She asked then what was going 430, When I told her the men were all leaving, the repeated the word 'all,' and looked nxt from ner pillow. 41 Forbes has not gone, though yon. know I was to tdl him to leave. He bade me when t thought you. could receive it, present you with this.' I handed her, an the miner tray and for Bncfapurpose, agenti^ss^'fC^dTith the name ? 'David Forlies lindsay.' She looked xt it, and said. u Show the. gentleman in.™ Before I coold close the' door lie was on his -knees at her -bedside; and he was there when I entered to tell him Mrs. Davenant could not stand mw'A excitement. He kissed her, and stole out, sfleotiy asa shadow. She wept for joy. In 4iie morning she wanted to be up and dressed, but having the doctor's orders I would not allow her. After break Cub, however, she sent for the overseer, and told him that Mr. Lindsay wu the son of jfrttiidd Tr™TlTir. «f fitfour, in Victoria, that though he was * banker by profession, le nsdentood pastoral work, -A*.* he -was her friend, -and that^she wished him to nave a tooth in the avesseer'e cottage. Of .course her word was lav, ud Forbes at once took up his residence in the bachelor's qnarten. The tfunnry into the death of Mr. D&Tenuit;, and the business connected with the arranging of Bt^^Aii in****1', 'though the latter was left to the overseer and Forbes, worried Mis. Dave napt? hot at two months end it was well over, and when the violin was heard again she hniatm^ another woman. I h*H no idea there could have been each a rapid recovery. To complete it the doctor fpnrminpTidpd a change oiJiir, and with Forbes she lea for Melbourne. VTedding cake reached us in due coarse, and soon after there was a big dance in connection with welcome rejoicings on the home-coming of the happy pair. 