ffloveltet. PUT ASUNDER. ob LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. author of " his one mistake," "theown on the word," "a struggle fob a bing," "a bitteb atonement," etc. I \ - o CHAPTER LL. — Continued.) " It is not my fault ; I have written to you I have asked you to come and see me. I have asked if I could not see you in London — " I see no one 1 I go nowhere," said Lord Castlemaine, hastily. "Now I look at you, I think you are a little ohanged, too, Isabel." " I wonder I am not altogether changed, when my heart has grown sick with care and sorrow. I could no longer endure my anxiety about you. I fancied you might be dying hero alone. So, without saying a word to any one, I came here. I took a lodging at the organist's cottage, and finding yon were at the abbey, I came over to see you — to urge you to do what you 3honld do." " And what should. I do ?" " You should forget your past: you should shake oG your gloom and make a new life in the .future. A man in your position owes duties to his country and society. It may be hard for you to coma back, but it seems to me you are untrue to yourself and to your race \- when you shut yourself up to brood and die. 1)Atnm An KPn >rffr»wr» fn onftifll lifh VATf avgiiutu liu jjuuuu mojlcsmiu ww rf"- can yet find happiness and be useful." \-- -Lord Castlemaine shook his head. " There are enough to do the public work you speak of. Society does not need me, and I am devoting myself diligently to the care ol s my tenantry, to the improvement of the laboring classes, and progress of education in the country. For the rest I am a broken man." " I know — I know," cried Isabel, " an apathy possesss yon. I want to rouse you from it. Yon have given up everything. Even in the matter of divorce the caBe is at a stand- "There will be no divorce," said Lord Castlemaine, slowly. " And why not ? Given that, you would be free of the paBt, and once more be happy. Gertrude certainly fled from yon." "I think possibly in that act she was suffering from mania or hallucination, and to secnre a divoroe on that ground would be persecution." " You make me angry, angry for your sake 1 cried Isabel. "You were the one wronged and persecuted from the beginning. Ob, Ger trude was never worthy of yon. It makes my heart ache to see you clinging to a memory of a love that at best was an illusive fancy. When given the joy of being your wife, her heart was not great enough to appreciate her place — she scorned your happiness, trampled on your wishes. At last I have felt it my duty to try and reuse you from fruitless grief by telling you that your idol was always and only day." " "Don't Hush, Isabel!" entreated Lird Castlemaine. " I can now remember nothing that once angered me ; I only recall her as my lovely and loving wife, with whom I .was and might have always been so happy if I had not been too harBh and hasty." " You harsh and hasty 1 Yon wrong your self, and yon ate; all wrong about her. Ger trude was not. "loving— she was a spoiled, capricious beauty. Can you not see it yet ? She had been trained by an _ ambitions mother, and her pride was gratified at her sudden and easy conquest of the Earl of Castlemaine. But hers was a fickle fancy, and an inordinate vanity. She was born a coquette, and desired to sen all men at her feet. To conquer Colonel Lennox, who "had been victorious over so many hearts, was her pride, and to indulge that pride she would scorn your love, shame yonr honour, mock your commands. Ob, after all this, can you love her still ?'' " Miss Hyde, yon were her friend 1" "Hers? I was your friend. I knew you first ; and when I mot her I read her well ; I understood yonr infatuation ; I tried to warn yon ; and when I could not save yon, I set myself to the task of making her more worthy of you. I tried to rouse her pride in yonr lofty name— her respect for your lineage ; I tried to save her from herself and her follies ; I thought if I were with her I could .prevent her from committing errors— bould help mould her tastes to yonrs— could prevent collisions between yon. I set my whole heart on saving you from shame and disgrace, and I have failed." Lord Castlemaine looked up slowly ; he spoke quietly. "Isabel, answer me. Yon saw Colonel Lennox often ; you saw him wh6n he lodged at the organist's. Tell me, why did yon meet him as you did 1" Isabel had not thought that this was known. She knew nothing of the poaoher, long since happy in Canada. Bat, nothing dannted, she made_prompt reply : "Why did I? Can you not see that, like all my other acts, it was for yon ? I did not care for Colonel Lennox ; I disliked him ; he was too great a contrast to you. He disliked me. When I found that I could not prevent Gertrude's mad folly in attempting a conquest of him, and proving to 70a how little weight yonr authority had, I was so desperate in my Z8al to help you, to save you from all this that has fallen on you and wrecked your life, and is ending yonr life in darkness, and depriving your country of yonr aid ; to hinder that, when Gertrude wopld not listen, I tried appeals to Colonel Lennox. I appealed to his honor to go away and tempt her no longer ; I told him she was playing with him, find making a jest of him ; and with him, as with her, I failed. But it was for yon, not for them ; I did it all for yon." " I cannot understand yon," Baid Lord Castlemaine, uneasily. " Look back. Remember those early days of oar friendship ; the winter before yon met Gertrude ; who was your friend then ? Woe not I the one you ssught ? Were we not oftenest together ? Who so well as I could share all your aspirations, understand your plans, sympathise in your pride of a noble race ? Did we ever disagree ? . Whose talk interested yon as mine did ? Had I not more ambition for you than you had for yourself? Did I not urge you to give yourself to politics, to become a power in the country?" " We were indeed warm friends," said Lord Cast-Iemaine. "And J was worthy of your friendship :- and I am on9 who will give a friendship unreservedly, and not limit its dieplay. I desired yonr happiness; and when yonr infatuation for Gertrude mado it impossible for me to give you happiness, except through her, then I devoted myself to trying tocmake her worthy of yon, to warding danger from yonr home ; and I failed. It was not my fault that I failed. If your happiness bad been in my hands primarily, yon never would have known any sorrow." " I did not understand Gertrude. I should have made allowances. She was yonng, inexperienced, iodulged. If I had been more tender, leas dictatorial, had left her less alone in society, had daily won her confidence more centlv I ' Oh. I know my awn errors, when it is too late 1" " That is madness 1 ' said Isabel, restrain ing her voiop, but her sonl was in a turmoil of jealous fury at his words. " There never was a man so deceived. Did she try to gloss over your faults, or what she called your faults? Did she not make a jest of your honest pride of race? The stories of the hon8e of Castlemaine were her theme of ssroasm. She despised you becanse yon were given to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, as redcoated soldiers are heroes of bar-maids. She accused yon of pride, of tyranny; she loved to vex yon. When she had grown weary of Colonel Lennox, she would have amnsed herself and tortured yon by flirting with some one else." " You are wrong, I am snra yon misjudge her. And, at all events; remember she is yet my wife." "I do not wish to remember it. Break that tie, which is now virtually null and void. Take up a new life ; marry Some one worthy of you ; make a tour of the world, and in two or three years return ; open these closed doors ; fill your house with hospitali ties worthy of your race ; take your place in Parliament ; become a power in your country ; live up to yonr righta as E arl of Castlemaine." " It is impossible 1 Mine is a heart that loves but once. Whether Gertrude loved me as I did her, I cannot tell. To her my least thought was true. Beside her no other woman looked lovely or desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lennox, and I had secured a divorce, it would not have been to marry again. I should have lived in th9 memory of leaf lost love and my lasting woe." Isabel Hyde suddenly bent her head on the table near which she sat, and bnrst into a passion of sobs and tears. Lord Castlemaine remembered what Lady Craven had told him 01 Miss Hyde's evident interest in himself. Even his heart, apathetic now to all words of love, told him that Miss Hyde had now spoken to him of more than friendship. He knew not what to say or do. He sat in silence until her stormy emotion naa worn itseir away. " Miss Hyde, I am grateful to you — grate ful for sympathy, for past friendship, for .pre sent interest— but all your remonstrances must fail to change my course, or animate my heart to any hope of happiness. Let me remind you that you are yet a young, beauti ful woman, with yonr fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness is, I cannot accept it at the price of embarrassment to yon. In yonr kind sympathy for me, and for my wife, yon forget—what your Aunt Cresson would not fail to recall— that you are too young and beautiful to oome here without a chspe- ' ron. We must part ; my sadness grieves yonr kind soul ; and your friendly interest in me makes it hard for me to reject your coun sels, as I unalterably must. Will you not allow me to accompany you through the park to the ' NnnB' Gate,' where we shall say good bye ?" He rose. Isabel rose also. She pushed baok the disordered hair from her heated brow. She looked into his face. " Say good-bye ?" she faltered. " Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I can offer, for even friendship, now." " Good-bye— and forever ?" " Forever 1" "Oh, Lord Castlemaine 1" cried Isabel, holding ont her hands to him." " Lord Castle maine 1— Rudolph 1 will you never care for me ?" Ambition, pride, selfishness, many evil pas sions were in Isabel's feeling for Lord Castle maine; but there was also love, real love, and that love thrilled in that passionate cry. It was one drop more in the enp of Lord Oastlemaine's bitterness. He wag chivalrous toward women. He had really been a friend to Isabel Hyde, though he had often thought her ft singular girl, and her manners had many flkces puz zled him. He knew by hard experience how terrible a thing was love outraged, unreturned. But her cry fell coldly on a dead, shrouded heart. He held ont his hand gravely. " Come, Isabel, we must go ; we must part. It is only one more of the hard things in our fate. " Go, and forget me." " I cannot— I will not forget 1 " said Isa bel. " Remember," said Lord Castlemaine, " that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably given to Gertrude." And he led her beyond the " Nuns' Gate. ' CHAPTER LXI. " I shall never return. If Gertrude Castlemaine had been a crimi nal, flying from justice, making- every effort at concealment, she would probably have been discovered long before. As she proceeded on the Dover boat, at Calais, and afterwards, in a perfectly quiet, open, matter-of-fact way, no one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, when inquiry was made, was able to identify her. Colonel Lennox and Isabel sedulously kept the secret abont the carriage — the colonel, be- cause. hi6 diecomfiture, if known, wonld have made him the lasting bntt of jest ; Isabel, be cause her action in the matter would have rained her with Lard CaBtlemaine. The carriage-driver had not only been well paid by Gertrude for silence, bat that night's work was his last driving in England ; he had already seoured bis passage as an emigrant to Australia. The theory of the pursuit had been that Gertrude had gone by ears, or on foot. No one imagined that she had oanght the Dover boat that very night. The stewardess of that boat was called next day into Belgium, to a dying mother;. and the faot that at Calais- Gertrude had covered her hat and face with a thick tissne veil, and carried her cloak on her arm, with only its white liniDg visible, had completed the slender chain of events which diverted pursuit, especially when that pursuit dated all its inquiries at least twenty-four hours too late. That very week of Isabel's painful visit- to Neath Abbey, Dr. Randal and Mr. Grim- held met there to 'consult with Lord Castle- I " I have concluded my personal visitation of every public and private institution for the sick and the insane in the United Kingdom," said Dr. Eindal ; " I have conversed with the attendants, and looked over the records ; I have examined the burial records of every parish in England; and I cannot get the faintest trace of your wife." " Oar agents in Scotland Yard have come on no trace, and seem hopeless of scccess," said Mr. Grimheld. " It is, as I told yon at 6rst, Lord Castlemaine ; we must make more of the press — of advertising." " I had enough of the press, dragging my family affairs to light, when that paragraph about the divorce, in Truth, turned all eyes and all tongues on my unhappy wife." " But you must consider how great intereets are at stake. Yon may have a wife — possibly a child. Yon must find them. If you have a child — a son — that child is the heir to yonr estates and titles. He would now be nearly a year and a half old. He may he living in pauperism, or as a foundling. Every week passed, dims recollection of events, and makes discovery more difficult. The finding of your ohild, if it exists, is of instant importance. If yon marry again, and have a son, 'his possession of title and estates would be always jeopardised by the possible existence of an elder son. Besides, not knowing whether Lady Castlemaine is alive or dead, yoa cannot marry — unless, indeed, you con clude your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain." " I shall never conclude the suit ; and I shall never marry." " Then, unless von find vonr child, if nno exists, what is to become of your title and estates. Yours is a long line to end so miserably." . " And what course do' you wi3h me to take?" " Advertise through the police of the entire United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing Lady Caetlemaine's appearance and date of departure, giving no name but mine as address. Advertise in all thfi papers of the kingdom, by slips addressed to 1 Gertrude,' asking her to return, or give in formation, and pledging that ' her demands shall be gratified on every point — that she shall have all her own way. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and France." " Do anything you like," said Lord Castle- . maine. " Advertise as you like ; but I know if Gertrnde yet lived I should have beard from her. Could she have endured loneliness like mine?" "You forget," said Doctor Randal, " she may have a child. That would very largely console her, and fill her heart." "Bat there is no need for her silence. She knew I loved her." " Answer me a few questions," said Dootor Randal. " Yoa were jealous of Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follieB ?" " Unhappily, yes." " She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distressed?" "Yes." "In your anger, yon threatened separation or divoroe ?" " Yes, yes ; I have admitted all that." . "Do you not know that if she had remained, and yon had demanded separation or divorce " " I would hot have done so," Interrupted Lord Castlemaine. " Probably not, when the whole facts were before you. She did not know that. She thought yon meant it. I say, if yoa had earried out your threat, and she had had a child, especially if a son, yon wonld have had onstody of yonr heir. There is nothing like maternity to sharpen a woman's perception OX r€BuivSt OX IftQvBi UuuSgu «0 filly DuSlu8B8f as Lady Castlemaine was, the mother instinot wonld have shown her her danger of being deprisei.aAhpr-h£b=r: _T ? J/3 —-r®14- mania, as I apprehend, that would have intensified her terror of snch loss— her expec tation of it. A mother will do anything to retain her child. If Lady Castlemaine is living, and.kdeps silent, it is beoanse she. fears yon will claim custody of her little one." " But what am I to do ?" cried Lord Castle maine, rising, and pacing his library in dis order. The idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal that beloved child, so precious in his thought, drove him frantic. " Advertise, as' Grimheld suggests, in Eng land, Scotland, France. Address ' Gertrude.' Tell her, her child Bhall not be interfered with ; Bhe shall make her own terms. Also, fee the French police heavily enough to set them searching for any stray English lady, fair and yonng, with a young ohild. France is near; yonr wife spoke French fluently. As we have failed in England, I look to France. Francs, too, is the land where she conld live longest on the sale of her jewels." " Randal is qnite right," said Mr. Grim held. A tap at the library door. \- " The mail, my lord," said Jenkins. Lord Castlemaine took the letters, and mechanioally turned them over. He Btarted baok at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exclamation. It was from Egypt,, in the large, peculiar script of Colonel Lennox. At first Lord Castlemaine felt as if he eonld not open it— as if one of his friends mast break the seal. Then he gathered him self together, becanse there might be some thing under that cover which no eye should see but his own. He withdrew to an aloove, and opened the envelope, with a trembling hand. It was dated at a military hospital. It ran thus : " Lord Castlejiaine : — We have been enemies ; but when life reaches its end, en mities are forgotten. I write to do justice to your wife. I never met a lady whom I admired as I did Lady Castlemaine. She was as good. &3 fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with me to whioh any hus band eould object, except that she tolerated my society, and that was because she did not know my character. All my association with Lady Castlemaine — all oar meetings — arose not from her will ; she was invariably betrayed into my company by her friend, who deoeived us both. I should say no more. Where your wife went, and why, I do not know. Ask Miss Hyde— she k owt. Lennox." " Oh, Gertrude ! doubly injured Gertrude I" cried Lord Castlemaine. " We must find Miss Hyde, and question her," said Grimheld. " I will telegraph to Lady Cresson to obtain her address." <« The day after that bitter interview with Lord_ Castlemaine, Isabel entered her aunt's dressing-room, in Lady Cresson's oountry- house on the banks of the Thames. " Isabel," said Lady Cresson, sharply, "yon told me yon were going to 'Miss Aller- ton's. I had a note from her yesterday. Yon have not been there. Where were yon ?" Isabel was silent. " I insist upon knowing— I have a right." "Yes, yon have a right," said Isabel, boldly. " You are to take me to Lady Gor don's country-seat, and I have two gorgeous dreBses up stairs, witnesses of yonr right, I was at Neath Abbey, to see Lord Castlemaine." " Heavens, Isabel ! What madnass 1 And you with a proposal from Lord Stuart Donglas 1" " I have not accepted him, aunt." Lady Cresson threw up her hands and eyes. " Isabel, you are twenty-four I You have been Jive seasons ont I Yon have refused two or three offdrs, bat have had no good offer till now. Now, a by extraordinary, marvellous fortune, a fine-looking man, of yonr own aze, heir presumptive to the Earl of Dunedin, proposes, and— yon say you have not aocepted him I "You go to see Lord Castlemaine 1" : ' 5 " I went," said Isabel, hard and bold, " to see for myself whether there was any hope that Lord Castlemaine would finish hi? divorce case, and make an offer to me." " Horrible 1 Monstrous 1 Outrageous I" grosned Lady Cresson. Isabel proceeded steadily : " There is no such hope. He will not get a divorce. He will not marry again. He is still the slave of that white-faced fool who left him." " Hush 1 Your language is scandalous," " I wont to him, aunt, beoanse for moM than four years I have loved him— because I am mad abont him. I think I wonld rather take Rudolph Castlemaine, without title or estate?, than one of the princes of the royal blood." "The princes and Lord Castlemaine are equally out of your reach." " I see it. Compose yourself, Aunt Cres son.- I told Lord Stuart Donglas that hi should have my answer at Lady Gordon's, next Thursday. I shall accept him. I shall . have a little title, a prospective coronet, a for- - tune, three handsome estates, an amiable hus band, who marries becauso his nnole orders him to do so, and who likes me as well as any one. Be cure, aunt, the belle of jive seasons appreciate her good fortune. At all events, I shall not make a scandal, and leave my has- band, as Gertrude Craven did." j " Oh, heavens 1 And yon are to be pre sented on Thursday to the Earl of Duned- din 1 " ««« Thursday had oome. Scene— Lady Gor don's country seat in Kent, thronged with guests. Envied of all, is Isabel Hyde. After five seasons she has captured a prospective earl 1 - Lord Stuart Douglas is a tall, jolly, noisy, red-whisksred, florid, honest yonng Sootoh- man — not very sentimental, bat heartily ad miring his fiancee. , The Eirl of Danaddin has come, and is td be presented to his future niecer Isabel is 'on the arm of Lord Steward Douglas ; Lady Gor don has the earl's arm, Lady Cresson is elate. The five meet in the great drawing-reom, and there are many there to see. " Uncle, allow me to present the future Lady Douglas." Suddenly a black cloud rests on the face of the old Scotch earl. His extended hand stops half way ; his cold, blue eyes fixed on Isabel in a ferocious glare. " This lady your future wife, Douglas ? " " Yes, uncle ; and you are an admirer of beauty — dark beauty " " I never forget a beautiful face once seen,' said the earl, still glaring at Isabel. 1 Then J " Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more private room ? " The five are alone in the library. " Miss Isabel Hyde," says the. earl, -In the voice of a judge, " carry back your, mind to the latter part of September before last — al most two yearn ago. " Taink of the Redmoss statioD." " She was visiting Lady Castlemaine at Neath," cried Lady Cresson. The earl waved his hand, and prooeeded Bolemnly : " At Redmoss station, after midnight , yon entered the train for London. The third- class cars were out of the question ; the seoond- olass were pretty well filled; two first-olass cars were paid for a3 private. Yon entered the other, where there was one traveller, in a cloak. Yon were not alone ; yon were with Colonel Lennox , and I was that traveller. Yon went to London. You and Colonel Lennox lejt the train, together ; you entered a oab together. Bifqre I_secured a cab yonrs was out of sight." I t was Baforo four o'clock, a very unin. m uuc uumauier 01 UOlOnOI Lennox is well known." Lord Stuart Douglas-- with flaming eves. . .Tint? fTrritirna JcaP8l 8 nana anQ.tfp-qDPj hn-T _ Lady Gordon looked scorn and disnK>- "CSay Cresson was pallid, una aroppecfinto a ohair. She cried : " Sir, you are mistaken 1 " " I am not mistaken. I conld swear to her. I saw her for cvar an hoar, I heard her voice. It was she 1 " " I only met Colonel Lennox by accident at the station 1" cried Isabel, breathlessly. " I missed an earlier train. If yon had followed the cab yon would have seen that I went -to the Westminster Hotel, and he to his clnb." " You can never explain or excuse a lady of your age and position wandering alone at night with Colonel Lennox. The wife of my heir raii3t be without reproach. Lady Gordon, allow Douglas and myself to take our leave ; it will cause lees talk." ' They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aunt and nit ee. "Dear Lvdy Cresson, yon have my sympathy. This 13 terrible 1 But my home is full of friends — young ladies, too—" " I understand yon," said Lady Cresson. " If you will order a carriage, I will at onoe remove my niece."' They were in the car. " Isabel," said L"idy Cresson, " I will see yon again. You understand, yon can enter London society after this. Go and hide your brad 1" They parted at the Junction — Lady for London ; Isabel apparently for. Tsabel parsed two stations. At the th Uft. the car, and waited for another tra She had made up her mind. She wonld throw herself on the mcroy of Lord Castle maine. She wonld tell him that she had been saorifieed in her effort to save his wife, for his sake. In recklessly undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox away from Gertrnde, she had destroyed herself. All hope was lost now but in Lord CaBtlemaine. She wonld go and boldly plead her love for him. Even if that failed, in what would sha be worse off than now? CHAPTER LXII. how the dream came true; \- Shut np alone in her first-olass carriage, Isabel Hyde suffered an anguish as of lost souls. Fury against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented this, horrible end ! On that fatal night, when she had meant to betray Gertrude into flying with CoIonelLecnox she had madly lost all by going to London in his company. She conld have remained at theoottage, bribing the woman to Bilence. She could have gone to a hotel at Redmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Ger trude had overthrown all her plans, she harried to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. Trae, she had entered the hotel alone ; she had given a feigned name ; breakfasted alone, and gone home by that afternoon's train. London had been empty of sooiety people ; no one recognized- her; she supposed that escapade dead and buried. Now it had come oome np like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Donglas, whioh was making a nine- day's wonder at her amazing good fortune. _ Lady. Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Donglas would feel him self obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally cast her off. Her family wonld be fnrioua at her folly, and the wreck of her prospeots. The glories of Douglas and Daneddin grew on her as they vanished ont of her grasp for ever. She was taking her last ehance. Her one hope was in the help, the chivalry, the blindness of Lord Castlemaine. _ . To.him she hastened, flying with all the speed of steam through the waning summer ' . Lord Castlemaine and Doctor Randal were uneasily pacing the terrace. Lord Castlemaine had sent his dispatoh to Lady Cresson. His one hope lay now in wresting 'the truth from Isabel Hyde. Every hour seemed a year, until be eonld gel on the track of his vanished wife. 1 Up the long avenne dashed a horse, covered with foam, and ridden by a man looking like i honse.b»9tfer. Man and beast were breastilesa, and covered wuu'uuot. The rider held ont to Lord Castlemaine a Blip of paper, rnmpled and soiled, torn from a note-book, and hastily written npon with a lead pencil. Lord Castlemaine snatohed the paper and read the lines : " Terrible R. R. accident, five miles beyond Redmoss. A lady in first-class oar seriously injured. She is in a state of extreme anxiety to see yon. Come at onoe. She cannot live out the night." Lord Castlemaine reeled baok against Dootor Randal. " Doctor Randal, it is Gertrnde !" " Who is the lady ? Have yon nothing elBe?" shonted Dr. Randal. The man was still fntnbling in his pookets. He fonnd the objeot of his Beareh and handed it over— a card. " It was in her pocket," he said. On the card was : " Isabel Hyde." "Mini" shouted Lord Castlemaine. "did yon see her ? Was she dark ?" . " I don't know — yes— I saw her— yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her Bpine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer ; bat she is goin' fast. You'd better hurry yourseif 1" "Horses! horses 1" roared Locd.Castle- maine ; " the two fastest horses 1" The grooms sprang abont in the stables, and in five minutes two swift, blooded horses, impatient for the road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal. . They leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. The snn had set ; the moon had risen ; the world was still In th9 balm and dew of the Brimmer nieht : tha insects whirred and chirped ; softly from the distant woods ealled the sad whip-poor-will, or obanted the nightin gale ; and still over the broad, hard road thun dered the feet of the horses, aa Lord Castle maine and his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted" youth, and so unfit to die. . They reached the place at laBt — the turn in the road where there had been a collision. Cause — a neglected switch. More remote oause— a switch-tender asleep. "Still more remote oause — a human being overworked for seven days in the week ; given a pittance ; shortened hours of rest ; length ened hoars of labor. lfreated as a man? Na; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down ; the man falls asleep. # Asleep ? Bather into ooma. Who is to blame ? Some, one, is to blame. See this wrecked train ; see all tbeBe dead bodies The jury will blame and punish the switch-tender. High Heaven will blame the company who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will be required at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been earried. A conch has been drawn into tho centre of the room, made as "eksy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already qnenohing the fire of her great blaok eyes, and smiting the lately splendid oolor from the oheek of society's Red Rose. Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal entered. " Isabel," Baid Lord CaBtlemaine, bending to take her hand, " Heaven only knows how grieved I am to see you like this 1" " Yon will be sorry about me, Lord Castle maine ?" said Isabel. . " Yes ; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that yon die so yonng and so suddenly. " And yon will Btay with me until I die ?" " Yes, Isabel." " It is more than I oould have expected ; ana is is Doner, wnat was mere leu ior me to live for ?" said Isabel. The women of the house withdrew. Dootor who wafT attending lielhjllfeQiblltjA'yfeftofiea- and madeome Blight examination of Isabel ; . more was not needed ; her fate was on her face. "Miss Hyde, do you know your Btate?" " Yes, I know," Baid Isabel. " And what can I do for yon, Isabel, now or hereafter ?" said Lord Castlemaine. " You can listen to what I have to say," said Isabel. " I sent for yon for that. I shall shook yon, Lord Castlemaine ; but do not leave m9 for that." " I will not leave yon. I have promised." " Say, before I begin, you forgive me."' _ «<I — forgive you," said Lord Castlerqaine. " Think back to when we first met. I know yon liked me ; you liked me better than all thereat; I saw it-. A.t first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Cresson's < orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love you. I, who had never cared for anyone, whose heart was oold to parents, brothers, sisters, friends, I loved for the first time, and I loved you— oh, how madly 1" "Hash, hush, lsabell" said Lord Castle maine, deeply pained. . " It is too late to mind now, said Isabel. "Let me go on. You never spoke or acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped— until you met Gertrude, and 70U loved her at onc9, when you had knqwn as so long ! I tried to win you away, but a unheeded my efforts to charm yon ; yon ve not to be won. I hoped to the last — oped until I Btood first brides-maid at your wedding, and there I swore to part yon— at any price." "Isabel! lsabell are you mad?" cried Lord Castlemaine. " This is the hour ol truth. I pretended strong friendship for you both. It was love for you, hate for her." " My poor Gertrude !" moanedLord Castle maine. " She was wax in my hands ; so were you. I made the little quarrels between you ; I made you jealous, and ronsed her pride, and mado her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her.- I told her yoa were meanly jealous, and that he was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be/ and she never knew it. I forced tbem together. I saw he loved her ; she never dreamed of it. . I asked him to lnnch at yonr house ; I arranged the tableaux 1 I telegraphed him to meet ns.at Bath. I goaded her constantly, . to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. I planned meetings whioh were surprises to her ; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend— only that— just as cool aryl calm to him as a woman of snow." "Oh, Gertrude, my darling 1 my injured darling I" wailed Lord Castlemaine. " Gertrnde furiously resented the hoar when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to sea him 8gain. Ha wrote her — th9 only time. In her distress she bnrned the letter, fearing yonr jealous rage. It was to 'me she told your threat of separation, yonr order to go to East- . dale. It was I who painted to her the dis grace of separation. I told her yen wonld rob her of her child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we could hide in the South of France until you came to her terms. I had hired the oarriage, brought it to the ' Nuns' Gate.' I put the glove, piotnre, and handkerchief of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight exense, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover — to Calais — before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never seem innocent, and yon would divorce her. I hoped you would turn to m'e. I oannot tell how it was — I had led, ruled Gertrnde all along — at the moment I left her in the car riage she took her fntnre into her own hands. The oarriage dashed off furiously. Sha was in it alone. Colonel Lennox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night journey with him has sinceprovedmy destruction. 1 was seen, recog- nisfd " (To U centinutd.): 