A TRUE GHOST STORY. Br Galen. \- _ . _!1l If vou look at a map of ucnmflTK, you 6co iu tho oxtrcmo north-west of tho country a narrow and attenuated spur of laud running out between tho two seas named Stager Back and Cnttcgnt, and onding in a claw-liko pro montory callod tho Skaw. Tho Danish town \- r line a ( nw mi Ins SflutlinQN and OI rrcauimomt'u »».»» »w.» > — _ . on tho opposito Swedish shoro is Gothcnberg. Between flows ono of thoso channels which ha 0 to bo passed in entering tho Baltic, aud which aro fraught with so much danger to tho mariner. My father was master of tho lighthouso on tho Skaw. aud by means of trading with tho skip pers who camo our way, and n Part wner6bip of several small craft, ho succeeded in keeping his somowhat largo family in circumstanco which, in o parte? tho world far removed from tho extravaganco of cities, might be eon sidored affluent. Thus in my early youth my chief acquaintances lay amongst tho blurt Ash" folk by whom tho rogion was sparsoly popu hied mid I ' had many opportunities of hcnrim- the strange savings mid of being awed br the numerous superstitions that were rife amongst them. I uf ten wonder now how such fallacies could havo taken so deep a root in the minds of those simple people ; bnt perliapB if it hud boon my lot , to have remained for over amongst them I might myself liavo become affected to u like degree. ' Often wcro the men frightened into staying ashore, When they ought to liavo put to sen, by some sago iiicmbor of the community imagining ho. bud seen n peculiar light of ill 'omen hovering far out over tlio sunken rocks.' 'Many oVents wero prognos ticated iu truo oracular.- style .by tho appearance of tho sky by night.orday ;.ovil things must of necessity bctido;the man who killed a stork purposely or by accident, and the women were frequently in secret 'lnihentntioii because they had seen a bluo fluiiiciu tho tiro orsomo special appcnrnuco in tho' candlobctokeuing a death in the family.. v Tho belief in fheso matters was almost uui- ' vcrsal; an exception, libwever, was found in the person of Carl' Jnnscn, whoso derision and somewhat boisterous ridicule grilled harshly 011 iny young cars, tingling as tlioy wero with tho weird storios.of ghost and demon. Iu a kindly maimer lie had , at .times tried to pcrsuado us boys Hint there uovcr were any such things as gliosis; but' with1 littlo success, perhaps be cause wo wero already too deeply impressed, or ' may be, found something too much to our lik ing iu the romantic idea of tho thing io be ready to relinquish it. If any one could lmve persuaded us 1 am sure it was he, for ha was ' very popular with us, being tlio captain of the lifeboat, a riinn imbued with that hardihood \- admired ulika by boys and men, and tending to ; inspire faith. 1 often camo. into contact with Carl, for on account of the prominent position of our bouse it devolved upon my father to keep a sharp look out for wrecks or ships iu danger, and to report immediately any casually to tlio captain of the . voluntoor crew, who wo Id tlieu proceed to call . out bis men. aud launch tho: boat; aud my . father often sent- me as the messenger. It was 0110 night at the end of November be fore wo had gono to bed — for in those Intitndcs tho 'light' 'leaves us early at this season — that my father saw signals of distress - from a ship . that had probably got ou to tho reefs, and called lo my brother and me to.beur tho tidiugs to Carl iTunseu.Y The heavens wore black uud threatening, and the pitchy darkness was but little relieved by the light - reflected from the snow; bnt the road was so well known to us, . aud tlio ..distaiico not being great, there was 110 npproheusiou either on. our father's port or oil our 'own about tho safety of tho journey. It ' was deadly dark and still, excepting for the sound - '"of tho waves which broke with ' a long rumble along tlio shore; but wo . were accustomed ' to : this, . and boguileit the time as wo proceodcd with a lively chatter about a great many unimportant tilings. . Amongst tlio little cluster of fishermen's cot tages which wo were 'approaching oiic lind long been held to be haunted.' It was snid thut la man had once hanged himself: there, and that . his ghost had taken possession of tho place. We had to pnss this particular collage, and as wo drow near it our conversation ceased, for by a not very remarkable coincidence \- onr mimls wero simultaneously occupiod by thoughts of the ghost, und our suuscs of sicht . and iiearing wore keenly awake to any sign that . might present itself, in u. maimer perhaps familiar to most peoplo at ono time or another of their lives. Imagine then onr feelings when we distinctly euw a white form issuing from behind the house in question and moving with a rapid and apparently gliding motion withiu twenty paces uf tlio spot where wo slo.d. Wo clung to each other for a miuuto in speechless horror, whilst an awful tremor shook our limbs)' bnt then, with the preternatural strength of fear, we rushed to the door of Curl Jensen's house, and stood heating it hard aud wildly, .till tlio astonished master opened it und lot us in. For some littlo time we could answer nothing to his queries saving an incoherent ejaculation of " Tlio ghost 1 The ghost 1" But in tho light and warm room, and under the ,- influence of his soothing words onr presence of mind at "length rei urued, uud by degrees wo were enabled to give an account of what ho had seen. " Gome, my lads," said Carl, " yon have imagined this ; you shall come with me, and I will show you you are mistakca." We were quite suro wo wero not mistaken, bnt after a little persuasion we each took one of his arms and returned with liim to the scone of onr fright, feeling pretty safe in the jircsenco of our hardy friend. We reached tho house, walked round it, looked through the windows inm the dark and silent rooms. There was no ghost, and even my brother aud I wero begin ning io incline to tho possibility of our being deceived, when I felt the muscles of the strong arm I hold suddenly contract with great force, and looking forward 1 saw a tall and spectral figure clad in white, with sharp features aud long bony hands, moving slowly towards us. Carl Janseij was a brave man, inured to hard ship aud danger, and accustomed to look death in tho face, but he could find no voice, aud steed still, irresolute, as tlio nwful form ap proached. Closer nud closer it came, until witlnn lialf-a-dozon yurds, when it appeared first to soo us, and throw iug up its skinny arms, with a hellish shriek, seemed to sink into tjio ground. We returned to tho celiago without a word, and by the light of tho lamp that was burning there, I glanced at Jauteii'd faco ; the bleoil was triclriing from his bitten lip, uud contrasted Strangely with tlio dcatli-liko pallor of his cramped foaturos. "My lads," lie said, " wo must get to tho bottom of this," and taking a lauthurji he called on two other mou, nud once agnin wo proceeded to tlio placo. Oil tlio spot Where tho apparition had seemed to disappear lay a woman in her nightdress, insensible. She proved to ho a poor creatura suffering from acute mania, whu hud eluded tho watchfulness ,:!cr friends, anil prouieuuded tho snow Will cxhuusted. Curl Janson iuimcliod Ills boat and wont out to the wreck with 0110 more addition to his list of experiences, . mid my brulbor and I returned homo cured for over of all belief in ghosts, 