TALES AND SKETCHES. BORDERLAND. Br MISS JESSIE FOTHERGILL. Author of "Kiiii and Kb," "Probation, " "The First Violin," &c.;, &c.; VOLUME in. CnAFTEB VI. — Finsr Alarm. One day, very early in May, Michael Lang- ilroth wrote from Bradstano to Boger Camin in Leeds "A strong sense of duty alone induces mo to troublo you with a letter for there is literally no aews to tell you. When was there ever any in uraasiano r Ana just now we aro duller than usual, for nearly everyone is away. People (the few who are left here) talk now off and on about tho Derby, and speculate whether Crack- pot will wiu. Ho is not tho favorite, as of course you know, but takes a good place, I dare say I hear more of that kind of thing than you do. The British Medical people meet in Leeds this yoar. Of course it won't bo till August, but I have every intention of going ; and putting up with you ; and I look forward to it as if it were socio wild dissipation. It is, at any rate, too' good a chance to bo missed of bearing and seeing something, and getting ono's blood stirred up generally. I often wonder I do hot tarn into a mummy or a block of wood. Ou leading this you will probably loap to the rash conclusion that your account of two political meetings, and their consequent excite ment has roused my envy and upset my tranquility, and that iu future you had perhaps betiernot supply mo with suchstimulatingfoodl 1 beg you will not cherish any such delusion, lour account of the meetings was most interes ting and amusing ; but, as you know, I have a peat contempt for all political parties in tho abstract, and to seo a vast body of men ssyed like roods by the passion of the moment —groaning like demons whea thoy hear one set 0\. names, cheering like maniacs at another, rolling like living 6torm waves upon any unfor- uaate wight who dares to express dissent from Ibeir views, and hustling him ont — is to me a melancholy spectacle. Yon would doubtless y that without such passions aud prejudices !«ii wt uptm tlliuGs might beat a stand- ®"' 1 suppose thoy might ; all I know is, I 1 w'7 ukful that there aro so mauy mou v. world that my indifference makes no cronco. You will wonder whence this ser- ilif?5!63- , bavo ')teQ meditating a good tal htely O nights j having folt tired when I in, and not having had your music to . WedltatioDS- M in days of old. And cud i J. ?> 0D'j" lust night, of a dispute wo »» to havo in our younger days, about life ta„ra,t8' , always maintained (quito to, n/' con now) blaab you got no real s'l»nr I??tc?en'i stimulus, animation, out- tnrr i,tt- j> cltJ.! Iu vowed that, on tho cou- 2 V' U Dttture o tho man that deter- UM1 -r't aQd that dramas and tragedies ttieht i ,rror uuii pathos as Shakspearo's own, X«.!dfout within 07eQ as narrow a Proridefl «, township of Bradstaue-ou-Tocs, bred nni in aC ?ra,,w?ro thoro, and that thoy cdl 7 , r parts. Yon were right, tlisi! JlLVr yoa d tho opinion still; but ttst ono , vVaQt t hnow — how often is it I Koiild nnlif 's the chance to live? Most people I there it t'i r c.5' at 't, in a lifetime ; and I is a smnii , t0tal> disagree with them. I lkrva J.! £taK (rm which to preach, but I PeoP' as some who live on I Editions ,, 1170 observed them aud thoir I fcaia, tho nmni T £ai" tl0caUB0 of my Pr- I sorts ««i ? J. have soon haTe been of I 1 have rnn.n Juud'tious, and tho' conclusion 1 "'tb emntj„ Ia'hat most lives aro filled I bt fr" dead, dnll uneventful- B lot e n... a ls tr tho favored few ; culture I "oaielvoj they choose to avail I ""utony formost Ua they don't; I r10! to my own life, and 9 tupfor . mo try to collect a little B Vi&of; H»a' tree myself from the ro- I "fr U1UedMmCd h' I is away. He has scarcely arrangements with, the anther. been at Thorsgarth sinco the new year Just hZe wvw 1S',d' ther Eay. nbout "'is precious horse run this precious race. His sister s house, too, is empty just now. She nml Jrfi,9Ua?0- ' ,Mr3' Johnson tells mc, to go see her friends in London for a time but is coming back before Whitsuntide, as, in the httlc"" bCft; EllC is S!nS to toast some little ragged wretches ont of Bridge-street ; ,ur?f takeu under her wing. But it is Mav ihKf "VCt , ® f?,ls nuur the end of y is year. X iu a communicative tenor to-night, so I will tell you » SU1 -s„rfnr to c" ns I believe I bave set forth already at some length ; and I wish with 1flear'thnt Eleanor Askam had not a for- SSf OOnroar; for if she had wn. ng 1 \vould humbly ask her if she would condescend to relieve that monotony of my life. I should also have the feeling that I could in a measure pay her back in kind, by darkens hcrs"S WUW' Sme f th SOrrOW tllat d believe I had something clso to say to ou. 1 am almost certain that I sat down with a distinct impression that I was going to write to you about something. Oh yes, here it is. I suppose you hear regularly from Miss Dixon, and so, of course, you will know that a little while ago she returned from her long sojourn in i\ cusleydalo. I heard she had gone there for the puro airand all that, and because her father's relations wanted to have her, and because she did not feel very strong at the end of the winter. You know, I have always thought her a yery delicate girl, but now-I do not think it right to conceal it from you— she looks very,iH indeed. Her cheeks have fallen in : her face is pale ; she is the shallow of what she was. I hate to write this ; in fact, I was so unwilling to write it that I scribbled all the rubbish which premises it, in tho hope that, somehow, I might get out of this ;butl cannot. It would be no friend's part ; and what blame wonld you not have the right to put npon me if I let it pass by without telling you. She is very ill, I am certain. If I were on different terms with them I should go to Mrs. Dixon, and tell her she ought to liaye advice for her. I keep wishing they would ' summon me, or Ilowntrce ; for they surely must see themselves the chani-n in her T fnnrw i- — a warmor climate, or rather, she ought never to have gone to Yorkshire. That part of Wens- loydale where she was is piercingly cold- worse than this. It is in a valley, but the valley itself is very much elevated. I do not want to make yon more uneasy than is necessary. Wo must recollect that this is the merry mouth ' of east winds, bronchitis, aud pleurisy, and many a delicate girl withers np during May aud comes out blooming again in Juno. Let us hope this is such a caso. Sleep takes possession of me ; therefore, good night!" This letter had veritably been written in the way described in it. Michael had bohold Ada, and tho change iu her; and as Boger never, in any of his pretty frequent letters, mentioned any rumor of the illness of his betrothed, his friend reluctantly came to the conclusion that he know nothing about it, and that to leave hira iu such a state of ignorance was utterlv impossible for him. All the first part of his letter ho had writteu wrainblingly, half his mind occupied with a wonder whether lie could not absolve himself from the moral necessity which ho felt upon him, of speaking about Ada. He could not, and the result was the composi tion above, which was written on a Wednesday night, nnd despatched on a Thursday morning. Michael did not expect any immediate answer to it, bnt went about his business, as usual. On tho said Thursday morning, near tho castle, he met Ada Dixon. There was, indeed, a piercing east wind blowing, aud the girl wore a common looking fur cloak, with which her father had presented her at Chrs'ma", and of which she had been prond, in that in shape and fashion it bore a faint resemblance to the costly garments in which Miss Wyntcr and Miss Askam were in tho habit of wrapping themselves on cold days. Perhaps the dead black of the cloak showed up ber pallor still more strongly by contrast ; but as Michael met her — he was on foot, going to see a patient who lived beside tho river-bank ; she ascending a little hill, slowly nnd wearily, aud ho going down it — with her face a little upturned, nnd tho flickering light quivering npen it through the leaves — her white hat and her fair liair— as ho met her thus, her appear ance was almost spectral in its whitoness and fragility. She inclined her head to him, and would have passed on. But he stopped, aud hold out his hand to her. "Good morning. Miss Dixon. Yon must not think mo meddlesome, bnt wlion Boger is not here I consider you a little bit under my euro ; and my duty obliges mo to tell you that yon are not looking so robust as is desirable. Have you been catching cold? " He was surprised at tho effect of his words. Ada's white face became in a moment angrily red ; the color flushing over it in a flood. Her eyes flashed, aud iu a voico sharp with irrita tion, she said — " Nothing ails mo at all. I'm as woll as I can bo, and I think there's no call for you to make such remarks. Dr. Langstroth. " " I am sure I beg your pardon if I liavo offended you. I assure yon there is nothing I less wish to do. I am very glad if yon do feel well. Only I wish you looked stronger— that is all." " What do looks matter, when one feels per fectly well ?" said Ada. " There is certainly a good deal in that. Good morning. I will not detain yon." Ho raised his bat, and was moving on ; indeed ho had walked a pace or two, when Ada's voico, just behind him, caused liim to turned again, She looked embarasscd, and half stammered, as she said — " Oh, pleaso— do yon know — have yon any idea when Miss Askam is coming home?" "I have not," said he gravely, and very much surprised. " At least, I know nothing of the exact day ; but before Whitsuntide, Mrs. Johnson says. She would know, I dare say, if you liko to call and ask her," "Ob, thank yon I I'll seo. It's — it's not of so much importance," said Ada. " Good morning; Dr. Langstroth." They parted. Michael went on his way, and as ho went he shook his head. " It is. not of the least use for her to toll me that she ia perfectly well. She is very ill indeed, and something ought to be done for lief," Manr times during ths day ho thought of Ada, and of her changed looks, and wondered how Mrs; Dixon would take it if he spoke to her about her daughter, About seven o'clock, just as lie was sitting down to his solitary dinner, his dining- room door was opened, and Boger Camm walked in. Michael uttered an " all 1" of pleasure ' and relief when he saw the mighty figure lounge into tho room, " You here, Boger ?" he said, jumping np and grasping his hand, « Was it my letter ? Did yon take tho alarm ?" , " Ay 1 I could not rest another day without coming to seo that child. , She scarcely ever meutions her health ; indeed, never ; so it never occurred to mo that there could bo anything the matter with her." " Then, my dear fellow, yon must prepare yourself for a very disagreeable surprise, that s all. But have some dinner now, and you can go down and see her after wards." Another place was set for Boger, who made a praiseworthy effort to eat his dinner, and to talk as if nothing had happened. He could, however, scarcely sit out the meal, and the in stant it was over he rose. " 1 ve come to yon, feeling sure you would put me up, Michael. I've got what tliey call in Leeds the week end,' and must go off again by the late train from Darliugton on Sunday night." "Of conrso yon will put up here, and Til drive you into Darlington on Sunday. Isnp-; poso you'll go out now ?" " Yes. Don't expect me back till von see me, said Boger, going away; and "directly afterwards, Michael heard the door shut after him CnATTER VII.— BnoKEN Off. Despite that cutting enst wind, it was n glorious May evening. Tho trees and fields were coming on grandly, and the sun shone dazz'ingly towards his decline, in a heaven of bright blue and gold, with piles of glorified clouds in a steady baud to the north. The beams shone slantingly all on the old brown houses, and their rays wore flashed back from the windows of the quaint old sleepy town. As Boger walked down the street, his heart beating with foreboding, ho was but vaguely conscious of the stir of life around hinf, the murmur ana oustie or tnose whose day s work was done, and who were enjoying their pipes, their gossips, and their games ; for in one part of the town the youths played quoits iu au open space, while many reverend elders looked on, and made sententious remarks as tho sport progressed. He was conscious of receiving here aud there a greeting ; he returned them vaguely, and went on his way, and presently found himself within Mr. Dixou's shop, which looked very mean and low and small, and which seemed quite filled by his tall aud broad figure. Mr. Dixon was alone in the shop. "Bless my soul, Boger— you!" ho ex claimed. " Yes," replied Boger. " I got a couple of days' holiday, so I thought I'd run over aud see Ada. Is she in ?" " Yes, she's in. You'll find her -upstairs at her piano. Tho wife has gone out to tea. And look you, Boger," he added, drawing the young man aside, and lowering his voice, though they were alone, " Ada lias got uncommon twiny and washed out looking, and has taken to sing ing the most sentimental songs. I declare it makes me feel quite low in my mind to hear her constantly wailing and wailing. Try to cheer her up a bit." . " That I will !" "I dare say she's just fretting a bit after yon." Soger's heart bounded, and fell again. It could not bo so. Ada know she needed not to fret after him. But he said, as cheerfully as ho could— " III go upstairs and find her." With which he went through the shop into tho passage, and quickly np tho stairs. As lie asceuded, the " wailing" of which Mr. Dixon bad complained became distinctly audible. It was a very, very mournful song that Ada sang, aud Eogcr's heart died within him as he heard it. He opened the parlor door softly, and looked in. The piano was opposite to tho door ; therefore Ada, seated at it, had her back turned towards him. Sho had ceased to play within the lost minute, and sat very still, with her hands, ho noticed, dropping down at her sides, in a way that had something very pain ful aud hopeless about it. His heart went out to her, and as she did not at first appear to notice any sound or any footstep, he walked softly np behind her ; but not so softly, big and heavy as he was, and unused to treading gingerly, but that she could hear him distinctly ; and he noticed that sho suddenly drew ber bauds np, and that they wore clenched, nnd that her shoulders heaved, as if sho drew a deep breath — not as if sho were surprised, Boger thought, hopo beginning to beat high in his heart again, but rather as if she were very glad. She knew, then, that he was there. She recognised his footstep, and she was deeply moved, by his pre sence. Ho laid his hands npon her shoulders, and said, softly and caressing! — "Ada!" She faced him, with the qnickness of light ning, and with a vcritablo shriek — it was too loud, too affrighted to be called au exclamation — and Boger recoiled before the expression of tho face which was turned towards him. Ho literally fell back a step or two, gazing at her alarmed and speechless, while sho put her hands, one to cither side of her head, aud shrank together, staring at him with a look of terror and amaze. " Ada, my love," ho began at last, alarmed and bewildered by the contradiction between her manner before sho had secu him, nnd that manner now that she beheld him. Then she fouud her voico, aud rose from tho music stool. " Roger, Boger !" she gasped. "How can you? Stealing np behind one, nnd startling one in that way I It's enough to turn tho head, if one's a nervous person. " But, my darling, I saw that yon heard me," he began ; but sho burst into hysterical tears, turning away from him; and dinging herself upon a sofa, so that ho thought it was useless to attempt to explain or apologize. Oaco it crossed his mind? "Sho behaves almost as if sho had expected some ono else," Then he put the idea aside, ds we do put ideas aside which we know would be absurd in re gard to onrselTes, often stopping to make allowancoB for tho differences in others' minds and oar own. It was a very distressful scene. Nothing that ho could doer say restored calmness to her, though tho first violence of lier agitation presently wore off. In vain ho tried to wring from her some explanation of her altered looks, her nervous terrors ; asked her what ailed her and tenderly upbraided her with not having toid him she was ont of health. Ada would own noth ing, say notbiug ; and when he rather pitifully said he had hoped to give her a pleasaut sur prise by his unexpected arrival, she replied with irritation that she hated such surprises ; he ought to have written or telegraphed. Iu fact, Boger, with tho deepest alarm, presently saw that his presence was doing her no good, but harm ; it was perfectly evident that he had better retire, aud lie decided to do so. But but before going, he said — " Now, look here, Ada. Grant me a very groat favor, and I'll not tease you about any thing else. Let Michael Langstroth, or Dr. Rowntree, see yon. Bowntree, perhaps. He's such a kind, good old fellow. He would give you something to strengthen you." "1 am not ill," cried Ada ; and she stamped her foot on the grouud, and clenched her teeth. "I will see none of yonr doctors. I hate them, and I'll have nothing to do with them. You will make mo ill if you don't let me alone." Every sign warned Roger that this was a subject it would be best not to pursue any further, and he presently loft her. Ho had no heart to go into the shop again and speak to Mr. Dixon. Slowly and dispiritedly ho nr.ade his way back to the Bed Gables, and fouud Michael there, astonished to see him back again so soon, and looking the qnestions he felt he would not ask. I -don't know, Michael," said Boger, in answer to this look. " There's something awfully wrong. I must seo her father to morrow. She denies that anything ails her, but at the same time she goes on iu sucii a way as no one would who was all right. It is not tho end — I know it is not the end." On tho following day it seemed as if the end, so far as Boger was concerned, had arrived. In the forenoon Air. Dixon made his appearance, nnd asked to seo Bogor. Then, slowly and with difficulty, he unfolded the fact that Ada had summoned him to her after her lover's de parture, and had told him that she could never be Roger's wife ; that her life was a misery to uci, ou iuug as sue was cngagea to nun, ana that if her father wished to see her well and happy again, he was to take this opportunity of telling Eager so, aud of making him under stand that she did not wish to see him again. Tho stout, prosperous tradesman looked pinched and miserable as he told his sorry tale ; while the young man sat opposite to him, his face turning very white, his strong hands shak ing, aud his mighty figure trembling all over like a loaf in the wind. Tho sun was shining outside, though not into tho room ; one could see its glare in the yellow huo of the grass, and the shadows cast by the treos. Tho souud of singing birds came iu at the open window, and also a blast of north-east wind, cold, dry, cut ting as a knife. " She does not mean it, Mr. Dixon ; she does not really mean it?" he stammered, fight ing for his life. " She means it, Boger. I wrestled with her about it for au hour ; for, with expecting you to bo my sou for so long, I've got to look upon you as if you were my son. I wrestled with her till I saw sho was nigh to fainting, and then I had to stop. She pulled this off her finger, and told mo to give it you." He pulled a little pearl ring from his pocket, and pushed it across tho table towards Roger, without looking at him. Boger picked it up, and turned it round in his fingers as if he did not know what it was — as if the sight of the little jewels dazed him. " Sho said she wished to send no unkind words, for that perhaps she'd never see you again ; hut that you must not come nigh her, for another scene with you would kill her, and she wants to live." " Lot her live then," said Rogor, in a hoarse and labored voico. " It does not matter what becomes of mo." Mr. Dixon, sturdy philistine that ho was, wiped his oyes with his handkerchief. "Boger," he. said, with a solemnity and strength of conviction which gavo dignity and something like majesty to his commonplace, outside man, "you have just cause to look up on my girl with suspicion, and to fight shy and speak ill of us all. But, lad, I tell you, wo don't know the end of it all yet. I can tell yon, my heart is heavy. There's a weight on it, as if something uncommon was comiag, or hanging about in the air somewhere. I can't mind my bnsinoss, nor eat my victuals, for thiuking of that girl, that looks liko a ghost ; and why, that's what I want to know — why ?" " I'm afraid," said Roger, in alabored voice, but instinctively trying to give comfort to the man who was older and weaker than himself, " that sho may have begun to care for some one else, who perhaps doesn't respond as she could wish. If so, it is best for her to bo free from inc." " Choose what it is, it's a heavy trouble for us all," said Mr. Dixou wearily. "I'inofton afraid that sho was brought up with notions far above her station — Miss Wynter, end all that ; but, somehow, I never took it to be anything seriously wrong, . . . YonTl not look upon mo as an enemy, Roger, for I've fought for you through thick and thin?" " Au enemy — God forbid ! I know you have been my fricud all through." " Wo are going to scud her away," pursued Mr. Dixon. " She has asked to go down to my sister in Devonshire, a widow, who has often wnnted to have a visit from her. She says if she gets away from all this ("all what ?" thought Roger, a thick dread at his heart — " lier home, her friends, her natural life, with all its hopes aud interests ?") onco away, sho thinks she'll bo better. So wo shall send her. I won't stay. I've dragged myself here, and I shall drag myself back again. Can you shako hands with me, my lad?" Boger unhesitatingly gave him his hand, went with him to the door, and saw him walk away ; then returned, to try aud understand tho meaning of whut hud befallen him. Ho was surprised to find that after a time, instead of reproaching Ada, even in thought, he was oc cupied, iu trying to recall auy occasions ou which iio might have spoken harshly to her, and in mentally- imploring her to' forgive him his trespasses, and iu wishing that he had but the chance to do it in so many words ; while his sense of tlio mysterious terror that huug over her grew greater every moment. Ho did notlcaveBradstanecarliorthan ho had intended. A great calm and a great pity had sottlod upon his soul. Ho found himself able to speak freely to- Michael ot. what had happeaed — to tell him more of his inner thoughts aud feelings than, in all their long intimacy, h'o had ever divulged before. He told Michael what Ada was' going to do, arid ho said — "When she comes back, for my sake, Michael, yon will pay a little heed to her, and. let me know how she looks, at any rate." " You may trust me to do it " "It is all quite over between us. I have a feeling that that is quite certain ; but I don'i feel as if we knew everything yet. And God forbid that I should judge her in tlio dark. A girl doesn't carry on as she is doing, either from lightness of mind or hardness of heart." This was as Michael drove him along tho lanoi to Darlington to catch tho night train, Michael said nothing. Frieudship demanded that what Roger required of him in this matter, he should do, whatover ho might think of the cause of his friend's distress. 