The Storyteller. The Treasure of Thorburns. CHAPTER XXI. WACE ONSLOW. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. GEORGE GENEST had so peremptorily for bidden himself to callers, that the servant would not take in Mr. Esking's name, and Mr. Genest, [?]en., was out, so the visitor returned, raging in • fashion most unusual with him. But by dinner time hi* compotare tv re restored. Even such nerves oould not quite sustain the part which Mr. Baking liked to pUy At his own table, learned bat genial, with a word upon every subject, suggestive of deep reading, bat not beyond the capacity of any guest Feeling himself unequal-to that cheery digoi&ed; convene, he prudently took another line, and chattered in high ipirita. Hilda noted the revolution with anxiety that ap proached despair. She had time to think in the interval betwixt parting with Eldred and meet* ingher father. Her indignation—that is, her confidence— Kve way, a thousand recollections harassed r. George's warning came back with a bitter force she nad not recognised at the time. Eldrad's conduct in maintaining friendly terms was monstrous, but he, accuser, might trifle with dignity and good faith; her father, aocuted, would be shamefully weak to endure a trace. And he was not weak; no such eons fort could his daughter lay to her souL The new possibility put forward in her passion, that Mr. Eskiog must regard the charge as too absurd for resentment, Hilda could not sustain that to herself on reflection. Most distressing of all was the thought that he must have felt the significance of Eldrcd's declaration that within a tew hours he hoped to know where his Treasure lay. She remembered now that he showed embarrassment, and then, perhaps after farther explanation, he left Thorburns nastily, alleging sudden illness; but on reaching home * Th* right qfpablieatfam in Queensland oC" The Treasure of Tnorbonu" him Men pnrobaatd by Ike Brisbane Newspaper Oompanj, Limited. he drove forthwith to the Warrenage! And now, instead of that reconcilement which even a guiltless person might display when the test approaches/ he was almost noisy. Hilda felt sick at heart, she did not even ask after his heilth; nor did Kate. The excuse was trans parent. After dinner, Mrs. Fanshawe took an oppor tunity of referring to the matter of their con* versation. " I was sinfully gratified to see yon drive away with Mr. Genest Whatever passed between you was unbefitting a Sabbath morn, I fear, but I trust that it led you to avoid a much heavier sin. Do you feel now that you could have married him, Hilda, conscientiously before Heaven and man ?" "I have not to ask myself the question— it answered itself. I am deeply grateful to you, aunt. There la no farther talk of my marriage." " Then I give thinks, child, and yon, do not forget the overruling Providence whose instru ment I am. If you had found, on reflection, that you loved this young man, I should have been happy. His leanings, I understand, are not evil, though worldly; his position is good, an old family, and the prospect of a career. But if you do not love him these things are nought! I rejoice that it is broken off. we will say no more, but remember your devotions, Hilda. And now, what are we to do, Kate and I ? Does my brother yet know what has happened ?" "Papa knows that I cannot marry Mr. Genest, but I have not yet told him that we have come to an understanding." "Do not delay. Tell him to-night—at once. How do you think he will take it r Mrs, Fan shawe added weakly. " He. will not say much, I think—he is pre pared." _ "No, my dear, but what will he doT What is to be our position? You see we were invited to see you through your wedding, as it were. John may consider that, since the wedding is off, we should return immediately." ''lam quite sure he will not, aunt. I shall *¥ m tolet you "nata *• long as you please, and he will certainly approve." "Well, Hilda, I hope so. This easy life, in a house well-appointed and well controlled, ii a sort of relief to me. I must say you manage the servants and everything most admirably. The elders might declare me very indulgent, but they are not brought up to such things as I was. A man servant is vanity-thi. hand some furniture and the strange costly things wound might be a temptation to the flesh. They aw not so to me, Hilda. It is in a chast ened spirit I regard them, ac familiar pleasures once, now gone, as all earthly things most I find fruit for meditation not unprofitable in observing such lusts of the flesh and of the eyes once more." The philosophy waa confused. Hilda oould not help smiling, and Mrs. Fanshawe plunged yet deeper in the effort to reconcile a harmless satisfaction in the luxurious comforts of life with the ethics taught by her creed. Kate's arrival was welcome to both. Hilda went down to tha Charter Boom. She found the door locked, and Mr. Esking did not open it for some minutes. He had been engaged in a longing desperate examination of the leather chest. Never through a life not unevent ful in temptations of the kind had he felt suoh a maddening desire to break bis plighted word. Very briefly Hilda told her tale. It did not ! Ui>pSle vMJ; fc*ing * cou"«. »n<l »t the point to "jiioh things hurried it scarely annoyed him. If Waos Onslow displayed the acumen which he almost surely would, within twenty-four hours the crash must come. That was not a reason with Mr. Esking for the breach of his share in the agreement, bat if George released him, yery good. He turned at onoeto another combination. How flldred had com to learn that his Trea sure lay in ths oldest part of Thortrarns had occupied very few moments of thought. Mr. Esking saw at once that Hubert musthave told 5i m ta_MP |fis of w*«nge. While waiting for hi(L?* ril a ff*' h« enclosed the IO Uin a letter to Thwaito, directing him to proceed with the utmost rigour of the law; and dismissed that question. Matters vastly more important than revenge occupied his mind, but in passing he dealt a blow at an enemy. ••Well, my dear,"he said, smiling kindly, •'if you and George have settled it, I can only hope that you know best where your happiness lies. I keep my daughter for a few months more, and that is so much gained in my point of view." - 11A few months, pepar " I dare not hope mere than that A father must not expect to keep the loveliest girl in England, who has a handsome fortune toe. even in a lonely place like this, much beyond her nineteenth birthday. There is compensation also, when one comes to think of ft, in our friendlestness. The rapture of your engagement will not get into the papers-it will Hardly be talked of in the county. By the-by, there is no occasion to detain your aunt any longer." MI should like her to remain, papa- and " Very much ? Then let it be so. It is not actually impossible, perhaps, that we may have to summon them again before long." "What for!" " */ d^ r»* 01 ***** from ■ J««lf that yon had two strings to your bow-that is, another string lies ready to your hand, if you pl?" t?. uke H QP* Don>t look •» preternata »s>?£&£?»"•" «•»-•*« 4THe went so far as that? Well, my child, to speak of another suit in the sane day that one isbroken off might be pronoonoedlndeli cato by Miss Grundy, so I will say no more." ac possible I might ma^ M^^orburMhoogh assured that I will never marry now without love?" , "5' m,! ■?* i8, 0n9 of **• *»••* joongmen in England, and handsome too. A deal of romance hangs about him. He did yon a stnkiag service the first time yon met Allow me my little joke to enliven this grave subject He has done a number of fine things since, in the fanest way, such as facing a desperate sailor, pulling a knife out of his arm, reccing a gentle man from a biasing brougham—very original that situation—and I don't remember what besides. Then, he has a most interesting old house, and a pretty fortune. Moreover, his cn«racter so singularly matches yours that if weddings are made in heaven one iright piously think you were intended for one another. Yes, upon the whole, my dear, I regard it ac quite possible you might marry Mr. Thorburn r * " Oh ?^wbi* t nan**"* nen are Forgive me. Iwaslhinking that Mr. Thorbum holds the same view—he who accuser my father of theft, and my father who is accused f" "What-what?" For once Mr. Eskingwas taken aback; but before she could answer he recovered himself, and continued smiling "Did Thorburn tell you this grotesque story ?" 111 made it out from what you said, paps, and George said, and Mr. Thorburn himself said to-day. I have known for a Ion? while that there was something. Oh, challenge him to the proof, appeal to the law, take any steps. Don't, papa, oh, don't sit down under this charge, and keep on terms of acquaintance with the man who darts to l»y an infamous charge •gainst you!" " Hilda, I have passed many years of repute among men, and respect towards myself. My name is known widely, and wherever known it is honoured. lam sorry, awfnlly sorry, that this foolish tale has reached your ears, but when you consider my position, and that of the young man who makes the charge, you can understand that I laugh at it. Eldred Thor burn has a host of good qualities, but no expe rience of civilised life. He is used to holding it not possible only, but probable, that a neigh hour might steaL Though the soul of honour himself, as I feel very sure, existence among dishonourable and reckless men has given him suspicions out of place here. What does he know of my stainless reputation ? lam but a neighbour, like others, and neighbours in his experience, as I have said, steal when they get the opportunity. This is not suggesting that Thorburn belongs to that class. He feels himself, and is, I repeat, an exception. But it explains my conduct under the circumstances. I understand, and I simply laugh. Why should I not keep on terms of acquaintance with a young fellow who acts honestly enough in his mistaken point of view ?" Mr. Baking gave just time enough to realise the force of his argument, not to summon the arguments contra. "Now go, dear," he said pleasantly. •• Dis miss all these anxious imaginings. Remember always that I do not blame Thorburn for acting according to his light*. He is a coble fellow, as keen on the point of honour as gallant, and big enough to contain all the virtues in a proportion quite abnormal." Laughing cheerfully, he bade Hilda good night, and led her to the door. The change in his face as he stood filling his churchwarden after she had left was finely dramatic. Thus many a successful actor, with death at his heart, abruptly resumes his pains and terror* at the wings. Next morning came a note from George. After an apology, he continued: "But I cannot see what good purpose an interview would serve now. Miss Esking has told you what took place. In the other matter I with draw. If lam questioned by anyone who has authority to ask, I shall teU everything, and bear tho consequences." Mr. Eaking paled with scornful anger, thought awhile, and dismissed the groom with a message that he would follow immediately. Mr. Gencst was sitting with his son, and he scowled at the visitor so savagely that Mr. Etkinar spoke first to him. "Thing* have taken an unfortunate turn, sir. I perceive, or I imagine, that you know enough of the circumstances to understand my my position and tout son's. "I understand nothing at all!" replied the Squire hastily, mindful of the penalties in curred by an accomplice after the fact. *' But I see that you and your daughter have almost killed my boy. Look at him 1" George was a wreck indeed. His nerrous temperament had collapsed under their trials and anxieties; his face was drawn like that of 'a broken old man; hi* eye*, unnaturally shining, had a hunted look. Mr. Etking was " I feel for yon deeply, believe me! George, yon must go away. Dismiss all this business from your mind, and regain composure with health. I should recommend a German spa, or, better still, a long tour in Italy." 41 What nonsense! You know he couldn't K alone, nor cheap; and I could as soon raise o thousand pounds as two hundred!" " You must allow me to help you. Don't cry out, George I I feel myself responsible for this unfortunate state of thing*. Let me arrange it with yonr father." " I would rather starve 1" 44 Bot consider my feelings! I can bear the consequences of my act with calmness so far as they touch me; but to think that you were suffering would be exquisitely painful. I feel it upon that ground alone a* a favour. You can enter into my feelings, Mr. Genest?" "Why. yes, George. Who makes, pays. Mr. Esking is the cause of all your misfortunes—as I have been led to understand I—and he only doe* what is right in proposing to remedy the mischief." 41 Then, George, beside* the' question of health, think how desirable it i* you should go away.* 411 can't go with your money 1" 411 must tell you that the crisis is at hand. This evening, in all human probability, the case of defence we have so often considered will break down" Mr. Genest rose suddenly. " I don't want to hear your private business. Let me see you before you go, sir!" He left the room. 44 This evening, George," whispered Mr. Biking, drawing close to his ear, 4> Thorburn will find out, and will be able to prove, that a hole ha* been dug in his property, and some thing abstracted within a short time back. He will be able, at length, to connect what evi dence he has with the removal of that some thing. The strong part of our case fails. Proceedings may be taken, and they will 1" The hunted look turned to agony; perspira tion sprang to the tortured face. 41 And what shall you do ?" 44 Nothing, if you are reasonable. I ask you to let me break open the chest and secure it* contents. Then we are safe." 441 refuse—l refuse—never I I will write to Thorburn—tell him all, and trust to his mercy!" Mr. Esking 'did not try to persuade or to threaten. He saw that another word might drive the youth to this decisive act upon the spot. "Then the alternative is to go away within an hour. Leave me to fight. I swear that you shall never be brought under suspicion. If things come to a rfsk of that, I will confess aIL That I swear, George, and my word was never broken till this day." Mr. Genest put his head into the room. "I* it settled ?" 44 Yes. You must start in an hour. Poor George's health is reason enough. Put aside all business, Genest, and get him away. Buy what you want as you travel." He slipped a pise* of papsr into the Sqcdnfs hand, whisper- ing, "If you leave an address, don't hurry to Ret there. Good-bye, George. Dismiss all your cares. lam resi onaible, and only 1!" Limp as a rag, Gtcrge faltered: "I rely on your word of honour!" " And you will not bo deceived. Good-bye. Genest." J ' So he went, and by the afternoon father and son sturted. They lrft England by the night trai», and they vanUh from ray story. Wace Onalow had given no intimation of the time he would arrive. At the hour of lunch Eldred, with Mendel, was looking from the front door. They Baw a lean, tall, black bearded young man carrying a small port* raanteau, who briskly walked up the avenue: and they went to meet him. "Mr. OqhIow?" said Eldred, offering his hand. "I am Borry 1 did not know what time to expect you. You've had a long walk." "Delightful! Your village of Burnside is a chapter of archa>logy !" Tho stranger laughed, a curious croking laugh, "from the mouth out ward;" a sound familiar to learned men all over Europe, reverenced by the accurate and conscientious, liated and dreaded by those who rushed into theory before mustering their facts. " Burr.side is no longer my village. You see very nearly the whole estate that belongs to tho Thorburn family to-day." Mr. Onalow laughed thoughtfully and softly, eyeing the Gate Towers; to avoid repetition of a habit which was inseparable from the charac ter, it may be taken for granted that he made this strange cackling noise after every observa tion of another'?, and began crying after one of his own. "I always understood that Thorburns was the most interesting house in England. Once on a time ray father and I .meditated a visit on our way north, but they told us it was guarded by a human Cerberus, with much more than its due proportion of dogs' heads, and we passed by. What a sad ruin!' "It was the Banqueting Hall, which I propose to rebuild with tho assistance of your knowledge." "Ahl I don't say you are wrong! An arctiaological fanatic might declare that florid Elizabethan matches badly with this fa >ade of the very earliest Tudor style. But I have mentioned that history should fit itself to architecture. This porch, nevertheless, makes too great a demand on charity. I couldn't tolerate that." "Doesn't it belong to the period of the house?" " A very bad attempt at imitation by some country builder in the eighteenth century! Ah, an excellent hall! If my father came here we should have warm words about the screen. He would almost break it up for firewood rather than let it stand." "Do you mean this beautiful oak wall?" Arthur asked. "We call it a screen. It marks the time when your grandfathers, Mr Thorbutn, ceased to dine with their household at a common table. They then found the hall too large, and divided it. 15811" he remarked the date In gilded figures. " Curiously late for an altera tion of this kind, when the hall was still the living room as here. It tells that your ances tors stood in the vias antiquat much longer than most people of their station. Very curious. I would go so far as to reopen the other doorways, though." "Which doorways? 7' "Why, there were three, you observe, originally, closed with our tains, perhaps. Yes. there are the hooks, but they are later, I see. The Mr. Thorburn who put up this screen could not find it in his heart to break from old usages entirely. Though he divided the hall, it was more for appearance sake than for a real partition." " I thought it a solid structure," said Eldred. "Not at all. We have the date of the original division—l6Bl. It consisted simply, to use plain words, of the upper part and these four pillars. His son of the first innovation probably began to till the openings, and very pleasingly he did it. An addition, made, I should think, about the time of the Common* wealth, still further closed or narrowed the doorways, and the curtains were hung. Bat the aotual blocking of two out of the three gaps which had now become mete doorways was not done until—yes, until the early Bruns* wick period. They were filled in with oak boards, you see, hardly panelled. I should take them away, Mr. Thorburn I" " It shall be done forthwith, Mr. Onslowl" Eldred was delighted with his visitor; able to distinguish between mere self-confidence and that higher form which springs from assured knowledge—as every farmer must be, more or less, but especially the farmer in wild countries —he saw that this young man under stood his business exactly. They lunched, and, while eating—drinking also—with robust appetite, Mr. On slow kept his eyes about him, eager, quick, inquisitive as a bird's. He marked everything around, identified the armorial bearings at a glance, translated a mysterious sign here and there read the storied walls in short like an open book. Very early in the repast, Eldred sent for pencil and paper. He learned more abont his house and his family in half-an-hour than any Thorburn perhaps had known. Arthhr Mendel had not been as bright as usual that day; so abstracted and thoughtful, in fact, that Eldred bad asked after his health! Bat this antiquarian ilecture roused him. He could not believe that a man who laughed in that' extraordinary fashion could be an authority, and showed in boyish fashion his distrust. Wace Onslow was much amused, and began to smile—quite another sign of feeling. With the air of an amiable person who instructs a child, he explained and illustrated his views. Mendel was not convinced, of coarse, since he could not follow the argument even to the a b c. but he was shut up, and therefore, as might be expected, took offence. Bo it happened that he remained indoors, smoking, when the others rose to enter on that survey for which the visitor had been aaked. Eldred had beon rather puzzled to find a means of getting rid of him. Mr. Onslow went through the house and round it with extreme interest, declaring again and again that every foot was history in stone. Nowhere did he hesitate a moment in fixing a date or a purpose, excepting in the case of the Pool Dam. That extraordinary cutting did not puzzle him exactly, but it stopped hia coherent sequence of cause and < tfect, so to. speak. "This," said he, after regarding it in every point of view, " must be put down to eccentricity, or to a personal object. It was not made for defence, nor, so far as we can judge, for decoration or amusement. The instincts of men never change—forms only are varied. There was no general purpose in digging this pit, or what you may call it, Th« idea was individual, and for snch thtafcfe \i is Bscless to ask an explanation." Se that feature Was dismissed. Eldred offered no suggestion until the long examination was finished, but he called par ticular attention to the windows and sub structure overlooking the Pool Dam, which Mr. Esking declared to be de Warenne's build- Ing. T<Of that period beyond doubt," said Mr. Onslow. "I had forgotten that my eminent Colleague lived so near. He ia an audacious lantiquarian, but very sound—a dangerous man to contradict." Eldred looked about him with a vague sense of disappointment yet, mingled with it esuiously, a great relief. After his guests had Cone the day before, he had made a close •crutiny of this part. The big fiat paving •tones of the terrrace had not been moved certainly, and the rooma within, unoccupied for generations past, had their locks so rusted sip that he was oblieed to break thorn open at his first visit, weeks before. He had examined them cautiously, too, before meddling with them, and assured himself they wore intact. Either the Treasure had not been hidden there, and Mr. Esking deceived his nephew—in which ease the clue was lost again—or it bad not bees recovered, and his suspicions were ridiculous. The Utter supposition he could hardly en tertain, recalling events, though he would have liked to do to. And the former was distaste- They spent a long time in the circuit. Reach tofT »ne front door again, Mr. Onslow said < '•Now, let me know exactly what you want, " Simply, which part of asy house is the oldestl" "The south angle* beyond question. We will view it from the inside, if you please." They did so, traversing the hall, where Arthur still sat disconsolate. " When you've done," Baid he, without mov log, "I shall be grateful for a little human company." " Our business today is with the rate, sir," Mid Mr. Onslow. "You do not think these pavements have been disturbed?" Eldred asked, when they penetrated into the small low-vaulted rooms. " Not for many generations, I should say with confidence." "Then," after all was examined, "you are •mto certain this is the oldest portion of the building ?" "Quite J Now. Mr. Thorburn, with your leave I will visit the Gate Towers. It seemed to sac, In passing, that they—or one of them, at lear,t—are unique." M "How ! Not for antiquity V " That ia one point I should think it pos sible, apeaking at random-, that the Clock Tower may date from the twelfth century, probably longer." •* Bless me, Mr. Onslow, why didn't you say fjhatbefero! Come along." "I didn't understand. The word 'house' does not generally include outbuildings, jKOBpt for legal purposes. I beg your par von. *' It was my fault. Say no more." Eldred'a heart beat as he led the way hastily. "I knew there were ghosts here!* Arthur cried, as they passed through the hall, ob jarring hia face, "Come Wk and Ml a fellow all about it." Mr. Onslow made a thorough survey of the outside, haviug a little time to himself, whilst Eldred followed Impatiently. Broken sen fences escaped him. "Anglo- Saxon! Yes, positively !-touched to part by very early Norman. They added a little ornament to the top of the window there, Jfou see-perhaps damaged in a siege. This, 1 take it, wai the the burgh of Mornfngbara or Morninton. There should be walls round it T "There are—or the foundations. They en does/* the courtyard until a recent date I" *Ab, well look at those presently. Now, let us go inside. The door entirely rebuilt, you seo. But not a stone moved in the in terior! Unique, Mr. Thorburn, unique! Where are the stain ?" He began to throw down the heaps of timber piled against the Watt. "You must have this cleared. Mr. Thorburn, and the ivy out away. It's a •JMOument! I'm glad my father isn't here— fee would be seised with a fit in sheer delight I Tee, steps perfect, like all the rest! Wonderful —wonderful! Blocked are they ? We mast have more plans out at once, Mr. Thorburn ! I ■aw some workmen—but stay I I must look at them too! Don't be in a hurry I" Sldred was vexed, but this excitement made apirtt in the exclamation. " I'm fn no hurry to clear the staircase, I •ssmre you," he said, "but very anxious to foUew up the matter for which I invited you down." * Mr. Onalow calmed auddenly. "I am at your service, air. Regarding this Tower, my report ia that it must be more ancient than are Warenne's building by four centuries—l ■peak of this vault It may be five, perhaps mx, not improbably seven. There are too few exceptions of the sort remaining for precise comparison. If yon excavate—as I sincerely trust you will-it may prove that a burgh stood on these foundationstwelvehundred years ago." "You are staying the night, Mr. Onslow, and, in fact, aa long as you pleat). Prom to-morrow morning I give the Clock Tower Into your hands, and I will find what labour you want" "OhJ Will you allow me to send for my father !*' ** Send for whom you like, but give me your attention now. I have reason to think that a Treasure was buried by fone of my ancestors under the oldest part of this house. This is the oldeat part, you say. Now attend to the point" Mr. Oaslow heard with a gratified interest " How loag ago ?" he asked. "At the date when William de Warenne dis possessed us for a time. You know when that was?" "Excellent, indeed! No possible circums tance other than that could increase the delicious fascination of this building! Now, hare you any further details?" '• In that case, let us clear the pavement to bpgin with. Prima facie, we look for a buried Object in the middle of the room—after that in the corners. So human nature'works." Aa eagerly as he threw the timbers down almost Mr. Onslow piled them up again. " Can you nnd a beanos. ?" "Inaffioment." Eldml returned with tbn implement, Mr. Onslow was shovelling the duafc away with hii #M and hands, mote th*aghtfaU}Than when he left Taking the besom silently* he bleared the space which, to far aft he could &uess;, would be the centre of the vault. " Yet," he said at length, "it is aa I feared. Somebody has been before us, aa usual ttt these caaes. the stones have been oettly relaid, but you observe>theso biffe of Roman cement crop ping pp. Ah, 6 sad pity, if a Treasure was buried hefre." " Wait, sir," Eldred said, pale with an«er and excitement "It ias o'clocki The work men are going away. In a few minutes we will settle the question^ Mr. Onslow cheerfully resumed hl> survey of the outside* while Eldred stood silent by the door. The masons* plftmWt, and carpenter* had already begun to gather. In a few minutefe they passed down the avenue. He brought a pick and shovel. They act to work. It was an easVtask to dislodge the stones so lately moved. Within five minutes the secret was oftH—the bits of wood, tools, and rubbish Jrhtch Mr. Esking had filled in reappeared. Eldred put them carefully aside. Neither spoke, saving a few brief words about their labour, until Mr. Onslow said t "We have come to the original soil. Throw in again. Now, aits be Careful/ He knelt beside the deepening pit and watched every shovelful of earth, dry as desert sand\ after ages of shelter from the rain. " That's metal—that's the remains of wood ! By Heaven, perhaps there really was some thin* buried ) 00, slow, Mr. Thorborn!" M n You can't doubt it," Eldred answered fiercely, "when a thief has evidently been digging here!" " What does that prove ?—simply that other people had heard your legend I But—l begin to think"— They had sunk beneath the level at which Mr. Baking had found the Ghent. Every turn Of the spade threw Up bits of wood, crumbling with dry rot, and fragments of green corroded metaL Mr. Onalow became deeply excited. " There are the remains of a boa," he baid low. tt Oently-gently!" But presently Bldred worked through the deposit, and struck dry soil again. For an hour he persevered, widening the mouth recklessly. But nothing more turned up. " You may give over, sir," esid Mr. Onslow. "We are below the Treasure. It has bWen removed —and not long ago." "Yon will swear to that!" "I will swear that such is my confident opinion—and see r [tO BB CONTINUED.] 