Widow Watson. \---4~--- By B. P. WHITWOBTII. A wct Christmas. You know what tha means onu the diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it also means a big washing up, and consequent plenty of gold, with its concomitante, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils' dance gene rally that characterirs the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of, let as say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on toe gold-ields seems to cast over the memories of those who have lived long enough to recollect them. The days of easy getting,and reckless spending, of desperate toil and mad revel, of hardships a. d danger, and thought. leess waste, of crime perhaps, and suffer. ing. And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst those bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the murky clouds by which they are environed. Such an one, of many I have known, occurs to me A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded bump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizz!e, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the steep hill sides of which the miners sought their rich treasure. The roads and tracks, such as they were, were covered with a thick layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejected as she usually does under such conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared off, and the sun even got a chance now and again to lighten up the prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked out side, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to say devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to. bacco and the odor of rum, and fringed with a garniture of choice digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bullocky Ben, the burly landlord of the " Pick and Shovel," who was usually of a grumbling dispcastion, was heard to declare that there hadn't been such a "roust up," since he'd been in the country. Drinking, swearing, smoking, dancing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card playing, were in full blast, and poker, euchre, cribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, by which the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the scene further ? Those of the olden time who have been in it and of it, will easily realize it, those who have not, never can. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, the slosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from the direction of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from the bush into view. Hle was a big, stalwart fellow, black.bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life fought yet not always won. He was clad in the inevitable slouched billy-cock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or afray. Curly, for that was the seoubriquet by which he was mostly known, was indeed a hard case, honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard swearing, graceless reprobate, a type, in short, of a class of which there were so many in those days. As he came down the hill and approached the fallen tree which served as a bridge over the yellow rushing creek, a sudden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shelter, in a little shed attached to a small slab hut a little way back from the track; and, without intending to be an eavesdropper, he could not help overhearing what was being said in the sorry dwelling. By-and-by his attention and his curiosity were aroused, and as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in the logs, he could see without being seen, he looked in. The room was meanly and scantily furnished, and by the empty tire place, seated on a low stool, was a woman of some thirty years of age. She had a gray, faded, serrowful look, the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alas, so indehbly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, and, on a roughly constructed bunk of sap lings, eat two other coildren, girls, of about four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, the widow and fatherless childrenot lHarry Watson, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The ccmpany had buried him, and had done something for the widow, certainly, but ohl so little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved, and never paraded her poverty, she seemed to have dropped out of taind. " I'ee doin' to hand my 'tokin' up to' Fanta Flaus to put sumfin' in, den wo's have a dood dinner, eh, mamma ?" the little follow said, as Curly peered in. The widow's eyes filled with tears, but she made no reply. " Santa Claus decen't comse so high up in these ranges as we live," Esid the elder girl. " Yes he does." said the younger, " don't you remember, once, ?t Chr,,tmas, he put something in our stockings. I got a bright new sixpence and a doll. But that was be fore pa died." "Ise doin' to be a Lig man soon, I is," said the little boy, bravely, "den I'soe doin' to be a didder 'ite ps, and 'den I's det p'enty money an' finhgs. Isn't I ma ?" " Oh children, children," said the widow, choking back a sob, and emiliong, or trying to sEmile through her fallnmg tears, "we are poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll ba better ofl some day, and then-and then--" But tbhe poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. "What mates you always try so, ma 1" acsked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded face with his chubby hands. "Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent.help. les little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. Icry because I have no food to give you, hardly any tiring, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that is all. When that's gone, God help us." "'God will help us, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always speak the truth," said the elder girl, caressingly, and clasping the widow round the neck,and softly kiesing her. "Besides I'm not hungry, at least, ret very." Curly could bear no more. lIe madelount as if he would have knocked at the door, cs after a moment's hesitation, he turned astuu away. The "Pick and Shovel"-and, for the matter of that, every otbher hotel and ahanty in the townh-ip-was doing a roearing trada thatevening, and Bfllocky Ben, his wile, Jim the barman, )oall )awd, the big. red haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the cdd job man, waa bashy as they molt be. reip ing in the golden harvest. The bar was f:il, the parlor was fall, so wa the I:g doing room, so was the kitchen. Te atmsepthre was thick with taotea woke, the nciee wo ?prarious, as C'riy tro?nc in fro:: the mad paddle that dii dc; a the =ai street -Hello, Cariy." Fh~tei Leo; Ne . the packer, as he soao-t _i:t: of C:rly' fact in thedoorway. "WthEre yu b;ee ? Pr= me if youa don't look as EcaTd m if V :a I-Sn a There was a loll in te h:o-:b, as every one in tsheroom tomete lck at nhie new oamer's solemn ceonterr ce. ie did 1=cc scared ensogin in sober fan:. "Boy-," said Corly, i= reeivey. I : seen a ghost, and :h a ;h:o: as I cL.' sEay rm sorryfor seirg. A-I it'. fe:-Lhd ., yoabet Fetohed me cy s·ta dr- . as. feller may say." There was a dead Eeco, ad ozrt .=: asked: "What have ynu Se` " "A ghot, mates. TC ^'': a ~is I- -::; gone by. The ghn, of f:r;:::n u.ire. Tfe gbhot of undone dc-t. The men looked at him. ad e: et r in rprise. Even the co:s p-:eir_ e se.?li their ames. "Bays," he w=at ca, "I'e s?: t:i blessed rnTin what's w rhcat: t '- 'at canEr into my eyes, a·d by '; rce: I : ashamed to eay it. I-: al rcc=- =5er `::r Harny Wateca, as was ied s: the L:t Tunnel two year sce einc e r e " Yee, yet.' "Well, I happene-d to be ypari :he Widder's this a!ternacn, asd trcd into :he lean-to to eltter cut o' the ra'n, ad there 1 see and hear emo3mt ar laid me ct:. knt?oke the sawdaut clean cut c' me. T?c?" w-A that poor creatur' a-aittinc tryin' cver the fatherless babbies-eryin', oat., oe`rc.t of havln' no food to Fgie 'em. Think ' that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and ro food togire 'em. I couldn't stand their in noamt talk, by Gerrae I coalin'r, I had to cut and run. If I hadn't I esho:d ha' blobbed right out. Now, you'e a' hell z'dt that Santa Clain as bring things fIr kids o Chriotmu eve Y" " Ye, ye.." "Very well. This 're's Christma eve, and we've had a good weEhin' op, all on us. Nlow,what I mean for to ray is this 'ere. that Walhalla's not goin' to be played eo low down on a not to hare a Santa Cisu of its own. And that Sata Clause is goin'o o the Widde?Me this very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain't a mean lit o' okunks on these diggin'e, not as I knows on. Taere' myhat,fnd there's my pound note in the crown on it. Anybody can cover it as Bmdigo Sam, the biggest rough and bally, and the most inveterate gambler on the :eld, roae quietly from the table, saying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voice: "Pat doo? youreards, boys, t'm in this I reckon. Thare's my pound. Who's next ?" There was no need to ask. - In a moment Carly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and notes, gold, and silver were pored into the hat as if by magic. "Pras it round here," called someone from the bar, and the PaCtolean stream roIled in. -Pass it roanund the township,' criol ine enthusiastlc eontributor, "I reekon we mountain boye do thir?e right up to the nines when we do 'em at all" And itwas done. So=e " ve in money, ome in ind. The affair by ~ 'm s means had epread through the place, ad all:ave mometCing, the resh being that Santa Ci?-s must have had a very big p:ak inde-A to hold half the oferings of the?.e rea;h a ready, but generous, dOelers in the wioeir Toe township appeare2 t to pe cpirei d with some treat and profound secret all that evening. Men who C?t in the hotels, s?res, or street, whispered to each ether oyte. riouely, or cnnver-ed in to r, a: ma toucs. Even the card players at tSe tsaercn seemed to be preoer:pied. and ;'nlidio Sam twite made amiudea.a thinhehsl neerhefore been known to do within the memory ol his odl:t acquointance. cloarrels were made cp, 01o (riendehips which mit betn Cesetel, ren eed, and. eingolar to relate, for the fr.et time in the history of Walhallsa the eve of festival was allowed to pFa's withost a fih:, : a solitary indiidasl being "'ran in' to the police camp. It was s if the inlati:tsr had had premonition lof soe crs: moral earthq ake or volcmnic errup:ion. At a little lOter midai;ht bail a s??:e of stout fellows, each Icaded up with a packase more or less bulky and weighty, might hvre been seen moving ters!hily along the valley in the direction of the wibo'As rteiRece. The rain had ea.'ed, and a watery moon shone in the firmament, now v ibt'e, now obscured by the driving t c i overhead. Toere was not a eoand aave the harsh brhrl iag of the ewoli-.n creek, and the querlcu? whimper of some balatedt pe s'm in the dis taut bush. Noiselessly they approached the I- c bin. All was silence, at: darkn' s. Ncieleely they laid down their thurEs at the do^r nuder the little ovErhanging poreh, and as noiselesly they ;ided away sp?in, fading out into the semi-darkness like 'o many Ehadowy epectreE. Meanwhile the children e:ept plaefolly, dreaming, it might be. of the an-rIie qufire why hailed the natal day c' the s;ol chill with exultant carole of transendent see:t ness more than ei,h:ee~ cen:uries before. Slept, each with ite little tacking pFinned above its head in childish faith in the dear oldlegend we all know and l?ho to teach. The hoour of darkness ePpd. The 1:,il bird and ma-cie hailed the advent of the sacred morning with the otaO -iit moic GI their joyous notes. The rosy ·tIch of :rza spread over the eastern Eky, lighting up the peaks that roce tier after tier io the grey die tance. Toe fresh crisp w?dn r.?:le the leafy ecreen of the loi;p gums tnt the ?ecet Eeoted wattle blocso:n, and the mo:her rose fromn her blaly couch to p:epore tioe mi re mornincg .eal wi:h the moin:are in her eyeas, and tao dull a"ch- of blank despair in her heart. No need for her to look in:o thoe- poor little otockin:e hanoing at the bled hesd. N need to wake ihe lti:le --!kI cr` to the die appointment that: mit come tO3 o-30. Se went quietly and ~i ntly to work, built up Eome kadlino for the ire, then Opened the door to get a etick or two of wood from the small store is the shed. (;eat heaven I what as thi? \Wa it a dream? Was it a m:ckiery of the enes: ? Was it witchcra!t? Ahead ol pls:kaea hofil?l ints: the door way. and on the topmost one a card Eecurely ewn, and bearine the inscription: 'Tae Widow and ehilren Wasreon, from St~ts Clas." ihe stagzered back into the room. and, ina voice that seemed ercreely her oewe, called on the little coca to wake and eee this marel of marvels. Marvel ofrvelo verl indeed. \'onder bayond all wondering. Tae very embacrrea ment of ribhes. Tct chilten hal neve~r seen anything like is bEforer. lnor, tea, sugar, butter, cheese, haon., a lot gooCe, tinned meats-why go on enumerstinz. There wao evcrythinig honan eye ?al ever seen, or human heart could desire. F:ool of allkinds, materials for c!lhing,. ueo lef toys as the townehip could arf rd, poor thin- enough, but, to them, of lricedeoo value. And, last ol all. the little boy camne to a Emall parcel carsfully stitchbd up in a pieci ofe canvas. "I Here mamma," he eaid, " he'e a iekleheavy one, Itan't 'ilt it. The mothel:r raised it from the ground. It Wac heavy, aery heavy cfor its rize. On cpenin.e it what wee her aPtcniehment to find it fi!led with money, aper, gcldJ. silver of all denomicna atone. Her heaut was foll. "Oh my darIings, "ehe tried so an estaCy of grstitude, "we ehaU never know Want Eagain, never, never, never. Kneel down with me and pray Gso' best b:leeing on those who at this fke:ive s=ae~o hare not forgotten to rrmember the Widow and the FatherI?ee in their a on?L ea, sTE they chbll be blewsed. Am=en, and A.cn. B:hicd a c:mDp ef b:eh. not very tar die st:. nicht; have ber Een the i1atwart .!ctr c Carly. As she fe'l an her knces. and if: her palFe face to heaven, be !uched red thro-bh hi. tr :.ed kin, tured awkwardly saway, s~i o:k Cie-yv tr? chthe tko-e a if aniij cf heiro dfetecfd. L_: cc go with bit, au3 orre Wit o WtSoon to poor at her _:1: n rao: de to the One awho rei;ne r:ý-al in the hEavrre. an whose erey . 