TALE ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you. —SlIAKSriiAHK. " Quamquam ridentem diccre veruui, Quid vetat?"—Horace. In Tasmania they are about to levy a land tax on a novel principle. The owner is to make his own valuation oi his property, and on this basis the assessment will be levied. There is, however, an option of resumption of the property by the state at the owner's estimate of its worth. This is designed to prevent under-valuation. A similar proposal was once advocated by Professor Pearson in Victoria I claimed to have first suggested the idea in this column, and the Professor handsomely admitted my claim in the preface J to a pamphlet on the subject which he subse quently published. In the Sydney papers I read of the active exertions of Messrs. Akehurst and Kewbery in seeking information there upon a question which is of vital importance, but which from its nature is not only difficult to discuss, but even to name. I am pleased to observe that a former fellow-worker in borough affairs, Councillor Cullen, of Hawthorn, is the able and sole representative in Sydney of < the Melbourne and suburban corporations in this matter. Councillor Cullen is just the kind of man who is in earnest and who travels at his own expense! I have before me three specimens of cleri cal courtesy and Christian kindness, and I think I may add honesty. Each is authentic, and in one case I have the original docu ment A lady in Victoria wrote to a friend in England asking her to obtain for her (the writer) a photographic portrait of the Rev. , vicar of Moss, "in his gown." This gentleman had, when both were young, been a close neighbour, had attended the same church, the same Sunday school, and had been on terms of friendship. This meek successor of the Apostles replied thus :— '•Vicarage, Moss, April 6. " Dear Madam, " I am not in the habit of giving away my Photograph, and if 1 were, 1 should prefer being taken in an Ecclesiastical Vestment, and not in one unauthorised by the Ciiurch like the gown. •• Yours truly, "DlCUIUll SlAIU.II. « Ur3. .» A pragmatical priest such as this is should be taken in his vestments—to the nearest pump. Another example of Christian charity charity which, St Paul said, suffereth long and is kind; charity which vaunteth not itself and is not puffed up; charity which doth not behave itself unseemly; charity which is not easily provoked, and thinketh no evil. The Rev. Mr. Slope, a young Wes leyan minister, was recently placed at Blank town. There being some sociable feeling in the township, a dance was arranged by some of the ladies of the district, and an invitation was good-naturedly sent to the new minister and his wife. This is a verbatim copy of the reply as written and punctuated by the reverend gentleman him self :— " The Rev. and Mrs. Slope decline the invitation to ' the small dance' on Thursday evening next During being absolutely incompatible with their work in life viato assist in the Salvation uot the damnation ot Humanity. •• (Signed) » ♦ * " Wosleyan Torsonage, 19 | 7 | 80." The " damnation of humanity " in the out ward form of a mild quadrille went on all the same, and no one so far seems one penny the worse for the Wesleyan'a curse. Still another gentleman of the cloth in Western Australia employed a man as gene ral servant for two years. The man left at the end of his time, obtaining from his late muter a written testimonial of his Rood cba racter. The employer was not in a position to pay the balance due for wages, but he made out an account admitting a liability for £23 12s. 6<L, which he said he would pay at an early date. After a considerable lapse of time this man asked for his money and re* ceived this instead " To Mr. T. W. " Sir,—There ia 110 necessity (or being so sharp You were always either too sweet or too saucy. I enclose tor your consideration a contra account which will 110 doubt surprise you. You can either send me an order for auiouir.of sauie.which can be de ducted from the former account, or, should you dis pute it, be prepared to have your dishonesty 6bown up in court, as I have ample proof of it.—Truly yours, J. Dasii. P.S.—I lone suspected you of stealing food lot your dag—now I have evidence of it." This is the account which was "to sut prise " the ex-servaut July -, 1SSG. Mr. T. AY To Rev. Dash. To 1 pair riding breeches £10 0 To keep of dog (Frank) for 21 months, i.e., from May G, 1884, to Feb. G, I860, being Gil days, at 3d. per day 8 0 3 Total £9 0 3 The above is vouched for by a gentleman who holds a responsible official position in Western Australia. The exigency of the postal service in wild, thinly-populated districts is nearly always satisfied by the good nature of officials and the obliging, kindly, honest manner in which missives of all kinds are speeded upon their way. A correspondent tells me that on a savage and solitary bush track he noticed an old biscuit-tin with this inscription " Will Her Majesty's mailman condescend, Just o'er his horse's neck to bend, And open up this battered tin, And place my paper there within, And if a letter he should find With two pence postage—Re 60 kind As mail it at the nearest Post, Then not till I give up the ghost Shall ever fade from memory Tiiis kindness to Bob Henry." On opening the tin receptacle my correspon dent found everything in working order—i copy of the latest issue of The A usCralasiar reposing therein—showing that " Her Ma jesty's mailman " had complied with Mr. Henry's politely-urged request. In one of the cities of Western Australia i storekeeper who has once been mayor giveE himself extraordinary airs of importance. Sitting in his office at the back of the store, he was waited on by a commercial traveller, who invited him to walk a little way dowc the street in order to look at samples. " Im possible," said the merchant, " I never deal with travellers." " But," urged the traveller, " my samples are worth inspection; thej are only a few doors distant" " I oulj deal with principals, and never waste my time on travellers." " Thank you, sir, for youi courtesy." Said the visitor as he retired. In a few minutes he reappeared. " Mr. S.': " Go away," was the salutation he re ceived. " I have no time to talk to you." " But," persisted the traveller, " I want tc buy a hat" " Oh, that's another matter," obsequiously said Mr. , " we have a nice stock—the shopman will serve you." " Cer tainly not," said the traveller, " I only dea. with principals." Up about Wilcannia the severity of tin drought has resulted in a serious dearth ol ready money. Amongst the other debtor: of a business firm were the trustees of the cemetery, who owed some £10 for printing, kc. Repeated applications for payment wet: unheeded, and at length legal proceeding: were threatened. It was then proposed tc the creditor by the trustees' secretary that he might take cut the debt in kind, by accept ing "a grave in one of the best and dries! portions of the cemetery reserve !" Here is another serious consequence ol the three years' drought on the Lachlan, about BooligaL It is a communication made to a customer by his laundress, who is not, I believe, of French extraction. It has a sad as well as an absurd significance :— " Wallaby, July 1, ISSfl. " Mr. West " Sir,— I am Hot going' to take in wasliing any more, ail, no water. The water ue got here it all drier have got uo water. The water ue gut tt»>. " Yours to qonim&nd;, " Mrs. 0' As a softgoods merchant has been an energetic Minister of Defence, it is not sur prising that a spirit of emulation should be [ aroused in the lower grades of the service. In one of the country towns a worthy and I enthusiastic tailor holds the rank of lieu tenant in the mounted rifles. His pcrfertl dttm internum takes him regnlarly to tht parade-ground, and he is a crack shot He never lets his private business interfere with his public duty. In his case has neve: occurred what Sam Slick described iu " Nature and Human Nature" " When the militia was embodied to do duty so late as the Duke of Kent's time. Ensign Lane's name was called on parade. " Not here," said f.iontannnt firnwr. " he is mendinir Senreaut Street's breeches!" vEGLES. 