%\it Mttk At the meeting of the Executive Council on Wednesday his Honor the Chief Justice was sworn in as Acting-Governor daring the absence from the colony of Sir W. C. F. ivobinsoo. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile ^^^^^^T^J^^'dateLondoo, October 29, telegraph as f oUowa : -« WooL The next sales will commence on fie 30th proximo, but the list will dose on the 23rd.' The members of the Destitute Board who recently sent in their resignations to the Chief Secretary have now withdrawn them, and it has been agreed that in future the board shall be allowed to accept the tenders for perishable articles. Means. Harrold Brothers have received a telegram from a competitor in the Hurlingham pigeon match shot in Melbourne yesterday, stating that he carried off the hundred pounds prize and Lady's Bracelet with the Greener gun. There were 49 competitors. The annual meeting of the South Australian Freetrade League was to have been held in the board room of the Young Men's Christian Association, Hall on Friday week, but aa at the appointed time there were only naif a dozen persons present the proceedings were adjourned for a fortnight. The city coroner on Tuesday afternoon held an inquest at the Elephant and Castle Hotel on the body of Samuel Johnson, an old news vendor, -who died suddenly on the previous day. The medical testimony went to show that disease of the aorta was the cause of death. A verdict to this effect was accordingly returned. On Wednesday the Government Greo ogist received the following telegram from Mr. F. S, Andrews at the Peake: — 'Saturday Biddle had about half an ounce of gold from his claim, washed at odd times. Will try reef this week. Eight applications for miners' rights by mail. Men seem satisfied, and state that they are making wages. ' The exodus of persons from Port Adelaide by sea during the week that ended Saturday, . October 30, exceeded the influx by 167. The departures numbered 495, of whom 468 em barked for Melbourne and 27 for Sydney. Of the 328 arrivals 249 came from Melbourne, 44 from London, 23 from Antwerp, 9 from Bremen, 2 from France, and 1 from Natal, On Wednesday Mr. D. Bews, M.P., pre sented a petition from the Corporation of Wallaroo to the Minister of Education asking that the daily mail to Maittand and the direct communication recently obtaining with the other intermediate postal districts, via Paske viUe and Moonta, might be restored. The Minister promised that a report would be ob tained The following orders were issued to the V.M.F. last week: — Officers commanding troops, batteries, and companies are informed that Government allowance and purchase ammunition in large quantities is only issued from the Government score on the 15th and 29th. of each month, unless fetched from the store by the purchaser or officer requiring the ammunition at his own expense. The Northern Territory Times of October 16 has the following : — 'One of the prisoners lately put on bis trial for murder complained somewhat bitterly that he had been admiring the architectural beauty of the gallows ever since he was committed for trial. It is scarcely in accordance with British ideas of justice to thus punish a prisoner by half frightening him to death before he is con victed.' Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P,, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Tuesday and presented a memorial from 50 residents of Port Broughton asking to have a branch laid from the Beetaloo main to that township. The memorialists stated that the tanks and dams were nearly exhausted, and water carting had already commenced. The Commissioner' said that the position of the branches could not be decided until the work was further advanced. The following are the probates and letters of administration granted during the week end ing Monday, November 1: — Probates— G. Maiwald, Tanunda, £420; D. fisher, Glenelg, £3,000; J. Lloyd, Adelaide, £2,700; W. L. Keublett, Port Adelaide, £1,750: H. B. Strangways, Strapwick (England), £3,300 ; C. Dicker, Laura, £200. Letters of Administra tion— E. Bilsborow, Lefevre's Peninsula, £60 ; J. Alves, Bute, £75; T. Brenman, Millicent, £122. A meeting of the Irish National League was held at the society's rooms, Victoria-square, on Moiiday evening. The president (Mr Dixon) presided over a large meeting. A letter was read from Mr. J, G. Bipgar, M.P. (House of Commons), treasurer of the Irish National League, acknowledging the receipt of £130 from South Australia towards the payment of members fond. Nine new members were ad mitted. Contributions amounting to £5 Ids. were received. The plastering of the facade of the Jubilee Exhibition building is nearly completed, and the erection of the central dome is beingrapidly proceeded with. Painters and carpenters are both busy in the gallery running round the great hall, while the flooring is being laid in the western court. Good progress is being made with the western annexe, a large store of building material having been collected on the spot. The erection of the machinery sheds is nearly finished. On Tuesday Mr. Thomas Atkinson, M.P., presented a memorial from the residents of Clarendon and the surrounding district to the Minister of Education, asking that a later hour might be fixed for the closing of the local post-office. It was pointed out that the mail generally arrived after 6 p.m., and that the closing of the office at 6.45 p.m. in convenienced the inhabitants residing at a distance from the township. The Minister re plied that he would enquire into the matter. The following telegram was recaived by the Government from the Agent- General on Tuesday: — 'The honorary commissioners request me to send the following :—' Her Majesty the Queen opens the permanent Imperial Institute in June, 1887. Sita^ South Kensington. H.E.H. the Prince of Wales asks that the Government and, where pos sible, private exhibits may remain as a nucleus for that occasion. Other colonies are asking similar questions. The commissioners strongly advise against withdrawal, and recommend action concurrent with the other colonies.' ' The Commissioner of Police last week re ceived the following telegram from M.C. Wil liams, statiojsed at Alice Springs: — 'McGre- gor, overseer at Buchanan Downs Station, has found some human remains south of Shirley's grave. The remains have been buried. They are supposed to be those of James Hussey, one of Shirley's party.' The Shirley referred to wa3 the leader of a party who about two years ago went from Alice Springs in search of a missing man Only one of the search party, which consisted of two or three mounted-police and several blackboya, returned, the others being lost. The remains of Shirley were found some months after he left Alice Springs. We have to shronicle the death of Mr. Geo. Barlow, a partner in the firm of Messrs. T. Barlow & Sons, coachbuilders, of Hindmarah square, which occurred at his residence, Wil liam-street, Norwood, on Thursday, October 28, after a short illness. The deceased gentle man, who was 56 years of age, came to the colony about 36 years since, and joined his father, Mr. Thomas Barlow, on the death of whom some years ago Mr.' George Barlow carried on the coachmaking business with his two brothers, Messrs. J. G. Barlow and E. Barlow. The deceased gentleman, who was a Forester, leaves a widow and family. Tne funeral took place on Saturday in the West terrace cemetery, the officiating minister bsing the Rev. W. S. Fernie. There was a large at tendance of friends and others at the grave. ' It is plain,' says the Southern Cross, ' that the impulse towards union is beating strongly in all the veins of Christendom throughout the world. Thus the Church of England in Canada, at its recent synod held in Toronto, appointed a committee to confer with the Presbyterian, Methodist, and other Christian bodies in Canada, lor the purpose of ascertain ing the possibilities of honorable union with such bodies, and, if such union be found possi ble without sacrifice of essential Christian principles, to formulate a scheme for effecting it. The Congregational Union of Canada has referred to its executive committee a proposal for union with the Congregationalists of the United States. Such facts as these — and they might easily be multiplied— show how widely spread, and how Btrong, is the force drawing the Protestant Churches everywhere into closer and more conscious brotherhood.' Another piece of good workmanship has just been completed at the scientific instrument establishment carried on by Mr. E. SawtelL The article is a delicate pocket barometer on the aneroid principle. It has some beautifully constructed and delicate levers inside to magnify the pulsations of tae vacuum chamber, and the band being immediately connected with the largest of these levers travels round the whole of the dial to the extent of some inches, whilst the movement of the chamber i3 considerably leas than one hundredth of an inch. A hairspring adjusts and regulates toe proper movement ot the band, and so sensitive is the instrument that a fall or rise of an observer of a few feet only whilst carrying it is instantly measured on the dial. It is enclosed in a strong lacquered brass case, and has all the external appearance, even to the uninitiated, of being a highly-finished scientific instrument, After an interval of a month, owing to the visit of the mayor and several aldermen and councillors to Sydney, the City Council met on Monday afternoon, All the visitors who attended the municipal jubilee in the capital of the mother colony were enthusiastic in their; appreciation of the .way in which the; had been treated, both there aad at Meibmrna en route, and votes of thanks were carried ta those who had entertained them, or had in any way contributed to their comfort. Ths mayor, who announced that he had no present intention of becoming a candidate for any of the positions to be .fified at the ensuing muni cipal elections, was deputed to act as returning* officer for the city. The completed assessment for 1887 was laid on the table and allowed. By this it was shown that the number of places assessed in the city is 10,520, which at the 20 per cent, reduction agreed upon gives a valuation of £351,507, or a decrease compared with last year of £81,866. A narrow escape from a serious accident occurred on the Largs Bay railway line on Friday, October 29. On reaching the Grlaa vflle station the enginedriver seemed unable to stop the train owing, it is said, to the brakes not acting. The train ran past the station, and the engine ran on the catch points close t» the Btation, which are provided to prevent an engine or train running on to the main linejand thus perhaps cause a collision. The engine loUowed the catchpointa a distance of several yards until they terminated, and then its; wheels Bujkmg into the ground stopped its progress not many yards from the edge of Hawkers Creek. The engine and van wera the. only rolhng stock that left the line. Tha !^«?S. wa8atoler?»ly long one, contained someof aepaasengersby the Orient ste«nec Cuzco tiiat had just arrived from London. Some of tftoBe in the train were well shaken and frightened for the moment, but luckilv nothing more serious happened. The monthly meeting of the committee o£ the Home for Incurables was held at tha Church Office on Thursday, Dr. Wylde in tha chair. A letter was received from the executors of the late Miss Emma Styles, informing the committee that £20 had been left to the homa in Miss Styles's will, to be paid when the estate was realised. Mr. C. H. Goode wrote resign ing bis seat on tie board owing to pressure o£ other duties, and the resignation was accepted with regret, and Mr. Walter Howard waa unanimously elected in Mr. Goode's place. Three applications for admission were con sidered and granted. A return kid on tha table showed that there were 61 inmates of the home. There had been one admission and two deaths during the month, and nine persons were awaiting admission. A warrant for £159 9s. 3d. was passed for payment. The treasurer reported the receipt of £100 from Dr. Browne, and £60 from Mrs. C. B. Hardy. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the donors. Our special reporter at the Colonial and Tnflian Exhibition, writing under date London, September 24, says :— ' It will be remembered that previous to Six Samuel Davenport and Mr. S. J. Scott being dispatched to the Ex hibition our Agent- General telegraphed to Adelaide to :the effect that arrangements had been made with Messrs. Gillow & Co. for the decoratiion and fitting up of our court. On Sir Samuel's arrival, finding that Messrs. Gill o w had already commenced the work, he very naturally allowed them to continue, the onus in regard to their contract of course resting with our Agent-General. Within the last week the bill of that firm has come in, and it may be a little surprise to our impecunious colony to learn that it amounts to nearly £2,000. Sir Samuel has declined to pass it. I understand that Sir Arthur Blyth neglected to get either an estimate or a schedule of prices for, the work, and that the hon. commissioners were never consulted in any way in regard to the expense.' A deputation from Laura waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cjckbnrn) on Monday morning to ask whether the Laura Corporation could take over the management of the local institute, and whether in such case the subsidy by the Government would bs con tinued to the corporation. The institute was considerably in debt, and the trustees and committee were desirous of lessening their liability in connection therewith. Tha Minister, in reply, said he saw no reason why the corporation should not undertake the position and responsibilities of the trustees and of the committee, especially as it generally happened that the same men are members both of the institute committee and of the cor poration in small towns. He did not see either why the corporation should not be entitled to the subsidy due to the institute, as long as such subsidy lasts. As this case, howe7er, would be taken as a precedent, he would re serve his official answer until he had consulted his colleagues and the Board of Governors. A meeting of the South Australian branch of the Federated Seamen's Union waa held in the Trades and Friendly Societies' room, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. Thsra was.'a good attendance of members, and Mr. EL, J. ;Pudfiey (president) occupied the chair. A complaint was received from several members of the union belonging to the steamers Albany and Colac to the effect; that the masters of those vessels had refused to pay them certain overtime money. The master of the GA&G; agreed to abide by the decision of the meeting regarding the matter, and after the dispute had been explained the union considered that: tbe men's claim was a just one, and that tha captain should be requested to pay the ovar time. The other case was also settled. Tee Working Men's Association forwarded a telegram which they had received from the newly-fonnf d branch association at Port Pirie, asking whether a donkey engine-driver ot a vessel was. supposed to drive for non-association men. The union could do nothing in tha matter. A meeting of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Friday week, when the report of the members of tbe committee of the chamber who recently visited Victoria, the discussion upon which was commenced on the previous Friday, was again taken into con sideration. There was a fairly large atten dance, the chair being occupied by the vice president (Mr. A. Adamson). The portions of the report dealing with the town halls and public buildings of Melbourne and the sur rounding districts, and the visits of the cham ber to Geelong, Sandhurst, and BaUarat, were discussed at some length. At tbe close a debate ensued upon the danger of Victoria establishing reciprocal trade treaties with Queensland' and other colonies to the detri ment of South Australia, and a fear was ex pressed that the extensiveness of Victorian factories and the energy of the Victorian people were so great that they would ulti mately succeed in throwing open the South Australian ports. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. A new comedy season will be commenced at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday, November 9, when a very powerful and in many respecta an entirely new company will appear under the management of Messrs. Williamson, Garner, & Musgrove. The opening play will be Sir Charles Young's comedy-drama, 'Jim, the Penman,' which is now being played by the same company in Melbourne to crowded houses, and has been so successful in London that the copyright for France, Germany, and Spain has already been disposed of by the author. The company will be perhaps the strongest that has ever visited Adelaide, in cluding as it will Mr. Alfred Maltby, a comedian of note both in London and America ; Mr. Alfred Saint-Maur, who waa leading man to Charles Wyndham at tha Criterion, London, for several years ; M133 E. M. Powyes; Mr. H. H. Vincent, an old favo rite in Adelaide ; Messrs. Frank Cates, Hans Philips, D'Arcy Stanfield, J. A. Patterson, J. Wiseman, E. Gladstone, H. Daniells ; and Misses Agnes Thomas, Pattie Brown, Aunia Taylor, and Marie Brooks. The scenery aad appointments will be in the best form. Mr. Monte Browne will be the general manager for the season. A special meeting of the South Australian Commercial Travellers' Association was held at Beach's Rooms on Saturday, the president (Mr. G. C. Knight) in the chair, for the pur pose of making arrangements for the asso ciation's banquet, to take place at the end of next month. Subsequently the committee of management met, the attendance being very large. The hon. treasurer (Mr. A. Mackie) produced his financial statement, which showed funds at date £262 17s. 60L The secretary reported that the president and committee of the Commercial Travellers' As sociation of Victoria had kindly invited the president to their sixth annual dinner, to be held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on November o; also thata deputationbad waited upon the Com misBioner of Public Works re various matters of his department, in which the association was interested, and had placed before him a variety of facts and suggestions, which he kindly pro mised to consider. It was resolved— ' -Inau the thanks of the committee be forwarded to the council of the University of Adelaide for the concessions they had so generously grantea the association in reference to their scholar ship.' It was stated that the number oE members on the roll was 121, A well- attended meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Teachers' Association was held ia the Moonta School on Saturday. Mr. Harry (vice-president), who occupied the chair, read an exhaustive paper on singing. He pointea out that this subject seems to be considered only of secondary importance in theeye3 or tbe Education Department, since by tha new regulations the highest marks ob tainable by a school will only increase the result by 1 per cent. He thought that a subject which has such a bene ficial influence on the young nunds. should at least raise the result 2£ pec cent. The essayist showed how the tome sol-fa music might be taught in the different classes, and pointed out what he considered a fair standard for each class. A class of about 25 girls were then brought in, and sang several songs in a very creditable manner, after which Mr. Harry exercised them on .tha modulator. Tbe smartness with which toey answered questions on the various poi?» showed that tfcey were fairly conversant wiU* the tonic BOl-fa notation. Mr. Harrys papae - called forth a fair amount of disouBdion, ana au present agreed that better inducement should be offered by the department for teaching sieging. At the request of the City Council tbe city surveyor has prepared a report on tbe feasi bility of lighting the Town Hall and corpora tion premises with electricity. The surveyor, after pointing out the fact that the question of electric lighting had passed the experimental and entered the practical stage, discusses the best kind of lamp for use in the Town Hall, and decides in favor of the glow and incan descent lamp as against the arc lamp. The Jormer, though more brilliant and less costly, Ib better adapted for open spaces, whereas the glow lamp, which diffuses the light, is highly suited for smaller areas, being less offensive to the eye. He enumerates the Bomber of gas burners in the Town Hall and effices at 634, and he reckons that 400 16-candle power lamps wouldberequired to replacethegas. A powerful engine and large dynamo would be necessary to generate the electricity, ana the cost of the whole installation is estimated at not more than £2,750. The report concludes— ' The cost of maintenance and renewals would be about one-half the coat of an equivalent light in gas, while the light would be of a far superior description, and the heat and smoke given off by gas flames would be done away with. The lighting of the Town Hall building by electricity is perfectly practicable, and the question of expense is the only one that seed stand in the way.' Our Mount Barker correspondent write3 on October 30: — A brutal outrage was perpetrated upon Ottilie laebelt, a giil aged 15, a daughter of Mr. Johann Iiiebelt, a well-known and highly respectable farmer living in the neighborhood of the Mount Barker railway- junction, on Tuesday, October 26. It appears that the girl was re turning with some cows along the Balhannah rcad, -and when within a mile and a half of her borne, and half a mile of the nearest house, a ruffian sprang out from behind some bushes unperceived, and seizing tile girl with a firm grasp by the throat, threw her violently to the ground. He then made a determined attempt to commit a criminal assault, but the girl in her terror struggled desperately with her assailant, and forced him to relax his hold. The instant lie did so she screamed out, and this had the effect of causing him to decamp. The girl returned to her home as soon as possible much bruised, and complained to her mother of the occurrence, whereupon the Mount Barker police were communicated with. Trooper Barber at once proceeded to the girl's resi dence, where he received an accurate descrip tion of the offender from her, and the same day succeeded in apprehending on suspicion a lad, aged 19, named Harry Manton, who was at once identified by the girl. He was brought tip this morning before the stipendiary magis trate at Mount Barker, and remanded till Toes day next for the production of further evidence. ' 'It is probable,' eays the Brood Arrow, a journal usually well informed on military sub jects, 'that a step which has frequently been insisted upon by this journal as this very crux of the settlement of the Anglo-Egyptian problem, namely, the acquisition by England of the Khedivate, will be precipitated by tbe Tnatyh of events in the Balkan Pe niseula. .Lord Salisbury is not the pas sive spectator of the Basso- Austrian counter xnanoeuvres which some people appear to think. He is following closely the progress of the rival intrigues of 'Vienna at St. Petersburg, and will be ready with decisive action at the right minute. Our interest in the East has been somewhat removed of late from Constantinople, but it is and must ever be fixed on the shores of the Suez Canal and in the Bed Sea. There fore, upon any movement by Austria upon Sal OHica— a thing which is more than a dream of the Hapsburghs, consequent upon Russia's final claim to a water exit by way of the Bosphorus, equivalent to a Muscovite domina tion of European Turkey — our Government will formally seize and be prepared to hold Egypt. We ventured to prophecy at the time of the British occupation of Alexandria in 1882, and to affirm during the subsequent sentimental chatter about evacuation, that events altogether beyond our control, and moving in quite another part of Europe, would inevitably turn a temporary occupation of Egypt into a permanent acquisition of the country.' The members of the Destitute Board have all sent in their resignations to the Govern ment with the exception of Mr. Bower, who having only recently been elected does not see his way clear to join his fellow-members in the action they have 'taken. It has been stated that the resignation has been brought about partly in consequence of the report of the Destitute Commission respecting their manage ment of the department and partly owing to the refusal of the House to increase the salary of the chairman of the board. We have been in formed by Mr. Gilbert of the reasons why the members have resigned. They no doubt feel that they have been snubbed, and are some what sore in consequence ; but they would not have taken the action they have on that account alone. The principal cause of their resignation is connected with the supply of bread and meat to the Destitute Board. There have been all sorts of complaints for some time past that food of a very inferior quality lias been supplied to the board, and three times the members asked the Government that the present contracts might be cancelled, but ithe xeque&t; was not complied with. As guardians of the poor they regarded it as incumbent upon them to see that proper provisions were sup plied. We understand that formerly the board exercised some control over the tenders for bread and meat, but lately the entire supervision has been transferred to the Comptroller of Stores. The board consider that they ought to have the right of judging whether the supplies, at all events of bread and meat, are of a suitable character. *'A singular story has been told to me,' writes 'Atticus' in the Melbourne Leader, ' of an up country State school teacher who fell inlovewith one of Mb big pupils. Her parents would not hear of her leaving school till ehe had passed the inspector's examination for the highest standard, whilehisimpatience wouldnot permit him to wait for an indefinite time. But a -compromise was arrived at With the parents' consent they were married privately, but with an understanding- that they were not to have their marriage acknowledged or to live together till the desired examination was passed. It is said that the efforts of the teacher to cram Mb bride pupil up to passing point have never been surpassed in a State school. But she waB lazy and careless, and besides she felt that as a married woman the drudgery of lessons was an indignity. He tried to reason and coax her into being 'a good girl,' but finding that of no avail he tried harsher means. He kept her in during Airm^ir hour and after school, put her standing on a form, put her with her face into the corner, and at last, and in defiance of the rules of the department, gave her the strap before the school. This was more than she could stand, she ran away that day, played truant from her lord and master, and would only consent to know him again on condition that the three R'e, as well as the hateful grammar and geography, were to be given up for ever. Most men wait till after they are married before they thrash their wives. It struck me as funny thrashing the girl up to the point of fitting her to be a wife.' The annual meeting of the Gardeners' and Salesmen's Association was held at the East End Market Hotel on Saturday morning, there being a fairly large attendance of members. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. Bennett. A proposition was made according to notice by Mr. Han ton— 'That it is desirable that tbe present Maxket Gardeners' Association . be allowed to lapse from the end of this financial year, and that all moneys, &c.;, in hand at that time be handed to a committee to be appointed by this general meeting, to be called the Gar deners' and East- End Market Picnic Com mittee.' Mr. Green seconded the motion, but after some discussion it was negatived by a large majority. The committee for the ensuing year, by whom the officers will be cho3en, and to whom the balance-sheet for the past year will be submitted, was then elected. At the conclusion of the business the prizes won at the recent market gardeners' picnic were dis tributed by his Worship the Mayor of Ade laide (Mr. W. Bundey), and his Worship proposed a vote of thanks to the gentleman who had so kindly placed his ground at the disposal of the society, and for presentation to whom a trophy had been prepared by the society. This motion was carried with accla mation, and Mr. J. F. Pascoe then proposed a vote of thanks to the donors of prizes. While not approving of trophies, he remarked that such presents as that of the fine set of tandem harness (given by Mr. J. Jamieson) and the cupB were very valuable. ..This motion was also agreed to, and a vote of thanks to the mayor for presiding closed the proceedings. The Staff-Office has issued the programme for tbe field day on November 9. It gives complete information upon the tactics to be sursuedj together with all the necessary instructions required by commanders of troops, batteries, and battalions. The follow ing will give a general idea of the sham fight : — -'From information received an enemy (Blue) is expected to land to the south of Brighton, but the information not being cer tain (tbe garrison of the forte, Bed L, have been strengthened), a part of the troops (3ed II.) kept in hand in the immediate neighbor hood of Adelaide, the remainder (Bed III.) being in camp to tbe southwards. On the night of tbe 8th of November, a small squadron of the enemy's ships having rounded Kangaroo Island, surprised by landing parties, and de stroyed communication between Cape Borda, the Althorpes, and Adelaide, then, meeting H.M.C.S. 'Protector, drive her for shelter under the guns of Iiargs Fort, where she arrives about daylight. The enemy's fleet takes up position to the northward, and at long- range from Largs Fort, so as to be able to shell that fort and to cover a landing. The enemy (Bine) lands b. party in Light's Passage at daybreak to sur prise uie forts from the rear. By the time he has invested Largs Fort and his advance has reached the railway a small defending force, rent by rail from Adelaide (Red It), comes in coated with his advance and cheeks it The main defending f orce, marching by road (Red III.), Teinforces Bed II. ; about an hour later obliges the enemy (Blue) to retire, relieves Largs Fort, and eventually drives the enemy back to bis boats.' 'A joint messagefrom the Governors of the ? Australian colonies has been forwarded,' says the Melbourne Argus of November 1, ' to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr. Stan hope, requesting information as to the steps proposed to be taken by the Admiralty with a view to strengthen the defence of the naval stations in theee colonies in the event of an outbreak of hostilities involving England in warfare. The Governments of Australia and the Admiralty are agreed as to the necessity of augmenting the permanent naval forces in Australian waters, but there is a difference of opinion as to the apportionment of the cost, and even on that being satisfac torily adjusted, a considerable fame, pro bably 18 months or two years, must elapse before the new war vessels which it is ad visable to obtain could be constructed, equipped, and sent out for service. In the meantime, in view of the threatening aspect of affairs on the continent, it is deemed urgently desirable to strengthen the naval squadron on the Australian station for the protection of merchant shipping in colonial waters, and the joint communication from then; Excellencies the Governors was regarded as the most likely means of bringing the matter to a prompt and satisfactory issue. It had been proposed to take advantage of the presence of the Governors of New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, and Admiral Tryon, in this colony during the Cup festival to hold a conference on the question of the Australian defences, but when it transpired that the premiers of the other colonies could not make it convenient to journey to Mel bourne at the present time the idea was re luctantly abandoned. Such opportunity as may be afforded for an interchange of opinions on the subject will, however, not be allowed to pass.' The work of reconstructing the steamer's wharf at Port Adelaide, which was commenced by the South Australian Company towards the close of last year, is now completed, and the company is to be congratulated upon the success which has attended the undertaking. The old wharf was one of tbe first built at Port Adelaide, and it afforded accommodation for many a craft which has long since sailed its last voyage. Notwithstanding its great age, some portions of the structure were found in a good state of repair, while those parts be tween high and low water mark were very much decayed, several of the piles being rotted completely through. During the last few years the old wharf became the home of thousands of rats, which even in broad day light could be seen scampering along the wale pieces on the alert for food thrown over board from the vessels moored alongside. It is thought by some persons that the appear ance of the harbor would be improved & the steamer's wharf were done away with, or rather moved back as it were, so that there should be a straight line of wharfage from the ferry steps to the Maclaren wharf, opposite the Britannia Hotel, but there is no prospect of any action being taken in this direction for several years to come at any rate. The piles which have been used in the new structure are of the beet timber procurable for wharf build ing purposes, and they have been cut from sound healthy trees. They are each a foot in thickness, and the sbeetpiling, which is also of durable mg.taria.ij jg 6 inches thick. The front of the wharf has been built in a similar style to the McLaren wharf and No. 1 quay, and as it is only a few inches out of the perpendicular vessels will be able to lie close alongside, which was not the case with the old structure, which sloped outwards at the foot very considerably. The large crane has been recased with 6-inch timber and embedded in fresh concrete. The harbor in front of the wharf has been deepened to 24 feet at low water, and at the ends there is a sufficient depth to accommodate craft of a pretty fair draught It is likely that upon some future date a large shed will be erected on the wharf. Our MooDta correspondent writes on No vember 2 : — Several accidents have occurred here during the last few days. As Mr. Kerrison, sen., was returning from Moonta to bis residence yesterday with two friends bis horse shied, There were three persons in the spring-dray and the lurch caused by the horse shying threw the other two persons against Mr. Kerrison, knocking him over the side of the vehicle. He fell on his head and received some severe injuries which prevent a contem plated trip to the Teetulpa goldfields. A somewhat nasty accident occurred to Mr. William Paterson, of the Bank of South Australia, on the Bay-road yesterday morning. About 6.15 a,m. several cyclists started for a run to the bay. On nearing Mr. Vincent's residence Messrs, Paterson, Butler, and Parkes, who were riding some distance behind ths others, availing themselves of a nice piece of level ground, went for a smart spurt. After about a hundred yards had been traversed Mr. Paterson, who was slightly in advance of the other two, was observed to shoot suddenly over the handles, coming with great force to the ground. He received some nasty cuts about the hands and a bruise over the left eye. The shock must have been severe, as it was some time before he pro perly regained his senses. An accident of a serious nature happened to Mr. Jabez Tonkin of {East Moonta on Friday night. The scene wag Beddome's shaft, where Mr, Tonkin was engaged timbering. He was on the after noon shift, and his work was nearly com pleted. He had the last piece of timber ready and gave the signal to stop, but the boys above attending the whim evidently misunder stood the signal and went on hauling. Mr. Tonkin looking up observed that he would be drawn through a very small aperture between tie skip roller and the woodwork, and with great presence of mind threw his head and shoulders clear, otherwise the result would probably have proved fataL As it was he sustained a very severe crush about the lower parts. He was picked up by his mates and taken to his home, where Dr. Baker attended him. The sufferer sustained a fracture of the thigh bone and also had a rib broken. He is now progressing favorably, but suffering a great deal. The death is announced in our telegraphic columns of the Bight Rev. Martin Graver, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Western Aus tralia, which occurred somewhat suddenly in Perth on Tuesday morning. The deceased prelate, who was in his 78th year, was born in Barcelona, Spain, in 1808. He took up the medical profession, and was a professor of medicine and clinical lecturer in the university of Barcelona for some time. He subsequently took holy orders, and in 1849 proceeded to Western Australia in connection with the native missions. In 1858 he was appointed apostolic administrator of Perth, which office he held until 1870, when he was chosen bishop in panibtis of the colony, and was consecrated at Borne on the 12th of June of the same year by the late Cardinal Cullen, assisted by the late Archbishop Goold, and the present Bishop of Newfoundland. On the death of Bishop Brady he became Bishop of Perth by right of succession, and took possession of bis see on July 22, 1873. He was permitted by the Holy See to exercise his medical skill, and was often of great assistance to the aborigines of various parts of Western Australia. In 1884 Dr. Griyer met with an accident that very much impaired his health, and from which he never thoroughly recovered. He was the guest of his Lordship Bishop Reynolds, of whom he was a personal friend, in October last year, whilst en route to the provincial council of Sydney, and on his return he again stopped a few days at West-terrace. His health at the time was very bad, and it was but too clear to his most intimate friends that the end of his useful life was near at hand. Daring the last few months he suffered much from the effects of the accident, yet such was his energy thathe officiated almost daily. The administrator apostolic of Perth (Dr Givney) sent the following message to Bishop Reynolds about the sad event yesterday evening: — ' Bishop Griver died last night He re ceived all sacraments. He even celebrated mass yesterday (the Feast of All Souls).' Bishop Griver was a most energetic mis sionaiy, kind and affable in all his relations to society, and was beloved by all who knew him. In him the Roman Catholic Church has lost a most useful and devoted servant. Dr. Givney (vicar-general of Perth), the bishop-elect, will have the administration [of the diocese until his consecration. 'The physical and botanical features of Kangaroo Island' formed the subject of a paper read by Mr. J. G. O. Tepper before the Adelaide Literary Society oh Monday even ing. After having given some particulars as to the discovery and exploration of the island by Captain Flinders in 1802, Mr. Tepper described the River Cygnet, the largest stream in the island, as being but a small creek which about 10 mileB from its mouth consisted of a string of waterholes, At one time, however, small boats could sail for some distance up the river, but a weir having been thrown across it the stream had silted up and become wide and shallow. The soil for the greater part con sisted of limestone broken up into small blocks, tbe interstices being filled with sand, and the whole being covered with mallee and other small trees and shrubs, The roads were wretched, and various shrubs formed in places euch dense thickets as to render thoroughfare impossible. The landscape was unattractive, and fresh water was obtainable only in a fecv places. In spite of all theaa drawbacks the island had many interesting features. Among these were the large mounds a yard in .height and from five to six feet in diameter, erected by the city-building ants. It was inipoBelMe to tell the exact age of these hillocks, but they' were probably existing long before the first city was built by man. Another point of interest wi» the grass tree, which reaches a height of let feet and was afoot in. diameter. From the summit of the trunk branched forth leaves over a yard io length, those in the 'centre being of a pore white color. A resin, of which large quantities were for merly sold by the settlers, exuded from the trunk. This resin was said to be worth at one time as much as £60 per ton. In the eastern part of the island huge quantities of diorite, or as it is popularly known, bluestone, could be seen. Coal had been discovered on the island, but Professor Tate had proved con clusively that tbe sample had been brought fiom a smithy and had originally been brought from Newcastle. Gold, it was said, had also been found, but probably more of that metal had been spent by the settlers in their search for it than had ever been dug out of the ground. The conclusion of the lecture was devoted to a description of some specimens of the flora of the island, A writer intheMelbourne irgusot October 28, referring to *' dreams-tips 'for the Melbourne Cup says :— ' It may be well, to detail the cir cumstances connected with one enthusiastic be liever, (who has backed his nocturnal vision with his cash, not such money as he can spare, but who has actually, on the faith of his mystic information, sold out and ' planked ' the money on his horse. The individual who has gone to this extreme length iB a New South Welshman. He has often consulted with Proteus and suffered. When he ^should hare got a definite answer, or, in racing parlance, 'the straight tip,' his oracle remained ominously silent. In this case the 'winner' was conveyed to him some five months ago in a dream of such a character that he could not forget it, and in the course of the next fortnight it took such a tremendous hold on his imagination, that he dreamt it half a dozen times more. He dreamed that he was a boy at school. In front of him stared the black board now for the first time covered with a red curtain. It seemed strange to him that there had never been a red curtain before, but it was there now, and all eyes were centred upon it. There was no one to manipulate the curtain, but it gradually rose, and when fully drawn up disclosed the word 'Trenton,' but scratched out, with lines drawn through it and half smudged. The curtain fell, and the school went to work. Later on the red curtain rose again by the same mysterious means, but this time there was the 'straight tip' apparent, without any crossing out or smudging, and. it was— Trenton, Melbourne Cup. The dreamer took it very much to heart, and particularly when Trenton was scratched for the Metropolitan. If dreams go for anything, not one of the starters will go but carries some 'dream money.' In this case the dreamer took action on his dream. He became restless in his busi ness and sold out, and as a matter of fact he has ventured between £600 and £700— nearly all he is worth — on the hone his dream sug gested. The force of superstition could scarcely go much further. And he is now in Melbourne, living in a most thrifty way, taking delight in nothing, but solemnly awaiting that moment on next Tuesday when the numbers shall go up, and which shall find him the possessor of £15,000, or nothing.' If this story be true, the dreamer has now a very light pocket indeed, The colonisation society recently formed among the Germans in Adelaide has been in communication with the New Guinea Company, of which the head- quarters are at Berlin, and the Governor of the Ger man colony in New Guinea (Freiherr von Scbleinitz) with reference to the facilities afforded to intending emigrants to the colony, and its character as a field for enterprise. During the last week the society has received replies both from Berlin and Willhelm'8 Land. The New Guinea Company merely state that the condition under which land in the new colony may be taken up, and the time at which settlement may commence, will be notified in the Australian papers about next August From the secretary of the German governor a most interesting letter has been received. He states that he learns . with great pleasure of the formation of the German colonisation society, and he willingly affords it all the information it is in his power to give. He says that meteorological observations have been made over the Bonth portion of the island during the last nine months, but so far the results ob- ' tained have not been sufficient to warrant any definite statement being recorded as to the value of the climate in respect to the growth of general products. The heat, considering the tropical condition of the colony is moderate, rain is frequent and heavy, and with the ex ception of a fortnight in March and a fortnight in April last no week has gone by since the observations were commenced without rain fall ing. Cases of very light fever occur amongst the Europeans, and any person may have recurring attacks of this fever, but most of the Euro peans in the colony have not suffered at all from it Generally speaking, therefore, the climate may be considered a healthy tropical one. The mountains are very difficult of access, except those in the neighborhood of the Augusta River. Although officially general emigration to the country will not be permitted until in about six months time, when it is expected that the \- necessary arrangements will nave been com pleted, trade may still be carried on with the Bismarck Archipelago, namely at Blanche Bay, Port Weber, in New Pomerania, Mioko in New [Lauenberg, and Misa in New Meek lenberg-. In this archipelago maize, rice, vege tables, and various tropical products are grown. Legislation on the island is in its infancy, but it iB proposed to commence the issue shortly of an official periodical contain ing proclamations and so on. Intercourse between the colony and Australia is to be carried an by the steamers of the New Guinea Company, which will run monthly trips be tween Willhelm's Land and Cooktown. The northern part of the island has not yet been officially examined. We take the following paragraph from the Broad Arrow: — We lately remarked in an article on Russia that neither the princes nor peoples of the Balkan Peninsula were anxious to become Russian feudatories or Russian subjects, and that neither Germany nor Austria would ever consent to give Russia a free hand to deal with the Balkan States as she pleased. Since then very momen tous events have occurred, and the action of Germany and Austria in the matter is in comprehensible. On the one hand,- we have an all absorbing power like Russia pursuing a course of action which would simply close the Danube for Austria, and convert the Black Sea into a Russian lake, with a vast for; treBS astride of its lock gates. On the other hand, we see two kindred nations like Ger many and Austria, whose interests would seem to be identical, consenting to a policy which must injure themselves. What is the key to the enigma ? It is said that the explana tion of it all is the dread of Prince Bismarck of a Franco-Russian alliance, and having to fight France in front and Russia in rear. If England were a reliable ally, the real league of peace for Europe would be Germany, Austria, and England. Their interests do not clash, and they are connected by race and affinity. Around euch a league of peace the smaller States, who tremblingly await absorp tion, might ally themselves. But even without England, Austria and Germany might stand back to back against Russia ard France with a fair chance of success. But Austria is an unfortunate nation. It has ever been her fate gallantly to fight, and unfor tunately to fail. Nations, like individuals, cannot afford to risk partnership with tbe unlucky one. Anyhow, the air is full of explosive gas, which a spark may ignite at any moment Meanwhile, how is it with the British army? Where is the first army corps ? Where are its generals, and who compose its staff? A member of the House of Commons may well ask where it is. Eighteen millions sterling spent annually on our army, and the ghost of an army corps to show for it Every nation in Europe is ready to fly at its neighbor's throat, either to rob her or to pre serve what she herself has stolen. Meanwhile we go on experimenting as quietly as the philosophers at Laputa. Experimental rifles — experimental drill — experimental cannon. With the greatest command of money and mechanical science in the world, we are the last nation in Europe to invent or adopt any military improvement. No nation in Europe has our constant experience of warfare — for we are always at war— and there is no nation in Europe knows less about it. The missionary schooner, Ellangowan, which arrived at Cooktown, Queensland, on Saturday night, October 30, brought the following information (wires the Age correspondent) with reference to a wholesale massacre by New Guinea natives: — Thomas Mullen reports at Port Moresby that when he was at the Renard Island in his schooner Alice Mead, the natives there told him of the murder of Captain Craig and all the crew of the ketch Emily, of Cook town. Captain Craig was pearl shelling off Johannet Island, near Gordon village. Besides Captain Craig, there were working with him Walter Hollingsworth, an assistant named Thompson, a Greek, a Malay cook, and four ? Malay hands. He also had in his employment seven natives of Johan net Island, On the 14th September a large boat belonging to the Emily went out to the BhelliDg ground, leaving the Malay cook on board. Three of tbe Johannet natives, pretend ing to be sick, stayed on board also. The boat anchored on the shelling ground, in about 19 fathoms, and Craig and Thompson were in the act of raising a diver when the natives threw them overboard and cut the diver's life line and hose. The Greek, who was at the air pump, was clubbed with a piece of firewood. The four Malays immediately jumped overboard and tried to swim to a neighboring reef. Craig and Thompson also struck out for the reef. The Johannet natives in the large boat weighed anchor and went on board the Emily. They loosened the dingy, and taking a Winchester rifle, overtook the six men who were still swim ming towards the reef and shot them all in the water. In the meantime tbe cook had been killed by the three natives on board the vessel. Returning to the Emily tbe natives plundered her of everything they wanted, ejvead the sails, about, poured keroaiae , ovep them, and eet the vessel on fire. She , burnt, awifisal*y sank in JSfathonw of water. On hearing the account of the natives, Mullen crossed over in the Alice Mead from Reynard to Johannet Island and found the natives afraid to communicate with him, though pre viously friendly towards him. Hearing that the large boat belonging to the Emily was at the village, he threatened to bring a manof war at once if they did not give her up, and they finally did so. Mullen was three days at Johannet Island, and be then left for Sudest He returned to Gordon, on Johannet Island, on September 28, and found there Captain Bobineon, of the schooner Albert, anchored in the same position as the -Emily. Mullen warned Captain Robinson of his danger. They searched for wreckage ot the -Emily, but could cot find it, nor any of the dead bodies. Mullen reported the matter to the Government agent, Mr. H. O. Forbes, on October 11, at Dinner Island. Both Craig and Hollingsworth leave widows and families. At the present moment, when so much interest has been awakened in the community on the subject of gold discovery, it will be in teresting to call to mind some of the large nuggets which at various times have excited enthusiasm in Victoria and elsewhere. The largest lump of gold, whose discovery is re corded by Mr. K. Brough Smyth in his work on the 'Goldfields of Victoria,' is the 'Welcome Stranger,' nnearthed near Dunolly, on February 5, 1869, by John Deason and Richard Oates, and weighing 2,280 oz. 10 dwt. 14 gr. This mass of gold was lying within 2 feet of the bedrock (sandstone), in a loose gravelly loam, resting on stiff, red clay. It was barely covered with earth. It was about 21 inches in length, and about 10 inches in thickness ; and though mixed with quartz the great body of it was solid gold. The melted gold,[with that given away to their friendsby the fortunate finders amounted to 2,280 oz., or 2,248 oz. of pure gold, its value at the Bank of England being £9,534. Nearly as heavy was the ''Welcome Nugget,' found by a party of 24 at Bakery-Hill, Ballarat in 1858, and Bold for £10,500. It weighed 2,217 oz., or 184 lb. Among other large nuggets found in Australia was 'The Blanche Barkly,' found in 1858 at Kingower, at a depth of 13 feet, and within 5 or 6 feet of holes dug three years be fore. It brought £6,905. This nugget previous to melting was exhibited in Melbourne, and at the Crystal Palace, London, where it was an object of great interest for its bulk, brightness, and solidity, the returns to the fortunate owners for some time being £50 per week. A nugget weighing 1,619 oz. (value £5,532) was found at Canadian Gully, Ballarat, in 1853, by a party of four. Two of the party had not been longer in the colony than three months when they returned to England with their prize in the steamer Sarah Sands. A nugget weighing 1,712 oz. (106 lb.) waB found by a native boy in 1851 amongst a heap of quartz on the surface of the ground at Meroo Creek, River Turon, 53 miles from Bathurst, New South Wales. One chum in Canadian Gully, Ballarat, yielded two magnificent nug gets on January 20 and 22, 1853, One -weighed 1,117 oz. and the other 1,011 oz. Together they brought the lucky finders £7,500. Nothing to compare with the great Australian finds has been discovered in other parts of the world. The largest nugget found in California was un earthed in 1852 at Baycito, and weighed 305 oz. (25 lb.). In 1502 a nugget weighing 532 oz, (44 lb.) was found in Hay to', and shipped home to the King of Spain to demonstrate the wealth of the new country, but was lost during a storm. New Granada (South America) pro duced a nugget weighing 301b. in 1793. The Ural Mountains have produced some valuable lumps of gold, one found near the surface at Miask in 1826 weighing over 325 oz. (27 lb.) At Croghan Kinshela, County Wicklow, Ireland, two nuggets weighing 22 and 18 oz,, respectively, were found in 1797. 'Gospel effort at home and abroad 'was the subject of a lecture delivered by Dr. H. Grattan Guinness before a large audience in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Friday week. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. H. Goode. The lecturer in dealing with his theme chiefly con fined his remarks to an account of the life of his father, who followed the calling of a sea faring man for some time, but returned to Ireland, his native country, and became a preacher of the Gospel. Having worked in Christendom for some ten years, he resolved to try and assist in rescuing people from heathendom, this decision being the result of a crucial mra.Tningf.inTi of the immense number of heathens in the world. By a diagram the lecturer showed that while there were 116,000,000 Protestants, 190,000,000 Roman Catholics, and about 12,000,000 Jews, the number of Pagans amounted to 856,000,000. He estimated that standing one yard apart this immense crowd of heathens would stretch from Launceston (Tasmania) to London and back again no less than 32 times, while walking at the rate of four miles an hour for 10 hours a day, six days constituting a week, they would occupy about 36$ years in passing by a certain spot As showing the necessity there was for the appointment of additional ministers abroad he illustrated the fact that while in Scotland, the extent of which was very limited, there were 3,845 ministers, and in the British Isles 35,000, the number in China was paly 438. This dis crepancy had also been noticed by his father, who succeeded in establishing a college in the eaet end of London which had for its objects the training of men for missionary labors. No objection was raised to the students of any denomination. ' Prior to teaching the men who applied for admission to the college, their abili ties as workers for Christ were tested, this being done for the purpose of discovering the character of the education that should be im parted to them. The results obtained by the college showed that although Scotchmen had not the oratorical powers of the Irish they were plodding and hard-working, and often of the type of that good and brave man who died in the fields of his labor — Dr. Livingstone. His father had now the charge of three colleges in England which cost a very large amount annually to maintain. The establishment of the college in the east end of London was due to a desire on the part of his father not only to give those who were intended as preachers of the Gospel a theoretical training, but to turn them out as God-fearing men and to fit them for their future positions in the world. The lecturer then dealt with the poverty of ths majority of the residents ef London, and appealed to the audience to assist by contributions the work amongst them. He stated that it was particularly desired that the working classes of London should give up tbe practice of having a good drinking bout at Christmas-time, which not only drained their pockets but injured their health. Dr. Guin ness concluded bis discourse by expressing a hope that his hearers would all sign the pledge and become staunch adherents to tee totali&m.; Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., G.C.M.G., Lieu tenant- Governor and formerly for many years Chief Justice of New South Wales, and Miss Stephen, his daughter, were passengers by the steamer Orient, which arrived on Sunday night They have, as we have previously announced, come to South Australia on a visit to the Chief Justice. Sir Alfred Stephen was born in St. Christopher, one of the Leeward Islands, in the West Indies, on August 20, 1802, and is the fourth son of the late Mr. Justice Stephen, who was a judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and who died in Sydney in 1833. He waB sent to the Charterhouse School, London, under Dr. Raine, He afterwards went to the Grammar School at Honiton, Devonshire. In 1815 he accompanied his father, then Solicitor-General of the Leeward Islands, to the West Indies. They landed at Barbadoes on June 18, 1815, and visited all the islands westward of Bar badoes to St. Thomas. In 1817 Colonel Thompson (President of the Council of St. Christopher), called on all above 16 years to serve in the militia formed under his command for the defence of the island. Mr. Stephen was appointed a second lieutenant in the corps of Fusiliers. He returned to Enrfandand studied for the bar; first as pupil of Sergeant Stephen, and then of Sir James Stephen. In November, 1823, he was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn, and commenced practice as an equity drafts man. In 1824 he married a daughter of Mr. Matthew Consett, a merchant of London, and shortly afterwards embarked for Tasmania. In April, 1825, he was appointed Crown Solicitor and Solicitor-General, and in April, 1832, whilst on his passage to England with his family, was gazetted Attorney- General of Tasmania. He entered on the duties of that office in the fol lowing year and held it until 1833. In that year he married his second wife, daughter of the Rev. W. Bedford, D.D., senior chaplain of Tasmania. In April, 1839, Sir George Gipps appointed him to a vacant judgeship in New South Wales, and in October, 1S44, on the death of Sir James Dowling, he became Chief Justice. In 1846 he was knighted, and in 1856, on the initiation of parliamentary government, was appointed President of the Legislative Council. Iii the following year, however, he resigned this post, and in 1858 his seat also. In 1862 he was made a C. B. On the departure of Earl Belmore, February 23, 1872, he was ad ministrator of the Government until the arrival of Sir Hercules Robinson. In 1873 he resigned theChief Justiceship. HewasmadeK.C.M.G.in 1874, and Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales in 1875. On March 8 in the same year Sir Alfred was appointed to a seat in the Legisla tive Council, but this seat he resigned on March 20, 1879, in consequence of bis having entered upon his duties as Acting-Governor consequent on the departure of Sir Hercules Robinson. Thatposition he has since held on two occasions. He was made a G.C.M.G in May, 1885. Notwithstandinghisadvanced age, he takes an active interest in questions of legal and social reform, especially of the criminal and marriage Jaws. He is a member of and a frequent speaker in tbe. Legislative Council of . New South Wales. His wife died a few months ago. ???????? 