The Forbcs-Wilcannia railway, against which wo havo writton so poiaistoutly and oarncstly, has not boon passed without considerable difficulty ; only passod by tho ' bruto forco' of a majority, No at tompt was made to dofend it, if wo oxcopt somo fooblo romarks by Mr Lyno. Most of tho members who spoko in opposition to tho lino held two viows; .that tho 11UU otluuiu uuu uo 1UUUU, »t» Ibvuuiu twvujr uuy pusoi bility pay in this genoratioft \ and that if it was do eirablo to tap tho Darling botwoon Bourko and Wont worth, it} tho iuterosts of tho Sydnoy traders, tho propor point was Mcnindic, Boforo wo go furthor lot us considor the lattor proposition : as to tho other wo havo arguod it till wo aro tired, without beiug an swered, or anyono attempting to controvort us. A look at tho map will show anyono that if tho Darling is to bo tuppod betwoon Bourko and Wontworth, Monindio is tho right placo. Whilo a Wilcannia railway can ouly catch tho rivor traffic half way bo twoon Bourko and that town, the Monindio lino would grasp whatevor traffic did uot go to Bourko abovo it, and at loast half of tho traffic botwoon itsolf and Wontworth. It not unfroquontly happens that tho Dar ling is navigablobutnot bolowWohtworth — it occurrod this yoar— and in that cajo Monindio would scoop in tho wholo tradoof tho rivor from Bourko. But thore is anothor point in favor of tho Monindio lino. It Cculd bo carried on to Silvorton easily and connoctod with tho South Australian railway; and then there would bo direct railway communication botwoon Syd noy and Adolaido, entiroly outside Victorian terri tory, which thero is not now. But, supposing tho Monindio lino is desirable, why should a now lino bo mado from Forbes toMenindio, when thero is a lino mado half way already, to Hay ? It ia tho height of absurdity ; tho height of extravagance. From Hay to Monindie in a straight lino is 220 miles ; from Forbes to Monindio, 300 miles; a difforonco of 140 miles. At i.'G000 a milo this would represent tho sum of £840,000 ; ovon at .£3000 a milo— tho foolish estimate of tho Forbos-Wilcannia line — £420,000, a vast8um; sufficient to lock tho Darling or to send light tramways to all tho lo.iding. settle ments of this district. It may bo said that tho Forbos-Monindio lino would go through Condobolin, Hillston, Booligal, and othor settlements. Would it not bo bottor to havo light trams to these towns? : Such a lino would only compote with the Hay railway; and it would not pay, wbilo it would considerably re duce the earniuga of tho Hay railway. Wo would thus havo two non-paying railways instoadof ono — a most unwise thing in tho prosont state of the ex chequer. Wo agree with Mr Lyno when ho said^ a 1 lino cannot bo expected to pay until carried to its propor terminus. There is no doubt if tho Hay lino wero carried to its two propor tormini, Doniliquin and tho South Australian Border, it would pay. Tho traffic in produco it would thon have, would make it a good paying lino. But the crassnos-' of our politicians has stood in tho way of this; and will stand in its way, from tho ridiculous fear of tho compotition of the othor capitals. It is usoless to point out to thorn that the main factor in making tho southern line what it is, was tho junction with tho Victorian railway at Wodonga —a consummation lonj» delayed, aud fought bittorly against by the Sydnoy school of politicians. But , so fir as this Ministry and this Parliament, or indeod , any Ministry or Parliament wo may got, isconcornod,it is beoting tho wind to argue about theForbes-Wilcannia lino. It is un fait accompli. We aro committed to pay £00,000 to £70,000 a year to got tho Sydney mor | chants a portion oftho vory insignificant tradoof Wil | caLnia and district. For that is what it comos to. j The Western Grazier and tho Silver Age partly cor. ' fess they don't want tho railway, that tho locking of i tho rivor could servo thorn far. hotter, but thoy say j they must accept tho inevitable ; thoy must take what ! they can got — and that is tho railway. The Sydney i morchants, say thoso paper*, aro dotermiued to have j a monopoly of tho trade, only to bo aocurod by a rail | way, and have it thoy must. Sothospongo is thrown up. What a sad spoctacle thia U to tho pooplo of i Now South Wales ! This colony is supposed to bo a | free trado country, but wo aro forced to pay £00.000 a : year subsidy to tho Sydney merchants that thoy may havo tho Wilcannia trade. Wo already pay them £13,000 a year for tho Jorilderio lino, and handsome sums for tho Narrabri, Bourke aud Hay linos and tho abominablo Sydnoy trams. Whou everything is in full swing tho peoplo of Now South Wales will pay at least £300,000 per annum to subsi dize the Sydnoy morchants. If that isn't protection wo would like to bo informed what is ? But after all tho railway has only passed the Assembly. It is on occasions liko this tho Council could interfere; whon it would bo groatly thanked by a saved community. The proposal to celobrato tho Conlonnial of the colony, or rathor of Australia, does not seem to meet with any favor. Peoplo recogniso that it is no Con tennial ; that it will bo rather tho celebration of our : shame., Tho roal Centenniul of Australasia will come ! a hundred years aftor transportation was stopped and roprosontative institutions granted. To colobrato tho beginning of that dread era of f-hamo and horror bo graphically doseribed in 'His Natural Lifo' and tho shadow of which still ro-ts upon Now South Wales, Tasmania, and Wostorn Australia, is to rocall tho nightmare ; to raise tho ghosts of Iho doad and dammod ; to bring back to our ears tho crios of tho oppressed ; to fill our oyos with tho carnival of blood ; to recall to our minds tho saying of tho Pronchor: ' Bohold tho tears of such as wero opprossed, aud thoy had no comfortor ; and on tho 6ido of thoir op pressors thoro was powor ; but thoy had no com fortor.' If wo aro to havo a celebration, it should tako the form of an Exhibition; which would bo a gro^t success and would show tho marvellous progress mado by Australia. Sir Patrick Jennings' idoa of a Car nival is simply ridiculous ; and wo trust it will bo altored whon tho voto is discussed. If tho House shows tho Govornmont it does not favor tho idea the Government can alter it without dangor to thom Felvos. Thoro is ono thing that could bo done whon wo reach our huudredth year ; tho namo of the colouy could bojalterod. Such a cumbrous, undescrip tivo, namo as New South Wales is intolorablo. Everyono romembors tho difficulty of tho British troops in tho Soudan in finding a short namo for our ' soldiors.' Thoy could not call them Now South Walaors, and to dub thom Welshers would bo an offence. How thoy compromised we forget — porhaps thoy named us Wlialor-'. Tasmania changed a namo that had degrading assoociations : why should wo not chango a namo which carrios bittor memorios aud which is unmauagoablo. What namo to assume, is a question. ' Parkosland' would not do, as that gen tloman is in tho cold at prosont, and likely to bo. ' Plain Bill Land,' would bo too loug, and ' Dalloy Land' would bo too offensively suggostiro, as wo aro gonerallj* accused of being alow. ' Ovina' would bo doscriptiro, but we don't exactly caro to bo called shoop. Again *' Beach Land' .would at prosont hit tho mark, and bo a graceful complimont to that great and good hero. 'Sydnoy' would meot tho domands of truth, as that city is roally tho colony. But thoro aro many namos that would do woll. ' Wontworth'' would boa just tributo to tho man who was the roal founder of tho colony, who snatched it out of tho charnel houso of convictism and officialism, and made us afreo community. Philologists could, wo beliovo, find an oxpressivo ai.d musical nativo namo. Tho tondoncy is to get rid of the hideous namos givon by tbo country settlers, and to adopt nativo titles. For instance, oue of the mo t lovely spots noar Syd ney usod to becallod ' Tom Ugly's Point ;' it is now named ' Woniora.' Tho task of choosing a namo could be left to a Commission ; but at all ovonts wo ought to chango our namo boforo wo havo passed our hundrodth year. ' [Since writing tho above, the Govornmont pro posals havo been dofoated, to tho great credit of tho Assombly.j ? Wn aro about tho most wasteful community on the face of tho earth. Wo spend ovor £100,000 por annum on rabbit extermination, but wo mako no attompt to recoup ourselvos, no mattor in how small a way, by 'taking it out of thoir skins;' and yet last yoar wo imported from Tasmania £23,000 worth of rabbit skius, whilo wo destroyod our own ! It is quite ovi dont it only requires somo ontorprising man with a command of monoy to make a good thing out of rabbit skins; o?pocially if ho is in a position to com mand tho London and Paris markets. Wo boliove rabbit t-kins;soll in London at from 2s to 3^ per dozon, and that highor rates are givon for high-class skins. How much por pound it would cost to traus ' port to markot, is tho quostion tho spoculator must ask and answer boforo ho takes tho mattor in hand, Whoro tho balos of skins havo to bo carriod by dray a long distance, it is doubtful if tho skins would pay. If wo had felting manufactories in tho inland towns, thoy would ; but protective duties would bo nocossiry to foster such. Whoro however — as is tho caso with tho most thickly infested localities — rivor carriago is availablo, tho cost of sonding to markot should bo small. We havo not the number of skins paid for por yoar, but it must bo vory largo. Wo aro told that on ono station half a million rabbits woro killed. Now that half million akins would bo worth in Lon don at 2s about £4,170. If ovon a moderato margin woro loft, it would ho so much t,o rcduco tho gonoral cost. Tho mattor is ono that should ongago the attontion of practical mon. Thoro i* an unlimited domand for foiling matorial ; of which rabbits' furis ono of the bost, whilo uo understand iho skius aro usod for a fino leather for gloves, etc. Thoro is an idea that rabbit skins in this climuto aro of uo valuo, but a London export who was in this district soinn timo ago doclarod thoy wore quito as good for goneral purposes us *kins from tho cold climatos. Wo should despiso no means of rovonuoj and waste nothing, that wo^may want nothing. Mu Fasciier has givon us some intoroating infor mation about tho troes planted in tho citv. Thero aro pluntod in tho stroots 538 treo^ : in tho Park (all young yet) 035 ; a total of 1173. Tho distribution of troos in tho streots is: Lachlan-stroot, 230; Moppott-stroot, 97 ; Or&on-stroot;, 124 ; Batik-street, 47 ; Alinan- stroot, 40, Tho troos iu tho Park consist of : Oriental pianos, olins, cedars, lomon scented oucalypti, grovillea robusta, oak, jackaranda, walnuts, poppor (schinus mollo), Moroton Bay fig (Fieus gigantea), sycamore. Kurrivjong, potlarp, willows, ailanthus (troo of lleavoti), pines and cypresses ; also a numbor of shrubs. This season has boon tho bost Mr Fasciier has had for tho Park, and he hopes to make groat progress. Hjs beto noir is tho wretched wood which bear* a somblanco to sorrel, but is not sorrel. Tho hot winds willdisposo of this rubbiih, but in tho meautimo it hinders tho growth of tho grass. Tho lako is now full without any aid from the waterworks. Mr Maclakhn's ontor.tainmont camo off on Wod notday ovouing, and was a fair success. MrMaclaron's portion was vory entertaining. Ho porfonned somo really clovor tricks, sang a few songs capitally, and carried on an amusing monologue. He was reportedly applauded. Mr Mollior did his block balancing capi tally and rocoivod considerable applause. This is one of tho clovorest thing3 wo havo soon on tho stago. Mr Clifford, as usual, was big in his stump speech; this timo on ' Woman's Rights.' Mr Walsh brought down the .house with ' Mis* Houlaglian's Christ mas Cake.' Mr Lawroneo sang ' Tho Standard Banner in hno stylo ana wtMi good votco. no was oncorcd and sang as un oncoro ' Mollio Darling.' Mr Wilkins also sang well and was applauded. Particular attention is e.tlled to tho sale of land in tho township of Hillston, on Saturday, Octobor 2nd on tho ground. Wo understand that Mr McGeo has had ropoatod applications for tho purchaso of allot ments privatoly, but refused to sell, preferring to offer to public compotition, and thoroby gtvo all intend- I ing buyers a chance. The township of llilUton is situated on tho banks of tho Lachlan river, and forms the controof ono of tho largest pastoral and ngricul- ; tural districts in tho colony, and is daily incroasiug ; in importance : besides which it in ono of tho prottiost ! littlo towns in tho Southom HemUphers. Buyors will do well not to lot this opportunity slip, for many who purchased lots in this town at Mr. McGoo'a first i s-ile, havo sinco sold out at a clo.ir profit of 500 por 1 cont. And by reason of tho extension of public and private buildings, tho lots now available are infinitely superior to thoso alroady sold, At last tho Salvation Army iu Hay is an accom plished fact. Adjutant Jeffries arrivod iu Hay on Tuosday ovoning to mako arrangements for tho cam paign. All tho officers will bo horo on Saturday, and tho first shot will bo fired on Suturday evoning about 8 o'clock, in tho Gaiety Hall, Lachlan Streot. An outdoor sorvico will be held proviously. Thomombors of tho Army who will tako part, and who aro from , Sydney, will bo three ; tho adjutant and two female ! officora or 'Halloluah lassos.' Tho two fomalo officors will remain horo, but tho adjutant leavus on j Tuesday next. Sorvicos will bo hold in tho Gaiety Hall, on Sunday and on othor ovonings when practi cable, Tho 'lasses' arrived on Thursday night, and thero was anopon air sorvice. Afterwards tho now, soldiers orated at tho Wosloyun Church and made ono convert. Wo hoar it is intended to attack tho dovil in , Juneo at an early dato. Wn understand that tho South Hay Hotol has ! changed hands; having boon purchased by Mr C)X, ! of Jorilderio. Mr. Cox may bo said to havo beon tho ! foundor of tho Caledonian lTotol, and has boon iilon- ! titled * ith tho riso and growth of Hay. Wo havo no ; doubt his many old frionds will rally round him and j support his now vonturo. 1 TiiEvoluntoors choson to join tho Campbolltown j Encampment loft by tho ton o'clock train on Friday. We hopo the Corps will not bccomo apathotic, so that thoy may bo soUct» d as one of tho paid corps which it is contemplated to creato. It will dopond upon their efficiency and attondanco. Tho state of tho butts is not creditable. They uro iu a vory backward state. This is to bo rogrotted, bocauso thoro is no doubt that now lifo would bo infused into the corns if thoy woro finished and shootinc tournnmonts instituted. Tho Narrandora Corps, which at one timo seomod about to die, was revived by tho shooting contests and now bids fair to boat Hay. The mistako was to havo tho butts mado by tho labor of tho meu ; it would havo been hotter to havo them let by contract, o.icU mombor.to pay so much. And thon, wo think a wooden fr.»mo would havo dono quito as woll as au oarth ba'-k. The target lias been lying up at tho station for somo timo. Wo hopo matters will bo pushed on, and the corps qualify it«elf to become a paid body, which means great deal. Surely wo aro not going to be 'licked' by little Narrandera. In tho debato on tho Forbos-Wilcannia lino in tho Assembly Mr Lyno mado the following remarks : 'It is not ? fair to put to this Houso, that becauso tho Hay railway is not paying at tho prosont moment it would not pay if it wero carriod on to its logitimato torminus.' In roferonco to tho Jorildorio line, ho said : 4,l boliovo tho only thing that provonts its boing carricd on to Deniliquin is tho fear that it will oj)en up connection with tho railway system of Victoria.- But if that lino worocontinuod toDenili quin, 1 am satisfied that this oxtonsion would pay a great doal bottor than tho prosont section. When you tako a railway into a country liko that and stop at appoint where thore is very littlo produco to bo carricd, you cannot oxpoct that lino will pay; but if you carry tho railway to its Iegitimato commorcial terminus thoro will bo a chanco of its being romunor ativo.' Should cur Voluntoor Corps bo placed on tho paid list, tho pre-ent captain will bocorao MnjorRoed, and tho lieutenant, Captain llaynos. We havo still to roly upon tho 2-inch pipo put into tho old gutter, as nothing can bo dono to tho suction pipoa for the prosont. Dr Barnard s Homes for Dostituto Children in England havo dono oroat good and ought to be con sidered by all who dosiro to spoed roal philanthropic work. ^ Dr Barnard has now 1000 poor boys and girls and wishos to plant 000 rescued children in Canada t his year. The outfit, passage, See, c.ists L8 10s. Tho doctor adds to his appoal: 'Ploaso boar in mind that no dostituto child has ovor appliod at thoso door* in vaiu.'^ Tho work dono by Dr Barnard is of tho vory bost kind ; ho roscuos thoso who would bocomo cursos of socioty, and makos them good citizens. Tho ad dross is 18 to 20, Stopnoy Causeway, London, E. West Hay Estate — W. T. Hills reports having sold, on account of Mr Jamos Harrison Pollard, tho wholo of that wollknown and sj-londidly situated property, tho Wost Hay Estato, adjoining tho Bishop's Lortgo, and comprising 44 allotments, having a total frontage of 1500 foot to Keeble, Goorgo, Hursloy, Clay, Harri son, and Browory stroots. Tho distribution of thoso ' homes for all' was as follows : — Nos 1 to 0, Mr R. L. Trovona; 7 and 8, Mr R. Kennowoll, 9 and 10, Mrs Bourko; 11 to 10, Mr P. Prondorgast; 17 and 18, Mr Cooper; 10 and 20, Mr Wilson, 21 and 22, Mr E. T. Rice; 23 MrSummors; 24 to 28, Mr T. Tcarco;29and 30, Mr R. Fyfo; 31 to 34, Mr Shaw; .*15 to 38, Mr Bigg*; 39 and 40, Mr Shaw; 41, Mrs C-vrtor; 42, Mr Scriftiu; 43 and 44, Mr E. Roturn. Grand subdivi sion next woek, on now timo paymont svstsm; soo ad vertisement coming issue. Mr Butterworth roports having sold two blocks of land iu Hatty stroot to Mr II. N. Bowdon ; two blocks in Macauloy streot to Mr B Myors; 039$ acres C.P. land, on Tognunmin, fully improved, to Mr Joseph Currons ; also an allotmont near the hospital and an othor close to tho park. On Sunday, tho 20th inst, tho Row Mr Jobson intonds to hold special thanksgiving sorvicos for tho latoabundant and sea«onablo rains, at Euabaloug nt 1 1 a.m., Cudgcllico, 3.30 p.m., and 7 p.m, Church oe England, Hay.— Divine sorvico in St. Paul's on Sunday next, 20th inst. Carrathool Pueshytkrian Church. Tho Row Mr Hamilton will conduct dirino service in this ,*hli™h nn K„n,t.... Ol! Spring, Simiing, Gentle Simmng, 1880. — Wo havo much ploasuro in informing our nuinorous customers 1 that we mado our first Show of Now Spring Goods i on tho 11th Soptombor. Owing to tho doprossed state of our local district, buyors will find our pricos oxcoptionally low, Wo havo overy dopartmont woll represented, as wo havo nowdovotcd our spocial at tontion to tho coming soason ; our stock boing of tho now and latest fashions, designs, otc., seo our windows to-night. Tho bjjllc of tho now stock boing our own importation tho manufacturers lmvo sent us pattorns beautifully got up, which will be sont to our customers on application. — P. B. Terry. — Advt. 'inn body of.J, E. Armstrong, J.P., of Yarrara station, near Gormanton, was found in tho scrub noar his^ homo98tuad, with a bullot wound in tho hoad, which is tmpposod to havo beon solf-inflteted. Mr Bull, tho inventor of tho wheat stripper, has died in South Australia, aged 83. West Hay Estate.— W. T. Hills reports having sold allotment numbor 41 with a frontage of 31) foet to^ HarrUon street, toMraM. A. Carter, of Maudo. The town has boon exceedingly dull for' tho past month orso. This wook, as tho shods cut-out,' tho shearers began tocomo in. On Thursday and Friday matters bocamo a little livolior, and storokoopora and hotolkoopors woro ploasantor facos, * Meakesand FAYgivo' elsewhoro tho viows of thoir customors, which are woll ^orth reading. Tun Town Band will play in Lachlan otroot on Saturday night. On Sunday woek thoy will .play in tho Park, wln»n a collection for iho hobpital will bo i takon up. Gu.NUARis looking up. A toa mooting in connection with tho Prosbytorian Church is to bo hold on 13th Octobor, and arrangemonts aro boing nuido fora selec tors' b ill tho samo woek. Mr Ware has just oponod a largo supply of papor hangings, of tho nowost dosigu, which aro woll worth inspoctiou by thoso about to papor thoir housos. R. C. M'Kinnev and Co roport having sold during tho wook hacks, good sorts, from L10 to L15, wag gonctto aud bug^y horaos from L30 to L10 per pair, aud in anticipation of ihoir largo hor^o salo this day; medium and draught horses aro not in demand. Wag gonettes sold privatoly from L20 to L30. We wish to call special attention to It. C. M'Kinnoy ! aud Co's horso salo at tho Caledonian salo yards to morrow (Saturday). As tho liorsos to bo offered aro of first J class quality, buyors iu want of modiumor draughts should not fail to bo iu attondanco. Tho samo firm will offer immediately aftoi' tho horse salo a quantity of furniture — soo advt. Lord Carringtun is being postorcd on all hands for subscriptions. Tho wifo of a Wosloyan minister in Sydnoy begged hini by lottortopayoffthodobton her husband's chnrch.;^ Lord Carrington sont a half a sovereign ! Quito enough, too, considering the calls upon him. The Chinese Government aero far ahead of ovon : Mr L'ibbs. Tho French war cost them a lot of monoy, so thoy havo informed tho « oalthy classos that thoy 'aro to contribute so much according to tlioir abili— titio.s. It isn't 'You may' but ' Yon must.' Of courso intorost is promUod — horeaftoi*. i It has been decided t - carry out tho death son tonco on Reynolds, who mado his wifo swallow poison. Letters from Molbourno stato Downing and Co. havo nearly completed tho arrangomont^ for tho £10,000 loin. At tho samo timo it is statoJ capi talists in Molbourno look upon Now South Wales securities as ' shaky.' Tho C unmons Bill was finally agrood by tho Logislativo Council on Thursday last, and will pro bably become law this week. The Sydnoy Globe is undoubtedly ono of tho most vigorous papors iu tho colony now, Wo reprint on our fourth pago a telling nrticlo on tho rocont ira | morilitios in Sydnoy, aiming straight at tho i churches;-' Sir Patrick .Tonnings is to bo creatod a baronot — that is tho titlo is to descend. Mr Travis has openod his spring goods, which aro of tho best quality, and sold at priccs to meot tho doprossed timo*. Mr Travis is woll known in this district as a good buyer and that is a guar uitoo uiai/ iiis firing goous win no goou vaiuo ior ino monoy invested. His shop is just now well worth a visit to to thoso who lovo shopping, .as some of tho latost and cheapost novoltios aro displayed. A special eashmcrotto nt G$d is advertised as a specialty. A sensational mining accidont occurred at Cluno.'. A fall of earth took place in a blocking face in tho leading east drivo off No. S shoot at tho Buto and Downcs mine, at about 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning, burying a miner named Patrick Gannon up to his armpits. Ho was in tho act of knocking out tho falso sot of timbor whon tho rolcasod woight of earth caused two sets of tiinbar to cant, followed by a heavy fall of earth. Gannon's mate, hearing tho timber croak'ng had timo to escape, but the falling timbor pinnod Gannon's legs and tho lower part of his body to tho bottom of tho drive. Fortunatoly a truck was just behind Gannon, on which the cap pioco rostod in its fall. This circumstance laved tho uu fortunato man from being smothered. To roscuohim a drivo was driven under him. Tho occurronco has caused intonso oxcitcmont. The efforts of tho rescuers proved successful. Gannon was brought to tho surface at 1 1 p.m. and removed to tho Hospital. A notice rc tho Roope ostato appoars olsowhoro. On tho 4th October Mr Melher gives au ontortain raoot at tho Avadomy — Sou advt. Mr Gale held a Crown Lands salo on Wednesday, whon 3740 acre - 2 roods worn sold in tho parishes of Tayerunby and Pungmaloo ; county of C iira, to tho Australasian Land Morlgago and Finance Cumpanyat 30s peracr 