Sftetcfoer. Indian Myths. By 1 STELLA OCCIDEXS." SHOULD yon ask me, whence these stories— Whenee these legends and traditions ? * * * * * * I should answer, I should tell yon, From the forests and the prairies, From the great lakes of the Norfhland, From the land of the'Ojibways, From the land of the Docotaba. • • • • . I repeat them as I heard them.—LONGFELLOW Daring the long, cold, winter nights, the Indians gather round the camp-fire, and relaie the wonderful tales and myths of their country. Under the great pines, in an ever green forest of the Boeky Mountain, region, by the blazing light of the camp-fire, and snrronnded by the darkness of night, stands an old roan, telling in simple language the story cf Tawats, the hare-god, and his encounter with Ta-vi, the sun-god. The Indians are great actors, and tell more by action than by words. The elders listen with reverence, whilst the younger members are often BO excited as to dance with delight, or shiver with fear, according to the influence of the orator and his story. ' The old man tells them how in long past times the son Rod Ta-vi was free to roam about the world at pleasure, ssorchiag people -when he came too near, and leaving them shivering with cold when he hid away in his cave. One day Ta-watp, the hare-god was sitting round the camp-fire, out in the woods, with his family gathered ronnd him, waitind for the sun-god to come out of his cave ang warmthem. At last they grew tired of waiting, and fell asleep. The sun god then approached the hare-god and his family so near that he scorched Ta-wats' ehonlder. Then Ta-vi ran away and hid himself, for he was afraid that the hare god would bo angry. When the latter woke up, and found how badly the sun-god had treated him, he was very angry, and determined to be revenged. He travelled for days and days, meeting with many adventnres, and overcoming many obstacles. At last he arrived at the brink of the world, and he waited patiently until he should seethe sun-god. Presently the latter, thinking his enemy had gone, peeped out, and the hare-god Bhot an arrow in hia face, "hut the rays of the sun burnt the arrow before it reached him. Ta-wats shot again and again without effect, until at lact he sent a magical arrow, which never failed to reach Its mark. This strnok Ta vi full in the face, and the sun fell to pieces, setting the whole earth on-fire. The hare-god fled, but as ho fled the burning earth scorched. his feet, his legs, his body, until at last only his head was left. This went rolling along, bumping over rock , and crevice, across mountains and valleys, through deep ravines and abvsses. -Finally the eyes of the hare-god burst," and Tears gashed forth in each a flood that it juenched.the fire. The sun-god was conquered and he was summoned to anpear before a oonncil to await sentence. The judges condemned him to travel across' the sky day after day, on the same path, and he was only to appear at certain timeB. The days, nights,, months and seasons were also.regulated by this council. The Algonquin race have the beautiful myth of the Bed Swan, somewhat similar to the above. They believe that the hnnter Ojibwa, whilst skinning a bear, noticed that the sky gradually " became tinged with a bright. red light. He saw a beautiful red swan with brilliant plumage flying across a lake, and tried in vain to ehoot it, his arrows proving useless. He .then tried three magic arrows, only, succeeding however, in striking the swan with the third. The wounded bird flew off, feebly flapping its wings, until it sank at last under the water. Ojibwa parsaed the red swan westward, and discovered that she was the daughter ol an old magician. The old man had lost his soalp, which Ojibwa found for him, and put lack on his head. The magician. then gave his heantiful daughter, the Bed Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they returned to the earth together. In Longfellow's "Hiawatha," this myth is referred to by Iagoo, the marvellous story-teller, at Hiawatha's wedding, when he relates the story of «' The Son of the Evening Star" :— Can it be the son descending O'er the level plain of water ? Or the Bed Swan floating, flying, . Wounded by the magic arrow ? Staining all the waves with crimson, With the crimson of its life-blood, Filling all the air with splendour, With the -splendour of its plamage ? Shortly after the San had been condemned to travel across the sky, another council was held- to elect a Moon which ^as to shine during the night. Whippoorwill, God of the Night, was chosen to preside at this council. After a long debate, a frog offered himself as a willing sacrifice, and was. chosen. Various magical incantations and ceremonies were used, and he was changed into the new Moon. Naturally the Moon gives no he'at, being A adc out of the cold body of a frcg. The Dahkotah Indians believe that the Moon is made of something good to eat—as good, probably, as green cheese. When the Moon is full, a great number of small mice commence nibbling until they have eaten it all up. A new Moon then begins to grow until it is full, when it is in turn devoured. The Dihfeotahs count their months by the Moon, as follows:— 1\. Witeri, January ; the hard Moon. 2\. Wicata-wi, Fc bruary; the racoon Moon. 3\. Istawicayazan-wi, March; the sore-eye Moon. Magaokadi wi, April; the Moon in which the geese lay eggs; also called Wokadawi; and sometimes Watopapi-wi, the Moon when the streams are again navigable. 5\. Wcjupi-wi, May ; the planting Moon. 6\. Wajustecasa-wi, June; the Moon when strawberries are red. . 7. Canpaeapa-wi, July;. the Moon when choke-cherries are ripe. 8\. Wasuton-wi, Atigust; the_ harvest Mo«B. 0\. Pdinhnaketu-wi, September; the Moon when rice is laid up to dry. 10\. Wi-wajupi, October; the drying rice Moon. 11\. Takiynra-wi, November; the deer-ratting Moon. 12\. Tahecapsun wi, December; the Moon when the deer shed their horns. The Indians have many myths concerning Day and Night. Schoolcraft, in his " AJgic Researches," describes the Haron nature-myth concerning Day and Night;—"Iosco," says Tylor, " seems to be Ioskeha, the White One, whose contest with hjs brother Tawieoara, the Dark One, is an early and most genuine Haron ^nature-myth of Day and Night. Iosco and his friend travel for years eastward and eastward to reach the sun, and come at last to the dwelling of Manabozho, near the edge of the world; and then, a little beyond, to the chasm to he passed on the way to the land of the Sun and the Moon. They begin to hear the Found of the beating sky, and it seems near at hand; but they have faT to travel before they reach the place. When the sky oame down its pressure would force gusts of wind from the opening, so strong that the travellers could hardly keep their feet, and the san passed but a short distance above their heads. The sky would come down with violence, but it would rise slowly and gradually. Iosco and one cl hie friends stood near the edge, and with a great effort leapt through, and gained a foothold on the other side; bat the other two were fearful and undecided, and when their companions called to them through the darkneBs, Leap! leap I the sky is on its way down, they looked up, and saw it descending; bat, paralysed by fear, they sprang so feebly that they reached the other side with their hands, and the sky at the same moment striking violently on the earth with a terrible sound, forced them into the dreadful, dark abyss The Ottawa tribes also believe the San and r Moon to be brother and sister. "Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a chasm in the sky, and found themselves in a pleasant, moonlit land. There they saw the moon approaching as from behind a hill; they knew her at the first- sight; she was an aged woman with white face and pleasing air. Speaking kindly to them, she led them to her brother, the Sun, and he carried them with him in his coarse, and sent them heme, with promise of happy life." There is an Ottawa myth about Mana bozho, the solar god, among the Algonquins, which tells about his driving his father, the West, across mountain and lake to the brink of the world, but he was not able to kill him. The conflict is described in " Hiawatha"; the West-Wind or Mudjekee'wis being the father of Hiawatha. Then began the deadly conflict, Hand to hand among the mountains. Back retreated Madjekeewis, Bashing westward o'er the mountain?, Stumbling westward down the mountains, Three whole days retreated fighting, Still pursued by Hiawatha, To the portals of the West Wind,' To the portals of the Sunset, To the earth's remotest borders, Where into the empty spaces Sinks the eun, as a flamingo Drops into her nest at nightfall In the melancholy marshes. " Hold 1" at length cried Madjekeewis, •• Hold, my son, my Hiawatha I 'Tis impossible to kill me, For ycu cannot kill the immortal. I have put you to this trial But to know and prove your courage." In the Ottawa myth, Manabozho is called Na-na-bou-jou, and is the elder brother of Ninp-gah-be- ar-nong Manito, the Spirit of the West, god of the country of the dead, in the region of the setting sun. This ean: hero, Manabozho, when he angled for the King of Fishes, was swallowed, canoe and all; then he smote the monster's heart with his war-clnb till h^ would fain have cast him up into the lake' again, but the hero set his canoe fast across the fish's throat inside, and finished slaying him; when the dead monster drifted ashore, the gulls peeked an opening tor Manabozho to come out." This stoiy is likewise told in " Hiawatha," in the account of the Little Monedo of the Ojibwas. The Or&ibi; philosopher, who lives in a •pueblo, knows something therefore, he imagines the world to be e building, and seven 6tories high. We ai3 supposed to occupy tha second story, one being below, and fiva being above. The thiri fitorv is occupied by the rain-god, who sprinkles the earth with rain by dipping a brush made of birds' feathers'into the lakes of the skies. The Indians who live on the cliffe of Arizona believe that the rain is sent for the irrigation of their crops and to refresh the thirsty earth. In the winter this god caases a snow-fall by crushing the ice of the heavenly lakes, and scattering it over the earth. - The reason why we occupy the second story of this wonderful building is presented in the following way by the Oraibi philosopher. It was supposed that people originally inhabited a lower world by means of a magical tree, which served as a ladder from the lower world to this. They foand the firmament resting low down on the earth, forming the 4loor of the world, and Mateito, one of their gods, raised the firmament on his shoulders to his present place. He is also eupposed to have made the moon out of seven baskets of cotton balls, woven by seven maidens, and the bits of cotton which were scattered about whilst they worked were made into stars. Mateito then made a enn to keep the people warm, for they complained because the moon was cold. He made the sun of the hair of seven buffalo robes. He also appointed the times and seasons for the heavenly bodies to appear; and the gods of the heavens have obeyed his commands from the day of creation till the present time. According to the Shoshoni Indians, the sky is ice (being of the colour of ice) and the fall of snow is caused by a monster serpent-god, who coils his huge back against the eky and brushes the ice dust off with his scales. That serpent-god is supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpent-god of storm. In the winter time the serpent sends snow, and in the summertime rain. Schoolcraft, who spent some time visiting among the Indian tribes, relates a story told by a North American Indian prophetess, describing a vision she had of the Bright Blue Skjc " At her solitary fast at womanhooc she fell into an ecstasy, and at the call of spirits she went up to heaven by the path leads to the opening in the sky; there T- heard a voice, and, standing still, saw ta «gare of a man near the path. His head w u-. surrounded by a beauiful halo, and his breast was covered with squares. «Look at me,' he said, * my name is Oihaunauegeeghick, the Bright Blue Sky,'" She likewise described the spirit as being ornamented with the hieroglyphic horns of power. The North American Indians called th'" PieiadeB the Dancers, and the morning sta* theDay-bringer. Stories are told of an Indian who had long gazed on a Btar in childhood One day it left its place in the heavene, and came down to the earth, and talked with him. When he went out hunting, and had poor luck, the star would lead him to the place where there was plenty of game. The Indian myths about the planet "Venus are interesting. Longfellow tells in "Hiawatha "how.— " The Star of Evening Melts and trembles through the parple, Hangs suspended in the twilight. No ; it is a bead cf Wampum On th^ robes of the Great Spirit, As he passes through the twilight, Walks in silence through the heavenB! " Then Iagoo, the story-teller, relates how Osseo, the son of the wandering star of Evening, was beloved by O veenee, the " silent, dreamy maiden," who refused " all her young and handsome suiters,'* and married— " Old Oiseo, poor and ugly, Broken with age and weak with coughing, Always coughing like a squirrel, Ah, but beautiful within him Was the spirit of 03seo, From the Evening Star descended." All the heavenly bodies, indeed, were sapposed to be haman beings or spirits by the North American Indians. The ghost theory was very^obviously held among them, not the mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writers. " I SUPPOSE I'll have to go; but, indeed, it wasn't my fault," said a pretty servant gir] when the mistress of the house surprised her husband hugging the lass. "Ob, no,don't think of going," replied the practical mistress; " since you have been with us we are saving money. My husband remains in of evenings, watching for chanees to hug you, and I stay home to watch him. His remaining at home Is from 50 to §2 in his pocket every night, and I'll want some of the money shortly for a new dress, and there'll be trouble if I don't get it. Most married women will not have a pretty servant'girl about the house; but when a pretty servant girl will enable me to get pretty clothes I'm willing to tolerate her." —Philadelphia Doily Herald. 