OUR MELBOURNE LETTER; ·--· '~-~~-- ----o-----* The presentpoliti&l; position in Victoria is simply unique. In the first place, political partiesareled bytwo'gentlemenwhohaveheld office seven weeks after they were publicly known to be political ghosts; in the second place these have each chosen their Elishas and proclaimed them to the world without in the least hurrying up their own translation in chariots of fire, which in our prosaic days are represented by ocean-going steam boats in the third, these two have represented the colony at a Federal Council and enacted laws they will not be in Parliament to defend; in the fourth the Elishas have each had their own programme before the country, irespective of the fact that their Elijah's had not given up business ; and to conclude, a new Ministry has been practically formed, the namesof its members withthe allotment of offices published, unoflicislly of course, but still so correctly that the leaders, when challenged, can't repudiate one of them, and all while another Government still holds the reins of power. Add to this about six p'atforms put forward to distract the country and about half a dozen leaders, each fighting for his own hand, and we may. consider ourselves in about as pretty a pickle as the Greeks were before Troy, when rent, by factious marplotting. One feature of the new Government which will probably be announced on Wednesday is tlat it is a Press one and contains more men who have graduated upon newspapers and first by that means won their public spurs than any that have preceded it. It contains no less than five gentlemen who have proved to be remarkably handy with the pen, four of whom have actually done staff work on newspapers. It will be curious to note the effect of this influence on the tone of the Press generally, for, with the advent to office of the Gillies .Deskin combination, it may be said, in the fullest meaning of the words, that the Press of Victoria rules the country. Witll the Press exerting its tremendous influence outside and a majority of Pressmen in Cabinet conning the ship, and the repre sentatives of three powerful daily news papers actually presiding at the departments, the despotism of the Press may be said to have been completely inangurated, and it speaks well for tlhe intellectual training it gives, that on such an occasion as thie present the most fitting men in Parliament to hold office are adjudged to be thoe= who obtained their experience of political life in the gallery as well on the floor. There is every rea-on to hope that the despotism will be a beneficent one, for there is no one more sensitive to public opinion, more apt to catch its drift and quick to shape his course by it, than your thoroughly trained Pressman. A Ministry imbued with this class of talent will be quickly responsive to the touch of public opinion and anxious to keep in accord with it. It will glide rather with the stream of current thought than attempt to stem it. It will be the brain of the body politic, throbbing in responsive federation with the great heart of the people beating tumultuous below. Please don't be deluded into the belief that the various schemes propounded by the doctrinaires who seek to better their position in the new Parliament by gaining a little temporary notoriety now are really planks. Actually they are only window sashes, and the chances are that before the House of Assembly calls Mr. M. H. Davies to the Chair as Speaker, there will be such a lot of light passed through them that you will find they are all considered too hollow for use. Seriously, though, this little move of chair ing Mr. Davies is contemplated, should Mr. Lalor fail to return to the new Parliament as expected. If this probability does eventuate, it will be one to be sincerely regretted, for no one has ever ruled our tusbulent Assembly with more impartial judgment and better discretion, exhibiting always "the reason firm, the temperate will," than Peter Lalor. But there's many a slip, &e.;, and Mr Davies' owr seat is none too sure My own impres sion is that the new Parliament will contain at least a score or twenty-two new faces, but, so'far as can be learned from the dis tricts where the new candidates are best known, none of, them are likely to prove of commanding ability. The woman suffragists iove' scored ia rietory. After years of discussion aSid newspaper talk they have at last succeeded -in formulating a distinct item on their pogrsmmer'They lihaer foreed'tho recog. nition of their'claims, in that they have-by sa majority, a small one it is true, but still a majority-in publie meeting assemabled, carried ain' amendment that in future woman's suffrage shall form a plank of the National Liberal League. We are aot told whether.those presentvoted for the amend ment, purely for the "fun of the thing," out of Igallantry for the ladies, or under compulsion from their better halves. Al we do:know is that the amendment was carried, and that a large minority of the meeting so far disagreed with the decision airived at, as to quit the building at once. Mrs. Dugdal and other powerful feminine 'advocates of the movement were on the platform, so that it is little wonder that a majority was secured for the amendment. He must, indeed, be a bold one who could so far run the battery of femininity present on Friday night at Hotham as to have raised any objection. As a rule, I don't care about prophesy, but I dare take reasonable, odds that, before the statutary time expires, we shall have a lady candidate nominated for one of the constituencies for the general election. The only doubt is-but no, perish the thought-some gallant will be found willing to advance the indispensable "fifty." Looking over the files by recent mails I have been impressed with the longevity with which ministers of religion are favoured. Evidently there must be something after all compatible in preaching the gospel, with rest and peace of mind; otherwise it would be impossible that so many clergymen should so far outlive the prescribed three score and ten of the Psalmist. In the Insurance offices, too, this important fact is fully recognised, for I learn from a "life" canvasser that, in the case of ministers, advanced lives require less loading than do those of the ordinary man of business. But even in the churches the scale varies. Thus in the table of rates the Congregationalist and Episcopal Church ramik first, while next in order come the Roman Catholics, the Pyresbyterians, the Baptists, while very low down in the scale are the Wesleyan Methodists, the position of the latter being doubtless due in a great degree to the emotional nature of their services, as tending to impair the healthful action of the heart,withits consequent danger to life. Here are one or two statistics I have culled of deceased clergymen :-Rev. Josiah Ball (Congregationalist), aged 78; Joshua Armitage (Congregationalist), 81; and Rev. E. Derrington, another Congregationalist, 85\. How many other professions are there can show such aged workers dying in harness ? A Mr. Charles Montrose, a journalist well known in Melbourne, has expended con siderable pains in the production of a pamphlet on Trades' Unions and Strikes. From a cursory glance it would appear that Mr. Montrose has mainly directed his efforts to prove that, as a rule, Trades' Unions are a mistake. It is just here that the majority of folks will be inclined to differ with the writer. At the door of Trades' Unions can scarcely be laid the evil of strikes-for evil they undoubtedly are. Rather will it be accepted that, under proper control, thlso unions will do much to mitigate, if not altogether abolish strikes. As a rule, these unions are looked upon as menacing combination against employers and capital. But it must be remembered that, with us, each trade is but one of a grand whole, pre sided over by the Trades' Hall Council, to whom is remitted the consideration of all questions affecting labor. -Now as this same Council has exhibited a desire to come into friendly relationship with the employers, so will the possibility of strikes be gradually minimised. With this exception Mlr. Montrose's cheap little pamphlet is very readable. : 