TRAVELLERS' SNAKE STORIES. Serpents may be divided into two great classes — those which kill by muscular pressure, and those which poison. Of the first, the boa and its congeners, the python (Indian boa) and anaconda, the great water serpent of South America, are the most formidable. Thirty feet, or very little over, seems to be the maximum length to which the first and second attain; the last has been known to grow to 40ft. in length. It is just to add that serpents of these dimensions are excessively rare. And, further, it may be stated in general terms that the instances where they have attacked man are comparatively rare also. The great python of the Sunda Isles has been known to kill, though it could hardly swallow, a buffalo. The exploit of one of these reptiles furnished a subject very popular among the illustrators of books on natural history early in the present century. The story goes that a Malay prow had anchored for the night under the island of Celebes. One of the crew went on shore to search for betel-nuts, and is supposed to have fallen asleep on the beach when he emerged from the forest. In the dead of night his companions abroad the prow were roused by heartrending screams. They immediately went ashore, but arrived too late. The cries had ceased; the nnfortunate man was found crushed to death in the folds of an enormouB python, which had wound itself round his head, neck, breast, and thighB. They bad, however, the satisfaction of killing it, which was more than some natives will dare to attempt. Though a boa, when gorged with food, may be killed with comparative ease, we are told that the South Africans seldom avail them- selves of the opportunity, for they believe that it has a great influence over their destinies, and "that no person has ever been known to maltreat it without sooner or later paying for his audacity." Not so the Boers, however, as we shall see by an example furnished by Anderson. Two Boers had found a bees' nest among rocks, and a hole by which it could bo reached. One of them crawled in, though dissuaded by his companion, who feared that it might prove the retreat of a serpent. He had not crept far when he stopped suddenly, horror-stricken 1 Eight in face of him was an ondara (a boa-constrictor) advancing towards him with glaring eyes. The poor Boer squeezed himself against the rocky walls of the hole in an agony of fear, holding his breath. The bmte, glaring through the darkness, passed him, but quickly turned round, thrust his fangs into his body, and crushed him to death. His companion at first fled, but having recovered his courage, returned, and watching the hole until he saw the ondara leave, crept into its narrowest part. After several hours of dreadfal suspense, the entrance to the hole was darkened—the great serpent had returned. Outstretching his hand into the gloom, he watched for the ondara's head, grasped its neck with the strength of a desperate man, and dashed it again and again from side to side of the rocky cave, until its struggles ceased, and it was an unrecognisable mass of gore. There is evidently great danger in seeking refuge in caverns where serpents abound. M. de la Garioniere tells us of a native in the Phillippines, who, having committed 6ome heinous offence, ran away from the settlements and took refuge in a cave. His father, who alone knew the place of concealment, visited him occasionally to supply him with food. " One day lie found, in place of his boy, an enormous boa sleeping. He killed it and found his son in its stomach. The poor wretch had been surprised in the night, crushed to death and swallowed." These full-sized boas are only met in the gloomiest and most remote re cesses of forests. M. de la Gironiere also tells us that oh several occasions when passing through the woods with his Indian servants he heard the piercing cries of wild boars which bad become the victims of the boas. The serpent would be found hanging from a branch, and gradually hoisting its unwieldly prey. When the wild boar had been lifted to a certain height, struggling helplessly with its assailant, the latter would press it against the tree, crushing its life out of it. Thcu the boa would let its victim fall, itself descend the tree, and prepare to comfortably enjoy its meal. " This last operation was," says the narrator, " much too lengthy to await its end. To simplify matters, I sent a ball into the boa's head." Then the Indians would dry and eat the flesh, using the skin to make dagger sheaths. A Dutch friend of Waterton, one of whose own exploits will be hereafter mentioned, killed a boa 22ft. long with a pair of 6tag's horns sticking out of its mouth. It had gradually swallowed the stag, but the horns being much too large for its capacity, was waiting in patience till its stomach digested the body, when the antlers would have dropped out In this ridiculous plight it came to grief, a quick shot settling the business. Towards the end of 1882 several English newspapers reprinted, from a journal published in Singapore, the account of a fight between a man and a python, which would indicate that the Guy Livingstone type of muscular heroes is not extinct among Europeans in that settlement. One day news was brought to the Curator of the Museum that a great python, which was on exhibition there, had escaped from its box, and wais careering about the building, no doubt thoroughly enjoying the flight of the attendants and visitors. The brute was no less than 22ft. long. At that moment the curator happened to have a bottle of carbolic acid in his hand. " It was a most exciting tussle when they came together, and for a few seconds the shivering native spectators could not make out which was snake and which was man." The guardian of the Museum's treasures had secured a firm grip of the python's throat, but on the other hand the serpent had coiled its crushing folds around his legs. Had it been a question of strength merely, the boa must have won the day; the Curator would soon have been only fit to make a stuffed mummy in his own Museum. But after a struggle or two more he managed cleverly to decant the bottle of carbolic acid down the reptile's throat—the grip on which he had never relaxed. The boa had evidently been unaccustomed to the drink —nay, it evidently disagreed with him. The coils loosened from the Curator's limbs, a convulsive shiver went through the entire 22ft. of snake, and in a few minutes the great python was dead. After which it is to be hoped that the spectators gratefully brought their deliverer something reviving, for wrestling with a python iu the tropics must be decidedly warm work. The boa has not merely ofttimes been mastered by man, but by much inferior beings. An officer stationed at Kalladgee, in India, was once climbing a rocky hill, when he, and a native who accompanied him, .witnessed the following episode. A poor monkey was being slowly enwrapped in the voluminous folds of an enormous boa, its bones breaking like pipestoms by the pressure. Gradually the reptile unwound itself, leaving a crushed, unrecognisable mass. The numerous monkeys on the rock were in the greatest state of excitement, running wildly about, gesticulating, chattering, and moaning, though, of course, powerless to help their comrade. While the snake was commencing its gorge, and before its body began to fill and swell, the officer and native went in quest of a stout cndgel and a sharp knife, expecting to make it an easy prey as soon as it should he filled to repletion. When they returned to the scone of strife the boa lay thoroughly gorged beneath a projecting mass of cliff, looking more like a log than anything more lively. On the summit above a troop of monkeys was assembled and three or four of the largest and strongest were occupied in displacing a massive fragment of rock, already loosened by the rains from the main ledge. By enormous exertion—made,. too, with a silence quite unusual to monkeys—they at~longth sncseeded in pushing the rock until it trembled just over the boa's head ; then, uttering a yell of triumph, they dropped it over the miniature precipice. It struck the boa on the head, mashing it to a jelly. As its great tail lashed about ineffectually in its last struggle there was a general chorus of exultation—man joining his near relative, if we believe some of our instructors—over this well accomplished act of vengeance. Du Chaillu has given us a story of a snake charmer who suffered by his temerity in playing with a snake, the fangs of which had been left intact. The naja, or great water snake of Equatorial Africa, which grows to 10ft. in leugtb, has many of the characteristics of the cobra, beingvenomous, and having the power of erecting itself. There was on the Gaboon a negro from Goree noted for his daring in handling these and other serpents. One day he appeared with a huge naja, and began to amuse himself and a crowd of natives by teasing the reptile. At first, when Du Chaillu saw him, he had the snake coiled round his body, but took care to hold it firmly just below the neck, and it was obvious that he had to UBO a considerable amount of strength, for the muscles of bis arm stood out in .bold relief. Then with his other hand he took the tail of the snake, and giving it a vigorous swing unfolded the reptile from his black body, which was shining with perspiration and excitement. He next threw it away, then suddenly ran in front of it, and teased it with a light stick. " The man," says Du Chaillu, " became bolder and bolder, more and more careless, and the snake probably more and more accustomed to the mode of warfare of his antagonist, and just as the monster stood erect the man attempted to seize his neck, as he bad done many and many a time before ; hut grasped the body too low, and before he had time to let it go the head turned and the man was bitten. I was perfectly speechless; the scene had frozen my blood, and the wild shrieks of all those around rent the air. The serpent was loose and crawling on the ground, bat before it had time to go far a long pole came down upon its back and broke its spine, and in lees time than I take to write it down the monster was killed." The French doctor of the settlement was fortunately at hand, and applied prompt and powerful remedies. The man suffered intensely for some time, his body becoming swollen and his mind wandering; his life seemed to hang in the balance. At last he was able to get abont, though complaining of great pain _in the region of his heart. A short time after the accident he went out, as he said, to cnt wood with his axe, but suddenly split his own skull iu two. The man had become insane. The virulence of snake poison, and especially Tattle-snake poison, is something almost inconceivable. A case came under the writer's notice a few years ago in California, which is different in its nature from any be has seen recorded. A friend, Mr. S , a successful vineyardist in the beautiful Sonoma Valley, employed, as do all the vine-growers and wine-makers of the Golden State, a number of Chinamen. One of these, while picking grapes, was bitten in the arm by a rattlesnake. He was immediately taken to the house, and a messenger sent for the nearest doctor. Meantime, his arm was placed in a footbath, filled with native brandy just from the still, and as strong as brandy can be, the expectation being that it would dissolve the poison out of the wound. Every effort was also made to induce the Chinaman, who was in the greatest agony, to drink a quantity of the same spirit, the general belief being that if the victim can be well filled up with the potent fluid and made intoxicated, his chances of living are much greater. Teetotallers have not the ghost of a chance. The Chinaman absolutely refused, and when he expired, which was shortly afterwards, unfeeling people said, "Ton see, he'd rather die than drink that abominable Californian brandy." The point of the story is that Mr. S , wishing to make the Chinaman keep his arm well soaked in the brandy, put his own hand on it and in the liquid, of which there was a quantity of not less than four gallons. He stated to the writer that he was not aware of any scratch or abrasion on his hand, yet he waa immediately poisoned, and for a long time afterwards walked about feebly, his face of greenish-white and corpse-like appearance. Althongh he had the best medical advice, and survived, it was very doubtful whether bis system bad not been permanently injured. Only a part of the poison had evidently dissolved in the brandy, and wa? diluted and diffused through several gallons of it; bat there was sufficient virulence in it to kill a dozen men. A very recent writer, who brought a South American rattlesnake home with him, says that " rata, of which this one ate many while in my possesion, fell over •when struck, shivered, and were dead in a Bccond or two without a cry, as though shot; and this from two liny pin wounds, not easy to find even on dissection." An American experimentalist records the effects of the poison on even vegetable, which he inooculated with the point of a lancet. They were healthy and fro3h when the point was inserted ; next day they were withered and dead, and looked as though scathed by lightning. layrer transmitted the venom through the blood of a series of three animals with fatal results to all. Yet the flesh of any of them might have been safely eaten; the attendants and native servants always ate the fowls poisoned in the course of Fayrer's experiments. An Australian gentleman, some years ago, was the cause of a venomous snake committing suicide, by poisoning itself. He had pinned a black snake to the ground by means of a forked stick, and unintentionally in his haste by the middle of the body. No sooner had he done this than the snake got into a violent rage, and instantly buried its fangs in itself, inakin; the spot wot, either with viscid slime o the deadly poison. It had hardly uuburied its fangs when its c<ils round the stick suddenly relaxed, a perceptible quiver ran through its body, and, in much less time than it takes to write.it, lay extended and motionless, as though gasping for breath. In less than three minutes from the time it bit itself it was perfectly dead, A post-mortem examination showed the blood colorless, as though the poison had destroyed the coloring matter. Wuterton, however, who made a labarri snake bite itself by forcing the poisonous fangs into its belly, says ihat it only appeared rather dull and heavy for a short time, and in half an hour was as brisk and vigorous as ever. Harmless serpents have a great antipathy to ' the rattlesnake, an I often attack it. The chain or ring snake is carefully protected from destruction f >r this reason in the Southern States of Americu. In California'tbe same snake will creep up stealthily to one till within a few feet, then make a sudden spring, and coil round it, crushing it to death. But its greatest enemy is tho hog, either wild or domesticated. A writer in the Field testified to the same thing in regard to the cobra. He had seen pigs bitten over and over again id the snout and face, without the slightest ill results, aud generally coming off victorious In the Western States of America it is said that an old sow with a litter to pro vile for will hunt tho rattle-snake 'and allow it to bite into' the fat of its cheeks again and again j when the reptile is tired out, it will seize it by the head and rip it to pieces through its teeth. If a hog is lean and the fangs striketbe circulation, it will, however, die from the wounds. • The mungoose, a bird known aB the kingfisher of Australia, and the secretary-bird of Africa, are well known almost always to come off victorious in encounters with the snake, and it has oven been proposed to breed them specially for its extirpation. 