\- .".A anarkable'-fcrtifeerskriKn»' living nt H«n'8i*afei»n'? Cumberland. Tlie peraon ia a -widow nasnfed" Jonanna Nolan, and should filto live until urit Whitsunday ebe will have attained %er 102nd birthday. ShelireB with hereon, 3obn Nolan (himEclf an old man), at Hay ton's Court Ken sington, and was left a widow at an early age.: At the time of the rebellion in Ireland, in 1798, she was 13 years old, and she hasifHg. tinctiire recollection of the battle of T"inejfar Hill, and some of tb<" minor incidents ot the .insurrection.' She not only ha« all hr»r facul ties, butiias sufficient energy to dd^Iaitj-sesr ing, quilting, and knitting, and ic constantly flngagcd^n that, occupation. She 'broke lier. arm. by a falia-short time ago, .and at once walked to the WhitchaTen 'lufirmory, had die- limb est, sad then walked back fco Hen eingkani, a distance of two mile?. Her arm has bad tbe splint; renoved from' it.. an:?, though she still wears the bandages, the «z peots to be at work a/ain in a few days: State Aid to Chubchbs rir MAtr»rrnjs. — Aooording to the. following it wouid eecm that minorities hue the best of it in Mjauritius :—Ib the Council of Government the Hon C. F. H. A.daw recently gays notiee of a motion as follows—" Whereas, according to the last census returns of Uauri tiuB, tho Soman Catholics number 10?,000 and the Protestants only 8000, and whereas annanl grants from public money for eacle siasticai purposes amount to Rs. 125,849, which enm is dirided by the Executive thus: —Roman Catholics, Re. 79,577 ; Protestants, Rs. 46,323; that i=, for each Roman Caibolia an annual grant of Serenly-three cents. of a rupee, and for each Protestant en annual grant of five rupees and seventy- eight cents, of a rupee ; and wnereas this division of ecclesiastical grants is not just—this Council resolves tbat in future the principle l»id down by the Earl of Kimberley in his despsHchcs, respecting ecclesiastical grants in the West Indies shall be applied in Mauritius—this is, that the division of the State (rants as be tween Roman Catholics «nd Protestants shall be made according to the number of each denomination." Spccussrcx Cabeeb Br a Wobkhoprb Boy.— Mr John Woodcock, shipbuilder. NortUwich, deeply interested a large company of guests and workpeople, on the occasion of launching a ship from his yard on February 15, by iho narration of an extraordinary st-ory of his life. For six years, till thirteen - years of age, he was an inmate of ihe Lsth*icb Workhouse. He was then turned adrift, and became errand boy to a doctor *t Clieadle, Cheshire. Leaving his work tc watch a Punch and Judy show, he was again turned adrift. After great suffering he secured smploTTiisnt with a farmer at three shillings per week, out of whioh he had to ciothe and feed himself. He then became ipprenticed to a shipwright at Northwich, anil by intelligence and sobriety rose to be a skilled workman, then manager; and two years a so when the firm relinquished business he secured it, and has now in his employment a large number cf men, with sii increasing business. A Isew CoFKTEy.—Viscount de TJrettcs read a very interesting paper to the French Geographical Society retjjectinjf hie explora tions i' j Oiiiico-G- rand, Auitrai, South America After being deserted by hi* travelling com pauions, the Viscount advanced into the in terior of the country, accompanied only by two Indians. He. was enabled to discover three large rivers and an immense suit lake. The country trarewd by the explorer* was absolutely fiat, dotted with palms amidst prairies, afii sparsely inhabited by Indian tribes, still living in a state of extreme bar barism. Oue Hereditaey Lbsislitobs.—111 the House of Commons, on March 5, Mr Labouchere mo»ed his resolution declaring if to be incjnsistent with the principles of repre sentative government that any member of the Legislature should derive his title to legislate by right of hereditary descent. In a speech which exoited much langhter, he pointed out that bis motion did not commit anybody to a single Chamber : but he insisted that an hereditary dumber was an aekronuns in these days of democracy, and any Radical who did not take the same view lie held to be a humbug. The bsst cure for those who ad mired the House of Lords sat to go and s»e the House when it was sitting. On great oc casions peers flocked up from all parti of the couutry F they pat there like a flock of Bhsep, and they voted like sheep ; but on an ordinary occasion they would gee one peer addressing half a dozen others until it came near to the dinner hour, when they vanished like ghosts. Who were the gentlemen ordinarily made new peers ? Some of them were politicans who had beeu bores and nuisances in this Houce, and who had been kicked upstairs; they wore generally very rich men. who had inherited or acquired large estates. Then the House of Lords nra drawn most exclusively from one class—and that the landownera. Tlley had heard nmch about the Irish Land League, but could they imagine a more pernicious land league thau this. It was a disgrace and opprobrium to our civilisation. He foond that the peeri had £30,000 a year and 35,000 ucr"s of landapiace. 4- store self seeking body of wen could not be imagined, for they were always ready to take some place about the Court or government, if only a sal ary were attached to it. One gentleman was willing to look after the Queen's dogs, another after her horses, and a third after the Queen's footmen. They often heard that to pay members of the House of Commoni would de grade the House and sap its independence. What did they think of the fact that these hereditary peers drew on an average £700 a year each from the public funds ? They were not satisfied with that. They had relatives. The relatives of peefsiiad received from 1855 untii the present date 120 millions sterling. If that wasa mistake, ho would take off the20 mi'lious. and surely 100 millions was a very contidar able sum for four hundred or five hundred families to receive. There was a list of those rela tives, The dukes had 514, the Marquises 566, the earl* 3,029, the viscounts S63, ana the barons 2,183 relatives receiving money during the iuterval be hud mentioned. By a simple suns in divieioo he found each duke had had, since 1855, 56 relatires living on the public Exchequer. Tbejr were told it would be im possible to abolish the House of Lords, but it would be perfectly constitutions,,!. Lord Salisbury had referred to physical foroe being neoeesary to do it. Bat nothing would be more easy than to elect three hundred peers to •wasp them, and he believed there was euch patriotism ou these benches (pointing, amid loud laughter, to the Radical. benches) that he could find g_Q0 geptleoien on this aide of the House who would ascend the altar of their country atid sacrifice themselves, The motion was negatived on a division by 202 to 166. A Modbl CoiruuNirr.—T!ie Atutralasian says : The Email community of Norloik Island—it number* about 500—i* under an •xcsedingiy simple form of government. It ii without a Parliament of Oorpcratioa. The laws are mads and administered bj a oounsc' of magistrates, who are elected on Boxing Day, and meet for business on the first day of the new year- Totes for public works are not required. On certain days in tiie month, tbrte and a balf in ait,'th« male population has to Sum .qui cod tabor for thp common •auce. Last January, dam making was the principal work required to be don*. There had been eereral months of continued dry weather; rain was expected, and darns bad to be laid across the creeks and streams for conserving water. The rain came on the 18th of the month, and in such quantities as to oansa rejoicing to almost famished peonle. j£ section of the iiiiiabitantpT-r-the Weelejane —asked the council to exempt them from public work, because they were busy srectinj a ohurch, but they afterwards withdrew their request. On New Year's Day, when the laws were read over, the notices of stnendisect were few, but" as usual {reports the Norfolk Island JPionttr) the liquor law. an old bone pi1 cohtcnliiii, - was attached three or four deep. The .matter was djscu«Be<} at consider ablp lengthy and eventually a proposition of Mr JTrspcis Jfobb?,' That the Jq'w be aduiiu isterpd as it is, the chief magistrate keeping the liquor, and the doctor issuing orders at his discretion/ was carried by a large irisjority.' What could be more eimple P" We may be sure that the magistrate keeps good hours, as w» read eljewh«re that be is a quarried ipan. It was next resolved that there should be seven policemen,-but that their position should J>p honorary. To recompense them for acting fg gpardiaps of the peace they are wgsed from pnbiic iabof. If constabulary duties carry With them the usual privileges we ima gine that in Norfolk Island a policeman's lot ought to be a happy one. There are t°xes and fines, but apparently the people have the option ol not paying, for the Pioneer " opines" that there will be email occasion for the eer :waj|i op the days that-ibe 'jfawE; fnoffi»traf8 anil iiie connoli attend . on. *kc prnr ib receive public Moneys. Some de U-uUera *i»i nrrRara with their fines got malioa that they bad to work'off the ecore by burning lime at the big kilo. There is ft penny. savings bank. to encourage the young in habiU of thrift, but the deposits have to be tent to Hevf Ztfuland for investmoor, an the trustees bajenobody to lend money to at* profit on the island. Interest ie allowed fln *11 deposits oflOa^ond upwards, and repay ment* are made " on demand if the bank is in funds, otherwise by check on Auclcta«fl?*,; Presumably the cheques of. the trustees :«t?: part of the nationWiiflrrenoy. It is "an easily taanaged bank, and "there ere, no clerical •xpenses." On the 9ck January the deposit# amounted to £181 5e 2d. Besides the aavings.; bank trustees, the only other advertiser in the Pioneir i» the photographer, whose " term* an easy—cash be produce*' In other" res pects the ways of the community are the same as our own, and-the fashionable intelligence includes the account of a wedding, followed.; by a breakfast, which was very " sumptuous, and really a grand affair." Thh AuaTBAi/iisr Mutuaii Pbovtdent So ciety.—The Sydney Daily Telegraph, of April 23 baa the following :—The proposal of the Board of Directors of the Australian Mutual Proi-ident Society to open a branch office iu London was discussed for more vthan three hours at the-adjourned annual meeting of members held at the Protestam^Hall yesterr' day afternoon. The debate wns commenced by Mr MarwicV, who concluded hiB speech by moving an amendment to the effect that the meeting, in accepting the annual report, ex pressed their disapproval of the action of the Board in arranging far the establishment of a branch in London having without previously submitted the proposal for the sanction of the members of the Society. The Hon. Alexander Campbell explained at considerable length his reanen8 for dissenting from the action of his co- Directors, and several members also spoke in opposition to the Board's deoision, which was, however, supported by the Hon. Edmund Barton and other gentlemen. Mr Marwicb's amendment was. however, lost on ham<* mi* to the vote s but tbe following amendment, proposed by Mr J. Mullens, was subsequently eirriod on a division by a large majority :— ' That the annual report presented and re ceived be passed, but that this meeting re quests the Directors to reconsider their inteii lion of opening a branch oSce or offices in London or elsewhere beyond the limits of the colonies of Australasia; and, further, it re quests the Directors not to take any final steps of the above .nature without the sanction of a special general meeting of the members of the Society to be convened for the purpose.' The amendment having been declared carried, a member demanded a ballot, to which an ob jection was raised on the ground that it chould have been demanded prior to the declaration of the result of the division on the amend ment. The Chairman ruled that a ballot could be demanded at any time, and said it would take place on receipt of a requisition signed by a certain number of members. He further stated that the decision as to whether a branch should or Btaouid not be established in .London would ultimate ly rest with the members in the various colo nies. Notwithstanding that so many mem bers took exception to the action of the Direc tors in regard to the proposed commencement of business in England, ail admitted that the Board deserved confidence for their manage ment of the Society's operations during the past year, and a v«te of thanks to the Chair man, the Directors, and the officers of the Society waB passed unanimously. The meeting was adjourned till May 5, when the members vrill assemble at the Exchange at a quarter to 2 for the purpose of receiving the report of the scrutineers a# to the election of Directors." Becefitinq- fob the British A»irr.— The annual report of the Inspector-General of rceruiting, published recently, states that on January 1, 1885, the,-strength of the army was 181,008, and on January, 1888, the strength stood at 192,929, showing a net increase dur ing the year of 11,921. This increase includes 2107 men who were allowed to rejoin from the Army i£»serye, thus reducing the net increase by recruiting alone to 9814. During the year 1884 the net inerease by reoruiting was 6064. Thereforajin the tiro years from the let of Jan. 18S4, there has been an increase to the urnij, by recruiting alone, of 15,878 men. During the past year the tofal number of desertions was 5147, of whom 1885 rejoined, and 287, who were proved to baye fraudently enlisted, were retained in the corps in whioh they had fraudently enlisted, making the net loss by de sertion during the year to be S975. On the question of ft&ieguards; sgainBt fraudulent en listment, the Inepectoi'rGeneral records his opinion in favor of some distinctive mark whieb should be entirely voluntary and should be looked upon as a mark of honor. In ac counting for the increase of recruits raised during the last three years, the Inspector Grotier* 1 puts first and foremost the acknow ledged depression in trade. The other contri butary causes he enumerates are freer and fuller advertisements of the service and the improvement in the prizes in th9 shape oi promotion and appointments. Thb Govbrnoe op Victoria..—Aocording to the Bulletin the Governor of Victoria, who came with a flourish of trumpets, is not very popular :—A Tery noticeable feature about the Kight Hours' Demonstration in Mel bourne last week was the unenthusiastic, even collected, manner in which that benign shade of royalty, Governor Loch, was greeted by the workmen—who " didn't oheer worth a bone button." The local dailies tried to gloss over this apathy with the excuse that the men did not know' where his smooth tongued mightiness was Iqcated, but the excuse. won't do, When the rice-regal carriage was driven through the surging crowd in Swunston Street a feeble wail went forth from the throats of several boys who wanted to yell anyhow, they didn't care at whom; but that could not be magnified into hearty vocifer ation even by a Serald reporter. The abo riginal (ho was well washed, and a bit of a dude) gesticulating from his honorable position among the old pioneers, received more acclamation than Lord and Lady Loch, the Misses Loch, the Masters Loch, the gorgeous aide-de-camp. This is hard, but true. Hi Stood Fast.—The following incident of the London riots is given by an English exchange .-—-From out the abyss of general "funk" on the afternoon of Monday week there emerges the conduct of one humble nameless man. As the mob came surging and raviug up Pall Ma'l aqd thrpcte?ied to V ruBh" the qo'irtyarcf of the War Office, the'eentry on duty at the gate was calmly equal to the occasion. He halted on his post, in the face of the yelling throng; with disciplined delibera tion be inserted into his piece one of. the two nmnds of/ball ammunition furnished to emy soldier who goes on gif^rd duty in the metropolis; amj hairing loaded, steadily came to the ''ready" and stood fast. The mob, as cowardly as truculent, gave this steadfast soldier a wide berth and passed on ; whereupon he reco»cied arms, and resumed his sentry •* go." I hope his oonduot has not gone unrecognised by hi# War office. Fq^isnnr She^libs bob ihb The United Service Gazette BaysThe supply to the Bcifinh army is in some measure respon sible for the causes of depression in trade atid agriculture. For instanoe, instead of Snglish oats being given to cavalry horses, Heaaicotftd food, composed chiefly of forfiiflri grain, Egyptian lentils, peas and lpcu.s^ beans, ia supplied. In lieu of English straw, Qcrman GiOBS-jit'fir '6 proTldpdr -British bayonets, are made of, German steel, some are found .quite unserviceable ■ and defective/ 'while others double up when the authorised test is ap plied. Again, the purohaBe of Hungarian horses aB remounts deteriorates the breed of the English half-bred.. Here we have the | last straw that breaks-the1 British farmer1^ | )>&ck.;" The Man bob G*lwat.—A Dublin cor respondent telegraphs to tin TCnghsh paper T Under, the heading of * The Man for Gai wst,' a Northern paper liaB oolleoted the following epithet* which Mr Healy bet to wed upon Captain O'Shea, his present.colleague in the Iriih party, in the co<iree of his speech delivered to the Galway eleators just before Mr Pnrnell armed to enforce the return of the. experienced treaty-negotiator. Mr Healy tliue * described the qualifications of bis leader's aiominee ' A. renegade,' ' 9 W-big grub/ * 3 rptten ^hig,' \ a se^bbjr sheep', ' a rotten ru'dder,',' a'Whig iptriguist,* ' a thief in the'night,3' 'a'CfoTernment man,' * a political caterpillar/ ' fcehame|eon 5militaira,'i ';B. '"be-. trayerMf this impokaref * a miserable Whig spaniel,' ' an odiooa Whig intrigaist,' 'a pledge-breaker and a traitor,' * a performer on the Cabinet trick,* 'adefeated and cxploiJeS^irainbag* * an Agent. ofthe backstairs. diplomacy,*ji miserable and incompetent Marpbot,5 • a waterlogged,., and binirupt politician,' ' « man with a be- ' spattered political Career,' ' n contemptible, mean, and lie^raiieit .personage.' . 4 Rbukants op Om> Wakrioes.—It would* be difficult to •■stimate tbe number of old British "' Wuttfrloo veterans" thatha»egone dff the hooks ; probably quite as many aawas re preeenteii br the remnants of Napoleon andf Wei lington's troops together nt the clone of the.' battle. So witU "the eix-hundred." Ttiea thirty who escaped hare increased rather tharo] -decreased. But the United States bes'sEng lahd in shis business.—According to the lakt^ report of thB Commissioners of Pensions, there; urn still on the rolls, and supposed to be still * alive and kicking,'' 2945 survivors of the war of 1812,' and no less than ' 17,212 widows ^f. those wlio served id that war." Seeing that*; the war closed upwards of 70 years -ago, and |hat a* least o'lier 26 years fall to be added to' that in calculating the age of these widows, it is not surprising that " extended inquiries are' being prosecuted with a view to purging the pension rolls of the various agencies of the. names of tho*e fraudulently and illegally borne thereon, and groat success is attending, the work.' ,. Sabbath Desf.cra.tion in Melboubnb. The Sydney Bulletin Hie the following capitil skit on the above :—Herewith we jjire an ex>. tract from the report of Senior Constable McColl to the Filzroy (Yic.) City Council " Elizabeth Morgan sold one pennyworth of lolly pipe* to a child whose name I did not . ascertain, &c; the child went , out of the shop (smart infant!) while X wu questioning the . girl who sold the lollies." That reads inuo cently enough, doesn't it ? If a ohild choose ' to dissipate his, or her, substance in lolly pipes, who shall demur ? Atas, you hare not yet had the milt from the cocoauut of Conj stable McColl's report.: " The lollies werie sold at 7.15 p.m. on Sunday, the 4th inst..' Tea, sly drinking is not the only Sunday vice rampant in the Southern hemisphere. Secret lolly sucking must bejooked to. The banjo, if you please— On a Sabbath evening. Peaceful, holy, mild, Lizzie sold a lolly To a little child: , The infant spied the" oopper," And tore herself away ; Me hadn't time to stop her— Alack, and well a .day! We ure sending millions O'er the briny 'beas ; We never make provisions For heathei, each as these ; While the church is busy With naked niggers wild, The Deril's collnred Lizzie And that little child. Stbange Stoey of a Centenaeian.—Wo learn on the authority of a Parisian contem porary that the President of the French He public had, until quite recently, an uncle lin ing who could boast of haying attained hi8 hundred and seventh year, and who might have lived to a jet greater °ge bad be not been killed by a bear. The venerable old gentleman in question resided in America and must have been a verv eccentric oharauter, since it iB narrated that for the last half cen-1 tury he had lived id a forest, choosing, like an orthodox hermit, a grotto for his retreat, aud allowing his beard and hair to grow in quite a patriarcbial manner. He was known as Peter ; Grevy, and according to the French paper, j stood in the relationship of great uncle to the; President of the French Republic. He was, ! it is stated, found dead in his grotto last; month, circumstances tending to prove that he!; had been killed by a bear discovered near bis: retreat. Oh searching the grotto papers Were! found, amongst them the bapUeimnl certificate; of the decen8»d, setting forth that Peter'G-revy' was born on the SOth of Jan., 1770, and hu > marriage certificate dated 1802. The hermit, it : seems, if this strange story is true, kept a: diary, and in it was aa entry, dated SOth Jun. 1886, recording .the .fact that.''little Jules"' was still president of the French Republic, for which happy event the hermit devoutly added! " the Lord be praised." If "little Jules" iB really in any way related to this long-lived I Peter G-revy, it may be hoped that he will take a leaf out of his book, and live as long.—-Stan dard. The Wbitotg on the Wall.—A closer examination of the division on the House of . Lords in the Commons on Friday will not; tend, writes, our London correspondent, to soolb the alarms of the Peers. It appears; that 111 English and Scotch: members voted j with Mr Labouohere, and that 33 paired for i his motion. Some members were> preventedj. from voting owing to the unexpected earl? hour at which the divisiou took place, and.it may, therefore, be safely .assumed that at least 150 English and Scotch representatives ■ are igainat the continuance. of the House of! Lords., Fifty-seven Irish, members voted with i Mr Labouchere, and the whbleof Mr Pumell's followers agree with the motion? Tt would therefore appear that, in the existing House | of Commons, between 230 and 240 members are in favor of the abolition of the House of | Lords; and bo doubt if the subject were brought forward by a responsible tiatesman the number would be much larger.—Leeds Mercury. f The London- Missionabt ■ SoorETr.— Reynold1 * newspaper has a most irreverend way of speaking of the above Society, but it must be owned there is beth truth and common sense in some of the remarks. That journal says :—" There is a disgraceful association in London called the. „ Londop Missionary Sooiety. Its object is tb.&iaiii-oft; money which might go to the support .jaiid education of the poor and miserable"! in England, instead of providing ,breeches hnd beer for the noble e&vage.; This fussy-tiody pounds earned by British workmen in sending missionaries-into out-of-the-way places, where the pooplo are infinitely better off, infinitely more healthy, infinitely more con tented, than thousands upon thousands of our own wretched population. ^The Chancel lor of the E^ohequer ought really to look to thisi matter, and impose a heavy tax on these «iad missionary contributions. Youfind men like the Arohbishop of Canterbury stalking about the country in order to preach charity sermons for, missionaries* enterprise*! Here are bis own country men, .more «Usp^y UV like mire of. vice, degradation, and nutew -than spends yearly hundreds most garages. Where ' i& : '^r^acfe on behalf of oar fello^-.citijenft by "the Parliamen tary biqhqps.i If old tea-drinking spinsters or fearfi^l widows are able to afford bo much money for the reform of the inhabitants of Sze chaen and Matebele, the; OMiht to be forced to contribute a larger share to) the burdens -of. thp in which the; are permitted <[o liva^ ■ '' ; | ^ g 'V T^e CaKHft qy Sa-TAX.—It speaks rather un favourably for XEuropea'ti morality that "all the tribes of the West African coast agree in re presenting Satan under the form of a white man. This fact was turned to formidable ac count in the epigram ' written on Sir George Grey when he was QqY9*iw-€teneral of Gape Colony * AhAa' the Dpril'e colon there's a fight, Thtt VhiLe man say he's black, the black men „ white; Bat this dispnce isfit an end to day. For now we're all agreed the peril's Grey The Queen anh Mr Gzab-Stoite.—There is a strange, though not necessarily an incredible Story, going round Court circles. It is said that op£ of the PuoIwiks, the wife of a Iflbe f^l Peer, who vas requested to become Mis tress of fiobes, g«ve as ber reason for refusing her determination to hare no part with i&r; Gladstone and his Government/ The .Queen, so the story, goes^ smiled' her assent, and ad vised her Grace " to write to the newspaper*. The bint was taken, and hence the publio knowledge of the revolt of the X^uohess. TnCBEASE 0? De^nein^ IK Wiixa. The anjiivJ retyrm of arrests for drunken n$s.g o.n Sunday in 'Wales, just made, show that the Sunday Closing Act for Wales has tended to increase drunkenpesa in all the large centres^of population.- In tWpnnoi pality the total nbmber of ajmsUvfor the quarter was 451, on which 394 were in Glan morganshire alone. In Cardiff and Swansea drunkenness on Sundays has more I ban doubled ^ince the adoption of the A®4. This is attributable to the mi<ltip!ic&tion; of clubs. Ax Ctok.—Kew York Sun gives, story of « cur6 c!fecteiL~on two Ti9le^tiy insabe patients in th||Htt«|6on ' County j/«ii^tio Asylum, by the Superintend ent, Dr Geo. W. £ing. formerly 'of Spring fie'd, Massachusetts. Sis successful experi ment was to place the two men together in a eeili eaplr nib|Mibttn Jo the ; ing to night gazing poippa&s; innately a*. each other j in a weelftfaey ^rere per fectly sane,and in t«o atiQ«tlw werejdischnrged 