Somo Diata ItcBardiDg Consnmp- );' :; - tlOn. '. (Bton'Otiamtieri' Journal.") . . . Is-, as Dr. Eorii says, the serionsnoss of a malady bo measured by tho number of its viotims, then thb riaost. dro'adod peats whioh havo hithorto ravaged tho world— pisgao rind cholera— mast fall behind that of. consump tion.: That scientist makes tbo statement that onc-boventh' of the deaths of tho hatrion raao'.are das to tubsrbuirir -diEeaso; whilo fully ono-third of thoso.wbo dlo in aotiva middle lifo -dio of coneoiriptibri. Tho srimo authority, by his recent experiments, has placed it- beyond doubt .that tho diseaso.ia communicable. The .tuberotes, bb found 'in the diseased ergons ot men or animals, ho discovered to bo infested with' a minnto, xod- ehaped poroaito, which oon be transferred and reproduced in other bodies by oontsgloii. There oro other authorities, however, who hold that tho question of iho infectiousness of tho disooae . is- still nnsottlod, and . that Koch's thaory is insnffloient to acooarit for it in all its varied forms. ' - ' la I85G, Dr. B. W. Richardson, whilo a physician to the Royal Infirmary for Diseases of tbo Ghost, published on eraay "On the Hygicnio Treatraont of Pulmonary Consump tion," whioh did not gain much favour with praotitionsrs and tbo pnhlio. Ho- finds; bow- over, that it agrees ao riosely.wttli trio most praotical and onlightancd treatment of. con sumptives at the present timo, that ho has reprinted tho paper, with somo revision, in bis. journal called The Atcltpiad (Longman and Co.). In this artiolo, ho embodies certain - xnlas which commend themselves as eatis- faetory to himerif attor o thirty yean' experi ence. '. . His' first ralo is a snpply ot pare air for : respiration. A I'nioo oosy room" is tha. very worst poaslblo thing for a aonsnmptivo patient, : .if there bo no draught to oarry off invisible, impurities. Bo long as tho patient.is able to bo ont of doors, ho is in bis best arid safest- homo. Even tha inolomcncicB ot the weather j aro not so much to bo dreaded as confinement in a house. . Wfian indoors, tbo temp'eratriro : oi tha room ehoaid bo sixty degrees , Fahren heit ; if thero is a firo, it shonid bo in on open grato, arid tbo freest poesibic erirrenV of ; air'shoald be kept rirotdaUag by the ohimhey vent.: Tho way , to obtain; animal heat is: riot) "to'shnt out-' tha air and' roast tho body, but by stimulating and .oonBOrviig : the natural; hedt: mnao' withiri' th6\body. ; "Stoves and heatod pipes "which mriko air too dry, aro, iri- jurions.. : -Whon possible, tho bedroom ehonld. rilwriyri' be separate froiri tho livlrig-raom ; it Bbonld also -: be large, - nnonanmborcd ' 'by ' ri&d-; less furniture, . arid .thoroughly ventilated; Warmth, of body. Js. boat secured ' by \- wollen bed-blothos; gas should not fco bnrned daring, tho night in tho' bedroom, ; rind as few other Iighta as poaeiblo. Tho oonaqmp.; tive pdtient Bheald also be the solo ' occupant ol his bed and bedroom. Respirators .dan , bo made tor tbo cost ofo fowpenoo outolripieoq of fino wiro-gauzo, ont oval so as to cover tho month and noeo, . and may bo fixed in thq contro bi a small Shetland shawl)' whiob Berves to retain tho heat tbiowri orit in the expired air, arid gives ap this'beat to the oold air thot bnters in inspiration, : . ' J; " : Dr. Riohrirdson's second rule embodies; the: prinbiplo that l aotivri exeroisa is an cssontial element in. tho treatment oi consumptives.' .Walking is'tho moet riaturalCxoroiso, os lead ing to brisker olrouibtlon andmoro -jBetive' nutrition ttrioyoling, as givirig' a.more per-., feat ohorigo ol air rind sebne,'be has found 'of great benefit" to bomo. It wo might ba allowed \- to add, aimless solitary walking,' when the . thoughts ol tho coneumptivo aro tnrncd in . upon. himself, cannot be sb good as walking in ohoorfai compariionshln. .'-The -extent to: whloh oxeroisb oan ho - barrlcd . varies with the' . stage of thb.discasb ; - in somo.priBea it would 1 ho positively, irijmrious. In: taking musoular. exeroiBe, .the- oorisumptive: should rievbr;erir : enmbcr himself, norobcok tbo frcp movements of his bbdy.ihyritrapp'mgs,. wrightb, loads; of , riotbes, and tho liko. ; -'-'Y:':"';1; ; The titled rule 'enjoins a nnlform oHmrito. as an important olemcrit in tho treatment of; consumptives. Tho innin point to ba'attoinod' in oonBideririg olimatbis to ssleot sriohrn part1 oi. the earth's snrlabs: as gives - tho nearebf approaoh to nn eqnnlity of tomparntnro. . In England, sri ; a - ."matter, of ooureb, . spring, and tha bsginriirig of winter are' trying, times for. thopationt, when deaths from oonsrimp- tiori uro moat prbvrilerit. Indoors) thb tempora- : tare may be so fax equalised; in tho opan riir,: something oari bb'donb by attention to cloth ing and tha aso of tha rospirator.'Dr. Riohard-. son is of opinion . that tho mbdol reebrt .far oonsumptives ahouid bo near the sescoast, arid laholtorett frjm easterly winds; the soil dry; - -water pttto;'tha'me'an tompsratqfoahont sixty degress. r ? \- Rule four states that the dress of tho con sumptive patient should bo adapted to equalise . tho temperature of .the, body, and worn bo loosely tbat it will not interfere in- any way with tho nniirial funotioris. Flannel olothing is always required by tho oonsumptivopntiorit, nnd it chould oovor tho whole body. It need not bo heavy; that of a light and' porous texture .may bo suffloiont. Ho should also sloop in flannol ; but not in tbo dreea worn during the day. A waterproof India-rnbbor coat must novor bb worn by the patiorit, 03 it' loads -tho - undor-ribthps vritb . moistrirc and bansob ohill. . A ooreot, a otrap. or boH ronnd tbo waist is equally injoribus.> . - . ' \- .: Itules flvo to nino, amongst other matters, trout bi tho hours of rest of tha aorieaniptivo, whioh should bo roBuIa.tod mainly by , the : absenea of tho sun. . Protasa nooturonl per; cpirations may ba avoided by this treatment, and tha ekin will asoumo' a healthier notion,, owing to nbundrint oxpopurb to sun ond air. Indoor or eodentnry, occupations should ho suepondod ii poeaiblo ; but a oortain amount of outdoor ooo'npation may bo ' ndvontagabus. .'Of fivo hundred and filtupn oases ql consump tion at tbo Royal Infirmary, rixty-oight por eonf. were pereona following indoor occupa tions;: A oaeo is mentioned in whioh apritiont. in tho first stogo of oonsaritptidn, against tho roaommondation of bis median! odviseril.,(pr„ Riohardaori atriong tho rcet);ineieted.on'oorii.'. log into -town every, morning fromn.obhsider, . ablo distance ia tho ooantry, to look niter his. . h'uEinos'o; arid rdtnrn ognio In tho. afternoon, ."When espbatBinted with : ho. roplipd : My; 'brothers arid sistera hayo all died of cononmp- tibrii' thoy wore ooddlcd up, nursed). carried about, oonfinod to bed, and bound in the cords of hri pibsoabpa by tha Irindbu t bufldb, . to ; tho isatialaotiori ol tho doeior and . oil. obnoomod., Hut thav, ebon died. I inherit thb prprii-ity. tcrthb sains,' diBOaeo. and l tOn shall dlo ; I' know it. But" my. oonrso is different', for. -I :havb modo 'rip'my mind "to". dio in harness.!', - This patient throw off the disease, rind is etin - alive. ' ' . ' . v . ExqpbsIvo .mental exertion: shonid ha oara- \- fnily avoided, rib woli as all orewddd asssmblies. , RiadingAlond and ringing havo been found -highly, benefieial toriomo. ); Gavier, -tho. great , -natarnHst.bttribntodhisrebovcrytothrbatoned.' '-phthlsia to. tho delivery o! abrriolebtrirbs.-Thb: amnaomonta'of thaoonenmptive ehoaid. com- bino. wlth tho pieasnrs they afford, ri moderate .and equal .degrca of masealar. exerriee.. - A- 'tepid, oleanslng bath every nibrriing will bo, fonod helpfal, as) ia cither good health or oorisnmptibri, mbderato abtibn ot tho skin Isri rellot to the longs. I;/."" , - ' : Dr. Riohardson's tenth and last rule relates- to diot." V Tho diet, ot oonsumptivc patients should be anipls; and shonldooritairi- o larger , preportiori.ol.tho.rospiratory oonBlitudnto oi food than is'requirad In health." '.Tho qoon- tity of food taken byitbb oonBnmptivo person: ' shonid be small, at .caoh meal. 01 animal . foods) mutton . is tho host. Fatty: and ' oily foods,' whioh' obnatitutb'.tho iraspiratbry doss, ; shonid ' predominate, and trash fcnttor and broad may ba taken almost ad lidfum, so long as it agrees - with tho ctomaob.- " Milk v, and cream' are vory snitsblb, of bonrse, but7 Dr, Riohardson bus. seen; no speqifio: virtub in ' goats' or asses' milk; ' < Ten oan bs taken., in moderation ; fresh Vegetablo diets ore risefril ; and traits) espcoially roasted apples, are a!.' wave admissible. Alcohol ho has only pre. soribed as a modioinb, and-snuff-taking'; and tobacco-smoking should baavbided,- .- ' . " 