THE GEELOXG SHAKESPEARIAN SOCIETY. An entertainment* entitled "A Night with Shakespeare,33 under the auspices of the above-named society, acd in continuation of the winter weekly series of lectures, enter talnments, etc., in connection with the Mechanics3 Institute, was given in the hall of that building last evening, and was attended by a large audience; taking into consideration the inclemency of the weather. The programme provided was a good one* and its rendition met with the unqualified approval of the majority of those pre sent, if frequent applause may be accepted as a criterion of satisfac tion. A glee party, consisting of Misses M. and J. Carmichael, Misses A. and G. Hodgkins, Misses M'Nab and Hole, and Messrs YV. IJ, Smith, IL Hay ward, T. Bennett, and R. S. Orr, favored the assem blage with " Hark 1 the lark,*3 "Sigh no more, ladies," and " Blow, blow,3* each number being carefully and harmoniously rendered. Miss Ada Wslkins delighted all present with the soles, "Shonld he upbraid," and "Lo, hear the gentle lark" {the ilnte obligato to the latter being artistically played by Mr S4 Brearley). Miss A. Earles also rendered the solo, "Bid me discourse,'* very correctly, and altogether the musical portion of the programme was exceptionally creditable, Mr \V. D. Goodall's accom paniments being worthy of the success of the vocalists. The elocutionary part of the entertainment cannot be spoken of in similar commendatory terms. It was cer tainly somewhat relieved by Mr S. M'Barney's readings of American versions of " The Story of Shy lock** and " The Facts about Othello ?' and Mr E. Greer, a young member of the society, displayed fair oratorical power in bi3 delivery of "Othello's address to the Senate,'5 albeit, like all the succeeding members, he was stiff and, at times, inappropriate in gesture. Mr J. E. Biskins is a good elocutionist, but the scene between "Shylock and Tubal,'3 selected by hitu, greatly overtaxed his powers, and its rendering was therefore decidedly tame. "The Ghost Scene" (from " Haudet") was evidently the piece tic resistance of the programme, and if it were intended for melodrama it mnst be prouonuced a genuine success. Mr J. C. Brownhiil (Hamlet), though possessing elocutionary ability, spoiled his representation by stiffness and awkward gesticulation; Mr J. J. Trait (Horatio), whilst conventionally accurate in pose and gesture, made a dreary sermon of the yonng gallant's portion of the conversation ; and Mr B. Hoare ("The Ghost") un burdened himself of his grievances in a broken, high-pitched voice, and ap peared clad in the grey gaberdine and cowl of Friar Lawrence instead of the " complete steel" of Hamlet's dead ancestor. The scenic accessories, consisting of a kitchen interior and another equally inappropriate mounting might have been dispensed with advan tageously. An address on " Shakespearian Study" by Mr G. F. Hntton, and" Woleeys Farewell*' by Messrs Hoare and Creer, brought the performance to a couclnslon. 