BOY BURGLARS, IN the provinces the boy-burglars have (says an English Journal) been even more active and audctious. At Halifax, for example, two youths went on a housebreaking exptdition armed with revolvers, and displayed great courage and ingenuity in try ing to escape capture. It seems that a commercial traveller reidont in that town went out wit his wife, leaving his house empty. On his return, he found that th,' look of the front door had been ii, jured, and on entering ho heard strange footsteps in an upper room. The boy- burglars,becoming alarm, d, got out of an attic window on to the orof, and as the roof was coated with ice there seemed ;t good prospect of their coming down to the ground with a run. With a forethought worthy of a better cause, however, the urchins had actually brought with them resin, which they sprink led on the ice-crusted tiles, and so were able to retain their foothold. One boy was captured off- hand; but the other escaped by sliding down a spout, and was not apprehen ded until the following morning. ]Both the robbers carried revolvers, and one had, in addition, a dagger with a fifteen-inch blade, and a dark lantern. To complete their equipment, they had a bunch of skeleton-keys, so that for doing the thing in style and with every effort at completeness, these boys left nothing to be desired. What the community would now desire is that they should be soundly birched. They had actually, during their brief visit to the commercial travel ler's premises, managed to secure money and jewellery amounting to nearly £40, and they comfessed that they hadjintended trying their pren tice-hands on another house, but that their apprehension spoiled the little plot. Altogether, these:Hali fax youths seem to be very accom I plished burglars indeed-an orna ment to the professsion--and they had better be a good deal looked after in the future. It is often the case that the carelessness of parents is responsible for boys having the opportunity to get into bad company, and learn the ways of the wicked world. We do not want in Eng land any organisation similar to that which is stated to have been un earthed in Dublin, where a number of boys, " between the age of 13 and 16," have formed a sort of housebreakers' league, and call them selves the " Black Gang." This is a development of Irish Home Rule which can be punished pretty effec tually even under the " ordinary law." FRAUDS ON THE WESLEYAN CON PERENCE.-- At the Manchester As sizes the other week, John Harton, late assistant secretary to the Wes leyan Methodist TrustFund, at Man chester, pleaded guilty to embezz ling £5000, the property of the fund. Mr. Justice Grantham, in sentencing him to five years' penal servitude, said it was almost incred ible that a society like the Wes leyan Conference should have kept its accounts in such a way as to al low of these frauds being carried out so long without discovery. The fact was somewhat startling to the niembers of the society, many of whom were poor, and who could ill afford to loose their contributions to charitable subjects. There was no excuse for prisoner's conduct, and whether the Rev. Mr. Tindall, the secretary, was the proper secretary or not, it was almost incomprehen sible that he did not discover these frauds. It was one of the most extraordinary revelations of mis management of charity fund which had, in his experience, ever been made public, and he felt bound, in the interests of charity, and of those who devoted so much time and so much labour, and who gave so much of their money to charitable sub jects, to caution them, and see that their servants were not allowed the opportunity of committing such frauds as these. A gentleman possessed with a spiriu of adaptation and doing a season in Nice, sends flowers to all of his lady friends. He ad dressed white hyacinths to young ladies, pink roses to women of 20, pinks to women of 30, violets to those who confess t wo score, and a mixture of all to women above that cage. The patriarch of the Jardin des Plantes, in Paris, is a fat old pig tail baboon, who has survived the fall of his patron, the Emperor Nep oleon, who used to pay him a week ly visit. He is as bald as a Mormon elder, and so jealous of his rivals (a pair of pet spider monkeys, in a neighbouring cage) that he rarely misses a chance to reach out and pull their protruding tails. At Birmiughain, Conn., the body of a young woman was disinterred, and all the pins in her hair and shroud removed, to quiet her ghost, that had been disturbing the neigh bourhood. A celebrated physician has dis covered that the oollege- athletes have lung diseases. This is very awkward. If he studies he gets sick, and if he oxoeroises he goes the same road. Nothing loft but to go a-fishing. " What is the interior of Afrloa prinolpally used for ?" asked a teacher of a pupil. " For purposes of exploration," was the reply. 