LOCAL AND GENERAL Flour iB now 27e. per bag. Tuesday was observed as a bank holi day here. A 8ale of Wyndham lots took place the other day, when over CO were disposed of, realising nearly £4000. Tenders for repairs to the local Hos pital and Police Building, as also to the Nortbam Police Station are invited np to the 30th instant. Wb notice that Mies E. Gilchrist haB been appointed Postmistress and Tele graphist at Newcastle, and Miss Watson assistant. The great jockey, Fred. Archer, has lately committed suicide. His was a sim ilar case to that of Alexander the Great. He had won so many raceB, and " gave up the ghost" became there were no more to win. We understand that the railway auth orities have decided to burn up all the dry grass which at present exists on dif ferent parts of the line. The time select ed for burning has been between the 17th and 24th instant. Bain is most urgently needed ; the crops are almost withered, and an utter failure will undoubtedly bo the result un less a downpour takes place very shortly. Hardly a blade of vegetation is to be seen, and indeed the general outlook is gloomy. We understand that the Concert held in Fremantle on Wednesday night last undei the directorship;^ Mrs. Westwood, was a thorough success, Many residents of this town have had the pleasure of hear ing Mrs, Westwood sing, nnd can bear ample testimony to her merits as a pro fessional vocalist. A few days ago a young man named Hicks in the employ of Mr. Kenwortby of this town, engaged at charcoal burning near the Sand Springs, was missing from his work. The police were at once in formed. and while in search of the miss ing man, found him wending bis way to work, after having spent a few days at a friend's residence. Fitoii our Fremantle Catholic contem porary we gather that the sum of £307 16s. has been collected In this Colony to wards the Irish Parliamentary Fund. We have been requested to remind the general public that the election of a Chair Wan and two Councillors for the York Municipality will take place on Monday next. The following nnmes have been added during the week to the list of unclaimed letters lying at the Fork Post Office :— Thomas Lott, John Hines, James Greg ory, W. MeRd, Michael O'Connor, John Roach, J. Wilkinson, W. Bates, & Mrs. J. Brooks. We notice that Mr. W. Dinsdale is proceeding with the work of erecting ex tensive business premises on our main thoroughfare. The builders are Messrs. Thorn, Bower, and Stewart, who would appear to be thoroughly up to their work, as the building bids fair, when completed, to be second to none in the town. We would direct the attention of the public to an advertisement having inser tion elsewhere inviting tenders for the erection of the proposed New Church of England. Tenders will be receivable at the Rectory, York, until 10 a.m. of Wed nesday, the 8th of December next. In tending tenderers may view the specifics- ! tions at the Rectory jOn and after the 17th instant. We hear of the death of Mr. T. Bird, which occurred at Carnarvon on Tuesday last. The news of his death was received here by telegraph, and no particulars were given, but it is believed to have been ac cidently. The deceased was for a great many years a resident of this district, dur ing the latter part of which he was the tenant of the Hawkhurst Estate. Our young people have been enjoying themselves at dancing during the past week. On Tuesday evening, Prince of Wales' birthday, a ball was held in the Rechabite, Hall, at which dancing was kept up until the small hours, and again on Wednesday night a.local " Assembly " held a " hop," at which a fair number at tended. Another old resident of this district has just paesed away. We refer to Ibe death of Dr. Bompas, which took place at Bunbury a few days back. The de ceased was well respected by everyone who had the pleasure of his acquaintance, and was known as a genial kind-hearted gen tleman. The local Government garden was named after the deceased doctor, and is to this day called Bompas's Park. A toung man named Godfrey, charged withlarrikinism, was sentenced at Perth on Wednesday last to 6 months' imprison ment. Upon the conBtable removing the prisoner from the dock he became very violent and struck the constable in the face. He was immediately handcuffed and brought again before the Court, and Mr. Leake, on this charge, fined him £10 and 6 months' imprisonment. A few days ago a fire broke out at the residence of Mr, John Taylor, Yangedine, owing to a man engaged in clearing land leaving some fire about. Before the flameB had proceeded far, a number of the neigh boring farmers arrived on the spot, and succeeded in extinguishing a fire, which would have, had it obtained r. stronger bold, destroyed considerable valuable pro perty. From a contemporary :—" It is report ed that the Russians are fomenting dis orders at Rustchuk and elsewhere. Gen eral Kaulbars has made a formal demand for the release of the ringleaders in the late rising at Bourghaz. The Bulgarian Regency have refused to comply. It is understood that General Ignatieff and General Gourko are the only candidates for the Bulgarian throne acceptable to Russia." A special meeting of the Stewards of the York Jockey Club was held at the " Castle Hotel," on the 28th October, when the programme of races for Easter Monday^ and Tuesday was arranged, a correct list of which wo shall publish in a future issue. It was agreed that Mr. F. Craig should act as Hon. Sec. to the Club for the ensuing year. The secretary was instructed to write to the Commis sioner of Grown Lands to have the Course vested in trustees. It was decided that the usual Race Ball should bo held on Easter Monday, 