Tiut hono.ri.-.--According to recout ill telligonee the discovery has bcen made that tho English tIroops cannotf be withdrawn from Egypt as yet. On the contrary, regimuent have to be sent back. Suoh is the commentary on the abinidonImont of the Soudan. The great man who was doeerted at Khartloum wroto as strongly as it was possiblo upon this point, and t1hough his warnings did not lit in with the politics of the hour, yeot it was obvious from tfhe first that fGordon was speaking the languago of common sense. " Egypt shail wash its hands of the S.noda," said the (lladstono govornnoit. " 't'ho miisfortune," replied Gordon, " is that the bondau will not wash its hands of E.lEvpt." It was no senseless ambition that caused one E'gyptian govern. .mont after ianother to hold Kha1rto\u, pro vided it was powcerful enough to do so, but the imelalcholy Cex lrieneo that to govern from that contrt was tiho cheilpost and mo11st elTectual way of tftuieting the lt douins of the desert.. .lu one respect England hias been very lucky. Hatd the tlahtdi lived it is tolorably certain ihe would have bh'on in front of tihe .English outposts by this tiie, and thatt insurrection would have boen in their rear. '.This was the dantgor which seemed istutinlent when the order to evacuatr o IhartotmI1 wasl given, and whichI imadto (lordon dtesirouis of stablishing a sottled and friiendly rulo of some kind in the oundan. If the Egyptiatn was usi?eoss lie would hlvo sub isitoisd olinoe native chief, making it thle intlrecst of 'Zebohtr, or anSy ono else to muintain amicable arraugI ments on the Egyptian border. Owing to the death of the M1ahldi, the attack is not acutc ; but tat likeoly as not, it will botomsl chronic. The onltoldouod tribes will raid and raid, and whlere a wiso policy would lhvo insured ILpoac, there will il a l itpufy incessant warfare, chtining our troops to ]Egypt, and aeusing auunnoying losses in ikirmisalhe and userious losses through lheat strokes and dysentery. To have had t;en thousanud m11011 killd, woundetd, and in validod in the Sioudan is thd oenogh ; but the line of ghos:ts and oripples is, it, ap poalr, to stretch o11. It seeols quite olear thatf when we leIave Egypt, we sllall be hated by the population. The c"untry will be more heavily in debtf than over. It will lhavo lost imporftant provinceas. Its frontier will be, open to tihe old ice. And EnIgland will have nothing to show except the terrible bill of nmortality just qutoted, with its further addilions. On te whole, thoro can be no doubt, tldhat Mr. (hls1stl.te'i Egy)titian policy seems luito able to hold its own as the chamlpion fiasco of the cen tury. It may be said that the F'ren chi in the East will push itf, close. Tlue losses in men seem aboult eqoual in the two ca;ous lbut Tonquin, flter all, is a taugible ipssession. \--nMelbourno Argus. t'in?' Itat?,h Sit'r'' ov '.ilte UAtic.-A, at college examination, a professor a?lled: "Does my queatiou embarrass you ? " " Not at all, sir," roplied the student--" not at all. It is quito clear. It is the answer to it that bothers me." 1Vhlon 2ril o c.hlomndr " ts ohllorcd the tbhroua of 1 ni ud 0Cn100 to askI Whethe whioh ro~nnlloni~.st it wna givren itt flip Tyl~roic, for pir, iu by 111 cuanr t will )W- Lbufura foios (lit moat or Yo a, even nsooryforvs t, v" lit. FiclDI]iiiA iiD WVnea of Now York, who?eo friends used to delight to call himi thli " younlt N:apoleon o'f fi]iIiiee," MIii; raUet his Elba, if nlot his St. 1hleleni. lie hat; been cllt to the state prioin, undeir iL seittenei of cmnfiuemtoennt at, hard litliour for ten year., awliclh by " good coldlluct" ' h caln red:ell(( iI(t :,ix yearN a dri ll I;'x l(ontlis. I', h 'oweve.r, 1t, ii; brouah)lit to trial for .10 other ofhi)c:;li which can be readily provod against him, fhalre is no reasotln why he shouldhi not ;peiiir the rit of his lifo in prison-us he certainly oughL. lThe crime of which lihe wa foundlli guilty was " grand lirceiny," in gettitng money frout the 1lurin J3Bank uby Ihie d. lpoit of a: c"1heq11O which was worthleos. It was hui last desperate effort to postpone for ia duiy or two tliu inovitableo exposure. As a mctter of ftact, it did give him from Satlur dtly to Mllondaty, can in that time ho trlnis ferred somoething like ia million of dollars of property to tho hands of men who weor probably his accomplices. lHa lieo availed himself of the chance to oscalop into Canada it i \very likely hlie wouild not have boon brought back ; but lie plainly thought that, with the amorunt of moiloy lho had Ustowed away, he could itllord to wauit rLnd fight the hlw. It it still uncertain what he did with his stolnou moneoy, tlhough soime , 8,000,000 of it hals been traeod to the immediate pos session of ono Warner, who has been arrlestel; lint h1 denies having had any benelit from it. VWard's .praptices. soem more minrvelloits than over under the rOVo lations of his trial. Ilris plan was simply to ohtutiu money under promises of largo profits, which lie paid.for 1a t?mo aot of t:li? receipts, spending or hiding the remainder.. Tho " profitis " varied from tyontyfour pir cent. ai yoar to ioveonmly Se cofln,' accorditig tas it booame necessary in order to ggt tlie money. -He seeom to havd'? donno?iblughi with the monoy, except, fromtime to timeoi little stock spoeoulation. ,Thoewhole bliusine?us was practically one of; deliberate stealing. Tio secured the nedessary ,freedom from inquiry by reprosdnting that the' profits;" came from certain army contracts which his partnor, General Grant, "oould' influohoo, but which, of course it would not do to specify definitely. For the most part; the money thus obtained came fiom men who cai afford ;to lose, and a largo part from mop who will novor montion theoir lost, being naturally quite asliamicd of it. B3ut much came, also, from persons whoim Ward duped in the most crueiol manner, and who had no meoans of tosting, and no reason tbr. doubting, his flattoring promises. Poor. Gconoral Grant's confidenco in him seeooms to' have been unboundod. Hlo lot him hilvo money from the income of the fund raised four yoears igo, and 11e oven 'trusted him with money monut to pay offi a mortgage on: a house in Philadelphia belonging to Mirs.. Giant. Ward sutole it. Ward stolo also money from poor widows and pensionled soldiors, and' old farmors neatr' his cobunte'y residenceo. Heo seems.to have had io bowels, of morcy for any one. During his trial.hie was cool and cheerful, and apparently noever doubtod his oesape. B, ut he is now in Sifg," Sing prison litting stove-oastingst' Ils. ' isl said to complahin bitterly of his food laidllih work and Iis quartors; but ho is ,;rettid likeo any other prison er-sedverely,;' but,? not' c:rnally. - Corespolndent of :Molboihrei Argus. . 1Am-CLooun .-. Vhon the rain-oloud. lhii become overcharged with its coildensipg vapours, theo aqueous vosiles of the gatheor. ing mist, first grow largo and heavy, and thou soveral of theol otiloesco and form! it liquid drop, which, when it has roached the size of about one-eightitlh part of an inbh in diameoler, begins forthwith to descend through the air by the o.more influonce of jtu weight. if this rain-drop starts from ali comparatively high, and thorotoro chill, region of the atmosphere, it grows in size ais it reaches thei warmner and. yot moisturo regions below, by condoinsing moro' moistler upon itself, until it has attitied consideridll i.blo dimentsions. easin-drops a qtate~ r '.( an inch in diamoter lhave' boon' sodo::A. rain drop of this sixe may acquire i IVeoiitlt of thirty-four lfoout per second in filhuglllt no mlore, because lhe resistance of .th, l?ir, prevents increase of spoed bd'oundi thhtb amount. A raindrop the ttyoWity, lifthpi?aprtY'g of an inch in diamotor cannotiue, itauiiiy it greatar velocity in falling, tlhan. tlire'oent feeot inl tile beeOld ; a1d I, drop the sev0ilnty' fifth part, of nil inch in diameoter cltinbt, icquire it spied of mor, thani eight fool ppsr, sccondd. A water-drop the thonsandth palrt of an inch in diameter would have tli o inchoes per second for its greatoest velocity. W\ihoi, however It rain-drop passes throtug' at stretch of comlnpratively tdy air below, !it' ovtaporates and diminishes in size, inste ad of inlcrasing, an it deseends. As a matter of fact,, it, not frieuenltly happens tlhat actunll.fy f?lelo rain doesi no1t tec the Iertll, but is eitirely dissolved and again i dten up by the iair before it gets there. Indeed, it is uno unlleonon thing to soe rain-clouds in flhat coumitries, in tlhe spring, pouring out their grey bands tof rain near the hlorixou, with at raggod frinllg of attotenuited ends hanging down from themo below towards the ground, but not reaching it.-Scionco for All. Probably the delpest well ill the world is (Iron says) one at 1.tomuwood, Pennsylvania, owned by Mr. Georgo Westinghouse uinior. The avorago deptl, of the Homowood wells is about 1850 foot. In the well now drilling overything found of the natturn of gas jor water at a depth of 2000 feet was cased 6ll' ats unimportant, and the drill at present is said to be a littlo over 6000 feet below the surftace, which would make it the deepest well in the world. A careful record is hting kept, and portions of ench formation in counteored preserved. Since it would uneees sarily ~lavu to be a very prolifio gas-vein to justify such deep drilling, it is i dillicult matter to conjecture the object that ,promlpts such a work, unless it be purrely to lsl.iu fy curiosity. Thero aire in Washington county some wells drilled to ir depth of .1000 feit, and the only others, so far as known, up proaching ithe depth reached by Mr. Westinglhouso is an artesian well in i'ratnoo, at which It dpilth of 5t000 feet, was reached. Ths mystery of the conjuror, the cugo ind thle caLtary, Ithas bohoi cleared p]i. '.Th Slooioty for the Iroeveoltiotl of C(ruollty to Animals in London is toettiied that time colhlapsing cage doss not hill tlie canary, oild that, no rueolty is oxoroisod towards the bird. Amuorica i paperit rccorul the death, in .Jaclsoen, Mlietlgan, at the igr of eigphIty-rsix, of Mr. Rlobert lomn , who, it is alleged, was o1100 a stUhooolmaster of Thomas 0arlylo,. 7'T'm? i:l tsrnwr I+; l?.itrv.---Theo enormous wealth accumnnulatcd byc the Manchester Unity of UOdlfellows i; shown in the financial Ontit net of the order for this year ending Itecemnhr :11, 1&Il.; lclludinlg the asub ,idiantry fund,, anuountliug li .t:301,788 12/8, the total i:'anlulathd capital of the order at, the? nlor dat, wa: .3,7;:2,71)8 12/0, of which Fh,, titl,:.(oi blon'gcd to the Wiel and funeral, snl a :Ji1 ;;I,I5 to district fnneral funds. Thee ii;-re l show an increase foi" the palst year of £c,1,200, and yield' an averc ge of ,L) 15/11 . per mlember, which inilces the body the wealthiest frieudly socieity in the world. Tho uualaincomne last yue' was .;8.40,520, of whilch the surn of (1;Jl1,;1i78 t./10 was from mombers' con trhbutions, .211.,112 15/9 from. interest, and £10,t-35 from initiation! fee. 'On the otlher hand, the paymentietOnly amnolnited to £585,7141 :t4/1, .of'? hich £-167,607 wagi for sick benefits to meibel?;' tind .£117,8.17 for funeral payeihon's':on' th'dbatih of moom hers. Accordingly, 'lthere ,vils a sutrplus of £1251t,811 to be added to tlihe. acetdmulated capital. ''The abovo returns relatna to 81211 lodges, with 5811;-,50: members ; but lhcr:o are itn addition 8721 mnombcribeloLnging to home and colonial lodges from whom the necessary returns havo'uot boon received. Engliah pltper. S.ltunrte6.--Salammb6, tio maucerpioce of Flaubert, the founder of the nti.ttirilistic school of literature, followed diid debaised by Zola and others, has' ait length been :Euglisloed by 1. Feronch iSheldon, and is nowv i, the piress:. ,Tthiei fanseitiliting story of loveo aud war, rich in: hooic Cirthligin'ian lore, set in glowinug bartibric splendour, surrounded withi, tn e:atmosphero of dreamy tropipca warmili atid local aolour, and. with it weiird, ' serpenti isCen: .ld i'nysterious tcults; hais long' beeni reghai'dod ties an utn trainslatciblo ,work: It 'is id d" that this .dolicate tsk 'has been 'accoplisheid in such a subtle minupr.i as t;'presorve all the vigour, natural :rali'sa; tand idyllio style of the original.' Flaulbort's' vorks.. have inspired more pictres in 'the Freonh calon during the past few ~'yeda thiun any book except the bible. . ' The. appearatnce of Salanmmbi in English is looked forward to with great intoresiit in the literary rand art circles of the continent. ,lTheo introduction has been' written by' Edward King, the '. Amelican p'oiet,, ail the volume is dedicated to Heitry Ml.' Stauley,, tlhe famous explorerr. ;'lio work will be 'published by Saxon and Uo., Londor and: Now Yorkl It-'imes, Octoblei 1. E:eiwailtBui . 13LIs.Thoe '!rill ";is tiinlly set 'dowi??'s a'boast of purely liie:itiiit{i extriationu "The following, '; however; arue three' prize li?nllt' of pure lEnglish breod i. 1\. .An Englilsh perl, when spoeaihing, solide years. ago,:, in th. e 1ouse of l Lords on thi. necessity? fori'!assing some Coercion Bill for Irolaid," 'and, ireprgaching the govertinofitt 'of: thit 'daj!:ly for thoir delaying to do 'so, olsorved:. tha tlthi delay might' bo very conveniont for the ministers, bilt that it was' no quite so conveiioiut for tlhos Irish landlords who were meanwhile being fre quently murdered." 2. Anu English clergy imau, pliading cerriestly with his parisht ioners for the cojistruetion of a coetnetery for their parish, asked theol to consider ! tho deplorable condition of 80,0001 Chris tian iinglishmen, living without :Ohlit:stiit burial." H. Another 0Englishl clergyman, waxing sareastic in tho pulpit' over. the enormities of the age, oexlaimed, and rithelio things, my brethren, are done in.' the'so-' called ninoteouth cenutury." Ena1'nruam.-Goorgo Faulkner once priintc in his Dublin Journal-"' Erratum :In our last for His Grace the Duhldsii of Dorset read Her Grace the D)uko of Dorsef.: ..Distressing 'accounts continue to ,reach Paris of the condition of destitution and misory into whiuh the Polos hiave"i : hdii' pliniged hloui' Prussia. hlis iep oiiled 'frso Gorman territory. ' 'At' o b'ril? ?ty't stitaion throoee prsons coinitiitted sutlide from, liber pisptar' '',issi, apper ' be iig in concert w'irli i'ruissi?l: i this!,i''idnattr as: thoe fune tionaries iii"n ,th o:i= l?"ia the ifolmeri gnsillly, lieeveid tti'fliott t . iqe ' ; tlii', int poli? js to fotr0e some 1)?100 'q uls, ,,. w!to' si":ll''nover': be' iedcled to 1lusitinit ;rule, tooemigr ift to the United Status. :: 'iAccording to it Vieonna corresponident, Prussia, Saxony, I'tnsia, Italy, and E;g la:I 11 yvoemoutcpteO d the invitation of Austria ti'.ield rproesentaitives to 'the international diapason conferonco in Vienna. The ob jdidt is t;o' fix.the common ,disapason muecl lower thau.at present for theatres, imilitary bands; and ' public musical performaunce ·geieorally,'.' Piutasit will eund six delegates and Saxony two. Italy has 'appointed the cotiipbsor Laoito aud Professor Blaserna of the univorsity of R?ome, The Vienna opera is :inakingi. pi'UeparatLios to introduce. tlihe now diapason on Jinuary 1 eext. It will also le icdoptlel early by all the Austhritan miliuary b[iil. SA sbchomo toir meaing ]-niome a selpol'lt towu by moians of a ship coaiial lies been recently broiight blefore the publio by nu Italian eigiuecr, M. (hibunsi, who, during thie cois'trucliotn of tle in u iti (1leAile , was' oi gia.'cd nnder M. de Lessetps. This proposal is coneidreed by colpctent autlhorities tio ;be prferetly fisibll. lThe canal, whlich would hI 25 kilometrou (,Liu miloi) loug, would be made freet near the curch o1' St. IiiPaul to the sua. Its widtlh at bottomu is proposued to bo 2S2 u millimnetres (72 foot'), atnd with a depth of water of 8 tuillinmetres (B1 felet, so thiat it would be iivigablo ibr ships of war, and inirchamt vtessels of lairgo tonnago, which would Ii achlo to disciiergo tlhcir clilrgcios mt thle gates of the city. The costl of thlis uiiertaling is estimated at ll,2;"2,00)0 r. (,7,410,480) srterlinig. .in the reign of William III the British nationtlul debt was .15,7t0,.lil. At the beginning of the Ameri;en war it wutm £188,518,t35. In 178., at tme close of the Amitoricin wis's, it wits ,.2. it,08.lth8. J3y the cnd of the htrcclh wa'r, 1817, it iaid 'riscu to 8 t10,80,Lt0,.1. Betweoen 1817 aund 1851, ,85,51h8,7)0 was peid olf. The Crinmean war ilided .ytJ8,th2,1,110). in lt8S( it wits X.i;0gl,8-12,2.1] ; in 1H72, .7118,7-10,A(10. On thie Ilst otf Marchl l 1878 the total cip)itel of t.he dmlehbt, fitn deil ind iunfundledl, includinglj ithi valh if t'e.''minabhm sup juu tics, w'ics .77,781?,tti. TIme deti) ii tracticelly aili)iut two 1 ti i t omjeiild the .firsetw iomil ciurii tiin l voing bion isitind in 1 .1,1' ThmIn hittst return tmm tmtmets ihat thi Roman Cni.holic; huvo now in Chimi lI li'.ihopi:, collegs, n eiiquail number of convuuts, mnd ,.!?W,,l.8 adult' and recognis~ed Chlrict.iieeus. 