THE LEAVENWORTH OASE. BOOK III.— HANNAH. XXXII. \ mes. belden's stoet— continued. Of that day and its long hours of alternate remorse and anxiety I cannot trust myself to speak. Let me come at once to the time when, seated alone in my lamp-lighted room, I waited and watched for the token of their return which Mary had promised me. It came in the shape of Mai°y herself, who, wrapped in a long cloak and with her beautiful face aglow with blushes, came stealing into the house just as I wasbegin jiiBg to despair. A strain or wild music from the hotel porch, w/iege tney were naving a aanue, euu«reu. wim her, producing such a weird effect upon my fancy' f&ofc; I was nofc at all surprised when, in flinmm? °^ her cloak, she displayed garments of bridal white and a head crowned with aaowy roses. . . ' Oh, M. *?/ - cried k bursting into tears, 'you are the's — ' . ? Mrs, Hen.vy Olavenng, at y6\3L' service. 1 m a bride, Auntie ?' t , _ . , v . . 'Without abtidal, I murmured takmg her passionately into ^y embrace. She waa not insensible to my emotion. Nest ling close to me, she gave herself up for one wild moment to a genuine burst of tear?, saying between her sobs all manner of: tender ' things, telling me how nhe loved me, and howl was the only one in all the world to whom she dare come on thisi her wedding night for com fort or congratulation, and of how frightened she felt now it was all over, &$ if with her name j she bad parted with something of inestimable value. I 'And rloei not the thought that you bave^ made pom^ono rhi* proudeatof men polaco vou ?' I asked, more than dismayed at this failure of mine to ranke these' lovers happy.' ? I don't, know,' she Bobbed. ' What satisfac tion can it he for him to feel himself tied for life to a girl who snorter than lose a prospective fortune subjected him to ««ch a parting P 'Tell me ull 'about it,' said I. . But she was not in the mood et that moment. ? 'The -excitement of the day, had been too mueh ? for her. A thousand fears seemed to besot her imind. Crouching down on the, stool at my feet, she sat with her hands folded and a glare' on her face that lent an aspect of strange. un- reality to her rich attire. ' How shall I keep it secret? The thought haunts me every moment ; how can I keep it secret P' ?Why, is there any danger of its being known?' I inquired. 'Were you seen or followed ?' ' No,' she murmured. ' It all went off well, but-' ' Where is the danger then ?' 'I cannot say; but some deeds are like ghosts. They will not be laid ; they reappear ; they gibber; they make themselves known whether we will or not. I did not think of this before. I was mad, reckless, what you will. But ever since the night has come, I have felt it crushing upon me like a pall that smothers life and youth and love out of my heart. While the sunlight remained I could endure it, but: now— Oh, Auntie, I havo done something that will keep me in constant fear. I have allied myself to a living apprehension. I have de stroyed my happiness. I was too aghast to speak. { I have tried to play gaiety for two hours. I ha^e stood up in the parlour below, dressed in my bridal white and crowned with my wreath of roses, making believe to myself that I was receiving wedding-guests and that every com pliment bestowed upon me— and they were only too numerous— were just so many congratula tions upon my marriage. But it was no use ; Eleanore knew it was no use. She has gone to her room to pray, while I, — I have come here for the first time, perhaps for the last, to fall at someone's feet and cry, — ' God have mercy upon me!1 I looked at her in uncontrollable emotion. ' Oh, Mary,' said I, 'have I only succeeded, then, in making you miserable P ' She did not answer, she was engaged in picking up the crown of roses which had fallen from her head to the floor. ! ' If I had. not been taught to love money so ! ' she said at length. ' If, like Eleanore, I could look upon the splendour which has been ours from childhood as a mere accessory of . life, easy to be dropped at the call of duty or affection. If prestige, adulation and elegant belongings were not so much to me, or love, friendship, and domestic happiness more ! If only I could walk a step without dragging, the chain of a thousand luxurious longings after me ! Eleanore can. Lordly as she is in her beautiful womanhood, haughty as she can be when the delicate quick of her personality is touched too rudely, I have known her to sit by the hour in a low,; chilly, ill-lighted and ill smelling garrett, cradling a young child on her knee, and feeding with her own hand an impa tient old woman whom no one else would con sent to touch. Oh, oh, they talk about repent ance and a change of heart ! If some one or some thing would only change mine ! But there is no hope of that ! no hope of my ever beiug anything else than what I am, a selfish, wilful, mercenary girl.' Nor was this mood a mere transitory one. That same night she made a discovery which increased her apprehension almost to terror. This was nothing lessiihan the fact that Eleanore had been keeping a diary of the last few weeks. ' Oh,' she cried in relating this to me the next day, * what security shall I ever feel as. long as this diary of hers remains to confront me every time I go into her room P And she will not con ssnt to destroy it, though I have done mj best to show her that it is a betrayal of the trust I re posed in her, She says that it is all there is to show her reasons for doing as she has, and that without it she would lack means of defence, if uncle should ever accuse her of treachery to him and his happiness. She promises to keep it locked up, but what good will that do ! A thousand accidents might happen, any of them sufficient to throw it into uncle's hands. I shall never feel safe for a moment while it' exists/ ' ? ' ? ?'.'.?''?.! ; I endeavoured to calm her by rayibg that if Ele&nore; was withonjt malice, such fears were' groundless. Bat she would not be comforted, and seeing hor so wrought up, T suggested that she Nhould ask Eleanore to deliver it into my keeping till such time as ehft should feel the necessity of using it. The idea struck Mary favourably. ' Oh, yes/ cried she, 'and I will put my certificate with it and so got rid of all my care at once.' And before the afternoon? was over, obo had seen Eleanore and made her request. It was acceded to with this proviso, that I was neither to destroy nor give up all or any of the papers except upon their united demand. A small tin box was accordingly procured, into which were put all the proofs of Mary's inar« riage then existing, viz. : the certificate, Mr. Clavering's letters, and such leaves from Elea nore's diary as referred to this matter, It was then handed over to me, with the stipulation I have already mentioned, and, I stowed it away in a certain closet up stairs, where it has lain undisturbed till last 'night. Here Mrs. Belden paused, and blushing pain fully, raised her eyes to mine with a look in which anxiety and entreaty were curiously blended;'^ ';-; ?? ?'??'?? ' '? ' i -.; :'??.-. .; ' -':,V:'i;.' ;, ') ? I don't sknow ? ,w;hatrypti will say,', she began, 'but led away by my fears, I took that box out of its hiding-place last evening, and notwith standing your advice, carried it from the house, and it is now ? -' v ' In my possession,' said I, quietly. I don't think I ever saw her look more as tounded; not even when Ltd death, ' Impossible !' she exclaimed! ' I left it last night in ;the old; barn that; was burned down. I merely meant to hide it for the pre sent, and could think of no better place in my hurry; for the barn is said to be haunted— a man hung himself there once— and no one ever goes there. I— I— you cannot have it,' cried she, ' unless ? ' ' Unless I found and brought it away before the barn was destroyed/ I suggested. . Her face flushed deeper, ' Then you followed me ?' ' ,' Yes,' said I. Then as I felt my own countenance redden, hastened to add, * We have been playing strange and unaccustomed parts, you and I. Some time, when all these dreadful events shall be a mere dream of the past, we will ask each other's pardon. But never mind all this now. The box is safe, and I am anxious to hear the rest of your story/ This seemed to compose her, and after a* minute she continued : ; 'Mary seemed more like herself after this.; And though owing to Mr. Leavenworth's return! and their subsequent preparations for departure^? I saw but little more of her, what I did see was! enough to make me fear that with the lockings up of the proofs of her marriage, she was in-i dulging the idea that the marriage itself had; become void. But I may have wronged her. in; this. , ? ; The story of those few weeks is almost? finished. On the , eve o£ the day before she) left, Mary came to my house to' bid me good bye. She had a present in her hand the value! of which I will not state, as- 1 ,did not take it, though she coaxed me with all her prettiest wiles. But she said, something that night that I have never been able to forget. It was this., I had been , speaking of my Hope that before; twojinonths had elapsed she would so win. upon Mr. Leaveriworth that she would be able to send for Mr. Clavering, and that when that day! came, I should wish to be . advised of it, when; she suddenly interrupted me by saying : . „ \ ?TJncle will never be' won upon as you call it while he lives. If I was convinced of it before, I am sure of it now. Nothing but his death will ever make it possible forme to send for Mri'Clavering/ Then, seeing me look aghast at the long period of separation which this seemed to betoken, blushed a little land whispered, ' Tho prospect looks somewhat dubious, doesn't it P But if Mr. Clavering loves me, he can wait/ ' ?' ? ?? .??/?. ::d'r 'But,' said I, 'your uncle is! only little past the prime of life, and appears to be in robust health, It will be years of waiting, Mary/' ' I don't know/ murmured she: -I think not. TTncle is not so strong as he looks and — — ' She did rot say any more, horrified perhaps, at the turn the conversation was taking. But there was an expression on her countenance that set me thinking at the time, and has kept me think ing ever since. Not that any actual dread of such an occur rence as has since happened came fo me then to make the- long months which now intervened worse than they were. I was as yet too much under'the spell of her charm to allow anything' calculated to throw a shadow over her image tp' remain long in my thougths. But when some ,fcime in the fall a letter camo to me personally from Mr. O'ayerihg, filled 'with a vivid appeal to tell 'hin/ something' of the woman ;,who, ' in spite of her vows, doomed him to a suspense so cruel, and when on the evening of the same day, a friend of mine who had just, returned from New York spoke . of meeting Mary Leaven worth at some gathering surrounded by mani fest admirers, I began to realize the alarming features of the affair as it then existed, and sit ting down, I wrote her a letter. Not in the strain in which I had been accustomed to talk to her,— I had not her pleading eyes and tremb ling, caressing hands ever before me to beguile my judgment from its proper exercise,— but honestly and earnestly, telling her how Mr, Clavering felt, and what was the risk she ran in keeping so ardent a lover from his rights, -The reply she sent rather startled me. : ;s 'I have put Mr. Bobbins out of my calcula tions for the present, and advise you to do the same, disappointing as it may be to you. Aa for the gentleman himself, I have told -him that when I could receive him I would be careful to notify him. That day has not yet comei 'But, do not let him be discouraged,' she added in a postscript. ' When he does receive his happiness, it will be a satisfying one/ When, I thought. Ah, it is that when which is likely to ruin all ! But intent only upon ful filling her will, I sat down and wrote a letter to Mr, Clavering, in which I stated what she had said, and begged him to have patience, adding that I would surely let him know if any change took place in Mary or her circumstances. And having despatched it to his address in London, awaited the development of events0 They were not slow in transpiring. In two weeks from that time I heard o? the sudden death of Mr. Stebbins, the minister who married them ; and while yet labouring under the agita tion produced by this shocks was farther startled by seeing in a New York paper the name of Mr. Clavering among the list of arrivals at the Hoffman House ! showing that my letter to him had failed in its intended effect, and that the patience Mary had calculated upon so blindly was verging to its end. . I was consequently far from; being surprised when in a couple of weeks or so afterwards, a letter came from him to my address, .which, owing to the careless omission of the private mark upon the envelope, I opened, and read enough to learn, that driven to despe ration by the constant failures which he had experienced in all his endeavours to gain access to her in public or private, a failure which he was not backward in ascribing to her indisposi tion to: see him, he had made up his mind to risk everything, even her displeasure ; and by mak ing an appeal to her uncle, end the suspense under which he was labouring, definitely and at once.. ' I want you, Amy,' he wrote ; ' dowered or dowerless, it makes little difference to me. If you will not come of yourself, then I must fol low the example of the brave knights, my ances tors ; storm the castle that holds you, and carry you off by force of arms.' Neither can I say that I was much surprised, knowing Mary as I did, when in a few days from . this, she forwarded to me for copying, this reply : ' If Mr. Bobbins ever expects, to be happy with Amy Belden, let him reconsider the determination of which he speaks. Not only would he by such an [action succeed in. destroy- ing the happiness of her he professes to love, butrun therisk of effectually annulling the af fection which makes the tie between them en durable/ To this there was neither date nor signature. It was the ery of warning which a spirited, self contained creature gives when brought to bay. It made even me recoil, though I had known from the first that her petty wiifulaess was but the tossing foam floating above tho soundless depths of cold resolve and most de liberate purpose. What its real affect was upon him and her fate I can only conjecture. All I know is that within two weeks thereafter Mr. Leavenworth Was found murdered in his room, and Hannah Chester, coming direct to my door from the scene of violence, begged me to take her in and secrete her from public inquiry, as I loved and desired to serve Mary Leaven worth. (To be continued.) . 