Labouchere on the Lords. Mb.. LAEo'ubnEEB moved,— 'That, in the opinion of tbisHonso, it is inoonsittont with tte piinoiples of representative government that any member of either Houao cf tho Log is - laturo should derive his titlo to logislato by virtue cf hereditary descent.' Ue said ha hoped tho Primo Minister would allow thorn to voto on this subject according to its morito, and that it would bo treated as an open ques tion by thoEO who sat ou the Troasury banoh, mtny of whom entirely agreed with the motion. He hud no doubt ttiat they woro de lighted whon thc-y saw ho had put it down — (Juughtei)— and that they were most anxious and eager to vote tor it. Ho would remind ben. members from Ireland that thcra were grievances on this sido of tho Channel, uad he asked that hereditary legislation should bo treated here as they wonld treat tha oistle in Iielurnl. Lord BeaoonEfiold, speaking of the IioiiEO of Lords, Baid that it practically repre sented 20,000,000 of tho peoplo of this oountry ?who had not votes. No Oonserv.-itivo could raieo thht nrgnment at prosont, for that oleotorato had bieu taken away from tho other Houso, and lie decisions of the Houeo of Commons -were to till intent b and purposes tho deoisious of the whole country. Such an argument was - only pottiUo when representative government was a moro eliam. The oountry had now be come a democracy, and hereditary legislators wdeamereanaohronism in a democracy. (Hear, bear.) There were Liberals, p?rhapB, who thought differently. The word 'Liberal' waB a somewhat vaguo ono. (Opposition laughter, and cheers.) He did not know what it meant. Ho was a Radical, and he knew what a Radical v as. Radioals, owing to thair independetoe, differed upon small points, but they were entirely united in tho opinion that all right to legislate should spring fr.m ihe people, und they were one and all opposed to the idea of having any hereditary legislators in this country. If any gentleman told him that he was a Eadioal and that ho took the opposite view, he could only Bay to that gentleman, and he said it with all respect, that he regarded him na a humbug. (Loud laughter.) If such an hon. gentleman was under the impression that ho oanied his constituency with him in opposi tion to this motion, he would rcoojunond him to consult his constituency. (Hear, hear.) He thought there was nc Eadioal or Liberal meet ing held during the late eleotion at which, if this resolution had been brought, forward, it ?would not have been carried almostunauimoualy. (Hear, hear.) Let any hon. member who doubted this call a meeting of his constituents on the subjeot, and pnt the question to them. ONE CHAMBER OR TWO. Ho himself was in favour of one Chamber, but his motion did not go eo far as to raise that point. He thought that perhaps the House had not mode up its mind whether there ought to bo ono Chamber or two. Lord Beaoonufield said that no ono wanted a second Chamber except a few disreputable individual; — that it ?was a valuable institution for any individual who had neither distinction, character, nor talent. (Laughter, and a member of tho Op position, 'When?'') Well, it was in ono of Lord Eeaconsfield's early works— (laughter) — 'but he had never olearly gathered that his lordship altered his opinion. (Renewed laughter.) An hon. gentleman on that sido (Captain Vcrney) hnd put on tho paper an amendment to this motion. Ho did not quito uudirstard whut it meant, but so far as he nudcrrtood it, tho hon. member considered that a second Chambor was in itself an evil, but a necefsary evil, and therefore they ought to bo satisfied with tho ill thoy had, booauso if they went farther they would fora worse Ha (Mr. Labouchere) did not think that z seooud Chamber was quito to innoouou3 as the hon. gentleman invigir.ne). It was poworles9 for good, lut powerful for evil. Popilar government had advunoed of late by leap* and bounds, and at present thore wis a permanent antagonism between the two Houjos ('Hoar, hear,' and 'No, no.') Tho two houses ro presetted two antagonistic principles, whioh could no more unite than oil and water. Who was the firsi peer, in ordinary cases ? . He did not wiEh to mnko personal remarks, but they knew that the first peer was a borough-monger, or a person who had done somo service, or a Couit favourite. He asked the other day what a certain Eeivice was, and the Secretary to the Treasury evaded the question, and told him to so back to 1G00 und something, to ilud out what it was. (Laughter ) If tho first poer was a olover man, olever men did not always Iwe o'over eons. Tho Prime Minister onca contested that proposition, and cited the orso of the two Yorkes, who -were Chancellors ; but the right hon. gentleman forgot to Bay that tha second Chancellor was so convinced that ho was not fit tolfill the offico that ho cat his throat on the day of his appointment'. (Laughter) Peers had mothers aa well a3 fathers— they did nnt spring, like Minarw, frcm the brains of their fathers— (a hugh) — and it was well known that mothers had just as much to do with the intellectual development of a s:e — (laughter, and 'More') — as a father. Ibey did not find doctors, painterB, poets, and lawyers occupying hereditary ofiBoea. In France, lawyers and judges were onco heradi tary : but one of tho first things the Revolu tion did was to BWfep away hereditary lawyers, bb he would have that Housa sweep away hereditary peers. If thoy wished to have hereditary peora, they did not adopt the right plan. Thoy ought to find the mott intelligent perams iu tho oountry, take them when young— (laughter) —bring them up to bo legislator?, and when they had reached tho years of maturity, marry them to Giiton glrie— (laughter) — and then, perhaps, they might gtt some sort of result. (Loud laughter.) But when thohereditarypoershadcon descended to be born, what was thoir training ? and what were their amusements ? Wore thoy such an were likely to make them (ffioient legis lators ? In tho Bouse of Lords there were 207 peere connected with the military and naval services. No doubt a Tnilitary training sorvod to make a good soldjor, but no ono ever pro tended that the training of a soldier was good for making a legislator. Tho peers lived in the ccuntiy and were great thanes— bulls of Bashan, great men in n little locality. Then they came up to London for the season. Did they then spend their time in reading books on legislation ? Ho had never eeon in whst they did or said any Bign that they were devoting themselves to education as legislators. One would Buppose that thoy would go to the Houw of lords in order to learn to legislate there. WaB that tho fsct? SITTING AND VOTING LIKE SHEEP. Hon. gentlemen sometimes went themselves to the Houbo of Lords to look on, and he thenght thnt tho best oure for those who ad* mired tho House of Lords was to go and look at it sitt-'ng. On great occasions the Lords flecked up from all parts of the country, they eat thf re like sheep, and thoy voted lika flhoap. (laughter.) But on an ordinary oooasiou they would find ono peer making' a speech to half- a ? do2en other peers until it oanie near tho dinner hour, when they vanished liko ghosts. (Laughter.) There wore no doubt somo gentlo men amorgst tho peers who devoted themselves to politios. But what did they do ? We -noro so exceedingly grateful to them for doing it that ive at onco gave them somo office, and folt p;opd of their condescension in taking into thiir charge some portion of tho affairs of thifl greatEmpiro. ('? Oh.') Of course thore were cxooptioDB ; there were men liko Lord Salis bury and Lord RoEobery, vrho woro oioosdingly able men ; but then there woro albinoos in Af rioa. (Much laughter.) It did not follow, however, tbst the interior of Africa was inhabited by white rne-n. Tho faot was that their system was this : It was as if thoy took a lady's lap dog and bred it up in a drawing-room, and thtu imogined he would turn out a good Bheep dcg. (laughter.) Thoir -whole Bystom was bad. But they wero told that the Houso of lords did not consist entirely of hereditary pcerg, and that it was reoroited from the oream of Iho nation. (Hear, hear.) We'o they? Who wero tho gentlemen who wero ordinarily modo new peers? Some of them were poli tloiuns, but they wero gentlemen who had been bores and nnieanocB in tho Houto of Commons —(laughter)- and who -were kiokod upstairs. (Moro laughter.) They woro generally very rie-h men who oither inherited large estates or who bad mndo a conBidorab'o sum of monoy and who had bought largo ostates. BIB. H. ALLSOPP. Take one aB nn insttneo. Ha did not tako it invidiously against him, bcoause ho believed he was) a highly retpeotable gentloman. He al'ucTed to fclr Henry Allaopp. Well* Sir H. Alteopp brewod beer. (Laughtor.) ! By brew irg leer he acquired a fortune. Ho did not tbtnk tkat any gentloman wonld say th*t Sir H. AUsopp in any sort of way distinguished himself politically. Ho had no doubt he did good forvico to his party, had fought sever il olections, and very likely subscribed t- tho funds of tho Corlton Club. But that was not acting as a prominent politician. Ho was mado a baronet. Ho had nut the slightest ob jection to Sir H. Allsopp or anybody else baiug mado a baronot. it seemed to him it would bj almost oruclty to animals to refuse anybody -t baronetcy who asked for it. (Luughtor.) Ho should as soon think of refusing a thistlo to a hungry and needy donkey. ( Ronowed laughter ) But Sir H. AUsepp was not satisfied with u baronttoy, and he was considered worthy of the dignity of a peerage. Here ho thought they had a right to complain, becauso that wai not only a titlo. but it conveyed oertaia logis lntivo rights boih to hira and his suocosaor*. (Hear, hear.) Thoy were often told that tho Houso of Lords in somo special ways repre sented property and commereo. Whit was the first step of Sir H. AlL-opp when made a posr ? He wroto to tho Times to complain that he wai called a brewer, and to assure tho world that ho had ceased browing (Laughtor.} Shortly after wards he saw an account of a baoolio fostiv il down in tho country. The tenants of Sir II. Allsopp mot and congratulated him upon baiag made a peer, and at tho same time ho sw a suggestion that £ir H. Allsopp was de Ecended from one of the Flantagdnet kings, (Laughter.) Sir H. Allsopp had a son who was a member of the House cf Commms. When that hon. gentleman went up to the other Houbo in the course of nature, what wculd be his course ? Would he prove a use ful rr ember in that 'Houso and speak about commerce ? Would he allude to the pitarnal butt ? (Much laughter ) They should h we the descendant of tlantogenet kings, and tha respectable vendor of intoxioating liquors— (laughter) — to whom he owed his titlo, would be entirely forgotten. Ho did ask upon what prinoiplo in the world were they to asjent to Sir H. Allsopp's son, grandson, and great grandson hereditarily ruling over them ? (Radical oheers ) TEE LOEDS DOOMED. There were 402 hereditary peers who satin the Houso of Lords. Theso hereditary peers had 14,000,000 acres amongst them and £12,000,000 of rent; that was an average of 35,000 acres to each peer and an average income 'of £30,000. They had heard a great deal about the Land League in Ireland ; but could anyone imagine a more pernioious land league than that -whioh existed in this oountry ? Even at the death they shirked paying the death duties; tho farnserB had no fixture of tenure ; and the labourers were almost starving, and when thoy came forward and asked for a miEerablo ' threo acres and a cow '— (laughter) —they wero treated with oontumely by these gentlemen. There were three orders of knight hood. There was no pretence of giving these orders for merit. They were simply given to gentlemen in the Upper Housa in order to keep themsweet,as he might call it, for Govern ment (Laughter.) Almost one-half of tho peers were Privy Councillors. A FIGHT FOR SALARIE8. When a Ministry was turned out gontletncn in the Upper House fought for places with a salary. One gentleman got a sum of money for looking alter the Quson's dogs ; another for looking after the Queen's horses; and anotho ? for looking after the Queen's foottnea. (Laughter.) Ho had been counting up what they received from the State, and found that they received altogether £338,776 jer annum frcm tho pnllio Treasury. They ware told that the payment of members of tho Houso of Commons woold fee degrading, and would destroy their independence. Yet a very small sum of division show that these hereditary peerp, notwithstanding thoir vast woil'.h, got on avern go of £700 per annum for their services. 'Ihef had relations who, according to tho 'Financial Reform Almanac'— (oh. ob) - had from 1865 to the present date received £120,CCO,000. Surely £100.000 000 was a con siderable Eum for 100 and 500 families to havo a ceived from the Exchequer in 30 years. (Cheers.) THE CONTEST BETWEEN THE ? HOUSES. ' What was tho present position of affairs ? Tho Tiime Minister was returned by large majorities iu England, Wales, Scotland, aud Ireland. He would probably bring forward ;i scheme cf home rule, but Lord Salisbury BaiJ that the House of Lords would throw it on1-. (Hecr, hear, from tho Opposition.) Tho nobb maiquie olaimeel, in faot, to veto any Act pissed by the Commons and to foxce a dissolution ?when ho liked. Thoy ought not to maintaia the existence of [an hereditary Houso of Lords whoopenly vowed that thoy wero thero in order t) prevent the Houeo of Commons doing what they considered was for tho good of the country. It was said the Hiu-e of Lords could not lie got rid of without physioal foroa. Could it not be constitutionally done ? Of coursa it could. Nothing could be easier than to oreato 300 peers, if neccERary, to Bwamp them. (Laughtor.) He real'y believed thoie wa3 snoh patriotism on these ('ha Liberal) benches that ho could fr d 300 gentlemen on that side of the Houso who would ascend tho altar of their oountry aiid sacrifice themselves. (Laughtor.) He ?was not asking the House to decide between tie system of ore Chamber and another, but ho wanted a reform, not in aocordanoo with the principles recognised in the constitution of tho Houeo of Lords, but in accordance with tho principles recognised by every sane man out of that House. Tho faot was the lines of demarcation between liberals and Conservatives at the present moment wero somewhat vague, and he believed the* only men who know their own minds in this Houeo were the Badioals. Now that the BeformActa were paesed, the country would b.gin to bo governed by tho democracy, 'and Democrats and Radicals wero idont'cal. Demo crats regarded a hereditary llegislatnre ai an inEnlt, an absurdity, and an abomination. The Houso of hereditary landlords, whioh claimed the right to overturn dcoi:ions arrived at by the representatives ot the people, was a baneful and pernioious institution. In the great tri bunals of the country judgment had boon givoa on tl is subject, and ho called upon this Housa to give effect to that judgment. (Cheers ) 