CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The half-yearly meetings of the Congrega-<*> tional Union and Home Mission of South Australia were commenced at the Hindmarsh Equare Congregational Church on Tuesday. The council of the Union met in the morning for the transaction of the business, and the chairman (Bey. J. C. Kirby) presided over a good attendance of members and delegates. The Bey. J. C. McMichael (secretary) read the executive committee's and general progress report, from wbich we take tbe following:— *? After considerable negotiation all tbe pro perty of the society, whether in its own name or tbat of the Union, has been exempted from land tax except Gladstone and High-street, Kensington. In regard to the latter negotia tions are still pending. An application by Mr, Moorfaouse, to be permitted to offer his services for missionary work in New Guinea, has been approved by tiie students' sub-committee after a special examination of Mr. Moorhouse as to bis fitness for the work. The application has been forwarded to the directors of the London Missionary Sodety through the local auxiliary. An application has also been made by a young maa for admission to Union College as a student, but owing to the present porition of tbe college the consideration has been deferred, and the applicant recommended to continue his studies privately. Mr. Alfred Hodge, whose canrse of study at Union College ends immediately, has accepted an invitation to Km-ljpit Congre gational Church." The report aras received. On the motion of the Rev. T. Hope, seconded by the Rev. J. R. Glassos, the report aras received. Mr. A. Adamson moved—" That the secre tary be instructed to send notice to the country churches six weeks previously to the annual and half-yearly meetinga, so that they may give notice of any business they wish to bring ] forward in order that it may be placed upon * the programme." The motion was carried. The Bey. T. Hope moved—"That it be an instruction to the delegates to Union College i to seek dissolution, and failing that to give ? notice of retirement." The Rev. C. Man- j thobfk seconded the motion, which was carried. : It was decided —"That the delegates and the I Beys. C. Manthorpe and W. B. Fletcher, and | the chairman should be a committee to act be tween the present and the annual meeting to consider what steps should be taken in the event of a dissolution of Union College, and to make arrangements for the education of students if necessary." Mr. J. J. SrucxET brought up the report on the formation of a church ex tension society, which stated:—"Nothing definite has been done as to the formation of a church extension society. Such a sodety would be merely to acquire sites for churches to be built in tbe near or distant future, or to be subsequentlyresold if not required forchurch purposes. A suggestion has been made tbat the existing societies, the Union and Chapel building societies, could by an extension of their redes cover the ground proposed to be occupied by the aew society in ao far as regard* places like Silverton, outside of the colony. There arill be no funds for the new society till tbe end of the Jubilee period, say September, 1888." Adopted. The finance sub-committee reported that they commenced the year arith a debit balance of £54 16a. lOd.; the disbursements for the half year had been £253 10a. 7<L. making a total of £308 7s. 5d.; tbe receipts from all sources had been £82 Bb. Sd.; leaving a balance due to the baDk of £225 18s. 3d. Adopted. The Bey. W. B, Fitetcheb gave notice that at the next annual meeting he would move— " Tbat rule 5 of the ministers' provident fund be altered by substituting *five' i or ' two' in the aecond line of the rule, which provides that beneficiary members shall be ministers who are and for five years previous to their application to participate in the benefitof theaasociation have been annual subscribers to the fund, aud whose churches or some person in place of the churches have also contributed for the same time not less than £1 annually. The report of the convener of the literature sub-committee (sir. J. Vardon) aras read, stating that at the annual meeting of the council a motion aras paaaed. that the Record ehould not be published unless the churches guaranteed the cost. The committee found tbat to print and circulate 12 numbers of 1,600 copies each averaging 15 pages, and including the publication of the proceedings of the annual and half-yearly meetings of tbe council, would cost about £100. To meet thia it aras thought that the committee ehould be called npon to contri bute £20 for tbeir reports, the jubilee commit tee £10, and £10 would be obtained from ad vertisements, leaving £60 to be guaranteed by the committee. Circulars were issued asking the churches to guarantee thia amount, and 23 churches guaranteed £16. The churches having thus failed to comply arith tire resolution of tfae annual meeting with regard to the guarantee, it aras dedded that the Record conld not be published, and the subcommittee arere ins&ucted; to cor respond with the Christian Colonist oa the question of publishing church news. The offer received from that journal was in effect— ordinary drarch newa inserted gratis; reports of annual aad half-yearly meetings ia supple ment form to be paid for; a column of the Colonist could be set apart for tfae spedal vie of the committee for tiie sum of 20a ; ministers to recommend the paper to churches. As this plan involved cost to the Union the matter waa referred to tbe half yearly meeting. One number of the Record had been printed con taining a report of tfae annual meeting-at a cost of £14 12s. 6d., and 100 circulars were printed at a cost of 10a; total, £15 2s. Gd. The publisher bad received the foll.wing amounts:—Subscriptions from churches mid in dividuals, £S 15a. 7d.; jubilee committee, £1 10s.; advertisements, £3 10s.; treasurer of Union, £40 65.-=J_54 Is. 7d. Paid to printers, £_6 13s. 2d.; balance in had, £7 Ss. 51. A long discussion ensued oh the motion "That the publishing of the Record be finally discon tinued." Eventually the wJ)ole question araa referred to tbe general committee arith power to act, without involving any financial responsi bility. In the absence of Mr. R. Searle owing to illness, Mr. G. V. DoOLEriE moved—"That it be an instruction from this oouncil to the execu tive committee to arrange fora conference daring the next annual meeting of the Union with a delegation from tbe Baptist Association of South Australia, and that the Baptist Asso ciation be asked to appoint such delegation." Tbe Key. W. K. Fletcheb seconded the motion. After a brief discussion, in which it was pointed oat tbat no practical result would follow the conference, and the expression of regret tbat tbe question Bhould have been brought forward, Mr. J. F. Co.vigeave moved tbe previous question, which was carried. The Rev. J. McEwis moved'—'That it ba an instruction to the executive committee to make it known that they arill be glad to receive deputations from other religious oodies at the next annual meeting of the unim." Mr. J. A. Stcckey seconded, and this was carried. The rejection of the Totalizator Bill by the Legislative Council was announced and re- i ceived with cheers. It was dedded to forward a letter expressive of ?jmpatby with Mr. K. Searle in his illness. The set sion was continued in the evening. The chairman (Rev. J. C. Kirby) pre- i fided, and delivered his half-yearly ad- \ dresa, from which we take the following:— i Courtesy gives tbe front pLaca to tliat respected ] prelate tbe Rev. Dr. Kennion — who at a lute synod expressed a great desire that aU communities professing Christianity should iu oorpoiateintoonegreateodesiasticalinstitutiou. Now we hold that the consolidation of aH societies professing Christianity into one insti tution would be a fearful curse to mankind. : It would bar human progress, destroy the just I liberty of individual Christiana; would gene- j rate creeds conceived in tbe interests of the corporation; arould supersede Christianity by cburchianity; would engender pride, sloth, and an abounding brood of heresies and frivolous superstitions. History shoirs that the efforts made to unite professing Christians into one institution are gross failures and mistakes. They have begot brutal persecutions, bloody wars, colossal robberies, divisions of nations, oceans of par juries and horrible corruptions among those wbo called themselves the Church of Christ, and i ooloasal misrepresentation of ChrUt, so that the masses of the enlightened of tiie nations 1 bave become much alienated from the Re deemer. Hence we cannot engage in such a project as the incorporation ot all professing Christians into one great institution. Mon especially as we know that such a vain project is utterly alien to the teaching of Christ and His apostles. But the Anglicans do no*, understand the_e things. They have inherited much Romish error. So if tbe Anglican prelate seeks to bring about a representation of the Christian Churches in order to investigate and discuss the matter, I suggest that we should appoint two grave and learned brethren to ac on our behalf. It will afford us a grea opportunity of teaching great verity concern ing the Christian doctrine of tbe church aud tbe churches. Some time ago the then Anglican clergyman of Salisbury came to. me aa the acting pastor of oar church in tbat place and asked if I would be willing to shut up our Salisbury Church, so that the people might join as part of his con gregation. I answered that our brotherhood at Salisbury are a self-governed body, and that I cotild not think of shutting one of our churches anywhere excepting on a I principle of give and take. There are evils from too many churches in small towns, but tbere may be worse evils from only one church in a village. Better the large aggregate attendance of the Salisbury churches than tha emptiness often seen in parish churches in England, where there is only one place in which to worship God. but could not a council be foimcd cf all the churches which might take measures to abate the rabidity 'A denominational competition in the entailer settlements of population. We ehould also in villages close at each others anniver saries. When I preached tha anniversary at Hamley Bridge I thought that there bad batter have been a closing of the Anglican preaching station on that day. Others have shown muds courtesy throughout the country to the Anglican bishop; let Anglicans have the grace to reciprocate, or are migfat tire of one-tided reriprority. The Con temporary Review for August, 183G, con tains a valuable article on "Research in Early Church History." The araiter tells na of the discovery of the first Epistle of Clement in an unmutflated form. This epistle, he says,. "Isa unique monument. It is a comprehen sive official letter of theyearSG. fromthe?omsn to the Corinthian Church, and is older than tfae Gospel of John. It is the moat important document of the sub-apostolic period." Ttae Roman Church speaks in this epistle to the Corinthian Church as a thoughtful, faithful mother to a thoughtless daughter arho has erred — "Joy and rejoicing will be put in our hearts if ye arill hearken to what we have written throagh the Holy Ghost." "We have sent men who will be witnesses between you and us," thus did the Roman Church speak, 96, a d.; "not, be it noted, the Roman bishop, but the Roman Church. Neither Peter nor Peter's successors are here named, nor any person or office. The Roman bishop but inherited the universal office whidi the J__Tman Church had much earlier professed. At the basis of tiie pretensions of the Pope of Rome lie underneath all the strength aud energy with whidi the old R >man Church labored for the whole of Christendom.*' I have not quoted this to show how baseless the Pope's claims are, nor yet to show the independency of the Congregational Christian Church of Rome in the sub-apostolic days, but to draw attention to the activity and living energy of the church assembly at Rome. We find that that church must 'have taken into its consideration the state of the churches of Christ, and the progreaa of ffae gospel cause. Tbe church meeting at Rome must nave been full of spiritual business. Brethren,cou_dwenot do more in and through our church meetings? Should aot tiie churches at times send epistles to one another? Could we not have official visits ? Ought not details of finance to be left to the deacon's court, aud tiie church in its collective capacity to consider what caa be done to convert the undecided, to increase aad to purify the membership; to visit the lapsed and the absentees 1 We need to labor that our churches may have the reality aad not the mere same of life. Thus shall we do good and follow tbe example of primitive Christianity. In comparison aritfa many other orders of Christians Coagrcgationalists assign to aromen a fit place in the government and life of oor churches. We give to the adult aroman tiie same vote and voice in the church meeting as we do to the man. Hence among as the woman exercises equal dominion in tbe visible churches of Christ with the man. As for cen turies we have accorded woman's fg?i?-h?? in spiritual things, logically we ought, andlbelieve as amassof people we areready to grant woman's franchise in tfae politics of thia wodd. How ever, this is only a remark by the aray. Tae women having the proper dignity whidi belongs to the franchise, it seems to uu that the women of our churches should be led to take a more active part in church life aad work. Hence the late action of Stow Church in appointing certain ladies to aud Mr. Fletcher in necessary visitation, is to be commended. Among the Friends or the people commonly called Quakers the women members am syste matically organised for discipline and for work among their own sex. This ia in addition to participation in pnblic preaching and other public work of the church. At stated times meetings of women are held, conducted by women, at whidi matters special to aromenare brought under review, and spedal rebukes, ex hortationF, and instructions are given. As a result of their system there is among Quakers a larger proportion of able women than among any other body of Christians. They have a reinarkaUe number of women apt in the conduct of public business, of great capacity for philanthropic labor, aad able to appreciate tfae deeper literature. Not withstanding tbe interest the system aad dis cipline of the Quaker Church has given their women in social and public matters, we caa nowhere find women more devoted to home and more able to fill tiie home with order; purity, and love. 'Bte address formed the subject of a spirited discussion, and tiie cbair manwaa awarded a cordial vote of thanks. 