NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. There a*© no prisoners at present in Tenterfield gaol. The Arm i J ale Borough Council bare a debit balance of .£1336 10s. At the hearing of a case at Singleton a witness swore he beard someone Btniling! Last year 1000 tons of tin were sent away from Stantborpe; value about £25,000. The railway between Cootamundra and Qundagai will be ready for traffic in a month. During the year 1685 no lees than 59,66 square yards of woodpaving were laid in Sydney. A meeting of unemployed in Sydney decided that they would ratber have day work than piecework. The R.M.S. Bengal took away 14 bars of refined silver, valued at £3824 from the Sunny Corner silver mine. Mr. Howard Vincent suggests Ibe holding of an Imperial Federation Council in London during the Exhibition. R chard Lee, aged nine years, was drowned in the Caboolture River (Q.) last week, whilst bathing with bis two brothers. The Young election dispute between Messrs. Mackinnon and W. J. Watson ia likely to find its way into the Supreme Court. The Government Printing Office and Parliamentary buildings at Brisbane were successfully lit with the electric light last Friday. The electors of Camden are wrotb at their member, Mr. Qarrett, leaving for England without consulting them in any way. The daily consumption of salt water for Btreet- waterrag purposes in the city oi Sydney during the past year has beeu GO,519 gallons. A girl named Dunbar, living at Summer Hill, near Sydney, swallowed a quantity ol carbolic acid, and died within fifteen minutes. The steel guns and gun carriages arrived at Brisbane by the steamer New Guinea for defence purposes, and will be mounted at Lytton Fort. Margaret Vaughan, a boardinghouse-keeper on the Murrumburrah-Blayney railway, has been committed for trial on a charge of lor- Rery. The want of rain is being severely felt in the Batburst district, and almost every householder in the city has to bring water from the river. A pontoon dock, 280ft. in length, capable of carrying a vessel o1 2000 tow*.ia being imported from Europe by the Atlas Engineering Company. Mr. C. J. Wilson, one of the oldest journalists of the colony, died recently at Shoalhaven, aged 57 year?, from paralysis of the brain. Mr. Bash ford, contractor for the Border railway, offers a prize for the best baby under 12 months, to be exhibited at the Tenterfield show. At a recent meeting of the Insurance Institute of New South Wales, Mr. Richard Teece read an important paper on " Benefit Building Societies." The total subscriptions for the Queensland loan amounted to £4,000,000. Tenders at £105 6s. 6<L will receive 50 per cent.; above that in fulL About 60 of the unemployed have been sent by the Government to the Southern and Western districts, and about 350 are employed at Rook wood. In consequence of the prevalence of dengae fever at Fiji, orders have been Given to quarantine all vessels arriving from Fijian ports until further notice. It is reported that the recent fracas in the Sydney city council between Aldermen J. D. Young and Tayloi will come under the notice of the law courts. Great preparations are being made in Newcastle to give a lilting reception tc Lord and Lady Carrington on the occasion of their visit to the coaly city. Our London correspondent is of opinion that the New South Wales Court will present a verycreditable appearance at the Indian and Colonial Erhibition. The various commissioners of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition'have been invited to State Service it St. Paul's, London, and to a banquet at Guild-hall. The Gundagai people complain that the goods-shed now being erected at the railway terminus is altogether inadequate to the requirements of the district. Those who professed to understand the Bathurst electorate were confident that Mr. D. Majne would lose bis £40 ; but he did not, nor was he anywhere near it. A gentleman who has a craze for statistics has counted the number of capital I's used in a four-column speech of Sir Henry Parkes last week. The total be gives at 262; The jumpers of Ihe Mount Albion Silvermine (Q), the properly of John Moffit, have lost their csBe, it being held that the lessees bad fulfilled the labor conditions. The settling over the late V.RC. Meeting was decidedly unsatisfactory in Sidney, as a number of losere failed to put in an appearance, and the books are lamenting. The barque Nosshead has been posted missing at Lloyd's. She left Sydney on AuguBt 30 last with 1550 tons of coal tor Portland, (Oregon), and bas not since been .heard of. Tbe -Minister for Lands intends introducing a clause into the Amending Land Bill dealing with the question of reservation for water frontages, to which he is entirely opposed. A preliminary meeting was beld a few days since in Sydney and a movement started to entertain the well-known sportsman, Mr. John Tait, at a banquet, in celebration of his 70th birthday. At the annual session of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society, the report which was presetted showed a credit balance of £5,940 19i. 10J. There are about 50 lodges in Australia. At an inquest held on the body of the jockey M'Dowall, who was killed ilirough falling with the pony Express in a hurdle race in Sydney, tbe jury relumed a verdict of accidental death. Tbe Quirindi storekeepers have bound themselves, under a penalty of £60, not to do any business on the first Wednesday in each month, so a& to give themselves and their em- 'yyes a holiday. Lady Forbes, mother of Judge Forbes, met with a serious accident at her residence, Double Bay. The old lady, who is 91 years ot age, fell aud fractured her thigh, and is not expected to recover. It is understood that the steamships Australia and Zealandia will be put on tbe trade between Honolulu and Japan. Tbe Oceanic Company is having a new steamer built for the mail service via Sin Francisco. At Gundagai last week two young men named Sbeather were nearly killed through eating some mutton. Tbe doctor who attended them said their symptoms were those of acrid vegetable or animal poisoning. In tbe case of the body of an infant which IB found buried in the sand at the foot of Mount Carme), Waterloo, the coroner's jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. The Germans have found that the natives of New Guinea aTe great tobacco-grower?, and a good trode is likely to spring up iu this {>roduct. For some time past colonial tobacco eaf bas been at a very low figure. Lord Rosebery has been invited to read a paper before tbe Royal Colonial Institute, London, upon tbe colonies generally. He bas replied that be cannot give a definite answer until political affairs are more settled. At tbe sitting oi the Presbyterian Assembly in Sydney it was stated that it was intended to celebrate tbemnjority of the United Church by raising a sum of £50,000 for ihe purpose^of extending tbe operations of the Church. Specimens of silver ore obtained from an extensive lode at tbe foot of Mouut Elliott were exhibited in Townsville last week. A private company is being formed to get out a few tons of ore, which will be treated at RwenBwood. H.M.S. Opal and Raven have been re-commisaioned for a fuither term of service on tbe Australian station. The Emerald, which was to have relieved the Opal, has been ordered to the North American and West Indies station. robbing tbe Warialda mail, and was remanded to Tumwortb. He haB been identified aB tbe perpetrator of Eeveral other mail-coach robberies. Tbe R.M.S. Austral, which left Sydney on Saturday, took away 466 passengers, including several prominent public men. The Australian cricketing eleven joined the ship at Adelaide. The dead body of a man, with a portion of an old belt round his neck, was found on 10th inst. in Fern Gully, about balf a mile from h\ Perouse. He is supposed to have committed suicide. The deceased's name waa Nils Lirseen. At a largely attended meeting of working men, held in front of tbe Town-hall, Sydney, a resolution against State-aided immigration was passed, and it was resolved that a deputation should present it to tbe Colonial Secretary. Tbe New Zealand Government are standing no nonsense over the rabbit extermination question. They are taking proceedings against some farmers in the Northern Wairarapa district, to compel them to clear their runs of the rabbit pest. At tbe Central Police Court, Sydney, Mr. Fisher, D.S.M., ruled that when a thief entered a bouse through an open window tbe charge of " breaking " and entering could not be sustained. The domestic servant question is as complicated in Brisbane an in Sydney. Oat of 60 single girls brought out by the immigrant ship Dacca, only two were open for engagement after they landed. According to recent advices from London, the refined silver frotn Silver ton fetches at tbe present time in tbe Eoglish market 4s. 23. per oz., or 3&d.; more than the ruling quotation for standard silver. Describing a ball at Braidwood, tbe editor of the Ditpatck says :—" In less time than it takes ns to write the words the majority of those present had become so immersed in the pleasures of tbe mazy dance that everything around sunk into oblivion." Tbo telegraph authorities aseeit Ibat tbe abandonment of tbe system of prepaying telegrams hv stamps is solely due to the fact of the public preferring the old cash payment, and not to any failure of tbo system itself as far as the check is concerned. A very large nugget has been found on tbe bottom of an old f baft on lbe deserted gold field at Apple Tree Fiat, near Mudgee. It is a singular fact that on this field, when at full work, tbe gold was nearly always found iu nuggets. Long ago it was abandoned aB unpayable. The Ashfield Reserve Corps hold their military sports on Saturday, the 1st May, to permit as many as possible of the country forces, who are expected to attend the Easter Encampment, to tike part. His Excellency Lord Carrington bas accorded his special patronage. In response to an invitation from tbe Congregational Unions of Australia, the Rev. R. W.^Dale, D.D., and Mr. Albert Spicer intend paying tbe colonies a visit. The former gentleman is perhaps the most thoroughly representative clergyman of the Congregational body. At St. Leonards l«9t week, Sir Henry Parkes said the chief reason why he did not take office in tbe Robeit<on Ministry was the unhandsome treatment he had received from persons on tbe same side of tbe House as he was in trying to undermine his influence behind bis back. The Minister for Lands has issued & minute staling that whatever number of days any Civil servant in the Lauds Department is absent during the year, without medical certificate of 6uch absence being caused by ill— health, should be deducted from tbe annual leave of absence. The London Standard declares that it is impossible to overrate tbe importance of the responsibility of the Bank of England with regard to the lavish borrowings of Queensland. Tbe governor of the Bank of England has oo behalf of tbe bank repudiated any liability as to colonial loans. The New Zealanders are ptill vigorously prosecuting their attempt to ttock their fresb waters with fish. A million white-fish ova have jnst been imported from tbe United States. These fish grow to a large sizs, and are very delicate eating. They are mostly found in the lakes in America, end not in ruuning streams. The recent find in tbe Lubra mine at Silverton continues to look well. It has now widened out, and shows every appearance ol being much more extensive than was at first anticipated. The ore continues to be of the same high quality. Tbe Broken-hill South and'the Diy Dream continue to look exceedingly well. Our Sydney correspondent writes that sharks of an extraordinary size continue to infest tbe harbor. Inside one caught a few days ago were found a quantity of undigested humin skin, bones, and a penny piece. The men who killed tbe seven sharks A correspondent of the Monaro Mercury, writing from a place called Wool way, remarks that " 90 per cent, of tbe population here are suffering from tootb-ache." ''The wheat crop there has not averaged more tban nine bushels to tbe scrt>," the same authority tells us. Why, then, trouble about teeth ? There may not be much use for them. With the account of the recent battle at Grafton before UP, there is a delicate humor in the followingquatrain, quoted by the Moderator of tbe Presbyterian General Assembly, which will be appreciated by readers :— We are not divided, All one body we; One lo Lope, fn doctrine. One In charity. Tbe lady cricketers purpose challenging the Parliamentary team to .a charity match. The ladies are spoken of os being remarkably expert in al I departments of tbe game except throwing. Judging from tbe kind of treat the Parliamentarians gave the Press a few weeks e^o, throwing was a remarkable point in the game. Tbe pressmen were doing little else for a few hours. Though the yield of wool this year has been low enough, and the dry season baa severely affected the crops in mony places, it is satisfactory to find that tbe maize crops along tbe coast are more than usually heavy. The yield on some parts of the Manniug has been 60 bushels to tbe acre. Maiz >, it so happens, is about the only cereal for which we can git much export. Mr FraBer Martin, who bas not been able to get his foot inside of Parliament since his defeat at West Sydney several years ago, has taken up the cudgels on behalf of Sir Henry, and maintains that always under thertienof that venerable politician New South Wales was prosperous, and that he is ihe only man in the country who is able to extricate ue from our present difficulties. Carl Von Bieren, formerly manager of the powder manufactory at Narrabeen, was brought up at tbe Water Police Court on 12th inst. on a charge of fraudulent insolvency. Evidence was given of various proceedings by tbe defendant, on which the prosecutor sought to establish tbe chargc, and tbe defendant was couimit'ed to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions, bail being allowed. We (ATaos) have been informed by Mr. W. J. Baker, ot Granville, that a terrific whirlwind* visited his place one day last week. It was eo strong that it carried the roof from a cowebcd to a distance of hundred yard*, ond stripped a clothes line of a week's washing, one <31 the dresses having been found hall a mile off. Tbe whirlwind was accompanied by a noise resembling distant thunder. A etcam crane of immense power for the Imperial Government, for service on Garden Island, is in course of construction at tbe Atlas Company's Works on tbe Paramatta River. The crane is one of the largest constructed in the colony, the sole- plate alone being 12 tons in weight and 13ft. in diameter. Tbe plate was cast at tbe company's works, and is said to be the largest turned out in Sydney. The Clarence Examiner saye:—" On Wednesday evening, after the business of the council bad concluded, the Mayor of Grafton presented tbe silver medal awarded .to Captain Jones, of the s.s. Nixie, by the National Shipwreck Relief Society oi New South Wales, for his act of braver; ia rescuing a drowning man at Rocky Mouth on November 30. About 30 people, including members of the borough council, were present." Now the fact of the Melbourne Omnibus and Tramway Company being in a position to pay a dividend of 12 per cent, has become known, the attention of our capitalists is again roused to the good thing which our own trams would be if properly managed. According to the London Engineer the Sydney tram system is a epleodid failure, from an engineering point of view, and according to Mr. Garvah, it is a failure financially as well. Regret was expressed in the Presbyterian Assembly that more young men in the colony did not offer themselves for the ministry. Considering the buoyancy of native youths, such a course of study es is comprised in going over the first half of Davidson's Hebrew erammar, and the first chapter of the Book of Genesis parsed word for word, and a portion committed to memory, is not enticing. Interesting perhaps, but somewhat dry reading. A strike is imminent in Brisbane amongst the labouring classes. They object to being paid their wages fortnightly instead of weekly. Tbe men assert that they have been frequently defrauded by dishonest contractors who had taken contracts at unremunerative prices, and had either gone insolvent or had left the colony after drawing as much as possible on the contract and leaving the men unpaid. Some of the largest local contractors are already paying their men weekly. It seems that the trustees of the Presbyterian Church at Grafton took precautions to withstand a siege of the building ; then they were finally ejected. They bad victualled tbe citadel and barricaded the doors. When they were pitched out by the storming party, sundry jugs which had been brought with them were also thrown out. In view of the outrageous proceedings, it would be charitable to assume that these jugs, during the night, had contained something stronger than water. The Western Post (Mudgee) of March 9 says :—" Some of our large landed proprietors are in great straits for grass for the sustenance of their stock, and are compelled to apply to our middlemen for tbe hire OT lease of their small holding". This is to be deplored, for it goes to prove that the ensuing winter will be one of the hardest that Mudgee has bad to encounter for many years unless we are fortunate enough to have the genial April showers that are olt quoted to bring forth May flowers. 1' The protest of Sir Saul Samuel against the wholesale exportation of paupers to this and other Australian colonies has been applauded by The Timet and, we may therefore conclude, by an influential section of public opinion. At a meeting of the British and Colonial Emigration Sociely, at the Mansion House, in London, he. protested against the action of the Marquis of Lorne, Lord Brabezon, and others, who.are endeavoring to induce ihe Government to establish an official emigration bureau, to supply information, &c.; A meeting of magistrates was held recently at Young. Tbe police magistrate occupied the chair. It was decided to tender a banquet to tbe Chief Justice on April 6, in honor of the opening of the Dew court-house. It was also decided to invite the co-operation of all the magistrates and the members of the legal .profession within the Supreme Court district of Young. A sub-committee, consisting of the olice magistrate, Messrs. ."Watson, Sharp, and E»ra. Heeley and Hutching, was appointed to make the necessary arrangements. case to test tbe powers of bishops and'the rights of subordinate clergy in tbe Anglican Church will shortly be brought before tbe court of law in New Z aland. The Bishop of Wellington rt-cently cancelled the license of the Rev. J. C. DodwelL Tho clergyman has commenced an action against the Bishop to recover damages lor <l illegal dismissal." defence is that the Bishop has power'to cancel The such licenses for "just cause." The case will come on for trial before the law COUTU at the April Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court.- Referring, to Ihe proposal to subsidise the Meat Preserving Company, the Maxtiand Mercury very sensibly observes :—«Even with tbe aid of subsidy, the Preserving Company could not go on if rales for stock were such as made meat locally very dear. So that it is only in certain circumstances that a bounty can be operative for i's intention; a-notable depletion ol tbe stock "market would paralyse ihe preserving industry, for its competition would only raiBe prices against itself. Therefore, its competition would cease, and the market be left to the ordinary operation of the trade." Amongst the many improvements most earnestly prayed for in respect to both trains and trams is a mitigation of the whistling nuisance, which is now growing to such an extent as to render the erection of a lew more lunatic asylums a matter of cloee necessity. That there is no very urgent need for tbe eternal shrieking now carried on fee ma to be evident from the fact that tbe whistleiR not generally used in America, nor on the Continent, an& even those that are in nee are not calculated to drive their sounds through a three-inch pine board. Mr. D. Mayne, the defeated candidate for Bathurst, gave the I olio wing gloomy prospect in Btore for him owing (o the electors not returning him against Mr. Suttor. He rue* fully remarked :—" I expect my HUBBUB will shut the door in my face when I go home, and the cook will refuse to let me go into the kitchen Mr. Mayne, possibly with a similar contingency siariug him in the face if he contested the seat any more, said " that though be intended to have another try for Parliamentary honours, be would let Mr. Suttor alone in future." There appears to be some practically insane idea to upset Mr. Suttor's election at Bathurst. It appears that when the show of hands was Against bim some friend demanded a poll for him, and when the returning officer turned to Mr. Suitor, who was engaged at the time, ho simply nodded his head in acquiescence. This is not considered a legal way of demanding a poll. At the declaration of the poll, Mr. P. Fowler lodged a protest against Mr. Suttor's election, which the returning officer declined to leceive, alleging it muBt be made to the Speaker of the Assembly. A Brisbane telegram says: —" A man, whilst fishing from the river bank in the Botanic Gardens at midday, observed a man jump into tbe water and swim some distance before disappearing. Another person on ibe opposite bank also witnessed the occurrence. Tbe police were Immediately iaformed of the occurrence, and they dragged tbe river all the afternoon without success. • A man named John Brown has been missing from the Moreton boardingbouse since Thursday, and was last seen in a publicbouee on Siturday ni^bt. Brown left a horee and dray where he lodged." Boring results at Gunbar give most cheering prospects. At 235ft. in fine white sand) water was struck giving 260 gallons per hour, and rising to witbin 84ft. of the surlace. A second supply at 240ft. in sand and clay was struck. It was a very heavy burst, and rose 140ft. in four minutes, or at tbe rate of 1050 gallons per hour. Tbe force of the water was so great that it drove 20ft. of clay before it All the water struck is fresh, and it giveB a supply of over 44,000 gal Ions per day, or equal to a double supply for Hay for the year. The importance of tbis discovery it is impossible to over- estimate. It is understood tbat Sir Patrick Jennings telegraphed. to Mr. Griffith, asking him to consent to tbe break of gauge on the intercolonial railway being made at Tenterfield instead of on the border. After tbe matter bad been carefully considered, a reply waB sent regretting the inability of the Queensland Government to reconsider its Jormer decision. The grounds tor this decision are tbat the torder had been fixed upon and a town laid out, and land sold on tbe understanding tbat tbe break of gau^e should be there, and also because a large part of the earthworks for tbe double station at the border bad already been completed. The TenUrfield Star says u We were shown last week by Mr. R. D. M'Pherson a curiosity of tbe woods in the shape of a winged mouse. This little t-tranger bas much tbe appearance of an ordiuary mouse with the addition of two wings, fashioned after tbe manner of those of the squirrel, and which are evidently designed to facilitate its flights through tbe air. The tail, which i* uncommonly long, has a flimsey covering at either side, and is also used to support the little creature while 4 on tbe wing.' Tbis diminutive and rare curiosity was captured by Mr.- M'Pherfon at Bolivia, and has been handed over bv tbat gentleman to Mr. C. I. Cavanaugb." A terrible scene took place recently in Steam Mill-street, Sydney. Martha L e and her husband, who is a cripple, reside iu the street named, and for soine time they are reported to have lived on unhappy terms. The other afternoon, while in the heat of an altercation, L?e is said to have seized his crutch, and wiih full force levelled a blow at his partner. It descended upon ber head and she iell to the ground. The police were called, and the mm was taken into custody and tbe woman to tbe Sydney Hospital, where she was placed under the cire of Dr. Munro. Her appearance on ber admission was horrible, her identity being completely concealed beneath streams of clotted blood. The Forbes Timet relates that as two boys were playing the other day near a heap of road metal (quartz), one of them picked np a stone to throw it at bis compauion. It was only about the size of a small walnut, but its weight attracted the lad, and on looking at it he found it was etudded with gold. Tbe metal was stacked, there three years ago for roadmaking. The contractor states tbat be githered it from several places quite cloBe to town,but of course cannot tell where this particular piece of qoar z came from. Experts eay tbat if similar stone could He got in quantity, it would yield from 50 to 100 ounces or gold per ton; A day or two afterwards another boy picked up a piece of road metal in one of the street*, in which there was apiece of gold the size of a pin's head. The Bombala Herald reports the total destruction by fire on Sunday, 28th February, of the Freemasons' Hotel there. The fire was firat noticed about 3.30 o.m. by Mr. B. B )wtell, who instantly gave tbe alarm and roused the inmates. At that time the fire appeared to be confined to the upper portion of the building, but a breeze blowing, the work of destruction was rapid and complete, as far as the building was concerned. Mr. W. Britten, who was staying at the hotel, had an almost miraculous escape, <?s when aroused from sleep sparks were falling upon him. As showing the timid nature of some people to trust monetary institutions, the fact may be cited that Mr. Britten bad a large sum of money concealed in his bed, which in the haste to escape, be forgot all about; he, however, returned and secured the plant. A complaint having been made to the Minister for Justice, to tbe effect that a certaiu officer of tbe Department, stationed in tbe country, had dishonored a cheque, and an inquiry having been made by tie complainant as to whether the Department would stop out of the salary of the officer tbe.amount of the cheque, the Hon. J. P. Garvan bas written a minute, which is as follows"Whilst tbe Department cannot undertake to directly enforce payment of tradesmen's accounts by its officers, I think it most desirable tbat officers of tbis Department, particularly those discharging judicial functions, should so regulate their Hie as to bring no discredit on the service, and should as far as possible in their actions reflect the justice of tbe law they administer." The Minister has directed tbat the officer with respect to whom tbe complaint bas been made shall be asked for a report, tbat the substance of the above minuie shall he conveyed to him, and that failure to act up to it will meet with severe censure. A certain business man went to Newcastle the other day for a trip, and took a room in a hotel there. He went to bed iu good time, and took the precaution to place near tbe bead of the bed a bottle of spirits for medicinal purposes in tho night, if he was taken ill. He also placed his sword stick within arm's length of the bed, in case he might require it during tho night. There not being a lock on tbe door, he fastened it with a bit of string, and he afterwards retired to rest. At about midnight, the time at which it is said tbat ghosts walk, he was awakened by, as he imagined, something snoring. He sat up in bed> and felt tbat his hair was standing on his bead, so great was his terror. He managed to reach the bottle containing tbe spirits, and took a long draught of it, which gave him courage to bold tbe sword stick. Having removed the case from the sword, he slowly stepped out of bed, and his foot came in contact with something soft. Having partaken the seooDd time of the contents of the bottle, he struck a match and lighted a candle, when lo ! he saw that the intruder was—a pig ! which was sleeping by the side of the bed. Tbe language he used is common enough, but not polite. Having well thrashed the animal with a stick and turned it out and properly fastened tbe door, he again retired to rest. The Wallabadah correspondent of the Murrurundi Times writes :—" A clever capture was effected by Sdnior-coostaMe Ward ou Thursday last at Wallabadah. It appears that a man was passing through Wallabadah having in his possession four horses, when he was acco3ted by Constable Ward. The constable, alter conversing with tbe roan for some time, inquired his name, which ho stated to be Edward Pritchard, and that he was on his way to New England, having come from his father's residence on the Paterson. Constable Ward then asked him if he bad apeimit. As he had not a peimit, nor was he able to produce anything to prove tho horses to be his property, tbe constable then proceeded to take tho brands of tbe horses, for reference to the advertisements in the Government Gazette. The jrisooer, becoming confused, sard, * To show you the horses are straight, I will sell you »uy one of them.' He was immediately arrested on suspicion of having stolen tbe horses in his possession. Ou referring to the Gazette, Constable Ward learned the. names of the owuers of two of the horses, and after telegraphing to a great many police statious, found that the prisoner had served a term of two years previously, and that his nsme was El ward Mitchell. The prisoner was arrested ou Friday last and charged with stealing a horse the property of Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown appeared and swore to the hoise being his property." Two well-known theatrical mnnagers were invited by a friend (a military officer) to visit L*ke Macquarie, a beautiful resort, about 13 miles from Newcastle. They would doubtless bave enjoyed the scenery verv much had they got there, but they didn't. Through the able guidance of the gallant officer, who bad been there before, the party was lost in the bush. Sindfliesand stumps were the only beauties of nature they met with, save once when a flock of parrots passed overhead, fltshinglike emeralds against the blue 6ky, and turning, changed to golden dogstars. The monotony of sun and gumtree?, stumps and raofquitos was varied, however, by a bush fire, which at one time threatened to surround them. One of the party was delighted. He had long desired to see a bush fire. Tbe other suggested throwing the gallant guide into it. At last, with panting horses, and rattletrap buggy, tongues banging out of tbeir mouths and hope almost gone, they came across a house with an immense number of empty bottles outside with familiar and joy-inspiring labels attached | —a sure sign thought tbey, of full ones inside, and their parched mouths watered in anticipation of deep draughts of foaminz Forster. But alap, life is nothing but disappointments. It wis only the residence of a collector of empty bottles, who3e house redolent of salt fish and bacon tmellp, only drove the party more thirstily away* A road was found at last out of tbeir trouble. The managers reached Home. The gallant officer has not been seen since. 