A Nihilist Ghost.- : - . So muc hasbbeen. aid lately regarding the 1 ,pirit'gbrld, and o.f warnings through super- out natura agency,' that I may be accused of writ- cii Son a very worn-out subject. lHowever,in On spite of this, it may interest manny to hear the my sollond strange occurrence' which haplpened ju in well-known family somenTears ago, and tur which was related to me b? my friend ter 1Ir.--, a recent "new.chum, ' on the strict d 'condition of my suppressing names anddates sp should I ever wish to repeat.it. " On I will tell you this story as near as ppsslble she in this gentleman's own words-- - "Tiwo or three months after marriago.I tbok dec my young wife down to ma plne in the north is of Scotland to spend the ?ew?'ear, it having Ion be?n a tilmehonored'custom in our family to eoc do so. Though ate weather was bitterly cold, kno we all managed to enjoy ouriielves, and my onl ,ife, who was the onlyady mnongt us, A. do' in excellent spirits and the life of the partj:y, co uate in the evening of New Year's Day le thr u entlemer were amusing oursclies '.in the to illiard-room (it must hiae blten nearlytw.elvo she o'clock) when I was surlprised to hear iblot's" her voice calling me from above, ihe having retiredl n~i some time before. Ongoing up to her roem, out she informed me that she had beenmnuch its. so tonished by hearingttho tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen a c sledge quickly approaching, drawn by a pair of ier ?a-nificent black horses- and that it had.pulled lai n?i mmediateIv under her window. 'It se la ?a lovely moonligfit night siolie bhad leantout to Iti see if she could recogniso tie occupnit of tine he sledge. "s she did so he railed hia head'and cdt looked hertightinthe face, when shedisc? er wa ed he wa a perfect stranger. Whalt iolet c- inn sideredmostert'ordinary was, that onmeeting edit her eye, he held up his left hand andshook his rot head solemnly, then giving oin to his horsu,, it rapidly disappeired down the e avenue. 'My' o myaterious stranger coeld be, and 'had callu car me up to see if I knew.'Sh oescribed m is to being quite young, but with snowo-white hkir, piercing black eyes, ablack moustache;' and the nompletely wrapped in nables.! I being well and aquainted with all my neighbors far and near, cire felt quite certain thahheasnmorone of them, w and the only conclusion we could cone to was b that he wassome visitor from town who wished Nt to astonish the.natives witlt'euch1a hitherto nnheardl-of' coniipi?,bai ai"t'ldge.' Jsitakod ter if she were quife:aure she had no~ been dreisaing, rwhen she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake an hir life; loving at the time bhien sitting:dp iritinga most important letter. WVhen I"rlatdtdi'smv wife's story in the billiard-room, one oino f. converialtriends suggested tlmt we should all ;aelly forthin a body and search th grounds for the uufortunate beggar; who had'no doubt lnst his wayn ad would b very glad to be given a of drink. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, hii aey smail exitoment being acceptable in a .odt ohrmtre house. In the meantime the -eatt er the had anplotely changed, and it hand commenced m to snow heavily, which acounted satisfactorily for our not being able to disoveer traices of the sldge. We soon got tired of the soarc-l agree.l ing that the aysteOrious stranger had discovered ,ow? trepasmtni, and aid muad the best of li hi: e',ythome. . . -tin Trio next day r iolet appeared rather in ?nserl when ue chaffed hr about her melan- lil hioly visitor of the previous night, and eeeing ate that it was not welcome we soon dropped the toE ubject, andin fact forgot it. hil That evening, as we men had just decided- liif upon separating for the night, the door of tile c smtiug-room burent oped , and to my intense ia .surprise my wife rushed in, her diesineg-geow throsen on, her lcdr all dishevlled, and tlaok' urin perfectly ghastly. She' hardly eemed to knouw-wshat ahe was doing, and whed I e n-. quired what on earth w-as the matter,-sankmiato a chair, gnsping out, "He has come igaiu "-1 aeeing that she was really eifected I hastened all to get her a glass of wine, rind beggid ier to be wine me full particulars. It appears that she hod grne to bIdl, and had'slept eaomdly huntil . awaleniCd by the sound df approaching sledg - i bells; then startiiig"up;:rhad throe-n un hb'i dresing-gown 'and usohe d'to the window. ie where ohe discovered the sledge had bheen nI brouglht to a standstill it exactly. the sanelo d spot as of the prvious night.. On helr appear- 'Hi anre the driver, looking up at her toadfastly, had rised his hld, and shaken his headn tit precisely the same warni manner as before.' s, .Yet waiting for mbre, andfilled with a name: le less terror, the poor little woman'had rushed down to' me in this excited condition. WeV all fnet most iudignant at walmt we began to think was a very impertinent Iractiual:jok, and do eneigniog my wife, to the care of hier maid pr rushed out with the intention of finding and c making it hout for the perpretator. We ran out tic eacely;, the night.was clear and frosty, the ER uhd was'coveied with snod, alth ough none le Id 'fallen since the morning,. ant I confess that eI' eperienced quite a bhook when, dn ar riving beneathimy ife's window, we disecoverd the snow was comtletely undisturbed, an that h there was' not the faintest trace of aiiything it having paused that way. We all returned to tci the homa somewhat subdued, and talked the no matter well over, when we came to the con- ani elusion that there must' be something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife could be the victim gi ofuch a delusion. Therefore we unanimouslyt decided on keeping a watch in the billiard- so room-which was imnediately beneath 'Violet's ro neem-on. the following night, and wait for to iwh.it might incur. In the meantime we hadt agesnl iior to mention the subject to my wig, .,ii and the next day, slhemnot appearingat all hi- I ehned to introduce it, things weiton muuh as Sme time afterahe had retired for the nighlt es being fortified with sundry glases of iiut oddy, repaired to- the billiard-room to coni- I mrnee our vigil, where we turned down the v and drew up the blinds, and were all on i the qgi sire for anything that might happen. IF The sihnee was becoming monotonous, when hi suddenly it was broken by a piercing shriek, vt and the sound of a heavy fall. Rushing ui to, my wife's room, from whence it hadl pr .eed, lu Sfound her extended on the flotr is a deald fsiit," still in hier evening dress, wsith hIer win dow snide open.. It was a long time before her maid, w'hom I found in the room, could restore it hr to coi.'elousnosu, and even thensheseenmed g ahnost deli roue, and kept wailing out, "Whly doesheconme.; Whatdoes he mean"' ti The maid afierwards informed muse that she '" had been reqaeso'ed by her mistress to remain ii in her room with he: until her miaster came up, d and she had islated eLsO did not intend undress.- h fug until then. IHer iAd had stood wrapped b in a shawl for a long tinue ad the windowe, and a lie-ed to listening intetlly for emeathi:ug o, eiiected. Suddenly nhe.Jahd riven a vo lent start, and leaning out f tine window, had ercitedly called the maid to ;ser side, and atked.her in a trembliiln g ilc,: ft bovhr zhs could ee.auything coan:s- rj tLehi,: 5lt''' ,rIi hear the thblda ofbell. I(i wis a still. noon- i light nightalmosta t is day, ~ut '-the lntiUl, a bright, intel, wont girl, drolircd 'chto culd sem or hear nottir:v, aild 'LhUhuvs iwust turoed from thewindo-v w hell 'he was Ilmrrilitnh to see her mistress it-gor tacrwards and fal' zintiang to the gleusud ..The vlulent:.shbonl: that my wife had reCeivcd.to< her un?viuuc:?)-'" toni resulted in a hli i m5 snesous illgv-' anti as easn as she cmuld bi mou:ed I 'trestIvirointhia iJutinent, wherj abeh l .tu.ortll ccervid " her health and 'aprita.' Wo' ni.i-te fli.es uvsr al luded to" thu s us? x'f bee Ilissos, 'ohtl ferling Thaugh aplra~elvly foriotlot by us bothll,;u:vi.] not considciviv' nUalunoUsto..speild :the cseoraii -ew Ycait'ii ivtlinoriajsud nwv ohrefof rii-'" O'i p-aYtviN longii.eomsiscLdviuitrsut t.iad.', with shcl': sTLcr iaun-g.iv? l'issvl;t''if , -', aud-:i' 'c-.'-ns '.?r y r spdpur. .it ti ,:fr'? .aa -r'".dcd c!j-urtvu' .ae os.th,5 '.,ic:i.i ' 'i nloasa 'v-i.:.-r.tlO hall iv. oinr honer, ti uihiv.' hao:?? .i:su . fgward . ith grewar : vl, .thgeeot i iniutsc Fd ehesotaus livrelp:ranivlor. \\\VlItz ti;n , i?.iv ,-,h th: c r.xrived, anb sy' ,if÷l -iRtLx I the .smi dessed for the batl, I Sh:vlni.h. hi.]s neser.cecn hpr look so levly,v witl tha it tusoi " Leobutiful woman alwi~ys wears when she is surt of lher triumphs. Durinq otir short drive to the Hotel - , our destmiation, she amused me by her ahnost childish anticipation of thie comin enjoyment On o.r ariving th ....he a-eocndodtheotope on my ann, still laughing and chatting gaily, but ijust as we were about to cuter the door she turned her head ae if violently startled. I felt her trembling' from head to foot, her face was deadly white, a:d her eyes were fixed on the spot from 'which our carriage had just moved." On my enquiring the reason of her agitation she excitedly exclaimed, "-Look there Il pointing to the foot of the "teps. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely mttergtd, and imtplo?,ered h.to take her houte. Poor Violet clung to nc closely, passionately exclaiming lthut if I did not do so at once she know ithe would die, and findingremonstrances only iuncrdaed her distress I thought it best to do as a iswiehed. Whilst in the carriage I coqld not ,etai explanation, as myjwife seemed thorotighly prostgte, and on our arrival I had to sultort .hri'-into her room.. There, when she apl~ered better, 1 requested Iher to ex plain hIer eaxtrrdinarry condulct. In air awed, al t~~swtE?.red voice, Violet iiiformed me that on enterinc the iHotel - he had' heard the soeutd tc sledge bell and on turning to see who had -ari yett, tntd perceived drawn up at the eitran?e the sniame ilysltoriow uniu who ca?used' her s.t nuch terror the previous'year in Scet land. There hle was, ivrapped in his heayy cuibles, and using the sameo warning gestures. I tried'to rc~son with her and impress upon her thlie gret offetrio her absence would probably cdu?e on such an occasion. For sone time she was quite impracticable, but seeing at last how mucch in earnest I was, mty dear little wife edidei tly made a great effort and consented to return with sme. All the same I felt quite gfSuved to notice what a change this strange oaurrance.had made in her,. the shrinking, pile little lady I was now conducting to the carriage Obeing indeed a very different person to ithe brilliant, joyous beauty bf a short time before. Just as we were about to set foot in the crriage a. terrible explosion was heard, snd'h 'fee minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel-, waere the ball was being given, had been blown to" the groutid (it was -supposed by ihsilists), and not a soul there had escaped I., 