Strange Fancies of Sailors. As a rule, seafaring people are super stitious, aud, from the time of the ark down to the present day, mythical tales find circulation among the mariners of all climes and countries, and ghostly ships, strange tales of the sea, form a large part oi sea literature. The literature of the Norse. man is full of strange fictions of ghostly ships and weird happenings to sailors. Lieut. F. S. Bassett, in an interesting article bearing on the subject, says : " Many fishermen believe that boats which men are drowned from are after. wards unlucky. Fishermen at Bridport think boats are less lucky when they do not kneel in launching them, as formerly, and they carefully turn them with the sun. At Redcar, in Yorkshire, they change the crews once a year for luck. The Northmen believed if their offerings for souls in purgatory were not acceptable, a spectral bark would sail into the wharf with crews of the souls of those who had perished years before at sea. Friends ol shore recognised lost ones, but at midnight the bell would strike and lights and ship die. appear as suddenly as they came. Belief, in ghostly ships are not confined to ancient mariners, and strange sights and unearthly stories ore girve common currency by sailors of the present day. The story of tie Imurdrr of the lpsseugero of ths Di:th veseil Palhtine, the burning of the vessel by hen murderous crew and reappearance off Block Island, where she was burned, is now well known, and only last summer the writes talked with sober- minded men and women on that island, who avowed that during the winter of 1881, on a cold and stormy night, this mysterious vessel made her appearance off the harbor, with her mast and rigging all on fire, exactly as told in the original story. She was in sight some time, so they said, and when last seen was running directly into the teeth of the gale then blowing from the east. A fisherman returning to port one night from a day spent on the fishing banks saw a bark heave in sight. Thinking she might want a pilot, he made for her, but before he could get alongside she came directly for him. As she approached he noticed that she was of a strange and antique build; her sails were old and her rigging was about used up, and not a soul was to be seen on deck. Frightened at this strange sight, he started to run in for the land, but the bark followed, rapidly came up with him, and as she went by strange voices in an unknown tongue issued from her decks, and a frightful heat seemed to come from her. As she was then running the fisherman knew she would strike in a few minutes, but all of a sudden she disappeared from sight. To the hour of his death this old fisherman believed that he had seen a spectre ship, In "Two Years Before the Mast," Dana says the black cook of his first ship long feared a certain seaman, thinking him a Finn. He said Finns were wizards, and he had known a Finnish sailmaker who could do what uncanny things he would. He had a rum bottle always mysteriously half full, although never replenished, and often con sulted. He talked to the bottle and finally cut his throat in an unseamanlike way. The cook had heard of a ship in the Gulf of Fin land which was beating against a head-wind, when another hove in sight, passed her with a fine breeze aft and all sails set, proving to he a Finnish vessel. Dana doubted his tales, whereupon the oldest seaman in the ship was appealed to. He remembered that a certain Finn was accused by the captain of a ship with whom he had quarrelled, of giving him a head wind, so he shut him up in the fore peak a day and a half, which summary pro needing brought the wind fair. Haunted ships are common enough, and ghosts apparently walk a ship's deck quite as comfortably as they do the lonely obhurch yard or ancient dwelling. The engineer of a steamer running between Baltimore and Savannah once made a sudden appearance among his mates, when the vessel was well at sea, with frightened face, and told them that something awful was surely going to happen, as he had seen a ghost walking for ward among the chains and cables. A few hours afterward the steamer encountered a storm, and was abandoned, and that engineer to-day believes that he was forewarned. A brutal engineer of a steamship, formerly running between London and New Orleans, had a sick fireman, whom he beat unmerci fully because he could not do his work. From the effects of this beating the fireman died, and from that time until she was lost this steamer was said to be haunted. The boiler doors would open and shut without any ap. parent reason, and the sound of heaving coal was heard in the quiet watches of the night when the vessel was lying at her dock. Irish sailors believe that when the sun rises on Easter morning it dances, not a jig, but a dignified sort of a minuet. Many sailors will not go on a vessel if anything happened to her when she was launched." One lady said to another: Have you been to church to-day 1 We had a most beautiful sermon on training children." " No; I was t hoe doin it?" wu the roTp l7, ' 